deeply unconscious. When Legolas had come to in Rivendell, Elrond had tried to talk to him, but it was soon apparent to the elder elf that Legolas was not really aware. He had looked to the twins to help and they had obliged by flanking the injured elf, "We need to treat these wounds and set these bones as best as we can if he is to have any chance at all. We need to check for poisons and internal injuries as well. We need him to be asleep for this so we'll have to give him a powerful sleeping draught. Speaking of which, Elladan, did you give Aragorn the 'special sleeping tea'?" the elf lord asked his eldest. "Yes, ada. That is why he is not in here to see this. I think it would hurt him almost as much to be conscious for this as it would Legolas," Elladan replied sadly. "I fear I agree. That is why I requested you give it to him. Elrohir, please sit Legolas up a bit for me," Elrond said. Once the injured elf had been given the draught he was soon asleep and the elf lord began his examination. What he found was not good. The young prince's injuries were extensive. Beyond the obvious injuries it was found that Legolas had several internal injuries including a punctured lung and widespread internal bleeding. He had a severe concussion and his left leg and right arm would be permanently maimed by the damage done. Elrond's heart nearly broke to see the ugly brand mark on Legolas' chest. Even with all of those injuries there was a good chance that Legolas would live. He would likely sail to Valinor to be restored to his unmaimed form, but he would live. Then Elrond noticed something that stopped his heart as he looked more closely at the small puncture wounds around the breaks in the bones. The elf lord had been informed by Aragorn what they were caused by on the way from the courtyard. Now as he looked at them, he found the crucial knowledge that Aragorn had been deprived. Every one of the wounds had poison in it. The worst part was that when the ancient elf lord looked at a small blood sample from the poisoned wound, he knew exactly what poison it was. That was when Elrond smashed the vial he was holding and closed his eyes in despair and defeat. It was a deadly mixture of hemlock, Orc blood, and belladonna. There was no known antidote. It was now a certainty that Legolas would die. Elrond knew he had to inform his sons, for Legolas did not have long. Elrond had told all three of his sons. All were friends with the Mirkwood prince and now sat in chairs by his bedside with Elrond. It was not long before those beautiful blue eyes opened wearily. By now the poison was taking its toll. Legolas was feverish and was drenched in sweat, but was shivering. Though Elrond had set the bones and bound all the injuries, Legolas was still in a lot of pain. He was having trouble breathing as the blood continued to fill his punctured lung. Legolas already knew what the others still didn't want to believe. He was dying. His time was very short now. Elrond spoke suddenly, luring Legolas from his foggy musings. "I am certain you know already, Legolas, but I feel compelled to tell you that... well you have been poisoned with something that has no anecdote. You will.. die," the elf lord said as gently as possible, looking completely sorrowful that he could not help. "I.. know. Have.. for a .. while.. now," Legolas said breathlessly. "I can give you something to dull the pain so you will be comfortable until then," Elrond offered. "No. I.. wish.. to be.. aware.. and.. not.. drugged.. for my.. last.. moments. Hannon.. le," (thank you) Legolas replied. After less than an hour and not nearly enough time for all the things that had been left unsaid, Legolas felt his heart rate slowing and his breath hitching within his throat. He struggled against the feeling of drowning as his lung filled with blood. Apparently the poison wouldn't even have time to kill him. He would drown in his own blood. 'Lovely,' Legolas thought sarcastically. He managed to gather enough air to say one final farewell to his friends then found himself unable to get more as he choked on blood. Legolas' hands clutched the sheets tightly as his body spasmed in its fight for air. After what seemed like an eternity of suffocating, a numbing darkness began to creep into the edges of his consciousness. Everything and everyone became distant and hazy as Legolas felt his pain suddenly fade from him. Then everything went black for a long while. When Legolas next came to, he was standing in the entryway of a strange, unfamiliar hall. He looked around puzzled until he heard a loud rich voice behind him and turned. "Welcome, young Thranduilion, to my halls. I am Mandos, Lord of these halls and keeper of the souls of dead elves," the Valar said to the solemn looking elf. Legolas sighed and shook his head. "This should not have happened. I am not supposed to be here yet. There was much that I was yet meant to do," Legolas said regretfully. "I fear you are right, Legolas Thranduilion. I fear you are right," Mandos said with a frown. THE END! A/N: This is the end for now, but if you all want me to write a more in depth story and continue this plotline, let me know in your review, since you know I would love for you to write me one anyway! PLEASE review! It makes my writing flow and it makes me happy! Sorry for killing Legolas! (DUCKS THE RANDOM OBJECTS READERS ARE THROWING AT HER) It will only be temporary if anyone wants me to continue this...