of sorts. For the first time in hundreds of years, I beheld another Elf. It was Legolas, speaking to a Man which I now know to be a Ranger. There were three Elves and two Men, to my eyes, so I remained cautious and tried to stay hidden. But the Rangers were more perceptive then I knew, and they saw me." "Rangers are more than just Men. They carry the blood of Númenór," an Elder told her. She nodded slowly and filed the information away for later to find out what that meant. The term was new to her. "Indeed, they must be more because I had never before been seen when I wished not to be. But the Rangers were swift and one caught hold of my arm, stopping me from leaving. It is probably just as well that I had no weapon near to hand or I might have been hurt. " "Perhaps." The Elder then turned to Legolas. "Since you were there, Legolas, perhaps you would care to continue the tale?" The Elvish prince nodded his acquiescence and backtracked just slightly. "I was speaking with the Ranger known as Strider, whom we call Estel. It was his companion who saw Linilya, and mostly he saw the moonlight glinting off of her hair and moved to stop her from leaving when she turned away. But he recognized her instantly as an elf and so released her, asking only who she was and what she was about. It is most unusual to find an elf travelling alone at all in these times, let alone a lady." Some of the listeners nodded agreement, and he continued, "She replied that she was a traveler searching for her family, and named herself as Linilya. She said that from what little she knew, not knowing the last name she held at birth likely made no difference but since she had not been raised among us she had not been given an adult name." "Are you so careless with the truth, then, young one? That you will give such information to any who ask?" "Not at all, lord, but something in me said I could trust them, those Men and Elves. And that is a part of me which I long ago learned to trust." Her reply was soft, but there was strength in her voice that hinted at defensiveness. "I meant no insult, young Linilya," the Elder replied. "If you will excuse us briefly, we must discuss something before we release the two of you to your rest." Linilya glanced at Legolas and saw him nod once. So she, too, bowed her head in acquiescence and the Elder filed out of the room. Wearily, she sat back in her chair. Her fingers still played with her ring, and it drew Legolas' attention. "May I ask you a question, little one? " She looked up at him and nodded, and he asked her softly, "What is the significance of your ring? I noticed that your fingers stray to it when you grow nervous." "Oh," she looked down at her hands and folded them in her lap. The ring on her finger was a silver band with a slightly wider setting for a small circle of onyx. Over the onyx was a delicate silver tracery in the shape of a rose. "It was a gift from my foster-brother on my 100th birthday. He told me that it had been in the family for generations, but that our mother had wanted me to have it. He said that I would keep the spirit of the family alive well beyond the lives of anyone else." She fell quiet again, waiting for his reaction, and was pleasantly surprised when he picked up her hand and looked at the ring more closely before saying, "It suits you very well. A lovely gift indeed." Legolas had just released her hand when the Elders returned to the room. The head of the council stood in the center of the group and he alone spoke. "It is the decision of this Council that you, Linilya, will be accepted among our people. We wish for you to learn our ways, and that is best done among us. Further, we proclaim that your years spent alone shall serve to replace your traditional Year of Solitude and you shall be given your adult name. Since you lack a father to choose your name, we give this honor to the Elf who brought you to us. Legolas," the Elder looked at him, "I bid you choose a name for our new kindred." Legolas was clearly startled, and his mind raced. He wished to choose a name that would suit her, and at last he found one. "I give her the name Morningstar. From today forward, she shall be known as Linilya Aurêl. I hope it is to your liking, my Lady." Linilya flushed prettily, but her voice was pleased. "It is, my Lord. I thank you all." She bowed first to the Elders and then to Legolas. "Then it is decided and shall be announced at daybreak tomorrow. This council is hereby dismissed." The two younger elves left the council chamber by the main door while the Elder exited via the council doors. "Is your new name truly to your liking, little one?" Legolas asked as they walked down the hall and into the fresh air of the outdoors. Most of Mirkwood's population may live in the great cave-palace, but Legolas had always preferred the woods to the caverns and he spent as much time as possible without rather than within. "It truly is, Legolas. Thank you." It had, at first, been a struggle for her to use his unadorned name. But over the weeks of travel from the western Wilderlands to Mirkwood they had grown comfortable with each other. He had taken to calling her "little one" and she had begun to feel drawn to him in a way she had never experienced before. TBC…