I do well. "Does this please you, father? "It rouses my suspicions," he said. I felt panic rising within me. "But, as it is your birthday, I will encourage you to choose. Choose more than one slave if you like." "One will do for now," I said, glancing at Legolas. "Choose quickly," Father said impatiently, "bidders are arriving at the gates as we speak." My heartbeat quickened and I felt a wave of dizziness envelope me. What if he said no? What if he declined my choice? "I'll take this one. Him." I pointed to Legolas. Legolas seemed perturbed at me. I wondered if he had misunderstood my action. Perhaps he hated me now. Later, surely, he would understand. I kept my eyes away from him, lest my father see my true intentions – his utter ruin and Legolas' ultimate liberation. "You ask for a chamber servant. It is customary to choose a female." "Father, I am well above the age of majority. By law I can choose as I please." My words were too harsh, I realized the moment they spilled from my mouth. I did not want the harshness of my words to give away my true intentions. So I sought to soften my sentiments, and his hard heart. "Besides, Father," I said with a forced warm smile, "it is my birthday. Surely you could bend to my wishes this once. I choose him," I said with all mock sincerity, "because this woman is too old. And this one is too young. And this one is with child – you can fetch a double the price for her. The one I choose looks sickly yet easy to break." My eye caught Legolas' gaze, and I knew this was far from true. "Please, father. He looks so unusual that I should like to make him my pet. I have not asked anything of you in such a long time. Can I please have him?" "That one is elf-creature. Do you know how rare they are in these lands? I expect to grab a very high price for him. Choose another." My heart sank. My legs felt heavy. I felt tears burning my eyes. I turned and began to walk away, feeling the oppressive weight of defeat. But fate would offer me one more chance to persuade my father. A grand party of bidders were riding uphill toward us. Wealthy bidders in fine clothing, astride fine horses. Men my father has dealt with many times. Ones he wished to please and impress with not only the quality of his slaves and the sharpness of his business acumen, but with his standing as a good man of the community. A good father, that is. One could only be as good a businessman as he is a man, he would always say. "I want him!" I cried. "Choose another!" "I want no other!" I shouted. His bidders were closer now. Close enough to hear my words. "You claim to be a man of your word yet you deny your own daughter! Your own flesh and blood! On my birthday! If you treat me in such a poor manner, what of those who are not family? Would you also deny THEM? Is this how you would treat them in business?" They were very close now, and father was very aware of their scrutiny. He was fuming, but I could also see that he was bending under the pressure to look good. "Trouble, Peer Pagranan?" one of his bidder spoke rode up. "Why no, Peer Longbotham. My daughter is merely choosing a slave." "I have chosen. May I take him away so you may conduct your business, father?" "Yes, taken him," he said, so that all could hear. And then, for my ears only he said, "We shall talk about this later." Such a threat would have scared me before. It had little effect now. I had won. Father left to mingle with his clients. I reached out to Legolas. He stepped forward quickly. Too quickly. He collapsed into my arms. Two of my father's employees raced forward to drag him away from me. "Easy with him!" I demanded. "Take him to my servant's chamber," I ordered. The men turned toward the house to carry out my order. "Wait!" I turned to find Timondel standing by the branding fires, an iron in his hand. He pulled it fresh from the flames. It glowed orange and bright. "He'll be needing a taste of the iron first." I could see how eagerly Timodel savored the idea of further ruining the elf's perfect flesh. "No!" I scolded Timondel. "He is too ill to receive a brand today." "According to who?" "According to me. Or shall I ask my father to intervene? He has little patience for you as it is. And as his bidders are arriving…" Timondel growled a curse under his breath, and promptly tossed the brand back into the fire. "Y'still must give me a name for him, " he said, "for the records." I looked back a Legolas, unconscious in the hands of my father's men. I would have used his name, but I also knew that as a slave one's original name is replaced by one favored by the owner. A despicable practice, but one my father swore by, as it is the first step to successfully breaking a slave into service. By taking away the last thing a man can hold claim to, you claim him. If I were going to be successful with my ruse, I would have to play by my father's rules. I was stumped. What could I call this superb creature? What name other than his own would do him justice? I looked at him again, half-conscious and being carried away. Yet again my heart leaped and quickened. I could not wait to set him free. This beautiful, beautiful creature. I smiled at him. "I shall call him…Beautiful." End chapter 1. Hope you like it, hope you'll comment.