then Lalaith would have the nearness of friends to comfort her, if nothing else. "Then the Hobbits too, may yet be alive." He offered. "Less than a day ahead of us." Aragorn returned, rising to his feet, and starting in again, at a run, his eyes ever upon the ground, watching the tracks that fled away over the grass as Legolas drew into a run beside him. "Come." A deep throated dwarfish grunt met Legolas ears, and he glanced back as Gimli came, rolling past a rock, down the hill from whence they had come. He must have tripped. "Come, Gimli! We're gaining on them!" Legolas cried over his shoulder, before he turned forward and rushed on, ever faster, on Aragorn's heels. Ever the sturdy Dwarf he was, Gimli rose again to his feet, and followed "I'm wasted on cross-country." He hollered trotting as fast as he could force his stout legs to move. "We Dwarves are natural sprinters. Very dangerous over short distances!" The Dwarf let out a huff of air, and rushed on, wasting no more breath on words as he fought to regain the distance between himself and the other two. The ground was steep and his legs tired as he struggled on over undulating ground, and slick rocks, drawing hard, deep breaths, and forcing his legs to move onward, ever struggling to keep up as the trail the orcs took twisted through the landscape. Legolas could sense her, knew he was drawing ever closer, and in his eagerness, took the lead, which Aragorn willingly relinquished, for the human could sense that Legolas knew the trail as well as if he had seen their quarry pass this way in his mind. Indeed, some thought within Legolas' mind, insubstantial, like the memory of a dream, showed him the path, marked here and there by the tracks of the orcs that served to prove that his instincts were not wrong. At last, the trail led upward, along the slick ledge of a wide, flat rock that tilted at a steep angle, the arching sides of which curved out and down toward the terrain below. And at the tip of the rock, he paused, drawing deep breaths, Aragorn beside him, to survey the grass covered land spread below, unfolding wide into the mist hazed distance pocked here and there with jutting, ragged stones, black and gray against the yellowed, gently swelling rolls of the grassy plain. "Rohan." Aragorn muttered beside him as Gimli came to a stop beside them, thumped the haft of his ax upon the ground, and leaned, exhausted, over it. "Home of the Horse-lords." Aragorn added between breaths. "There's something strange at work here. Some evil gives speed to these creatures. Sets its will against us." His words settled soberly upon Legolas' mind. For Legolas had thought the same fearful words himself, though he had dared not utter them, as Aragorn had. At this thought, Legolas darted downward, leaping off the rock, and rushing ahead as Aragorn and Gimli came on steadily behind him. As he did, the sides of the rock fell away, opening his sight to a vista even greater than what he had seen from the ledge above him. "Legolas!" Aragorn called, as he hopped downward, from rock to rock, with Gimli trailing behind. "What do your Elf-eyes see?" Tightening his grip upon his bow, Legolas gazed out across the land. A haze of yellow-gray dust rose into the otherwise still air, far in the distance, and beneath it, he saw the tiny pinpricks of dark, oily skinned orcs, surging tirelessly onward. They had altered their path, having arched about, heading now, in almost the opposite direction of their previous course. He sought for a glimpse of her fair skin, or the glimmer of her hair among the darker bodies, but all he caught was what might have been the small elvish cloaks of the two Hobbits, tied to the backs of two orcs. Lalaith, he prayed, was hidden somewhere in the midst of the hoard. His mind shrank from the chance that she might be lying lifeless somewhere on the vast plain before him. No. She was yet alive. He allowed himself no other thought, for if he did, his mind would sink into despair. "The uruks turn northeast." He called out, watching the subtle shift in the dust cloud as it slowly crawled along, marking the passing of the orc hoard. And as realization dawn upon him, his smooth brow, covered in naught but a damp sheen of perspiration, furrowed with a new fear as he cried, "They're taking them to Isengard!" "Saruman." Aragorn muttered behind him, and Legolas' heart gave a great throb in his chest. No, not Isengard. Not Saruman. What the corrupted wizard could do to her, what tortures he would devise for her, or for the Hobbits, Legolas dared not imagine. No. He had no choice now but to reach her before the orcs found their way to Saruman's domain. For if the orcs were to take her into the black stone fortress of Orthanc, Legolas knew he would never see her alive again. *translations* Orc Speech : Uglúk u bagronk sha pushdug Saruman-glob búbhosh skai. - I am not entirely certain, but I think it means this: Uglúk is going to that cesspool with the prisoners of filthy Saruman, the great wizard. That however, is only a guess, because I do not know the meanings of the words, "pushdug" and "skai". Marr vogul-shara. - Stupid Little-human. Lul Gijak-Ishi. - You have flowers in your blood. Sindarin : Radatha le. - I will find you . Aeg yrch.- Foul orcs. Thaur hîn o Morgoth. Amin dagatha pain! - Vile children of Morgoth. I will slay them all! No thala. - Be stalwart. Ú-na er. - You are not alone. Ú-`osto. - Do not worry. Melon lin ú-awarthia le. - Your friends will not forsake you. Ú-awarthiam Lalaith a pheriannath - We will not forsake Lalaith and the Hobbits.