up Frodo Baggins collapsed in a heap at her feet as Menegilda shrilled, "Who let the child through the doors?" (I) (I) (I) Esme sat by the pallet fixed for Frodo in the Master's office, near the open door to the Master's parlor, listening to the argument raging between Menegilda and Bilbo. Frodo, who'd been given a sleeping draught by Master Beldir, was deeply asleep, hopefully unaware of the heated words passing between the Mistress of Brandy Hall and the Master of Bag End. "You had no business taking the lad to the burial grounds, Bilbo Baggins. Who knows how far you might have set him back. He has a whispering in his heart--Beldir's told you and I've told you. The shock of seeing his father's body that way was more than he could bear--it almost killed him!" "I've been speaking with Laurel Chubbs in Hobbiton about hearts--she's worked with the Boffins for years, you know, and is quite aware of how the heart can fail. She says that it's likely not that bad, and shouldn't be permanent. She says it's not uncommon in children early born, but that they usually outgrow it by the time they're eighteen or so. But I'll wager that you and Esme and probably some of the others present were also on the verge of fainting or retching--or both, until the shock of seeing Frodo do so first snapped you out of it!" Esme found herself almost smiling, for she knew that Bilbo's last supposition was all too right. Certainly the first thing Frodo had done on regaining consciousness had been to lose the entire contents of his stomach, not that he'd eaten all that much to begin with; but no one else had followed through on their own impulses to do likewise. He'd been quiet over the last few days, but had appeared at the door when the family gathered to go to the burial grounds neatly dressed, ready to accompany them. Menegilda had explained he would be staying in the Hall with Mistress Poppea and Willow and his Uncle Dodinas, and wouldn't be attending his parents' funeral. "But they're my parents!" he'd begun, but his aunt shook her head. "They're your parents, but right now you are our responsibility, and you've already suffered one major shock--we won't see you suffer another." Bilbo was apparently delayed at the Bucklebury Ferry, and Esme hoped that once he arrived he'd agree to stay in the Hall with the lad and distract his attention from what was happening in the burial grounds. However, not long after the last of the family arrived from the Brandywine Bridge and all was ready to begin, there was a stir from the area closest to the Hall as Bilbo made his way through the crowd with his arm about Frodo's shoulders. Frodo had remained quiet and filled with dignity as he saw the wide coffin that had been made to hold both of the married couple carefully lowered into the grave, and as their closest family he went forth first with his handful of earth and a wreath of flowers he'd been weaving that morning. Bilbo followed after, ignoring the glare Gilda gave him as she and Rory stepped forward to honor Primula as he was honoring Drogo. Then it was Dora who came forward with Dudo's arm about her while Amaranth and Dinodas also made their tributes followed by Asphodel and her family. Frodo had remained quiet throughout the meal that followed the funeral, and agreed both to retire early and to accept Beldir's draught; and now the long-delayed storm had broken. "But it's my right and duty as his family head of name..." "Face it, Bilbo--you're not a young Hobbit any more for all you still don't look a day over sixty. You can't be expected to keep up..." "Nonsense--I cared for him as an infant and changed his nappies..." "...needs a mother's hand..." "What do you mean a mother's hand? You don't think you can keep up with him any better than I could?" "...And there's the matter of reputation to consider..." "No one of any sense listens to Lobelia's twaddle!" "No? Then why did Drogo bring Primula here from Hobbiton?" "They'd have done better to have remained and brazened it through, you realize." "Well, it's not twaddle that you left the Shire without a word and were gone for a year and a day, Bilbo Baggins!" "So what?" "We can give him so many advantages..." "And you think I couldn't provide for him properly? Really, Menegilda Goold!" In the end Gilda won out, but only under condition that Bilbo be allowed to visit frequently and take Frodo along on his rambles throughout Buckland and the Marish, and that he be allowed to send what he wished to Frodo and the lad be allowed to receive it. And the ones chosen to serve as Frodo's foster parents would be Saradoc and Esmeralda. "At least I know they'll be more concerned with his happiness than with trying to wrap him up in wool batting--try that and you'll most likely kill the boy." Esmeralda looked back at the child lying on the pallet and brushed an errant curl from his forehead. He was hers now, for the next few years, at least. Her first child now. And one day there'd be another, one of her own, to be as little brother to him. But what a way to find herself a mother, at the loss of one of her favorite cousins, the cousin all had loved so dearly. "Oh, Frodo-mine," she whispered, "I'll do my best to see to it that nothing ever hurts you like that again, I promise dearling, upon all that's good and right in this world. Never again should you suffer." And as he lay there, he seemed to shine somewhat in the growing dark in the room. A special one to whom she'd be a second mother. Again she stroked his brow, smiling at him.