came to give you and Lobelia my condolences and, as family head, to offer whatever aid we Bagginses can give, Otho." The younger Hobbit merely looked at him. "Are you going to offer me a chair?" suggested Bilbo at last. Otho finally waved vaguely about the room, at which Bilbo sat himself on the wing chair in the corner. "I am so very sorry, Otho," he began. At last his cousin spoke. "I suppose it was only for the best," he said rather abruptly. Bilbo was shocked. "For the best? How can losing a child ever be for the best? Do you know--do you know if it would have been a lad or a lass?" "Laurel Chubbs didn't tell you?" "Laurel Chubbs? Gossip about her patients? I rather think not, Otho. All she would say was that the child was lost, reporting it to your family heads as is customary, you know. And as the child would have been my heir after you, I do feel I have a personal interest in the situation, you know. Although I don't understand your father's attitude. I understand he was here, but not Camellia?" "My mother--bestir herself for anything unpleasant? How poorly you know her, Bilbo." There was decided bitterness there. "There was no time to send for anyone from Lobelia's family, of course, although Dock was visiting family in Overhill and came at once when I sent to advise her. She and Lobelia aren't particularly close, but she does have family feeling and has been very helpful, of course." "Yes, I saw that," Bilbo answered, managing to keep the irony he felt out of his voice. "Shall I help with the funeral arrangements?" "A funeral? For a child born so early?" The Baggins paused. From what Longo had confided to a small group of gentlehobbits to which Bilbo was attached at the Green Dragon the night before, the child hadn't been born all that early--indeed had been due at any time. Lobelia and Otho had married while he was gone, although even before he'd hared off with the Dwarves and Gandalf there had been more than adequate signs that this was where the wind was blowing, once Lobelia had gotten the idea he wasn't the least interested in her and was not to be maneuvered into a compromising situation, and after Drogo had retreated to Buckland to escape her attentions as well. The lass had seemed intent on marrying into Baggins money and respectability no matter what; that she'd deliberately put the dessert before the meal in order to force a marriage was certainly well within her character. But it appeared that Otho was intent on pretending this child was indeed far too early to have survived the birth, and that was disturbing to the older Hobbit. Longo had last night been feeling rather contrite about the rumors Lobelia had started about Teron, from what Bilbo had been able to see--his uncle had been patently ignoring his presence, after all. But if Otho was going to act as if the child was born too soon, what could be done about it? Those who'd been privy to Longo's intelligence the previous evening and most likely their wives and families would quietly spread the word, of course, and there would be added that much more disdain given Otho and Lobelia as a response, particularly as the two of them had so benefited from the slander Lobelia has spread about her husband's cousin. But it was a Baggins trait to avoid looking anything but prim and proper in the eyes of the Shire, after all... "I see," Bilbo said at last. "Too early to survive. Then you are allowing the midwife to see to the disposal of the child?" "I don't see how we could do more, Bilbo. It's not as if it had had the chance to live." For a moment Bilbo saw a brief indication of grief there, although Otho immediately hid it away. He felt some relief--apparently Otho--and hopefully Lobelia as well--had been happily anticipating the birth of this child. It was a sign that there was still some humanity in their hearts. "I see." But later that day he stopped by Lavender Sandybanks's home and arranged for a quiet internment for the poor child, and he sent down flowers from Bag End to lay over the unmarked grave. (I) (I) (I) /It was surprised that the temporarily unprotected child had died as a result of Its touch on its fëa , but was pleased to find It had managed to cause grief to that pair and to the Baggins as well. And to realize that the unborn boy-child would have been dear to the Baggins in spite of its parents pleased It the more. If It had managed to disturb the feeling of continuity for Its current bearer... It was difficult, however, to fully stay awake. It was in an environment that was antithetical to Its nature, and Its true Master had been forced to flee his fortress and was not yet ready to declare himself as Lord of Mordor. However, It set a small part of Its awareness to keeping an eye on matters. It had avenged Its current bearer and had seen his curse carried out, at the same time meeting the desires of Its previous bearer. We curses the Bagginses! Yes, that one had cursed this one's family, and It would delight in punishing the Baggins who held It by seeing that family diminished as It could. Yes, It would keep an Eye--the bit of the Eye as it contained--on future potential heirs to this one. Let the Bagginses fade away to obscurity. It could be patient, after all. If a gold Ring could yawn, It did so as It slid into a torpor, yet left Its awareness sufficiently focused that It might waken at any time it appeared another Baggins was likely to be born. Oh, yes, that curse spoken by Gollum It was proud to fulfill./