for the moment with their view of their Chieftain who had returned to them with his family, now ruler of both Gondor and Arnor. Maglor, however had gone beyond the flat area where tents, pavilions, and campfires had risen, and sat now within a spinney of young alders, overwhelmed by the memories raised by the sight of Elrond's Captain, daughter, and grandchildren. How he'd come to love those two boys that he and his brother had brought out of the ruins of Sirion! Even if they had forced the children's mother to fling herself from the height of the tower window down to the Sea below, yet in time Elrond and Elros had come to accept him as their guardian and teacher, and everything he'd not been able to teach his own son he'd left behind in Tirion he'd sought to teach these two. Elros had chosen mortality and had left the Circles of Arda two Ages of the Sun past, while Elrond he'd seen leaving with the other Ringbearers at the end of the Third Age, a mere fifteen circlings of Anor ago. He'd had but mere glimpses of Elrond since the day Maglor and his brother had slain the guards set over the two remaining Silmarils and they'd sought to escape with them, thinking their father's vow finally fulfilled. Maedhros had ended up destroying himself, giving himself and his shining burden into the heart of the Earth itself, while Maglor had thrown his own Silmaril into the keeping of the Sea, seeing again in the arc of his throw the fall of Elwing with the Nauglamir upon her breast. Now and then Maglor had approached wherever it was that Elrond had been living, contenting himself with glimpses from afar of his remaining foster son, glad that at least he'd had a hand in the forming of this one good soul. And he'd been close enough when the ship carrying the Ring-bearers set sail from Mithlond to see the great weariness on Elrond's face, alongside the gladness that at last he was able to set aside the burden of rule and guard he'd held since the founding of Imladris followed by the loss of Ereinion Gil-galad. How glad Maglor had been to realize that his fosterling had been the bearer of one of Celebrimbor's Rings of Power during the years when all of good will had stood in defiance of Sauron! Sauron had finally been defeated, his power destroyed because one of those small Periain had managed to defy the evil will of Sauron's own Ring to bring It back to Mordor where at last It was unmade in the very Fires in which It had been forged. Both Elrond and Maglor's kinswoman Artanis Galadriel had willingly offered up their own power to see the Ring destroyed. Now they'd gone out of Middle Earth forever, taking with them the Perian who'd thought to sacrifice himself to see that purpose fulfilled. If only he and Maedhros had shown similar integrity, Maglor thought as his tears slid down his face. "Here he is, the one who somehow has Frodo's shirt studs upon him!" Maglor looked up, shocked, to find he was no longer alone. Facing him directly was a russet-headed Dwarf with a most grim expression. How in Middle Earth had he failed to hear the arrival of one of the Naugrim ? And what would a Dwarf know about the gift that the small bearer of the One had made to him the night before that grey ship left the quays of Mithlond? It had been such a chance encounter, the Hobbit having intended only to relieve himself before returning to his rest before the last leg of his journey to the Havens. What had moved the Cormacolindo to make the gift of the studs he wore to hold closed the cuffs of his shirt Maglor still did not understand, but he wore them humbly, a memorial to one whose discernment and compassion he'd known but a brief moment ere he was gone. The Dwarf was not alone. He was accompanied by a Perian with a broad frame, and a much taller and slender cloaked figure. "I'd wondered how my Master'd managed to mislay those shirt studs that last night of our ride to the Sea," the Hobbit said. "He didn't explain, not that he was up to speakin' anyways by that time." The cloaked individual murmured, "What I was wondering was how he managed to be garbed in a shirt that I myself wrought. I recognized my own work from the brief glimpse I had of the sleeve." It was a woman's voice, low and musical, reminiscent of the voice of Elwing he'd heard but the once, just before she'd leapt through that window. She thrust back the hood of her cloak, and he found himself looking into the face of Elrond's daughter, now the Queen of Arnor and Gondor. She was examining him closely, and he quailed before the Light of Stars to be seen in those beautiful grey eyes of hers. "So," she whispered, "this is the way of it, is it? I think I understand!" He could only look at her dumbly before he dropped his gaze. But she would not allow that. She set a shapely finger beneath his chin and caused him to raise his head to meet her eyes once more. "I'd always wondered if one day we might meet, Macalaurë son of Fëanáro," she said more formally. And then she smiled at him, and his heart leapt within his breast. "I am so very glad to greet you at last, daeradar ," she said, and indeed he felt encompassed by the love that Timriol son of Findrion had foretold! -~0~- daeradar - grandfather epessë - a nickname given by another that has become accepted by the recipient Morgil - Dark Star Russandol - Redhead, one of the epessës given to Maedhros when he was young Vanimelda - my beloved one, an endearment