they had built. "Guflaf's with her. He says she will live." Elfhelm raised his eyebrows in question. "They must have realised we were coming and didn't stop to finish her off. But they…"he shook his head, not up to saying it aloud. Elfhelm swore fluently for a moment, "Next time I will not bother killing the scum, just burn them alive." The flap of the makeshift tent opened and Guflaf appeared carrying a bowl of bloodied water. Éomer guessed that Bergit had finally allowed him to wash her. "Éomer says she will live." Elfhelm greeted him. Guflaf nodded. "Only one got to her, found her and tried to keep her for himself. As usual with their kind that caused a fight amongst the brutes, which saved her from worse. But she wants to die, wanted me to kill her and when I wouldn't, she tried to take my knife." Éomer gasped. "Why? Why would she even think that?" Both men ignored him. "She will have to be watched. Do you think she can travel tomorrow? It will be best we get her to the village as soon as possible." Elfhelm had showed no surprise at Guflaf's announcement and for a moment the two men discussed whether Bergit would be fit enough to sit on a horse and if it would be best if they sent someone ahead to inform the villagers they were bringing in two survivors. Éomer felt he was missing something— however awful a thing that had happened to her, she was alive and would recover. "Why should she want to kill herself?" he asked again as soon as the two older men had finished their conversation. Guflaf pursed his lips. "She has lost most of her family. She has been violated in the worst possible way for a woman. She says her betrothed will not want a wife who is not pure, who has been touched by those filthy…" "But it's not her fault," Éomer exclaimed, interrupting him. "No one will blame her." Elfhelm put his hand on his shoulder, "Éomer, how would you react? Would you take a wife who had been abused so?" Éomer pulled away from his captain's hand, his ire rising. "If I had made a promise, I would not break it. If her man loves her he will not hold her responsible." "Then I suggest you go and tell her that, lad." Guflaf wandered away to empty the bowl and see to the wounded men who needed him. Éomer opened his mouth and closed it again, his anger leaving him abruptly to be replaced by panic. "Me tell her?" "It won't do any harm, Éomer. She will need all the help she can get. I have seen this before; she may never recover from such an ordeal." Elfhelm clapped him on his back and went off to organize the burying of the dead. Éomer stayed where he was, uncertainty rooting him to the spot for a moment. What could he do? True, he had dealt with most of Éowyn's problems since they lost their parents but she was his sister. His sister! A shudder of horror ran through him at the thought of anything similar happening to Éowyn. What would he say to her if it had? It was thinking about his sister that made him realise the full extent of Bergit's suffering – being awoken by the sound of her family being slaughtered and then…. Chastened, but still not having any idea of how he would approach things, he collected a bowl of stew and headed for the tent. She lay on a pallet, eyes closed, and with a livid purple bruise covering one cheek. In spite of the heat she had huddled a blanket tightly around herself. Éomer hesitated to disturb her but after a moment she opened her eyes and stared at him. Shaken by the despair he saw there, he could only stutter. "I've brought you some food, Bergit." "Take it away, Éomer. I don't want it." "You need to eat to recover." Her only answer was to close her eyes again. Damn, skirting around the subject wouldn't get him anywhere. He'd always found it better to be up front with Éowyn. "Guflaf said you tried to take his knife. Why did you do that?" Her eyes flew open. "Why Bergit?" he repeated. "Isn't it obvious? I have no life now." "Yes, you do. You are alive, and you have to carry on living for your family's sake. You have a grandmother and cousins in the village, haven't you? And there is a man waiting to marry you." "Are you mad!" She spat at him. "Would you want a woman who had been mauled by those filthy beasts?" "If I wanted her before then I would still want her afterwards. It's not your fault, Bergit, and if your man truly loves you he will still love you." "Love me?" Tears filled her eyes and she let them flow unheeded. "Edwick did, I know he did…but now? I don't know if love is that strong." Éomer put the bowl on the ground and sat down on the edge of the pallet. "I'm too young to have experienced it for myself, but it was strong between my mother and father. So strong, that my mother let her life slide away after my father died, leaving Éowyn and me alone. I don't think she had the right to do that. I don't think you have the right to leave Edwick alone. You are not giving him a chance to show his love for you." Her brow creased heavily as she digested his words. Éomer could almost see the conflict going on in her head. Finally, she looked him straight in the eye. "Do you really think he will still want me?" "I'll thrash him if he doesn't." She sniffed, wiping away the tears; a faint glimmer replaced the dullness in her eyes. "He's twice as big as you." To be continued.