was Tarburz, the captain of the Uruk-hai in charge of scouting northern Mirkwood. He was a giant Uruk-hai with sharp fangs and claws. Even among the orcs, he was known for being brutal. "Master. I got news from our scouts," he started. But then he noticed Barash standing not too far from him, looking extremely annoyed at being interrupted. He smiled smugly knowing that he had just irritated him. "Well?" The Nazgul was starting to lose his patience at the delay. "The scouts say that the water is treacherous and the walls hard, but the elf scums only used arrows and knives in battle, not magic." "No magic you say?" Barash asked. "None," Tarburz retorted, and looked back at the Master. "Our scouts also found something interesting that you might enjoy." And Tarburz turned toward the entrance and barked orders in the black tongue to bring in the prize. There was a scuffle, and two orcs came in dragging behind them a badly beaten elf. The Nazgul finally turned around to face the two captains and the elf, whose hands were bound behind his back, and was breathing heavily from the beatings and the fear of coming face to face with one of the Nine. The elf looked like he was trying to shrink into himself, overwhelmed by the darkness of the fortress and the Nazgul himself. The Nazgul did not speak immediately, but merely studied the shaking elf. He knew it unnerved and terrified the elf with its silence, and he was relishing every moment of it. "He was carrying this, my lord. We think it's a message." Tarburz handed his master a piece of rolled parchment. "But we can't read their filthy words." The Nazgul took the parchment and swiftly skimmed it. He walked toward the messenger elf. He towered over the elf threateningly and in a low, raspy voice that hurt for the first-born to listen to asked, "What is this message for?" The elf, although trembling violently, kept his eyes to the ground and stayed silent. "Staying silent are we?" The Nazgul nodded ever so slightly to one of the orcs holding the elf. The orc took his jagged sword and plunged it deep into the side of the elf, twisting it to get extra effect. The elf's agonized scream rang throughout the fortress and was music to the orcs' ears. He hung limp against his captors, blond hair curtaining his face. He was panting hard, but otherwise quiet. Blood was dripping freely to the floor and it was the only sound along with the elf's breathing that could be heard in the room. The Nazgul looked unusually calm despite the elf's defiance. This unnerved the orcs as much as it did the elf. "Answer the Master elf scum!" The orc cuffed the back of the elf's head. The elf was unresponsive at first, but after a few deep, shaky breaths, he slowly held his head up. A billion thoughts passed through the elf's head and when he finally looked up at the Nazgul, his eyes were of one who has accepted death. "You want to know what the parchment says?" He took a deep breath as if it were his final breath and said, "It says, 'Go die and rot somewhere while beasts feast on your remains.' I do not answer to servants of Sauron!" The elf spat. The orcs roared with fury and moved forward to beat the rebellious elf. However, they were stopped by a raspy sound that sounded like scraping two rocks together. The Nazgul was laughing. "No matter. You are no longer needed." He waved his hand and the orcs cheered and dragged the kicking elf from the room. "So it's not a message?" Barash asked. Tarburz looked angry at Barash's attempt to bring down his glory. "It is a message," the Nazgul confirmed, "a message to Thranduil of Mirkwood. The She-elf is warning them of 'impending danger.'" The Nazgul smiled and the orcs could see his wickedly sharp teeth. "So the Mirkwood elfling didn't get the message. This is very good. Prepare the armies. We strike the Golden Wood." The two captains looked confused as to why they were to attack the Elf Witch's realm when they had failed just a few days ago. "Why do we strike the woods again?" The Nazgul became angry that the orc captain would dare question his motives, but he kept calm. "Thranduil does not possess the power the Elf-witch possess. This is your chance to seize the northern forest while the Golden Woods are weakened and unable to send aid." "But..we can't get through the gates." Barash pointed out. "You don't need to. Take your force and distract the She-elf. Take her eyes off of the north," The Nazgul said. Then addressing Tarburz he ordered, "You will take your force along with the rest of the army, and march north to Thranduil's gates. Take the king alive. Kill all the others." "Sha!" Tarburz was not happy that he couldn't kill the elf king. He was looking forward to that. "Why keep him alive?" "The Witch will dare not attempt to bring the place down as long as they know their kin survives. The king is not a threat as a prisoner unlike her because he possesses no ring. Do not worry of failure. This time, I will accompany your army. Now go! No more questions!" The two orc captains immediately left the room to gather their armies. The Nazgul called out to his winged pet with what sounded like something between a shrill whistle and a shriek. The great winged creature flew down toward its master and rubbed against his hand, purring softly. The Nazgul stroked the chin of his pet almost lovingly. "My pet. Soon, you will feast on elf flesh." If it seems that people like this story, I will continue. I've only written the prologue so far because I wasn't sure how it would turn out. Hope you enjoyed it!