with him and glanced about to see if anyone was watching, which of course we all were. So he took Sam off a few steps and tried shushing him right quick-like. Sam yelled something like, 'No need to shout?' And then I looked up and saw you were back." "Hm." Poor Merry. Earlier he had listened to his beloved Pippin's substantial spanking and his subsequent wails, which was upsetting enough, and now this. Little wonder he trembled. Sam and Frodo were just glaring at each other when I had returned, and then Merry had been talking, so I had not yet listened to what was going on, but I focused more closely now, instantly astounded by what I was hearing. Incredibly, Frodo had been foolish enough to confide his plan to Sam, of all people. While Frodo had meant well, the notion had been utterly foolhardy and dangerous. Confessing to Sam that he had even entertained such a thing would have been extremely unwise of Frodo. Yet, clearly, he had done so. And now Sam was reacting with predictable outrage. This suddenly became quite fascinating. Merry and I watched, transfixed. I had known, and I am quite sure Aragorn and Boromir had known, that it was just a matter of time before Sam took disciplinary action with Frodo, master or not. Sam was simply too protective, and he loved Frodo too much to deny himself the next step. I had never seen Sam so agitated at his master. He was gesturing in wild, short jerky movements, looking like he might explode at any moment. And with good cause. Frodo must have realized his mistake in confessing to Sam and he was now trying to shore up the banks of the raging River Gamgee. But Frodo's anger had also been kindled and he was fighting back by asserting his position as Sam's master. I had never seen him behave in such a manner. They were still talking too softly, albeit furiously, for anyone but an elf to hear, and I was beginning to regret that I could hear them. I knew Frodo's wrath was driving him to this desperate extreme, but what I heard made me cringe. Although clearly Sam had been rather frank himself. He had, apparently, already called his master stupid. "Don't say that again!" Frodo snarled. "I refuse to listen to you call me stupid, Samwise Gamgee! In fact, you owe me an apology for that rudeness. And don't you question me! You don't ever question me!" "Don't question you?" Sam looked utterly fierce. "I'll question you alright if you start in with such nonsense. Don't question you? When you need questioning, Mister Frodo, make no mistake, I'll do it!" "How dare you speak to me in that insolent tone!" Sam looked like he'd taken a physical blow, but he stood his ground. "I don't like having to speak to you disrespectfully, Mister Frodo, but --" "Then guard your tongue." Frodo paused to glare, then added, "I shall not stand here a moment longer and listen to you rail at me. I trusted you with a private matter, and although I had changed my mind and was not going to go through with it, your outrageous behavior makes me long to do it anyway." Clearly an empty threat, but Sam believed it and went pale. "Mister Frodo --" Frodo bellowed, "Enough!" with a force that made poor Merry flinch. He then stepped up to within inches of his servant's face and glared at him, "This conversation is over, Sam. Now sit down and gain some control of yourself. I'm going for a walk to cool off. Do not even think of following me." Frodo turned on his heel and headed off into the gathering dusk, absolutely storming with long, Ranger-like strides. Sam stood huffing, his arms rigid at his sides, clenching and unclenching his fists. Gimli had paused in his sharpening and was now watching him with raised brows. Gandalf had tipped his head back enough so that he was clearly able to see below the brim of his hat, and Merry and I barely breathed. Not a sound was heard in the camp. Sam lowered his head for a moment, studying the ground, still huffing, then he reached over and began to roll up his sleeve. He headed off after Frodo, now rolling up the other sleeve, and looking like nothing on Middle Earth would stop him in his purpose. When he had disappeared down the trail, Merry looked up at me, and said, "Uh-oh." "Indeed," I replied, and just then I glanced up and saw Boromir returning with Pippin draped over his chest. Pip's legs sagged from around Boromir's waist and he was clearly still asleep, supported by the strong hands beneath his bottom. I said to Merry, "Look you who is returning," and nodded in their direction. Merry turned his head, and with a soft cry he scrambled up and hurried out to meet Boromir. I watched, charmed by the scene. Merry hurried over to the hobbit nest, sat down and lifted his arms, and my little brother shifted Pippin gently, then lowered him to Merry's waiting lap. Pip licked his rosebud lips and lifted his still swollen eyelids a crack. "Oh," he whispered hoarsely. "Hullo, Merry. How'r you?" Merry grinned down at him gently. "Hullo, Pip." He kissed his cousin's forehead. "I'm better now that you're back. How'r you?" Pip grinned back "My bottom's burning something fierce." "I dare say. My poor sweet Pip." "Nay, Merry. I'm better now, too." "Shall I get Sam's salve? Would you like that?" "Oooh, that sounds nice. That sounds very nice." I watched Boromir back away and turn to me, and I briefly wondered if my face reflected the same silly contentment his did. He strolled over and sat down next to me with a deep sigh, then gave me the most self-satisfied smile imaginable. "Well done, little brother," I murmured. To be continued . . . .