him will they?" "No," Sara said, shaking his head, "I don't think so. Mortals can't go that way, not without a special grace granted by the Powers. Only Bilbo, Frodo, and Sam have been offered this grace, and obviously from what Frodo's written Sam doesn't have to accept the invitation now." "But where is Frodo going?" demanded Beri. "To the Elven lands, West of the Sundering Sea," his uncle answered him. "Where the Powers themselves can offer him healing." "But he wasn't sick----" Beri began, but the Thain cut him off. "He's dying, Beri. He'll die if he doesn't accept this, and he knows it. We could see it in his eyes when we had dinner with him at Bag End that last time." Sara looked at his brothers and nephew. "Is Brendi in the place?" he asked. "He's been mostly in Buckleberry meeting with Oderdoc's family for the past few days," Mac said. "I don't know if he's back yet from today's session." "There was a letter for him, too," Esme said, picking up another envelope from the table by her chair and displaying it. "I asked Horto to keep an eye out for him and let him know I have it." There was a knock at the door, and Horto, who was door warden for the day, led in a Bounder Sara recognized as one of those who guarded the gate at the Brandywine Bridge. "Beg pardon, Master, Mistress," Horto said, "but Garthfast here's come with a summons from the Bridge. From a Man, I understand," he said, his distaste obvious. Garth was a steady lad originally from the Tighfield area in the Northfarthing. He knuckled his forehead in respect, his eyes worried. "There's a Man, sir," he explained. "Come to the gates today and stopped. Tall, ridin' a tall bay horse, he was. Silver cloak about him, with a star on the shoulder like them Men as come afore to send word to you. The one with the black glove is with 'im, and the young one with the hound, too. Tall one on the bay's the one as come to the gate this time. Says as he's the Lord Halladan or somethin' like, sir, and that you met with 'im there in Bree, sir. Says as he's come to bring you word about Lord Frodo. Who's this Lord Frodo, sir? He don't mean Frodo Baggins, do he?" Saradoc took in a deep breath, then let it out. "Yes, I think he does," he said. "Frodo and Samwise Gamgee are considered Lords of the Realm in the outer world, you see." He looked around the room at the others, then turned back to Garth with decision. "Go back to the bridge, and bring the three of them across and into the common room at the Bridge Inn. And if they try to give you any argument about the King's edict, tell them this is my order, as the Bridge Inn is under my jurisdiction and Buckland isn't specifically part of the Shire--not exactly. See to it they get the finest wine or ale or whatever they please that's available. Tell them that we're coming, but need to speak to one of our own before we can leave the Hall." Garth nodded reluctantly. "As you say, then, sir," he said. "I'll leave now, then. Into the common room at the Bridge Inn, you say?" "Yes." Sara's voice was definite. "Will do, then, sir." Again Garth knuckled his forehead and went out, his duty clear in his mind. It was another fifteen minutes before another knock at the parlor door heralded the arrival of Brendilac Brandybuck. "Horto told me there was a letter for me," he began, then stopped, seeing their faces and obviously realizing the import of the attention all were giving him. Sara received the letter from Esmeralda and brought it to place in the lawyer's now reluctant grasp. "We know it's from Frodo, Brendi," he said. "Did you know he's leaving the Shire?" he asked. Brendi retreated inside himself, behind the mask of his profession as a lawyer of the Shire. "I can speak of nothing until the eighth of October," he said formally. "Why didn't you tell us?" Merimas asked. "I can speak of nothing until the eighth of October," the lawyer repeated. "Why not?" demanded Berilac. "I can speak of nothing until the eighth of October," Brendi again repeated, almost desperately. "Leave it, Beri," Mac said, placing a hand on the younger Hobbit's shoulder. "He's telling you all he's allowed. I take it," he directed at the lawyer, "he's made you swear the oath?" Brendi nodded, then looked down at the envelope in his hands. They all could see as a tear splashed down on the vellum. Brendi was obviously as full of grief as the rest of those in the room. "Open it and read it," Sara suggested, almost gently. The lawyer did so with fingers that were almost steady, finally unfolding the paper inside and reading silently. He then folded it again, and held it to his breast. "Oh, Frodo," they could hear him say softly. "Oh, Frodo." "Where are we to be on the eighth of October?" Sara asked finally. "At Bag End. All are to be at Bag End." "For the reading of his will?" Sara's voice was only just steady. Brendi just looked at him, barred from speaking further by his oath. "I see," the Master said quietly. He gave another sigh. "Lord Halladan's come to the Bridge along with LordGilfileg and another Ranger. Do you want to go with us to speak with him?" "It's best I don't. I can't break my oath, you know." "We understand, Brendi," Sara answered him. "We won't devil you further about it, then." With a wordless look of thanks and relief Brendi retreated. "Who's with me, then?" Saradoc said heavily, looking about the room. Within minutes he, Esmeralda, Paladin, and Eglantine, accompanied by Merimac, were on their way to the Bridge Inn.