us not wait a moment longer, my lady wife, but you have to decide how you wish to leave. We can try sneaking around the back; I have the key in my pocket. Or we can brazen it out." "What usually happens?" Éomer chuckled. "Traditionally, I pick you up and carry you to our bed. All the men clap, shout and stamp their feet, making as much noise and as many lewd suggestions as they can think of. The vulgarity increases with the amount of ale they have drunk." "Well, what are we waiting for?" Lothíriel raised her arms and wrapped them around his neck. Laughing, he swept her up. The cheering started before he had taken the first step. The noise reverberated in his ears, but the bawdy comments and innuendos passed over his head, all his concentration centred on the woman in his arms. She had buried her face in his tunic, the vibrations of her laughter drumming against his shoulder. What a wonderful queen she was going to make. Compared with the frenetic atmosphere of the hall, the corridor resonated calm. Éomer put his shoulder against the door to their chamber; it flew open propelling them through the opening. With Lothíriel still in his arms, he only just kept his feet. He knew he had shut it tightly earlier, but then he spotted the culprit standing next to the great bed. "What are you doing here? Out!" But his wife's Gondorian maid came from sterner stock. She drew herself up to all of her five foot three inches, thin lips quivering. "I have seen to the princess for the past ten years, my lord. Just because she is married does not mean she can get herself into bed on her own." Lothíriel slipped to the floor, her lips compressed together to stop her laughter. "Lisswen, I really can manage. Why don't you have a night off? You must be tired after the journey." Lisswen sniffed, shoving her pointed nose in the air. "If you're sure, my lady, but I doubt any of us will get any sleep with that row going on out there." Éomer held the door open for her. She swept past, casting him a sideways look full of suspicion and then stopped, turning back to Lothíriel. "What time do you want me in the morning, my lady?" "Um…" "The queen will ring when she's ready." Éomer answered for his wife, just stopping himself from pushing the maid out of the door. When she had passed through he closed it firmly, sliding the bolt into place. A heartbeat later and Lothíriel was in his arms, the warmth of her body and the fragrance of her hair sending his senses reeling. His at last, to be treasured, savoured and enjoyed. He nuzzled eager lips into her neck, nibbling into tender flesh. One hand wandered to her breast: ripe and full, her desire as urgent as his own. "Does your maid really think I am incapable of undoing a few laces?" Dessert Éomer let the pleasure of the morning wash over him. They would have to get up soon – the sun had risen eons ago – but he did not want to lose the unique feeling of contentment. At one time in his life he had thought this joy would never be his, had never allowed himself to hope the darkness would end. But this was the first morning of hundreds – thousands — that he would wake with his wife cradled in his arms. All the years ahead of them, there would be good times and bad times, but none would be quite the same as this. She moved, but only to snuggle harder against him. He didn't want to break the moment, but others were waiting. "The morning is old, sleepy- head." He whispered the words against her silky hair before moving his lips down to suck at a convenient earlobe Squirming, Lothíriel moved her head so their lips connected. "I am so sleepy now because my husband kept me awake for a great deal of the night." Éomer just had to sample the tasty morsels presented to him before answering. "And I cannot remember my wife objecting. In fact I recollect that my wife woke me before dawn." "Only because I was in danger of being suffocated." "But I remember you chose not to go back to sleep for quite a while." She giggled against his lips. "I have discovered that sleep is overrated." He personally thought he would be seeing a great deal more of his bed in the future, but maybe not to sleep. "I am glad to hear it, but now unfortunately we can neither sleep nor indulge in anything more pleasurable. Our guests will be waiting. Those who are leaving today will not want to do so until they witness the giving of your morning-gift." He knew she would love his choice: a beautiful horse for a beautiful woman. And an unusual and distinctive colour – the red of the mare's coat already showing mottled grey patches on her neck. But she would remain fiery for a few years yet. Elegant, bold and fast: a gift for his wife and her alone. The very best he had. No one else would ride her. "Oh!" Lothíriel pushed him away, "Then we must get ready because now I cannot wait either. Shall I call Lisswen, or are you as adapt at getting me into my dress as you were at getting me out of it?" Before he could answer she pushed back the covers and hopped out the bed, searching for her slippers. Éomer groaned, the sight of his wife's naked body seriously compromised his resolution to do his duty by his guests. Rolling across to her side, he reached out a long arm and pulled her back into the bed. "They can wait a while; we haven't had dessert." The end Thanks to Lia for her help with this one.