you have to drink now, would you like me to change it to three cups?" Arwen glared at all three males and proceeded to the kitchen to fix the tea Elladan, Elrohir, and Legolas all trailed her steps, but at a safe distance just in case she suddenly became angry and would vent her anger on them, though that was very unlikely for this lady. She was just about to add the honey in when Elladan took a risk and intervened. " I will add the honey." "What?" "I said, I will add the honey." " What did you just say?" "I will add the honey!" "Say that…. agaaaaaaaaain…." Fortunately, Elladan had known his sister his whole life and so he knew he was in danger of her explosion. Though rare, Arwen's temper was something nobody wanted to get in the way of when it did come. Now was one of those times. The oldest of Elrond's children raised his hands and backed away. However, Arwen would not let her temper fade away without having her say. " You never said anything about how much honey would be added, did you?" Glaring at the three of them, she forced herself to remain calm, and when she spoke her tone was quite forced. "This is just a simple matter compared to you wearing my dress for the entire day." Elladan flushed so deeply it would have been worthy of a the same color as a cardinal, while his twin and Legolas were sniggering as loud as they could, not even bothering to be discreet. This was what Elrond had decided: since the contest had ended as it did, the "bets" made on both sides had to be met. However, Elladan had just remembered that Glorfindel had no part in the bet, but he concocted a plan to include the older elf in there all the same. If he, Elladan, son of the Lord of Rivendell, was to be embarrassed in front of all the spectators, then Glorfindel should at least have some part of being embarrassed too… hmmmmm ….his head was already full of all sorts of evil thoughts and plans that he did not notice his sister finishing the remains of the tea, and he did not respond to her calls until his brother yank him not too gently by the hair. "Ow! What did you do that for?" Arwen stepped in between the two brothers smartly and said in a casual tone, thought it sounded like her nose was clogged up because she was trying to conceal her laughter—"Come, I shall now pick the dress that you shall wear." Struggling desperately not to do anything that might betray her composture, she led Elladan to her chambers, with the other two elves trailing behind. When they arrived in her dressing room Arwen bade the others stay outside and dragged Elladan in with her. He watched in interest as she opened her wardrobe and took the longest time picking out a gown, her face contorting into pondering looks of consideration. Finally, she picked out a purple one with elaborate decorations and embroidery—just about everything that would make even the most male elf look feminine. "This is what I usually wear to formal occasions," she explained sweetly in response to his look of horror. Trying to find an excuse, he said: "Pardon me, but I don't think I'll fit into that. You see, it'll reveal part of my arms and my legs, and I'll wear breeches under, if you don't mind." Arwen grinned wickedly. "That's all the better. Everyone will look at your feet—though I don't think they'll care—and that'd be just perfect. Go change. Now." She handed him the gown and turned around while Elladan hid himself in the corner. After a minute or so, he shuffled towards her. Turning around, she stared—just to find that the effect was so very different from what she had expected. It made him look rather—more mature—instead of feminine, which had been the desired result. She was not happy. Outside, Elrohir and Legolas were imitating what Elladan would sound like once they saw him in one of Arwen's gowns. They spoke in odd, high-pitched noises which sounded ridiculous and yet funny. When the eldest of Elrond's children came out, they started exploding with laughter. They did not see the outcome that Arwen had because they were male, unlike her, and so they did not see anything except for how feminine he looked. By now, Elladan had quashed the idea of embarrassing Glorfindel in front of the crowd because, according to his past experience, it always ended up vice versa. He had even dropped the matter of making Arwen do something, exceedingly nervous as he was. That night, during the celebrations, he didn't fare as worse as he thought he would. People had heard about Elladan already, but when they saw him, their mouths dropped open in surprise. The females had noticed immediately that he was single, but elves of the same gender as he was noticed the same thing that his twin and Legolas had. His spirits lifted considerably, and downright laughed in Glorfindel's face when the elf-lord tried to say: "You should try braiding flowers in your hair. It'll match your "dress." There went that day, and this was just one of the many contests that were held throughout the years before the Great Years. Other contests may have been different. It may have ended in many different results—but it all depends on your—as the reader—'s imagination. The End Translations daeradar: grandfather daernaneth: grandmother Lórien: also called Lothlórien; means Golden Wood muindor-nîn: my brother elleth: elf-maiden adar: father naneth: mother losto mae: sleep well Thranduilion: son of Thranduil Elrondion: son of Elrond Suilad: greetings Hîril nín: my lady Lembas: a waybread of the Elves Estel: hope , also the childhood name given to Aragorn by Elrond. mallorn: a special Elven tree which grows in Lothlórien Tinúviel: other name of Lúthien; means nightingale in Sindarin