mark was in such a place that few would ever see it." Someone made a strange sound, halfway between a laugh and a cough, and several of the Riders were grinning broadly. No small number of people had gazed upon that famous tattoo during Boromir's visits to Edoras. "Well, you need not worry, Prince Faramir. I can make the mark small. It is always drawn on the back of the right shoulder, so your tunic needs to come off." Faramir stripped to the waist, then as he sat on the floor by the light of the fire, the marshal laved his right shoulder with soap and water. His back was terribly scarred where the southron arrow had torn his flesh during the siege of the White City, and the tale of other battles was traced in jagged runes on his body. It is a wonder that he lived to see this day, Eomer thought grimly. Faramir watched with great interest as, using ink and a tiny brush, the marshal sketched the traditional design—a running horse--on his skin. He stared very closely as Elfhelm held a long needle in the fire to clean it. "Are you certain you would rather not have a big horn on your backside?" Eomer asked, trying to distract him. He thought the man looked a trifle pale. "Now try not to jump. The needle will sting," Elfhelm warned as he made the first stab. Faramir winced; then he glanced uneasily at the needle poking into his skin. "Drink this." Eomer handed him a cup of mead. "You are far too sober to endure this. You need to be drunk. The drunker the better." Faramir took the cup. "Just remember that your sister will someday see whatever you and the good marshal draw on me while I am besotted." Elfhelm looked up from his work. "Why do you not trust us?" "An onion," Eomer said. "Draw a giant onion, right on his--" "However, sire, for my own health and well-being, I will have to tell the lady Eowyn that you ordered me to do it. And now we had better stop making Prince Faramir laugh or this tattoo will have five legs." Two cups of mead later, the drawing was done. While Faramir donned his shirt and tunic, the maidservants brought their supper--berries and cream and good roast mutton and freshly-baked bread. The soldiers, after a long day of riding, stuffed their faces like a pack of starving squirrels. Smoothing the front of her apron, the innkeeper leaned down to speak to Eomer. "Who is that dark-haired man?" she whispered with a sidelong glance toward the steward. "He is most handsomely made." "A new Rider," Eomer told her. She gave him an arch smile. "After the long race, no doubt he is dusty and weary and sorely in need of a bath and a backrub." This innkeeper was well-known for putting comely guests at their ease. When the men had blunted the edge of their hunger, they raised their cups and drank waes hael to their King and also to the new Rider--the overly quiet yet valiant Prince Faramir, slayer of wolves and by far the oldest man to ever ride the long race. The cups were raised again and again. The mead was sweet and strong, and the weary steward's eyes soon grew bright. When the dishes had been cleared away, the innkeeper told them that the bathhouse was ready. "It is part of the tradition to take a steam bath after the race," Eomer told the man of Gondor as he led him to the small hut behind the inn. A tiny stove sat in the middle of the low room, and wooden benches ran around the walls. They stripped off their dusty clothes and boots and left their weapons by the door. With a happy sigh, Faramir lay full length on one of the benches, while Eomer flung some water on the hot stove. "Folk in Dol Amroth also take steam baths. I ought to build a bathhouse like this in Ithilien," Faramir said drowsily, his eye half-closed. Eomer stretched himself out on a bench. The warm cedar wood felt so good against his weary back. "Eowyn would be pleased. She was always fond of the one at Edoras." Then they fell silent, and the only sound was the hissing of the stove. After a while, the door creaked softly, and the innkeeper stole into the room. She bore soft, fluffy towels and a small bottle of sweet-smelling oil to knead into sore muscles. With a wink at Eomer, she leaned over the other man. She ran a hand softly along his cheek. Faramir stirred a little but did not open his eyes. The innkeeper looked up, startled. "What ails him, Eomer King? He is either stone drunk or dead weary." Eomer peered in the man of Gondor's face. "Both, I fear. He is unused to mead for his people do not brew it. He will not wake for hours, so I deem we had best get him to bed." "What a shame. I was so looking forward to working the stiffness out of those shoulders," the innkeeper murmured, her gaze lingering on Faramir's nakedness. She traced the curve of one hip with her fingertips, and she brushed his throat with a light kiss. Then she tore herself away and went to fetch help. " Now he looks like a member of this eored," old Todric muttered as they carried Faramir, wrapped in a blanket, back to a room in the inn. They settled him under the coverlets then snuffed out the lamp. With a last wistful look at the sleeping man, the innkeeper quietly closed the door. "I have been riding since sunrise, and my back is causing me terrible pain," Eomer told her with a smile. "Such pain as I can scarcely bear." Raising an eyebrow, she smiled in return, and taking his hand, she led him to the bathhouse. The End