and she took off in a sprint towards them. She heard someone growl out, "Find the Halfling! Grrr! Find the Halfling!" Then she heard Legolas, "Aragorn, go!" She was getting closer now. How far had she gone? Finally she came upon them, the group of ugly Uruk-Hai. She had the advantage of coming from behind, and she pulled her sword back, and cut one down. Then another. They saw her then, and some of them turned on her. One after another they came. There were so many! She sliced her way through them, one by one. They began running in the opposite direction, and Dúvainiel knew she had to find Frodo. Above all else, she must keep the Ring safe in his hands. She ran through the woods, in the direction of the Uruk-Hai, but far enough away from them that they did not notice her. She was totally focused on finding Frodo. She kept running for the front of the group of Uruk-Hai. Where were they leading? Did they already have Frodo? Suddenly she heard the sound of a horn. Was it Boromir's horn? She turned directions slightly and moved towards it as it sounded again. She ran into the Uruk-Hai once more, and using her sword, began to make her a path through them. Must find Frodo, she thought as she defended herself. Just then an arm came around her neck and jerked her backwards. Her sword fell from her hand and the Uruk-Hai whispered in her ear, "What a pretty little thing." Her hand grasped towards her belt, and she felt for her dagger. Clutching it, she held tightly until he turned her around. Then she pushed the dagger into his stomach. The movement took him by surprise and he let her loose. She fell to her knees and grabbed her sword, and turned it upwards and into him as he attacked her again. She shook him off and pulled her sword out of him. Then she turned back to the rest of the group, most of which were either already dead on the ground, or had run. She followed the path of death until she found Legolas and Gimli finishing off a small group. The three of them moved together in the same direction and came across Aragorn and Boromir. Dúvainiel gasped. Boromir lay on the ground, three arrows stuck in his body, his eyes closed, his chest not moving. He was dead. "They will look for his coming from the White Tower," Aragorn said. "But he will not return." Dúvainiel felt tears falling across her cheeks. Legolas put his hand on her shoulder in a comforting gesture. He looked so sad. The four of them were silent for a time, and then Dúvainiel broke the silence. "Aragorn? What of Frodo?" She reminded him. "Frodo has left," Aragorn replied, looking at the group as he sheathed his sword. "It is the other Hobbits that are in danger now. The Uruk-Hai have taken them." Dúvainiel, Legolas, and Gimli walked over to him, and as he handed Legolas Boromir's sword, Dúvainiel noticed the clear streak on his face where a tear had fallen. Her heart ached for his pain. They watched as he pulled the arrows out of the body, and then picked Boromir up and carried him towards the campsite. The others followed in silence. When they arrived at the campsite, the first thing Dúvainiel noticed was that one of the boats had gone. She looked across the water and saw it. Frodo was not alone. "Aragorn! Sam! Sam is with him!" she exclaimed. Aragorn nodded his head approvingly as he laid Boromir on the ground. Dúvainiel cleaned the cut on Aragorn's arm, and wrapped it in a cloth, and then cleaned up his face. When she was done, she looked at the others, who seemed to be wound-free. Aragorn cleaned the wounds on Boromir, while the rest packed the supplies back up. He took the vambrances off Boromir's arms, and he and Legolas placed the body in a boat. Dúvainiel brought over Boromir's shield, and Gimli handed Aragorn the sword. Aragorn placed them in the boat with Boromir. Beside his body lay the Horn of Gondor, broken in half by an Uruk-Hai. "I Melain berio le ( May the Valar keep you )," Dúvainiel whispered as Aragorn pushed the boat out into the water. Gimli stood by the water and watched until the boat moved over the edge of the falls. Dúvainiel's heart was too saddened to watch. She spent the time putting lembas in her pack. "Hurry! Frodo and Sam have reached the eastern shore," Legolas said as he pushed the last boat into the water. No one said anything and Legolas turned and looked at Aragorn, who was honoring Boromir, by putting on the vambrances. Aragorn then turned and looked at the Hobbits on the other side of the river and sighed. "You mean not to follow them?" Legolas asked, incredulous. "Frodo's fate is no longer in our hands," Aragorn answered. Dúvainiel couldn't believe what he was saying! "Then it has all been in vain," Gimli noted. "The Fellowship has failed." "Not if we hold true to each other," Aragorn replied, placing his hand on Gimli's shoulder. "We will not abandon Merry and Pippin to torment and death. Not while we have strength left. Leave all that can be spared behind. We travel light. Let's hunt some Orc!" Aragorn sheathed his dagger at his waist, and took off sprinting up the hill. Legolas and Gimli grinned madly at each other, and sprinted after him. Dúvainiel looked at them like they were all crazy. "Stupid males," she said under her breath. "Not a one of them took anything but their weapons. I wonder what they plan on eating or sleeping on." She shoved some extra lembas into her pack and then threw the bag over her shoulder. She looked around the campsite, rolled her eyes, then she took off in a sprint after the males.