moon. The prince stood and stretched his back with a sigh. 'I should not complain to you of all people, but this river dampness settles in my bones.' "'You are just getting old,' Lord Boromir said with a sad shake of his head. "Prince Theodred gave a snort of laughter as he walked over to the fire. Sinking onto his heels, he reached a bare hand into the coals and stacked the burning branches. When he saw that I was watching, too terrified to speak, he quickly pulled his hand from the flames. 'You need not be afraid,' he told me in our tongue, 'You will come to no harm. We may be the waking dead, but we are no servants of evil.' "The night grew colder as I lay on the ground, wrapped in the mouldering cloak, and listened to them talk. I could hear the sound of scraping as Lord Boromir pried the oysters from his shield and flung the shells away. Prince Theodred told him about the battle at the ford—the first battle, when he and his men were slain. He paced back and forth as he spoke, often stopping to point at different places in the ford. The man of Gondor asked many questions; but in the end, he simply said, 'You were badly outnumbered, my friend.' And then they spoke of other things. "After a time, the faint sound of hooves echoed in the night. 'Now I must go to ground, like a fox to his den,' Prince Theodred said. 'Old Grimbeorn would know my face, and I fear the surprise would kill him.' "'And I will go with you,' Lord Boromir replied. 'I deem these men might notice when I did not dry out by the fire.' "The prince dropped to one knee beside me. 'We will watch from the ford until we see that your comrades have found you. Keep the cloak; I do not need it.' In the firelight, I could see the jagged rents in his armor. 'Ride to good fortune,' he said as he rose to leave. "'I thank you, my lord,' I managed to whisper. "As they walked toward the ford, I heard Prince Theodred saying, 'Elfhelm had placed his archers behind those trees over there. So when the orcs came pouring into the ford…' His voice trailed off, and I heard Lord Boromir laugh. "Spears at ready, my troop galloped to the bonfire. Old Grimbeorn ordered two men to stand watch; then he swung down from the saddle and hurried to kneel beside me. He pushed aside the cloak to look at my wounds. Once he saw that I had not been gravely hurt, he stared at the gold-embroidered cloth. He lifted a corner of the cloak then quickly dropped it. "'That stranger must have found it in the barrow,' Grimbeorn told the others. 'The need was great, so Prince Theodred will not begrudge us the loan.' Working very swiftly, they took away the musty cloak and wrapped me in some blankets. "The horses needed to rest, so we camped there for the night. When Grimbeorn asked me what had happened, I told him that Prince Theodred and Boromir of Gondor had rescued me from a band of orcs, and then they had sat around the fire cleaning their armor and telling tales. "'Oyster shells?' old Grimbeorn said not unkindly, 'Well, this is a desolate place, and I do not doubt there are ghosts here.' Then he felt my skull for bumps and gave me a drink of brandy. "He guessed that the stranger had bound up my wound and built the fire, but the man of Gondor was nowhere to be found. 'We did not get to thank him, or even learn his name,' Grimbeorn said with some annoyance. "In the morning, they dug a grave for the fallen member of our troop. He was buried on the island in the river; there he could rest with Prince Theodred's men. They left the prince's cloak at the foot of the burial mound. "I sat against a tree and watched as the rest of the troop stowed their gear on the horses. My arm hurt, and I was feeling very downcast. What a weird tale I had told to old Grimbeorn! Those ghosts must have been conjured by a blow to my head, and I hoped that my friends did not think me a fool. "Aldhelm was walking past the embers of the fire when he suddenly stopped and reached down to the ground. 'What is this?' he asked as he held up what looked like a small, white stone. "'Oyster shells,' Grimbeorn said. Frowning, he stared at Prince Theodred's barrow. "When the horses were ready, I was handed up to another rider, for I was too weak to stay in the saddle. My own horse, heavily laden with gear and supplies, would follow closely behind. Then we started our journey back to Helm's Deep. I spent two months in the care of the healers, forbidden to do aught save sleep and play chess. In the spring, after I had returned to the troop, we rode out to the Fords of Isen. It was sunset when we waded to the island and climbed to the top of Prince Theodred's barrow. We carried with us a small keg of ale; the drink was a bit flat, but it was still plenty strong. We raised our cups to lasting friendship and drank to comrades who were gone. A drink of good, strong ale was poured onto the grass for the prince." The boy frowned and reached up to touch his grandfather's sleeve. "But, Ealdfæder , you forgot Lord Boromir!" "No, we would not soon forget him, for we knew we owed him our lives. He had no grassy mound or earthen grave, so I emptied a cup of ale into the river. For it is said that the waters of the Isen flow at last to the sea." The end