sword and looked at the woman carefully. His fingers barely grazed the wound and the red line that had been the barely sealed edge completely ruptured. He didn't even have to glance at the elf to know that he had pulled out the water skin at his side. He handed it to the Ranger and it was carefully emptied over the seeping cut as he pressed against the skin gently. The stinking pus and fluid gushed forward and the woman gave a pained groan. "Where is she from?" Legolas asked in confusion as he examined the shirt. The short sleeves were odd and there was writing on the front that he did not recognize as any language he'd ever seen. It was a vibrant green in color and the lettering was in white. "I know not, mellon nin, " Aragorn replied as he continued to manipulate the flesh around the wound, pushing more and more of the infection out. "Return to the camp and inform Gandalf that we have found a sick and wounded woman. She may simply be injured and lost but she may be a servant of the enemy. He will know the words on her clothes." Blood had begun to mingle with the infected fluid and that let the ranger know that he'd drained most of it out. He'd not even noticed that Legolas had left until he returned with the wizard and Frodo. The solemn hobbit looked at the woman with concern while Gandalf gazed upon the woman with narrowed eyes. The lettering on the woman's shirt was confusing and in no tongue he'd ever seen before, which he related to the gathered group. Aragorn frowned but continued to concentrate on his work. Once he was satisfied that no more pus would emerge, he poured a little more water over the inflamed flesh and realized that small pieces of wood were stuck in the cut. Using his nails and a dagger, he managed to remove them. Legolas approached silently with a sprig of a plant, Aethelas, and he stuck some in his mouth. He chewed it carefully and then spread the chewed up plant over the wound. The woman hadn't stirred from her fevered sleep even once while he tended to the wound. Aragorn noticed that there was a shredded piece of cloth that had laid discarded to the side and it was soaked with the infection he'd just relieved. She'd tried to tend the wound herself at some point and had failed to prevent an infection. The small group had watched him work silently, Gandalf in particular frowning and considering what he was seeing. "Should we take her back to the camp?" Frodo asked quietly. "She may be a servant of the enemy," Legolas warned. He was sympathetic to her situation but his first priority was the safety of their group. "We do not know what she might be," Aragorn replied as he bound her arm, "but we cannot leave her here to die without answers to this question." 0o0o0o0 She was aware of voices around here and warmth radiating from a source in front of her. Orange light danced up from the darkness she'd been ensconced in for so long and played across her eyelids. Danielle's skin felt clammy and her breath was slightly labored. Nausea rolled through her at the smell of something cooking nearby. Cooking? Did I leave something on the stove? Oh, crap. I hope I didn't start a fire. The landlord would kill me if I did something that stupid, she thought as she began to move. A groan of pain fell from her as she realized that her left arm was bound tightly and pain radiated from there. The nausea became more intense and as she tried to move, she realized that she was too weak to get far. Somehow, she had liquid in her stomach and she remembered suddenly that she'd been lost in the forest for quite some time without water. Someone had obviously tended to this problem and now her body was rejecting it. With her eyes barely open, she crawled away from the blanket she was laid out on and moaned when the desire to empty her stomach became more intense. She registered that it was night, that there was a fire and the ground beneath her was covered in rich soil and leaves. She'd gotten about a foot away from the blanket when she couldn't contain herself any longer. Bile and water with some green crushed herbs spewed from her mouth and nose. Chills raced through her as she heaved again, someone gently holding her hair away from her face. With one final roll of the stomach, she felt the relief her body sought and rolled to the side. Someone took a cool cloth and wiped her forehead and then her face. Strong arms picked her up and laid her back in the spot she'd awakened in. A masculine voice spoke to her but she didn't understand the words. Her eyes tried to focus on the speaker. He was ruggedly handsome with dark hair and grey eyes. Stubble dominated his jaw and there were slight smudges of dirt on his skin. He spoke again, repeating his words more slowly with a slight frown. "What...?" she asked. The frown deepened and he turned to the side, speaking to someone. Her head lolled to that direction, feeling dizzy from the movement. There was a group of men around a fire that she'd been set near. The man in the grey robes and tall pointed hat responded to the query. He turned blue eyes to her and spoke in that same language. "I don't... understand," she mumbled as she looked at the gathered faces. Am I hallucinating? Does that guy have pointed ears? she wondered hazily as she stared at the tall blond. "Hey... he has pointy ears... did you know that?" Danielle promptly closed her eyes and fell back to the comforting darkness she'd risen from.