celebration. Since I resumed my duties I have not been able to spend much time with her, but besides that I feel she needs a woman to show her the way of things here. The customs of Rohan and those of Gondor differ in many ways. Éowyn is outspoken and ... unlike many ladies. I would not have her embarrassed or looked upon with derision.' 'I would have thought any lady would be grateful for her part in saving us and not even think of deriding her,' Lothíriel retorted. But then she thought of Mildis and realized that some ladies could probably be spiteful when they gossiped together. Faramir smiled. 'I knew you would feel that way. And you have entry everywhere besides commanding respect for the position you hold, which is why I thought you were the person to steer her through these next few weeks. Once King Éomer joins her I'm sure she will be confident of her position here.' Lady Éowyn's comfort certainly seemed important to him. Lothíriel squeezed his arm affectionately. 'If you think that a shield-maiden of Rohan and a Gondorian princess are likely to get on, then I will be happy to do my best to make her feel at ease in the city.' 'Good, I had no doubt you would, Lothíriel. Thank you. Shall we go now?' Lothíriel nodded, but at that moment there was a knock at the door. 'Lord Húrin wishes to speak to you urgently, lord,' the scribe said as he poked his head around the door. Faramir sighed, his lips clamping together in annoyance. Lothíriel put her hand over his. 'I can find Lady Éowyn. I am sure she knows I am coming.' 'Yes, of course. I told her when your message came. You will probably find her in the garden at this hour.' 'Then I will not take you from your duties, Cousin. I will see you at supper tonight.' Her mother had invited him and she would be able to report on her meeting with Lady Éowyn. Faramir kissed her on the cheek, and Lothíriel gave him a quick hug before she turned to go out the door. She passed Lord Húrin, who nodded a greeting before he flew into Faramir's room. She heard him launch into some complaint to do with horse-dung before she hurried away down the passage. Once she left Faramir's study, Lothíriel went down the back stairs to avoid passing through the Hall of Kings, for she always thought it a cold, somber place. Crossing the Place of the Fountain she let her thoughts linger on the conversation with her cousin – surely she was not imagining Faramir's excessive interest in the Lady Éowyn's welfare. Why this should be she had no idea. Was the lady so difficult that he needed to make such extreme efforts to keep her happy? Lothíriel sighed; whatever had she let herself in for? Well, she would soon know as once she left the tunnel it only took a few minutes to reach the main door of the Healing Houses. Her enquiries told her, as Faramir had said, that Lady Éowyn had gone out to walk in the garden. There were not many green places in the City of Stone; unusually her father's house had a spreading tree in the courtyard and room for a few flowers and herbs. But large open spaces spread around the Healing Houses and had been tended devotedly for years uncounted. The gardens offered a retreat for those recuperating from illness or injury as well as providing herbs and flowers for the making of medicines and salves. Lothíriel took a deep breath as she left the dim interior of the central passage and stepped out into the bright light. The fragrance made her nose twitch, so many perfumes joined to produce a heady scent of foliage and flowers. Now – she looked around – where would the Lady Éowyn be? On impulse she headed along the rose walk, where there were no blooms yet, but the glossy leaves arched over her head, hiding her from the sun that had elbowed its way between the scurrying clouds. Beyond the rose walk a greensward sloped down to the wall, and as she had hoped a woman stood in one of the embrasures looking out towards the Ephel Dúath. Tall, she could see immediately, and of course blond, her hair hung down her back like a cascade of molten gold. But Lothíriel had not been expecting Lady Éowyn to be so slim. Somehow she had imagined her to be...brawny. After all, one needed strength to wield a sword, and as for chopping off the head of a monstrous bird... At that moment, although surely she had not made a sound, Lady Éowyn turned abruptly and Lothíriel almost gasped. Wan and sad she looked, but beautiful. Lady Éowyn was utterly beautiful, her fine bone structure and proud carriage a witness to the Númenorean heritage of her grandmother. Lothíriel bowed her head. 'Lady Éowyn, I am pleased to meet you. I am...' 'I know who you are,' Lady Éowyn interrupted. 'You have the look of Faramir.' Cold grey eyes surveyed her critically. 'I told him I didn't need you here, and I don't.' 'He said...' 'I don't care what he said. I am staying here until my brother comes and I don't require an escort to show me around the city.' Rude woman! When she had come all this way. Lady Éowyn might be a heroine, but that did not give her the right to be so discourteous. Batting down the sharp rejoinders that came to mind, Lothíriel merely nodded. 'Then I will bid you good morning, Lady Éowyn. I have no wish to force my presence on you.' Pivoting swiftly on her heel, Lothíriel headed back across the grass. To be continued With grateful thanks to Lialathuveril for her expert beta. And also to the ladies of the Garden of Ithilien workshop for their helpful comments. LBJ