else was I supposed to do?" Elrond asked ire creaping into his voice. "Not leave him!" Elrohir said angrily. "He needs reassurance, not to be left on his own. You know him, he can be stupid when he's in a mood." "He's not in a mood," Elrond said quickly. "He just found out he's carrying the fate of the world on his shoulders," Elrohir said wondering what on earth had possessed Elrond to leave his Estel. "Wouldn't you be in a mood?" "He wanted to be on his own," Elrond said flatly. "I will respect his wishes and you should too, when he has calmed down we will talk to him." Elladan and Elrohir exchanged worried glances but did as their father told them and followed him back into the dining room. After a long and grueling argument with his sons Elrond had gone in search of Estel only to find the boy in the last place he looked even though it was one of the most obvious. Estel was standing in front of the masterpiece depicting the moment that Isildur had cut the ring from Sauron's finger. The human in the painting was pressed back into a rocky wall, brandishing a broken sword as the demon advanced upon him. Behind Estel a stone elf woman held the shards of that very sword on a tray covered with velvet. Elrond walked silently up behind the boy, noticing the way he bit his lip and clutched the leather pouch in one hand. Estel's eyes were filled with sadness and his forehead was creased in concentration. "It means more to you this time does it not?" he asked softly recalling a time when Estel had simply deemed the painting nothing of interest. Back then he had wanted nothing to do with the fresco painted on the wall now he seemed unable to take his eyes of it. Estel did not answer just stared memorizing the painting. It was his history now, not just a well painted picture. It was part of him; the man depicted in the painting was his ancestor the same blood ran in his veins, the same weakness... "I do not know how to feel about it," he answered finally tearing his gaze away from the painting, turning away and walking over to the shards of Narsil looking at the blade before tentatively lifting the hilt and what was left of theswordattached to it. He swallowed hard. "This is the sword of a king," he looked at itslowly tilting the blade so that it caught the moonlight the runes upon thesword shining pale silver. Turning away heplaced the blade carefully back down and Elrond noticed a glimmer of respect pass across the humans face. "Something which I am not." "Something which you will be," Elrond said quietly. "The path of destiny is never easy but-" "Destiny!" Estel exploded. "My destiny is so clearly paved in stone and I want nothing to do with it! The only reason I would ever be proud of my lineage is because it means that some of the blood in me is the same as that which flows through your own veins. At least in some way I am related to you. But I hold no respect for my ancestors. They could have rid the world of darkness forever but they did not, what honor is there in that? It was Isildur's weakness that drove him toit and the same weakness is in me! It runs through my veins with his wretched blood and if I could I would draw it out, but I cannot." He paused staring at the painting. "You were there you saw it take him. I do not want my destiny. I do not want to be remembered as he is." There was a terrible fire behind the sadness in the human's eyes and his words were sharp as a double edged blade. It was not that Estel was not proud of who he was, it was that he was suddenly afraid. There would be a time when the world would look to him and he would be tested like all those who had fallen before him, why should he be any different? "Estel," Elrond said placing a hand on his son's shoulder. "Be young, you have your whole life left ahead of you. Do not let one thing spoil it. When the time comes destiny has a way of creeping up on you and before you know it you'll be walking its path. You cannot run from such a thing. Do not worry about how it will come about, do not worry about how you will fair on your judgment day just live your life now and let everything work itself out. People make mistakes, no one can blame you for that, and after all you are only human." A smile graced the boy's lips and his face softened his eyes shining. "And you know we'll always be here for you don't you?" Elrond asked the boy. "Your brothers and I. We're not leaving you for a long while yet, and by then you won't even notice that we've gone. The path of destiny is not one that has to be walked alone." "I'm glad to hear it," Estel said beaming. He looked down at the pouch tipping the ring out and slipping it onto his finger; it was a perfect fit. He looked at it tilting his hand slightly so that it caught the light. "I tried to throw this into the river," he said sadly. "But I couldn't." Elrond gave him a sad smile. "Do not bother yourself with being Aragorn," He said as he and his son walked back to join Elladan, Elrohir and Glorfindel in one of the large lounges of his house. "You can be our Estel for a little while longer." This has been edited since the Teitho contest and it is better, although not by much. Love it? Hate it? Please review!