am out of practice and if we are going to have more than a few words I will find the common speech easier.' 'Ah,' said the Gondorian, 'but the easy way is not always the best.' 'I suppose not,' Éomer agreed. 'But there is scant contact between our realms now, so speaking Sindarin does not seem so important as when my mother made me learn it.' 'It is a pity,' the Gondorian said, smiling at him. 'But I am remiss, we have not introduced ourselves. I am Faramir, son of Denethor.' He bowed again. The Steward's son. He might have guessed. Éomer inclined his head. 'I am Éomer, son of Éomund.' Faramir's brows drew together in thought. 'That makes you King Théoden's nephew.' 'It does. You are very well informed, lord.' 'I try to know as much as possible about the world around me,' Faramir answered. 'But now you must excuse me, I had better take this fine fellow back to his stall or I shall be late for the meal and my father abhors tardiness.' He led the horse across the court to an open stall. Éomer hurried to where he knew Fleetfoot was housed and of course his horse was waiting expectantly, having heard his voice. He petted his friend, feeding him a piece of apple he had saved. When he turned away he saw that Faramir was waiting for him. 'Shall we walk up together?' Faramir asked. 'I am going to eat in the mess-hall,' Éomer told him. Faramir frowned. 'But I am sure you will be welcome at my father's table.' 'So I have been told, lord. But I am here only as a rider in Captain Elfhelm's éored, and a very junior one at that. I need to establish myself, not show how different I am.' 'A wise head on young shoulders indeed,' Faramir said with a smile. 'I applaud you. But come, we can still walk a ways together.' They went out into the street where the shadows were longer, the sun sinking over the shoulders of Mount Mindolluin. 'I assume that the noble families live on this level,' Éomer remarked. 'It is very quiet, so different from the lower areas of the city.' 'Yes, there are only a few houses, mostly belonging to those whose lineage goes back to the founding of Gondor. And farther on,' Faramir pointed down the street past the Healing Houses, 'is the closed door which leads to the Hallows where the past Kings and Stewards of Gondor are interred. That alone makes it quite quiet,' he said with a wry smile. 'I imagine so,' Éomer agreed with a laugh . 'I walked along some way in that direction. Mostly to enjoy the view and the greenery. On my walk I noticed a large dwelling with a device over the door, it was a ship and a swan. Who does that belong to?' 'Ahh... that house belongs to my uncle, Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth. He is the lord of Belfalas, the largest of our Southern Fiefs.' 'Oh, of course.' Éomer said, feeling a bit stupid. 'I should have known that, but somehow it had slipped my mind.' Faramir laughed. 'I imagine a young Rohir has more important things to learn about than the devices of far-away princes.' So was the mischievous child a princess? He smiled. 'Aside from anything else I should have remembered because I am sure Théoden King once mentioned something about my grandmother being distantly connected to the House of Dol Amroth.' Faramir nodded.' I believe that might be right, although it would be a tenuous connection only. But anyway, you have something in common perhaps more dear to your heart, as Imrahil has always favoured cavalry warfare and leads a highly trained company of Swan-knights.' 'So I understand; and I now recall that my uncle also told me that the Prince bought some of our horses many years ago. The men of Belfalas must fight the corsairs by land and sea.' 'That is true. Imrahil's eldest son is a fair way to following his father in his preference for fighting from horseback, but his second son, Erchirion, has the sea in his blood and recently joined his first ship. But with your shared love of horses,' Faramir went on, 'you would no doubt enjoy talking to my uncle. Unfortunately though, he is back in Dol Amroth and only his young daughter, my cousin Lothíriel, together with my Aunt Ivriniel and her husband, are in residence at the moment.' His face broke into a fond smile. 'Lothíriel is sweet child, but she is a bit of a handful and leads my aunt a merry dance.' Lothíriel? A pretty name, and one he would remember. He touched his heart where the pendant lay hidden, hoping again for her sake that her brothers stayed safe. Faramir told him a bit more about Dol Amroth and the Prince's cavalry, but by this time they had reached the lamp-lit tunnel and they hurried up, neither wanting to be late. Faramir acknowledged the salute of the guards, and stopped a few feet past them. 'This is where we part for the present, unless you have changed your mind and would like to come with me.' Éomer shook his head. 'Thank you, but no. My place is with my fellow Riders.' 'Then I hope we meet again, but in the morning I will be off on that new horse of mine to the outposts, so it will not be for a while.' Éomer bowed. 'I will be gone soon, lord. But tell me, what are you going to name your new horse?' 'I will think on it overnight,' Faramir said. 'Perhaps something akin to Rohan's Pride .' Éomer laughed. He liked this serious, grey-eyed, young man and he liked Faramir's boisterous little cousin. He wondered if he would feel the same about the rest of the family and if he would ever have the chance to meet them. To be continued.