need a good spanking." Elladan said smiling mischievously. "And after I am done with him, I will be coming after you." I replied. "I am not an elfling." Elladan stated and raised his chin. "I am a lord, and I shall be treated as such. It is improper to suggest such a thing to one as old as I." "Do you think that I did not get a few spankings when I was younger? Princess of the Dorian or not, my father had no problem taking me over his knee." I said. "What you are does not matter in the least." "Well, it should." Elladan said crossing his arms. "Perhaps." I said smirking. "Now, what do you say for a little wager?" The twins paled as they rolled over the possibilities of what the wager would entail. "You both will allow Glorfindel and I…" I paused for dramatic effect and was amused when they both swallowed heavily. "to teach you how to properly fight." They let out a breath at the same time. "If you do not listen to our instructions, we will do as I mentioned earlier. How much you disregard our instructions will determine whether or not you are able to keep your leggings on during the punishment." I heard Glorfindel stifling his laughter beside me, and he had to place a hand over his mouth to do so. Elladan and Elrohir both looked enraged. "Such a humiliating punishment should not be given to us if he make mistakes." Elladan all but growled. "Then I suppose you better do your best, yes?" "And what if we do not make any mistakes?" Elrohir piped up. That seems highly unlikely, but I suppose I can humor them. "You may choose if you wish." Elladan and Elrohir started whispering between each other. I looked to Glorfindel who now wore a worried expression on his face. I wonder what that is about. Was he worried about what the twins would choose? In all honesty, there wasn't much chance that they would be able to take direction all too well so I was not worried. I was snapped out of my thoughts when Elladan began talking. "We have come to a decision." "And it is?" I asked. "If we do not make any mistakes, you will walk around in the dress that you received from the kingdom of Rohan as a gift for one whole day." A dress? That didn't seem too bad! Wait a minute! The dress from Rohan? I groaned inwardly as I remembered the dress that was a gift from the king of Rohan. It was one of the dresses that some of the dancers of the court wore when they were entertaining. It was in no way modest. To begin with, it was two pieces, and it only covered the important bits. It was, perhaps, the most immodest piece of clothing that was ever made. I pinched the bridge of my nose and sighed. "Deal." I said as I looked at both of them. Their eyes lit up, and Glorfindel grabbed my arm. "Do you think that is a good idea?" He whispered. "The Lord and Lady of Lorien will be here this evening." "Do you really think that they will make no mistakes?" I asked with a smile. "The two can't take direction. I am not worried about it at all." Glorfindel raised an eyebrow at me but said nothing. "Shall we begin, my lords? The sooner this is over, the less your bottoms will hurt by the time Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel arrive." I said. Both smirked at me and nodded. Such devils! Did they really think that I was going to lose? Both of them unsheathed their swords and took a fighting stance. I circled them and evaluated their stances. Elladan's feet were too close together, and I kicked them apart slightly. I saw the look of alarm that flashed across his face. "Do not worry. That was a free correction." I chuckled. "Glorfindel, do you have any corrections to make?" "Their stances are fine, but they are both a little stiff." He said. "I want you both to take a deep breath and let the tension melt away. It's a good technique for when you need to slow your heart rate before a battle. The excitement can be just as much of a killer as a sword itself. Excitement makes you sloppy and careless. Those are two things that you do not want to be in battle." I said. I took a step backward and motioned for them to start. Elrohir was the first to swing, and to my surprise, Elladan was a graceful as a cat as he maneuvered his body away from the impending blow. There was nothing sloppy about it at all. In fact, it was a perfect step. Elladan was the next to strike, but Elrohir blocked the blow as sparks showered down as their blades clashed. I looked over to Glorfindel who was trying not to smirk but was failing. However, his eyes did appear to look apologetic if that was possible. Strike after strike was blocked with perfect precision. After what seemed like hours, I motioned for them to stop. I had been tricked, and now, I was going to have to parade around in the skimpiest dress imaginable while we had visitors. Elrohir and Elladan turned to me with a smile, and I groaned. "You should have known not to make a deal with them, Ileana. They are tricksters." Glorfindel said laughing. I opened my mouth to speak, but Elladan stopped me. "You are not thinking of going back on your word, are you, Ileana?" I shook my head. "My pride will not allow me to do such a thing. I will proudly wear the dress." Goodness, Ileana! What have you gotten yourself into? I stalked off to my room with a frown. There was no way that I was going to go back on my word.