"I do not believe he is dead, but he is certainly not with us at this time. Nor will he return." "Where did he go, Lord?" "To the Undying Lands. To Tol Eressëa." Prince Imrahil felt a shock run through him. "The Valar allowed a mortal to come to the Undying Lands?" "They have permitted two to go--the Ringbearer and his kinsman Bilbo who carried the Ring before him." "But, why?" It took a few moments for Aragorn to answer him. "It was in part in response to the plea made to them by my beloved Arwen--and confirmed by her father. And I am certain that Mithrandir had a hand in it, as well. You cannot believe what bearing the Enemy's Ring did to him, Imrahil. He was so hurt by it, so--emptied." He took a drink of his wine to give himself time to steady himself, then set the goblet precisely on the table, focused on its stem. "Frodo Baggins, son of Drogo and kinsman to Bilbo, was one of the most unusual beings I have ever dealt with in my ninety years in Middle Earth. As I once told Sam, he drew honor and loyalty to him as a lodestone draws fragments of iron. He brought out the best in almost everyone he ever met." Again he paused. "Including me." Carefully turning the goblet, he finally continued. "I first heard of him in Imladris from his elderly cousin Bilbo, who found the Ring in a cavern in the Misty Mountains, saving it from discovery from goblins there which assuredly would have sped it on its way to the Enemy had they found it first. Bilbo was devoted to Frodo, and often told me his young adopted heir was the best Hobbit in the Shire. His love for Frodo was deep and pure, and then I learned that Mithrandir felt the same for him. Gandalf told me Frodo inspired loyalty to an amazing degree, that those who came to know him well loved him intensely, and bound themselves to him. And then I actually saw him, saw the Light burning within Frodo Baggins on the road to Bree, outside the Old Forest and the Barrowdowns. And I found myself binding myself to him as well. "You saw the loyalty shown him by his cousins and by Sam. You saw how anyone seeking to approach him had to get past Legolas and Gimli--and me. You saw how Mithrandir kept watch over him constantly. You saw the constant concern we all felt for him as he was recovering." The Prince of Dol Amroth nodded. "I would not be the person I am today if it hadn't been for his Light burning away my habit of disguising myself. Of course, the only way I survived for most of my life was by remaining hidden--first as Estel of Imladris, then as Thorongil of Rohan and Gondor, then as Strider in Eriador. But I couldn't accept the Winged Crown by being any less than what I am--the heir of Elendil and Isildur of the Line of Elros, the Dúnadan, bearer of the Star of Elendil and his sword as well as the Elessar stone. And it was in traveling with Frodo, who always called me by my rightful name, Aragorn, that I began to put aside all the disguises, to proclaim myself as I am. "I would have gone with him into the fires of Orodruin, but he left us to spare the rest of us the temptation to which Boromir had come so close to succumbing. Always he tried to give himself for others. Always." He took another sip of his wine, and then sat, looking down into the goblet, once again turning it between his fingers. He finally looked up into his companion's eyes. "Healing someone ties you to him in a unique way. And--I helped heal him in Eriador, in Imladris, between Moria and Lothlorien, and finally after the battle. Except in none of those healings was I--were we--totally successful. For we could not fully counter the effects of the Enemy's weapons. Only the Valar can fully heal him, I fear. He was willing to cast himself into the Cracks of Doom for us all, but we could not relieve him of his pain." He paused again, looked off. "It's so foolish--he was stabbed by a Morgul blade and came within a hair's breadth of becoming a wraith himself; he was poisoned by the great spider in Cirith Ungol; he was beaten by orcs; he was taken by the Ring itself; he lost Ring and finger; he was overcome on the slopes of Mount Doom by starvation, lack of drink, weakness, and the poison of the air--and he says he cannot imagine what the rest survived!" He closed his eyes and shook his head. Imrahil looked on his liege with compassion. "I did not know just how deeply he was hurt." "Merry wrote me that they've learned his heart had begun to fail him, and each anniversary of his woundings he grew steadily worse. He should have been on the ship to Elvenhome during the last anniversary, and Sam was not certain he'd survive even accompanied as he was by the Lord Elrond, the Lady Galadriel, and Mithrandir." "So, Mithrandir has left Middle Earth indeed?" "Yes. I begged him to stay and rule us all, but he said to do so would only serve to make him Middle Earth's next tyrant." He looked again into his companion's eyes. "I want to do a proper memorial for Frodo son of Drogo." "And you think to get it from the mannikin?" "Those who tried to picture Frodo from life failed. Perhaps by studying Frodo as seen by others as he did with my portrait this Ruvemir can find a way to do a sculpture that feels more real than the portraits so inadequately done by the artists of Minas Tirith." The Prince considered. "It is at least worth the trying, don't you agree?"