of the narrowed dark blue eyes made Aragorn want to howl as Legolas purred. "Yes, Estel?" "I cannot…." Pant…. "Continue if you keep up this lovely torture…." "Yes, you are an old man after all, very well…" Aragorn could have sobbed with relief as he pushed himself on all fours. "Tut tut, Aragorn, on your back my love." The man did really groan and quite loudly too. Legolas chuckled softly and helped to ease the man on his back. "Soon you can be on all fours like you want, Estel, but right now; there are spots I find that I must properly pay attention to so that you may sing to me." Aragorn's eyes went wide but the man could not find it in himself to struggle as Legolas kissed him and then leaned down to suck at his neck. The man withered, moaning and groaning, small sounds of pleasure leaving his parted lips. His nipples were pinched, sucked and bitten in rapid succession as hands slid over his side. He did not have the energy to even lift his arms to try and give some of the sensations back to his husband but he had a feeling that Legolas would not allow it. The bond between their minds was wide open and Aragorn was aroused further by the possessiveness of Legolas' thoughts and the arousal the elf felt all too keenly in his own body. Mine, all mine! Completely Never sharing and you only respond to my touch in such a way. I never had a lover before who enjoyed my touch quite like you do. Beautiful Estel. Not even the bards of old could sing about your beauty for you are most delicious to me The man moaned, his lips parted as he sought for his release but Legolas only quickly darted around his groin as Aragorn's balls tightened dangerously in order to prepare himself for his release. "Do not dare!" Legolas command sternly, catching Aragorn completely off guard. You will come when I tell you to come The very surprised man could only nod his consent as he heard the possessive edge in his mate's voice. Legolas had never spoken to him in such a manner and it made Aragorn feel good somehow. He reveled into it and then the elf said sternly. "Turn on your hands and knees." Their lovemaking had always been very gentle but secretly Aragorn sometimes found himself longing for the days when they were in the wild and young and they would make love endlessly, coming home with twigs, leaves and sand in strange places and bumps and bruises that they would rather not explain to the healers and with one heated glance, one could set the other off to hurriedly depart for their rooms. Usually these days they were too tired and too busy to fulfill fantasies so Aragorn hastily turned himself. He knew he would have the burns to show for it tomorrow but he didn't care, it had been far too long since Legolas last had been rough with him. "Brace yourself." The elf instructed and Aragorn dug his palms firmly into the rug. He placed his knees a bit further apart and ducked his head. His cock was still rock hard and dripping onto the rug but Aragorn was surprised when he felt Legolas' fingers carefully push in. He glanced back to see the dark blue eyes as his husband said. "I will not do this without preparing you first. It must have been so long since I last took you for you are so tight." Aragorn swallowed deeply, good lord, Legolas was on fire tonight. It had been a very long time since it had been this intense. He rocked a little bit forward on his knees and hands as he felt the fingers curl within him. He chanted his lover's name within his mind, knowing that he would not lose as easily this way. He would not come before the time was right and… The fingers withdrew and Aragorn released a small yelp when Legolas suddenly pushed himself ball's deep within his body. Normally the elf took it easy but this time with one trust and Legolas was sheathed in his body. "Ready?" Aragorn did not trust himself to speak so he simply let out a throaty groan and Legolas chuckled, the sound vibrating through Aragorn's mind. The large hands on his hips kept him steady and then Legolas began to trust, shallowly at first, almost tentative and Aragorn growled in a tight voice. "Pick up the pace." "Your wish is my command." His elf merely hissed through clenched teeth as the fingers curled around Aragorn's hip and the fingernails dug in sharply. Aragorn was aware that he was rocking backwards and forwards that his knees were being rubbed raw on the rug and the pounding of Legolas' member deep within him, but he did not care as his elf hit that special spot within him time and time again, sending waves of intense pleasure through his body. He lost all track of time, reason, voice and place as he hissed, growled, moaned, groaned, panted and screamed as a hand wrapped itself around his cock. His arms burned with the strain of holding himself up but it was all blinded when with a hoarse war like cry he climaxed, muscles clenching in the last spasm and it literally send Legolas over the edge as with a loud cry of Aragorn's name, the elf empties himself deep within Aragorn's body. Legolas collapsed on top of Aragorn as the man's trembling arms finally gave out. They lay panting, arms tangled and body fluids mingling. Legolas lazily kissed Aragorn's neck as he asked. "Was that a rest you agreed with?" "It was not much of a rest." The man murmured sleepily. Even while Aragorn was too tired to say it, it had been the best 'rest' of his life. The end. I hoped you liked it. Review of course.