him. I heard one mother telling her bairn that this was just a statue of a Hobbit dad and his daughter." Sam gave a grunting laugh. "I've heard that one so many times over the years--and once by old Odo Proudfoot tellin' that to his great granddaughter Cyclamen. Now, if that wasn't a shock to hear. Cyclamen knew well enough as she was the lass in the statue and that it was her cousin Frodo's lap as she was sittin' on. Odo couldn't of missed as it was Frodo's face as he was lookin' at. Last time as he went to the Fair--died a month later, sittin' on the stoop, his pipe in his hand." "Does Master Ruvemir still make statues for the King, do you think?" asked Dahlia. Sam's face grew sad, for he'd truly liked the stunted Man. "No, Master Ruvemir died a few years past, there in Gondor in Minas Anor, in the Houses of Healin'. Lord Strider hisself carried him there, was by him till he took his last breath. Told me last time as I seen him that each time he must lose a close friend it gets harder, though he knows in time he'll find us all again." He looked up and out the window that looked over the garden, his eyes thoughtful. "Got many of the advantages of bein' of Elven blood, he has, but some of the disadvantages as well. Has to watch so many of us go ahead of him, know he has to wait years till he'll come where we'll be waitin'." Lily found herself trading glances with her mother, then watching her father. Her dad was watching her grandfather with a good deal of concern, realizing that the day Sam must leave Bag End and the Shire loomed ever closer now. Then she looked at her grandmother, and saw the compassion and surprising serenity in Rose Gamgee's face as she looked at her beloved husband. Two days later Frodo, Lily, and the four children who lived at home yet set off in the wagon for Michel Delving, calling out that they'd look for the arrival of the patriarchs of the clan on Midsummer Day. Shortly after they left, Silman Chubbs arrived and spoke with both Sam and Rosie, gave each a brief yet nonetheless thorough examination, and then sat them down in the parlor for a talking to. "You're both getting on in years," he commented. "Unfortunately, that's not something as I can do much about. Can't say as how long either of you has, but it probably won't be all that much longer--maybe a few months--even a few weeks; maybe a few years yet. There's no saying. But you shouldn't ought to try staying on your own, you realize. If one of you should fall and break a hip or something like it could be very serious." Sam and Rosie traded glances. "Hadn't thought of the possibility of that," Sam said slowly. Silman sighed and gave a nod. "I'll stop and talk to Hamfast as I go down the Hill, have him arrange for one of the family to stay with you while Frodo and his family are gone to the Free Fair. Are you going, too?" "We're drivin' over in a trap in a few days time." "Glad as you're wise enough not to try to ride, Mr. Sam, sir," Silman said with some approval. "But you should be fine for that." After he left, Sam went out and sat on the bench by the front door, feeling somewhat resentful and unsettled. This, he realized, was part of what Frodo had felt his last couple years in the Shire--the knowledge he was diminished and would lose more before it was all over. Although it was worse for Frodo, knowing that he'd come to this point long before a Hobbit ought to begin fading. He'd never known the joys and pleasures of marriage and seeing his children born and grown. He'd never grumbled over the yards and yards of cloth that must be purchased to see his family decently clothed at the same time in his heart he felt such pride to have so wonderful a set of children needing to be clad. Sam took a deep, sighing breath, and felt the catch in his chest that he knew well enough indicated he was indeed coming closer and closer by the day to the end. He looked out at the Shire below him under the slanting light of the afternoon Sun, and found himself almost overwhelmed by longing again, the longing to go the quays of the Grey Havens and step aboard that grey ship that would take him in search of his Master. At last he rose and went inside. (I) (I) (I) He woke on the morning of Midsummer and felt as if something were missing. What it could be he couldn't say. He sat up and looked down where Rosie lay beside him, and he smiled and reached out to her--only to discover that as she'd slept Rosie Cotton Gamgee Gardner had slipped out of her body and begun her own journey West. No breath lifted that gentle bosom; no warmth radiated from her hand; no blood stirred in her cheek. He looked up and briefly felt he saw her looking back at him, from there near the hearth where the little statue of Frodo sitting on the bench by the door sat. You're free now to seek him out, Samwise Gamgee. Use well the days, and then come to me, both of you. Remember what I told you as I wanted, love. Shocked and bereft once again in his life, Sam remained sitting in the bed, looking toward where her image had faded. "Gaffer?" called Hamfast from the doorway. "When shall I go and fetch the trap?" "Send to Michel Delving, and have whoever's there come home," Sam said, his voice surprisingly calm, he thought, listening to himself. "Have them come. Your gammer's died."