so I began again, and he released a soft sound of comfort. "And of course he did it," Boromir now said. "He spanked you every other day for a week." "You know Aragorn." "Aye." He groaned. "I know him. And of course he did." "And I never did that enormous naughty thing again." He made a sound of disgust. "How I hate that wretched 'n' word!" I laughed. "Aye. It is a wretched word. But there are few others that sound like it and mean exactly what it means. It carries a distinctive power, little brother. It does make one squirm within." He made the same disgusted noise. "Well, I suppose it applies well here. Punching Aragorn!" "He did have a sweetly swollen jaw." Boromir laughed. "I imagine Halbarad took note." "Aye, Aragorn took a little teasing from him, I think, the next day. But, after I had run off, Aragorn had not gone back to camp. He had waited a while to see if I would return, and when enough time had gone by, he secured my weapons under a shrub and went to lie in wait for me. He knew I would do just what I did, check the camp for him first, then assume he was on watch. There was only one approach to the watch point, and that was where he waited for me." "Oh, vile, clever Ranger." Boromir snickered. "Aye. Few things escape Aragorn's eye, or his insight. He told me later that he had known what Gwin and I were about all along, although he had not known the particulars. He had been observing us since early in the evening when Gwin's secretive manner had alerted him to possible elvish mischief. Then he had bid Garrick take his watch and Aragorn had left my side as usual, as though heading for the watch point, setting me up for my own naughty fall, so to speak. It worked of course. He and Halbarad waited until Gwin and I slipped away, then they set off right behind us." "This Halbarad sounds like quite the loyal warrior." I nodded. "He is that, little brother. Devoted to Aragorn, as are all the Rangers. But Halbarad . . . ." I paused and gazed off, unwilling to go into all these relationships at the moment. It was late and my little brother had enough to learn about Aragorn and me now without bringing all our Rangering years with Hal and Gwin and Garrick and Devon into view. There would be plenty of time in the weeks ahead for more. "Halbarad is like a father to Aragorn in many ways. I am certain you shall meet him sometime." "I would like that, and to meet all of the Grey Company!" I laughed softly at his boyishness again and glanced down at him. "I hope you are not disappointed in my story." Boromir turned his head to look up at me, clearly surprised. "Disappointed?" "It was funnier when I told you about it before, that day by the river when we first talked." He grinned at the memory, then turned back around and yawned. "It was funny that day because you became so excited in the telling. But I liked this long story even better. I like hearing the details, and thinking of the two of you and your bond that goes back so far." I laced my fingers through Boromir's hair, thinking over my story. Although I had remembered each particular, I had not spoken them all aloud. Some things were left private between Aragorn and me. But I had spoken the important points in full, and that had been more than enough. And it had been a satisfying thing to do, sitting here beneath the silent stars, sharing a memory with this complicated young man who had sought me out on a night of sad difficulties, wanting to hear more of this story about Aragorn and me. It was incredibly touching. Something elusive danced in my mind, a ticklish sensation that there was a greater purpose to all this waiting to be noticed and seized. I narrowed my eyes, running back over the last words in my story . . . . "Legolas, I cannot allow you to suffer guilt for the blow you gave me. I understand why you did it, sweetling. I even understand why you could not ask for what you needed, and I am sorry for my part in the despair that drove you to deliver that desperate blow. But I know you, little one, and I sense that, deep inside, you still harbor regrets, small orcish jabs of guilt that shall continue to feed upon my sweet elfling unless I help rid you of them all . . . You know that I can do no less than attend to your every need, for I shall suffer no guilty torment to trouble the heart of one I love so dearly." "Legolas." Boromir's sudden call startled me. "Aye, sweetling?" He grinned and blushed at the endearment. "We are so fortunate in Aragorn." "We are indeed." "We must find a way to help him." "We shall. Fear not. We shall help him. Rest now. I shall wake you when I hear Gimli approaching. No, stay where you are, little brother. Do not fret. I can hear that dwarf long before he arrives. You shall have plenty of time to fully rise." We both grinned and I watched him close his eyes and soon his breathing was slow and heavy and even. My thoughts turned back to my story, and to Aragorn, and to the cold distance within him earlier, the obvious pulling away. I had closed off all feeling enough times to know where his heart and mind had gone, and what he was suffering. But Aragorn had never permitted me to stay locked in painful inner solitude for long, and neither did I intend to leave him there. To be continued . . . .