onwards towards the Downs. We cannot be but a day behind them," she faltered then, looking towards her companions with a look of uncertainty. "Though, I cannot imagine what would have kept them here. Halbarad revealed to us that they had been missing for three days at the least. Why lead on into peril?" "Perhaps they had no choice," replied Elladan, who had since walked a few paces on to discover an abandoned sword. "There was a fight here, if my eyes serve me correctly. No Ranger would leave behind his blade lest he had no other choice." Elrohir stepped towards his brother, and they talked of theories in hushed, quick voices; Andriel gave no mind towards their words and instead followed the tracks. "You are right… and yet there are no tracks I see but these that lay here." Studying them closer for a moment longer, she shook her head. "Even a Wight would leave behind tracks, would they not? What battle-" She turned back towards them and Andriel looked on with a newfound sense of wrong, for where once stood Elladan and Elrohir was not empty space filled only with mist and a whisper of evil. The second-born stared on with sharp eyes, not daring to make a sound, for she was not so daft as to make do so when she knew not where her companions stood. Hand tightening around the hilt of her blade, Andriel moved quietly towards the place where they had stood not a few moments previously. She knew her companions well, for they had shared each others company for almost all the years of their lives, and it was for that familiarity that the elf knew they could not have drifted off without a word. There was something evil at work, it would be obvious to even a child, and as she searched for them among the mist Andriel could only hope her companions found no harm. "Andriel?" An eerie voice called to her from her right, which - to her relief - was that of Elrohir. She could make out his figure only barely, for the mist was now thicker than it had been when first they arrived. She had meant to call out in return to him, though something stopped her first; it was a strange feeling, unlike any other before. He stood facing her, and though the mist between them was great, it was as though she could see clearly a strange glint in his eye. It happened so quickly, just then. From her side emerged another, weapon drawn and sword coming quickly down upon her. Andriel drew her own, blocking the hit and crying out in surprise. " Elladan ?" she dodged his next hit, manoeuvring herself to move under his arm and behind him. Andriel had read of the bewitchment of Barrow-wights, how easily they could seduce wanderers to drift into their grasp; though she'd never imagined they could enchant such strong beings as Elves. "Release them from your spell!" she shouted firmly, parrying Elladan's next blow before being thrown backwards to the ground by his force. She did not desire to hurt him after all- not when there was a chance that they could be returned to their natural state. Though, Andriel did not see how she would be able to both ward off his blows and figure out how to return the brothers to normal. Feeling around wildly for her sword, Andriel scooted backwards on her elbows, pleading; "Elladan, this is not you. Tolo dan na ngalad !" He advanced on her quickly, and Andriel still could not feel the hilt of her blade. Thinking quickly, she reached to her belt and pulled out her dagger, slashing the leg of her friend who, in turn, yelped from pain and fell back. "Elladan!" She stood now, swiftly receiving her sword and kicking his own from his reach before kneeling next to him. " Lasto beth nín, mellon ." Andriel whispered, taking his helmet off so that she may see his eyes better. "Andriel," his voice now dazed, as though he were waking from a deep sleep, and when his eyes flickered open she saw no eerie haze. "You must awake quickly, Elladan, Elrohir remains bewitched." Andriel spoke in rush, helping him up and helping steady his stance. "I have not hurt you severely, have I? I saw no other way to pull you from that trance. I am sorry," "Speak no apologies, my friend, I dare not think what I would have done had you not cut me." He winced lightly, tearing his cloak so that he may wrap it about the wound. "It is strange," he shook his head, placing his helmet between his arm and torso, "It was as though I were in a dream, from which I could not wake however hard I tried. The wights have never been known to place another under their bidding, not so easily at least. I fear now for my brother, and for the men we came here to save." "We will find your brother, Elladan. Come now, last I saw him was just ahead." Before any angry reviews are sent, yes, this a reposted version of a previous story that was written by me! I lost inspiration unfortunately, so I edited the first chapter. This story is based loosely on the video game titled "War in the North" and, if you're familiar with it, has many of the same characters. However, as the story progresses, it will go off in a different direction. Anyway, thank you all for reading my first chapter, and first attempt at a fic like this. Please any feedback is much appreciated! I'll try to reply to every review I receive, whether it be in Author's Notes at the ends of chapters or privately through ffnet. All right, I'm done rambling off now. Translations: Tolo dan na ngalad - Come back to the light Lasto beth nín, mellon - Hear my voice, friend