"Yes, now Amy is going to take you into her home and see what it is that is wrong with you." She said in an encouraging voice as she used her flashlight to guide them back along the stone path walkway. It seemed like forever that they slowly made their way to the back door with an occasional stop for Haldir to catch his breath for a moment and for her to wipe the sweat from her brow. She checked his pulse once they made it through the front door and found that even though it was stronger slightly, this man was still very much hurt and she wasn't quite sure what exactly what it was that he was in pain from until she managed to get him to lie down for her to check. Where am I supposed to put him now? She groaned in her head. She could just dump him onto the couch nor could she get him up to one of the upstairs guestrooms without him passing out from all the climbing and possibly fainting from his bleeding. Amy grumbled softly, but guided him firmly into her own bedroom where she was staying and helped him lie down on his stomach. He immediately passed out again, this time from sheer exhaustion then rather from his pain. Amy wiped the sweat from her brow with the sleeve of her robe and sat down for a moment, breathing hard. Taking him in with her eyes, she found that she would need to strip him down in order to treat his wounds. Sighing heavily, she began the daunting task of taking each piece of armor off his body and placing them beside the bed, wincing every time she heard their heaviness hit the wooden floor. Good God, how heavy was all of these anyway? I could barely lift the bigger ones without falling over! After an hour and half of mistakenly removing the armor from his body and finding a hidden stash of small weapons that made her shiver, she groaned once more as she found herself looking at his under clothes. She slowly took off what looked like a fine chained vest mad out of pearls and set them aside on a nearby chair and focused her attention to removing the rest of his clothing. That didn't take very long since they were light. And nicely made too. She noted as she pulled off his boots and socks. It was then she noted the large gaping hole in his back once she had come back with some gloves and her mother's medical kit. She took a look at it. Haldir had lost a lot of blood, but it had looked like that his vest is what saved his life and prevented him for losing even more so despite the bloodied state of his shirt she had removed. "Looks like this large wound will need stitching." She said softly as she pulled out a needle and stitching thread. She injected him with a low dose of morphine that would help with the pain. She then cleansed and sterilized the wound as best as she could before starting the slow job of stitching up his back. It was already past three in the morning by the time she had finished up and bandaged his whole mid-section and tended to the other minor wounds on his body. Amy yawned loudly and stretched her arms over her head. It was then that she found that her left wrist had bruised finger marks around it. She lightly touched it with her other hand and looked up at the sleeping form of the man or being, responsible for the bruise. She pulled the sheet over his body and placed a light quilt to keep him warm before dimming the lights low enough to where it would not disturb him, but still have enough light to where she could check up occasionally to see how he was progressing. Amy gently pulled his hair back from his face and found that his face had a peaceful expression now. Pity stirred in her heart as she gently took a wet towel and wiped away the grime and blood off his face until all she saw was a very faint glow appear on his skin. She didn't know what could have possibly possessed her to do so, but she leaned over and placed a soft kiss on his cheek. She took a spare heavy blanket and pillow from the living room couch and decided to lay beside him until later on in the morning. She laid herself next to him where he could see her face in case he was to take up before her and just watched him for a while before eventually her own pure exhaustion got the best of her body and mind and she too, was drifting into a deep asleep. ~Meanwhile in Middle Earth~ Lady Galandriel watched the image of the girl and Haldir sleeping slowly fade away until all what was left was just her own reflection in the water along with the stars above. He was safe for now in the hands of someone kind enough to recognize that he was in need. She wasn't quite sure what had happened but she had sensed something powerful had transported him to another world of where her own powers were completely powerless. Galandriel waved a hand over the waters but they remain dark, the image that she had just seen for the time being, lost to her gift of sight. "May our creator look over you, loyal guardian of Lordrian," She said softly to the waters. "She will guide you back to us soon once it is time for you to return home by the same way you came. Have no fear of the unknown and just follow what your heart says. I am always with you Haldir, no matter how far you are from the woods of which you were born in."