the water trickling by and the birds put him at ease, and for a brief moment he forgot all of his troubles. With his eyes still closed, Legolas drew in a quiet breath. As he released it, the humming of a soft elven tune escaped from him, of which the trees and animals felt joy from, honoured with the presence of one of the firstborn. He did not know how long he stayed like that for, just humming quietly up in a tree. He could sense that Aragorn was still asleep in the shade below him, and decided that a good forty minutes had probably passed. A bit longer would not hurt. He ceased his humming and once again delved his senses into his surroundings. This wood was strange to him. Like many of the woods and forests of Middle Earth, these trees whispered of evils that used to dwell here, terrorising them, but that evil had now gone, though a great reminder was with them always. They were glad that whatever it was was now gone; yet they mourned the loss of many trees and good folk who used to wonder here but were driven out. As Legolas listened to the songs and words of the trees, a sudden feeling of being watched startled him. His eyes snapped open, and the elf immediately brought his hand up to his bow and the other to his quiver to draw out an arrow. Holding the arrow up to his bowstring, he held it there as his keen eyes pierced the wood. He scanned the surrounding trees as he looked past the shade and shelter they gave – a good cover for unwelcomed foes. Unable to hear or even see anything, Legolas narrowed his blue eyes and stole a quick glance to Aragorn who was still dozing below. He knew immediately that the gaze was not coming from Aragorn – he would have heard the mortal awakening before he even knew he was waking. Not only that, but from what Legolas could see, Aragorn's chest was rising and falling with a steady rhythm, indicating that he was in fact still sleeping. Legolas smiled at the thought of his friend being totally oblivious to what was going on around him. Should he have been awake, Aragorn would have gotten his bow out by now, and would have been quite the contrast to his present state. Legolas gave an annoyed sigh at the disturbance of the peace he felt, and began to climb back down the oak, bow and arrow in one hand. He landed softly on the ground besides Aragorn and placed a hand on the man's shoulder, gently easing him awake. Aragorn did not open his eyes at first, but gave a small smile. "Have we dwelt here long enough?" Legolas smiled at these words. "Aye, we have. Though I am of course assuming that you would like to reach the site some when today!" Aragorn opened one eye and then the other, still smiling. "That was the intention," he laughed. Legolas offered a hand to the man and pulled him up to his feet, before they made their way to the horses nearby, who were eating grass from a patch they had found in the shade. Checking that nothing had been left behind, and that the water skins were attached to their saddles, Legolas mounted his horse, put away the arrow into its quiver, and shouldered his bow, making Aragorn turn around, a questioning look on his face. Legolas met it with an innocent expression. "Why did you have your bow out? And an arrow?" Aragorn asked curiously at the elf who had just picked up his reins. "I was keeping it out for precaution, that is all," he answered steadily, followed by a small mutter loud enough for Aragorn to hear. "Curious edain…" Aragorn laughed. "Curiosity is unfortunately a trait I seemed to have picked up from you elves! You have only yourselves to blame, mellon-nin." Legolas rolled his eyes and kicked his horse into a walk just behind Aragorn's, whilst trying to ignore the comment just made. But he stopped and turned in his saddle when the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end, a clear sign that indicated that they were again being watched. Legolas narrowed his eyes, trying to see as far as his elven sight would allow him, but he saw nothing. He was so intent on trying to spot the source of this uncomfortable feeling that Aragorn's voice made him jump. "Come on you slow elf!" he called out a few metres ahead. "We went to get there by sunrise, remember?" Aragorn's cheerful voice turned serious when he realised that he had in fact just made Legolas jump. "Legolas? What is it?" Legolas blinked and sat back in his saddle properly, meeting Aragorn's gaze. "Nothing," he lied. There was no reason for Aragorn to have to worry about a silly little feeling he had felt. At least this time, unlike their last eventful trip, Legolas was acutely aware of his surroundings. So much so that I cannot even work out what it is that may be watching us… . "I was just checking to see that we had left nothing behind." He paused and a confused look quickly flitted across his face before disappearing. "Again." Aragorn gave him a curious look followed by a sigh, knowing that Legolas was not going to elaborate. "Fair enough. Come on then!" Both gave a soft kick to their horses, and when Aragorn was ahead of him by a metre or two, Legolas dared a last look behind him. Seeing nothing for sure, he gave a sigh and a few seconds later, both friends were cantering down the path, eager to get to the mysterious campsite. Ooo----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----ooO That's the first chapter! Second chapter should be up in the next few days or so – the fic is acting as my break in-between hours of revision lol.