and closed the door and looked at himself again in the mirror. "Aulë why have you punished me so? Did I insult you or your beloved Yavanna? Please have pity on me, I apologize for whatever I have done; for whatever deed you saw as an insult." When no answer came Gimli frowned and began to undress his fingers struggling slightly with the elvish buttons and folded them up carefully. He looked at himself in the mirror and frowned. His once broad chest covered with thick hair had changed, now less muscular and clean of any hair. Gimli frowned and undressed the rest of the way and wrapped the robe around him, nervous and shy. As he exited he saw no sign of Legolas but the bath was prepared and fresh soap was there to be used. Gimli carefully looked around. Once sure of no elves that would be unwanted in a bath Gimli carefully took the robe off and slipped nervously into the water. Gasping at the heat, Gimli slowly slid down into the bath. "Aaaahhhh..." Gimli smiled and gently rested his head on the side of the tub and let the hot water ease away his sores and cares. He closed his eyes and let his hair and the rest of him soak, slowly slipping down to his shoulders. He held his breath and went under the water, wetting his hair. Coming back up he reached for the soap. Gathering the soap he gently brought his hair over to the side and began washing it. Gimli finished cleaning his hair and dunked his head back into the water and rinsed. The water was now filled with suds from his hair and he then began to clean himself. He frowned and rubbed his shoulders slightly, still tight from his work earlier that day in the mines. He didn't hear the soft foot steps of Legolas as he entered the bathing room. "I hope your bath is going well." Gimli jumped visibly and turned seeing Legolas in his silver gray bathrobe, his hair loose about his shoulders. "Aye, it is," Gimli said swallowing, glad that the once clear water was now cloudy with soap. Legolas smiled and sat down in a chair and gently rubbed Gimli's shoulders. "Your shoulders are tight. What do you do in your home in the east?" Legolas' hands slowly slid over Gimli's sleek muscles and skin, his hands soft and healing. Gimli tried to pull away politely and swallowed. "I'm a builder. I make many crafts including homes and working tools." Gimli quickly moved to the middle of the tub, kneeling and watching Legolas over his shoulder. Legolas smiled and leaned on the tub nodding. "It shows upon your frame. You must be a great craftsman, I can see it; you have more muscles than any other elf I have seen." Legolas didn't bother fixing his robe as the shoulders fell off revealing a slender shoulder and neck. Legolas smiled dreamily at him. "I'm sure you are stronger than I, slaying forty-two orcs is no small feat, Prince Legolas." Gimli averted his eyes and swallowed finishing cleaning, hoping to leave in the morning and wait until he was changed back to go back to the Lonely Mountain. "But I am no great builder, Coeiond. Your name means Son of the Earth, and you smell of it. You remind me of my dear friend Gimli. You have those same eyes...so deep, but you are much more beautiful than Gimli, and for a dwarf he is fair himself." Gimli felt a blush across his face and a slight anger stirring in his stomach. "I believe I am done now, I wish to be left alone so I may change and retire for the night." Legolas nodded and got up leaving as quietly as he came. Gimli unstopped the tub and quickly got out drying himself off with the towel prepared for him. He went into where he left his clothes and found them gone and a pair of night robes waiting for him. He frowned not seeing his axe and quickly dressed drying his hair and putting the wet towel on a stone rack for drying. Heading out he found Legolas waiting for him. "This way, Master Coeiond, I shall show you to your room before I too retire." Legolas led the way and Gimli followed amazed that his footsteps were as silent as Legolas'. Legolas opened a room and bid him to enter. "This...is beautiful, thank you, Prince Legolas." Gimli looked at him. Legolas smiled. "Please, just call me Legolas. And it is, to fit your beauty, Coeiond." Legolas gently reached a hand to Gimli's face and pulled it back as Gimli backed away. Nodding with a soft smile, no harmed feelings in his eyes, Legolas bowed to him. "Dú maer, mellon." With that the prince left. Gimli swallowed and closed the door, finding his axe leaning up against a stone fireplace, a warm fire started, but no sign of his clothes. "I must leave this place before I am no longer able to look at Legolas the same way again." Gimli went over to his bed and tossed the covers back and thought of how strangely Legolas was acting. Gimli himself was a virgin, and he planned to keep it that way. He had no idea how many lovers his friend had in the past, but he was determined not to become one of them. If Legolas found out, their friendship would be destroyed and most likely Legolas would hate him; something the dwarf did not want. Gimli frowned and glanced at the fire and laid down to sleep in the soft mattress and blankets of the House of Thranduil. Glossary of Elvish Words and Phrases: Chapter 1: Post - Halt Eneth lín - your name Coeiond - Son of the Earth (used as a name) Mellon - friend Gwador - Brother Dú maer, mellon - Good night, friend Elvellon - Elf-friend Mílellon - Elf-love