and Sharkey's bully-boys. Directions were given to where they'd disposed of the body, and it was verified that indeed this was no true Man who was buried there." "So, he won't be able to kill anyone else?" "No, he cannot do so again. He is dead, and by the hands of those who saw daily how dangerous he was." Evro swallowed. "Then I can tell Agata that he won't ever come back again and it will be true!" Frodo smiled. "Yes." "And you know that the story you told tonight is a true one?" Frodo's expression became solemn and withdrawn. "Yes, as truly as I can tell it." "But it's not the whole story." Frodo looked down at the backs of his hands, and Evro could see the place where one of the older Hobbit's fingers was missing, just as he'd been told. "I don't think," he said, his tone measured and thoughtful, "that any story can truly be told completely. We tell what we know, what we understand, what we saw; but our eyes cannot see everything or our memories hold all of the details. And, whether or not we realize it, each one adds his own understandings to the story he tells and leaves out those bits that don't fit with his way of telling it. That is simply the way we who are considered the Children of Ilúvatar must act." "Your stories aren't like they used to be, there before you left the Shire." "I know." "Why?" Again Frodo lifted his eyes to meet the lad's. "I now have seen battle and death. I have watched horrors you cannot appreciate—that I hope you never need to appreciate. You think of the Troubles as the worst things imaginable, and that is true—for you and all of those who lived through them here within the Shire. We left, hoping that by doing so we were protecting the Shire, that we would draw the danger after us. But we could only fight the evil creatures we could see, and there are far, far more evil beings in the world than we could hope to know. Not all were interested in following after us, but were set upon their own plans. I never dreamed that my Cousin Lotho had allied himself with the likes of Sharkey and his creatures! Who could have known that his desire to become important and powerful within the Shire would involve him agreeing to allow a fallen Wizard's mercenaries to enter the Shire and rampage around it? "But know this—far, far worse would have happened had we not gone when we did. And because we fought the Enemy where and how we did, much evil has departed Middle Earth for good. But it is not the end of all evil—it is the evil in our own hearts we must fight from now on. Gandalf tells us that the war was won successfully only because each and every race was—finally—united in opposing the great Enemy. And if it had not been for Bilbo's actions so long ago in going to Erebor and serving as an example of integrity and fairness, I doubt that many within the wilderlands east of the Misty Mountains would have realized that all must stand together this time that they not all be destroyed piecemeal. "You saw the dark clouds that kept people from seeing the Sun, Moon, and Stars for weeks. The dark was far deeper where we were, and as each of us fought the Enemy as we must. And the Light shines the brighter for us because we have known that darkness. "And among those who fought were heroes of the Shire, tough as old briars as they faced down wights, orcs, goblins, trolls, the Balrog, the Black Riders, Shelob, and the great Enemy himself and his artifice." Evro didn't know what else to say. He was surprised to find he didn't feel gladness for the death of the Big Man who'd killed his brother, only relief that he couldn't hurt or kill anyone else. And looking deeply into Frodo's eyes, he realized the Baggins understood. He was more surprised to find he was crying, and suddenly Frodo slipped off the chair where he'd been sitting and knelt, drawing Evro to him and holding him while the lad wept, and much of Evro's anger and fear left him. Why he felt safe in Frodo's arms he could not later say, but he was so glad for it at the time. At last his tears were spent, and he drew back, and Frodo produced a handkerchief from his vest pocket ("Bilbo always insisted I never should go anywhere without plenty of handkerchiefs," he murmured as he wiped Evro's face and let him blow his nose), and afterwards Evro felt much better and half as heavy as he'd felt ever since he saw his brother die. Evro smiled his thanks, his smile rather watery, he suspected, and left Frodo, who'd risen and watched after him. The last Evro saw as he pulled the door closed as he left was Frodo sitting back down in the chair by the fire, reaching again for his mug of water. (I) (I) (I) Letters from Bag End in Hobbiton arrived the last week of September, and word swiftly spread that Frodo Baggins had again left the Shire with no warning, for good this time. The Master and Mistress and many others from Brandy Hall went to Hobbiton in early October to hear Frodo's will read, and when they returned they were accompanied by the Thain and his family, and another Hobbit most of the residents of Brandy Hall had not met personally—Samwise Gamgee, who came with his wife and baby daughter. The children of the Hall looked upon him openmouthed and followed him everywhere. And Sam appeared surprised when little Agata smiled up at him to show that she was missing a front tooth on the top and lisped, "I know you! You're Cousin Frodo's hero!"