White Tree or the Shire's mallorn this morning," he said, "for I grieve not to be there for the first blooming. I must say that as the blossoms open I tend to feel as if I had both you and Frodo by me, sharing in the delight of it." Sam nodded his understanding. "Well, at least we're here by you in person. I only hope as Frodo realizes we must be together, and that we're all thinkin' of him." As Rosie settled herself by her husband's side she momentarily took and squeezed his hand. "I'm sure of it, lovey. How could he ever doubt that?" When all were finished they were arranged into a procession of sorts by Gimli, and all approached the great veiled structure that had been raised upon the spur. There they were met by Master Celebgil himself, who looked down on them all, and particularly on Master Ruvemir, who'd been his master in the White City in the last years of his own apprenticeship. The younger sculptor cleared his throat, then began: "I wish to greet you all this day, and thank you for coming here to see this monument unveiled. How many in the future may choose to come to see it I could not say, as isolated in many ways as it is. However, this is a point of importance in the final battle of the War of the Ring, the place where our beloved King, who had not yet accepted the Winged Crown, came to the succor of the Cormacolindor as they were brought out of the destruction of Mordor and the torment of Mount Doom. We know now that neither of those restored to us had expected to survive that turmoil, but the Powers and the One saw to it that they received the grace to be assured their sacrifices had not been in vain. "That this event never be forgotten by the peoples of the western lands, we now unveil this memorial to that moment." So saying, he gave a signal to his apprentices, who, assisted by Princess Melian and Elanor Gardner, pulled the ropes that uncovered the great grouping. This was constructed not of stone, but of bronze, and consisted of depictions of three of the great Eagles facing the King in his battle armor, the figure of the Wizard Mithrandir beside him, all of them set on the lower slopes of the great spur of the mountain. Highest up, as if settling himself on a rocky outcrop, Gwaihir the Windlord was shown just beginning to fold his great wings. Gandalf had just received the body of Samwise Gamgee into his arms from the second Eagle, and was tenderly pulling the Hobbit close to his breast. And Aragorn was holding out his hands to accept the form of Frodo Baggins from the talon of the third Eagle. All stood, examining the grouping in awe, when cries from above caused them to look up. Out of the glory of the blue sky dropped a half dozen of the great Eagles, each alighting near the monument. Immediately Men, Elves, and Dwarves pulled back respectfully. Once the birds were settled, the King and Queen of the West stepped forward with Radagast to greet them. "We welcome you, and rejoice you have come to join us as we honor the memory of the saving of the Ringbearers," the Lord Elessar said, bowing deeply. "Certainly had it not been for your assistance it is likely none of us would be here now, and particularly not Lord Samwise and his family." The Eagles fixed their gaze on Sam, who had been beckoned forward by the King, and who stepped forward steadily enough, although he was flushing deeply. Gwaihir bobbed his head respectfully toward the Hobbit. "We greet you, Lord Perhael, and are glad you have made the journey from your own land for this." "And I thank you for drawin' my Master and me from the destruction of the mountain," he answered, bowing low. "We'd of not survived if'n you hadn't braved the rocks and all to come and find us." "And this is one of your young?" the Windlord asked, fixing his attention on Elanor, who had followed her father forward. He turned his head to examine the Hobbit lass carefully, and appeared enthralled. "A worthy child, and blessed by all, I would say." Again he bobbed his head, this time to Elanor. "Lord Iorhael must have rejoiced to see you born, child." She curtseyed. "Yes, I'm told he was very glad, although I barely remember him. He went away when I was still a small bairn." Sam put his arm about her and drew her to his side, a gesture that appeared to spark approval in the eyes of the Eagles, who now all turned their attention to the memorial. "It is much as it was," commented one of the others, "although, Lord Gwaihir, I don't remember you having gone up so high." Gwaihir made a noise that Sam realized was his manner of laughing. "And never did I do so; but it is a worthy depiction in spite of that, I think. And they have caught your reluctance to release the Cormacolindo to the Eagle of the Star very well, Landroval." The other Eagle mantled slightly, perhaps in embarrassment, but all in all the great birds appeared pleased by the depiction made. Master Celebgil now bowed to the Eagles. "And I thank you all for your agreement to allow yourselves to be depicted, and for the patience you showed while we sketched you to make certain we caught your seemings as faithfully as we were able." "You have done well enough," Gwaihir answered him. "It was our honor to be allowed to do all that we did in that last battle. To face down the Nazgûl and the dumb beasts they'd enslaved was most satisfying. And to be allowed to bring Lords Perhael and Iorhael out of the destruction was even more so."