one thing. If there is ever again a problem you cannot handle yourself, please talk to me. We will solve it together and regardless what others say, you are my son and I love you with all my heart, no matter what happens and nothing can change that. Please never try such a foolish thing as yesterday again. Some people are jealous and speak mindless some times, but you have a place in my heart that cannot be replaced. Be only who you are and all will be well." "I promise", was all the young man could whisper, not trusting his voice right now. After a while Aragorn looked at the Elf-Lord. "I want to visit Elladan and Elrohir. I think we have much to talk about, or do you think he will not speak with me?" Estel asked anxiously lowering his eyes again. Elrond sighed and smiled. "Go, Estel. Ever since he woke up, he is eager to speak with you. Only the worsest threat has kept him in bed." Estel smiled. That sounded like his older brother. Content for the first since a long time he left the room. The young man stopped outside his brother's room hesitating as he heard low voices. He could clearly recognize Legolas´. All right, he thought. So be it. He was here to make up and here was the chance to get them all at once. He opened the door slightly, not wanting to disturb the quiet conversation, but as always he was not that lucky. An awkward silence extended as he stood at the threshold until Elrohir sprung up and embraced his little brother. "Estel, you are awake, we are so glad that you are alright," he whispered in the young man's ear. Estel stood for a moment shocked. He had expected reservations and reproach but not this overjoyed reaction. He relaxed in his brother's embrace, until he saw Elladan´s controlled face on the bed. Elrohir released him and looked at him surprised, clearly feeling the sudden tenseness. After what seemed an eternity Elladan sighed. "Estel, will you come over here please, that I can hug and then kill you?" he said. The young man walked over to the bed as drawn on an unseen string. He winced seeing the pain on Elladan´s face, when he tried to sit up. For some incomprehensible reason Aragorn wasn't able to assist his brother. He was afraid of touching him. When Elladan had managed to sit up, he sensed the man's uneasiness and took his hands. "Please, Estel," he said in a pleading voice, "Talk to me. Tell me what bothered you so, that I can help you." Not relaxing in the slightest the young man raised his eyes to meet those of his brother. "That's exactly the problem, Elladan. You always want to help me and I push you away out of stubbornness and other stupid emotions. And now you nearly died, because I couldn't control my pride and maturity." Estel looked at Legolas meeting the blue eyes of his best friend hesitantly. "The same goes for you. One day, one of you will be killed because of me." Elladan sighed and took a firmer hold of the young ranger's hands. "Oh, Estel. It is I who should apologize. I always forget that you are a man now, and I always want to protect you. I could not live with the fact that you were killed because I was not there to protect you, but I will work on myself." Estel swallowed but before he could repeat anything, Legolas sat on the other side of the bed. "The same for me, Estel. If I have hurt your feelings in hovering over you, then I'm sorry. My intentions are the same as Elladans. I want always only protect you." Now they had done it. The with much effort erected composure crumbled. The young man hugged Elladan and Legolas at once and let his tears run freely. "Stop this, please. I want you exactly as you are. I was blinded and thick-headed, please forgive me." Elladan embraced the man with tears in his eyes, Elrohir nodded relieved and Legolas smiled. Two days later the three brothers and the wood-elf sat in the garden loudly planning their next mischievous enterprise. Glorfindel smiled at them from the corridor-window above and was about to enter Elrond´s study when he heard his friend's raised voice. He entered and saw a staff member, standing in front of Elrond's desk. "… and if you have any problem with my son being a human or his stay here then I advice you to keep your mouth shut or come to me. Have I made myself clear?" The dark-haired Elf-Lord fixed the guilty looking figure in front of him with a calm façade, but Glorfindel knew it was only a mask. Under the surface boiled a vulcan, ready to erupt. Finally the elf raised his eyes. "I'm sorry, my Lord but I didn't mean what I said, and it was rather mindless". Elrond sighed. "That is was. If you don't mean it, don't say it! You are dismissed." The elf bowed and left quickly. The anger in Elrond's eyes disappeared as quickly as it had come. "Glorfindel, I think I'm too old for this," he murmured. The golden haired warrior raised an eyebrow in mock annoyance. "If you are too old, what about me then?" Elrond only smiled at his long time friend. He was pouring two cups of wine when he heard a shout from the garden. The two Elf-Lords walked over to the balcony and looked into the garden below. They saw a pile of arms and legs rolling on the ground. Elrond quickly left the balcony shutting the door. "No, they do not belong to me, at least not all of them!", he declared. Glorfindel laughed. "Remember what you advised your servant a short time ago?" he asked with a grin. "If you don't mean it, don't say it!" end