I would like you to meet my mother." He said. Éowyn opened her mouth to say something, but nothing came out. She was shocked. This could not be happening, she thought. It was all a dream, she told herself. But there she was, now knowing why the woman had looked familiar. Faramir did have her nose and lips. Éowyn did that only thing that she could think of doing. "How can this be?" She asked Faramir. He smiled at her. "I asked the same thing myself. I do not know." Finduilas looked between the two of them. "Do not be frightened, Éowyn. You have nothing to fear from me." She said in a calming voice. "I just do not know how this could happen." Éowyn said. "How ever it was, I do not know. I see you still wear the gift Faramir gave you." Finduilas said. Éowyn blushed. It was Finduilas' mantle that Éowyn was wearing. "Oh, I am sorry, I know it was yours. I will not wear it if you do not want me to." Éowyn said quickly. "It is all right, it looks wonderful on you. Faramir would not have given it to you if it was otherwise." Finduilas said. "She is right." Faramir said, putting his arm around Éowyn. "I never thought to ever meet you." Éowyn said. "I would have guessed Faramir would have brought you here." "How could I not? I would have wanted her to meet you anyway, Mother." Faramir said. Éowyn's curiosity got the better of her at that moment. "Is there anyone else that could come?" She asked hopefully. "I do not know why I was chosen, or who would come. But I do know that your parents and uncle are proud of you, Éowyn." Finduilas said. "Really?" Éowyn asked as her eyes filled with tears. "They are." Finduilas's face became worried. She looked back into the woods where she came from. "I fear that my time for tonight is up." She said. "This is sooner than before." Faramir said a little disappointedly. "I know, but I can not control this. I am sorry." She said and she walked back into the woods, leaving Faramir and Éowyn standing there. Éowyn felt tears fall from her eyes, and Faramir lead her back to the shelter. When they got back and were inside their tent, Éowyn looked up at Faramir with a tear-streaked face. "I miss them." She said at least. Faramir sat down beside her. She did not want to hold in her tears any longer and she cried into Faramir. He put his arms around her and comforted her. "It's all right, I miss my family too. I am here now, it's all going to be all right." Faramir said. "No, it's not." Éowyn choked out. "I was mad at my Father when he left. It was soon after my birthday and I wanted him to stay home longer. I was so angry with him, I did not even say good-bye." She crocked. Faramir looked down and held her closer. "Éomer did not even know this much, he knew that I was angry, but not that I never said good bye. I did not even know what was going on when they brought him back. There I was, a child of seven years, and angry, and being told that my Father was not going to come back. Even though I saw him." She cried harder into Faramir's shoulder. "I now regret ever being mad at him and wish that I could have said I am sorry." "We all have our regrets about the dead." Faramir said. Éowyn looked up at him and saw tears fall from his eyes. "I wish that I had a better memory of my Mother, though now I feel I do. I wish that I had never told Boromir of the dream I had had, then maybe he would still be here. But there are some things that we cannot change. And I am sure that your Father knew that you did not mean to be angry." They leaned back on the bed; Éowyn staying in Faramir's arms as they slowly fell asleep. The morning dawn bright and clear for the first time in days. Éowyn woke when she felt Faramir move beside her. She forced her eyes open, not wanting to wake in the morning. "Good morning." Faramir said as he kissed her on the cheek. Éowyn sat up and looked at him. "Good morning and thank you for listening to me last night." She said. "I am suppose to, aren't I? Or what kind of husband would I be?" He asked her. "I would not have thought of that." She said. An idea struck her. She looked at Faramir, who was still in the same clothes as the night before. She stood and grabbed his arm. "Come, I want to see something in the day light." She said grabbing his hand. Éowyn ran from the tent, getting strange looks from the Rangers around the fire pit. Faramir just ran after her. Éowyn made her way, or tried to, to the clearing from the night before. Faramir knew where she was heading when she started in the direction. He took over midway, and lead the way to it. When they got there, Éowyn looked satisfied. "Why did you want to go here?" He asked her. "I think this is a perfect place to build our new home." She said. Faramir looked around and for the first time took in how large the clearing was. It was large enough, and it was not to far from the road. "I believe you are right Éowyn." Faramir said. A/N: I am assuming in this that Finduilas had black hair. Though, it could be argued that she had light colored hair from her name, I kind of want to believe that she was given the name, and then later her hair turned darker. And that is about it. Please review!