believe me even if I told you the truth," Frank said. "It better fucking be the truth!" Kyle interjected again. "Where were you?" Eden asked. Frank just shook his head. Sam brought him another beer. "Please tell us, Frank," Sam begged. "We were all worried about you? Where did you go?" Frank gladly accepted the second beer and after another long chug, he set it down on the table, "I was in Middle Earth," he said with an expression of stone cold seriousness. Eden laughed so hard that beer nearly shot out of her nose. "MIDDLE EARTH?!" Kyle exclaimed, "Ok, so what? Had such a great birthday that you decided to dress like a fag and take off to New Zealand without telling anybody?!" "I wasn't in New Zealand, I was in Middle Earth," Frank said again. "Frank," Sam said reaching out feeling his forehead, "Middle Earth isn't a real place. I would know. Eden and I are the Tolkien fanatics, not you. You hated The Lord of the Rings," "I fucking hate it even more now," he said and he poured himself a shot of whiskey. "Ok, so how did you get to Middle Earth?" Eden asked. "I know they make some pretty good drugs nowadays, but damn, dude," "I didn't take any drugs, and I'm not going to tell you," Frank said as he downed the shot, "It's embarrassing," "Humour me," Kyle said crossing his arms. "Please, Frank," Sam said, "Just tell us from the beginning," Frank sighed, "Alright," he said taking another deep gulp of beer, "The last thing I remember from the party was falling asleep on the table. Then I remember you," he said pointing to Sam, "helping me into the house. I had to throw up again and had you take me to the bathroom. I threw up and passed out hugging the toilet. I woke up a few hours later and flushed the toilet. I don't know what thoughts went through my drunken mind, but I got the idea of sticking my face into the flushing toilet to rinse off the puke. Everything got all swirly and seemed to move at the speed of light and then everything went black. When I opened my eyes I was lying in a big, green, rocky landscape. I walked around for hours with no sign of anything or anyone until a group of soldiers on horseback found me and took me as their prisoner. They kept me locked up for a week and then they took me to the king. They sentenced me to squire for some dude which I did until I realized one day while we were out riding I was back in the same green, rocky area. I escaped the riders and the next thing I knew I was back in my house next to the toilet." Sam and Eden sat blinking and in silence staring at Frank. Kyle, who had his shot glass halfway to his mouth, was frozen. He blinked a couple of times and then poured the shot onto the floor and then tossed the glass over his shoulder. He stood and adjusted his t-shirt. "Well," he said, "I've had enough. I never knew that too much tequila could cause hallucinations. Thanks, Sam, but I'm going home now." He said and he started toward the front door. "Oh!" he exclaimed and pointed at Frank, "If you really are Frank and if this is real you better fucking text me tomorrow. I'm beating your ass. Night, ya'll," he said and he left. "I'm telling the truth!" Frank exclaimed. "I believe you," Eden said fake smiling and slowly scooted the whiskey bottle away from Frank. "Frank…." Sam whispered as she stared at him concerned. "So, you bought a house, but instead of a wardrobe to Narnia, you got a toilet to Middle Earth. Kind of a 'shitty' trade off, but beggars can't be choosers," Eden said. "Could have been worse, you could have gotten a garage that leads to Jurassic Park." "Eden?" Sam asked "What?" she asked. "I think I have to go to the bathroom," Sam said. "Well, go pee," Eden said. "Eden!" Sam said, "I….Have…..To….Go…To….The….Bathroom," Sam said stretching her voice and tilted her head toward the bathrooms. "Oh!" Eden said and put her beer down, "Yup, I have to pee too. Come on," "We'll be right back, Frank. Help yourself to whatever you want," Sam said and the two women hurried off into the bathroom. "What the fuck?!" Eden whispered. "I know!" Sam said. "What the hell did you guys use to bake his fucking cake?" Eden asked. "Hey! It wasn't the cake!" Sam said crossing her arms, "Maybe someone did drug him and then they came back and kidnapped him after I left." "Poor bastard, he really thinks he is telling the truth," Eden said, "We should probably take him to the hospital," "I think we should go and check out that toilet," Sam said. "What?!" Eden exclaimed. "Shhhhhhhhh!" Sam said holding up her finger to her mouth, "Maybe he is telling the truth." "You cannot be serious," Eden said rolling her eyes. "Well, you know how open minded I am. How cool would it be if it was real and we could go to Middle Earth. How much do we both love The Lord of the Rings." Sam said. Eden threw her hands up into the air, "I ain't ever eating any of your cakes again," "Oh, come on!" Sam said, "So, what if he is making it up, it might help him recover better if he sees that it's just a normal toilet." "You have got to be out of your fucking mind," Eden said. "On one hand, we could go to Middle Earth, on the other we help our friend and possibly have him committed. Either way we win, we have got nothing to lose." Sam said. Eden sighed, "Fine!" she exclaimed, "But I'm pouring some Lysol in that bitch before I got anywhere near it,"