is to tell and hear our stories, for they're a part of our identity--part of who we are. Some days it was only the memories of stories you once told that kept me from going insane." All within the room looked at one another, sharing glances of wonder and concern--none as yet had heard any of the details of where the four Travelers had gone or what they'd done while they were absent from the Shire. Frodo sighed. "You can take them out to the banquet room--and watch they don't take anything more. By the way, turn out Torto's pockets." The older of the two lads looked affronted at being singled out, but in moments they had relieved him of a number of things he'd been quietly removing from Hillie's corner of the office, and at a significant look from Frodo Tito quietly returned a mug he'd lifted and tried to hide behind his back. Once Guido had returned the quill and the penwipe again the remaining family members were led away to join Barti and Tribbals in the other room, and Frodo drew a clean sheet of vellum to him and wrote out the order for the Broadloams' servitude, and tried to think from whom he could purchase seven hens and a rooster at this time of the day. At last he wrote that he'd send the promised chickens to Mallard the following day and rose to go out to deliver it to Cock Robin. "You'll see this into Mallard's hands?" he asked quietly. "Gladly, Mr. Frodo, sir," Robin assured him. "Must say as it's a most unusual sentence." "It will relieve Mistress Quince," Frodo said with a glance at the Hobbitess where she sat with her daughter in her lap, "and hopefully will give incentive to the lads to learn a skill or two regarding how to properly raise stock of their own." He looked at the Broadloam family with interest. Greencap and the lads had been made to sit in the center of the room, away from anything they might be tempted to try to pocket, but they appeared cheerfully resigned. "We know as you don't mean no insult by it," Guido assured those guarding the integrity of the room from this surfeit of Broadloams, then he looked at Frodo as he approached him, his characteristic wheedling grin fading as he examined the face of the deputy Mayor he'd seen so often as a lad, almost as if he were searching for something he remembered from that time. "Ye had a hard time of it, then," he said with uncharacteristic solemnity. "Mayhap ye're not certain as ye ought to've come back, even. But I've the feelin' as ye'll be good for the Shire, Master Baggins, sir--good for the Shire. Old Flour Dumplin'--he'd of never thought to of done as ye have, ye know." "No, Will would never have done what I've done; but, then, of course, I'm not him. Now, you keep your side of the bargain and I'll keep mine. And your daughter will sit on your lap before all to hear with the rest." "But why, Master Baggins, sir? Why let 'er see as how cruel the world is t' those as is different?" "Do you love her? Are you proud of her?" Guido's voice in response was almost derisive. "Well, o' course!" "Then let your own love for her be seen by all. Let all others know it; and if they realize you love and respect her, they'll realize they should treat her well, also. Yes, some like Lotho Sackville-Baggins are cruel and will remain cruel toward such as she no matter what; but those whose opinions mean the most will respond as you show the way. And she has as much right to hear the stories as all the other children do." Greencap Broadloam searched Frodo's face some more, then with a touch of true respect such as he rarely showed he said, "O' course, sir. Thankee, sir." He rose and addressed his sons. "We'll go, then, but until we's out o' the hole we're touchin' nothin', lads." And the lads, their expressions surprised, rose. At a look from their father Torto removed a small bridle brass that had hung on the wall from his pocket and set it on the table, and Tito solemnly handed Robin Smallburrow his wallet for his pipeweed. Then with a marked dignity Greencap set his cap on his head, reached down to take his daughter gently into his arms, and led his family out of the hole, accompanied by Cock Robin and Bartimo Tunnely. As they passed the deputy Mayor, Tribbals turned her head to smile into Frodo's eyes, and he found himself smiling freely in return. "Why do you want seven hens and a rooster?" Everard Took asked Frodo the following morning. "You've never kept poultry." "Does it matter why I want them?" Frodo asked, annoyed. "They are an investment of sorts, and I never said I would wish to keep them myself." "Well, as Lotho's folks never got into the Tooklands properly, it does happen that three of the farm folk on the northern borders were able to keep their flocks. Maybe we can convince Borigrin to give you a few. Frodo shook his head. "As I said, this is an investment, so I insist on paying a fair price. I do ask that the hens be good layers and young, though." "He's to be in here in about an hour's time anyway--we can ask him when he comes, then." And before mid-afternoon Borigrin Took was crating up nine chickens for a trip to Whitfurrow, the Took having decided to make certain that all Frodo had asked and more would arrive safely at the other end. It had been a time since Bori had seen Frodo Baggins, and he'd been shocked at the expression in his distant cousin's eyes. Whatever he could do to ease Frodo's worries and burdens he'd quietly determined to see to.