strength to follow through, but somehow my survival instincts told me that I had no other choice if i wanted to survive. I did as he asked and we were up in the trees in no time before I found myself staring at a very large platform that had a pile of bags and other kinds of things that I couldn't really sees since it was night time. There was plenty of branches and leaves above us that seemed to keep the rain out, but the wind made my shiver ever so violently as I snuggled closer to his body's natural warmth. "What is your name?" I asked while my mind pretty much figured it already by now since he did mention the words, "Galadriel", "Celeborn" and "Lothlorien". I just wanted to be polite since he did save my life just now. "Haldir." He replied while placing me amid a pile of furs. One of the elves who were with us had come up and was amid the process of lighting a small fire while Haldir went to rummage through some bags beside me. He pulled out what looked like towels and tossed them at my lap. "Here, dry yourself as much as possible while I find something suitable for you to wear." "Fine with me." I managed to say between chattering teeth. The two elves turned their backs on me to give me some privacy. They started to talk quietly between them, Haldir sparing a quick glance my way after I somehow managed to take off my pink t-shirt. His cheeks went red when I looked up at him before he averted his gaze back to finding some clothes which he tossed each article after finding that looked like it fit me. "Thank you, Haldir." I said gratefully. "For saving my life to." I quickly added with a small smile to show my appreciation. "You're welcome." He replied. "Here, drink this and sleep." He handed me a small cup with something warm. Tasting a small sip, I found it was pleasant to the pallet with a flavor of berries and mint. I drank it all down with gusto while his companion took my clothes and spread them beside the fire to dry. "I take it that you don't know where you are right now other than you are sitting on a talan with two elves amide a tree?" He chuckled while brushing some of my wet hair from my face. I blushed at the contact while his companion chuckle before coughing into his hand when Haldir abruptly pulled back his hand as if my skin burned him. "Something of that sort." I replied with a small yawn. He reach over me for something and placed a towel around my head. "You need to keep warm. I can feel your body emitting an unusual amount of warmth, which means you are running with a high fever. Just get some sleep and I'll see how fast we can get you to see a healer back at the city." "Uh-huh. And I think I'll wake up and find this all a dream." I replied as my body began to relax thanks to the warm drink he gave me and the added warmth from the blankets he had piled on top of me. "Whatever." I said before sleep took a hold of my mind and beyond wearied body. "So where do you think she comes from since her clothes doesn't look like any that I've seen before." Asked his companion while staring down at the young woman. "She's not from these parts, I can tell you that much." Haldir reached down and caressed her burning cheek with the back of his hand. "I don't know, but if we don't get her to the healers before the next nightfall, we will be dealing with a dead body to bury before we even reach the city's gates." His companion peered down a moment longer before shaking his head in amazement. "Can you belive that she actually crossed the river without being carried off in the current? I was ready to run out but you held me back." "It was more for the safety of us, than for her's since these are dark times with the enemy constantly breaching our boarders in some shape or form." Haldir said quietly while pulling the furs more securely around her and withdrawing a little next to the fire pit. "But yes, its truley a feat that she somehow made it across in one piece. Let's rest. I'll take the first watch while you get some rest. We have a long day ahead if we are going to plan on making to the city by nightfall with her in tow." "Acadia is strange but very beautiful name. I wonder what it means." The other march warden said out loud while yawning as he fixed himself a spot to sleep. "As long as it doesn't mean any trouble, I'm fine with aiding her." Haldir replied flatly. "You and your dry sense of humor, Haldir." The other elf chuckled before drifting off to sleep. The captain didn't say anything as he stared with his far seeing eyes into the night, a part of his mind curious on the sleeping mortal woman not two feet away from him while the other tried to figure out what or how she came to land herself in the lands of his people. "I'm sure we will find out once the Lady has looked upon you in the coming days." He said softly as his eyes drifted to her sleeping form. "You are lucky that you didn't run into any Orcs along the way, or else they would have made a good meal out of you after a few other good sport that I'm sure, you mind wouldn't' even dare think of under the light of day." What a good way to end four, long, hard months of patrol amid the golden trees of the Lady's lands.