then unsteadily mounted a horse brought for his use should they find him. Elrohir gently, almost reverently passed the limp girl to her father. With everyone mounted, they rode back to the city. The wails of despair and grief as they rode through the levels of the city were many. Laralyn had been a much loved visitor along with her parents. To see the once lively and happy elven family ride through their streets covered in the blood of the young child was awful. When they reached the citadel, Legolas slipped from his horse still holding Laralyn and walked towards the House of Tombs where the royals of Minas Tirith took their dead. No one followed him. Nalina was taken to the healing halls still asleep from the sedatives. When Nalina woke, she walked to where she would find her family. Legolas sat beneath a skylight next to a white marble slab. Their daughter lay on the marble. She was cleaned of all blood and had a beautiful gown on. Her hair was brushed and she looked peaceful. Were it not for the lack of breath one would think she only slept. Nalina began to cry as she looked at her daughter. Legolas pulled her into his embrace and they cried for a long time. White walls surrounded them, but all they saw was death and blackness. Finally Nalina went silent and Legolas sat back to look into her eyes. They were blank. There was nothing there at all. No recognition, no feelings, no desire to continue living. With this revelation, Legolas felt his will to fight fleeing him. He hung his head utterly defeated. Many days passed and Nalina would not leave Laralyn's side. She slept among the dead with her child and slowly faded from her grief unwilling to fight it. Legolas watched helplessly as he lost his wife. He knew she was no longer there, but he couldn't let go. Not to death. He begged her to sail, to fight this with him, to do anything, but she did not acknowledge him. Legolas lifted her chin and gazed into her eyes. It was then that he knew that his wife, his beautiful, playful Nalina, was already dead, "There is nothing left of you. I can see it in your eyes. You are just waiting for me to let go. Days go on forever, but I have not left your side, meleth nin. Do not make me let you go, Nalina," he begged. Finally Nalina acknowledged Legolas, "You cannot bring me back to life anymore than you can Laralyn. You must let us go, Legolas. Say the last goodbye and let me go to her. I cannot do this any more." "If you go then so will I," Legolas replied through his tears, "We shall chase the dark together." "No, my love, you are stronger than me. I love you but I am dead alive. Goheno nin," (forgive me) Nalina said as she tiredly hung her head. Legolas raised her chin and gazed at her sadly. "I understand. No apology is needed. I love you and always will, my beautiful lady," Legolas said trying to choke back a sob. "We will all meet again, Legolas. I will guard our child until we are together again," Nalina said as she lowered her lips to his. Legolas savored that passionate kiss and felt his heart nealy stop when Nalina suddenly no longer reciprocated his affections. Her warm breath no longer brushed his throat. He pulled back and looked at the glossy, lifeless eyes of his soul mate and his breath came in ragged gasps. She was gone. Legolas sat there staring at his dead family while his heart broke and his world crumbled around him. Elladan and Elrohir went to check on them later and found Nalina dead. They pulled Nalina from the grasp of a near catatonic Legolas and left the tomb. They sedated Legolas and thought that perhaps he would recover, but the grief was too great. Legolas waited until the healers had left him alone and got up. He knew what he was looking for as he rifled through the cabinets. He had been around Elrond enough to know some things about medicines and correct doses. He also knew which were deadly when too much was administered. Finding what he had been looking for, Legolas silently made his way to the hall where his wife and daughter layed on a wide stone slab. Legolas looked over his beautiful girls as tears spilled from his eyes once again. Their skin was as white and cold as the winter snow. Legolas went to Laralyn's side, opposite from Nalina. He took a vial from his pocket and opened it. He no longer cared that this was an act that he would usually consider cowardly. He just wanted to be back with his family. With that thought in mind, Legolas downed the contents of the vial. It was definetly a leathal dose. As he began shaking and his breath started to catch, Legolas laid down next to his wife and daughter, "I will not leave... your side. I... cannot..," but Legolas was never able to finish that last sentence as his broken heart finally stopped beating and he felt the cold kiss of death before slipping into oblivion. Legolas was found by Aragorn, Elladan, and Elrohir. They entered the tomb to find Legolas curled up with Nalina and Laralyn. Aragorn rushed over but sagged in defeat to find no traces of life in their dearest friend. They looked upon the family that would not be separated even in death and mourned for the loss. "They are together again," Aragorn said to his weeping brothers, "Forever." A/N: This is dedicated to my little sister, Lauren, who wanted me to put my evil plot bunny to work on a tragedy to go with the song mentioned at the begining of this story! So you all can thank her for this rather sad story.