you, my Lord, my Lady, and my King, Nenya, Narya and Vilya." He opened the box. A hush fell. For a full minute, there was absolute silence. The three rings nestled in silk, two silver and one gold. They shone with an inner brilliance that seemed to eclipse that of the sun, shining in through the coloured windows, and even that of Galadriel herself. A ruby, an adamant and a sapphire they bore, set cunningly in their faces. Indeed the craftsmanship was unparalleled by any they had seen before, even by Galadriel, who alone of those present had seen the works of the Noldor in Tirion across the Sundering Sea. A tear rolled down her cheek. Círdan was stunned, his jaw clenched. Gil-Galad leaned forward for a closer look. Tenderly, he lifted the central ring, Vilya, of gold and sapphire, from the silk. The other two took theirs - Nenya, the ring of mithril and adamant, for Galadriel, and Narya, the ring of silver and ruby, for Círdan. They inspected them minutely, and as one, placed them on their fingers. "Truly," Gil-Galad whispered finally, "these are the mightiest gifts there ever were. You are blessed, Celebrimbor, and I thank and praise you, and the Lord of Gifts." Annatar stood above the precipice, lava churning far below him. He lifted the ring aloft, and slipped it onto the index finger of his right hand. It shrank, cutting deeply into his skin. He held his palm out before him, and his composure finally broke. He bared his teeth in a terrible grin. Suddenly, Galadriel shuddered and gasped. The others turned to see her faint, her eyes rolled back into her head. They stood and crowded round her. "What devilry is this?" Gil-Galad hissed, turning accusingly to Celebrimbor. "This was not my doing, I swear!" the craftsman cried in panic. Suddenly, Galadriel's back arched. She sat up rigid, and she spoke in a voice that was not her own. Annatar spoke, and his voice was wild and terrible and insane with lust. The chamber shook, and lava churned around him. The servant screamed and was consumed. At his words, runes were etched onto the ring in fire, and his face blurred and stretched towards it. A fiery wave spread from the ring up his arm and across his body, and in its wake, it replaced smooth skin and silken robes with hot, black metal. He spoke these words, and they are etched on the consciousness of all who know them for evermore. "Ash Nazg durbatulûk, Ash Nazg gimbatul, Ash Nazg thrakatulûk Agh burzum-ishi krimpatul!" 'One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all And in the darkness bind them!' The Elves stood dumbfounded, unable, for a moment, to comprehend what they had just heard. Then, their minds cleared. "Take them off!" Celebrimbor cried. "By all the Maia and the Valar and Eru himself take them off!" The two men obeyed in a frenzy of terror, and Celebrimbor wrenched Nenya from Galadriel's finger and flung it across the room. He dashed the other rings from their owners' hands and the three span in the middle of the floor with a ringing note. Celebrimbor wept, only now fully able to comprehend the folly of his own actions. Greed had blinded him, as it had his father Curufin and his grandfather, the mighty, accursed Fëanor. "We are betrayed. I have doomed us all." The forge was gone. In its place was a mere spit of stone, hanging over the settling pit of lava. Molten rock ran down the walls where it had been flung. The body of the servant was nowhere to be found. The doors had been blown open, the twitching limbs of the Orc guards protruding from mounds of rapidly cooling lava. The lake churned. From it rose a figure, dark and terrible. Black, horribly spiked armour encased it. No trace remained of the beautiful, treacherous being it had once been. It turned, and its face was a nightmare vision - the helmet opened like a mouth and within it, flames were sucked endlessly into a void blacker than the blackest night - a terrible, all-seeing eye. The figure climbed up from the lava and strode to the doors. It looked out at the desolate wasteland before it, covered in fresh lava flows and clouds of falling ash. Lightning flashed in the sky, and it raised its hand. The electricity sprang to the ring and sparked in a nimbus around its fist as it withdrew it. And Sauron, enemy of the Free Peoples of Middle Earth, and Dark Lord of Mordor, looked at this thing he had created, this small, precious thing that would come to cause so much pain, and hatred, and death... And he laughed. Hi all! So I wanted to try something a little bit different, and I went for this. Hopefully you liked it, and it wasn't too immediately obvious what was going on. It's been nice for me, to write something that isn't going to be long and drawn out and won't put pressure on me to finish it. I'm still working on RotH though - don't worry. This is such an iconic turning point in the history of the LotR mythos that I wanted to put my own spin on it. I was inspired by a piece of fanart I found on the internet (here is the link: art/The-Great-Ring-375319355) and the recent Shadow of Mordor game, but the details of the storyline and appearances of the characters (particularly Sauron. I'm quite chuffed with my Sauron. ;) ) are my own invention. Of course, all characters (apart from the Black Numenorean cultist and the Orc guards) and place names are copyright to Tolkien Enterprises. Oh, and I realise the Elves should be speaking Sindarin, probably even Quenya, but let's just use our imagination for that. After all, most people aren't perfect Elvish linguists; I know I certainly am not! Seeya! Simon