He just swayed there for a few minutes, his own murmured litany now melting into me, "I love you as well, my Ranger-child." He went on, repeating loving phrases in the melodious, sweet-sounding high-elvish, Quenya, so lyrical, like music, so soothing. I felt him moving somewhere and I opened my eyes a crack. He headed over to retrieve my cloak, and then he went down to the grass again, taking me with him, this time settling me directly on top of him, another favorite position after he had spanked me. He lifted his head and I slid my arms underneath for him to use as a pillow. He had once told me, "I would prefer to lie atop you and have you on the bottom right now, but I cannot do that to your poor backside." And I'd smiled, and said quietly, "Legolas, I may be atop you, but I am on the bottom." I grinned now at the memory, because it often came back to me when we were in this position. Legolas gazed up at me, his eyes glittering. "Aye, little Ranger," he said with a clever grin. "You are indeed on the bottom." I grinned with him, and he reached down to gingerly cup my blazing cheeks. "Oooowwwww!" I softly wailed, arching my back. "Legolas! Ow, ow, ow!" He released a quiet laugh, "Ah, I know, poor, tender-bottomed little boy." I frowned at him and he hummed in sympathy and said, "Oh, such a pout! Cannot bear even a gentle touch? No nice light rubbing?" "Oh, please!" I groaned. "No. Please, nothing." "Breeches left down then?" I shuddered. "Yes! Down. Please, leave them down. Do not pull them up." Again his eyes positively glittered. "I would not dream of it," he murmured. He swirled my cape up and over me. "You must suffer at least a little pressure from this, though. The night is cool, and you always begin to chill after being so well-behaved for me." I bit my lower lip as my cloak floated down atop my simmering bottom. He was right; I would begin to chill, although I felt another blush at his childish description of what had happened here. I had indeed been 'well-behaved for him,' and such always left me too drained to fight off cold or the repeated shivers that riddled my body, aftershocks of the ordeal. "Hmm," he now said, pulling the cloak off again. "I think 'twold be better, in fact, to remove the breeches altogether, lest you get tangled up in your sleep." "No, please. I do not think I'll be moving—Legolas, no! Owwww!" I cried out anew as he ignored my protests and shifted me off him onto my belly, then sat up and proceeded to strip off my breeches, yanking them right over my boots and off in one quick move. I cried out at every jarring move, feeling not the least bit apologetic. "No! Stop it! OW! Please! Legolas, do not!" He tsked and said, "Stop fussing, little one." At last he laid back down and picked me up, dragging me atop him again and tossing my cloak over my now half-naked body. I huffed and grimaced and grumbled, "Are you satisfied now? Why did you do that?" He raised a brow at me and said in a perfect authoritative manner, "Because I wanted to. And someone with such a sore posterior should mind his manners." I felt another pout crease my face and he watched me with an alarming gleam in his eyes. "Stop that at once. I was not too harsh with you. You know better than to close yourself off like that. And lest you think of making an ill-advised remark about others who do the same, let me remind you that my arm is still not tired." He grinned at my flinch. "As a means of achieving a goal, Estel, your behavior was most effective, but perhaps next time you shall swallow that excessive pride and come to me as you should have this time." I bit back my planned remark about the excessive pride of elves, and instead tactfully muttered, "I shall try." "That is all I ask." He leaned up and kissed me, then said, "We shall certainly need some salve tomorrow morning before the others are fully awake." I studied him. "We are staying out here all night?" "Aye, little Ranger. Gandalf is keeping watch. We shall not be disturbed. I wanted you all to myself this whole night." I grinned, a lovely tremor shooting through me. Legolas felt it and returned my lazy smile "Aye, well then, perhaps by morning I can tolerate some salve." "If there is any left," he said. "What?" "Estel, I think you can allow yourself to dip into the supply of athelas your packed from Rivendell. You brought a great deal." "Noooooo," I moaned. "I cannot. That is for emergencies only." "Your pretty bottom is on fire, sweetling. If that is not an emergency--" "It is not. We have a long road ahead with danger at any turn. I cannot spare one leaf of my supply. What if I were to desperately need it and I had used some for such a purpose?" I groaned again and buried my face against his shoulder. After a moment I said, "I feel you chuckling." "Oh, poor, Estel." He kissed my brow and hugged me closer. "Poor little boy. Having to be so responsible." "I fail to see the humor here." He laughed. "Well, take heart. Perhaps there is some left. Merry had handed what remained of it to Sam, and Pippin said something about there not being much, but they had left a little for Frodo. So, I do not know--" "Ohhhh," I muttered. "Those naughty little--" My beautiful elf closed his eyes and tipped his head back and laughed louder. "There are entirely too many spankings going on around here!" I sputtered. End Ranger-child chapter VI To be continued - Ranger-child chapter VII