said sternly. "It was a joke, Pet." "A joke you are never going to do again." Wet by the ankles, I trudged inside my house. Soaking from top to bottom, Pippin followed and sneezed. "Oh, no!" I said, leading him into the kitchen and putting the kettle on. "You have a cold. I shouldn't have gone the shortcut way! Sorry, Pippin. I'll just-" "It's not your fault just to have a bit of fun." "I'm irresponsible," I said quietly, sitting Pippin down at the couch and pouring the kettle water into the mug. Pippin thanked me as I gave him a cuppa. "I'll never be a proper Hobbit. I'll never be responsible in the coming-age…" "Don't dare say that," Pippin said kindly, as I sat down beside him. "You'll jinx it!" "I hope something big happens so I can prove myself useful." "Why, you're doing it right now! You've given me a nice warm cup and keeping me company!" As far as I knew, Mum wasn't in. Pippin placed his warm cup after taking a sip onto the kitchen table and I fished out a small, soft blanket and rubbed it over his head. Leaving the towel over his face, I walked over towards the window. Two small specks were rushing over from the distance. Pippin crossed over and smiled. "Pet!" he spoke quickly. "Bedroom! Now!" Confused, I reluctantly stood inside my room and sat on my bed. Over the room, on the shelf, was the drawing. I tried to remember… "Stand over there, you three…." A jolly voice called. "I'll draw you….. Leave your pipes in, there're good fellows!" It pained to hear that voice in my head. But I couldn't picture him. It definitely wasn't Merry. It wasn't Pippin. Where was he? Who was he? I started dropping out of my thoughts when I heard talking and laughing in the hallway. "It's good to see you!" voices came. I stood up, and left my room, entering the hall, to see what was so good to see. Three small figures, acting like children, were standing in the look of the sun. I recognised Pippin, bouncing like a rabbit, fine. Merry, happier than I normally see him, fine. Who was this other stranger? Obviously the one they saw at the pub. They stopped bouncing up and down and embracing each other as I came into view. "Pet!" Pippin laughed, outstretching an arm. "Come with!" I advanced towards them and I saw another Hobbit, with dark, curly, thick hair and a pale face as he spread a huge grin over his face. "Do you remember me?" he asked softly. I definitely remembered his voice from somewhere. I looked into his face, boring into his light, sky eyes. They were peaceful, like there could be absolutely no harm in his life. In a way, it annoyed me. "No." I said suddenly. "Try harder." The Hobbit said firmly and pressingly. I took a deep, troubled breath as I closed my eyes and tried. "Stand over there, you three…." His kind voice called. We grinned again and found a nice place in the meadow, lying by the cut grass, pipes sticking out of our gobs, smoke around us. The boy laughed as he drew us and kept on telling us to keep still or there would be no more stories from Bilbo… "Pet," he called, rushing over to my seat. It wasn't the same place. We were at the square, at Pippin's 15 th Birthday Party. "Come and dance with me." He gave me his arm and we danced with the others, laughing and smiling… Next memory, Pippin was bent over me, crying and sobbing. There was pain in my head and I could just see the dark-haired Hobbit on the other side of me, very pale, with a bag. He left….and he didn't come back… I angrily brushed the tears off my face. "No." I said, firmly, pushing away those happy memories. "I don't know you!" I finally forced a smile to his disappointed before I walked back to my room. "He's gone, Pet." Mum said, as I rushed to the garden. I saw him shrink into the distance. "No! No!" I called. I opened the gate and tried to follow him, but my head was in too much pain to keep up. Blinding pain hit my chest as Merry struggled to hold me back. Tears blinded my eyes as I opened my eyes that were big. "The stupid accident will make me forget him! Bring him back!" The dark mop of hair finally disappeared. He thought it was his fault that he couldn't save me. He left, so I wouldn't remember him. Back to the memory about when I was in bed and the Hobbit was over me. "Pet," he croaked. "Pet… I'm so, so sorry. I was there with you…. I could have saved you. A pair of dark dungers, a blue dirty undershirt was lying by my bed, on the ground, stained with blood. My hair was platted when the accident happened and a torn, bloodied hat was tossed into Pippin's lap… I raced to my drawer, trying desperately not to cry. I pulled out every item of material. Finally, my hands sought a pair of dungarees and a blue undershirt, weary and partly in scraps. Still holding onto the clothing that I found, I ran into the hallway. I tried to look for Pippin, Merry and the other one. No one was in the hallway. I ran outside, into the day, panting quickly and looking desperately for him. My eyes planted on the stranger, walking again into the distance, like last time. He was going to leave me, make me forget again, leave me into despair. Not that time. "Wait! Come back-" I called. His name. What was his name? "Odo!" I shrieked, running towards him. The Hobbit turned around, smiled as I reached him. "Pet." "Odo." "Nice try," 'Odo' said. Or should I say 'Frodo'. Thanks for reading!