Limwen who was happy gave him one in return. He kicked his horse's sides hard and rode out of the ruined city. Limwen watched the guard go and then turned towards Madril. "Hannon le," she said to him. Madril bowed and waved her off toward the guard tower. Limwen again drew her hood and walked briskly towards the guarded tower. The two guards stopped her by crossing their spears. "Who may I ask wants an audience with Captain Faramir?" one of the guards asked. "An old playmate," answered Limwen keeping her eyes downcast. "Wait here and I will announce you," the other guard said. "I am perfectly capable of doing than myself thank you," she said as she pushed past the guards and shut the door behind her before they could protest. Limwen walked up the narrow winding staircase until she reached the only door at the top. She took a deep breath and opened the door. Faramir was bent over a small desk set up against one of the many small windows that dotted the circular room. He had grown and changed since she had last seen him. He had been sent with the other rangers to Ithilien around the same time of her betrothal to Theodred. "It's amazing how a year and half can change people so vastly and quickly," she thought. Faramir was more lean and muscular than the somewhat pudgy boy she had played with as a child. He had grown taller and he had a small scruffy beard that he seemed to nurture with great care. "What news from the scouts along the river, Madril?" Faramir asked without turning around. "Since when do you have armed men guarding your door?" answered Limwen. Faramir spun around as Limwen lifted her hood. Faramir smiled and put down his pen and paper. "They were father's idea," Faramir said as he strode towards her. "What are you doing here?" he said as he hugged her. "I came back and they told me you had been sent to Edoras to secure an alliance with Rohan by marrying Prince Theodred." "They did send me but Theodred is dead," Limwen said with a slight edge on her voice. "Oh, forgive me, Limwen," answered Faramir. "It's all right. There are things of greater concern than my feelings which I must share with you once Madril arrives," said Limwen. "Ah, well then, how is your father?" asked Faramir. Limwen fell silent and drifted toward one of the windows of the tower. "My father is dead," she whispered. "Dead? How? When?" asked Faramir who stayed where he was. "Murdered by Denethor or one of Denethor's assassins," spat Limwen. She kept her eyes on the mountain range that surrounded Mordor. She tried to ignore the cold lidless gaze of Sauron. She felt him watching her every move and every emotion going through her mind. Rage brewed in her heart and she felt the lidless eye almost laugh aloud with joy and triumph as the rage caused her blood to boil. She squeezed her hands together and thought of the Golden Wood. She thought of herself and Legolas in the Golden Wood running through the trees and dancing in their famous forest circles. Haldir, Galadriel, Celeborn, her father and her mother were there with them talking and laughing. There was no war and no fighting. Limwen sighed; her happy place kept her going only she was mature enough to know that this fantasy could never come true. She calmed her rage and pushed it down deep inside herself. "Limwen?" She heard Faramir say tentatively. She turned to face Faramir and noticed Madril standing beside him. "I'm sorry," she apologized and walked towards the men. "Well since you are both here, we can discuss things properly. She gestured them to sit down. Once they were comfortable she began to tell her tale. She had just informed them of what Pippin had seen and of Sauron's plan when Faramir interrupted her. "From the way you describe Pippin, he doesn't sound like a grown man." "Hardly," she said, "he is still a young hobbit." Madril and Faramir exchanged glances and looked back at her. "You have seen a hobbit before?" she asked carefully. Madril nodded, "Two." "You have met with Frodo and Sam?" she asked loudly. Madril and Faramir nodded. "HA!" cried Limwen. "Thank the Valar they are alive! How where they? Were they all right? Tell me everything." Faramir seemed surprised by her outburst of questions but he answered her as if he were unfazed. "Sam looked fair from what we could tell. Frodo looked like he was holding onto sanity by its last thin string. The pull of the One Ring is becoming harder for him to resist as the days wear on." Limwen nodded she had heard Gandalf and Aragorn discuss the downfall of King Isildur. Though he had defeated Sauron, he was no match for the power of the Ring. It corrupted him and eventually led to his death. She had never experienced the pull of the One Ring, and she hoped she would never have to. She couldn't possibly imagine how the Ring had tempted Legolas and Aragorn while they traveled with Frodo for however short a time they did. "Sam also didn't seem to like that other little creature, did he, Faramir?" asked Madril. "Nay, I don't think he liked him at all, very grotesque, little creature wasn't he?" said Faramir. Madril nodded. "Who else was with Frodo and Sam, you say?" asked Limwen. "Frodo called him Smeagol, but Sam called him Gollum." Madril said. "The wretched thing called Frodo his master. Frodo only said Gollum was their guide of some sort," Faramir said. "I let them go. I knew the Ring couldn't help us. Father didn't really take any action against my choice. He seemed to already know the Ring couldn't be a blessing to us. It seemed that he already had another idea in mind." "An idea my father thwarted," Limwen whispered.