as Aragorn and Aragorn's wounds were much more severe than his were. Aragorn was up and walking around by the end of the week. However, Legolas stayed in bed plagued by his horrible nightmares and his condition slowly deteriorating. The dreams were starting to take over Legolas's whole mind. Whenever he was, alone the dreams would come. He was now spending all of his days curled up in a ball rocking back and forth in the windowsill in his room. Every so often Aragorn would come in and sit with him and some of the fear would go away. Still it plagued his every thought. He did not eat, and he did not talk. The only movement he did was moving from his bed to the windowsill in the morning and back to the bed at night. He hardly got any sleep now. His sleep was distraught by the dreams. As were his days. Elrond had tried every sleeping potion possible but nothing suppressed the dreams. Finally, in despair Elrond sent word to the prince's father that he needed to come to Rivendell quickly. Four days later, his ada arrived. He ran into the room to find his son curled in a ball crying and screaming. Thranduil grabbed his son in an eternal embrace tears streaming down his face as he tried to calm his youngest son. To no avail, his called for his eldest daughter Loriel who was like a mother to Legolas. She came in, and in a matter of minutes was able to subdue the dreams and get him to eat and drink. "How does she do that?" Aragorn asked wonder filling his voice. "She has been like a mother to Legolas since Naneth died. He trusts her." Thranduil replied solemnly. A tear glistened in his eye. For even after all these years he still missed his wife tremendously. Aragorn's attention turned towards the window, looking down at the gates. "Gandalf? Gandalf‼!" He yelled excitedly as he ran down to meet him. Gandalf was talking to Elrond. "Why hello again Aragorn." Gandalf said with a chuckle. Both Aragorn and Elrond led him to Legolas. Gandalf walked in let out a small gasp and then quickly exited catching his breath. Thranduil looked at Gandalf in surprise. "Is my son alright?" Thranduil asked a pleading expression in his eyes. "I wish you had got me sooner." Gandalf said gravely. "Your son I am afraid is possessed by an evil spirit. I will try my best to get it to flee from his body." Gandalf said placing a comforting hand on the heart wrenched elf distraught covering his face. Gandalf shoed Loriel out and went in closing the door behind him. Aragorn to curious for his own good opened the door slightly not as to be seen but just enough to see Gandalf raising Legolas into the air, his beautiful blond flowing hair hanging down and touching the bed. Legolas's eyes were closed and Gandalf was chanting in some kind of random tongue. Then the room started to glow. Aragorn's eyes filled with horror as he watched and heard Gandalf speak to the creature and through Legolas's mouth around five different voices sounded. "We are the fear chasers. Our purpose is to take a small childhood fear and turn it into food for us to live on. We travel from person to person igniting the worst fear they ever had as a child and using it for our power." The voice was very subduing and Aragorn felt himself wanting more of the horrible yet soothing voice. Elrond happened to walk past at that moment just as Aragorn's eyes were rolling into the back of his head. The spirit sensed his new target. Elrond somehow stopped the spirit from jumping bodies, and quietly led Aragorn away from his friend. He did not need two spiritually possessed princes on his hand. He then heard a wailing sound coming from Legolas's room but it was five different voices. "That's the spirit…" Aragorn said mysteriously. Elrond looked at him. "Son snap out of it. You do not want to be subdued by that creature." Elrond said slapping his son across the face. "OWWWWW" Aragorn said holding his cheek. "That's better." Elrond said looking lovingly at his son. "Spirits be gone‼‼‼‼!" Gandalf's voice echoed through Rivendell. There was a final scream by the spirits then Legolas's cries. Thranduil rushed upstairs followed by Aragorn, Loriel, Elrond, and the twins. (Did not mention this before Elladen and Elrohir are twins… oops left out that detail…) Legolas was lying on the bed face down fully stretched out *not curled in a ball anymore* sobbing. "Oh… everyone I am so sorry….." he said through his sobs "I have terrified all of you and caused more grief than is possible to bear." He sobbed harder. His father and sister hugged him and then Aragorn hugged him. The two best friends sat there both crying now for Aragorn had been bottling it all up inside of himself for a while. Elrond tried to pull them apart but found it was useless. Everyone left the room. "Can you tell me now what the dreams were like exactly?" Aragorn asked. The elf moved his eyes around trying to search his memory. "I can't remember them at all now. I guess Gandalf got rid of it." He laughed. "That's the first time I've heard you laugh for about a month!" Aragorn laughed back. "What was I like the past month? I don't remember how I acted." "Well mostly you sat in your windowsill screamed cried and you would not talk or eat. It really was quite scary watching you slowly drift out of this life." A tear rolled down Aragorn's cheek. Legolas wiped it away. "Thank you for staying with me throughout it all mellon nin (my friend)." "What are friends for?" Aragorn asked then answering his own question "To help their friends in a time of need." He smiled at Legolas. The End