breasts against my chest, her thighs against my own. This is… I cannot find words, so I push until her back is against the opposite wall and I am before her. She bites the corner of her lip, drawing my eyes to her mouth. She smiles and I am undone. I bend my head to hers and smile when I see how she is watching me. At first, I brush her lips, a mere graze, to gage her reaction. She does not disappoint me. When I move to pull away, she shakes her head and buries her long fingers in my hair, pulling my head back down. This time it is she that captures my mouth, and for a long moment I am disarmed as her warm lips move clumsily over mine. I feel a groan escape my throat at the taste of her – sweet, with a dash of strong, bitter tea and mint. I cannot get enough. With boldness I thought I would not have with her, I tug on her lower lip with my teeth, feeling victorious when she takes the hint and opens her mouth. Her tongue moves slowly, too slowly, and I press harder against her, my fingers gripping onto her waist. I want to reach my hand up and move a thumb over her breast, but for an unfathomable reason, I feel the need to savour the feel of her, so I let my hands become lazy, tracing the lines of her waist and hips. Her own fingers are knotted in my hair, though I soon feel one tentatively moving to lie on my chest. Her fingers claw at the collar of my tunic and her nails are scratching the bare skin at my neck. I want to taste every inch of her skin. I cannot, I know, but against my better judgement I break away from her mouth and revel in the low, disappointed sigh that hitches when my lips move to her neck. I cannot decide what I want to do the most, so I do everything. I bite her skin, lick her collarbones, pepper kisses over the breasts that are now barely contained as she arches her back to bring herself closer to me. I return to her mouth, cupping her face tenderly with my hands. I don't know what I want her to take from this, but I know what I am giving – I feel as if the essence of my heart has left, swallowed by her mouth and taken deep into her own chest. She returns the kiss, and somehow I know that she understands in the way that her hands grip onto my shoulders, as if she does not want this to end. I know that almost an hour has passed, though I do not care. I lean my forehead against hers, tracing her cheeks with my thumbs. I am intoxicated. She is breathing heavily, and her eyelids flutter. "I leave tomorrow," I whisper eventually. I realise she understands more than she speaks because she nods, and a shadow crosses her face. I want her to understand. "I do not know how long I will be gone for…" I trail off. At once she takes a hold on my wrists and firmly places them on her waist in an unspoken offering. I shake my head, though I know I will regret it later. "When I return, I will come to you," I vow. Something inspires me, then, and I shove a hand into my pocket and fumble around, finally fishing out something I keep with me always – a leather tag, engraved with the initials of my mother. "Take it," I say firmly and place it into her palm and close her fingers around it. "Wait for me," I urge her. When she finally nods, I know then that given the chance, I will love her. I will love her, and let her consume me. She nods again and shyly opens her mouth. "Boromir," she sounds out quietly, and I realise then that she has known all along who I am, as her tongue so sweetly twists over the name that is as foreign to her as hers is to me: Sura. My face breaks into a triumphant grin and we are laughing again, though I stop laughing after only a second and kiss her open mouth, pulling her flush against me. I want her to wake with invisible tracks on her body from where my hands have touched her; I want her to remember me. We kiss and kiss and kiss until I hear Faramir clearing his throat, finally having found us. I touch her cheeks, wondering at the deep pink blush that spreads from her neck to her face. I take her hand and kiss her knuckles, before pulling her to me again and crushing my mouth to hers. When at last I finally leave, I raise a single hand in farewell from the end of the tiny street. She mirrors my action, her lower lip quivering. I cannot help it; I jog back and kiss the offending lip, ignoring Faramir's laugh that is growing louder as I kiss her eyelids, then her jaw that is clenched. She is grinding her teeth together, to stop tears. I step away again. This time she does not let her mouth shake. She draws herself up taller, and I am ensnared by her all over again. I rake a hand through my hair and wave again. Faramir has to drag me around the bend. "Happy, brother?" he asks, clapping me on the shoulder. I let out a loud, disbelieving laugh. "Look out for her," I turn to him, suddenly wanting to know that he will. He nods. "And together we will deal with Father upon your return," he grins wolfishly and we walk back up the winding streets, arm in arm. . . . Thank you, a thousand times over, to freudianprincess and annafan for reading this over.