of survivors, my companion yells, "Children! What are your names? Have you been here alone…all this time?" The child on the left glances back, over his shoulder before looking to his companion. Again, the first child speaks. "Please…will you help us?" Something odd came to me as they began walking along the shoreline, never touching the water, walking towards that gnarled mass of black trees and brackish pool. More odd than the lack of fear or desperation, more odd than two children being out here alone…. "Their eyes." I nearly gasp it as it occurs to me, the full weight of the boy's gaze falling on me. My companion draws in a sharp breath as he sees as well. "What are your names?" His tone demands more than just questions. "Please! We cannot cross unless you will help us!" Now the child's voice is more desperate and it chills my blood. "Perhaps they cannot swim," my companion mutters and starts forward. I grab his arm, nearly pitching myself into the water as my horse quivers and stamps a hoof. "No! See how careful they are to not touch the water! And think; how could two boys so young survive this long alone in those woods?" "Would you do nothing?" "Please, please ! Will you not help us?" They are crying now, sobbing in terror. "Why would the spiders let them be?" I harden my heart to the boys' pleas, grabbing my companions shoulder to look into his eyes. "Think on this. It cannot be right!" "Would you leave them to the mercy of the spiders then?" "Please, we just need to get home. Please, help us!" Everything in me screams they are unnatural, darkened creatures and I reach to grab my bow. "No, I will not leave them to the spiders, but we cannot let them cross." "No!" He grabs my arm. "You cannot kill them! They are children! Survivors of --" "They are dead already. Look!" Indeed as the light breaks through the haze for a moment, a shaft of light falls on the forest, and illuminates the boys. Beautiful they are, porcelain skin, hair as brown as the newly turned earth. Strong and slim, silver circlets holding their hair back catches the light and gleams with a cold light. But their eyes….their eyes are black. All black, with no color escaping that darkness. "What…?" "Please….we cannot leave without your help!" I dig my fingers into my companion's arm to keep him from going forward, even as he tries to pull away. "Those are not children!" "We cannot leave—" The sunlight is gone suddenly as a cloud sweeps forward and from the forest it looks as though a thousand tiny lights burn, flickering a cold, gleaming blue. "We must leave!" The horses are all but screaming in terror, rearing and fighting to follow their instincts; they would soon break free of the loyalty holding them there. "We must go NOW!" "Please! Do not leave us!" Sobbing, the boys hold out their hands, entreating us. But I know, whatever, whomever they had been had long since fled. What is left is pure terror and I sense only darkness. The first horse rears and charges off. I fight my mare, using all my skill to keep her in place as I try one last time to gain my companion's attention. He stands, knee-deep in that murky dark water, watching the boys. Mesmerized again. "Eruenvinyanto!!" He begins wading forward, unable to resist the pleas any longer. I cannot not watch, and yet how can I just leave him there? "No…" Choice is ripped from me as my mare spins and bolts. The last view I have of Eruenvinyanto is him swimming hard to reach the boys who seem to glow with a nimbus of black light that steals the joy and light from all around it. I sob, for the boys who had never had a choice, and for my friend, whom I hoped would be able to hear Lord Námo's call when his fëa fled his body. I ride hard, always keeping the river between that blackened, twisted forest and myself. The trip is a blur, and I remember only stopping long enough for the horses to rest before pushing them hard again. The terror rode hard with me, and it was not until I reached the Falls of Sirion that I felt enough out of harm's way to slow my pace. I did not feel safe again until I was at the sea, and the Powers near. My youth was left behind me in that forest. I have seen what this land can do to even we who dared call ourselves mighty. Born of Aman or born of this Middle-earth, it matters not. I will not be sorry to see this land sink and return again to my home where Manwë's Eagles fly. But one last thing I had to do, and though it was some time before I found survivors of Doriath who would even talk to me of that horror. I had to know. It was an older woman, a Silvan lady who had baked and cooked for Dior's people who finally spoke with me. She, who finally answered my question with a quick drawing of two faces, earth-brown hair and sweet smiles. The faces of two who had been led out into the forest and left to die, years before. Too many years to yet be boys. The very same faces that had cried out to me across the river. The background was a forest and in one of the trees… No, it could not be. A web and in that web, hanging with legs dangling…a spider. Beneath the drawing she scribbled: From the darkness was I bred To the darkness was I born From the shelter were they led And in the darkness left forlorn _______________________________________________ End, but please let me know if you liked it, or have suggestions. Thanks for reading and Happy Halloween! :)