and the diffuse light dazzled them, then wind gusts were felt, the wind blew making the grass bend down. The dwarfs looked up and saw the mass of a big belly passing above them. A big flying monster was now landing above the Great Beast, it stuck its claws in the great animal and bit its neck, dropping its weight on the defenseless prey and causing it to fall beneath its huge body. The Great Beast growled before falling, Rurur was astonished. "Oh! Big Flying Beast!" "Shhh!" Olaf hissed. Both stood looking at the scene while the predator killed its prey. "Look at all the blood..." Rurur whispered. "Ye shut your mouth up before it notices us! Where did this creature come from?" Olaf asked as he crouched a little more. Rurur saw him hiding and did the same. The big flying monster was now tearing the flesh of the dead animal and beginning to eat it. Rurur looked at Olaf as if expecting something from him. "What do we do?" Olaf looked at the berries in the bags and then back to the carnage happening ahead. "Let's not spoil its appetite, nor give him our flesh as an extra spice..." "Yes… this sounds like a good idea." For a while they just watched the scene. Blood spilled from the dead carcass, flesh being ripped and bones being broken in a savage carnage. The more the flying monster seemed satisfied, the more the dwarfs crouched. It was then that Rurur spoke again, "Are ye feeling…?" "What?" Olaf asked looking at him. The weather suddenly got colder and darker, strangely darker than it should be. Then the sound of horse steps on the grass were heard, a sound like metal boots hitting stirrups, the dwarfs looked up to the sky and saw some dark clouds; the ambience had changed quickly, and with no visible explanation. A third newcomer showed ahead, a dark horseman on his horse, and what a big, muscular dark horse, they thought. The horseman was wearing a black cloak that covered his entire body; he slowly approached the flying beast as it was still eating the prey, the big monster noticed his presence and turned his head to stare at him in a quick motion. The rider dismounted with a smooth leap but when his weight hit the ground it was as if a boulder had fallen there. The flying beast turned toward him and bent its wings getting in an attack stance. Olaf and Rurur were sure that the monster would devour the rider at any moment but then the mysterious newcomer reached out his hand toward the the creature, the beast hesitated for a moment and growled. In a quick blow, it bit the rider's cloak, a small piece of cloth was ripped off and fell on the ground. But the rider had no reaction at all; he then went closer to the beast and the dwarfs heard strange sounds, like an evil voice talking in a malignant incomprehensible language, a ghost whispering words of death. The beast lowered its head and froze, the rider went even closer, his voice was heard like a dark murmur in the air. Olaf looked at Rurur and saw he was pale like milk. It was then that the dwarfs witnessed the strangest scene of the entire episode, the flying beast bent and laid down on the ground, the rider circled its head and in a rapid jump mounted the monster. The big beast stirred up and twisted its head as it roared. The Dark Rider said one more time the strange words, the flying monster opened its wings and growled so loud that both dwarfs covered their ears as the sound was tremendous. Then it flapped its wings and jumped in the air making so hard a wind blow that it caused all the grass around to bow down. Olaf and Rurur crouched down and hid in the bush, the monster and its rider went higher, its body passed above them again and the last rays of sunlight dimly lit the ambient once more. The dwarfs looked at each other and stood silent for a few moments, trying to recover to say something, then finally Rurur spoke, "By the bones of our fathers... what was that?" Olaf did not answer, he got up and looked at the dead animal carcass; that part of the field was covered in blood. Rurur continued, "Did ye see what I just saw? I think…" "Where is the horse?" Olaf interrupted. The other dwarf looked around trying to find it. "It's gone... like a ghost... we should go back… Now…" "Maybe this is the best idea ye have had in a long time!" They rose from the ground and were about to leave when Olaf held Rurur's arm. "Wait!" he said. He advanced towards the big dead animal, Rurur saw him crouch to take something from the ground, and in the exact moment he did it, Olaf froze and fell down. "Oh!" Rurur exclaimed and he ran to his friend. He reached Olaf and noticed he was pale and petrified, his body was cold like ice, in his hand was a piece of cloth, and Rurur saw the moment when it disintegrated in the hand of his friend, like burning paper. "What are ye doing?" he asked, resting his friend's head on his lap. Olaf seemed unconscious, but with some slaps on his face, he came back. "Olaf! Talk to me!" Rurur insisted. "I… I saw something… Shadows moving…" Olaf babbled. Rurur helped his friend to get up. "Whatever it was, let's talk about it under the rocky ceiling of our house!" The two dwarfs rushed back to the road, and then towards home, back to the RockFoot stronghold, on the hillside. TO BE CONTINUED… More about dwarfs. The Eastern Dwarfs saga is a trilogy and you can get the first book for free! Find out more about it in the official website. .com