kill you if the minions of Sauron did not find you first." Estel lifted his head from the bed, and swung his legs over the side of the bed. Taking a deep breath he stood and walked over to the healer standing at the foot of Legolas' bed, and placed the antidote in his hands before his body wilted to the cold floor beneath him. "What is it? What has he given to you?" The healer stared at the vial and uncorked it, sniffing the contents. "It is the antidote Sire." Thranduil lifted Estel and placed him back on the bed, while the healer went about giving Legolas the antidote to the poison that was slowly killing him. Thranduil rubbed the stray hair from Estel's forehead and felt the heat coming off him. He stared down at the bleeding hands, and the windburned face, and wondered not only how but also why the adan had gone. It was two days later and Legolas opened his eyes for the first time. His father's face stared back at him, smiling to see his son on the way to recovery, but when Legolas' eyes shifted to the left of his father he could see Estel in the bed beside him. "Estel!" he screamed, trying to scramble from the bed. Legolas' own legs were not sturdy enough yet to hold him up for long and he fell atop Estel's bed. The sound of the commotion brought the door opening and Lord Elrond running in. "What has happened, has Estel woken?" he asked helping Thranduil to put Legolas back in his bed. Their efforts were in vain as Legolas once again tried to get to Estel, and in the end they helped him into the bed where Estel laid. "What happened Ada? Why is Estel here, and why is he as he is now?" Thranduil told Legolas all he knew about Estel leaving, and how he had found him on the steps three days before. "He spoke to me harshly saying I did not know you Legolas. That you feared things that you do not share with others. How does someone else know and yet neither myself not Lothriel was privy to it?" Legolas swallowed back the sob wanting to escape and looked first Lord Elrond and then his father in the eye. "It was as I visited Estel and we went out on a hunt. You remember it father for we came back injured, but what you do not know is what happened while we were there. The men of the village were cruel, claiming that no adan should ride alongside an elf. Estel spoke to them, telling them they were wrong, even going as far as to kill when they threatened my life." Thranduil flinched at his son's words but he begged him to continue, Lothriel coming in during the conversation to stand by the door. "It was as we were held captive that I gave up hope, but not Estel. He talked to me, he asked me about what I feared, about my goals in life, and everything else he could think of, and I found it easy to tell him." "Why did you find it easy to tell him, when you could not tell any others?" Legolas looked shamed but he went on. "Estel does not judge me. He does not care if I am weak, or if I have fears for he too has fears and weakness. I thought that his attention to my needs would end when we were rescued but he wrote to me often, and each time he asked me to send him back letters of how I was doing, if there was anything I needed to talk to him about. He never stopped writing not even when I sent him a twelve page letter complaining about everything, he only wrote back telling me how much he cared, and that he was there for me." Legolas could not go on any further, for the sobs had choked off any remaining words. Lothriel stood in the corner of the room, tears running down his face to match those of his king. How often had he simply sat and just talked to Legolas? How often had he really cared if Legolas needed to talk? He recalled a time when Legolas had come to him. They had spent the night speaking of the evils of Arda, and how they frightened them both, but he had left and told Legolas he had other things to do. Now he understood, now that it was too late. It was early the next morning when Estel felt someone rubbing his face with the cool cloth. He fought back the pull to stay where he was, for it was peaceful there. He opened his eyes to see those of his brother, Thranduil, and the piercing blue eyes of Legolas staring back at him. He wanted to speak to them, but his mouth no longer would form words. He stared at his Ada first the tears in his eyes telling him his time was near, and his father held his hand tightly in his grasp. Estel next looked to Thranduil, is eyes brimming with tears, and then his gaze once again fell upon his friend of so many years. Estel coughed and his words were raspy a soft but the elven ears in the room heard them nonetheless. "You are well, so my death will not be in vain for I love you," and Estel smiling, closed his eyes on the world of Arda. Legolas wept openly that day, and Lord Elrond was inconsolable. Someone they had considered a son, a friend was gone and nothing could bring him back. It was the next day as they stood at his grave that Legolas cleared his throat. The tears streamed down his face as he turned to face everyone there. "Today we mourn Estel son of Elrond, but I wish to tell you about Estel my friend."