like me to show you to your new room?" Thranduil sipped his wine as he went through the letters addressed to him. There were some letters expressing concerns over the recent sightings of spiders, and orc packs at the borders of the Woodland Realm. There was a letter from the king of Araytia who suggested Thranduil to send a representative or a scholar of some sort to exchange treaties with them again. There were also several letters sent from both Lothlorien and Imladris. But the thing that has been burning at the back of his head the whole day was: Velossfaeniel was slain three hundred years ago. He smiled bitterly to himself. It didn't hurt as much now when he was thinking back to that particular day. Time was slowly healing his wounds, and numbed the pain in his heart. Though he wasn't as light hearted as he was before, but he had found peace in his mind. His thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the entrance of his son and Tauriel standing behind him. They had been back from hunting the spiders that have been ravaging the forest. "Adar, we are back." Legolas said. "The spiders were driven back. But Feredir was slain, and we've now lost our captain of the guard." Thranduil sighed. Another one of his warriors gone. "Looks like we need a new captain then. Tauriel, how about you take Feredir's place? You are a skillful and experienced warrior. I trust you will have the strength to lead the elven guard." Thranduil said, looking at her. Tauriel looked surprised, but she stepped forward and replied, "Thank you my lord, I will serve you well." Tauriel gave a sharp bow and stepped behind Legolas once again. "Then it is settled. Tauriel, you may leave." Thranduil dismissed the elleth and she left the study, leaving the king and the prince alone. "Adar, tonight...should we go…" Legolas implied what he was going to say, and Thranduil understood. He stood up and nodded. "Yes," he replied, "We will go to your nana's garden tonight, as we have done every single year." He stood up from his seat and ventured next to Legolas. "Come, ion-nin." "But father, don't you still have your duties to attend to? I see a ton of letters on your desk that you haven't gone through yet." Legolas eyed the mass of letters and documents on his desk. "For tonight, my duties can wait. Come, ion-nin." Legolas took the two lanterns laid on the two sides of his desk and gave one to his father. They went to Queen Velossfaeniel's memorial garden, with the marble tomb eternally resting in the middle. The father and the son stood there, side by side, in front of the tomb. They did not say anything, but the feeling was mutual. They both missed the Queen of Mirkwood. "Three hundred years…" Legolas whispered. "Nana's been gone for three hundred years." "Together we have carried this grief with us for three centuries, my son." Thranduil replied. "Time has soothed our pain." "Yes, adar, it doesn't hurt as much as it did before. But I want to see nana again." His son gave him a sad smile. "And we will. She is in Valinor, and we will meet her there when we sail there." The king said firmly. "Dark times are upon us. May we hold the strength to get through these shadowed times, reunite as one family again over the sea." They laid their lanterns in front of the tomb and left the garden, hand in hand. Translations: Ada/Adar: Daddy/Father Nana/Naneth: Mommy/Mother Ion-nin: my son Places: Mirkwood: The Woodland Realm of Middle Earth. Araytia: A place of a neighbouring realm, which secures trade and alliance with Mirkwood. The Border: The place where Araytia and Mirkwood intercepts with each other, and allows their people to travel through these two realms by passing through it. (Except from Mirkwood, all places are created by author.) People: Thranduil Oropherion: The Elvenking of Mirkwood, husband of Velossfaeniel, father of Legolas. Velossfaeniel: The Queen of Mirkwood, wife of Thranduil, mother of Legolas, deceased. (Original Character) Legolas Thranduilion: The Prince of Mirkwood, the only son of Thranduil and Velossfaeniel. Tauriel: Orphaned elleth due to orc raid, Taken care of by King Thranduil, later Captain of the Mirkwood Guard. Feredir: Former Captain of the Guard, deceased. (Original Character) The King and Queen of Araytia: They secure trade and joint protection of the Border by signing treaties with King Thranduil once every three years. In this story, they are used as a contrast to Thranduil and Velossfaeniel. As much as they claim to feel pity for the king and his son, they can never truly understand the pain of the Elvenking. They have never lost each other, and had never felt the pain of separation. They carry no descendants. (Original Characters) Hi everybody! Firstly, if you've gotten to this part, thank you for reading this short piece. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I had a lot of fun writing this. If you haven't listened to The Snow by Sir Edward Elgar, I recommend you do. It's a very beautiful choral piece accompanied with piano and two violins. I was inspired by this song so much because I have been preparing this piece for the past six months for inter-school choir competitions, and it's a very moving song. It immediately made me think of Thranduil :') The italicized words in the poem were cited directly from the song, and those words belong to Sir Edward Elgar's late wife, Caroline Alice Elgar, the lyricist of the piece. If you want to know more about Araytia, I'm planning to write a full-length LoTR fanfic featuring Araytia as one of its main settings, which might give you more information about the place. If you want to read that, please let me know either in the comments or through PM :) Again, Thank You so much for reading this! Please comment, fav and follow! 3 Lexa x.