heard the tale of the Fall of Gondolin, tithen pen?" Estel sighed, "I… I was supposed to study that last week… but I kind of…" "You fell asleep, did you not?" Legolas asked, his blue eyes narrowing, "You should have stayed awake for such a tale, Estel. For it tells more about Glorfindel." The boy shied away at the Elf's expression, turning around and facing the book once more. "Will you tell it to me?" Nodding, Legolas' soft and kind expression returned. "Of course, Estel. But not today. It can be your lesson for tomorrow, agreed?" "Agreed!" the boy laughed, "Oh, but what happens to Húrin, Legolas?" "Well… perhaps we should find out, hmm?" Then all the hosts of Angband swarmed against them, and they bridged the stream with their dead, and encircled the remnant of Hithlum as a gathering tide about a rock. There, as the Sun westered and the shadows of the Ered Wethrin grew dark, Huor fell pieced with a venomed arrow in the eye, and all the valiant men of Hador were slain about him in a heap; and the Orcs hewed their heads and piled them as a mound of gold in the sunset. Last of all Húrin stood alone. Then he cast aside his shield, and seized the axe of an orc-captain and wielded it two-handed; and it is sung that the axe smoked in the black blood of the troll-guard of Gothmog until it withered, and each time that he slew Húrin cried aloud: 'Aure entuluva! Day shall come again!' Seventy times he uttered that cry; but they took him at last alive, by the command of Morgoth, who thought thus to do him more evil than by death. Therefore the Orcs grappled Húrin with their hands, which clung to him still, though he hewed off their arms; and ever their numbers were renewed, till he fell buried beneath them. Then Gothmog bound him and dragged him to Angband with mockery. Thus ended the Nirnaeth Arnoediad, as the Sun went down beyond the Sea. Night fell in Hithlum, and there came a great storm of wind out of the West. Great was the triumph of Morgoth, though all the purposes of his malice were not yet accomplished. One thought troubled him deeply and marred his victory with unquiet: Turgon had escaped his net, of all his foes the one whom he had most desired to take or destroy. For Turgon of the great House of Fingolfin was now by right King of all the Noldor; and Morgoth feared and hated the House of Fingolfin, because they had scorned him in Valinor and had the friendship of Ulmo his foe; and because of the wounds that Fingolfin gave him in battle. And most of all Morgoth feared Turgon, for of old in Valinor his eye had lighted on him, and whenever he drew near a dark shadow had fallen on his spirit, foreboding that in some time that yet lay hidden in doom, from Turgon ruin should come to him. "But what happened to Húrin, Legolas?" Estel asked, turning pleading eyes to the Elven prince. The archer smiled sadly, "He became a captive of Morgoth, obviously." Sighing, the boy nodded, "I know that… but what happened AFTER?" and suddenly the child launched into a fury of questions. "Did he ever see Turgon again? Did he escape Morgoth? Did he get blinded like… like Gelmir? Did he get his arms and legs cut off? Or his head cut off?" Legolas placed a hand on Estel's head. "Sidh, tithen pen. I can not continue the story right now." "Why not?" Estel pouted. "Because," came a voice from the doorway. "It is time for dinner." Looking up, both Elf and boy saw Elladan standing there. A few moments later, Elrohir joined him. "Come on, Legolas, Estel. We are all waiting for you to start dinner." Standing, the boy rushed toward the Elven twins, jumping into Elladan's arms. "Guess what!" Humoring the child, Elladan spoke. "Legolas promised he would take you off our hands for good?" Frowning, Estel shook his head. "Not funny, El… But," the boy immediately brightened. "But he told me a story about Men!" Both twins looked to Legolas, who was replacing the book on one of the library's many shelves. "A story of Men, Legolas? Where did you learn such a thing?" Elrohir asked, obviously intrigued. Elladan nodded, "Last I heard, your father kept no tales of Men on hand." The prince smiled, coming to stand next to the brothers. "From this library of course." He ruffled Estel's brown hair once more. "I read him the story of the Niraneth Arnoediad, with focus on Húrin." His blue eyes found Estel's grey gaze. "By the way, tithen pen… do you still wish to be Húrin?" Estel shook his head. "No… I don't think it would be very fun to be caught by Morgoth." The twins began to laugh. "Indeed it would not." Elladan replied. Elrohir glanced to Legolas, "And who were you going to be, oh mighty prince?" Legolas sighed, "Apparently I was supposed to be Fingon… until he died." "Ouch…" the twins said in unison before smiling to their little brother. "Remind me never to read you a story again." Elladan spoke. Elrohir nodded, "Right. Otherwise, we might end up as Túrin… or worse." At this, Estel looked to the Elves in confusion. "Who's Túrin?" THE END Author's Note: My only Author's Note for this story is that the entire story actually does take place in the library. Everything from "Children of Hurin" you would hear Legolas speaking. Just think, mass amounts of dialogue for Legolas... yummy! The beginning passage which Legolas was reading comes from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Silmarillion" on pages 223-224 in the Chapter entitled; "Of The Fifth Battle: Nirnaeth Arnoediad". The portion which Legolas is reading to Estel throughout the story is from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Children of Húrin" on pages 52-60 in the Chapter entitled; "The Battle of Unnumbered Tears".