exchanging a glance and a smile with his new second-in-command. "You must promise me something, Legolas." the Elvenking spoke up then, his blue gaze focused on the archer as the prince lifted a wine cup to his lips. When the elder Elf said nothing, his son arched an eyebrow, refraining from taking a drink just yet. "Ada?" "You must promise me... that you will never do that again. That you will never worry me like that again." A small smile crept onto Legolas' face. He set the cup down, reaching out one lithe hand to take his father's own. "I can not promise that... not in this age..." "Legolas..." The smile however remained. "But... I will try, ada. I too, am not so eager to leave this world." Clasping his son's hand in his own, Thranduil returned Legolas' smile. "That is all I could ever ask, ion nin." THE END Sindarin Words to Know: caun nin = my prince ai = ah hir = lord hir nin = my lord adar = father ada = father mellon nin = my friend yrch = orc ion nin = my son Cirithorion = son of Cirithor hannon le = thank you muindor = brother Author's Notes: - "nirithar" may be the wrong use of "nir" for grieve. I know "nir" is for "shedding tears" (but was subtitled as "grief" in LOTR: TTT) and I conjugated it like "tir". - Nant uich ben-estel" may be wrong because I took it from the complete recordings of ROTK "The Last Debate" and the line was originally "annant uich ben-estel" but I knew that the "a" was for "and" and I thought a double consonant looked weird without that "a". - Morlan is a character I invented for the short story "Secrets or the Wisdom of a Six Year Old". His name means "dark weave", and in this case 'weave' is meaning 'braided hair'. His name was crafted from Eldarin roots only. - Glorenpaur was invented for this story and his name means "golden fist" because he had healers hands and such a skill is surely worth much (gold = currency). For his name I ignored Eldarin roots and pieced together full words instead. - I like to use "hir" with Thranduil's name instead of "aran", especially when the speaker is an Elf of Mirkwood. I wouldn't expect him to react well to say, a Dwarf using "hir" (if they knew Elvish of course) but to those he counts among his people or close in status (like I would have Aragorn use "hir" when speaking with Thranduil and him not take offense). So it's really just a preference thing. - "Mornduin" is a name of my own invention. Since the Enchanted River in Mirkwood is never given an Elvish name, I combined the words for black "morn" and river "duin" in a similar fashion to how the "Anduin" got it's name. The Enchanted River is black so... it only made sense. - I kind of stole the "glance" of Thranduil, haha. When I was writing this story I was fascinated with the trailer for "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug" where Thranduil is speaking in profile and his eyes just kind of glance to the side all haughty-like. His regal bearing in that moment just struck me... so imagine that, only he's speaking to a healer instead of a Dwarf, hehehe. - Elhael was invented for this story and his name means "wise star" because he is one of Thranduil's advisers. The world "hael" is a form of "sael" which means "wise", while "el" means "star". - "Ada" and "Adar" both mean "Father" but I see them as different in a sense. I feel as if Legolas would address Thranduil as "adar" in public, like he did when the Elvenking came to him in the woods in this story... and yet use "ada" in private. Kind of a "father" versus "dad" sort of thing, if you get my meaning. - Cirithor was invented for this story and his name means "over the high mountain pass". He is the father of Morlan, thus Cirithor-ion (son of Cirithor). Muse Moments: Nil yawned, stretching her arms up over her head. "Man this one shot took me a good week to write... a few pages here then a few pages there then an ending I didn't like that I had to fix." "You did not like the ending?" Legolas asked, sitting on the bed with his legs crossed, obviously pouting about the entire affair. She rolled her eyes, "I had meant it to stop at the "many feasts and joy in Mirkwood" blah blah blah part... but it just seemed empty. I wanted another scene of you and your father." Legolas sighed, crossing his arms over his chest. "You do realize that almost killing me is starting to get on ada's nerves... don't you?" "Of course. It's part of why I do it." Nil replied with a smile. "Besides, you know I would never kill you... it would make the story AU and I really don't go in for such things." "True..." the Elf pondered for a moment. "But it seems I have returned to being your tormentee of choice, Nileregwen." Nil laughed, "Hardly! No... I enjoy tormenting you yes but... I think... sometime soon I shall torment your father instead... yes... I would like Thranduil to believe you dead and then suffer agony..." Legolas sighed, rolling his eyes. "You truly are hopeless. So why did you write this so swiftly anyway?" "Oh! Because I wanted this story to go out before 'The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug' comes out next week. I truly didn't want my personal interpretation of Thranduil to be possibly changed by Peter Jackson's version... though I do hope they are similar." Smiling slightly, Legolas nodded. "I have a feeling they will be... After all, my father is not unkind to his kin." "I do hope you're right, Legolas... I do so hope you're right... hehehe."