and waited for the story to begin. It started out nice, Eldarion telling them of the mighty gerbil Piddy, but soon the story turned afoul. Soon they were both staring mouths gaped open in shock as Eldarion went on about Piddy's adventures in the dark and evil cavern. His special powers of blasting his foes down with his lethal gas, being demonstrated by Eldarion. The room was now full of an aroma not wanted by either, but they had promised not to interrupt. Legolas had to ask where this boy learned such awful things when he was done. He wanted to gag, to bolt from the room, his own mind never even thinking such things. Legolas was glad when the tale ended and Eldarion was rolling on the floor, laughing at his own story. "I think it is time for children to go to bed." "It is not even dark outside yet!" Eldarion protested. "Well Uncle Gimli and I are tired, and so should you be. It will be that much faster that you shall awake. Your Ada will be home tomorrow around noon. Do you not wish to be refreshed when he arrives?" "Oh all right." Eldarion relented and bade them both a good night, hugging them, and going off to his room. Neither dwarf nor elf saw him with his door cracked open as they walked down the hall. "I think I will slip into unconsciousness tonight, I am so tired." Gimli said. "Aye, I too am so tired not even a legion of orcs will be able to wake me before first light. Good night Gimli." Legolas said before he closed his door. Eldarion wasted no time. Slipping from his room, he went down the hall to gather the things he would need. Eldarion sat at breakfast alone, Gimli and Legolas not having woken up yet. As he took another bite of eggs though he heard two screams coming from upstairs. Legolas came running through the kitchen wearing one of Arwen's old dresses, a pair of underwear on his head. Gimli was not far behind. The dwarf stomped through the kitchen screaming about revenge. His once long lush beard was now gone. In its place were only two small curly strands died blue and silver, tied in a bow. Legolas who had run outside, did not know why the squirrels and birds seemed to be following him as he ran. Eldarion did though. He had smeared a special paste that his Ada used to lure deer out into the open all over the elf's clothing, and now he was being chased by no less than three elves, and fourteen animals. It was not long before even Legolas' elven reflexes failed him, and he was pushed to the ground as the dogs pounced on him licking his back, and sitting on him, while he was being questioned by the three elven fathers as to why he was again caught with female undergarments on him. "Which elf maiden have you befouled Prince Legolas? I will have your head if it is my daughter!" one of them shouted. Legolas wanted to reply but every time he lifted his head to explain the squirrel tried to stick its paw into his nose, and licked his eyebrow. Estel found the two days away very relaxing, and he was refreshed as he rode through the gates with the others. As he approached the Last Homely Home he found no one there to greet him, and wondered if all had gone well. Through the house he and Elrond searched, while Erestor searched the kitchen. They all met up again and Estel was about to become frantic when he heard the shouts coming from the garden. All three of them ran outside to the strange sight. Gimli was trying to help Legolas up, but he was being attacked by the birds who were pecking him about the hands and neck. Legolas was still laying on the ground, blue dress on, the pair of undies having been snatched from his head. "What is the meaning of this!" roared Lord Elrond. All became quiet, and that gave Gimli and Legolas time to stand up to meet their friends. "You all will return to your homes, and I will deal with your concerns later," Elrond said to the other elves, then turning to Gimli and Legolas he bit back the chuckle forming. "Explain yourselves." he said eyebrows raised. "Well... you see Lord Elrond I have no idea what happened. We have been poisoned it seems, and Gimli was shot in the arse, and I have been manhandled in my sleep by some she elf, and Gimli had to stroll through the courtyard in nothing but his helmet, and glued to his bed. We have had many bad things happen to us, but fear not Eldarion is well." Eldarion stood to the side with the most innocent smile on his face that his five year old self could muster. When his father opened his arms he ran into them. "Ada! We have had so much fun. Can we do this more often?" Gimli rubbed his still sore arse, and stared at Estel, and then at Elrond and Erestor. "Your son Aragorn is a spy sent by Mordor. He is more cunning than that creature Gollum, swifter than any elf, and more deadly than all the uruk hai I have come in contact with. I did not survive two battles with Sauron's foes to lose life and limb to a five year old. I bid you farewell my friend, for another few years, for my arse is sore, my beard gone, and the animals here are a wee bit too friendly now." Estel and the others watched as Gimli sitting on a pillow and Legolas rode back through the gates of Imladris. He wished they had stayed longer but the naked she elf running through the courtyard reminded him he was home, and that he needed to find his son.