where the chambermaid had stood earlier in the day, an armed soldier awaited. Sketching a short and informal bow to her, he bade her to follow him as his lord had requested an interview with her. Nodding her acquiescence, the girl slipped from behind the heavy door and out of the small room, closing and locking it with the key that had been lent to her for the duration of her stay. She carried nothing with her, though the familiar weight of daggers in both boots reassured her somewhat As she followed the soldier through what seemed to be a maze of corridors, the verdant-eyed girl wondered what the elven lord wanted with an insignificant being such as herself. Unbidden, an image of a fair, golden-haired elf came to her mind's eye and she shook her head. What a meddling old eldar, she thought with a surge of mild displeasure. She had no doubt that he was more than a few millennia old, for even his cold, guarded gaze could not completely mask the whirlpool of pain in his golden eyes. This, however, did not give him leave to detain whomever he wished to detain. Why, neither she nor the men they had saved had done nothing wrong! Only years of training to keep a fiery temper in reign kept the building frustration from creeping onto her purposefully blank expression. Once upon a time, the mortal would have lashed out with harsh words and futile fists, but now she merely waited to see how events would unfold. Although many lessons her beloved ammë had tried to teach her flew leagues above her head, this was one that had been caught and drilled relentlessly into her head – Rash actions led to rash consequences. It was a good ten minutes later that they came to a stop in front of the Lord's study, which was no surprise as the guest wing was at the opposite end of the nobles' residences. A tenor invited her in after the soldier had announced her, and it was with some trepidation that she pushed open the door. The room was bright, spacious and warmed by the rays of the setting sun. Like everything about this elven haven, there was beauty to behold at every turn. A small smile curved her lips as the girl compared this to her home from long ago. It seemed to her that no matter what it was the elves were dealing with, as long as matter touched their hands, it turned into something beautiful. "Welcome, Miss," a dark-haired elf greeted her from where he sat comfortably behind a large desk laden with papers. He gestured her towards an empty seat in front of him with a polite smile and nod. A familiar golden-haired Captain lounged against the wall to his right while a brunette elf rose politely in the seat next to her indicated perch. "I apologise for not speaking with you earlier, but other matters held my attention at arrest. I am Elrond of Imladris." "Well met, my Lord,"she greeted in accented Sindarin, thanking him politely before seating herself without further preamble. "I trust all is well?" "Aye, you have my thanks for your kind hospitality." "Yet my seneschal informs me that you had no wish to be here," the formidable elf lord remarked without malice, covertly studying her with a sharp gaze. Glorfindel shifted on the spot where he stood, eyeing his kin with some unnamed emotion. Elrond had forbidden him to speak directly to her unless given leave and he had acquiesced in favour of remaining in the room. "Indeed, for I belong not to the party of men who were ambushed by the orcs," she responded honestly, lifting and dropping slender shoulders in a careless shrug. "I was East-bound and intended not to partake in your kindness." "Unless you give me reason to decide otherwise, it is not within my power to detain you. I merely wished to offer you rest and respite before continuing your journey," Elrond assured her, a polite smile on his fair features. His curiousity, however, had been aroused by the girl that sat before him – The human girl spoke flawless Sindarin in one of its most archaic forms, with an accent that indicated her preference for Quenya. Gossip had also further corroborated Glorfindel's claim that the girl spoke neither the common Tongue nor Westron. Added to her strange colourings and aura, she was a most curious thing. For the most part, the green-eyed woman-child did not look like she was particularly taken in by his words, recognizing them for the mere polite words that they were. Still, she nodded, smiled and murmured her thanks as decorum indicated she should. "I am Erestor, Advisor to Lord Elrond," the dark-haired elf seated beside her introduced himself, filling in the silence that threatened to fill the too-formal atmosphere. "We have not the pleasure of knowing your name." She hesitated, and considered the request for a long moment. But when she spoke, it was with clarity and quiet certainty. "I have been named Quelindiel Lérwë, Lady of the Ruins of the House of the Fountain." A loud crash rang out in the room, and Lérwë half-turned in her seat to stare in concern at the golden-haired elf who had been oddly silent up until he broke a fine porcelain teapot on the ground. Elrond and Erestor were gazing at both in turn, neither willing to break the hush that had descended so abruptly upon them. Gold met verdant and clung on, as though attempting to bear holes through the bright irises to read the mind of the consternating individual before him. Lérwë swallowed, subconsciously terrified as Glorfindel's complexion shifted gradually from sheet white to an angry red. The elf lord was furious, that much was evident, so much so that he broke tea cup with a clenched fist, drawing thick, crimson liquid from fair skin without so much as a wince. To Be Continued…