was a charmer. Four hours knowing him and Arwen already adored the child. It was about four in the afternoon when Sybille's maid approached them with a squire at her heels. "Your Highness, a message for the Lady Gilraen" the maid curtsied and with a bow the squire handed Gilraen a small parchment. "Thank you" Gilraen nodded and unfolded the note. A chuckle escaped her lips as she read the message with an amused smile, then showed it to Ëlyel who broke into an incredulous chuckle too. "I'm sorry" she looked up to Arwen and Sybille. "I'll show it to you too, if you want. I just thought it's not something you would find amusing…" "What would I say to it?" Sybille asked twinkling. "You would just make a face" Gilraen grinned. "Ah, then it's just the usual" Sybille grinned back. "Mother?" she looked at Arwen with a vicious gleam in her eyes. "I am guessing that is something your husband wrote and I think I prefer not knowing , but thank you for offering to confide" Arwen inclined her head at Gilraen. "All right" her daughter gave a soft nod and turned back to Sybille. "So, dearest sister, thank you for the pleasant afternoon." "You are going?" Arwen was stunned. Did that bastard just order her daughter home ? "Of course she is, she is so in love, she's running home at once every time her precious husband gets back from duty" Sybille teased. "Like you are not whining after your precious husband for an hour every time we speak" Gilraen shot back with a smile and gathered up her son. "We are going home to Father, baby! Yay, we are going home!" she tickled him kissing into the crook of his neck and the child broke into a fit of giggles that was so cute it made Arwen forget about hating his father for a second. Hard enough it was to admit, but Sybille was right. Gilraen just seemed madly in love with this man and she was happier than ever with him and their child. Ëlyel expressed her pleasure to be her sister-in-law's guest too and decided to go with Gilraen leaving Arwen alone with Sybille. "Mother, I'm so glad that we talked. That we… I'm just so glad to have seen you. Thank you for forgiving me. Thank you so much" Gilraen turned to her then. "I was so happy to see you" Arwen smiled and gave her a swift hug. "You could come to have an afternoon tea in the palace with me once. Aryana and Bria would be so glad. You could bring our little charmer along" Arwen suggested and pinched her grandson's round little cheek softly. "I would love to. Thank you!" "We'll arrange something then" Arwen laughed happily and squeezed Gilraen's hand. It was so good to have her back. "Say ' Byebye '" Gilraen cooed to her son and taking his tiny hand in hers imitated waving goodbye. "Thank you for everything Sybille" Lady Ëlyel hugged with Sybille and curtsied to Arwen. "It was a pleasure to see Your Majesty." "Is that a custom? That he orders her around like that?" Arwen turned to Sybille once Gilraen and Ëlyel left the house. Sybille shrugged with a grimace. "Gilraen doesn't mind. And as long as she doesn't, I don't see why we should. She is happy to run home to him. And you know… I can understand her. I miss Florian, I'd be running to him too if he weren't a thousand miles away…" She pouted. "Oh my darling" Arwen sighed and drew an arm around Sybille. "He'll be home soon. You knew this would happen. Being the husband of a princess comes with duties. He misses you too." Arwen stayed with Sybille for another hour before she went home to a rather frustrated Aragorn. "Where in Valar's name have you been, Arwen? I was worried!" All Arwen could do was throw herself into his arms with a happy laugh and kiss him. "Well, I can see wherever you have been , it cheered you up" he smiled at her warmly. "I visited Sybille!" she told him with the widest smile in the world. "You see, I told you it would cheer you." "It did. I feel so much better. I feel so light and so carefree and so happy…" she replied with a relieved sigh. "And how was the council? Valar, my arms ache !" Arwen shook her head with a chuckle. "Was Eldarion that heavy at this age? I guess he was, I just forgot about it…" "What?" Aragorn raised an amused eye-brow. "The council was… long " he gave a wry smile. "I know… When was it over, around four, right?" "After half past three. You can imagine… How is Sybille? And what is it with your aching arms?" "Sybille is fine" Arwen nodded impatiently. "Oh, guess who I was rocking for a whole hour?" "Who you were—?" "Our grandson! He is such a sweet child, you have no idea! I went to see Sybille, but she had guests of course, the maid told me, so we went to the garden and there she was. I mean Gilraen, not Sybille. And it was… oh, it was so good to see her. And we talked and made things up and her son, he is such a sweetheart, Aragorn!" Arwen laughed as words poured from her in excitement. "Oh Arwen…" he shook his head. " Finally ." Aragorn gave her a scolding glare and pulled her into his arms. Yeah, I hope I managed not to abuse Arwen a lot and also that this lived up to your expectations :) I'm not sure if I'm allowed to link Family Complications here. I guess you can link stuff within fanfiction. net, but I'm not sure, so right now I won't be doing that until I find out if I can do so without violating any guideline or rule. Thank you for reading!