not my own." "So that was why you couldn't carry us over the snow..." the older of the two Hobbits replied, nodding at this revelation as if it made all the sense in the world. "And why it was easier for him to seek a way out of our predicament than trying to burrow along with Boromir and I." Aragorn added, rolling his eyes at the prince. He could hardly believe Legolas had told that story... Merry shook his head, "But I thought you were going to find the sun, Legolas?" "I was." replied the archer, pointing up toward the path they had tread to come to the pool before the doors of Moria. "Back there I searched the sky and soon came to realize that no sun was going to arrive to melt the snow for us. However, because I tested the snow on my way there and back, distributing my weight as a human might at times, I was able to tell where the drifts stopped and the lighter and more manageable snow began... without getting stuck." he added as a barb to the toiling mortal men who had nearly given up hope. It seemed that this explanation had appeased the Hobbits. Merry now realized that Elves walked on snow because they just walked differently than mortals, for the most part. It made perfect sense to him really... though now it was far less fantastical and mysterious than it had been before. "But wait, I donna get it..." Pippin spoke up then with a confused look on his face. Blinking in surprise at this notion, Legolas tilted his head to the side slightly, "Yes?" "Who won the snowball fight?" Legolas looked quickly to Aragorn and it was as if time stopped. Then, in the breath of a moment, both Elf and Human burst into laughter... Only to, of course, be shushed not long later by a still grumpy Gandalf who had yet to find the passwords of Moria's hidden door. THE END Elvish Translations & Words to Know: Taw nu-carel, goro nin... = Warn me before doing that... Nin ad-sui gwên... = Compare me to a maiden again... Ú-le. Lîn hebaid. = Not you. Your shoes. Ú-fael! = Not fair! Elvish Notes: - Anything I use for Elvish comes directly from "The Lord of the Rings" by J.R.R. Tolkien or from one of the following sources; David Salo's book "A Gateway to Sindarin" (ISBN #0874808006), the online dictionary "Parf Edhellen" , the downloaded dictionary "Dragonflame" , Ruth S. Noel's book "The Languages of Tolkien's Middle-earth" (ISBN #0395291305), the extended edition trilogy movie dialogues cataloged online by "The Elvish Linguistic Fellowship", and the LOTR complete recordings lyrics cataloged online by "A Magpie's Nest". - I'm not entirely certain on the syntax of the sentence; "Taw nu-carel, goro nin...". So "goro nin" itself would be "warn me" as an imperative while "taw" is used for "that". I've used "nu-" before "carel" (car- 'to do') as a means of expressing "before" (though "nu-" also means "under") and thus making it "before doing". Also, I'm using "nin" (me) instead of "nîn" (my) or "nín" (mine) in this instance. - Again uncertain syntax for the sentence; "Nin ad-sui gwên...". I placed "nin" (me) at the beginning of the sentence because otherwise it would have read "Compare again to my maiden" and yeah, not what I was going for. Using "ad-sui" was a bit of a problem because it ends up meaning exactly "again-as" instead of "again-compare" (because there was no word for "compare"). Also, the same for "nin" from before applies here as well. - I had problems with the word "shoes" mainly because there is no word for "boot" or "shoe" so I went with the Noldorin "habad" for "shoe" and made it plural with "hebaid" in a similar manner to "adan/edain". Authors Notes: - The copy of "The Lord of the Rings" that I use (and thus that the page numbers coincide on) is ISBN #0618260242 and is all three novels in one 2003 movie-tie-in-edition book. - Italicized portion with Caradhras was from the book "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" , pages 284-286. - Stick bug comment was written because the night before I wrote this story (2014/04/22) on "Wild Things with Dominic Monaghan" , Dom was playing with a stick bug and I thought it was funny cause it made me think of Radagast and since Merry is the one asking Legolas this question, I stuck a stick bug into the mix! - And yes, Pippin has a Billy Boyd-ish / Scottish accent. Whenever Pippin says "didnna" it means "didn't" and "donna" means "don't" and "ta" means "to", because that's how I hear it in my head when he talks on screen. Muse Moments: "So... they kicked you out?" Paris sighed, suitcases in hand as he is standing in the doorway. "For drinking?" Paris nodded, not really wanting to meet Nil's gaze. There was silence for a moment... until the explosion finally came. "LEGOLAS! ARAGORN!" "They went fishing." came the voice of the Elvenking from the opposite end of the hall. Tossing an apple in one hand, Thranduil quirks an eyebrow. "Seems I win the bet." "What bet?" Paris asked, glaring at the Elf. With a smirk, Thranduil just turned and walked off. "Nil, what bet?" the Trojan prince asked again. Wincing slightly, Nil groans. "We took wages on if you would succeed at figure skating. I lost... the Elves and Estel won..." Sniffing, Paris dropped his suitcases and threw his arms around Nil. "At least you believed in me!" "Yeah..." she replied, letting him hug her. Paris stopped, "Why do you not sound so sure of it all?" "Well, the bet was more like how long you would last... I gave you three months before you came back..." Dumbfounded, Paris just made a beeline for the kitchen. "What are you doing now?" Nil asked, following. "I need a drink." Nil couldn't help but facepalm.