but he could do little more than circle his unhurt arm about the elven waist and help where he could using his own good leg. The weight of the task was borne entirely by the elven friend in whose hands he was truly placing his life – both their lives. It was fifty feet of a nightmarish ascent for Legolas and Aragorn. Twilight threw a deep purple mantle over them halfway up, and the wind blew the snow around them in a taunting dance. Only Legolas' keen sight enabled him to still discern the safest places through the growing dark and wet, and only his elven strength kept him moving up one torturous inch after another, not thinking beyond the next hold. Miraculously, the excruciating climb came to an end, and Elf and Ranger reached the top before true night fell. With one last effort, the elf heaved them both over the lip of the ravine, and without bothering to release Aragorn from his back, crawled a safe distance from the edge before he allowed himself to collapse flat on his front to catch his breath. The elf was too exhausted from the incredible strain of the climb to say a word, and the Ranger was still too shaken to do more than breathe his gratitude again and again into his friend's ear while the snow rained on them. But the pain that had been pushed to the back of Aragorn's mind during the terrifying ascent now returned with full force, and his limbs and body began to shiver from the intensity of it. That alone was enough to spur Legolas into motion once again, and without much further speech, the elf had Aragorn released from his secure bonds, wrapped in blankets and mounted on his horse. Fortune smiled on them when they found a cave where Legolas had thought it would be. The elf continued to work, boiling herbs for his friend's pain, cleaning his cuts, and making splints for the fractured arm and leg. Finally, when the crescent moon was already high in the night sky, its rays touching the tops of trees, the elf was able to draw a deep breath and lean back against the cave wall. Having been in a daze and too blinded by his own pain, it was some time before a rested Aragorn noticed, in the light of the fire that Legolas had kindled, the state that the elf was in. His long hair and clothes had come pitifully undone and disheveled, and for one of the rare times since Aragorn had known him, the fair face was drawn with fatigue. But what finally arrested the Ranger's attention – as Legolas reached out to feed sticks into the fire – was the condition of the elf's hands. Catching a glimpse of blood, the man grabbed one of Legolas' hands with his own good one and looked at the palm, eyes widening. He was horrified at the rawness of flesh that marked the palms from which skin had been cruelly chafed off. "It's bleeding!" the Ranger remarked in dismay. The elf quickly pulled his hand out of Aragorn's grasp, but the Ranger grabbed the other one and held on, studying the palm and fingers. "It is nothing, Ranger," the elf claimed, attempting to withdraw the hand from Aragorn's strong hold. "It is not nothing, Elf," Aragorn protested. The healer in him noted with disapproval the cuts and abrasions marring both the palm and the sides of each digit. Then his eyes travelled to the torn skin on the elven knees and feet, and he realized how the elf must have hung on to the sharpest and most jagged handholds on the cliff face that he could find, for those would have been the least slippery. Aragorn shook his head sadly. "This is from the climb," he whispered hoarsely. "Oh, Legolas…" The man closed his eyes and placed his forehead gently on the wrist below the bleeding hand, not knowing how to express his regret and apology. Legolas hesitated a moment before placing his other hand quietly on his friend's bowed head. "I vowed you would not fall," he said, smiling. "My cuts will mend, Estel; a broken word would not." No more was said of the matter that night. That was the extent to which Legolas would allow any reference to be made to his injuries, or to the agonizing climb he had undertaken for Aragorn. The snow continued to fall, and for a while, the friends sat watching it in silent companionship, finding warmth in more than just the dancing flames. The Elf and Ranger left the safety of the cave two days later to return to the Ranger settlement where Aragorn could continue to mend. It was snowing even harder now, and Aragorn was still in pain. But the Ranger was not worried. As they rode up to the crest of the hill, with Legolas leading the way, Aragorn turned in his saddle to cast a last look in the direction of the ravine that had almost claimed his life. Snow made the landscape beautiful now, as if its whiteness was attempting to erase the horrible memories from his mind. But the Ranger knew he would never forget the day when pure elven strength – of the body and the spirit – had lifted and delivered him. It was all that had stood between him and a cold, hard death. And he knew it was a strength he would be able to hold on to for many years to come. (Tolkien says in his Book of Lost Tales that when he first conceptualized Legolas for LOTR, he conceived him to be "as strong as a tree." Well, the elf may not be, but that idea inspired this story.) Note to old friends and new : I still read and respond to reviews in 2015 and beyond... I miss everyone more than I can say - hope to hear from you. :-)