last, the orcs came to a standstill a few yards in front of the main wall, shouting obscenities and brandishing their weapons. Orders were shouted, but one arrow shot forth, by accident I do not know, but it struck an orc in the head, and the next thing I knew, the orcs were shouting battle cries and running forward. More orders could be heard shouted throughout the stations within Helm's Deep, and arrows upon arrows were let loose and soared through the air, striking the enemy. Wave upon wave of arrows was shot, but the orcs just seemed to keep coming; I could already hear the booming of wood against wood as the orcs set to the task of knocking down the main gates. Moment's later orcs swarmed into the first level of Helm's Deep, which was where Legolas and Gimli fought. I noticed the booming of the log against the main gate still, and wondered how they were getting over the wall, but I found the answer to my question when I saw orcs from below pushing forth a ladder swathed with orcs. I saw Legolas shout something to Gimli and they both laughed before setting about killing the enemy surrounding them. Legolas Orc after orc rushed forward, and I was already covered with the filthy blackness of their blood. Shouts of the King yelling for everyone to retreat backward, I aimed carefully, and shot an orc in the head, causing it to drop its shield. Hoping for it, and making sure to sustain my balance, I accelerated onward and dipped into a slant as I slid down the stone steps, knocking orcs out of my way, and let loose arrows with my bow. Reaching the bottom, I pulled a few arrows out of the closest orcs and placed them into my quiver, reminding myself, that when this was all over, that I needed to clean it, and ride it of its filth. I saw Aragorn running up ahead and heard him shout to Haldir to retreat back to the Keep, and Haldir nodded before plunging his sword into an orc in front of him. "Haldir!" I hear Aragorn shout, and my eyes widen in astonishment and horror as an orc came up behind Haldir and struck him in the back with it's ax. Haldir fell to his knees, and Aragorn shot an arrow into the orc behind the fallen elf as he ran to the aid of the golden-haired leader. I stood there oblivious to my surroundings as I watched Aragorn run up behind Haldir, and fall to his knees as the elf fell backward into the man's chest. I continued to watch as he laid Haldir down upon the blood covered stone and barely heard Aragorn yell to me to make my way to the Keep. Upon reaching the keep, I saw that the orcs were yet again, using a log to bust down the doors. The door was splintering and wouldn't last for long. I readied my bow and shot a few arrows through the crack in the door, and heard a satisfying shriek of outrage and pain. ' Revenge is ever so sweet ,' I thought as Aragorn and Gimli disappeared out a side door, ' What are they up to? ' I never got the answer to my question as a good size hole was punctured through the door, and orcs began to cloud through. I unsheathed my two long daggers and began hacking away at the soulless creatures. I was startled as I saw Gimli fly in front of the door and onto the cobblestoned bridge, quickly followed by Aragorn. The door was being boarded up, and the King yelled through to the two to get inside the Keep before they were closed out. The human and the dwarf jumped through, and the openings were quickly sealed shut with thick panels of wood and thick wooden poles placed up against them to hold them in place. Aragorn ran past me shouting to the King, and I stood there in awe as he argued with the Lord of the Mark, and finally convinced him to ride into the enemy and fight with the last shred of his dignity intact. Théoden agreed and soon, the King, Aragorn, Gimli, and I, were all seated up our steeds and were riding through the main gates, and onto the bridge, attacking whatever got in our way. It was getting hopeless; orcs upon orcs were surrounding us and closing in. I looked over to Aragorn and saw him ready his bow and let the arrow go, hitting an orc in the heart, killing it instantly. He looked up as if sensing my gaze, and looked over at me. Something flitted across his eyes, and I realized, that this would probably be the last time we fought together, or ever saw each other again until we met in the afterlife. Aragorn As I gazed into the cerulean orbs of the elf fighting not too far from me, I knew that I felt more than just friendship for the male and that if I were to live through this I would hold him in my arms until he too, felt the feelings that I held, within him; in my heart I vowed that I would never let him get away if I were to survive this war, and as if the words being stated in the contents of my mind, a light of which I never saw tore my gaze away from Legolas, and onto the white billowing robes of Gandalf himself. He stood there, proud looking upon his white steed Shadowfax, the exiled men from Rohan gathering behind him. He smiled gravely, before pointing his staff forward and charging to meet the orcs who were quickly getting over their confusion. We all fought with renewed vigor at the sight of Rohan riding to fight with us, being lead by Gandalf the White. We would win this battle. To be continued…