with Master Samwise," said Faramir. The young steward pulled a long face, "I think he's out, my Lord." "Please find out for me." "At once, my Lord." "Tathar tells me that you wanted a word with Sam," said Frodo, when he appeared a few moments later. "Yes," Faramir could not help but be surprised by the sudden appearance of one who had been filling his thoughts but whom he had not seen or spoken to for a couple of days. "I don't think he'll be long. Come in." "I..." Faramir began. "We will not be alone," said Frodo, impishly. "Pippin is here. I trust that will be sufficient of a chaperon for you?" Faramir thought that obviously Frodo had been receiving instruction on Gondorian marriage customs, and equally obviously he thought them absurd. "I can leave," said Peregrin, as they entered a large and airy room. "No, you don't," said Frodo. "Just go and sit over there and...read a book or something." Faramir was hard put to keep from laughing; it was clear that while Frodo had confided all to Samwise, Peregrin remained in ignorance. "What's going on?" "Never you mind," said Frodo, then added, "at least for the moment." "What did you mean by 'chaperon'," said Peregrin. "Pippin! Go and sit over there and be quiet! I'll tell you when the time is right." Frodo turned back to his visitor, "Please sit down, Faramir." He paused to allow Faramir to do so. "I can think of only one reason, one real reason, why you would come to see Sam." "To give him my answer." "And?" "Tell him I... That he is to... That I..." Faramir seemed to be having trouble speaking, which hadn't happened to him for a long time. He started again, "Tell him that I agree to handfast with you. And also that I understand his terms and I agree to those also." Frodo surveyed him seriously, "Am I to know what those are?" "It is a matter entirely between Samwise and me." Frodo looked at him for a moment longer, and nodded. "I will convey your words to him." He smiled, "So Denethor gets what he wants. I hope he's happy with it." "What is going on?" asked Peregrin, who had clearly not gone far. "Are you really going to marry Faramir?" "That is his father's earnest wish," said Frodo. He was so solemn that Faramir suspected a joke of some kind. "But he's... He's a Man." "And none the worse for that," said Frodo. "At any rate, it's not something he can help or change." "Is it wise?" asked Peregrin. "Pippin!" Frodo took Peregrin gently by the shoulders. "Since when has marriage anything to do with wisdom?" He let go. "What did you mean, that Denethor would get his wish?" Frodo sighed, "I will speak plainly and hope that Faramir forgives me." Faramir inclined his head. He guessed what was coming. Frodo continued, "You have noticed that Aragorn does not care for Denethor?" "Yes," allowed Peregrin, unwillingly. Faramir remembered that Peregrin rather admired his father. "He would replace Denethor with Boromir in an instant and with Faramir in somewhat less. Denethor has also noticed this. Denethor has therefore arranged Boromir's marriage to Éowyn and his naming of Prince of Ithilien. It is a promotion for him, and an honour to the House of the Stewards, but as Prince, Boromir will have to live in Ithilien, which is some distance from Minas Tirith and the seat of power. "Denethor has arranged his own marriage to the Lady Prestoliel, a lady of high and noble birth. On her he will father new heirs. "That leaves Faramir. He is being offered a choice, if it is a choice, between marriage to me involving a life far away in a place about which Denethor knows nothing, and remaining here, a threat to his father's power." "I don't see it," said Peregrin. Faramir knew the hobbit reputation for stubbornness was well-deserved. "Lord Denethor would never..." "Am I not right, Faramir?" "You are," admitted Faramir. Though he had realised during Frodo's recitation that if Frodo were right about the King's preference for him over Denethor and even Boromir for the position of Steward it was not just political turmoil he risked by remaining, but death. Not by his father's hand, Faramir could not believe his father would harm him knowingly, but even in Gondor there were those slightly too desperate to do the bidding of the powerful. Peregrin appeared convinced at last. "What sort of a dowry will you get?" he asked, smiling as if at a huge joke. "Don't accept any bent spoons like old Otho ended up with for Lobelia." Frodo didn't smile back. "It's adequate," he said. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0 The giving of a dowry was not a Gondorian tradition; when one negotiated for a spouse, one was supposed to have a home and sufficient to support them without needing payment from their family. Faramir wondered what his father had made of the idea; he himself didn't know whether to be offended or not. He thought of asking Frodo how much, but on mature consideration he decided against it. That Denethor went along with hobbit custom at all argued that he was desperate to get rid of him. It was probably better that Faramir did not know just how desperate. No mention of the matter of the dowry was made when Denethor announced Faramir's trothplighting to the assembled Court a few days later. So foreign was it to Gondorian custom that Faramir knew he could have avoided the whole situation by privily letting the information be known among the people, but to do that would have told against his father's honour. Surprisingly, Faramir found that mattered to him even now. And what kind of man would it make him, to avoid an honourable handfasting by dishonourable means? So, when the announcement was made, he took Frodo's offered hand and did his best to look pleased, flattered and, most importantly, willing.