to get a few good hits in against Elladan. At one point, the elf went down as if injured in a grand swan dive and was promptly pounced by Damrod who crowed at the victory. It was Elrohir who convinced the pair that a snowelf was a much better way to use snow, but later they pelted the younger elf with snowballs until his hair was white. It wasn't until the sun was heading down that Elrond heard the jingle of bells. Glorfindel had returned. ~*~*~*~ Dancing around the two elves who were somehow far more soggy looking than the child, Damrod grabbed Elrohir's hand, and looked up at him in glee. "Pow! I got you good!" "You did, right in the face." Elrohir wrung the water from his soggy braids and offered a wry smile to Erestor who had greeted them just inside the house. "Sorry, …we'll clean the mess up." Shaking his head, he was well-familiar with the boys and their messes, this was a minor one, Erestor knelt. "Damrod." "Erestor!" The boy let go of Elrohir's hand and ran to the counselor. "Did you see our snowelf?" "I did, and he's quite grand. I especially liked the hat of holly." "And the mistletoe!" "Child, I have good news." Erestor put his hands on the boy's shoulders. "Glorfindel found your family." Damrod went still, eyes anxious. He swallowed hard. "Are they….are they all right?" "Oh..child!" Erestor cupped the boy's chin. "They're very anxious to be reunited with their son and waiting in Elrond's—" "ADA!!" "…office." Erestor rubbed his ear and offered a wry smile to the twins as they watched the boy race down the hall. "Well, let's not miss this!" He turned and ran, followed closely by Elladan and Elrohir. ~*~*~*~ "Damrod!" He raced to his mother, nearly knocking her down as he flung himself into her arms. "Mama!" "Child! We were worried sick…." She held him tightly, crying. "I'm fine, Mama!" Damrod hugged her back before pulling away to run to his father. "Ada!" Sweeping the boy up in his arms, the man buried his face in his son's neck and held him. "I'm sorry, Ada! I'm sorry!" "Damrod…" The man knelt, and set the boy down, taking hold of his shoulders. Tears were in his eyes as he looked at the boy. "You worried us sick, son. Your mother and I looked for you and called. Why did you run off?" "I wanted to see the red bird." Contrite and hating the sadness on his father's face, Damrod flung himself forward to hug his father tightly. "I won't ever do it again!" "Thank you for finding him." Amarie wiped the tears off her face and cuddled their baby girl, who was watching her brother with a grin. "We can never repay you." Daeron held his son tightly, but his look was very solemn. "There is no need." Elrond spread his hands. "Children are precious to us all." He smiled at Damron. "And it has been lively having a young child again." "You must stay." Celebrian threaded her arm though her husband's. "Join us for Yule, please." "Can we?" Damrod looked from his Ada to his mama, worried they would say they had to leave right away. "You have to see the Hall of Fire, Ada! They sing every night and tell tales and I helped make cookies and we made a snow elf and—" "Damrod!" Daeron laughed and kissed his son's cheek, before ruffling his hair. "Breathe, son." He bowed, son in his arms, and added, "We would be honoured, my lord, my lady. Thank you." "Excuse us, if you will." The twins bowed in unison, so alike the humans stared for a moment. "We must change for dinner." "As must I." Glorfindel bowed to his lord and lady and offered a wink for Damrod before following the twins out of the room. "Ada," Damrod tugged on his father's tunic. "That is Glorfindel! The very same one who killed the balrog!" A skeptical look for his son who was known to tell tales, and Daeron glanced at Elrond who nodded. "Indeed. Glorfindel, along with my sons, found Damrod hiding under a bush in the wilds. But come, you must want to freshen up before dinner. Erestor, will you show them to their rooms, please?" "Of course." Erestor smiled and gestured. "If you will follow me." They had come out of the wilds and the frozen wastes into a dream land. ~*~*~*~ It was an amazing evening of food and laughter, of song and story and it was a night the small family never forgot. Even years later, when he was grown and had children of his own, Damrod would call the children to his chair and tell them tales he had heard in the Halls of Elrond's Last Homely House. But it was the flute, a silver flute, that he prized most. He still remembered the awe and astonishment he had felt when Lindir had knelt before him, silver-blond hair gleaming in the light of a hundred candles, and held the instrument out to him. "For I sense there is a love of music in your heart and I would kindle that flame with this small gift." Nor had the elves forgotten his parents or sister. There had been gifts for all. A cloak for his mother, lined with the softest of white fur, a toy horse for his sister, and a knife of elven crafting for his father. Damrod had the blade now, and it had never dulled, not in decades of use. "Ada…can we go visit?" Stroking the silky brown hair of his daughter, Damrod smiled. He would love to go back, to see if things had changed. He knew nothing would have changed. The elves were ageless. "Maybe some day, Bria." It would be wonderful to show his children the wonders of Imladris, and those who had saved him that snowy night so long ago. A Yule he would never forget. ~**~**~