lands are patrolled by Lord Elrond's guards." Leaving off just where the Rangers roamed. It would be better for the boy if he didn't know. The less for him to tell his father who doubtless was curious about his neighbors to the north. "Oh." Faramir looked about owlishly as if expecting more elves to magically appear from the woods. The medication was making him sleepy as was the warmth of the fire. He was safe and warm. He could rest. Nothing would get him tonight. "Do you ….think…." Head slumping to one side, Faramir was asleep, mid-sentence. Estel scooted over and eased the boy down, folding Legolas' cloak for a pillow. Gently brushing back the boy's black hair, he felt his forehead. "No fever, thankfully. He's a strong lad." "You know his father." He could barely hear the elf's soft question over the whoosh of the wind through the tree tops. "Yes." Estel looked up, wry smile curling his lips. "Denethor is the Steward of Gondor." "Ah…" Comprehension lit the bright blue eyes. "I would expect the two sons rode with quite a large escort then. They are far from home." "I imagine so." So where were they? Estel sighed. "We will find them in the morning." "Get some rest, Estel. I will keep watch." Legolas stood and gathered his bow and quiver before walking to the edge of the camp where the light did not affect his vision. He walked around the camp, humming to himself, sharp hearing having no problems picking up even something so soft as an owl flying silently overhead. Estel rolled himself into his cloak and smiled as his Elven friend began to softly sing a song of praise to the Star-kindler. Sleep crept up on him and pulled him down into its soft depths before the song had even reached the second stanza. In the end it had been easy to find the company of Men. They had followed Faramir's tracks as soon as it was daylilght and the two groups met around mid-day. Legolas stood proud and unyielding, pale hair shining in the grey light of day, gathering more than a few curious looks as Estel carried Faramir forward. "Faramir!" A man, much younger than Estel, jumped off his horse and ran forward. "What happened? Is he –" "I am fine, brother!" Embarrassed by all the attention, Faramir was quick to assure his brother. "I got lost chasing a buck and these two found me and helped me." Grey eyes met grey eyes as Boromir stared hard at Estel, almost as if seeking for something in the features that were so very familiar. So very Gondorian. "Did they? Then they have my thanks." Almost smiling at the clear tone of command in the young man's voice, Estel handed the boy over to his brother and held a hand to his heart as he bowed his head. "He had fallen not far from our camp. My companion heard his cry and we brought him to our camp for the night." "My thanks…" "Estel." Legolas inclined his head as the man's gaze fell on him, not speaking. Let them think what they would; it mattered little to him, Men's opinions. Though he did find it amusing that the boy's brother seemed to find Estel something of a threat. Ai…Men. They lived so short a time and lost so much of what they knew in the end. "Thank you both." Faramir offered a shy smile. "Boromir, could we not offer them a bit of hospitality for what they have done?" Seeming taken aback at his brother pointing out his rude manners, Boromir nodded. "Yes, of course. Please, be welcome." "My thanks, but we must be on our way." Estel inclined his head. "Safe journey to you, Faramir. Lord Boromir." "And you, both of you!" The boy seemed reluctant to see them go but smiled when Legolas put his hand to his heart and bowed before turning. "So you had an adventure, little brother." Boromir frowned at the splint. "We must get you home and have father's healer look at your ankle." "I am sorry, Boromir." Faramir bowed his head, staring at his dirty, ripped tunic. "I…I didn't mean to get lost or ruin your trip." "You have not ruined it, little one." Handing his brother to the man holding his horse, Boromir mounted then reached to take his brother up before him. "Come, ride with me and rest easy. I am just relieved we found you." "Father will strap me when…" The strong arms tightened around him and Faramir leaned back against his brother's chest. What must it be like to be the favoured son? He would never know, but at least his brother loved him. "I will deal with father, Faramir. Do not worry." It was useless to argue and so Faramir nodded. "I met an elf, Boromir! He was very nice." His brother's chuckle rumbled from his chest. Listening to his little brother chatter away, Boromir thought it had to be the sweetest music he'd heard all day. "Do you think he recognized you?" "As a Ranger? Perhaps." "Ai, you Men." "What does that mean?" Estel recognized the distraction for what it was. "I could easily say just as much for Elves." "What? That we bathe and do not wipe our food on our clothing?" A snort; Elves were known for fastidious natures. "You, my princeling, are by far the worst of the lot. You even carry a comb!" "Yes, I can see how that would be considered offensive by you, Estel." "I still say I can take down a stag before you even pull your bow." "Now I know that you are delirious, Estel. Did you hit your head when you fell in the river?" And far above in the trees, an owl watched with bright golden eyes, hoo-hoo'ing in amusement for the ways of humans and elves. A/N: my thanks to Holly for reading and encouraging me after so long. Peace, Levade