up to taste her sweet juices. She nodded, biting her lip, moaning still from the pleasure he just gave her. "Just relax for this next part." He purred. Soon she felt his tip stretching her entrance, dipping into her a little further with each thrust. As soon as he was in deep, he stopped, letting her get used to his size. She had moaned and groaned the entire way in, her legs wanting to wrap around him. Eomer let out some groans, never having felt a woman so tight. He soon began to thrust slowly, enjoying every stroke inward and outward, each little ridge and crevice of her velvet walls as they tightened around him. His hand brushed her hair back so he could look into her face. Her fingers reached up, running through his hair, gripping it. Her mouth fell open as she felt a pressure build up in her lower abdomen, Eomer gently nibbled and kissed her lower lip and chin, keeping his pace. He settled his chest into hers, wanting to feel her body closely against him. If it were possibly, he wanted to sink into her, and never part at this moment. She was supple against his chest, her breasts cushioning him as he took her. Her breaths became ragged, her moans louder and more frequent as her hips moved against his. "Eomer, please... I'm almost there..." She moaned, breathing deeply, tears forming in her eyes. Soon Eomer was holding her tightly as her ball of pleasure burst, her body shivering. Eomer was going over the edge himself at seeing the pleasure stricken across her face. Her chest was puffed against his body, as she reeled in an agonizing pleasure. With a groan, Eomer spilled himself into her. He panted, his hot breath against her skin, as he rested. She nuzzled her lips against his moistened skin, sighing in pleasure as he softened inside of her. "Mmm, I could get used to this." She mumbled, sweaty from his exertion. "War would be hard knowing I could not have this every night." He kissed her softly. "Oh, you would still go." She chuckled, wrapping an arm around his neck. He moved to lay beside her, pulling her into his chest. They both slept soundly that morning, curled up in one anothers arms. When Aravis awoke, she leaned over, kissing Eomer softly on the chest. She reached down, feeling Eomers firmness. He had definitely grown hard, and harder still as she played with his length. He moaned and rolled over onto his back fully, still blissfully unaware that she was playing with him. The moment she settled herself on his length, he awoke with a snap as a soldier does, when startled. He grabbed her rough at the waist, one hand tight on her wrist before he could register what it was that was happening to him. The more she rolled her hips on him, the more he relaxed, coming to his senses that his beautiful princess wanted to take his body the same way he had taken hers just hours before. He loosened his grip on her wrist, and rested his hands on her thighs, letting her ride him. Her breasts bounced lusciously above him, as she found a pace. "Do you know how amazing you feel?" He groaned, still sleepy. Her fleshy walls being the first thing he felt was a perfect morning for him. The way she rode him made him think that she was a natural born equestrian. Her head fell back as she delighted in the depths he reached, grinding into him, his hands reached up, massaging her breasts, making her nipples stand on end as his thumbs brushed over them. Before she could react, he sat up, pulling a nipple into his lips, his hot tongue rolling against it in the cool afternoon air. Her moans finally broke, as she felt him bucking up against her hips. He pulled her down into his hips as he came to his climax, watching him disappear deep into her folds, some of his own cum slowly coming back out of her. He rolled her over, kissing her shoulders and chest. "I take it this means good morning?" He arched a brow. "Or afternoon." She giggled. "Either way, I have no plans to leave you and this room today." He growled into her neck, wrapping her legs around him. "Marshal Eomer, you are acting as if you will never bed me again after this day." She laughed softly with a wide smile. "Just in case that comes to pass, I shall make good use of what time I have with you now." He spoke honestly, as he kissed her shoulder. "Ah, one piece of business to take care of. Stay here." He whispered, as he got dressed in pants and a tunic. He didn't bother with pants, as he ran his fingers through his hair to make himself more presentable to his uncle. He left her laying in bed, behind the curtains as he delivered a message to his uncle, and called for food to be sent to his room. He was gone for twenty minutes or so before he came back to her. Aravis was peeking out from under the blankets, as he opened the curtains. "There, you are my darling princess." He purred, as her outline writhed under the covers. "May I asked what took you?" She lowered the blankets to her chin. "I merely sent for food, and to express my desire to court you to my uncle. He will send word to your brother of my intentions, and you may stay among my people if you wish." He stripped back down crawling into bed. "Eomer!" She screeched excited. "You sir, are freezing!" She shivered as his cold skin pressed against her burning flesh. "Then I suppose you should warm me back up." He growled, as he rolled atop her, pressing his lips into hers, making good use of their time that day.