"It calls me, sweet words of power, of the ability to bring peace and protect this world... I have heard it's call ere since I met Frodo Baggins, though he does not know it." A small smile appeared on the Elf's lips and he stepped forward, placing one hand on the man's shoulder. "And yet you resist the temptation." "I..." "You resist, Estel... nay... Aragorn. You resist that which your forefathers could not..." and at this, the smile widened. "Of all men whom I have met, which I will rightly admit have been few indeed, you are of such strong heart and spirit. Your will shall not falter. Whether it is the Ring's want or Boromir's own fear for his kin... he will go to Gondor... and though I would not be parted from your side... I feel my place is there. I am a warrior, Aragorn. Minas Tirith is the last defense against the Dark Lord. But you, mellon nin... you must choose your path, your path and Frodo's. I can do little to aid the Hobbit in those dark lands for I have never been there." at those words, Legolas turned away, walking back down the path that the Ranger's boots had carved through the fallen leaves. "Legolas, you say I resist. But do I?" Aragorn asked seriously, turning to watch the Elf. Nodding, he did not stop nor look back. "You resist. Just as I will not reach out my hand and take this Burden from Frodo... nor shall you. I see it in your eyes. You are stronger than us all." For a time, the Ranger watched as the Elf headed back. They had encountered little but terrain that would require much strength from the arms of men. It was not the land however that caused the his heart to fall into a silent melancholy. No... it was the words from the prince, words that Aragorn himself did not quite know if he believed. Without realizing it, the archer was now in step with him once more. "Do not worry so, Estel." Legolas whispered, a hand again on the man's shoulder. "You will choose the right path. I have never doubted you before, mellon nin. I shall not start now." "And yet you fear for the temptation of the Ring... of Boromir?" Aragorn added, to which his friend nodded in response. "Then what are we to do?" "Boromir will go south no matter the choice. If you and Frodo decide that path as well... I will follow. As much as I know my bow would be of use to the men of Gondor..." Aragorn stopped suddenly, looking at the Elf as if he had gone mad. "But you said..." There was a twinkle of mirth in Legolas' blue eyes. "I said that I feel my place is in Gondor. I did not say that I would go there if our chosen path leads instead to the black gate." Sighing, the Ranger rolled his eyes. "Go not to the Elves for counsel, for they will say both no and yes..." Aragorn grumbled. To which, Legolas could only laugh. Only two or three hours had passed, and it was barely mid-day, when the shadowy shapes of the explorers appeared again. The End Elvish Words To Know: Úthaes = Temptation in = of the Dúnedain = West Men Man cenich? = What do you see? Mellon nin = My friend Elvish Notes: - Anything I use for Elvish comes directly from "The Lord of the Rings" by J.R.R. Tolkien or from one of the following sources; David Salo's book "A Gateway to Sindarin" (ISBN #0874808006), the online dictionary "Parf Edhellen" , the downloaded dictionary "Dragonflame" , Ruth S. Noel's book "The Languages of Tolkien's Middle-earth" (ISBN #0395291305), the extended edition trilogy movie dialogues cataloged online by "The Elvish Linguistic Fellowship", and the LOTR complete recordings lyrics cataloged online by "A Magpie's Nest". Author's Notes: - Anything in italics comes from either "The Lord of the Rings" extended edition dvd movie trilogy or from "The Lord of the Rings" novel trilogy by J.R.R. Tolkien. - The copy of "The Lord of the Rings" that I use (and thus that the page numbers coincide on) is ISBN #0618260242 and is all three novels in one 2003 movie-tie-in-edition book. - The first part of this story before the title are direct quotes from the extended edition DVD of the film "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" . - First italicized portion with talk of Amon Hen was from the book "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" , page 380. - Second italicized portion about Legolas and Aragorn going off was from the book "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" , page 381. - Third italicized portion about Legolas and Aragorn returning was from the book "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" , page 381. Muse Moments: "But I miss him..." Nil frowned, looking up at Legolas with big puppy eyes. The prince sighed, "And you shall continue to miss him because you were the one who sent Paris to California to train to be a figure skater." Legolas replied, backing away slowly. "But... but he made the best pillow... now I have no pillow..." "What do you call those?!" the Elf asked, pointing to the six pillows on Nil's bed. She shrugged, "For sleeping... not for lounging." Sighing, Legolas shook his head, "I make a horrible pillow. I am kind of bony and..." "You are not!" Nil replied, hands on her hips. "No come here and be a pillow before I actually somehow save up the money to buy that body pillow someone did of Thranduil." Legolas paled, fearing the wrath of his father if such a thing were discovered here. "Fine... I shall be your pillow..." Nil smiled and hugged the prince. "Yay!" "Paris... I hope you are having fun on ice skates..." Legolas grumbled.