one. One day he would be honed to a fine young man, mind sharp as the edge of a blade. But now...now he was a child trembling on the cusp of something more and sometimes it terrified him. "Elladan, you're forgiven." He squeezed the boy's shoulders, willing the tense muscles to relax. "Now let it go and let's make sure this fire doesn't die, hmm?" But still, he hesitated. Glorfindel waited and held the grey gaze patiently. This child saw deep, past layers that many would rather not reveal. He held no such reservations, not with these boys. They were family. Elladan nodded and looked down. He took a step back and then suddenly lunged forward to throw his arms around Glorfindel's neck. Gathering him close, Glorfindel rubbed his back and cupped the back of the boy's head. These moments were growing fewer and he treasured them, these last remnants of childhood. A sniff and Elladan pulled back, offering an uncertain smile. He nodded again and Glorfindel winked before standing up. Squelching sounds preceded Elrohir, and he grinned as he held the half-empty pan of water to Glorfindel. "I saw a fish and tried to catch it but it went under a log. I kind of got wet, but I got the water!" Unquenchable. "So you did." Graciously taking the half-filled pot, Glorfindel ruffled the imp's hair as he scooted past. "Look, Elladan! I found this rock. Isn't it neat?" Two dark heads bent together to look at the rock. Glorfindel peered at the water and snorted. There was grit at the bottom and a fragment of greenery. No doubt the scamp had used it to sift a bit of dirt or dig out his rock. Ah well. He would make sure Alfirin wasn't indulging in a mud bath and get some water. That's what he got for sending an elven magpie for water. He couldn't sleep. Not that it was that unusual. Elrohir was a restless spirit and his adar had told him many times he was too curious for his own good. Whatever that meant. How was being curious a problem? How else was he going to learn if he didn't explore and ask questions? Adults were so odd sometimes. Somewhere a cricket took up its fiddle and began to play. Another joined in, then another. The young elf grinned as the night air filled with the song of crickets. He really liked the cicadas and the sonorous buzz their song created in the heavy summer heat. Elladan had found one the previous summer and they had kept it in their room for a while. Naneth had found it and told them it had to live outside, with the rest of the cicadas and wildlife and so they had taken it to the small garden that was just outside his parent's rooms. He wondered if Legolas knew about cicadas. Did Greenwood have other creatures different from those in the valley? Elrohir was envious that the younger elf was traveling with just his brother. What freedom! He wanted to do that someday, just him and Elladan and no adults to tell him when to sleep or when to wash his face. He couldn't wait to do what he wanted! But for now... Elrohir sighed as his brother stirred restlessly. Dreaming again. He frowned and touched his brother's chest, feeling the frantic beating of Elladan's heart. Adi dreamed a lot, and sometimes the dreams were bad. Adar said it was all the books he read about battles and the Last Alliance, but Elrohir knew that wasn't it. Something very real bothered his twin, but whatever it was, it was...elusive. He liked that word. Elladan had said it meant something hard to find, and that was exactly what those dreams were. Elladan groaned and Elrohir scooted closer, hand slipping up to grip his twin's shoulder. "I'm here, Adi." A shudder and Elladan jerked to wakefulness. He stared hard at his brother for a moment before burrowing closer, shivering. "'Ro." If only the dreams were something he could hunt down and hurt! Elrohir wrapped his arms around Elladan and frowned fiercely at the night. He hated whatever it was that did this to his brother. Elrohir looked up as a piece of the night shifted and became a form. Aman-bright eyes met his and he blurted, "It's hurting him again!" Kneeling, Glorfindel ran his hand over Elladan's head, stroking back the sweaty strands of dark hair. "Shhhh...peace, young ones. Nothing can touch you here." Elladan relaxed, sighing and Elrohir hugged him again. Adi told him that he saw Gofi in his dreams sometimes, shining a brilliant white that drove off the bad things. He'd never seen that, but he believed his brother. All elves had a slight gleam in the starlight, but some, like Gofi and his Daernaneth, glowed brighter. "You should sleep, Elrohir." Elladan murmured something and drew in a deep breath before relaxing into sleep. "I'm not sleepy." He loosened his grip on his brother but stayed close just in case the bad dream came back. "Will you sing?" It was a childish request, and Elrohir almost regretted asking, but Glorfindel just smiled and settled on the ground. Lifting his face to the stars he began to softly sing. It wasn't a song Elrohir had ever heard and he was surprised, but pleased. Smiling, he shifted to his back, still close to Elladan, and listened to the song. It was in Quenya, so probably old, and was about the stars and sailing on a ship of white. He meant to ask Glorfindel where he'd learned it but it was just so beautiful... Glorfindel smiled as the younger twin finally gave up the battle against sleep. Still singing, he settled his cloak across the sleeping boys, and let the song twine with the song of the crickets and the wind in the pines. TBC Title is from Sam's song in the Tower of Cirith Ungol. More soon. Thank you for reading!