seemed a lifetime ago. THE END TRANSLATION NOTES: Oranar = Sunday Iavas = Fall Adar = Father Malthenras = Golden Horn One în and twenty-two loa ago = 166 years ago (1 în = 144 years) in reference to year 2770 Loa = 1 year (22 loa = 22 years) Firith = Fading (time between Fall and Winter) Ada = Father Periannath = Halflings Naugrim = Dwarves Tithen pen = Little one Taur-nu-Fuin = Forest under the Nightshade AUTHOR'S NOTES: -Okay so it was mentioned somewhere online that Thranduil's mount in the movie "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" was an Irish Elk so... THRANDUIL RIDES A ELK. And I swear to the Valar if I type "Elf" one more time instead of "Elk" in this Author's Note, I'm gonna bash my head against the wall, hehehe. -Please note that this story is taking place in 2936 of the Third Age (T.A.). Aragorn was born in 2931 T.A. and was taken to Imladris in 2933 T.A. which means that at the time of this story, Aragorn is only five years old. Also please take into account that the Desolation of Smaug occurred in 2770 T.A. which would mean that 166 years have passed (as aforementioned) since Thranduil and his armies turned from the Dwarves of Erebor and fled back into the Mirkwood. What Legolas remembers is the Desolation of Smaug and, therefore, is NOT the Battle of the Five Armies, which isn't set to begin until 2941 T.A. (when Aragorn is already 10 years old). -Also please note that I adhere to knowledge I possess of Oropher and of Thranduil prior to "The Hobbit" trilogy wherein I feel that both lived in Thingol's halls for a time. Thus Thranduil's true hatred of Dwarves stems from the murder of Thingol (for the Silmaril) and the destruction of Doriath thereafter. Obviously Thranduil must feel that Dwarven greed is a thing to be despised as well, though it leads one to wonder then why Thranduil himself is such a lover of gold and jewels as well (which actually I would attribute to Thingol's own nature too). I would also like to note that one of Thranduil's reasons for dislike of the Noldor comes from the Last Alliance wherein Oropher and his army charged to battle before Gil-Galad gave the call and the Elves of Mirkwood were greatly decimated. Obviously both sides are at fault here (Oropher for charging and Gil-Galad for not coming to their aid) but Thranduil's a stubborn Elf. -wink- Another easy reason for his dislike of the Noldor is that they began to encroach upon the Greenwood and thus Oropher pulled his people back, farther to the north, until at last his people were moving north not to get away from the Noldor or the Dwarves, but to distance themselves from the darkness of the Necromancer (Sauron). -As a side note, I believe that the "merging with the Silvan Elves" reference, which is from Tolkien, is quite literal, especially given that Legolas calls himself a Silvan Elf. Thus, while I do not name Legolas' mother (I have not named her to this point and right now have no intention of ever doing so either), I firmly believe that she would have been an Elf of Silvan descent. What better way to merge two peoples than with a marriage? -Originally, there was only going to be Lindir and there was no breakfast scene. But then I was reading fanfiction the other day and kept seeing Erestor and my brain was picking and picking at me to remember if that was a real character. So, when in doubt, I went back to Tolkien and sure enough he was. But I liked Lindir in "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" because who doesn't like Figwit?! So I wanted him to remain in this story and thus having Erestor and Lindir both was born... and somewhere along the way came a slightly amusing breakfast scene. -Please note that the Taur-nu-Fuin that I'm speaking of is the Elvish name for Mirkwood at the time. I'm referring to the period of time when the Necromancer step up Dol Goldur in the Third Age and not Sauron's actions in Dorthonion in the First Age. -Also, "armour" is spelled in English fashion and not in the American fashion of "armor". The same goes for "grey" versus "gray". There are just some words I prefer their British English spellings for, especially when dealing with LOTR. MUSE MOMENTS: "Are you sure she won't get mad?" Legolas smirked at Paris before pointing to Nil who is in the kitchen, getting food put out for Thanksgiving. "She is frightened of my father so, naturally, since he is coming for this Thanksgiving thing... Nileregwen will not dare to cross me right now." "But she worked hard on that pie..." Paris replied, glancing into the kitchen. "Surely..." "I hear you both." Nil spoke up, turning and glaring at the duo. Paris paled and stood tall, "I... well that is to say..." While Nil's attention was on the Trojan Prince... a certain Mirkwood Prince had snuck past her and snatched the cherry pie from the table. He dashed out of the kitchen... a very surprised Nileregwen standing there staring after him. Paris just smiled, then turned and bolted. "LEGOLAS!" Nil shouted, giving chase. "YOU WILL DO NOTHING FOR MY FATHER WILL BE HERE SOON!" the archer shouted back as he went out the door. Nil stopped in her tracks, glanced at the clock, and cursed. Realizing the Elf was right, she went back into the kitchen. Outside, Legolas was happily enjoying the pie with Paris. "I told you she fears him." "Fears who?" Blinking in surprise, the prince looked up to see Thranduil standing there. "You." "Who?" "Nileregwen." "Ah..." Thranduil quirked an eyebrow at his son. "And you stole her pie?" "Of course." "I should scold you for stealing but..." Thranduil sat down beside his son and Paris. "Pass me a piece first." HAPPY THANKSGIVING, MELLYRN NIN!