Legede shook his head, "When the bow snapped, caun nin... what happened to your arrow?" Legolas thought this over for a long moment. "I don't know... I never could see it again..." "But it did leave the string." Legede nodded, pointing to the sling he sported. "Your arrow pierced through my shoulder, Legolas. That was why it took me so long to save you. I retreated into the trees, shooting down those foul creatures as quickly as I could." The Prince was speechless. Thranduil turned his soft gaze to the Elfling in his arms. "Legede very nearly damaged his arm beyond repair, ion nin. He saved you from the spiders, and carried you back to the palace. His horse had become spooked in the process, and I fear yours could not be saved from the spider's silks. Tears welled in Legolas' eyes. He shook his head, trying to deny that he had been saved. 'Sometimes, you will have to push past that pain to save yourself or to save the lives of those under your leadership and command...' "Legede..." the Elfling whispered before springing from the bed, from his father's loving arms, and clinging to the Mirkwood Captain. "I'm sorry... please... I... I didn't mean to... I just... I wanted..." The white haired Elf knelt, taking Legolas into his uninjured arm and holding the Elfling close. "Listen to me, caun nin... You are strong. If not of body then certainly of mind and heart." he teased lightly. "I bear this pain with pride, for I was able to save your life, mellon nin." "But..." Legolas sniffed back his tears. "But I didn't check my bow or arrows... it was my fault, and..." "And though that may be true, Legolas," Legede continued. "You have learned that lesson well. And, sadly, it seems that I will be unable to teach you your lessons for some time. At least until my arm heals." he smiled, ruffling the child's hair. "You get a much deserved break, Legolas." Nodding, the Prince looked back to the Elvenking. "Ada... I... I don't want this to happen again..." "But Legolas, you promised not to quit. I think that..." But the Elfling shook his head, "I don't want to quit, ada... I want to get stronger. I... I don't like others having to protect me... especially when they get hurt in the process." Thranduil smiled, "Then what will you do next, ion nin." "Practice every day until Legede gets better, of course." Both of the elder Elves laughed. "That is all well and good, but you need rest as well, ion nin." Thranduil spoke up, motioning for his son to return to bed. Legede smiled, coming to sit down at the Prince's other side. "Besides Legolas... My wounds will heal, as will your own. All bruises fade with time." "I donna get it..." Merry sighed, "You never do, Pip." "So... you practiced hard after that, Master Legolas?" Frodo asked, wondering just how hard archery was. The Elven Prince nodded, "I did. Every day. For hundreds of years, Master Hobbit, I practiced with the bow and arrow until I knew the motions in my very sleep. When I shoot," Legolas whispered, his fingers delicately clasping the wood of his new Lothlorien bow, "When I shoot... I can feel the weapon, as if it too had a beating heart. We are one... just as my knives are an extension of my arms, so is the bow a part of my very sight and will." "He never misses, after all." Aragorn put in with a slight smile. "At least... not when it matters." Legolas turned an annoyed gaze on the human. "What's he mean by that?" Pippin asked, smiling. Aragorn's smile turned to a smirk. "Well, once, Legolas and I made a wager with my twin brothers about who could shoot the..." "I think that's enough story-telling for one night." the Prince replied, cuffing the Ranger on the back of the head lightly. Laughter drifted from where the Hobbits rested, and soon the four small beings were talking amongst themselves about archery and how it was done in the Shire. Thinking of the proficiency of Hobbits with the bow boggled the Elven mind... "What was that for?" Legolas' blue gaze settled on his friend. "You were going to tell them the story of how I boasted that I could shoot an apple from the tree while jumping off a waterfall... were you not?" "Of course!" Aragorn replied with a smile. The Prince nodded. "Estel." "Yes, Legolas?" "No." Aragorn smirked, about to protest. "Just no." Seeing the look on the Elf's face, the Ranger laughed. No more that night did the darkness invade the hearts of that small company... THE END AUTHOR'S NOTES: 1.) The passage just after the story's title is actually from J.R.R. Tolkien's, "The Lord of the Rings". You can tell it's not mine because all of the quotations are in single quote marks ( ' ' ). 2.) Just so you know, and I think I looked this up right, a "Stone" is equal to fourteen pounds, so Legolas' bow has a draw of about thirty pounds. A "Stone" is an Anglo-Saxon measurement for Weight. Or so... Wikipedia told me... It's commonly used today for body weight, which I figure works well with a bow's pull weight. Also, there is no plural of "Stone"... just "Stone"... Apparently it used to be used more for weighing sundry goods... but I like the color it brings to the passage. Anywho, when I began archery, my original bow was a thirty pound bow, but my instructor had me use a twenty pound. I kinda wish I'd stuck with the thirty now, because now I sometimes pull the string so far back that my arrow falls off the rest... WORDS TO KNOW: Ion nin = My Son Ada = Father Sidh = Peace Hir nin = My Lord Caun nin = My Prince Mellon nin = My Friend Thranduilion = Son of Thranduil