saw surprise flit across Lily's and Snape's faces as he turned to look at them. "Which way should we go?" XX If they were not in the Forbidden Forest, then there was no longer any reason to head east. Lily sighed heavily and suggest they follow the Four Point Spell North, claiming that they were bound to reach the edge sooner or later. No one else had any desire to challenge this. The bounding Malamute took off down the visibly widening path, Remus close behind, followed by James and Sirius. Severus and Lily hung slightly behind. "If the fearless heroes have their own way of conjuring a Patronus, then is there any reason for us to stay with them?" Severus muttered. "Do you honestly care?" Lily shook her head in amazement. "Listen, Sev, we're all stuck out here together. D'you think you can just... swallow your pride until we get out of the forest?" He set his jaw tightly and she gave him an exasperated look. "It is our fault they're here, you know." He raised an eyebrow. "And?" "...You're a piece of work, Sev." He opened his mouth to retort but she trotted ahead out of whispering range. He sighed in disgust and hurried after the others, unable to ignore the way the trees shuddered and creaked as the Patronus passed them. Soon enough the trees began to thin, and moonlight shone down in brilliant patches. Severus heard James whoop and he threw his eyes to the heavens. Suddenly they were past the trees, staring out at a wide, grassy plain. The Patronus seemed as happy as its master, barking silently and chasing its tail. Remus beamed as they watching it disappear. Sirius said something to James that Severus didn't catch. Lily was out of breath, her bag hanging off the crook of her arm, some wayward leaves in her hair. She glanced back at him and he smiled despite himself. They'd actually managed to get out. Severus looked around at their surroundings. The moon was high in the sky - it must have been past midnight - but there was no castle in sight. Plain hills rolled off in every direction, with the occasional white spots signaling sheep or some such, but no Hogwarts. Anywhere. The only sign of civilization he could see was a long, wide dirt road, about a hundred paces off. It went east and west, disappearing into the distance in both directions. There were no signs or markers anywhere along it. He didn't try to kid himself that it was the road from Hogsmeade - if it was, it would have been curving around the Lake. He looked at Lily, who looked at the other three, and they started walking. Maybe they would see something from there. "So which way should we follow?" mused Sirius as they stood on the road fifteen minutes later. Hills still rolled off in every direction. There was no sign of Hogwarts, or any other castle, or any town, or crossroads, or signs, or any sort of landmark absolutely anywhere. "I mean, I doubt that making camp here would be a good idea, so--" "Look out!" Lily grabbed his shoulders and forced him off the path. The other boys followed after, looking around wildly for whatever she had seen. "Are you mental, Evans? What--" Severus felt it before he saw it. A sudden chill down his spine. Something was flying up from the eastern path. As it drew nearer, he could make out a black hooded cloak in the wind, and his sense of dread grew as it came closer. Severus' instinct said "Dementor," except when he looked more closely... Sirius had frozen at the sound of hoofbeats. "A horse?" he whispered. The cloaked figure was riding a horse, decked out in armor. Severus could even see metal glinting off the rider's hands. It wasn't a dementor, then. But something in his gut told him not to lower his wand. They watched as the rider cantered to a halt almost on top of them. Severus noticed Lily take a stumbling leap backwards. She looked absolutely terrified. He shifted to put himself between her and the rider, who was now leering down at them from under its hood. It was impossible to see the rider's face in the dark, but under the bright moonlight he thought he could see dark wet stains on the fabric. And the horse's hooves. Severus was just starting to debate whether this rider could be a type of dark faery he'd read about when it suddenly uttered a raspy hiss. "Shire..! Baggins...!" Severus felt his mouth drop open slightly. Could that possibly be Parseltongue? Before he could speak, Lily shoved her way past him and stood before the dark rider. Her hands were trembling, but her voice was clear. "The Bagginses live in Hobbiton. I heard they were headed West." The rider let cry an ear-splitting screech and kicked his mount. It charged down the road and within a few moments was gone. The four wizards stared after it for a long time, then one by one turned their heads to look at Lily. She was biting her lower lip, eyes wide and fearful, as though she knew something they didn't, and dreaded it. She turned to the road, running her hand distractedly under her bangs. "The East Road... that had to be the Old Forest... a Nazgul... Oh my dear god, what the hell did I do?" "Evans." James had finally found his voice. She stopped short, and it took a moment for her eyes to focus on him. Severus' blood went cold; she looked on the verge of tears. He saw James step forward to her cautiously, obviously trying hard to not upset her further. "I just have two questions," he said with forced calm. "Where are we, and how do you know?" The witch sighed heavily and dropped her hands to her sides. "I think I just zapped us into Middle Earth."