"Glorfindel." "Aye." It was hard to see the other elf in the soft light of the lanterns. "I'm sorry, perhaps my memory is still not what it should be… Do I know you?" A snort was his answer and the elf limped forward, letting the light fall upon his face. "Do you know me. Listen to you, you peacock!" It was Glorfindel's turn to stare in shock and dismay. "But…you…" "Yes, yes. I know." A wry smile, and he held his hands up to the light. Both were badly scarred, red, twisting lines that looked as if fire had touched the flesh and left it permanently changed. The scars twisted up his wrists to disappear into the sleeves of the robe. "I shan't be playing any battle flutes for you any time, dear friend." "Thel." Glorfindel dropped his bag and strode forward to grab his old friend into a hug. "Ecthelion! Sweet stars…Thel…" "Not so hard, my friend. This body is not what it once was." Squeezing his friend's hand, Ecthelion sat and waved Glorfindel to sit as well. "Look at you though." Awe tinged his voice. "Círdan told me you would come. Oh, not so much in those words, but he eluded enough. Well, I hoped the old barnacle was right." "Thel…I saw you die. You drowned. I…we …" "Yes, and there are those who lived through both Gondolin and the kin-slaying at Arvernien who will swear they saw YOU die." Eyes sad, Ecthelion shook his head. "Your body was carried up by the Great Eagles and the survivors made a cairn for you, you know." Tears appeared in his eyes. "So many died." "But how did you survive? And why the name?" "Ah…Glor." Sighing, Ecthelion rubbed his chest. "I don't remember what happened. I suppose Lord Ulmo took pity on me? The waters are his, after all." "You never went to Mandos' Halls?" "No." Eyes distant, Ecthelion cast his memory back. "I remember sinking and looking up, longing to be able to help all of you. Then…" He shrugged. "I was grabbed and pulled down. I thought it had to be Gothmog.." A grimace, shared by Glorfindel. "But it was water." A helpless look, he truly didn't remember. "There was a rush and darkness and then I woke up on the shores of the sea." "Lord Ulmo." "Yes?" How many times had he gone and sat, staring out at the sea, hoping for a glimpse of the Vala, and just a moment to get an answer. "I've spoken to Círdan a great deal about it, for he found me." Wry smile for that; the shipwright had told him he'd found a great many things on the beach over his long life, but never a mostly dead elf. "I was half-drowned, badly burned, both arms broken. He got me to a healer and …" Ecthelion met the blue eyes watching him intently. "To be honest, Glorfindel, I didn't want the attention. I am a freak. I should have died and didn't and the scars of that fight…" Pulling aside his robe, he showed his friend the scars on his chest and shoulder from the balrog's whip and flames. "It has stayed with me." He shrugged. "My face healed mostly but there are scars. The battle changed me. Enough so that no one recognized me." Glorfindel reached out and touched the scarred face, once so beautiful that Ecthelion had been called the fairest of those in Gondolin. "You are still beautiful to me." "Ah, my dear friend." Ecthelion took the hand and squeezed it. "All that was left to me was my voice, and for a time I thought I'd lost that too, from screaming in pain." His eyes brightened. "But you, to see you here, now…that is a balm to my soul." It hurt to see his friend scarred and changed, but Glorfindel smiled. "You are not so different, you know. Oh, on the surface, yes, you are touched with the marks that your bravery and honour brought. Scars they say, honor I name it. You saved Tuor, Ecthelion. He lived a long, happy life." "And you saved Eärendil." A smile, tinged with sadness graced the reborn elf's face. "He asked for you during the journey into the mountains. I fear he mourned you." "It was best that they thought me dead." Ecthelion rubbed a hand over his hand and the twisted skin. "A memory is better than the truth, I fear." Glorfindel did not agree. Pride was a hard thing to let go, however. Most elves would have died, yet his friend lived. Ecthelion's name had become a battle cry that set fear in the Orcs, and it was possible his being alive would give elves hope..but it was not Glorfindel's choice to make. "Erestor, eh?" As if reading his friend's mine, Ecthelion sighed quietly. "Many survived horrors they would rather leave behind. We honour that here, in Gil-galad's court." That mischievous smile of old lit the elf's eyes as he looked up. "You'll fit right in." "Ah, my very old friend…" Glorfindel sat back and slouched a bit in his chair, already feeling a bit more at home in this strange new land. He nudged Ecthelion's foot with a boot. "What does 'Erestor' do?" "I am a royal advisor, a curmudgeon and help Elrond with chronicling events as he wishes to be a lore master some day." How odd that his friend, once a warrior and bard was now a scribe. Life went on, and like a river its path was ever changing. "Elrond?" Ecthelion smiled and reached for a decanter of very good wine and two glasses. "Here. Relax and let me catch you up on what you've missed, but first." He handed the glass to Glorfindel and reached to gently tap his glass against it. "To the best friend I've ever had. A very merry Yule, and wishes for a wonderful second life." "Aye," Glorfindel agreed. "The best is yet to come!" ~*~*~ The end