This last fortnight saw such devastation, Estel. I…" Legolas stopped speaking, his eyes full of tears. The Elf hurriedly looked away, lifting the boy as he stood from the chair. He set the child back down, covering him with the blanket, then took a few steps away. "There are things, Estel… that one so young as yourself is not meant to know." The prince whispered. Legolas sighed, trying to bring some form of composure back to his expression. He sat on the edge of the bed, burying his face in his hands. Long moments passed, in which the only sound in the room was the crackling of the fire. Suddenly however, he felt Estel near him. The boy reached out, hugging Legolas around the middle and resting his head against the prince's chest. "I'm not so young as to know you're in pain, Legolas…" Estel whispered. Tears slipped from Legolas' eyes unchecked. A broken sob escaped him and he pulled the boy to him. Holding the child carefully, Legolas knelt on the floor, Estel cradled next to him. "Alae!" the prince cried, his face hidden in his hair. "His blood is on my hands… I tried… I tried to save him, and yet in the end… in the end I…" "Sidh." Estel whispered, moving the Elf's hair to better glimpse his blue eyes. "Everything'll be alright, Legolas. You'll see…" the boy smiled sadly. "I promise." There was such trust in those grey eyes. Legolas forgot his pain. He simply sat, staring into Estel's gaze and thinking of the innocence of that child. The prince had wanted to spare Estel from ever knowing such horrible things… but already the boy proved that he was strong. Strong enough to understand. "Hannon le…" Legolas whispered. "Will you tell me?" Estel asked after a time. Legolas sat, holding the boy against him. He had pulled the coverlet from the bed and now both were wrapped up in it. The prince sighed, closing his eyes for a moment before speaking. "I was in command of a patrol. Our destination was the boarder of Mirkwood. Halfway there, our small band was assailed by the spiders which run rampant through our woods. Many of the Elves in my command died… but there was one…" Legolas stopped for a moment. "He was my friend… one of my dearest friends… Morlan. The reaction to the venom of the spiders varies from Elf to Elf, Estel. I myself have been bitten, and merely succumbed to being paralyzed. I could not move for hours. But Morlan had been with me… he had saved me. This time…" tears came to the Elf's eyes. "This time, it was he whom the spiders took. He fought with all his strength, but the poison became too much. We headed back to the palace, fearful of another attack. Already our number was thinned, for there had been hundreds of spiders, Estel…" "I hate spiders." The boy whispered, taking one of Legolas' hands into his own. "El and Ro always get rid of them when I call." Legolas smiled, "Then they are wonderful brothers. I hate them too, tithen pen. I hate them almost as much as Orcs… And now…" the prince took a deep breath. "Morlan became so very ill. A day before we reached the palace, he begged me to kill him. Valar, my dearest friend gave me his knife and begged that I end his pain. We knew he would die before we reached home… but…" "You killed him." Estel spoke. The prince nodded, tears falling from his eyes once more. Estel smiled sadly, placing his little hands on the sides of Legolas' face. "It's alright. He's happy now. He's in Mandos' Halls." Legolas tried to laugh, but it turned into a sob. "Oh, Estel… For one so young, you are very wise. Your ada said the same thing to me earlier." The two sat in silence for a long time. Outside, snow began to fall. Legolas watched it until he could feel the rhythmic breathing of the child in his arms. Standing, the Elf carefully laid Estel on the bed, making sure the boy was covered up nicely. A smile on his face, Legolas fell upon the room's chaise. His eyes glazed over, and soon the prince was walking through the world of Elvish dreams. The next morning found quite an amusing sight. Little Estel lay sprawled out on Legolas' bed, the coverlet in disarray. Legolas himself rested on the chaise, one arm dangling down, his fingertips brushing the floor lightly. One of the prince's legs was draped over the back of the chaise, the dying firelight glinting off of his delicate features. Thus this was how Elladan and Elrohir found their little brother and the blond Elf, though neither had to the heart to wake them. Estel walked in dreams of his own making. He and Legolas at the river, telling stories and passing the time by skimming stones. Legolas' own dreams reflected happier times. His dark secret, the blood stained hands which had haunted his mind for days, were no longer present. In his mind, the prince dreamt of the future. He saw Estel, Aragorn, as the king he was meant to be. He saw peace and an end to war. With those sights, the memory of Morlan's death was finally put to rest. The End Song Used: Where has that old friend gone Lost in a February song Tell him it won't be long 'Til he opens his eyes, opens his eyes Where is that simple day Before colors broke into shades And how did I ever fade Into this life, into this life -"February Song" (Josh Groban "Awake") Words To Know: Hannon le - Thank you Tithen pen - Little one Gwador - Brother (but not twins) Muindor - Brother (twins) Ada - Father Mellon nin - My friend Ion nin - My son Thranduilion - Son of Thranduil Iston - I know Alae - Alas Sidh - Peace