it was from the dusty air, Aragorn knelt down to try and find some hole in the rock. "Are you alright?" the man asked, finding that every rock he tried to move, only made the pile shift down tighter. It took a moment before the Elf answered. "Yes and no." Those words, and their pained tone, sent warning signals off in the human's mind. "I am alright, but my arm is broken... and I think a few ribs may be broken as well." Aragorn closed his eyes, leaning against the rock. "Legolas... I can not move the rock. Everytime I try, it shifts down even tighter. I..." "Go for help." Legolas replied. The sound of slightly shifting stone met the man's ears, and suddenly, Legolas' uninjured arm broke through the debris. Quickly, Aragorn grabbed the Elf's hand. "I can not move any of the other stones. Not with my injuries. This will at least provide me with air." the Elf was saying, trying to ignoring the searing pain in his body. "Return to Rivendell, Estel." The young man shook his head, "It will take a day to get home, Legolas. Two to return. I can not leave you here!" "And you can not save me alone." the prince replied before laughing softly. "I did tell you I hated caves..." Nodding, Aragorn squeezed the Elf's hand tightly. "I will return. I swear it. Do you have water? Food?" "Aye, my pack is well." Legolas spoke softly, returning the pressure on Aragorn's own hand. "Hurry, mellon nin." With another nod, the man released Legolas' hand. "I will return, Legolas. There is naught to fear." Quickly he stood and grabbed his torch before beginning to run, as quickly as possible, back down the passage. Sighing, Legolas closed his blue eyes and leaned back. "Never again." he whispered, gingerly holding his broken arm. "Never again will I explore a cave." "And obviously, I healed and..." Pippin shook his head, "But how did ya git outta tha hole?" the Hobbit asked curiously. Sighing, the Elf smiled. "So many questions. If you must know, Master Peregrin, Aragorn returned in two days time with Glorfindel and a host of Elven warriors. They carefully dug me out and five days later, I was healing in Lord Elrond's home." "It took them two days?" Merry replied in wide eyed shock. "It did." the Elf nodded. "I was stuck in a very small space, with naught but some water and food, for four days. On the fifth day, I fell unconscious from the pain of my arm, though that was only when Aragorn and Glorfindel were setting the bone." At this, all three Hobbits winced. Boromir shook his head slightly, "Elves must have ungodly stamina." "We do." Legolas said, as if it were common knowledge. "And even though I vowed to never find myself in a cave again..." he let the comment hang in the air, because he was obviously in a cave... again... Gimli shook his head, "Bah, the Mines o' Moria aren't likely ta be fallin' down on yer head, lad." the Dwarf said gruffly. "They've stood tha test o' time, they have." "Time or not," the Elf shook his head. "I do not like caves, Master Dwarf, nor will I ever like them." Pippin nodded, "Seems like they hold too many memories, an' bad ones a' that." "That they do, Pippin." Aragorn spoke up as he looked over his shoulder to the Elf. Legolas' blue eyes sparkled and he nodded slightly, catching the man's gaze. "But he is here, just the same." the man finished. "No truer bravery is there than that." The youngest Hobbit seemed to consider this for a long time. Finally, Pippin nodded. "I see your point." he said with a smile. "If it'd been me, I would've left at tha mere mention of tha idea, myself." Legolas laughed, "And that, my dear Hobbit, is something that you will one day find most untrue of yourself." Pippin shook his head, before suddenly his stomach growled. "Merry." "What?" his cousin asked, looking from Legolas to the Hobbit. "I'm hungry." Merry rolled his eyes. "Shhh... Gandalf's thinking." Aragorn smiled, looking to Legolas once more. "Le na-eithel?" (Are you well?) The prince returned his friend's smile before nodding. "Im eithel." Legolas said softly. "Gosto ennas u-nad." (I am well. There is naught to fear.) THE END Author's Note: Morolas is an original OC, as are Legede and Galenion. Please don't steal them. But if you want, you can borrow them (just ask permission). For those of you wanting more of the Morolas story... yeah... it'll come sometime. Soon as I can finish it. It'll be insanely angsty! The part about "Shh... Gandalf's Thinking" and Pip being hungry... that was put in there in honor of my own Merry. It was one of our favorite things to say. I'd go, "Merry?" and she'd look at me and say, "What?" and then I'd randomly go, "I'm hungry." and she'd stick a finger in front of her mouth and go, "Shhh... Gandalf's Thinking.". It was one of those random things we did back in High School. So yeah, that's there for her! Also, I tried to make everything Book-Canon EXCEPT for when they were in the Mines of Moria. All of that should be Movie-Canon. Yes, I had to go re-watch a couple scenes to see the person order or walking or who was sitting where. The flashback from 2951 would be the year that Aragorn met Arwen. So all of that happens within that time frame (actually a few days after that meeting). I do hope my timeline wasn't confusing. Also, all of the Elvish was done by me with aid from my David Salo book on Sindarin. If I butchered the language, please forgive me, as syntax sometimes makes my head spin. Lastly, here are a couple of words you may need to know if you don't already know them... Mellon nin = My friend Ada = Father