archer, the Dwarf was seemingly struck speechless. "Why would an Elf want to know our ways?" the Dwarf asked in their own speech. Gimli shrugged, but before he could reply, Legolas laughed. "Because, master Dwarf... I am not like most Elves." the prince replied pleasantly in Khuzdul before inclining his head politely to the archive curator and leading from the room. Of course Gimli ignored the startled sputtering confusion of his fellow Dwarf and quickly followed Legolas. "I assume ye know where yer goin'?" The prince shook his head, "Not really, no. But I thought to myself, if I retraced our steps, I could return to the surface to watch the sun set." "Come on then..." Gimli huffed, leading the way. "Wouldn't want ye to get lost and go readin' things." To this, Legolas merely laughed. It was the talk of the hall really... an Elf in their midst that knew the Khuzdul. Many Dwarves were angry with this turn of events, but others were curious. Why would an Elf even want to know more about the folk under the mountain? By the end of Legolas' first stay in Gimli's homeland, he had made quite a few... dare he call them friends? Certainly acquaintances that looked kindly upon him at any rate. The glares he got were fewer and farther between... just as it had been in Eryn Lasgalen for Gimli. It seemed that the more the two races got to know one another, the more they found they had in common. It was truly all that Legolas could ask for. The eve before the prince had deemed he would return home however, Gimli had asked the Elf one simple question... "What made ye think to give Thorin a record of Durin's lineage?" For a time, Legolas could not truly reply. He knew why... but explaining it was a bit harder. "Because we are the same, dear Gimli. Your people and mine are the same and yet different. We both want to take our people into the world, my friend... and to do so, we must have a broader picture of that world and the peoples within it. I come from a land far more secluded than your own, so perhaps for me, learning about the other races of this world is more important than anything else... for how can we stand as allies without understanding one another? So... I had the tapestry sewn as a gift to let Thorin Stonehelm know that where he came from, where his people have come from, is important to the Elves... and that your ways, your words, your letters... are equally as important. I want the Elves and the Dwarves to stand side by side and put their differences behind them, just like you and I." To that, Gimli could only mirror the Elf's smile... and agree. THE END AUTHOR'S NOTES: - Please note that Thorin III Stonehelm is NOT Thorin II Oakenshield. They're both just named Thorin and as it'd be a bit odd for Gimli to speak in a familiar manner using titles... Thorin III is just Thorin in this story. Even calling him Stonehelm would've seemed odd to me and of course he wouldn't call him by his true Dwarven name with Legolas standing there. Plus I don't want to speculate on true names. ;) - There will be no spoken Khuzdul in this story... because Legolas isn't supposed to know it (even though he does, haha) and because wrapping my brain around Sindarin is hard enough... - The Cirth on the tapestry that Legolas presents looks like this (please tale out the spaces to make the link work) and this was all done by me based on Angerthas Erebor and the Line of Durin from the LOTR Appendix A. Please keep in mind that my Cirth isn't 100% accurate, though I tried to make it so. I'm much better at Tengwar. = img . photobucket albums / v383 / LegolasLover2003 / Banners % 20and % 20Icons / LineofDurin_zps4c5c8430 . Png - I figure if Haldir and Aragorn get to know what Gimli says in LOTR: TTT then Legolas gets to know the Khuzdul too. I know very few Elves would know it, but hey... Gandalf would know it and thus... he "secretly" taught it to Legolas at some point in the prince's past. Imagine what his father would have said... learning the speech of the stunted people... tsk tsk tsk. SINDARIN WORDS/PLACES TO KNOW: Mal = Gold Angerthas = Runes Malangerthas = Runes of Gold Thranduilion = Son of Thranduil Caun Eryn Lasgalen = Prince of the Wood of Greenleaves Mithrandir = Another name for Gandalf Elessar = Aragorn's name as King Imladris = Another name for Rivendell Mithlond = Another name for the Grey Havens Eryn Lasgalen = Mirkwood after it's renaming. Eden Cuil = New Life (what Legolas will name his colony in Ithilien, non-canon) Muse Moments: Legolas sighed, putting a hand on top of the woman's head. "You have been staring at that image for half an hour, Nileregwen... Do tell me... what about it fascinates you so?" Nil didn't exactly move though... she just kept staring. "It's just so... so... awesome." The Elf screwed up his face in disgust. "How can you find something so horrific... 'awesome'?" "Because it makes me want to torment your father of course." she replied with a smile, glancing up at the archer. "Where is the king any way?" At this, Legolas smirked slightly, "Avoiding you, to be honest. Ever since you got your hands on that image... he has made it a priority to stay out of your path, least he face your fanfiction writer wrath." "He's known worse wrath." Nil teased, closing the computer and taking Legolas' hand off her head. "And he can't escape my angsty gaze. I've already almost finished a story to torment him with." The prince rolled his eyes, "Why doesn't that surprise me?..." Note: (screams) DRAGON FIRE! And that's all I'm gonna say!