as he took the reins from her hands. "You conversed with the horses." He asked. Ana blinked at his question and she gave her friend a quizzical stare. The red-head shrugged. "Well, it was more along the lines of I talked and they intently listened. They looked so focused; it was almost like they did understand." Another shrug and she turned to rub her bay's snout lovingly. Her answer didn't seem to mollify the two, but besides a wary look from Loki and a confused frown from Ana, they didn't say anything more. It wasn't long before everything that Loki had taken from the bandits, which surprisingly had been a lot, was packed and secured to the two horses. Giving his two mortal companions a cursory look, he spoke up. "We will need to get you appropriate clothing once we are in town. The garments you wear now will garner unwanted attention from men," at this he gave Aurorah's curvy form and generous breast an appreciative look that had her blushing, "and are far from reliable for travel. We will be on the road often, as I do not wish to stay for any length of time in a town, and you will wish to be comfortable." He explained smoothly. "The great Loki is concerned for our wellbeing, why is the world not ending yet." Aurorah quipped; covering her chest with her arms. His look had made her very aware that her robe was slightly see-through. Loki's sneered at her. "I don't, but I would rather not have to listen to your whining." The distinct sound of a heavy sigh from Ana made Aurorah laugh slightly. "Can we just get going? I for one would like to eat something that is not roasted lizard or rabbit." Ana said as she walked up to the bay horse and patted his neck. It had been decided that Aurorah and Ana would share a horse as Ana did not know how to ride and Loki quite frankly didn't know the meaning of sharing. "How long is it going to take us to get to a town?" she asked. Loki brought out a thin and worn out looking piece of leather and laid it flat upon a smooth rock. It was an old, very well used map. "We are here I believe," he said pointing to spot on the map and then his finger shifted to another, "This town here is where we will be going and should only be a few days travel if we keep at a steady pace. Given your modern upbringing, traveling long distances will wear you out quickly, so we will take frequent breaks. We will not stay in one place for long though. I do not put much faith in the silly girls trick with the horses and having bandits close behind us is not something I feel like dealing with." Aurorah hunched her shoulders, slight guilt welling in her stomach. Ana seemed to feel her friend's distress and placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "I feel a sense of caring coming from you again your highness." Aurorah said, battling her guilt with witty commentary. Loki didn't respond and instead rolled up the map, placing it inside his leather clothing. He turned from the two women and strode over to his black mount. With an ease even the most experience horse rider would be jealous of, he placed a foot into the stirrup and swung a long leg over the horses back and settled neatly into the saddle. Sitting atop the beautiful horse, his lithe frame covered in generous amounts of fancy leather and pieces of golden metal armor, he looked very much like the Prince of Asgard he claimed to be. He looked gorgeous and it was very hard for Ana and Aurorah not to voice their opinions on the matter. They were pretty sure his ego didn't need a good stroking. With a blush rivaling the color of a tomato, Aurorah helped Ana up onto the back of the horse before getting on herself. She grabbed the reins tightly in her hands and her friend leaned into her and whispered. "Rory, I don't think I need to tell you this, but don't start growing any unhealthy attractions towards Loki. I will admit he is very good looking, but do not let your desires go beyond appreciation for his appearance. He will take your heart and he will break it." She told her seriously. Aurorah looked back at her, seeing worry for her clear in her green eyes. She smiled. "You don't have anything to worry about women, I can take of myself." She heard the soft sigh but ignored it in favor of moving her horse to follow Loki, who had already begun to leave. "You're doing a splendid job so far." What do ya think guys. If you are confused at all, things will be explained in more detail in the next chapter, such as Ana's magick and the spell she used to summon Loki. Also, she will explain why she summoned him. If we get any LOTR facts in the story wrong please tell us, (No flaming, I will shank you KTHX) I (Axel) do not know much of the LOTR fandom, Cat does, but we will be having a LOTR watchathon to get me up to speed. (I haven't watched the movies in a very long time) So yeah, tell us what you guys think. If you read this story, it would be much appreciated if you left a review. It can be of what you like or dislike about the story. We would really just like to know what you thought. If you review this story then please leave us a way to answer back. If you hate this story and flame and don't leave a way for us to answer you then we will not take your comment seriously. Constructive feedback is most welcome. Thank you. So please, R&R! ;D