For but a moment, Thranduil willed the magic in his ring to fade on more. His blue gaze traveled down to see his reflection in the shattered glass again. He saw the pain in his own face... the torment that had been cast upon him in that black land... He recalled his love of strong wine... how it eased the agony that every word brought forth from his lips caused him... The sight lost to him... to an Elf... the imperfection that adorned his skin... Thranduil remembered just how hot the flames had been... how his father had screamed as the flesh melted from his very bones... How Legede had been the only thing to save the Sindar Elf from his own madness and suffering in those dark days of the Last Alliance upon that battlefield of naught but destruction and death... He recalled how the dark came ever closer, and no matter what Thranduil did... it would not stop... But then he, almost unbidden, thought of a small Elven boy, with his tuneful laughter and joyful wonderment at the world around him even in these shadowed times... He thought of the child who cared not for the scars that the Elvenking hid away for his own sense of vanity... He thought of the archer who was, even now, doing his father proud... He thought of his son... and for once... without the aid of enchantments... Thranduil truly smiled. THE END Sindarin Words To Know: hir nin = my lord mellon nin = my friend caun = prince caun nin = my prince ada = father daer-ada = grandfather ion nin = my son tithen pen = little one naneth = mother Author's Notes: - I have a lot of thoughts about Thranduil's scars... some of them are hinted at above but others I plan to delve into more deeply at a later date. - I started this story at 4am when I got home from seeing "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug" and to be quite honest I wrote almost all of it by the time I went to bed at 6am. That single moment where Thranduil's face changed... to me, was the most striking moment of the entire movie. It explains so very very much about him. - Because I know of no actual canon moment when Thranduil would have been present to fight a dragon, I have decided that in my own canon world, that Sauron employed the use of Dragons during the Last Allliance (this was also something that Gandalf, in the first Hobbit film, was afraid would happen with Smaug and thus why he was urging Thorin to deal with the Dragon) which is possible since Morgoth used them in his own battles. What better way to decimate Elvish forces than to send a Dragon before your host of legions? Oropher was killed in the first assault on Mordor, and by the time the war was over, Thranduil only lead back barely a third of his people still alive. It makes perfect sense to me that Oropher could have been slain by a Dragon, and if Thranduil was at his father's side... - I also think that Thranduil has the power to control his illusion, but I like the idea of one of his many rings helping with that. If you notice, in the film, Thranduil has 4 rings. All are silver except the snake ring (which is gold). I've used the snake ring before in another story, and I really like that ring, so it's Thranduil's magic source for his enchantment. He can either take the ring off to remove the spell, or he can lose control of it, like he did with Thorin, and until he regains control of his own magic, the illusion remains non-existent. - Big shout out to my friend Kaikoloren for reading this story then suggesting I make it past and future because I seriously was having problems with how it read too fast, hehehe. -hugs- Muse Moments: Nil is running around the kitchen making coffee and singing, "And I see fire, inside the mountain. I see fire, burning the trees. I see fire, hollowing souls, I see fire, blood in the breeze. And I hope that..." she stopped suddenly, catching a familiar visage from the corner of her eye. "Don't look at me that way." the woman said as she scooped coffee into the pot. "I didn't disfigure you. That was ALL PJ's doing, Thranduil." The Elvenking is standing in the kitchen doorway, watching her with a none-too-amused look on his face. "Indeed." "I couldn't have dreamed he would do that... bravo to him for it too. You became such a deeper character with that small little chance he took. Loved it." "Well I do not love it!" Thranduil replied, almost shouting. Nil winced, "You know there was a time when I feared you... but now I can torment you just as much as I torment Legolas. Oh my how the tables have turned." Rage rippled off the Elf in waves as he turned and strode majestically out of sight. "You should not antagonize him..." spoke Legolas as he walked in from another door. The woman smiled, "Long as you're not telling me not to antagonize "Tauriel", then I think we're good here. Besides... what's the worst that could happen?" There is suddenly a very loud crashing sound in the back of the house and Paris comes running out of nowhere. "Thranduil is taking his rage out on your posters!" "NOOOOO!" Sighing, Legolas watched as Nileregwen and Paris run off to deal with a very pissy Elvenking. The prince sighed, glancing to the coffee pot with a wicked gleam in his blue gaze. Quickly... before it could brew more... he simply threw out the filter with the coffee. "Let us see how well you write when you have nothing warm to wake your body and soul..." Legolas spoke with a smirk, before heading out to find entertainment elsewhere.