"My father… my mother… they wait for me, just as yours do for you." Legolas sighed, wiping the tears from his eyes. "Then… then I suppose I understand, Estel… I understand why you must go." "I wish not to burden those whom I love, Legolas…" The prince nodded, "And I wish not to burden you with my own silliness." Aragorn shook his head. "'Tis not silliness, mellon nin. You grieve, just as I know Arwen will." Silence stretched between them once more, and eventually, it was the prince who spoke up. "What will you do?" he asked. "I mean… Eldarion has already taken your place as king… but what of your beloved?" The man sighed, "Arwen… I pray she travels to Valinor… yet I fear I know her heart. She wishes to fade, just as I shall, from this world. Just as I could not live without her…" "She can not live without you." The Elf finished for him. "And yet you ask me to…" Aragorn shook his head. "I ask you to go home, Legolas. This very day if you must, but I ask you to leave this place and never to return. That is my one and final request, mellon nin." Legolas smiled sadly as he shook his head. He took the king's hand in his own, clasping it tightly and placing it over his heart. "I shall not leave your side, gwador nin… Not until your spirit is taken by Mandos. I will never, ever, leave your side, Estel." "Legolas…" But the prince remained unshakeable on that. He smiled sadly. "I will remain here until you are gone… then… only then… will I go home as well." Ir pan lynt Gar-remmen palan A pan raid Taithannen a thar-tobonnen Ir pan min Onen pedo. Im innas tegi le ad Bar an dortho. When all boats Have sailed far And all paths Marked and covered over When all roads Gave say I will bring you back Home to stay When every boat Has sailed away And every path Is marked and paved When every road Has had its say Then I'll be bringing you back Home to stay "What will ye do now, laddie?" Legolas sighed, his gaze tilted up to lock with the blue sky above. The clouds had parted, and the rain of that fateful day was now drying beneath the sun's pure rays. "I do not know." Gimli hrumphed, tilting his stance slightly so that he could lean against the wall behind him. "Ye hav'ta do somethin'. Not goin' back to yer forests are ye?" "No." the prince replied sadly, "No… Caldor will care for the Elves of Ithilien now. They are all that remain of our kind in this world…" Still however, the dwarf would not have his question ignored so easily. "Then…" Legolas looked down at the stout being, tears in his blue eyes. "Then what?" he asked, though it was obvious that the prince was barely able to form sentences without allowing his grief to overtake him. At the sight of his companion, the dwarf suddenly felt very uncomfortable. "Then what?" the prince replied, blinking away the tears as he focused on Gimli. "I uh… Then what will ye be doin'?" The Elf sighed as his gaze found the horizon. "I will go home." "Home?" Gimli asked in amazement. "Are ye daft, Elf? There's nothin' in them woods to tha…" "Not to Eryn Lasgalen, Gimli." Legolas replied, pointing west. "I will truly go home." "Oh…" The prince's answer seemed to greatly dishearten the old dwarf. Gimli's gaze found the ground as he kicked at a few rocks with his boots. A smile crossed the Elf's face as he spoke teasingly, "And what shall you ever do with me gone?" Gimli's gaze went to Legolas immediately. "Bah! I can do quite well fer meself without ye!" "Can you?" Legolas asked before crouching down until he was eye-level with his small friend. "And what, do you think, would an old dwarf say to a little sailing adventure, hm?" This caused Gimli's eyes to narrow. "Just what're ye suggestin', Elf?" "A little wager for adventure, my friend." Legolas replied with a smile. "I'll bet all of my lands in Ithilien that you would be allowed in Valinor." Gimli's eyes went from narrowed to surprised. The dwarf sputtered for a few moments before he thrust out one hand. "It's a bet then, laddie. Yer lands in Ithilien to me own Glitterin' Caves. " Legolas took his friend's hand. "Hannon le, Gimli…" the Elf whispered before full out hugging the dwarf. "Hannon le…" It was not long later, that both Legolas and Gimli sailed west to Valinor's Undying Lands. But neither forgot the man whose friendship had inspired them both. Aragorn… Estel… would always remain with them. Ratha-ed-an nin Can-ed-nin eneth A i m innas tegi le ad ad Sir Reach out to me Call out my name And I will bring you back again Today Reach out to me Call out my name And I will bring you back again Today THE END… Words To Know: Mellon nin - My friend Iston - I know Gwador nin - My brother (non-related brothers) Hannon le - Thank you Author's Note: The song used throughout was Josh Groban's "Home To Stay" from his self titled first album. Parts of the song were omitted since they fell out of context. The Elvish translation of "Home To Stay" was done by me (and it's not perfect). Also, the Bolded part of the song is the Elvish translation, the italics part of the song is the literal English translation, and the normal text part of the song are the actual Josh Groban song lyrics. The poem used at the beginning was written by me. It is entitled, "Left Behind" . Lastly, the poem is signed "Caun Laegolas Thranduilion". Caun means Prince and Thranduilion means Son of Thranduil. The strange spelling of Legolas however is how it would truly be spelt in Sindarin.