slaughtered. Another two of those in Celebannon were felled by flaming arrows from the river bank." the prince spoke, accepting his father's help. "Those of us who returned are wounded. I... fifteen of us guarded him, adar... I have never seen a force of Orcs so strong... so organized... so of like mind and driving desire." "And this will likely not be the last time you see it, ion nin." Thranduil replied, pushing the younger Elf down into a chair while one of the healers came to inspect him. Already they were busy with the remains of the patrol. "When you are well... Elrond has called a council. The message arrived this morn. You will attend... and you will tell them this most grievous news." "Adar..." But the Elvenking shook his head. "He was your charge, Legolas. He was your burden. They must know that blood was spilt beneath our boughs. They must be warned." Sighing, Legolas nodded. "Is there anything else, adar?" "We shall talk later." Thranduil spoke, his hand light on the prince's shoulder. "Get some rest, ion nin..." Imladris - October 25 th , III 3018 Aragorn had not exactly expected to find the Elven prince standing on the balcony of the arhcer's room at Imladris. In fact, the man had almost decided to search the grounds and the nearest tall trees... but something within had bade him to this spot. After all their time together, Estel still could not track the movement of his friend, even in the wilds. Wood Elves were aptly named, after all. He supposed, perhaps, that maybe the heart could be as good at tracking as sight and smell, as sound and taste and touch. "Your brothers infuriate me." Aragorn's grey eyes fixed on the motionless figure who stood, his hands on the railing, leaning forward slightly. "You are not the first to think that." "Nor will I be the last." Legolas replied, glancing over his shoulder at the human. "'Twas my fault, Estel. Gollum strayed from even my keen sight and though I slaughtered Orc after Orc... he eluded me still. My father is ashamed of the failure, though he will not speak it openly, and many lives were lost in trying to reclaim the creature. I know not how to make it right. I know not how to honor my promise to you." "This makes it right, does it not?" the Ranger asked, stepping up beside his friend. "The quest, I mean." Blue eyes closed for a moment. "I know not... He will be furious that I have left on another of your little 'adventures' but I dare not speak the truth of our errand. A messenger can be caught or slain and his message stolen by the enemy. No... none in Mirkwood shall know the true purpose of our journey, but I can not leave my father in the dark either. I will tell him we have gone to search for the creature... and he will brood and wonder what dark trouble you have led me into this time." Legolas sighed softly before placing one hand on Aragorn's shoulder. "I am sorry, mellon nin. You trusted me with this charge... and I failed you." Yet Estel shook his head, placing his own hand on the Elf's shoulder in turn. "You have never failed me, Legolas. You tried to keep your promise but the enemy would not have it. You made a mistake. We all make mistakes, mellon nin. After all, you are only..." "Human?" the prince asked with a half smile. Oh how many times had Estel made mistakes in their adventures together? How many countless times had they failed, only to push through the fire and steel and come out alive and the better for it in the end? To Legolas' reply however, Aragorn could not help but laugh. THE END Elvish Words to Know: Mellon nin = My friend Taurduin = Forest River Sidh = Peace Muindyr nin = My brothers Adar = Father Ion nin = My son Author's Note: - Italics bit at the beginning is from page 245-249 of "The Lord of the Rings" (ISBN: 0-618-34399-7) trilogy by J.R.R. Tolkien. - The "Forest River" is never given an Elven name (least not one I know of) and to me it would seem odd for Legolas to just call it the "Forest River" so I took the word for 'forest' that is used in conjunction with Mirkwood (Taur) and the word for 'river' that is used in conjunction with the Celduin river just to the east of Mirkwood (Duin) and made one word... Taurduin. - Celebannon is a reference to a village of 'raft-elves' that dwelt on the banks of the river where the Forest River and Celduin (Running River) met. - Dates were taken from the Appendices of " The Lord of the Rings " itself, but SPECIFIC days were pulled from the website, "The Encyclopedia of Arda". Muse Moments: Legolas groans, "Nil, if you keep singing that song... I'm going to leave and go live outside." "Awww, but Leggy, it's a great song." Nil replies with a smile as she's folding laundry. "Yes... but you've been singing it almost non-stop for days now." he reminds, setting down the book he was reading. "Can't you listen to something else and..." "You know I can't write LOTR stories without my LOTR and Hobbit music!" she says, hands on her hips. "Besides, I think the "Lonely Mountain" is a terrific song. Just because you don't like most Dwarves..." Legolas laughs, "Nil, you don't like any Dwarves." "Well... well... No wait! I like Fili and Kili!" Nil smirks. "So there!" "Only because BlackHawk's stories made you love them." the Elf points out, standing and stretching his arms up over his head. "I'm going to get some lunch." Nil laughs, "Put the curry in the microwave! I'm hungry too!" She then goes back to singing Hobbit Dwarf songs while doing the laundry. "From dungeons deep... and caverns old..."