him to make the same kind of love match as herself, unlikely though that was. Faramir took another appreciative sip of wine. "What kind of qualities are you looking for in your queen exactly?" he asked. "Besides black hair, that is," Éowyn grumbled. Éomer frowned. "I have given the matter some thought," he explained, "for I want a queen worthy of my country, someone who understands the duties and burdens of being a ruler." He could see Éowyn rolling her eyes in exasperation, but ploughed on determinedly. "She should be able to run Meduseld smoothly, be dignified yet diplomatic, and have the necessary firmness to rule in my stead when I'm away: a gracious hostess and always courteous in her dealings with my people." His mental vision of a tall and regal figure was interrupted rudely by a disgusted snort of Éowyn's. "And I suppose this flower of Gondorian womanhood should be beautiful, graceful and versed in all the womanly arts as well?" Éomer could feel irritation rising again. "Well and what's wrong with that?" he asked. "I need a queen and mother for my heir, so why not select a suitably brought up Gondorian lady?" "Oh, Éomer!" Éowyn exclaimed. "That sounds so cold-blooded and mercenary, it's utterly unlike you." Éomer felt a wave of sadness pour through him. "I am king now, whether I want it or not," he pointed out. "I have to put the good of the Riddermark first. Anyway, I'm nearly thirty and I simply cannot afford to sit around another ten years, waiting for the woman of my dreams to show up." Éowyn looked distressed. "I know," she conceded. "But I'm warning you," she added, "if this paragon is even expert at sewing, I won't attend your wedding." Beside her, Faramir gave a laugh. "I'm afraid all the Gondorian ladies are expert at that," he said apologetically and Éowyn looked thoroughly disgusted. Her embroidery samplers were legendary. Éomer wondered what Gondor's court ladies, who never wielded anything sharper than a needle, would make of the slayer of the Witch King. Faramir turned his cup round in his hands thoughtfully. "Have you spoken to my uncle about your plans?" he asked Éomer. "As a matter of fact, I have spoken to Imrahil," Éomer nodded, "but I was rather puzzled by his reaction." "In what way?" asked the other man. Éomer thought back to his conversation with the Prince of Dol Amroth. "Well, I remembered he had once mentioned having a daughter, and I asked if she was of marriageable age. After all, she might well be a suitable candidate for an alliance, but he seemed rather put out by my question." "Oh, you mean Lothíriel," Faramir said, as if that explained everything. "No, what I wanted to say was that he knows the court well and might be able to advise you." Éowyn, who had sat brooding over her wine, looked up at that. "What's wrong with the Princess of Dol Amroth?" she asked. "Surely she's very well connected?" Faramir hesitated. "That's true, of course, none better, but…What did my uncle tell you?" he asked. "Only that she never leaves Dol Amroth," Éomer replied, his own curiosity stirring. Faramir stared down at his wine. "That's quite true, although I suppose she could do so now . Imrahil is very protective of her." "Why?" Éowyn asked, but Faramir shook his head. "It's for her own good, but that is not for me to tell," her betrothed replied firmly. "However, she would certainly not make a suitable queen for your brother." "Why not?" Éowyn insisted and Éomer privately wondered if the princess was ugly and deformed, or mentally deranged. "Lothíriel is a sweet girl, but she is rather…unusual. Let's just say that she's not what your brother is looking for. If you ever meet her, you will understand." "Well, I'm hardly likely to, if she never leaves Dol Amroth," Éowyn pointed out acerbically and Faramir could only shrug for a reply. She gave him a searching look and Éomer rather suspected that she would worm the truth out of her betrothed eventually. There wasn't much that could stop his sister, once her curiosity was aroused. For himself, Éomer had rather lost interest in the subject. After all it was none of his business how Imrahil ordered the affairs of his family. He had more pressing concerns. "I will talk to Imrahil again and ask him his opinion," he nodded at Faramir. "Anyway, I'm sure all the suitable ladies will be in attendance when you get married in spring." "And all the unsuitable ones," he heard Éowyn mutter under her breath, but aloud she only said, "Just make sure it's someone who would be comfortable sitting here and sharing a cup of Moragar wine with us." Éomer let his hands rest for a moment on the rough wooden boards of their makeshift table. Somehow he couldn't quite picture the kind of woman he was considering as a queen sitting here outside the lowly kitchen, drinking from an old dented cup. Even if was the finest wine Gondor had to offer. He felt a slight shiver of unease, but dismissed it as fanciful. He was king now; he just had to accept that his life had changed irrevocably. There was no use in looking back at the past in regret all the time. To the west, the moon was setting behind the gathering clouds. They had started to pile up above the mountains, threatening rain, but by the time the first fat drops started to fall on Edoras the celebration was over. By then the King of Rohan had long ago sought the comfort of his lonely bed. But later, the sound of rivulets of rain running off the eves of Meduseld woke him from his dreams, and it was a long time before sleep claimed him again. A/N: So here we go again! Many thanks to Lady Bluejay and Willow-41z for their comments and looking through this for me.