pains. There was no point in them both losing their positions. She changed the subject. "How are Mistress Indis and her twins today?" "They are doing well, but Mistress Indis is sore and weary after the birth. That's why I'm here. I need lavender, arnica, chickweed and calendula for her bath and for salves. I also need an infusion of nettle and raspberry." "I will get them for you at once, Dame Ioreth." "Why don't you bring them to Mistress Indis' room when they are ready. We don't often have twins born here, you should meet them. Such beautiful babies and big too for twins. I remember the first set of twins I delivered, so tiny they were that no one thought they would live and I rubbed them with olive oil and wrapped them in cotton wool and -" Morwen nodded mutely as Ioreth rambled on. Maybe meeting the twins might be a welcome distraction. That is, if the Warden had not sent for her to pronounce her doom before she could gather the herbs together that Mistress Indis required. A short while later, Morwen, together with Ioreth, entered Mistress Indis' room with the herbs. The pale new mother was dressed in a robe and sitting on a comfortable chair holding one baby while the other slept in a cradle at her feet. Morwen offered her congratulations. Babies tended to look much alike to her, but these were certainly fine ones, a boy and a girl each with a shock of dark hair. Mistress Indis smilingly accepted Morwen's good wishes. Her eyes were sparkling as she then said, "Would you believe it, but the King has asked to meet my babies! I'm all a flutter!" "You don't have to see him if you don't wish to, my dear," said Ioreth. "He made it very clear that it was a request, not an order, did Lord Elfstone. He 's here to see a patient he's treating, but he likes to give new babies his blessing when he can and folk say there are twins in his family, so I expect he is especially interested." "Oh, but I want to meet him," said Mistress Indis. "It would be a great honour." "I must return to my duties," said Morwen. "It was a pleasure to meet you and your beautiful babies, Mistress Indis." She turned to leave the room as swiftly as possible, but before she could leave there was a knock at the door. Ioreth called permission to the newcomer to enter. Much to her dismay, Morwen almost collided with the King. Today, he was still dressed simply, but in quality garments that made him look more kingly. On his breast he wore an eagle-shaped brooch set with a striking green gem. Mistress Indis made as if to rise, but the King gestured her to remain seated. Ioreth gave a cursory bow and introduced Mistress Indis then gestured towards Morwen. "And this, my lord, is Mistress Morwen, our herb mistress." "Mistress Morwen and I have met," said the King. Morwen tried to edge towards the doorway. "Wait, Mistress," he said. "I wish to speak to you." With a sinking heart, Morwen could only watch as the King took each baby in his arms and blessed it. "What are their names?" he asked the young mother. "I have not yet been able to decide, my lord. My husband and I never expected to need to think of two names." "How about Beren and Lúthien?" the King suggested. Indis beamed. "I like those names well, my lord." "And how do you fare, mistress?" "Well enough, my lord, but I am sore weary." "Permit me to aid you." Morten's eyebrows lifted as the King took Mistress Indis' hand and held the other a few inches above her still distended belly. It seemed to her that Indis' skin took on a healthier colour while for a few moments the King looked pale and weary. She blinked, thinking she must be imagining things after her sleepless night. The King said a few more words then took his leave of Mistress Indis. He made as to leave the room, beckoning Morwen to follow him. "There's no need to be scared, dear, just speak your mind freely," said Ioreth in an encouraging tone. "I believe Mistress Morwen always speaks her mind," the King said drily. Without another word, the King led Morwen to the Warden's office, though there was no sign of its usual occupant. Morwen fell to her knees. "I am so very sorry, my lord King. I did not mean to insult you." "Please rise," The King extended a hand. "You have a sharp tongue, mistress, I admit, but the fault was mine. I should have introduced myself. It was natural that you should take me for a trespasser. Sometimes, I forget I no longer have a need for anonymity. It is indeed needful to exercise caution concerning who is allowed near such potent herbs. It was not about yesterday that I wished to speak to you about." "My lord?" Morten's voice was little more than a croak. Could it be that the King of Gondor took no offence at her rudeness, as if she were some great lady rather than a simple herb mistress? "I should like to grow more elven herbs here at the Houses, but would not plant them here without your permission, Mistress. I believe we could have many new treatments to benefit the patients." "Gladly, my lord. Nothing gives me greater pleasure than to learn about new herbs." The King smiled. His whole face lit up like the sun breaking suddenly free of a cloud. "Then I believe you and I will work well together, Mistress Morwen." Morwen smiled back. "I believe we shall, my lord." And she breathed again, as if for the very first time. A/n Written for the the Teitho "Anonymity" challenge where it was placed 3 rd . Wishing all my readers a happy and healthy 2017.