by another race, but we have made the people who we love proud of us for living our lives as humans and not trying to be elves." Jem explained as she started to walk again with Éomer next to her listening to her every word. She looked over at him and caught him staring at her. He looked away quickly and blushed very slightly. "We are at the stables, my lady. Watera should be in one of the stalls near by." He informed her as he escorted her in. Jem spotted Watera and rushed over to him. " Nith are malo, Watera ?" She asked in elvish. (Are you all right, Watera?) Watera let out a small whinny to let her know he was fine. As she stroked his mane she replied, " Awa sol neeth ala mellon " (Thanks goodness my friend) Éomer watched her talk to him as if he was an elf. It amazed him how she spoke elvish so fluently and beautifully. He suddenly found himself stairing at her smile and then her long black, curly hair, but it was her big brown eyes that captivated him the most. Her eyes seemed so pure but fearless and courageous. Jem looked up at him and smiled. Watera how ever felt threatened by Éomers presents and walked in front of her trying to protect her. She gave a giggle, " He thinks you will take me away. I've known him since he was but a small colt. I met him near the streams in the woodland realms during a nature lesson with Lord Elron. That's how he got his name, Watera: One who is drawn to water." She explained to Éomer. " Lin bur, Watera" (It's okay) she said to her horse looking him directly in the eyes while stroking the front part of his face softly. She then glanced over at Éomer and then back to Watera and spoke softly to him, "Éomer tee mellon" "What did you tell him?" he asked curiously? "Éomer is our friend" she replied looking at him, then remember that she came for her belongings as well. "I'll get my sword and pack, I see the guard hung them up in Watera's stall. Also, I would like to make sure he has been fed." "Oh not to worry, my lady." A voice said coming from one of the horse stalls. An elderly gentleman came out with a warm smile on his face. "My name is Arill, I am Rohans horse master. I take care of all the horses in Rohans Calvary, with some help from my two sons of course. I must say my lady, you take a great deal of care for your horse." "How do you do? I am Jem, a ranger from the north. I thank you for looking after Watera for me. I hope he wasn't too much trouble. He can be very defensive with strangers." "Ho, Ho." He chuckled, "He was no trouble at all. He is a smart creature and could see I meant no harm to him. He adapts quickly to his surroundings. Very rare to see that in a horse." Arill commented impressed. "Thank you again for your kindness." Jem said with a smile and bowed her head to him. She then walked into Wateras stall and took her pack, sword, bow and arrows, and her daggers. When she was all situated, Jem walked out of the stall and patted Watera on his back. "Arill, please continue to care for Watera, until further notice from me. Will that be any trouble for you?" Éomer asked him. "Oh heavens no, Lord Éomer. I will personally see to his care my self. I'll let my sons look over an extra horse or two so I may tend to Watera." Arill informed him. " Batha nor tea somtle, Watera." (Be good for him, Watera) she said softly stroking the front part of his face. With that being said she turned and smiled at Arill and handed him Wateras reigns, leaving the stable. She was happy to know he would be well taken care of and she could get a decent night sleep. As she walked away she heard Éomer calling for her. She really didn't have anything to say to the Third Lord Marshal of the Riddermark, she really just wanted to take a bath and get some rest for the evening. "My Lady!" She heard him call out to her. As she continued to ignore him she made her way up the stairs of Edoras and heard Éomers foot steps behind him. "Lady Jem!" He said grabbing her wrist before she could reach for the door handle. She whipped around and looked at him, her hair falling over her shoulders as she did. Jem looked down at her wrist and saw his large hand clamped over her wrist. He didn't hurt her but she was agitated at his action and looked back up at him. "Do not walk away from me." He hissed at her upset. "Who do you think-?" "I think I shall enjoy a bath, Lord Éomer." She interrupted him again for the second time that day. "After spending a week out in the wild with no comforts or privacy. I very much look forward to a bath and brushing out my hair. But if there is anything else that I can do for you my lord, then please by all means." Éomer looked at her shocked. She obviously did not understand how to act around someone of his status, nor did it seem to bother her that she didn't care. He saw she was waiting for him to say something but he mumbled how she was free to do as she wished for the evening. "Then if that is all, I bid you a good night to you, my lord." She said bowing her head, then felt him drop her wrist out of his grasp and she made her way inside the castle.