hand responsibility for Aragorn over to Lord Elrond, even being relieved when he took him in as his foster-son and gave him a new name. During those first weeks and months in Imladris, after the first shock of hearing about Arathorn's death had lessened, I was simply not able to care for Aragorn. I completely retreated into myself, not being able to be around others, often locking my door and crying for hours at a time. Then, I still believed that it would become better after some time had passed, that I would get over Arathorn's death and move on with my life. But nothing became better, quite on the contrary, it only got worse. I could not get out of my grief and sorrow, could not free myself from Arathorn's image, being constantly before my inner eye. No one was able to help me, not even Lord Elrond. I had detached myself from everything, completely living in my own world of tears and pain, where no one could enter. After some more months, I finally became aware of these disastrous changes in me, but by then, it was too late. I was already estranged from my son, he was barely recognising me, did not remember his real name or his father, now calling Lord Elrond 'Ada'. The realisation that I had not only lost my husband, but had also almost destroyed the relationship to my son, plunged me into a new darkness of mind. And there I stayed, seeing everything I had done wrong, seeing my son grow up without the love of his mother, feeling more guilty with each passing day, but not being able to do anything about it. 'Being too weak', I always told myself. I could not become free ... -End Flashback- Gwaeron 2944 I come out of my thoughts, back to the present. I cannot see Aragorn anymore, he must have gone inside. Sometimes I wish I could turn back time. I wish I could have another chance, to make different decisions. Would my life have taken another turn had I not come to Imladris eleven years ago? Would I have been able to move on had I been forced to care for Aragorn on my own? Would it have been different had the elves of Imladris confronted me in the first days after my arrival, instead of giving me a wide berth and leaving me alone? Of course, I will never get an answer to those questions and it is futile even to think about them. But sometimes I cannot help wondering: What if ... I cannot allow my thoughts to wander far down on this path, lest I fall into another depression. 888 There is a knock at my door and without turning away from the window, I bid the person outside to enter. I hear footsteps, slightly muffled by the carpet, coming to a stand-still a good distance behind me, and I wonder who it is. It cannot be Lord Elrond or one of his sons because I would not have heard them at all, and the other members of the household rarely come to my room. I am now more comfortable around people than perhaps six or seven years ago, but I am still not completely at ease, every conversation straining and tiring me after a time. "Mother?" Everything in me freezes up. Aragorn! What am I to do? I do not know how to react. I turn around slowly, gazing at him. It must have been some weeks since I last spoke to him, I do not know very well, I cannot keep track of the days. He is standing there, with his still wet boots, cheeks rosy from the cold outside, looking at me with a mixture of uncertainty, desperation and hope in his eyes. I do not know what to say, every word seems empty and without meaning. "Mother, I was in the woods with Elladan and Elrohir and they were showing me the tracks of different animals and we followed some and we found a little rabbit. It was pure white. You could hardly see it, but it was really tame, I could pet it ... And ... and we followed another one and there was a roe with her kid ... It was so wonderful to watch them ..." I feel terrible. I know he is reaching out to me, trying to include me in his life, searching for the mother he needs and misses so much. "Mother! ... Please ..." He looks at me with pleading eyes, wishing me to say something, anything. And my heart breaks anew. I know how much I hurt him, but I cannot free myself. Too much time has passed and I believe I am too weak now to even try. There is a solid and unbreakable wall of glass between us. I can see him, I can hear him, but I can probably never again reach him. I feel tears burning behind my eyes and I turn away from him, looking back out of the window. I hear a sound, it seems like a chocked down sob, then footsteps and the door closing. Now I let the tears run and it feels as if I will never be able to stop crying. What have I done? How could it come to this? This is not how I had planned my life. Oh Aragorn! I am so sorry for leaving you alone and I still love you so very much, but I do not think it will ever again become possible for me to tell you this. I look up to the sky, where the first stars are starting to twinkle in the twilight. And I pray to the Valar that you will be able to forgive me one day, my son. THE END Gwaeron – March Narwain – January So, I hope you liked the story. Please leave a review and tell me what you thought about it.