maid that she was assisting Lady Éowyn in caring for their guest. Aragorn was glad to hear this as Arwen was skilled in all manner of Elven healing skills as well as sharing his ability to utilise athelas to soothe a wounded spirit. Satisfied that Andreth could not be in better hands, he went outside to tend to Roheryn. Faramir and Éowyn employed excellent grooms, but Aragorn still liked to care for the noble horse whenever he was able. He relished the quiet time spent in the stable, checking Roheryn's hooves for stones and his flanks for injuries, grooming him and seeing he was well provisioned. As Aragorn worked, he realised how hungry he was. He could not recall how many hours had passed since he had last eaten a proper meal. His hunting trip had been enjoyable but the spoils had been but a meagre rabbit or two. He was now looking forward to a bath, a change of clothes, and a good meal. He spun round as another entered the stable. It was Faramir. "It is over," the Steward said grimly. Aragorn nodded and waited for his friend to elaborate. "We caught up with them a few miles down the road and they surrendered, begging for mercy. We were marching them towards the garrison when they suddenly set upon us, so we slew them all save one, a lad scarcely out of childhood, who was acting as a herdsman for the stolen livestock. When he was the only one left, he was docile and ready to answer our questions. I have left him in the custody of my Rangers, but after a stern reprimand, intend to pack him back off home to his mother ere long, together with a band of trusted men to find out what ails them in Mordor and how we can help the innocents there." Aragorn nodded his approval. "I fear we did not do enough to help Sauron's slaves have a new beginning." "True, but had they asked for aid we would have offered it freely. There is no excuse to prey on good folk like Basgorn and Andreth." Faramir sighed deeply. "At least we have recovered her livestock and valuables." Aragorn patted his shoulder. "You look weary, mellon nîn. Let the grooms tend your horse and come now to take rest and refreshment. Are you hurt?" Faramir shook his head. "Naught but a few bruises and scrapes." "I will tend you later." The two men walked slowly back to the house and Aragorn went to bathe and change his clothing. Faramir sent a maid in search of his lady before doing likewise. Éowyn soon emerged from Andreth's chamber to greet her husband. "How fares Mistress Andreth?" asked Faramir. "She is resting now, somewhat overwhelmed by the softness of our bed linens," said Éowyn. "Arwen is giving her some elven treatments to soothe her spirit. I was able to determine that she has suffered no harm from the birth and should in time recover from the shock she has suffered." "If she wishes eventually to go home, we shall send men to protect her and her child and the farm," said Faramir. "What a beginning in life for that unfortunate infant though!" "She lives, though, and thrives thanks to you and Aragorn," said Éowyn. "Without you, her life would have ended before it had even begun." Faramir nodded but remained in a thoughtful mood while he and Aragorn ate the food that Éowyn had ordered to be prepared for them. "What troubles you, mellon nîn?" asked Aragorn. "The events of the last few days. I am stiff and sore from fighting too." "I said I would tend you," said Aragorn. "It is nothing of consequence. I will be well in the morning." "I will fetch my healing supplies," Aragorn said firmly. "Go and lie down on your bed." When Faramir pulled off his shirt, a long shallow cut on his arm was revealed as well as a large spreading bruise across his ribs. "These hurts look painful," Aragorn observed. Faramir shrugged. "I have known far worse." "True, but there is no need to suffer needlessly." Aragorn took up a pot of salve and applied it to the bruise. He then selected another salve and applied it Faramir's arm and carefully bandaged the cut." "You are tense as a bowstring, mellon nîn," said Aragorn. "Let me ease those knots in your muscles now." Faramir nodded and Aragorn began to use the healing Elven touches taught to him by Master Elrond. For a while, there was silence in the room, then Faramir spoke, so softly that Aragorn had to strain to catch his words. "I almost killed him." "Killed whom, mellon nîn?" "The boy who was with the bandits. I was so angry that I almost forgot myself and killed a child as if he was one of those scum, though I believe all he did was herd the livestock they stole!" "You did not, though. You can sleep easy tonight." "You too saw the devastation those bandits caused yet you could contain your wrath." "That is because I have sadly seen it many times before in the North. When you fought in Ithilien, it had been abandoned by all save those who were fighting. " Faramir nodded. He did not speak again until Aragorn had finished the Elven treatment. "Thank you, that feels much better." He sat up and pulled on his shirt. "I suppose I should remember that these are still early days after the war. It will take decades before all evil is eradicated from our lands." "They are, but remember, Faramir, that all over Gondor, folk are now beginning new lives now the land is at peace. We are here to see that the peace endures and protect our people as best we may. Now let us find our ladies and see how Andreth and her child are faring." A/n Wishing all my readers who celebrate, a happy and peaceful Christmas.