begging for the protection of the Lady of the Stars. He wondered if the stars and the constellations that shone upon Middle Earth were the same that Victoria saw from the Earth from which Vicky came. He had never asked her. Maybe he would never have a chance to do so. He tried to drive back that thought, but it was hard, it was almost impossible. Deep in his heart still remained a thin vein of apprehension, fine as a web but strong as the roots of dog's-tooth. He studied the sky above them. It seemed to him that the stars were smiling encouragingly. He hoped that they shone also on the young witch wherever she was and that they could give her strength and comfort. 'Who knows if Victoria is fine…who knows what she is doing now.' Wrapped in her blanket, Victoria Cross did not sleep. Her eyes were wide open on the darkness around them, but she was not keeping watch. Her hands clutched the silver cross she wore around her neck as silent tears fell on her white-and-green scarf. Her thoughts were not there, among those bare rocks, but on the banks of the river she had left behind just a few hours before. The new wound she had received was very deep and bled abundantly. In the silence of the night she cried and prayed for her father's soul to find peace. And between tears and invocations of her distant God, from the bottom of her heart and soul she cursed the One Ring, who had forged It and who looked for It! She would have given anything to see that hated thing destroyed. Suddenly, a moan of pain rose in the nightly air, but it wasn't her. Victoria turned to her two sleeping fellow-travelers and saw Frodo tossing and turning in his sleep, his breath coming out in ragged gasps. She immediately ran to his side, shaking him awake and gently calling his name. Finally, the hobbit threw his eyes open wide. As soon as he focused on a figure bending over him, he backed away violently, freeing himself from her gentle hold and automatically bringing a hand to the Ring. "Calm down, Frodo. It's just me…" she said softly, taken aback by his reaction. "Oh, Vivi. I…I had not realized that it was you," he panted. The girl sat down next to him. "Do you wanna talk?" "About what?" he asked. "About the nightmare you've just had," she replied. "Well…I…" He looked away. "No, I'd rather not to. I don't even remember what it was about exactly," he added hurriedly, not giving her enough time for a reply. Victoria looked at him with her clear eyes and ran her hands through her hair. "Okay, as you wish. But remember that, if you need something…" she trailed off suggestively. Frodo nodded and lay down again, but he did not fall asleep because he was thinking about his dream. He had lived over again Gandalf's fall. His eyes filled with tears, for that wound had not healed yet. Frodo laid a hand on his own chest, exactly where the Ring was – he could feel it through his clothes. A few hours ago, he had said that he was glad that he was not alone – but that was not completely true. He recalled Galadriel's warning: 'To bear a Ring of Power is to be alone…One by one, It will destroy them all.' The Hobbit shivered as he remembered the encounter he had had with Boromir in the woods near the river. The Man had almost tried to take the Ring from him – and he had been afraid, just like he was now. Victoria was a witch, but she belonged to the Mankind – what if the Ring had managed to reach her? What if It would have done to her the same thing It had done to her father? The Ring Bearer had left the Fellowship to protect her and the others, but he had not foreseen that she'd have followed him. Frodo wondered why Aragorn and Boromir had not detained her – but, knowing her and how her mind worked, it was almost sure that she had not asked for their permission. He wondered if she had followed him or the Ring and the thought hurt him, hurt him a lot. Maybe because he feared that the right answer to the question would be his second option, maybe because he felt guilty for doubting her…But he could not help it. Victoria was a woman, step-daughter to Boromir of Gondor, one of the Mankind. And everybody knows that Men desire power above everything else. Victoria stared at Frodo's back. She knew that he was awake, but he didn't want to talk with her, she wasn't going to force him. Being excluded like that did hurt her. She had always been closer to him than anybody else, he used to say that she was the only one who understood him and that this was the only thing that mattered – and now he was shutting her out. And she was not inclined to let it happen without a fight. The young witch wondered what he was thinking about, if she would be able to help him somehow. She wondered if she would be able to save him from the Ring, since she had failed with her own father. The girl sighed. She badly needed a cigarette, but she had run out of them. She clutched her cross between her hands. That damned Ring had taken the only father she had ever known away from her, now she'd not allow him to take Frodo as well. He was everything she had…and he didn't deserve to carry such a burden on his own, whatever Mrs. Know-It-All could think. 'She should go to predict the future at the corner of the street, maybe a truck would run her over!' she thought angrily. Liked It? Hated it? Please review!