Sauron takes back what is his?" Gimli shouted that he would be dead before he would see the Ring in the hands of an Elf, and with that, a huge argument began between the members of the Council. "Never trust an Elf!" I heard Gimli shout above the rest. Gandalf tried to silence them. "Do you not understand that while we bicker amongst ourselves, Sauron's power grows? None can escape it!" Frodo Baggins remained seated, probably not wanting to be injured in the fray. I did not blame him, as Arwen had told me that Hobbits are only around three and a half to four feet tall at most. And with the way those Council members were going at it, they'd never notice a small Hobbit among them until it was too late. Frodo was staring intently at the Ring on the pedestal, perhaps seeing things I could not. Suddenly I saw determination in his face and he rose from his seat and approached the arguing council, saying something I could not make out. Oh, do shut up, the lot of you! I thought irritably at them all. I want to hear what Frodo has to say. Finally I was able to hear him. "I will take it! I will take it!" he shouted. With that, the argument died and Gandalf's eyes closed when he heard what Frodo said. The other Council members turned towards Frodo, astonishment written all over their faces. "I will take the Ring to Mordor," he repeated, quieter this time. "Though…I do not know the way." Gandalf walked over to Frodo. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, so long as it is yours to bear." He laid his hand reassuringly on Frodo's shoulder. Aragorn rose from his seat and approached Frodo. "If by my life or death, I can protect you, I will." Aragorn knelt in front of the Hobbit. "You have my sword." "And you have my bow," proclaimed Legolas, walking over to join them. Gimli called out "And my axe," giving Legolas a grim look as he walked over to join the little group. Boromir walked over to them all, saying, "You carry the fates of us all, little one. If this is indeed the will of the council, then Gondor will see it done." A startled cry sounded and another Hobbit, this one slightly bulkier than Frodo, with reddish curls rather than Frodo's brown ones, came running up from behind some bushes to join them. "Mister Frodo's not going anywhere without me!" he exclaimed. My grandfather spoke with amusement in his voice. "No indeed, it is not possible to separate you even when he is summoned to a secret council meeting and you are not." Then two other Hobbits came walking out from behind pillars that were out of my line of vision and joined the others. "Wait, we are coming too," one of them said. The other one chimed in, "You'd have to send us home tied up in a sack to stop us." The first one said, "Anyway, you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission…quest…thing." The second of the latter arriving Hobbits said, "Well that rules you out, Pip." "Actually, Peregrin Took, you are quite correct in that those on this quest need intelligence. They also need a heart full of compassion, for who knows what you may encounter. Not to mention skill with weapons and words. I have appointed you another Companion for your journey." As Elrond spoke, he turned towards my secret hiding place. "Come down and let me introduce you, Rhiannon Altatari, to your new Companions." He held out his hand in a regal gesture and I stepped forward through the pale curtain, feeling certain that my cheeks were burning as red as the midday sun. As I drew near, Grandfather spoke in my mind. 'I apologize for embarrassing you in front of everyone, dear child, but I would like you on this mission. I have foreseen that you are needed on this journey. There is one who is going on this journey who is going to need you. Do not worry. I will see that you know all you need before you leave.' I replied in kind, and it came to me as natural as breathing. 'It is alright. Arwen noticed my pendant react to someone here. She thinks it is someone here at the meeting, at any rate. Perhaps now I will know.' Grandfather took my hand and led me down the steps to the small group that had assembled near Frodo. "This is my granddaughter, Rhiannon Altatari. She is the daughter of my daughter Aranel Laire. She has come to stay in Rivendell but I feel that her purpose would be served better for now to join you on your journey. Rhiannon, this is Frodo Baggins, Hobbit of the Shire. The other Hobbits are Samwise Gamgee, Peregrin Took and Meriadoc Brandybuck, called Merry by his fellows." The Hobbits all murmured their hellos and Frodo gallantly shook my hand. "This," Elrond said with a gesture, "is Gandalf the Grey." "How do you do, sir?" "Quite well, thank you. You are as lovely as your mother. I knew her well." In turn I was introduced to Boromir and Aragorn and Gimli. Last came Legolas. I stepped near and my pendant glowed from within as if lit with blue fire. Legolas reached for my hand and when his fingers touched mine, I felt as if I had been taken out of my body and transported elsewhere. I saw many things, things that I knew were going to happen sometime in the future. How far into the future I did not know. In all the scenes in which Legolas appeared, I saw myself at his side. Then I felt normal again. 'So you are the One…the Keeper of my Heart, hmmm?' Legolas bent over my hand gallantly and kissed the back of it lightly, humor in his mindvoice. 'Yes, Milady Elf, I am.'