explanation. He handed her ring back and she hastily put it back on, like she was afraid to lose it. But the Ranger's interrogation wasn't over yet. What were you doing before you came here? I was…walking in a street. I was going to school. With a trunk like that one? Strider insisted. I attend a boarding school. A what? asked Merry, puzzled. A boarding school. It's a kind of school: usually they're very old and exclusive, with a long tradition…Students come to attend them from all over the country, sometimes even from abroad. And since they can't eat or sleep at home, they live there for the whole school year. Was it clear enough? They nodded. There's anything else you want to tell us? the Man asked. What do you want me to tell you? she asked back, raising her eyebrows. Something about you, for example, said Frodo. Tell us of your world! Pippin spoke up. My world… Victoria whispered, staring at the fire. …my world is very different from yours…People live in big cities and… She spoke for a long time. The others listened to her attentively for different reasons. To the Hobbit, it was just like a fairy tale, while to Strider it was a way to understand better that stranger. As soon as she finished explaining more or less how things went in her world, Strider sent them all to bed. Frodo, however, couldn't sleep, and it wasn't only because of his not exactly comfortable resting-place. Sssh, Frodo! Are you still awake? Merry whispered. Frodo turned toward him. Aye, I am. What's the matter? It's that girl… the Hobbit murmured. …do you really believe all the things she said? His cousin hesitated. I don't know. I think I do. Who could ever make up such a thing? He turned on his back, staring at the starry sky among the tree branches. Flying machines, machines that travel under the sea, journeys in the sky…It's all so absurd that it could be true. What if she's mad? Merry whispered. She has something strange in her eyes…and the way she talked… He shook his head, confused. Frodo turned his head to look at him. Do you remember when Bilbo told us his adventures and we pretended not to believe him just to make him lose his temper? His cousin nodded. Well…Victoria doesn't seem to care if we believe her or not…or what we think about her… I wonder if she cares for anything, apart from her stupid hawk. Merry muttered. Well, goodnight, Frodo. 'Night, Merry. The morning after, Strider awoke them at dawn. They ate hurriedly their breakfast and then they took off again. After the tale of the previous evening, Victoria had shut herself down again. The only words she said were meant for her hawk. That evening they camped again. Victoria was on her own, far from the others. She ate mechanically, lost in her own thoughts. Frodo was watching her. He was resolute to throw down the walls that stranger surrounded herself with. Don't you think you'd be warmer near the fire? he asked her. Victoria looked at him astonished. No, thanks… she replied slowly I'm…I'm fine here. But if you get cold, then you'll be sick. Her eyes narrowed. Afraid I could slow you down in your escape, aren't you? The young Hobbit's blue eyes went wide. No! It's just that…well… He was just caring for your well-fare, miss. Sam spoke up. You know, it looks like you don't care about it. Oh, Victoria murmured, lowering her gaze. She seemed caught in the middle between believing or not believing those words, between hoping again or not. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say it, it's just that… Just that…? Frodo asked, trying unsuccessfully to meet her eyes. A sigh. …It's just that it has been a long, long time since somebody cared for my well-fare. She closed her eyes, putting a hand on her forehead and sighing again. The ring she wore on her hand sparkled in the firelight and caught the Hobbit's gaze for a moment. He came near her. Are you sick? he asked, laying a hand on her shoulder. No, don't you worry. I'm fine… she said, meeting his eyes for a moment and then turning to stare at the fire. …I'm fine she repeated in a low voice. Frodo squeezed her shoulder and Victoria's dark hand covered his own small and white. The Hobbit watched their hands and when his gaze rose, Victoria was staring at him. She looked both immensely sad and terribly happy at the same time. As they stared at each other, she smiled softly at him. Frodo… Strider's voice broke them. The Man motioned for him to come back with the other Hobbits. Reluctantly, the boy obeyed. What makes you think we're flying? said Strider, staring sternly at Victoria. Elementary, Watson, the girl replied staring back, her eyes icy again. You move as fast as you can, stop only at night, light small fires and for a short time, pass through the woods avoiding roads and you are doing your best to erase every track we leave…Or there's very urgent business waiting for you or you have somebody at your heels… She looked around at them. Or both. It's not so difficult to understand it… she lowered her voice, her eyes far away. …and then I'm quite experienced in flights. Did you run away from home? Strider asked. Victoria's hands clenched automatically. At home there's nothing left to run from…And it was like so even before. she murmured. And then, more then that, I have to mind people from school. But you were going there! Frodo cried out. Why did you go there if it's not safe? Victoria's gaze rose slowly, until their eyes met again. 'Cause I have no choice. Would you mind speaking clearly for once? Strider asked. Would you mind minding your own business? she growled turning to him and casting him a dirty look. Frodo