horse was behaving in an exemplary way, hardly needing any disciplining; Éowyn had supervised her daughter's riding sessions the first four or five times and agreed that Ithilwen was capable of handling him alone. She could now often be seen trotting along garden paths and field roads, proud and erect, hands closed firmly on the reins, and sometimes a strange frown marring her pretty childlike face. It was still with that frown that the Steward found his daughter one day, sitting on the desk in his study and staring moodily in front of her. "Is something wrong, Ithilwen?" he asked gently. The child sighed. "Nothing. Nothing is wrong, Father…all is just as I wanted it to be!" Catching a note of exasperation in her voice, Faramir pulled a chair to the desk and sat opposite her. "Then I cannot help thinking that what you wanted does not now appear as good as you thought?" Ithilwen continued staring pensively ahead. "Perhaps," she said with another sigh. "You know, Father, Chestnut has been so nice lately. He obeys me even better than Lump does, he never bites, and he always nuzzles and licks me even when I come without a treat." A smile tugged at the corners of Faramir's lips. "I recall your mother, and not only her, telling you that this would happen sooner or later, though," he said. "He has grown to respect you more as his rider. Just as your adventure in the woods has made you wiser, it has also had its effect on Chestnut. Perhaps he has matured a little because of it." Ithilwen pressed her lips firmly together and gave one of the desk's legs a vicious kick. "But Father!" she finally cried. "He…he doesn't play anymore! Not ever! And you know what he did today?" "What?" said a voice from the doorway. Father and daughter turned to see Éowyn listening to the conversation with utmost interest on her face. "Mother, you know how I always had to ask a groom to put the bridle on him for me?" Ithilwen said. "But not today! Today, he just lowered his head as soon as he saw me with it, and waited until I fastened everything!" With that, she slid off the desk and stormed out of the room. Faramir and Éowyn exchanged glances. The Steward was the first to burst out laughing. "Indeed, our daughter has the blood of Rohan in her veins," he said. "From what I know of the people of Gondor, they are not exactly fond of riding docile carthorses themselves!" Éowyn retorted, laughing too. "The poor child! Beware of your wishes coming true, they say…" "You needn't worry, my love," Faramir said, still chuckling. "If I know anything of horses and little children, things will soon take a turn for the better for our daughter." It was a fine, sunny morning that followed a stormy night. The remaining raindrops were still sparkling on the leaves, and a few puddles reflected the clear blue sky as Chestnut, with Ithilwen on his back, was strolling casually along the house. On the bench nearby, Queen Arwen and the Steward were engrossed in a game of chess; Eldarion and Elboron were observing the game, one hopping about, the other in a chair specially adjusted to keep his injured leg up. For some curious reason, each took the side of the other's parent, and the air around them was filled with friendly bickering, unnecessary advice to the players, and, occasionally, yet another admonishment from the latter, followed by yet another threat to send both lads to the house if they continue to meddle. A little aside, Éowyn and her youngest were taking their morning promenade, mainly consisting of little Helmir's exploration of flowers, bugs and the depth of the nearby puddle. Ithilwen gave Chestnut a sharp jab in the ribs, urging the horse to a trot. Chestnut splashed merrily along the wet path, circled around the large flowerbed, and came to a standstill in front of a large puddle. Éowyn laughed. "Ithilwen, looks like your noble steed really objects to dirty water!" she called to her daughter. Ithilwen snorted. "A little mud on his hooves won't hurt him!" she said. "Go on, Chestnut, we have barely started!" There was no response from the horse. Ithilwen turned about and gave him a hearty slap on the rump with her hand. Éowyn frowned. "Careful, Ithilwen," she warned. "Look how he is swishing his tail." "Oh, Mother, that was just a fly. Go, you slowpoke!" And with those words, she turned again and slapped Chestnut's backside again, with more force. And then it happened. Chestnut gave an indignant snort, which was followed immediately by an elegant leap to the side. Ithilwen, completely unprepared, lost her balance and dropped off the saddle; still trying to hold the horse back, she held tightly to the reins, but was easily outmatched. Chestnut skipped sideways again, dragging his unfortunate rider through that same muddy puddle he had been so loath to cross, and finally broke free. With a jubilant kick, he shot off to the garden and was gone. When Ithilwen rose to her knees, she was greeted by silence. Some corner of her mind registered the scattered chess pieces; Queen Arwen's wide eyes; little Helmir, unperturbed by the accident, chasing a dragonfly; Elboron's and Eldarion's identical shocked expressions. Finally, she was able to single out two pairs of eyes: her parents', and in both, deep down, there were sparkles of laughter just making their way to the surface. For she indeed was quite a sight! Her dress was soaked, as was her hair, and her face was a muddy mask on which there shone two bright eyes and a row of teeth bared in a wide smile. She turned to where a splash of chestnut colour was prancing happily among the trees, and her smile grew even wider as her jubilant cry rang clear and loud through the morning air. "Stupid horse!" THE END