to my kin." he says hurriedly standing up and holding out a hand to me. I take it slowly rising. A slight sting forms on my wound, but I ignore it a far worse pain growing in my mind. I limp slowly behind him as we exit my house. the walk to his horse is silent. in case of nearby orcs. He helps me up and I can feel his muscle working through the thin fabric of his shirt causing me to shake. I look around my village for the last time. Many houses are burning, and markets remain destroyed. I look away feeling a sadness growing. We ride for a long while until the sun starts to set. And the cool wind of night starts to whip at our faces. I always thought the moon was friendly providing light, but tonight it is cold and lonely taking all of it. the white steed slows and we stop in the cover of the trees. Quickly he gets a fire started. and soon it is night with our fire being the only light. "What's your name?" I ask the thought has been bugging me a while. He looks at me surprised for a moment as if no one has asked that question for a long while. "legolas." He says his name with a beauty that the elves carry. The way it rolls of his tongue like a sweet song. My heart beats uncontrollably faster. "What shall I call you?" He asks. I can feel the burn of his stare. I look at the fire instead. "Clara" in no way as beautiful as his elven name, but I like it well enough. He smiles to himself. and the glow of the fire livens his face and a flutter of my heart almost causes me to jump. He shifts closer almost as he's listening. A howl in the distance really does make me jump. Legolas stands and stares out into the darkness of the night. "It's too dark to see anything." I squint only seeing the rustling of the closest trees. "Not for an Elf." he states. "There is a pack of wargs heading this way." He runs onto a nearby tree stump. "They must have caught our scent, We should leave." I start to get up and legolas helps me. a more pronounced throbbing ache matures in my leg. I make a low hiss at the back of my throat. "I'm dead weight. I'll hide here till morning…" I don't finish, because he interrupts me. " No. They will find you." he says. A chill runs down my spine from my earlier meeting with the goblins. Once I'm fully up and stable. He lets his horse go so it might distract the goblins. I limp behind legolas who is fully armed with his bow an arrow already nocked. my steps are loud, crunching and breaking every twig and leaf. I sigh frustrated as Legolas silently walks without even trying. After about an hour legolas speaks for the first time. "We will approach my kin by sunrise." I nod and the trip remains silent. Another hour later and my wounds pain amplifies. My head becomes fuzzy and I concentrate twice as much on the ground to keep straight. forty minutes later and I can't continue. "how Much farther?" I question weakly. He senses my tension and turns to me. "Another hour" he says worryingly.I nod, but he suggests we take a small break, I almost instantly fall asleep, but I compel myself to stay awake. I lean against a large rock trying to calm the worsening sweat on my face. My cut has started to swell and turn purple. Another few hours and it will get very ugly. the cut on my cheek has turned numb due to the cold. the bleeding has subsided which is the best thing that has happened so far. Far too soon Legolas returns putting a strange weed on my cut causing it to burn, saying we must move on. I moan and get up. My vision is blurred to the point where I only can on focus Legolas's feet swift in the night. My throbbing leg gets heavier and the pain intensifies. What seems like hours later but can't possibly be more that twenty minutes legolas calls to me. I sit on the ground exhausted and legolas walks back towards me. "The poison is stronger than I feared. We must hurry." He holds out his hand, and I greedily take it feeling the warmth of his hand against my cold and clammy one. This contact. snaps me up and allows me to continue farther. At last we come upon a gate that I almost walk into. It is covered in candles and vines. And is at least twenty feet tall. The ivory brick wall is only matched by the tall iron gate. Even in the night it glows a soft gold glow. Legolas murmurs something in presumably elvish. A dizziness washed over me and I grip Legolas's shoulder to steady myself and he almost jumps at the contact. The gate opens and more elfs surround me. "She is poisoned with a goblin blade, she needs immediate attention." he commands. The elfs start to whisk me off. "Wait, Wait. what about you?" I whisper but he is already out of sight. Note: This is a shorter chapter, since this is my first fic, I am just testing it out. I wanted to get the plot going as fast as possible so it went down pretty quickly, but yeah. I am not by any means perfect, but I liked it overall. Sorry if anything is confusing, many questions will be created during this fic! Also Clara is a character I created, but obviously Legolas is not. Other LOTR character will make an appearance, but this story is not about Lord of the rings or the Hobbit. Also the time frame Is before LOTR and the Hobbit. See you soon!