this eve," Arwen told her. Aeothen nodded and looked at her feet, unsure of what she would do while she waited. "Come," Arwen said drawing her attention. She stood up and held a hand out to Aeothen. "Let us find you some fresh clothes and we will see what food we can find to feed your hunger." Aeothen took Arwen's hand and followed her from the room, leaving her thoughts of misery behind her. A while later, Arwen and Aeothen sat near the river, sharing a book between them. Aeothen now wore ivy green robes and Arwen had plaited and wound her dark hair back to the base of her neck. Arwen said she looked like a real elf in her garb, but Aeothen just laughed. She would never compare to any of the wonderful beings that she passed that day. "How do you say it again, Arwen?" Aeothen asked, looking at the beautiful elf beside her. Arwen smiled. " Mára aurë . It means 'Hello'." "And goodbye is…" " Mára mesta ." Aeothen nodded and silently repeated the words in her head. She had asked Arwen if she could teach her Elvish, and she had happily agreed, and Aeothen was trying her best to remember. She had only been taught a few words that day, but Arwen promised that she would teach her more as each day passed. And as far as Aeothen knew, she would be in Rivendell for a very long time. Arwen continued to smile and looked back down at the book. "This is the story of my people. One day, when you have learned enough, you can read it. Until then you may keep it in your room." Aeothen looked down at the beautiful scripture, but could not find one word that she understood. There were many markings that she had never seen before, and wondered if she would ever learn all this. Just then they heard the sound of a horse galloping through the gates and they looked towards it to see a young man dismount from his steed. "Aragorn!" Aeothen exclaimed and she put the book down and ran towards the gates. The elves she passed looked at her as she ran by, but they did not scorn her, only laughed and continued on. Soon she reached the gates and ran over to Aragorn, who had his back turned to her as he untied the packs. Aeothen launched herself onto him and he stumbled forward in surprise. She laughed and threw her arms around his neck so she wouldn't fall. " Mára aurë , Aragorn!" she said and she heard him laugh. "Who is this? A young elf-maiden?" he asked grinning and Aeothen jumped from his back. He turned around and embraced her in a hug. "I am so sorry Aeothen. I should have done something to protect him," he said more seriously. Aeothen shook her head. "I'm just happy you're here. I have been filled with light and hope. I do not wish to grieve, so I will not." Aragorn looked at her questioningly, as if wondering how she could possibly be so happy after just learning about the death of her brother. "Arwen told me." "Arwen?" Aeothen turned around to find Arwen standing behind them, a smile gracing her perfect lips. Aragorn straightened and bowed to her deeply, something that Aeothen found quite odd, seeing as neither Arwen nor anyone else had told her to do the same. "My lady," Aragorn said. "Thank you for helping her. She is my only company now and it grieved me to think her sad." Aeothen looked at him, realization filling her eyes. It had not occurred to her that she had not been the only one to be left alone. Aragorn had lost his brothers too, and now all they had was each other. "She is a spirited child and I have taken a liking to her myself. I feel that her pain is mine, and it was the least I could do to help her," Arwen said smiling too. Aeothen watched as Aragorn and Arwen regarded each other, but she soon interrupted. "Aragorn, Arwen said that you had gone to retrieve what was lost. Did you find anything?" He pulled his gaze from Arwen to look at her. "The orcs took most of the provisions. Whatever food and water was left is now gone. And we didn't have many other things to be thieved. Except…" Slowly he reached around the horse and pulled out a long black sheath. Aeothen froze and stared at it, not wanting to speak, not wanting to breathe. "I found it in the brush not far from the camp. They must have dropped it as they fled," Aragorn said solemnly. Aeothen still did not move, her body had unattached itself from the rest of her mind. "It is yours." Aeothen felt a hand on her shoulder and saw Arwen standing behind her. "You do not have to fear this, my friend. It was wielded by great men before you. You must not use it if you like, for it will have no use within these walls, but you must accept that it now belongs to you." Aeothen waited a moment before nodding. Aragorn smiled at her and knelt before her. "Your bravery and strength is like none I have ever seen. I am honored to call you sister." Aeothen hugged him again, knowing that she was not alone. She had a brother who loved her, a home to shelter her, and a family to watch over her. She would grow into a woman, with her family of men and elves to guide her. She would learn to someday wield that sword and would become a fierce warrior. She would someday become a part of something so great, that it would gamble her life. She would someday fall in love and swear to fight every evil that had ever taken away someone from her. Someday she would know the truth.