dispelling the chill from her own heart. "Ilaira." The soft call almost made Ilaira jump out of her own skin as she spun towards the voice, and she found it had come from a woman standing just below her branch. Ilaira couldn't believe her eyes when she saw who it was and immediately jumped down to the ground, landing just in front of the woman; Ilaira could feel the waves of primordial power coming off of her, even from such a height. "Lady Yavanna!" Ilaira cried in shock, quickly descending to one knee and bowing her head, "What brings you to Middle Earth?" For the woman was Yavanna, one of the great Valar and creator of the spirits of the forests. She appeared now to be the height of the average Man, so as to be a little less conspicuous; she was usually as tall as a cypress tree, rather noticeable among the short hobbits. She was robed in a green so rich it seemed to speak of ancient woodlands which had once covered all the land, their roots deep in the brown earth and their great boughs reaching for the clouds, growing as tall as any mountain. She shone with a golden dew, faintly lighting the immediate area around her like the morning sun cresting over a hill at dawn. Her flawless skin was the colour of tilled earth after fresh rainfall, and her hair was so dark it verged on black, like the glistening feathers of a midnight raven. It was somehow both a tangled mess and perfectly curled at the same time, for within her hair were many sprigs of beautiful blossoms and green leaves, so perfectly intertwined in the rivulets that they seemed to grow out of the hair itself. Her eyes shone with a kindness and gentleness that no other being could have shone with; for Yavanna had created all living creatures and plants, and she cared for all of her creations deeply. Those eyes which were as green and as full of life as a sprouting sapling were now focused on Ilaira, who was still greatly shocked by the Valar's presence. "You are concerned about the safety of the hobbits, are you not?" Yavanna said, her voice like the gentle rustling of leaves; quiet, yet easily heard. "Well, yes, my Lady, but there is nothing I can do about that. And I'm afraid I am unsure of how that answered my question." Ilaira said, head still bowed. "Because I wish to help you, my dear Ilaira." Yavanna replied, hands folded in front of her. "I… I am honoured. Truly my lady I am but… How? And why?" "You are such a brave spirit, Ilaira, and you are pure of heart. You can do much good on this quest; for that is what it will become, as the hobbits journeys are far from over, as I think you must suspect." Ilaira knew that what Yavanna said was true; Frodo's burden would not leave him so soon, nor so easily, and the road ahead looked long. "And my dear, I do not wish to see you suffer any longer." At this Ilaira raised her head, a smile on her face as she said, "I thank you for your concern, Lady Yavanna, but I can handle my anxieties over the hobbits. I am sure they are alright-" "Ilaira," Yavanna interrupted, "We both know you have been suffering for far longer than just this past month." She had a look of great sadness and empathy on her elegant face, seeing through Ilaira's light hearted façade, and she paused before saying with a small smile, "It is time Middle Earth relearned of the existence of the race of Nature Spirits, don't you think? You should not have to be alone any longer." Ilaira was elated to say the least. In her excitement she explained this to Yavanna: "For years now... For years I have wished for nothing more than the chance to see the spirits return, my Lady. To see my people once again walk this land... free and untroubled. But if I can aid them in this way… And go to the hobbits sides to help protect them on their journey… Well I find that is my wish now." "And that is why I am here." Yavanna said, inclining her head to the spirit, "Now we come to the how. I can give you the freedom you need to go on this journey; I can release you from the confines of your Soul Tree." She placed her hand upon the mighty oaks bark as she spoke, "But you must be certain Ilaira. Is protecting these Hobbits really your one true wish?" "Yes, my Lady. I am certain." Ilaira said, her eyes shining with determination as she looked up at the Valar. "You understand that there must be indisputable conditions for your freedom, dear Ilaira?" But Ilaira just smiled, saying, "It is as I said, my Lady. I would give up any wish or even hope of seeing my people return if it meant I could be by the hobbits sides to protect them wherever they go. I would gladly give my life for them." "Very well," Yavanna said, and she had a glint of pride in her eyes, "I can see that your compassion will keep both your will and your soul strong on this journey. These are my conditions." A/N: Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. This is my second ever fic, and this is a much larger fandom than the last with many more stories out there, so thank you for deciding to read mine. Reviews are greatly encouraged, with good or bad criticism, as otherwise there would be no way for me to know what it is you liked, what you didn't, and what you think I can improve upon. So: PLEASE REVIEW! Thank you again for reading, and hopefully I'll see some of you in the next chapter! -Limegreenarcher