took a step backwards. "You are not pleased to see me?" he asked, his brown eyes filled with concern. "I have never been alone with a man before," I told him. "You have nothing to fear, my beloved," he said. "I shall not seek to lie with you until the fear in your eyes is replaced with longing. A blossom withers and dies if plucked too soon. I have loved you since the moment I first beheld you in the market place. I was overjoyed when your father agreed to our marriage. I would not seek to quench such a flame!" I stared at him amazed. Surely, no man living would pay such heed to a maiden's fears? "But what of my father?" I said. "He will be angry if he does not get his camels and what about the bloodied bed sheet to prove I was a maid?" "I will take care of everything," said my husband. "The fear in your eyes when you look at me is proof enough you have never known a man's touch. Now, sleep, my fair blossom. I have a surprise for you early in the morning. I will send your handmaiden to you." He smiled and I recalled how I had felt when I first beheld him at the market place. "I do not even know your name," I said. "I am Tahir son of Nasih," said my husband. "May the sun never dazzle your eyes, my fair blossom!" He kissed me lightly on the cheek and disappeared into the adjoining chamber." "What an ordeal for you!" said Éowyn. "But never did I think a man of Harad would be as kind and patient as my Faramir." "Your first meeting was a little like mine with Estel," said Arwen. "He loved me from the first moment he beheld me too. Something stirred in my heart then, but it was a while before I realised that I loved him." "What happened the next morning?" Éowyn asked. "Falah came to me almost at once," Adiva continued. "I do not think she had gone to bed." "How could I?" said the maid, who had entered bearing a tray laden with sweetmeats and glasses of sherbet tea. "I imagined the most cruel fate befalling my honoured lady and was pacing my chamber when my honoured lord bade me go to her. He was with her so short a time I feared that he was most displeased with her and we would both be beaten. I was amazed to find her smiling and even more amazed when she told me what had happened! He's a good man, is our honoured master!" She put the tray down in front of Adiva and disappeared back into the chamber behind. "Just after dawn the next day," Adiva continued, "my husband knocked on the door of my chamber and bade Falah prepare me to go outside. When we were dressed, he told us wait for him in the gardens. He said he must make the bed look as if we had both spent the night there before my father and the other witnesses arrived. A little while later he joined us leading a beautiful white mare. "What a lovely horse!" I exclaimed. "Is she yours, my husband?" He shook his head. "No, my fair blossom. She is my bride gift to you." I gaped at him open mouthed. Such a thing is unheard of amongst our people. "I cannot ride," I said sadly. "I shall be happy to teach you," he replied. "It will be a good way to get to know one another. Your maid can come too if you fear to be alone with me." He handed me an apple to give to the horse. "I must go now and give your father his camels," he said. "I will leave you to choose a name for your mare." "What a wonderful gift!" said Éowyn. "I named her Husna , which means beautiful in our tongue," said Adiva. "I have her still, though she is getting old now. Each day I grew to love my husband more. Like me, he loved to read and had studied the poets of distant lands where he had read of one man loving and honouring one wife. He told me that if I were fruitful, he would take no other wives, yet he waited more than two years to share my bed until I wanted to bear his children. Cruel tongues wagged against him when my belly did not quickly swell and he took no other woman, yet he remained true to his word. He told me how he dreamed of the land at peace and showed me the emblem of the rising sun tattooed above his heart to show his hatred of the Lord of Gifts and his tyranny." "Estel told me he had seen that when they shared the hamam," said Arwen. "Tahir is a man of great courage." "Once the false Lord of Gifts was overthrown," Adiva continued, "my esteemed husband asked his kinsman the Great Khan if he might come to these lands as ambassador. Things are changing in our land, but all too slowly. Tahir yearns to work for peace and wanted to bring me where I might have more freedom and our children too." "I hope you will make Gondor your home," said Arwen. Adiva drained the last drop of tea from her glass. "We shall, esteemed Lady Arwen. We are happy here and our children are thriving. But it grows late, I will call for Falah to help us dress." "I can hear children playing outside," said Arwen. "And is that not Eldarion's voice?" "I can hear Elestelle's laughter," said Éowyn. Adiva rose to her feet and peered through a small hole in the shutters. She smiled broadly and beckoned the others to join her. Outside in the rose garden, their three husbands lay sprawled across the grass while their children tried to cover them in rose petals.