while the air was scented with spring blossoms. Nightingales sang their melodies from the treetops and somewhere in the distance, an owl hooted. "This is a fair place indeed, esteemed friends!" Adiva cried in delight. "Surely, the Lord of the Moon will bless us in such a spot!" Falah unpacked the saddlebags and brought out a small drum, an instrument that resembled a lute and a kind of flute. "Which instrument would you like me to play. honoured mistress?" she asked. "The Lord of the Moon likes all instruments," said Adiva. "I am not certain." "Maybe if Falah plays the melody, we could take up the rhythm?" Arwen suggested. "I could sing for you." "I can play the lute a little," said Éowyn. "Please let me play the drum!" begged Elbeth. "Thank you, esteemed friends, you do me great honour," said Adiva. Falah took up the flute and began to play a tune, both wild and haunting. Arwen, Éowyn, and Elbeth listened for a few moments then added their accompaniment. Arwen sang a wordless melody in a sweet clear soprano, which weaved around the tune Falah was playing on the flute. Adiva stepped into the centre of the clearing and raised her arms in supplication towards the moon. "Gracious Lord of the Moon, your humble supplicant comes before you tonight begging that I might be found worthy to bear a child for you. Freely I offer myself and freely my lord consents." At the conclusion of her prayer, she unfastened the travelling cloak she was wearing and cast it aside. Beneath it, she wore only a simple linen shift. Then she began to dance, at first tentatively then with increasing confidence. Her body writhed and swayed in time to the music until she almost seemed to become part of it and of the moonlight itself. Gone was the sedate matronly Ambassador's wife. In her place was some elemental force of nature as Adiva danced and her friends provided the accompaniment. Time seemed to stand still as she moved, bathed in the rays of the June moonlight. She danced until she could dance no more and sank exhausted on soft grass. "I feel the Lord of the Moon has smiled upon me tonight," she said as Falah fetched her cloak and Arwen helped her to her feet. They rode back to the house in silence, overwhelmed by the power of the ritual. Once Elbeth opened her mouth as if to ask a question, but she said nothing, respecting the silence of her elders. The moon bathed the group in its silver rays and illuminated the path before them. Faramir had a meeting to attend in the City the next day and escorted Arwen and her children home. Adiva remained with Éowyn at Emyn Arnen. Two days later, Tahir came to join her. Their reunion was passionate and joyful. They spent a pleasant week together exploring Ithilien. "Should you have your moon child, you are welcome to have your confinement here," Éowyn said to Adiva as she prepared to depart with her family and Falah. "That would be a great honour, esteemed friend," said Adiva, embracing Éowyn. "My child would be twice blessed." "May your wish be granted!" said Éowyn. 000 Nine months later "Why not bathe to ease your pains?" Éowyn suggested. "I will, esteemed friend," said Adiva. "All my labours have been long and painful." Éowyn and Falah helped Lady Adiva ease her swollen body into the bath. The tub, fed from a nearby spring was another of Gimli's inventions, and Éowyn's pride and joy. Adiva visibly relaxed. Falah rubbed her mistress's back and sang softly, a tune Éowyn recognised as a hymn to the Lady of the Moon. Adiva suddenly gave a cry. Éowyn was only just in time to catch the baby as it slid into the warm water. "You have a daughter," she said. "The Lord and Lady of the Moon be praised!" said Adiva. "It was a miracle indeed as I felt so little pain." An hour or so later, Adiva was lying on the bed in Éowyn's best guest chamber with the babe suckling contentedly at her breast. "I should like to see my esteemed husband," she said. "I will call him," said Éowyn. "He is waiting outside." Tahir entered the room tentatively, an expression of joy mingled with concern on his pleasant face. "How do you fare, my sweet blossom?" he cried. "I am well, spring of my oasis. The Lord of the Moon has granted me a fair daughter," she said. "I have looked in her eyes; she bears the markings of a true moon child." "We are most blessed," said Tahir. "I swear by the celestial Lord and Lady to raise her both as my child and theirs." He raised his hands heavenwards and made the symbol of the crescent moon. "Esteemed Lady Éowyn, what is a fitting name in the tongue of Gondor for a daughter of the moon?" "Ithiliel, Isilme, Isil or Ithilwen are all names pertaining to the moon," said Éowyn. "Faramir and I spoke about them when we were expecting Thorongil, but he proved to be a boy." "They are fair names indeed," said Tahir, speaking each one aloud slowly. "Which one pleases you best, fair blossom?" Adiva thoughtfully spoke the names aloud. "Ithiliel is a pretty name," she said at last. "We shall call her Ithiliel – Badra in honour of both her birthplace and her illustrious foremother," said Tahir. "She will be known as Ithiliel." Ithiliel gurgled contentedly, as if pleased by her name. Tahir glanced out of the window. "See the moon has risen. He has come to greet his fair daughter," he said. He kissed Adiva on the brow and she nuzzled against him lovingly. Éowyn and Falah exchanged a glance and tiptoed from the room together. The moonlight streamed through the window bathing the occupants of the room in its silver rays, as if seeking to share in their wonderment of the child.