not risk hitting Elrond. " Kill me…" The words, spoken this close to him after the long silence, almost caused the ranger to lose his balance and alert the giant orc he was just trying to sneak past. For a moment he had to stop moving and get his nerves back under control, as he was shaking too much to move on. "Kill me" it spoke again. In some way it seemed as if the words were coming from the giant orc, though they were spoken in the elvish tongue. Normally he would have headed it's command, for he had no love for orcs, but he was too weak to fight this orc at the moment and the chances that he would fail and thus alert every orc in the surrounding area were simply to high. The minute he started to move away from the orc the air grew thicker, harder to breath. He could feel the invisibly fingers stretch out and move around his throat and yet he moved on. He had nearly reached his father. A bit of air would not stop him now. There was a wall in front of him. He could not see it, if he reached out an arm he could not feel it, but the minute he took a step it blew him back. He could not move closer to his father, he could not free him. No matter how hard he threw himself against the invisible wall, no matter how he fought it with all the strength he had left, the wall did not give way. He could not reach Elrond. He leaned against the wall, broken defeated. "Help me." For the first time the voice sounded small, pleading, as if it's owner was as much at the end of his strength as he was, and the ranger could hear a sadness behind the voice that was older and deeper than anything the ranger had ever seen or heard before. He turned his head and saw the cloaked elf standing next to him, its dark eyes not angry anymore, but pleading. "Please help me." The voice of the elf was hoarse, having asked him so many times. The elf's face was young, though in his eyes Aragorn could see they had seen much, maybe too much of the world. And for the first time the words meant something. The figure closed its eyes in pain. "Kill me. Please… Help me." The wall was still there, and Aragorn was still leaning against it, seeking support. He was too weary to move. "Please." The elf spoke again. For a minute the ranger could feel fingers close around his throat again, and mentally he braced himself, but then it was over, the pressure stopped. "Please." the elf sank to his knees in front of him. As if it was not he, but Aragorn who held the other captive. As if he begged for mercy only Aragorn could give. "Just kill me." But it was not himself the elf was pointing at; it was the orc. And then suddenly Aragorn understood. "That's it?" he whispered, "That is what this is all about? You want me to kill the orc?" The elf looked up at him, tears in his eyes. "That is why you won't let me safe my father?" "Please." The elf said, with a voice as if all strength had left him. The wall had still not disappeared, but Aragorn could feel its strength lessen. Soon he would be able to move through it, free his father, and be out of here. But now that the elf was kneeling at his feet he found he could not. "I can't fight your orc, I am too weak to fight anything. I will die, your orc will live; we will both lose. Please just let me free my father and I promise I'll be back later." But the elf pointed at his bow. "Shoot." He said simply. Aragorn shook his head. "My hands are shaking too much. I cannot aim!" "Shoot." The wall behind him grew in strength again, as if the elf was gathering all his strength one more time, to get the ranger to do what he wanted, and Aragorn did as he said. With his last bit of strength he strung his bow, and with shaking hands he pulled the string back. The moment he released the arrow he knew it would miss the orc's heart and keep him alive and in pain; ready to fight. The moment he released the arrow he knew he had lost. But then the wind started blowing, and the arrow changed its course. Aragorn watched how the elf at his feet closed his eyes, and how his face grew pale. And how he disappeared, dissolving into nothing the second the arrow penetrated the orc's body. Aragorn watched as the winner's smile spread on the elf's lips as he died, just before he disappeared forever. The wall disappeared, the storm ended abruptly, and while the orcs crawled away as fast as they could, shielding themselves from the bright sunshine, Estel crawled towards his father and freed him as quickly as he could. Then, from the corpse of the orc they took Vilya back, and headed homewards. A small elf stood before Mandos, relief in his unusual dark eyes. "Anwë" the Vala said. The elf nodded. "You are Avari." The elf nodded again. "I have been told the Avari did not wish to reach Valinor." "But I have wished it." The elf said, speaking in the ancient tongue of the first singing elves." I have wished it every second of every era since the first." "You have wished it so badly you wanted to kill for it, I understand." Fearcrept back into the elf's eyes. "And yet in the end you chose not to." Mandos continued and smiled as the dark elf in front of him lifted his head. "Enter these Halls, Anwë.Enter these halls and be healed." The End