there was enough game to keep them full. Aubrey was constantly irritated, it had been over a year since their crossing and Aubrey was now fifteen. She glared down the shaft of the arrow and pulled back the string until her hand was shaking and let go. The arrow hit close to the center of the circle but further than her last shot. She went and pulled the arrows out of the tree, checking their sharp metal tips before putting them back into the quiver. She strapped the quiver onto her back and grabbed her belt from the ground and put it back on before walking around the garden and back towards the cabin. "Hey mom I'm going up to the strawberry patches, I'll be back before dark." Aubrey didn't wait for her mother to answer before she began to head for their small barn. "Wait, oh wait Bree. Here, before you go can you milk Darla and make sure you're back before dark this time. " Aubrey just nodded as she took the milk bucket her mom handed her through the window and headed back towards the barn. The barn was sheltered by trees, outside there was one large pen and a larger paddock. They had used the trees as fence posts and had lashed large branches around them to make the enclosures. They had two cows, a milk cow, a bull and a recent male calf that they would trade in the spring. They also had four chickens and two horses. One horse was about four years old and her colt was nearly two. She patted Darla, the cow, and ignored Gus, the bull, as she scooted past them into the enclosure. Almost half an hour later the milk was sitting down in the root cellar and had her horse saddled. Her mothers horse, Cleo, lipped the back of her shirt looking for a treat. "Sorry Cleo not today, it's just Scout and I." Her mother had helped her train the foal and told her he was her responsibility. He looked similar to his mother but instead of her chesnut coloring and white markings that made her look like a thorough bred he lighter brown with one white sock and a dark black mane a tail. He was also slightly larger than his mother and stronger. But he was hers and she was his and ever since he had been born they were best friends. She mounted him and nudged him into a gallop she heard her mom yelling after them as they leapt the fence and took off north out of the woods towards the strawberry patch. Their home was in the foot hills of the Blue Mountains. At first she had hated it and hadn't spoken to her mother for several months but then her mom took them to the Gray Havens, a town south and on the other side of the river. The trip could only be described as magical, she had seen dwarves and elves and a couple of folk she learned were hobbits. It was straight out of her mothers stories. They went into the Gray Havens every three months, except in the winter. It was a two week trip there and back but only because they had to go further north along the river to cross it and in the early spring it sometimes took even longer if the ferry at Riverside (a town) was washed away again. Aubrey had learned the area well, in her time when she wasn't speaking to her mom she had explored and learned to love the area. She had found the strawberry patch in their first year and had kept its location secret from her mother because it was her place. Her mother had begun teaching her the languages of the elves and dwarves and would not let her speak in English anymore than was necessary. Starting during their first week her mom would speak only in a language called the common tongue. By the end of the first year Aubrey was translating back and forth. She hated it but her mom made her learn the languages and made her learn the various plants and berries. It was well past dark when Scout and his rider headed back home. She knew her mom would be pissed but she really didn't care. She sang happily as she rounded one of the hills and down into the small valley that was home. Her voice stuck in her throat as a the faint scream of Cleo and the cows reached her ears. Without thinking she kicked Scout into a gallop. His leap forward nearly unseated her as they raced down the path, she could her shouts and growls. "Mom!" she screamed as she fumbled with her bow, she pulled hard on the reins and Scout reared nearly unseating her. She clung onto the saddle, her body shaking as his hoofs hit the hard packed ground. They were the ungliest things she had ever seen. Her legs shook like jelly as she slid out of the saddle and pulled back an arrow not remembering drawing it. She aimed at the nearest creature to her mom and let it go. It hit the thing in the throat. It let out a gargle and fell where it stood. That was when they noticed her, she saw her mothers face turn white in the dark. She could see the terrified look and the blood on her face. "RUNN BREE RUNN!" her mother screamed as she lunged and cut into another creature. Alright now it's time for readers choice: I like to give my readers a bit of control over the stories. Who would you like Aubrey's father to be? And who is Evelyn Really? Check out the polls on my profile and you can choose up to two answers. The polls will close four days after 1/11/12. And let me know if you would like more detail of their lives before the attack.