Gollum saw the Ring and immediately attacked Frodo. Sam jumped on Gollum and pulled him back violently, but Gollum twisted and slammed Sam against a rock. He sprung at Frodo again, this time knocking Frodo down and straining in vain to reach at the Ring. Frodo cried out and grasped the long fingers, to try and keep Gollum from succeeding. Meanwhile, Sam got up dizzily, and attacked Gollum again. This time, Gollum wrapped himself around Sam and bit into his shoulder. Sam yelled in pain, while falling over backwards. But Gollum did not let go, and wrapped his whole body around the frightened hobbit, trying to bite his throat. Frodo came over, and unsheathed Sting. Vengeance was in his eyes as he grabbed Gollum's lank hair and drew his eyes upward, Sting pointed at his throat. "This is Sting!" said Frodo in a commanding tone. "You've seen it before, haven't you… Gollum ? Release him, or I'll cut your throat." Gollum went as loose as wet string, and began to cry bitterly. He went on wailing. At last, Frodo beckoned to Sam, who was rubbing his shoulder angrily, and staring at the wretched creature. He had his Elven-rope, and was not about to let Gollum get away. They tied it to his neck, and from that moment on, dragged him about like a dog. It almost seemed inhuman, and not at all kind, for there were many sharp stones about, and the wretched creature would be cut and bruised, slamming into the large rocks and slashing himself with the others, in attempt to cut the rope. He constantly put up a racket, wailing and screaming, a horrible sound to listen to. He would wail and weep, and contort his body horribly. No, it was not a pretty sight. "It burns us!" Gollum wailed. "Elveses twisted it, yess, nassty cruel Elveses!" "Quiet, you! It's no use," cried Sam. "Half of Mordor is going to hear us if he keeps this up! Why don't we just tie him up and leave?" "NO!" shrieked Gollum. "That would kill uss…nassty cruel hobbitses! Take it off uss! Don't kill uss!" Frodo looked down at the miserable creature. He already felt the power of the Ring; he knew and understood what it had done to this creature. Gandalf's earlier words went racing through his head, as well as Adelaide's words concerning Gollum: He's a bad guy, but not a bad guy, you get it? He's been broken and beaten into one shape, because nobody cared for him. Nobody liked him. I guess all he wants is a little pity and a little care. I think he's totally cool. Gollum actually groveled. "We promise to help nice master!" he said, meaning Frodo. "We'll be nice to hobbitses, it they be nice to us! We swears to help the master of the precious!" "There's no promise you can make that I can trust," said Frodo. Gollum looked at him. A strange look was in his eye. "We swears to serve the master of the precious," he repeated. "On the…precious! Yess, yess, on the precious!" "The Ring is treacherous," said Frodo. "It will hold you to your word!" "Yes, yes, on the precious!' Gollum chortled. "Now take it off us!" he pleaded, giving the most pitiful of looks and whining like a dog. Sam was seething with rage. "I don't trust you!" he yelled, and came after Gollum. Gollum squealed and capered away from Sam. Sam caught the rope and jerked, yanking the creature brutally down the ground again. Gollum wailed pitifully and shrank against the rock. "No, Sam!" cried Frodo, and pulled him back. "Now that I see him, I do pity him." "Mr. Frodo, no!" Frodo looked gently at Sam. Then he turned and leaned down to look into Gollum's face. "You know the way to Mordor," he said firmly. If all could work out, as he was planning, then all would possibly turn out for the better. Gollum flinched, as if the name wounded him, and then nodded, a little uncertain. "You've been there before," prodded Frodo. His eyes burned into the other's, and his lips were firm, resolute. Gollum really took this harsh, and shivered, but nodded, all the same. Frodo then undid the knot around Gollum's neck, and loosened him. Gollum stared at Frodo, as if he could not believe the little kindness that had been done to him. Frodo stared at Gollum, harshly, but not without pity. "You will lead us to the Black Gate," he said. In an instant, the creature was off his duff and scrambling off, with the agile speed of a spider. Frodo and Sam struggled to keep up. Every so once in a while, Gollum would stop, turn, and give them looks of "Why are you so slow?" "Sillies!" he said. "Must follow Gollum. This way! Hurry!" Frodo and Sam followed, not even sure what their ending would be. But while Gollum was still a ways off from them, he stopped here and there, and spoke to himself, first with anger, then with resentment. "To the gate, to the gate, to the gate, Master says!" "No, we won't go back, not there, not to him, they can't make us, gollum, gollum!" "But we swore to serve the master of the precious!" "No, ashes and dust there is, and pits, pits, pits, and orcses, thousands of orcses, and always the great eye, watching! AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" He turned and suddenly opened his mouth to the hobbits, displaying sharpened little teeth and a dried-up tongue, eyes burning in hate and sudden fear. With one bound he was off and running, scruyying like an ape over the rocks. In one minute he had totally disappeared. "There! See? What did I tell you, Mr. Frodo? So much for his promises," Sam muttered. Suddenly, Gollum popped back up, grinning. "This way, hobbits. Follow me!" Frodo gave Sam a look and shrugged. Sam gritted his teeth and followed. Well, at least they had found a guide.