over Sauron and my departure for Rohan a few days later (Oh, that sounds a bit odd, as if people were looking forward to me leaving! Although I suppose at least the merchants might celebrate, for I drive a much harder bargain than Miriel when it comes to buying supplies.) As for the drunken kiss, that was only the once at a dance last year. I just pushed the man away and later told my brothers, who dunked him in the ornamental pond in the garden. I felt a bit sorry for the fish, but it certainly worked, as he never bothered me again. So you see, I'm well looked after and you needn't worry. Lothíriel Dol Amroth, March 11th Dear Éomer, What wonderful news! I had to race down and tell my father at once, but he had already read your letter to him. Mind you, it will upset all Miriel's seating arrangements to have you come to the celebration as well, but don't worry, I will make sure you get a seat next to me. Is it really traditional for a Rohirric bridegroom to meet his bride at her home? Or is that just a pretext for my father's sake? You certainly never mentioned anything of the sort before! I have a niggling suspicion it has something to do with wanting to make sure I do not get what you called 'mauled' by my brothers' friends. But whatever your motivation, I won't complain if it brings you to Dol Amroth. Just imagine, this means that in another two weeks we will see each other. In fact I took Draug for a walk down to the beach this morning and was thinking how spring had arrived without me noticing. Already the crocuses and primroses are defying the cold ocean winds and soon swallows will stop over on their journey north. Well, Bearnulf is waiting to take my father's reply back to you, so I have to keep this short. Until soon! Lothíriel P.S. And how crafty of you to write 'Princess' Lothíriel in that document giving me permission to do as I please. Does that mean I will have to try and obtain a new one when I am your wife? Anyway, I'm sending my most docile, meek, biddable and submissive greetings. Will you be a very strict husband? Dol Amroth, March 22nd Dear Éomer, Only another two days! I am so looking forward to meeting you. Amrothos teased me for wanting to send a message back to you, but Ceorl has to ride back anyway, doesn't he, so he might as well take a letter with him. Everything is in readiness here: I've made sure you get the room with the best view of the sea, the linens are freshly aired and I've put your new shirts in the chest at the end of the bed for you. How strange to think you are in Gondor already by this time and soon we will be able to talk face to face. I'm so exited! Lothíriel P.S. And I always had the suspicion you were going to be a terribly strict and implacable husband, so that news does not shock me. Dol Amroth, March 24th Dear Éomer, I think I've become so used to writing to you that I can't stop anymore. But just think: now I can simply send a servant along with this message and you will get it at once. I'm sitting in my window seat as I'm writing this and if I crane my neck I can actually spot the yellow glow of your bedchamber window, so I know you're still up. What a strange feeling to finally meet you in person! On one hand it seemed like I'd known you forever, like meeting an old friend again, on the other you are still a stranger to me. I'm sorry Draug growled at you, but he can be rather possessive and gets jealous when I pay too much attention to somebody else. However, I'm sure he will soon warm to you. How clever of you to give him the leftover jerky from your saddlebags, that certainly seemed to please him. Now I'm looking forward to showing you Morwen and going for a ride along the beach, like we've arranged to do for tomorrow. If we get up early we can get away from all the other guests and I can prove to you that I'm not grumpy in the mornings. You won't need all your guards along, will you? After all, I will be perfectly safe with just you. I'll get a basket of food from the kitchen and then all we have to do is to be back in plenty of time so I can get changed for the evening's entertainment. I want to put on my beautiful new necklace and earrings (how you spoil me!) and look pretty, because I have promised all my dances to a certain rider from Rohan. Don't forget to put on one of your new shirts. Oh, that sounds downright wifely, doesn't it! Do you know, I have to admit I felt a little bit shy when you rode into the courtyard this afternoon surrounded by all your men, for you seemed to be so much the renowned warrior king. I hadn't realized how tall you were and your voice sounded so serious when you exchanged greetings with my father and brothers. But then you bowed over my hand and looked up at me with a twinkle in your blue eyes and it was all right, you were the Éomer from your letters. Until tomorrow. Lothíriel A/N: There will be probably be five to six different scenarios altogether. I owe t he inspiration for this to Willow-41z who has written a similar series as a birthday present for me – you can find it in my favourites, it's well worth reading. Again many thanks for the present and the inspiration! Also many thanks to my wonderful beta LadyBluejay.