He had bathed and changed into clean clothes, and he felt refreshed and relaxed. To his surprise he spotted Orophin, who was standing by the buffet table and helping himself to the various delicacies displayed on it. It always made Haldir slightly uncomfortable to watch Orophin eat; he had the appetite of a bear and the table manners to match. Haldir approached Orophin from behind and tapped him on the shoulder, saying in a stern voice, "Shirking your duty, soldier?" Orophin spun around as if stung by a bee, swearing when he saw Haldir. "Was that really necessary?" "Necessary, no. Tempting, yes." Haldir grinned. "But in all seriousness, aren't you supposed to be at the northern fences with Rúmil at this time?" "I was there," Orophin said, "but I was given the honourable task of escorting our royal guests to the city. Have some wine, it's from a good year." Haldir filled himself a goblet and looked around, spotting both Thranduil and his eldest son. Then another familiar face caught his eye, and he frowned. "What is that stable maid doing here?" he said, half to himself, half to Orophin. "Stable maid?" "Yes, the pretty one with the braid. She seems rather friendly with the Prince." Haldir looked at Filanna, who had not seen him yet as she was engaged in a conversation with Rínion. "I talked to her earlier this evening." Orophin, who had followed his gaze in bewilderment, turned to his older brother with a quickly growing smirk on his face. "Ah, I see. So you 'talked', eh? That must have been quite the conversation indeed, if she did not even tell you her name." "Funny." Haldir smiled mildly. "I assure you nothing untoward happened." "Only because she didn't let you, I'll wager." "Oh, you have met her? Perhaps even got some cold water splashed into your face yourself?" "Yes to former question, no to the latter. Allow me to educate you, brother: she is not a stable maid, but Thranduil's youngest daughter, Filanna." It was with obvious enjoyment that Orophin watched his brother's expression change into one of disbelief. "Oh, you must be joking," Haldir said, looking from Orophin to Filanna and back. "That... that ellon ? A princess of Mirkwood?" "I understand your bewilderment, but it is the truth," Orophin said. "And that is not all. Not only does she dress like a male, she rides like one, too. She arrived on this enormous, fiery stallion which she rode as if it were a docile pony, and with one leg on each side." "You sound impressed." "Well, I was . And you would have been, too, if you had seen the horse. It is a ferocious-looking beast." Orophin looked at Haldir attentively, a mischievous smile playing at his lips. "So you think her pretty, do you, Haldir?" "Hmm." Taking a slow pull at his wine, Haldir observed Filanna from the distance. "Interesting face." Orophin nodded. "Unfortunately, her face is about all we see of her. Some concealment can be stimulating, I will be the first to acknowledge that, but this is ridiculous. She didn't even change into a dress for the occasion." "Leggings do have one advantage over a dress, though." Haldir chuckled. "They allow us to admire the shape of a female's legs." "But skirts can be hoisted up." "Leggings can be pulled down. Technically, the effect is the same." Orophin folded his arms in front of his chest. "Are you telling me you find a female in leggings more alluring than one in a gown?" "No, I have never said that, nor would I ever. I was merely being objective, pointing out the benefits." "The benefits of trousers on females." "Exactly." Haldir turned his gaze away from Filanna to inspect the other females attending the party, who were wearing dresses, and pretty ones at that. "Well... just beware of her, brother." Orophin grinned. "I hear mental alarm bells when I look at this one. Before you know it, she will have turned you into a docile pony, as well." "Oh, I don't think so." Haldir laughed. "But if she wishes to ride me, one leg on each side, no one will hear me complain." But Haldir was enough of a realist to know how little chance he had of succeeding with this girl. He had the feeling that she did not think of their first meeting as a positive experience, and the stubborn indifference with which she ignored him the entire evening enforced this impression. Besides, a king's youngest daughter, one who struck him as an innocent, and a prudish one at that... he wasn't sure if he had time to invest in such a challenge. There were easier and less dangerous ways to spend a pleasant night; and he did think he deserved one, after three weeks at the fences. Already several maidens were making eyes at him, so having his lust slaked tonight was not going to be very difficult. But then, it never was. He did not speak with Filanna again that night. He stayed out of her way just like she seemed to stay out of his; in fact she spoke to few people other than her father and her brother. When at last he and Bereth, the elleth of his choosing, left for his talan, the princess hadn't been asked for a dance even once. She stood all by herself, apparently lost in thought, looking rather forlorn and strangely vulnerable. Haldir felt a strange flash of guilt then, but it faded the moment he rounded the corner, and by the time Bereth sighed in his arms as he skillfully removed her gown, the peculiar princess with the sad eyes was forgotten for the remainder of the night. xxx Ada = father, daddy muin-iell = dear daughter pen tithen = little one telain = plural form of 'talan', flet Mithrenfin = mithren (grey) + fîn (hair, tress(es)) mellon = friend ellon = male elf elleth = female elf (plural: ellith)