knew the herb-master would be found in his room by the herb garden. He was occupied in crushing comfrey leaves to prepare salves for the wounded. He barely looked up when she entered. "There are fresh salves on the shelf there," he said without looking at her. "I have come to ask if you have any kingsfoil here?" said Ioreth as soon as she could get her breath back. "Kingsfoil? Whatever do you want that for, woman? We have far worse matters than headaches to deal with here!" "A stranger says he needs it to help Lord Faramir." "Well, tell this stranger we don't keep such useless old wives remedies here," the herb master said impatiently. "You had better come with me then. The Warden demands your presence. "It seemed better to say the Warden, than that a stranger seemed to have taken charge of Lord Faramir. Grumbling, the herb master accompanied Ioreth back to Faramir's room where he explained to the stranger and Mithrandir in great detail that he did not keep such a humble herb as kingsfoil in the Houses. Mithrandir impatiently sent him to find some. Ioreth could only hope that some of the old folk who had not left for safety might have some stored to freshen the air. Ioreth watched fascinated as the stranger, who by now had shed his armour and was clad simply in a worn shirt and breeches much in need of a wash, knelt beside Faramir and laid a hand on his brow and called his name. She bit back a sharp comment. A fine lot of good that would do the poor young man! She could have cured him swiftly herself if all it took were words. The stranger's face became even more haggard, and his skin turned grey with fatigue. He looked as if he were about to collapse. He repeatedly called Faramir's name. It seemed as if some great struggle were taking place. "Sir," Ioreth said anxiously. "Should you not take rest?" The stranger gave no answer. He seemed as removed from them as poor Faramir, and walked afar in some dark and dreadful place calling for one that was lost. Ioreth recalled a time when she was a girl and her father had sent her to search for a lamb that had strayed. She had found the beast, but could not find her way home in the dark and had stumbled amongst the brambles until she saw a lantern in the distance, and heard her father's voice calling her home. Time passed and still the struggle continued. Ioreth was surprised that Faramir still breathed. She wondered if it were somehow the power of the stranger's will keeping him within the circles of the world. She doubted this could go on for much longer as the stranger now looked in a worst condition than the man he was trying to save! Just then Bergil came running in, and he bore six leaves in a cloth. "It is kingsfoil, Sir," he said; "but not fresh, I fear. It must have been culled two weeks ago at the least. I hope it will serve, Sir?" Then looking at Faramir he burst into tears. The stranger turned to face him, suddenly roused from his trance. "It will serve," he said, smiling at Bergil. 'The worst is now over. Stay and be comforted! I need hot water brought quickly." Two of the younger women hurried to do his bidding. The stranger crumbled two leaves in his hands and suddenly the stale air in the room became as fresh as if a living breeze blew threw it. Ioreth felt a sudden surge of sheer joy that she could not explain. One of the young women brought in a bowl of steaming water and placed it on the table beside Faramir's bed. The stranger cast the leaves into the bowl and he stood up. Ioreth realised he was easily the tallest man in the room. There was an air of something about him that she could not quite define. 'Kingly' seemed the only word to describe him. He smiled and held the steaming bowl in front of Faramir's face. "Well now! Who would have believed it?" said Ioreth to a woman that stood beside her. "The weed is better than I thought. It reminds me of the roses of Imloth Melui when I was a lass, and no king could ask for better." To her amazement Faramir stirred and opened his eyes to gaze at the stranger. She had never seen such a look in his eyes before. It was as if he recognised the man, and loved him with the strength of love that a son might have for a father. A similar look was in the stranger's eyes, as if he recognised a long lost beloved kinsman or friend. "My lord, you called me. I come. What does the king command?" Faramir said softly. "Walk no more in the shadows, but awake!' said the stranger. "You are weary. Rest a while, and take food, and be ready when I return." "I will, lord,' said Faramir. 'For who would lie idle when the king has returned?" "Farewell then for a while!' said the man hailed as king. 'I must go to others who need me." He lightly kissed Faramir on the brow and turned and left the chamber together with Mithrandir and Prince Imrahil, which surprised Ioreth who thought the Prince would surely wish to stay with his nephew. She went over to Faramir and felt his brow. There was no trace of fever. There could be no doubt who the stranger was. "King! Did you hear that? What did I say? The hands of a healer, I said!" Ioreth exclaimed to anyone who would listen. Why, the old lore was right and Gondor had a new king! A/n. Some lines are taken directly from Tolkien's "The Return of the King." This was written for the LOTRGFIC March 15 th Challenge in 2009.