ribs and gave him a sharp look. The wizard winced as Saruman said, "So there you have it, forty-two people in your house! Well, on your property." He sounded absoutely cheerful. My mouth hurts from hanging open that long. "Forty-two." I repeated, the numbers spinning in my mind. "Forty-two." "Yep." "Forty-two...people and animals in my house ?" I asked, wanting to make sure that it was right. "And how am I supposed to take care of forty-two people ?" I said, my voice rising octaves. Elrohir and Elladan, who was listening by my side, slung both of their arms around my neck uncomfortably. I shifted uneasily under their weight. "Ah, don't worry. You don't have to take care of all of us. I mean, we're people, right?" Elladan said with a grin. "Well, except for Katie and Johnny's puppies. They're quite a handful." Elrohir mused. "Oh, and Shelob's pregnant. She's got another litter coming up." Elladan added very unhelpfully. "I really hope they don't steal my TV." Elladan muttered. "Or my computer." Elrohir sighed. Arwen decided to step in and save me from the two twins who were currently figuring out what to hide from the new spiders coming in. "Alright, birthday girl coming through." She steered me through a huge crowd of people and plopped me down on a chair. Galadriel and Celeborn, being dragged in Aragorn and Elrond, yawned shamelessly and accepted a hot mugs of tea from Shelob, who was busy whipping up a new cake for me. Really, I don't know how everybody could fit inside the kitchen. Even with Shelob's massive size. Oh wait, scratch that. Half her body is in the kitchen and half it is in the living room. Lucky spider. She can watch cartoons and cook at the same time. I heard lots of banging and shouting and a " Nasty, wicked, tricksy, false hobbitses! We kept that one for quite a while now!" Then there was a few thumps and yells, "Oi, Merry! Over here!" and "Pippin, heads up!" Frodo and Sam looked up at the ceiling. "Sam, I think Merry and Pippin are playing football upstairs using Smeagol's new Blackberry." Frodo said wistfully. Sam looked horrified. "But I just got him that for his birthday! I'm going to have a word with those two." There were more thumps and bangs, followed by a loud wail. Shelob let out a noise that sounded concerned, and she cocked her head slightly at the direction of the stairs. "Oh, boy." Aragorn said. "Harry's been disrupted from his stock market." Celeborn yawned, nearly backhanding Bilbo, Theoden, and Thranduil, who just walked in. "Hey!" Thranduil barely missed his hand. "Watch the face." He said. "Oh, sorry." The Elf said sleepily. Aragorn looked impatient. "Shall I drag Merry and Pippin and Gollum downstairs?" he consulted his wife first. "Yeah whatever." She dismissed him, and he took off. A few seconds later, Merry and Pippin both were sent to help Shelob wash the dishes, and Gandalf watched them. "You remember the time you set off that dragon firework when you weren't supposed to?" Gandalf said cheerfully, taking a hearty puff of his pipe. Then he waved the pipe in front of the two hobbits' face. "Longbottom leaf..." he taunted them. "Na na na na na..." Smeagol sat next to me on the floor, sticking his tongue out at Sam and Frodo, while grumbling at the same time. "Hey, look on the bright side," Glorfindel said, cheering the two hobbits up. "At least Gollum's wearing decent clothes this time instead of half-destroyed boxers." "Hey, am I missing something?" A voice drifted from somewhere in the crowd. "Nah," and I recognized the voice to be Elrond. "Had a good bubble bath, Grima?" "Yeah." I caught sight of a pale faced man as he made his way towards me. "Sorry 'bout that Dra." Wormtongue grinned. "The lock broke because Eomer broke it." Eomer coughed. Shelob gracefully slid her long leg towards me, carrying a cake balanced on her...leg. Then she set it down on the table in front of me, and let out a happy chirp before sticking two candles on top, one of them in the shape of a two and the other in the shape of a five. "I'm not fifty-two." I said, confused. Arwen sighed. "No, you're not." She switched the two candles around. "There. You're twenty-five. Like the age difference better? Now let's sing the birthday song to the birthday girl, shall we?" She said excitedly. Aragorn quirked a smile at me, and gave me a knowing look that read Arwen-really-likes-parties. I gave him a slight nod. Make a mental note of that . I told myself. They all started a weak chorus of "Happy Birthday", all very off-tune. When they finished, nobody spoke anything until Haldir said, "Well, that sounded more like a death march all the same, but that's okay!" "Make a wish." I heard Sam nudge me, and I did. Please don't let the house explode . I wished, and blew out the candles. Everyone cheered, seemingly happy, except for Gollum, who snorted, but Smeagol led on a happy squeal. There was a loud bark, followed by whines and squeaks. Then Bilbo yelled, "Puppies at eight o'clock!" before everybody took the warning to heart, diving out of the way. Except me, of course. I had no idea what was going on. But that was before I was knocked back, my face getting slobbered with dog saliva, Shelob whining about something, Arwen smacking her forehead, without knowing that Katie and Johnny let in their puppies into the house. Oh, what is this world coming to? Weird, eh? Yeah. That's what I thought. Hopefully you like this story so far? I think it's very random. :D Well, whether you liked it or not, review and tell me what you think! And I'm still looking for a beta-reader for this, so in the meantime just point out anything to me and I'll fix it! Cheers, littledragoneyes