there." He paused again. "I love your daughter very much." Haldir was not usually this verbally explicit about his feelings, and Thranduil's eyes betrayed some surprise as he glanced at Haldir askance. "You needn't convince me of your sincerity, Haldir. I have never doubted it." "My Lord, I…" Haldir looked away in discomfort, his mouth suddenly dry as though he had swallowed a handful of sand. He was ill prepared for this moment, as it had come sooner than expected, but the opportunity was in fact too perfect to let slide. "Forgive me for being forward, but there is a delicate matter I wish to discuss with you." Thranduil nodded and turned to face him, which did not help to increase Haldir's confidence. "You have my full attention." "I wish to marry your daughter." Haldir hadn't meant to blurt it out like that, but once his mouth had formed the words, there was no choice but to go bravely forward. "I've known it for a while, but I never saw the need to rush it. After all, our kind has nothing but time, and I've long been afraid to commit due to the dangers of my profession, but those misgivings now seem immaterial. I know this with great certainty: your daughter is the one great love of my life and I wish to be joined with her in marriage, whatever the future may hold." "I see." Thranduil's face betrayed little. "And what are Filanna's feelings on this? Has she accepted you?" "I haven't mentioned any of this to her yet, my Lord. I wanted to ask your permission first." "My permission?" Thranduil frowned, but he didn't seem displeased. "Haldir, you know my daughter. Do you honestly think that my disapproval could dissuade her from anything she has set her mind on?" "Not dissuade her, perhaps," Haldir said, "but your opinion matters a great deal to her, and I do believe that she wouldn't be truly happy without your blessing. I wouldn't put her in that position. That is why I came to you first- to tell you of my intentions and to hopefully secure your consent." Thranduil turned his gaze once more to his unsuspecting daughter and son down below, and for a short while the sound of their laughter was the only thing that could be heard. "I thought I was prepared for this," the King said eventually, as a small smile appeared on his face, "but now that the moment is come, I find it moves me more profoundly than I thought it would." "I realize that Filanna is your youngest daughter," Haldir said quickly, "and you may think her too young to enter into such a commitment. I am willing to wait if you would have it so." Thranduil raised his hand to indicate that he had more to say. "My father once tried to control my choice for a bride, Haldir, and I have vowed to never follow his example. This is what I know: you love my daughter and she loves you. Filanna is thoughtful and sensible, and not likely to make rash decisions. If she agrees to marry you, I see no reason to give you both anything less than my blessing and support. My only wish is that you be engaged for a year, in accordance with the ancient laws." "I have no problem with that." Haldir, who had had little hope for a favorable response, struggled to keep a dignified demeanour as a great, indescribable joy settled in his heart. "Thank you, my Lord." "We are likely to be related soon, Haldir." The mischievous spark that seldom left Thranduil's eyes was now very noticeable. "Don't you think it is time you started calling me Ada?" Haldir smiled and inclined his head slightly to acknowledge the jest. It wasn't the first time that the King teased him for his overly correct manners. "The one who once bore that name is no longer with us, and the word has too many painful connotations for me. But I am willing to call you by a less formal title, if you wish." Thranduil's expression changed at the mention of Haldir's father. "Forgive me, it slipped out before I remembered... I did not mean to be insensitive. I merely wish to convey that there is no need for ceremony under this roof, especially after we shared this conversation." "I know that, Sire, and I appreciate it. You and your family have always made me feel very welcome. I will try to mend my ways, but my experience is that old habits die hard." Thranduil nodded and reached out to clasp Haldir's shoulder. "I am sorry, Haldir, but I fear I must return to my work presently. My clerk is not the most patient of elves, and matters of state are waiting to be dealt with. With regard to our conversation, you can of course count on my complete discretion. But just out of curiosity, when do you plan to ask her?" "I... I don't know yet," Haldir said, experiencing a new surge of barely containable excitement as he thought of the turn his life was about to take. "I'm not sure if such a thing should be planned. The moment must be right." "Don't worry." Thranduil gave him an encouraging nod. "I do not doubt her answer, and neither should you." With that, the King turned to leave, but as he made his way back across the terrace, he suddenly paused and turned around once more. "Did my daughter truly kill that spider by herself?" "On my honour, the kill was hers entirely," Haldir replied. "The trophy was rightfully earned, and she needed but one arrow for it." Haldir knew that Thranduil had not truly doubted the story- he had merely wanted to hear it again. "That's my girl," the King murmured, almost as if to himself. Then, with a smile that could only be described as one of paternal pride, he turned and went inside. -fin-