to drink as much from the broken shards as there still remained, not caring about the cuts the glass gave him. He no longer paid any attention to the son in the corner that watched him with wet eyes and a broken heart. It was the most horrible month Elrond had ever had, as the pain came back, and the shivering started. He was sick, dried out and shaking as though he had a fever, and every time someone came he asked, begged, and demanded some of the liquid he craved. But all who saw him had the same look on their face. They pitied him, Elrond could feel that, but none of the ones that entered were willing to give him what he needed. There were times the elven lord hated each of his sons for doing this to him. Times that he would have smashed each of their faces; hit them; hurt them, if only he had had the strength. On other times he hated himself. He hated himself for ever wanting to hurt his sons, for being in this state, for everything. He had known the green liquid was addictive. He should have been strong enough to stay away from it. He should have been. He had known it. The month passed and his pain lessened, and the shivering stopped. He was slowly learning to eat again. The drinks he took stayed in his body, and the green liquid no longer ruled his mind like it had before. He no longer asked for the green liquid, and he no longer felt the need to hit Elrohir in the face when the youngest of the twins offered him bread instead. Yet his self-hate remained. It was easy to forgive his sons now that he could remember that they were only doing what was best for him, but it was impossible to forgive himself. After all… he should have known. "Ada." Elrond looked up, noticing the stern tone of his youngest son, and fearing the lecture that would come. So far, Estel had refrained from confronting him about hiding his wounds, or taking the green potion, but Elrond had known it had only been the silence for the storm. After all… it was him that had raised the boy, and he had raised him well. That he had done right at least. The elvenlord looked down again. "Ada. Look at me." Aragorn could see his father was retreating into himself again, staring to the ground and acting as if he was a child that had just been caught stealing cookies. "You will look at me when I speak to you." He repeated, in the most kingly voice he could find. It felt weird, giving orders like this to the man who raised him, almost as if somewhere in the last few months Elrond and he had changed places. The elvenlord looked up with shame in his eyes. Estel sighed. "Why are you doing this anyway?" he asked, dropping his kingly attitude. He was no lord in this house, nor was he healer. The only one that could ever claim those titles was sitting right in from of him, hiding from his duties and Estel was at loss how to help him. "Why are you hiding like this? Paperwork is ever growing, the river is raging, and all those elves... and I just can't… Elladan and Elrohir are doing a good job… but it is just… they are not you." "Estel…" the name was spoken at the same tone Elrond had used for months now, the weak whining pathetic tone that didn't fit at all with the strong and wise leader he had been. Estel hated that tone, and he countered it with his kingly voice again. "Imladris needs you. You can not keep hiding." "Elladan and Elrohir will take over. Imladris does not need me." Elrond no longer spoke in the weak tone Aragorn hated so much, but with all the certainty of a leader. He spoke as if his words had been final, ultimate, end of discussion. But Estel shook his head. "Elladan and Elrohir need you too, Ada. You cannot just dump Imladris into their hands. " "Elladan and Elrohir are fine! They do not need me! I am no longer fit to lead! Leave me alone!" "No." Aragorn spoke, at the exact same tone he had used when he had denied his father the green liquid. "I will not leave you here to destroy yourself. I need you. Dan and Ro need you." "They have been strong and capable adults for a long time now, Aragorn." The use of that name cut a hole into Aragorn's heart. Anyone could call him by that name. Anyone. But to Elrond he was Estel. But though he was wounded he did not give up. He would fight this battle, the hardest one in his life, to the bitter end. "Yes, the twins are adults now. And yes they are capable and strong. And yet, not so very long ago, when they were both lying in the healing room bleeding from wounds that would kill them, they needed you then as they need you now." Elrond looked away. "And I could not save them…" He whispered. "Yes you could." "I could not… I could not stay conscious.. I could not save them…" "You could save the m and you did." "The threat didn't go through the needle… and they were slipping away from me…" "But you saved them. They are still alive" "I took the potion." "You saved Dan and Ro." "I took the potion though I knew it was addictive." "To save Dan and Ro." "I am weak." Aragorn shook his head. "Yes" Elrond's voice sounded defeated, broken. "No." It was that same 'no' again. A 'No' powerful enough to overrule the Lord of Imladris, to win a battle, and to start a healing process. For the 'no' of a king is the 'no' of a healer. The End.