help sooner than planned." Strider stood up from Amdir, a bandage now covering his side. He turned towards me. "I want to see more of your skills, Danagor. Your journey has just begun." We walked towards the practice area and prepared to spar. I noticed that Strider's gait was constantly a fighter's one. He had obviously been fighting for years. His stance was prefect. "First to disarm wins." Strider came at me in a whirlwind. I met him blow for blow, getting a feel for his fighting style. Then I realized that he had no style. It was completely random in his swings changing it halfway through. This was probably the most dangerous opponent I had faced. Strider kicked my legs out from under me and I fell onto my back. "A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage." Strider told me as I stood up. "Again!" Strider came at me while I was halfway standing. I rolled behind him and it was like he had eyes in the back of his head. He blocked my next swing that would have resulted in a light touch against his neck with ease. He spun around and I swung my sword against his. The force rattled my wrist. Strider frowned and I got the sense that he would not like losing to someone he had only met hours ago. I lashed out with my fist, catching him squarely in the ribs. He went down winded and wheezing. I didn't punch him that hard even. Strider actually smiled. Well it was more like a half one. "A few hours on the battlefield and you might be a force to be reckoned with, Danagor. Offer your service to Brackenbrook and we might be able to avert disaster." Strider went back to tending Amdir. Brackenbrook had followed us, making sure we weren't bandits ourselves or something. "Well, the rumor seeker returns." The captain said dismissedly. "Maybe I could help you somehow, in exchange for your aid." Captain Brackenbrook pointed down the road, towards a farm. "Calder Cob is my best guard and has been having problems with wolves as of late. Ask him what you can do to help." I walked outside the gates of Archet to the farm. A few wild hogs were in the grassy area of the hills, the stone ruins of the Kingdom of the North farther ahead. Calder Cob was the man standing in the middle of the gate to the farm, a proud look was on his face. He looked like a bully that had just escaped punishment for hurting another kid. The red haired man smirked as I drew near. He was armed with an axe and a guard's uniform was fitted to his size. On his left a man's leg was bandaged and another guard was applying a splint. "Well, lookit here. If it isn't the man who cried Brigands. I've heard all about you Danagor." He spoke with a drawl, that conveyed smugness. " How does he know my name?" "I thought you would be coming sooner or later to help me with a little wolf problem." The man pointed with his axe. "Near Brown's Folly a pack of wolves has turned up, one of them has already wounded one of the guards." A weak groan came from his right. The wounded guard sat with his back to the wall, his leg securely bandaged to stop the bleeding. "Well, get going!" The man pushed me towards the ruins. "I just hope those wolves aren't breeding while you are there!" Calder Cob jeered. That got me walking towards the ruins. Wolves were very territorial when they were having pups. As the ruins came into view, I noticed a banner had been placed on top of the ruins. Something was wrong here. A wolf pounced out of the bushes and I hit it solidly on the head with my shield. My sword went into it's chest as it staggered and fell over dead. A brand was on this wolf, a hunting hound of some kind. Bile began to rise in my throat as the events from last night and my kill sank in. I had just killed and hadn't thought about it until the wolf's death was in front of me. I took a few deep breaths. What is done is done. I looked at the brand. It resembled a black crown with three spikes coming from the top. A scruffy man wearing leather armor approached and grinned. His teeth were yellow. "I thought you would be paying me a visit. Calder Cob sends his regret that you will die here." The man swung his sword and I parried. Another wolf joined his side and it pounced. I slammed my shield into it, making the wolf dazed. My enemy punched me in the gut, making me lean forward. I brought my shield around and the blow that would've cut my face in half clattered against it. I shoved forward with the shield and sank my sword into his gut as he leaned back. His wolf howled and ran towards me. He landed on top of my shield, biting and snapping. Drool flew as he tried to bite me. I had hunted wolves and this had happened before. I rolled out slashing with my sword where the wolf was. Blood flowed as a long scar decorated the wolf's side. The wolf toppled from pain and I put it out of it's misery. I had been led into a trap. The sign of the crown on the wolves hide was a symbol I recognized from the teachings of my childhood mentor. It was The Iron Crown, a symbol of Angmar. Something a lot worse was going on then a raid by brigands. " All tales begin with a call." The Legend of Zelda quote, "A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage" goes to Nintendo. Reviews keep the adventure going!