have tended." "I shall use more athelas for a fresh poultice then I must wake him," said Aragorn. He called for a servant to bring hot water. He prepared the dressing and then applied it with the healer's assistance. He looked across the bed to Aedred, "Will you leave us, please, for a moment?" he said. Aedred looked doubtful. "I do not know if that is a good idea, my lord," he said. "You could overtax yourself again giving your strength to Lord Faramir." Aragorn glared at the stubborn healer then his glance softened. He had known Aedred for many years and knew the healer genuinely cared about him. "I give you my word I shall not use my healing powers until you return. I simply desire to spare Faramir's dignity if he awakes screaming with pain." "Very well, then, my lord. I shall return in a short while." Aedred left the room, but Aragorn did not hear his retreating footsteps and suspected that the healer was still hovering outside. The King took a deep breath and looked down at Faramir's sleeping face. He appeared to be in a fairly peaceful slumber and he wished that he did not need to rouse him. It was essential, though that he drink water and be dosed with more poppy juice in order to keep the poison caused pain at bay. He called the servant to bring more hot water. Aragorn looked around the room to assure himself there was nothing with which Faramir could harm himself. He then took two athelas leaves, breathed on them and crumbled them before casting them into the water. He waited for the living freshness to fill the room before calling to Faramir to awaken and brushing his fingertips against his eyelids once more. Faramir stirred and opened his eyes, his gaze meeting that of his King. "Ada, again you came for me in the darkness!" he said. "How do you fare?" asked Aragorn, taking one of Faramir's hands in his own. "Not too ill, though I have been better," said Faramir. "I am so thirsty." Aragorn held a glass of water to the Steward's lips. Faramir drank greedily. "How is the pain now?" he asked once Faramir had drunk his fill. "It burns and stabs still, but it is much easier to bear." Faramir gazed at the King; his eyes alight with love and gratitude. "You took it from me did you not?" "I tried to." "You should not risk yourself so for me." "I would not lose you to the Easterling poison," Aragorn replied. "Éowyn would most surely kill me if I allowed any harm to come to you! She will be here soon. Now, would you like some more water before I give you your medicine and change the dressings?" Faramir nodded. "I am so sorry that I permitted you to try on that shirt, ion nîn," Aragorn said as he prepared a fresh poultice. "The poison was intended for me not for you." "I am glad that you did not don the poisoned garment," Faramir said staunchly. "Gondor has need of her King and I have need of the one who is like a father to me." "Gondor needs her Steward, as do I," said Aragorn. "Now drink your medicine before I change these dressings." When Éowyn arrived a few hours later, Faramir was sleeping peacefully. "I believe the worst is over and he will recover," Aragorn told her. 0000 Several weeks later, Aragorn and Faramir were working on official documents together when two messengers delivered a large trunk. They bowed and took their leave. "I wonder what this can be," Faramir mused. "I think we can take a short break from deciding on trade tariffs to open it," said Aragorn. The King opened the chest. It was packed to the brim with rolls of the finest silks in every colour that could be imagined. There was a sheet of parchment on top of the rolls of silk. Aragorn picked it up and began to read. "Esteemed Lord King, please accept these finest silks my land has to offer. Your own tailor can make them into raiment of your choice, so you will know that no foul poisons are concealed within. I would like your esteemed self, your esteemed lady, and your esteemed Steward to enjoy this gift as a small token of contrition for what your esteemed Steward suffered at the miscreant Khulan's hands. Your humble servant, Ganzorig son of Ganbaatar." "A gift from our new ambassador," said Faramir. "I like Ganzorig," said Aragorn. "He is a very different man to Khulan. He speaks plainly." "Since Khulan left there have been no further attacks on Ithilien," said Faramir. "Maybe he was behind them and not the Emperor?" "The Emperor appeared genuinely outraged by the attack on you," said Aragorn. "He demanded that Khulan return home at once to face trial. That was the last thing I had expected." "I am simply glad that the threat of war has been averted," said Faramir. He fingered one of the rolls of silk. "This is fair indeed, as fine as any silk from Harad." "Most Harad silks have their origins in Rhûn," said Aragorn. "The climate of Harad is too hot for the mulberry which the silkworm lives off. Rhûn sells many of the cocoons to Harad to be woven into silk, but the silk they weave themselves they guard jealously. Unlike the Haradrim, they rarely trade it. We are honoured by this gift." Faramir eyed a roll of sea-green silk. "Éowyn would look most fair in that colour," he said. "Then she must have it," said Aragorn. "We will ask our tailors and dressmakers to fashion this silk into fine raiment and wear it to a state banquet to which we will invite Ambassador Ganzorig and his lady. Your full recovery and the improved relations between our two lands deserve a celebration." A/n Written for the Teitho "Raiment" Challenge where it was placed third.