at that moment. What was all this about? Was it some sort of prank? And what did he mean by 'Rivendell'? Why did that name sound so familiar? Then a memory hit her. "What are you watching, daddy?" Elana asked as she came to sit next to her dad on the couch. He put an arm around her shoulders welcomingly, and said, "A movie, called Lord of the Rings. You may not want to watch it." Elana looked up at her dad, and then to the T.V. to see two small people with rather large feet discussing something with a regular sized man. The scene changed to show two more of the small people, both with curly hair like the others, talking amongst themselves as well. "What's it about?" She asked, curious now. Her dad looked at her and then the movie and said, "It's about a group of different people that go on an adventure, or quest, to save their world. It's pretty complicated to explain. You can stay for a bit and watch a little if you want to. But there are some parts you probably won't want to see." For the rest of the time it took for her dad to watch the movies throughout the week, Elana would always come in the middle of some scenes and ask an abundance of questions as to what is going on. She could never really understand, and could hardly tell some of the characters apart. She liked it well enough, but she just could never follow the story line. It didn't really help that she had always come in during the movie. Though her favorite characters were the little people, or Hobbits. She always liked how they would surprise the others with their abilities. Middle-earth. That's what it's called. Her dad told her that countless times when she would join him to watch the movies. But it wasn't real, was it? It couldn't be.. It was only a movie.. At least, she thought it was. This couldn't be a dream, her side hurt too much for that. "W-wait... D-Do you mean that this isn't Oklahoma?" She was almost too afraid to hear the answer. Her voice sounded small and timid in the silence. The man, or elf, looked at her with confusion. Was that suspicion in his eyes? "I do not know what Oklahoma is." He said, his pronunciation of 'Oklahoma' sounding odd in his accent. "Who's protection are you under? Were you separated from your parents?" He inquired, now more curious. Elana just looked at him without having a good answer for either of his questions. She attempted one though, "Well... I was at home.. and.. I left and.." Her voice trailed off, uncertain as to how to finish that statement. Glorfindel now looked at her with uncertainty, not really knowing what to make with the given information. "You left?" He repeated, this time as a question. Elana only looked at him, not very certain of what to say. She nodded her head and replied more timidly, "I was going to go back, I just was going on a walk..." She shifted a bit on the ground, only to let out a grunt of pain with the movement. "I was just walking.. and.. then I didn't know where I was and those monsters came out of nowhere and.. and.." Her voice trailed off as she began to picture the prior situation with the creatures, letting out a shudder. She felt a warm hand on her shoulder, and looked up to see Glorfindel looking down at her reassuringly. "What were they?" asked Elana. He withdrew his hand and leaned back slightly as he spoke. "They are called Orcs in the Common Tongue. They are very dangerous, and it is very good that we were in the vicinity, tracking the pack that attacked you. I am glad we came when we did." Elana felt her eyes grow heavy as he spoke, his words sounding like a melody to her tired mind. Glorfindel must have noticed because then he said, "Enough questions for today. You need to rest. Come." He stood gracefully, bending down to pull her up by her arms. Very slowly, they made their way to where the others were resting already. Elana could hardly stand their inquisitive stares. They were all looking at her. Elana hated being the center of attention. It made her skin crawl. She felt very childish as she looked down, and then tried to focus very hard on elf who was guiding her's cloak as it brushed the ground. He led her to a spot near a newly made fire, and laid out a blanket for her to lay on. He led her to the ground, and she felt very grateful that he didn't let his grip go until she was completely on the ground. He gave her another blanket to cover herself with, and she curled tightly into a ball and closed her eyes, the heat of the fire on her back. She felt a hand brush her hair behind her ear and heard Glorfindel say, "Rest well, little one." He withdrew his hand and stood a little ways away. As Elana fell asleep, her last coherent thought was her wandering and praying that God was still here, wherever she was. Glorfindel retreated back to where the others sat, all watching him curiously. "Did you find anything out?" Said the man with short dark hair. Glorfindel replied as he took a seat in the grass, "Nothing that would explain what she is doing here. I am going to bring her back to Imladris, seeing as she does not know where she is. Perhaps Lord Elrond could aid us in this matter." The four figures all had their eyes fixed on the small form, whose chest was now rising and falling in the rhythm of sleep, the same though running through their minds. What would an Elleth be doing out alone in the wild?