again. Lothíriel got up and laid him in his cot, which was standing by the bed. He had a happy smile on his face and a trickle of milk was running from one corner of his mouth. She reached out for a cloth to wipe it away, but found they were all gone, so she just left it. Then she sat down on the edge of the bed, next to Éomer. "Well, husband of mine, so did you manage completely on your own?" she asked, and arched an eyebrow at him. "The servants filled the bathtub for me," he answered, "but I thought I'd be allowed that much help by the terms of our bet." Lothíriel inclined her head. "That seems fair," she conceded. "I'm sorry, I said you wouldn't be able to look after Elfwine on your own," she apologized, "quite obviously I was wrong." "Well perhaps not completely wrong," her husband admitted, "I had a small spot of bother to begin with, but it all turned out well in the end." There was a glint of laughter in his eyes, but before she could enquire any more deeply into this last statement he reached out a hand to cup one side of her face. "And now, my lady," he said in a low voice, "I think you owe me a forfeit." Lothíriel's pulse speeded up. "Really?" she replied, trying to keep her tone cool and composed. "I thought it was the usual stakes?" Bets among the Rohirrim usually involved one or several tankards of ale, provided for by the looser. But it seemed that her husband had other ideas. "I think not," Éomer whispered, sliding his other hand up one of her arms. He flashed her a grin when he felt her shivering involuntarily. She was not completely defenceless, though. Very slowly, she reached out a hand and started to pull out the pins that fastened her hair in place. After the sixth or seventh the whole silky black mass came tumbling down over her shoulders and he caught his breath. "You're doing that on purpose," he accused her. "Doing what?" she asked innocently, and shook her head so her loose hair brushed across his fingers. His eyes narrowed and then suddenly his hand snaked out, he grabbed her and rolled over on top of her, pinning her neatly beneath him in the process. She had seen it coming of course, but even so the suddenness of his move surprised her and she let out a startled squeal. Guiltily they froze and looked towards their son's bed, but Elfwine just pulled a bit of a face in his sleep, gave a snort, and rolled over onto his other side. Éomer turned his attention back towards her. "Now where were we, my lady?" he asked, firmly cradling her face between his arms. She smiled up at him. "I think you were just claiming your due, my lord," she answered meekly. Then she reached up and buried her hands in his thick mane of blond hair, pulling his face down towards hers for a deep and thorough kiss. A good while later, the King of Rohan watched his wife get up and wrap a robe around herself. The light had weakened and soon it would be time to get dressed and join his men in the Great Hall for the evening meal, but this moment, balanced between the fading of the day and the coming of the night, still belonged to them. He savoured every last bit of it as he watched her move about the room, picking up their discarded clothes and then settling down on the edge of the bed again, combing out her lovely, long hair. This time his beautiful wife stayed well out of his reach, though, he thought with a grin. She noticed his grin and put her head to one side. "Feeling satisfied with the outcome of your bet?" she asked. Éomer did not fail to take note of the slight challenge in her tone. "Well, yes…" he replied cautiously. She gave him a bright smile. "In that case you won't mind looking after Elfwine again tomorrow?" "What?" he sat bolt upright, only to have his wife burst into helpless laughter. "Oh, Éomer," she gasped. "The look on your face!" He glared at her while she wiped tears of laughter from her eyes. "Don't worry," she said, "it was only a joke." He continued glaring at her as she got up again and crossed the room to the door of the bathing room. "Do you think you can manage to look after our son while I'm having a quick bath?" she teased him. Éomer tensed. He had had to give up his unsuccessful attempt at washing the bed cover in the bathtub, when he had caught Elfwine trying to ingest his mother's favourite scented soap, imported at great cost from Dol Amroth. The fact that one of the used nappies had been swept down the drain and had blocked it, had not helped either. But surely by now the servants would have come and cleaned it all up, probably while he had been dead to the world, sleeping off his exhaustion. He felt himself relaxing and took a look at Elfwine, still fast asleep in his cot. "Oh yes, I can manage that," he replied with a smile and stretched out on the bed again, "You go and enjoy your bath, ladylove." His wife opened the door to the bathroom. There was silence for a moment at the sight greeting her eyes. Then she whirled around towards him. "Éomer!" said the Queen of Rohan, her eyes flashing with wrath. FINI. Author's notes: This is just a small oneshot following on from my other story Of Falcons and Mûmakil . However, I'm already working on my next project and am hoping to be able to publish the first chapter towards the end of September. Many thanks to Lady Bluejay for checking this over for me!