folds of fabric around Minnah. "Elphir's father is quite well travelled too, though I doubt any who still dwell in Middle-earth have travelled as much as my husband." Arwen stood back to survey her handiwork. "I think a slightly fuller skirt should suit you better and wider sleeves. You will look beautiful, Minnah. Elphir should be well pleased with his bride." "I hope I can give my esteemed lord many sons," Minnah said, though she looked fearful at the prospect. "He has an heir. I am certain daughters would please him too," Arwen said reassuringly. "My honoured mother bore only daughters to my exalted father and lost his favour," Minnah said mournfully. "I am certain you will not lose Elphir's favour," said Arwen. "Will your kinsfolk be attending the wedding?" Minnah shook her head. "The esteemed Kha Khan, may he live a thousand years, has matters of state more important to attend to." "And your mother?" "The women in our land rarely travel and if they do so, then only with their husbands or fathers. The honoured ambassador, may he forever prosper, will take my father's place at the wedding. He is of my tribe and my kinsman." She suddenly burst into tears. "Alas, I will never see my mother or my sisters again!" A sorrowful look came into the Queen's eyes as she drew Minnah close. "My father was at my wedding, as were my grandparents and brothers, but my mother was far away. I shall never see her again until the breaking of the world. Do not despair, Minnah, your parting is not so final. Elphir might take you to visit your family one day." "I am sorry, my lady," Minnah sniffed. She rubbed her eyes on her sleeve. Arwen patted her shoulder. "There is nothing to be sorry for. You are very young and a stranger in a strange land, but I hope in time you will look upon me as your friend and you will gain a new family when you wed. I have gained far more than I lost through my marriage." "Already I see you as a friend, esteemed Lady Arwen." Now let us see, how the bodice of this gown should look," Arwen said briskly. "I think a square neckline should show off the pendant well, but not too low." 0000 The preparations for Minnah's wedding dress and trousseau continued apace. The next day, three of Arwen's seamstresses from the City arrived, bringing with them the materials that Arwen had requested. Three Elven seamstresses also arrived from Legolas' colony, and together with Arwen, and Éowyn's seamstress, they set to work with a will, cutting and pinning and stitching. Arwen decided to concentrate her efforts on the embroidery for the wedding gown as that was her especial skill. The three Elven seamstresses stitched the gown together while the other ladies worked on day dresses, a travelling dress, undergarments, and night gowns. It was a time- consuming task. Arwen was careful, though, not to neglect her son. She would tell Eldarion stories while he sat at her feet for part of each day while she sewed. Éowyn had plenty to occupy herself with and yet she felt oddly at a loss and left out. She had always heartily detested sewing and begrudged every hour spent learning it as a girl. Now the knowledge served her only when she needed to stitch a patient's wounds. She much preferred to leave the household's sewing needs in the capable hands of her seamstress and maids. Truth to tell, although she desired to look her best on state occasions, she saw dresses as being solely for warmth and decency. Although she and Arwen were close friends, where the feminine arts were concerned, they were complete opposites. Usually, they complemented one another with their different skills, but since Princess Minnah had arrived, Éowyn had felt oddly excluded. She only saw both Arwen and the Princess at mealtimes when they all dined together and even then, their talk was all of dresses. 000 The days passed until one day, a letter from Elphir was delivered to Princess Minnah. It arrived while the ladies were dining together. Minnah studied the seal with apprehension. "My esteemed lord has sent me a message? I hope he is not displeased with me." "It is our custom for betrothed couples to write to one another," said Éowyn. "Lord Faramir and I exchanged many letters before we were wed." "As did Estel and I," said Arwen. "Alas, although I can speak your tongue, honoured ladies, I cannot read or write it," said Minnah. "I will read it to you," said Arwen. She did not tell the Princess that she had written to Elphir to express her concerns about how young and afraid Minnah was. It seemed the Prince had sent a prompt response. She began to read the letter aloud; " My dear Minnah, It gladdens me to know you have arrived safely. I hope you are in good health and contented to dwell with my kin until our wedding day. I eagerly await your arrival. I long to show you our fair land with its beautiful beaches and cliffs. I long also to show you the castle of which you will be mistress and for you to meet my son. Have no fears of the wedding night, my dear one, I only desire our marriage to be complete once you are a little older and we have grown to know one another better. I look forward to riding through the streets of Dol Amroth with you after the ceremony and showing my beautiful bride to my people. In eager anticipation of your arrival, Elphir, son of Imrahil. Arwen had carefully watched Minnah's face as she read. The young Princess had let out a sigh of relief at Elphir's promise to get to know her better, but before the letter had finished she looked utterly woebegone. TBC Written for the Teitho "Opposites" Challenge where it was unplaced.