slipping the lid off the box, I sorted through the paper and promptly silenced, eyes growing round. Inside there was an antique ring, its silver band that criss-crossing and imitating ivy leaves. A jewel resembling a crystallized lily was centered at the top; diamonds were set all around it. Like my mother's eyes, the gleaming stones shone brightly and assuredly held all the colors of the world. "…Are they real?" I asked stupidly, and then realized how greedy I must have sounded. "I'm glad you asked," Dad said, peering from the ring, to me, and back. "It is very old, hundreds of years old. It was said to have come from a beautiful queen who crossed the seas, and when she died, the ring was forgotten. Pure silver and real diamonds." I gasped, placing the ring back into the box and leaning into my chair, surprised. "No way," I breathed, moving my head closer to examine it. "That's really…wow." Mom and Dad chuckled at my stupor, and were unprepared when I suddenly jumped up from the table and squished them both together in a gigantic hug. "Thank you so much!" I said in pure, uncontrollable joy. Mom smiled with those perfect, white, shiny teeth and rubbed my back. "I'm glad you like it," She said softly. "We are very grateful to you, Jolie." Dad said, smiling. "You deserve far more than this for being so helpful. We would do anything for you." I beamed and reached into the small box, extracted the ring, and placed it on my ring finger. A little small. I moved it to my index finger, which fit much better, and extended my hand slightly to gaze at it. I decided then and there that I would never take it off. The howling winter wind beckoned at my window as I curled up in my heavy down comforter and tried to sleep. Every scrape of a tree branch against the house and creak in the floorboards seemed to be amplified by a hundred, and I felt like a small child hearing monsters go "bump" in the night. Eventually, sleep overtook me and I lapsed into dreams of warm sea breezes and ageless sands. I awoke shivering at one in the morning, not to wind or mom's coughing, but to silence. This was odd, since mom usually coughed a lot off and on during the night and I would wake up to hear Dad comforting her until she stopped. But this time I heard nothing, and I never awoke in the middle of the night for nothing. Frowning, I quietly crawled out of bed and tiptoed into the hall bathroom, shutting the door gently and flipping the light switch on. For a startling moment, I thought I saw someone else's reflection in the mirror instead of mine – it looked like me, only aged and weathered down, cold and ashen. It looked like my mother. I jumped, and all that remained of the vision was my racing heart. Something was wrong. Eyes narrowed with concern, I opened the door and stepped out into the hall, intent on checking with my parents. As I reached their room, I felt a tug at my insides – a puppet master manipulating my nerves. I listened for movement. There was none, and I opened the door a crack. I saw my parent's sleeping forms, a slight smile on mom's face and contentment in dad's open eyes. Wait. Open eyes? Was he awake? If he was, he wasn't doing much. My anxiety grew as I slowly ventured over to my parent's bed, leaving the door halfway open. I peered down into mom's face. She looked fine, and I cautiously lifted a hand to her cheek. I recoiled sharply. Her skin was as cold as ice and gray, nearly blue. Checking her blankets to see if they had any holes, my eyes moved down to her chest region and watched it for a few seconds in a kind of contained horror. She was not breathing. Thoroughly shaken up, I put my ear next her mouth and listened for a breath. There was none. Quickly, I laid my head onto her chest to listen to the weak, yet steady rhythm of her heartbeat. I heard nothing. Panicking, I turned to dad, whose eyes were still wide open. "Dad, something's wrong," I whispered. A sick feeling came over me as I realized that he was not responding either. "Dad?" I moved to the other side of the bed and checked him over in the same way I had with mom. His hands were placed strangely; one hand reaching out to my mother, the other clutched almost dramatically to his heart. Had it been a heart attack? I slowly backed away from the scene, something so real it must have been concocted from a nightmare. My eyes watered with unshed tears as I placed my hand over my mouth, registering the entirety of the situation. I blinked, and a tear ran down my cheek. I squeezed my eyes shut. I'm a firm believer in the soul. The soul knows more than we could ever hope and the soul always, always watches. That is why I forced myself to look up at their cold, dead forms and whispered so as not to disturb them: "I love you." And then I rushed from the room, fearing I would be ill. NOTE : I hope no one thinks that I made major changes in this chapter, because boy, you won't be able to deal with the extreme makeovers I'll be doing with others! There are some sections I just want to re-do completely, and some chapters I might just leave out all together. Time will tell. As always, constructive criticism is welcomed and if anyone wants to see the original, just look up my old profile, Lil-Hellraiser, and there it shall be. Thank you for everyone for your patience! And don't forget to spread the word! I AM BACK!