will not take them." It broke his young heart to speak those words but he was serious. His father had not liked him going here, for a reason that Legolas didn't know. If he went back… if he ever went back to Thranduil he would most probably never be allowed back here again. Never see Rhovaron, Alagoryn… Rosse… Never feel at home. He would never to return to the loneliness he had felt. Not even for his mother's blades. It was as if that day he had made a decision. A choice between his Silvan and Sindarin heritage, a choice between his dead mother and his cold father, and it felt as if he had chosen right. He was happier one day spent under the trees than he had been a year spent under the palace's roof. He learned things he had never dared at his old home: To dance, to sing, to join the others, to start a game. He transformed slowly, carefully into a normal, happy child. A dark figure drew back into the shadows unnoticed, trying to catch his breath again, breathing past the painful lump in his throat… His arms stretched out hopelessly to the blond boy in the distance, wanting to hold him, hug him… tell him… His boy, his Legolas… So much like his mother that it hurt the elvenking to look at him, and yet so loved, so incredibly loved that it killed him not to. He retreated, deeper and deeper into the darkness. He had no right to be here. He had never made the boy happy. No, it was worse, much worse. He had not even realized the boy had not been happy. He had just thought his son was an extremely quiet, shy calm boy… until he had seen him with the Silvan. He had not even noticed… He felt he had lost all right to ever be the boy's father again. He knew he had lost his son forever and he knew he had to move on. Back at the palace there were propositions waiting to be approved, there were celebrations coming that protocol demanded he attend. But he could not. It was as if a large magnet was drawing him towards the Silvan camp. As if he only lived to see glimpses of his son, laughing, singing… It was such a beautiful sound. He always stayed hidden, not daring to interrupt Legolas' happiness, and at the same time yearning to put the boy into his arms, to close his arms around him… "What are you doing here?" a harsh voice interrupted his daydreams, and Thranduil was pulled out of his hiding place. A strong hand pushed the elvenking into the open space, into the arms of another elf, a dark haired one. "A spy." The world was spoken with disgust. Hands moved up to hold him, hurt him… More Silvan moved towards the spectacle. Thranduil was surrounded. "Look at his disguise!" one of the threatening faces suddenly broke into laughter. "Only plants around his head! As if we would ever have been fooled by that!" Thranduil shot the young elf a deadly glare. "That is my crown, fool," he spoke with dignity. "For I am Thranduil, king of this realm." "Thranduil is at the blessing of the summer-festival right now, spy." The tall dark-haired elf interrupted. "It's been tradition since his father came here. Why would the king of Mirkwood abandon a thousand-year-old tradition only to spy at his own people?" "Please…" Thranduil said while his thoughts raced through his head. The summer-festival? Was it time for the summer-festival already? How many days had he spent here..? "I... I just wanted to see my son." "LIAR!" Suddenly the elvenking was attacked with a ferocity he had not expected, a hopeless hatred directed at him, and he was too perplex to even raise his arms to defend himself, to even try to avoid any of the painful blows. "My father would never break tradition. NEVER! YOU ARE A LIAR!" He was attacked by more that just blows now. He could feel his son's nails scratch his face, his feet kick him to the ground and there was nothing he could do to defend himself. "MY FATHER HATES ME!" But that was more than Thranduil could take, and suddenly he snapped out of his stupor. " THAT IS NOT TRUE! " he snapped, catching his son's fists before they hit him again. "I LOVE YOU. I LOVE YOU MORE THAN ANYTHING IN THE WHOLE DAMN WORLD, LEGOLAS THRANDUILLION AND IF ANYONE EVER TOLD YOU OTHERWISE THAN THAT PERSON WAS INSANE!" He stopped, breathing heavily, not noticing any of the Silvan staring at him. All he saw at that moment was his son sitting on his knees in front of him, looking up with huge eyes. The mighty king knelt in front of him and pulled him into a hug. "Silly boy," he said as Legolas started crying. "Silly, silly boy," he repeated, stroking his child's back, pulling him close. "Of course I love you. I am sorry I didn't show it enough." There were tears in his own eyes now. "But I was hoping you could forgive me. And… and that maybe you could come with me… and maybe… spend some time… with me… in the palace. You don't have to… if... if you would rather stay… I… I…" Legolas looked up. He needed three long seconds to look into his father's eyes and determine if he was genuine. He needed seven more to convince himself that this was not a dream. And then, finally the decision was made. "Alagoryn?" he spoke, holding out his hands. His aunt nodded and placed the twins knives into her nephew's hands. "Good luck, Legolas," she said, and kissed his forehead. "And don't be a stranger." He grinned. "I could not even if I wanted to. I am the Silvan ambassador, remember? Travelling between you people and my father is my job." The end