in which you have come sits upon." Many years ago where it began with the forging of the Great Rings of power; Three were given to the Elves, Seven to the Dwarf Lords, and nine rings were gifted to the race of Men. There were also four gifted to a chosen few who guard the portal to other worlds. Now in time the men turned evil and turned to the dark lords bidding for the rings were poison, bane to all good in this world. The dwarf lords lost theirs in various ways. The Elvin rings were hidden away never touched by the hands of the dark lord Sauron. The four were given to me after the great battle when their owners were slain. Out of a pocket he pulled out a plain wooden box. This is where you four come into play, for only the guardian's of the rings might wear them. As the last prophesy of the last seer was that four would come to replace those fallen. From otherworld great, four young, four strong. Now," he opened the box. Inside the box lay three unornamented rings. One in a silver like metal that gleamed bright, one in a copper colored metal, one in gold and the other silver. "Their names are Yest, Elear, Ost, and Lol. Choose." He told not which was named what, or gave any other directions. Lex went first. Closing her eyes the others watched as a light came from the brighter silver one. Her hands reached down and picked it up. When her eyes opened; they were no longer green but pale opalescent silver like the ring. Sam went next. The ring that she chose was the last one in the row, the copper one. Again when the chooser opened their eyes they matched the ring. Shari went next and chose the gold one and her brother the silver one. "They have accepted you. The gray haired man said solemnly. "Alexia Rosa Yagovia, you have chosen Elear, the seer. Sammi Toledo Johnson, you have chosen Yest, the invoker. Shari Francis Landings, you have chosen Ost, the defender. And Dark Campbell Landings, you have chosen the sister ring to Ost, Lol the denier. You two will be known as the Oposers for if there is evil in the world you will oppose it. The seer as you may have already guessed sees the future. The invoker if you have not already guessed opens the portals or starts them." "Hold it." Sam jumped in, "You're saying I am at fault? And how did you know our names?" "I know many things, and yes in truth you were the one who opened the portal." He seemed to grow and tower over her. She shut her mouth and took a step back from the angry man. The rings are powerful. They will enhance your lives by tenfold. In that they are a blessing, but on others they are a curse. You yourselves may never cross another portal. You must remain in this world. You cannot go back to your own." His gray eyes assessed every one of them at this. Each looked back in shock. "What if we have responsibilities there? We have a little brother to raise!" Shari jumped in. "Our mom and dad are never home!" the gold eyes were hard on the old man. "Your brother will be well taken care of by your neighbors." The Lady said her voice calming the room. "No!" Shari yelled, "That's not good enough!" Dark wrapped an arm around his sister's shoulder his silver eyes hard. "I'm afraid that is all we can do." The man said. "Now the role you play in this world at times is small and at others is one of the most powerful depending on the age. The portals you open, and it requires at least three of you to do it, can be for other worlds, or short distances. To fetch objects or summons, it does not matter you will have to do all of them. The Lady Galadriel has given me leave to teach you." At this he motioned for them to sit once again at the table where numerous books now stood as if magically. "Those weren't there a minute ago." Lex said, "But such is the ways of wizards." She said this with out thought. "Yes, my name is Mithrandir, or what men call me, Gandalf the gray. I am a wizard and have been here for more then a hundred lives of men with that I have attained much knowledge and there fore am qualified to be your teacher." "School, great I thought we were out!" Dark said. "One never stops learning even when one is out of school." Sam chimed annoyingly. "Thank you Aristotle!" Dark hiss back. "My pleasure Einstein, any time." She winked as she sat in her chair. Shari and Lex watched this with amusement. "Sam," Lex added, "Watch his man ego, you know how easily they bruise." "Not as easily as her ass in basketball." Dark shot across the table; a smug look on his face when Sam's jaw dropped. "This is not the time!" Gandalf thundered. "Now open the texts in front of you to the first chapter. "Great, school!" Dark said again. "Redundant," Alexia said. List of elvish in this chapter Estolada sinome (camp here) but I meant it like stay here Mankoi naa lle sinome (why are you here) Manke naa llie tuulo? (Where are you all from?) Dina (be quiet) Tula (come) Quen (speak) Names of the four rings the ring of the seer -Elear vision the ring of the Invoker – Yest – to begin The rings of the opposers- Sailines- Ost - to defend Darks- Lol – to deny I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Please R&R! Flames are not welcome but constructive criticism is. Oh if any one would be so kind as to point out my mistakes with the elvish that would be a big help.