"Sam…" There's a pause in his voice, and I don't know if I want to hear the next words, the words he's trying to find that will confirm what I've just said. "You're right: you don't belong here. Go home." "You know, out there … the Wilds have no care for kings and princes: the untamed places of the world have no regard for birth or assumed titles. We all bleed, Sam. The only real difference is kings and princes are far more attractive to arrows." There's a smirk in his tone, but I can't find it in myself to react to it. He carries on regardless: "In the Wilds, we are equal-" "How can a gardener be equal to a warrior?" It's a hair away from being snappy, my tone, but it's too late, I can't rein it in. "How can I be anywhere near you? I can't fight! " There's a dull thud as he falls back against his chair and I hear him sigh, exasperated. I keep my eyes to the table. I'll leave for home in the morning, that's the best thing I can do… "Did you try to stop them?" "Pardon?" My eyes betray me and peer under my hands at my companion. Like me, he's ignoring his bowl of cobbler, his concentration instead on me. I'm being given a deadpan stare, and despite myself, I feel my innards crawl with discomfort. It's like havin' the weight of the world dumped on my head. The elf prince reiterates with deliberate care, emphasising each word: "Did you try to stop the Wraiths from attaching Frodo?" Defensiveness bolts into me and shoves aside my misery. "Of course I did!" And don't I remember it: us hobbits against towers of black strength that seemed to eat the very heart of you with their presence. I remember my fear spurring me to attack, and how useless that was when I was swept aside like a leaf caught in a broom. "Not that I was any use…" "Then why did you bother to try, if you knew there was nothing you could do? A hobbit gardener, against the darkest servants of Mordor?" The unexpected turn of his question paralyses me: it delivers a cold bite and I'm stunned by it. I feel betrayed. "I … I couldn't just - leave Frodo to them!" My tongue's tripping as I strain to defend myself. "He's my friend! You don't abandon your friends…" But my words melt and I'm done, and there's shame coiling in my belly at my foolishness - But he smiles at me, a proper gleaming smile and he sits forward again. All the gravity is gone from his eyes, like smoke in the wind. It's such an unexpected change that my hands lower themselves to the table top, the spilt flour and tacky pieces of apple sticking to my palms. My mind's gone numb and all I can do is stare at him, at the elf prince who's confused me more in the last half-minute than I've ever been in my entire life. "Skill at arms is worth nothing without true strength, Sam, and it seems to me that you have that in abundance." A fresh burn flares over my ears, and I know the colour they must be. It's in my cheeks too. It's not shame, not this time, but embarrassment, and that's enough to make my face go hotter . I must be the shade of a ripe raspberry by now, but he doesn't seem to care. He blanks my reaction like he's not noticed – he's real good at that – and his spoon's back in his hand as he says: "I would rather feel those who escort the Ring to the gates of Mordor know their hearts over their weapons. You can be taught swordsmanship, Sam, but I am sure Frodo would sooner have his friend at his side than an entire army." And that's it: he sees himself as finished with me and leaves me to my embarrassment, as he finally returns his full attention to the bowl in front of him. Lookin' at it now, it looks right messy – sticky slop, as my Gaffer calls it - and he's giving it a real thorough inspection before his spoon even touches it… "Sorry it's such a mess: I know it ain't anythin' as like you're used to-" "Sam." There's a note of exasperation and I'm given a look that's right peculiar: a smirk and – and this one I find right surprisin' – just the slightest hint of a cringe. "I feel we need to reintroduce ourselves." Before I can do anything with my need to apologise – again - he's on his feet, and to my complete surprise he bows to me after the elven way, his hand extending from his heart in a graceful sweep. "Mae govannen. I am Legolas, an archer of the Woodland Realm." And that's it. He gives nothing more of himself, and I realise that what he has given is all he wants to offer. I've a feelin' that had that Lord Aysfell not showed up, he'd never have said who he was. There's no desire there to be seen as anything other than what he's shown me, and while I never expected it, I find myself grateful as I stand in my chair and bow to him as us hobbits do, legs straight and upper body pitching low. "Samwise Gamgee of Hobbiton, at your service, sir." When we both sit back down again, I'm given an easy smile, one that's relaxed and even a touch relieved, and I can say that the grin I give back reflects it as I take up my spoon again… We both know about the apples. We both know about the apple peel on my face … and I know he's a prince, and he knows I'm a gardener. And that's alright, because we're both just apple thieves in the end.