you what you have done with your life, and all you will be able to say is that you watched it !" He stopped, for his sobs made it impossible to go on. When he continued his voice had changed. "All I'm asking for is an arrow. I'm not asking you to shoot, or to stop watching, all I want is an arrow to save my friend. Please. Please. " On his left side, John II was still shouting for Aragorn's death, and right before him, too far for him to reach, Aragorn was fighting for his life. But all the people that stood between them just stared at him, Legolas Thranduillion, and just watched how he fell to his knees in pain. He gave up; they wouldn't help him. All was lost. He hid his face in his hands and wept. He didn't move until something was placed into his lap. Something sharp, with feathers. An arrow. As he looked up he noticed an old soldier looking down on him. "You are right, boy. All I ever did was watch. Watch or worse. I didn't resist until now, when it is already too late, when the people I care about are beyond saving, and I have nothing left to lose. But you still have, son. Now, save your friend." Legolas didn't waste time with thanking the man, instead he sprang to his feet, and, ignoring all pain and weariness he felt once more, he shot the man fighting Aragorn. And despite the fact that men were Illuvatar's second born, it felt just like shooting orcs. Aragorn hadn't heard much of Legolas speech; he had been too busy fighting for his life, but he did notice the effect it had on the crowd around him. The people were no longer simply staring; they were shifting restlessly, looking from each other, to Prince John, to the soldiers, and back at each other. It was almost as if they realized for the first time that they didn't have to let everything just happen to them. That they could do something about it. Even if it was just a small thing, like giving the right person the right amount of arrows at the right time. John II was still screaming, but no one was listening to the prince. The people were talking amongst themselves, eyeing the soldiers. And when one of them yelled: "For Freedom!" the crowd was set in motion, and everything happened at once. Aragorn had lost all track of Legolas in the riot began, but he knew the elf was still alive somewhere, because every now and then one of the men he fought would suddenly drop dead in an instance, an arrow sticking out of his back. But when he glanced in the direction of the arrow the elf had already moved out of sight again, fighting his own battles in the chaos. It was hard to tell who to fight, as some of the soldiers had joined the uprising and others resisted and chose to stay loyal to their prince. Aragorn did his best to organize the peasants, shouting orders to all that would listen. And somehow… somehow they were winning. What had started as a riot became a revolution. The palace was taken, although the prince had managed to escape, and the prisoners were released from the dungeons. Aragorn spotted Little John amongst the returning fighters, and caught glimpses of Tuck and Allan of Dale. And suddenly, as quickly as it had started, the fight was over; there were no soldiers left to fight. Aragorn moved through the crowd, helping where he could. The ranger found Deacon the Miller amongst the released prisoners, and Will Scarlet amongst the dead. But he didn't see the person he wanted to see most. It was as if the elf had disappeared from the face of the earth. At the beginning of the riot, someone had handed him a quiver full of arrows, and Legolas had shot his bow until the quiver was empty. His shoulders hurt more than he should have been able to handle, but he ignored all pain. He shot to keep Aragorn alive, and that was all that mattered. If he just focused upon saving his friend, he could handle all pain, he could fight for as long as was needed, never even noticing his body's pleas for attention. But then, he had run into prince John. When Aragon finally found Legolas, his first thoughts were the elf was dead. Legolas lay motionless in a pool of blood, somewhere in a dark corner, as if someone had thrown the elf away like useless garbage. But somehow the elf was still breathing, and even able to smile at him. Aragorn smiled back, tears in his eyes. "There you are, mellon-nin. There you are." Aragorn said, his voice hoarse. Legolas grinned. "Knew... you'd find...me" he managed to say. "I'm glad you are coming with me." Legolas spoke to his friend. The elf was still limping slightly, and he moved his shoulders as little as possible, but he would soon be up to par again. Aragorn shrugged. "It is time to go home, I guess. We did what we could. Now it is up to them to make their own happy ending. " He fell silent for a while. "It will be hard though; without a real leader. What they actually need is a king. Not someone like prince John... but a real prince. Someone like... a human version of you, maybe. I wish there was any hope of that happening." Legolas chuckled. "Estel, they don't need a prince. They have a king already. A good, brave, and just king. And someday, sooner or later he will come back and claim his kingdom." "Or he will stay a ranger forever." Aragorn countered, knowing exactly who Legolas was referring to. Legolas shook his head. "No, Estel. Someday, their king will return. And we will all live happily ever after." The End