her eyes fixed on mine the whole time. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Baggins. Pleased to meet you," she sounded ashamed and she blushed in embarrassment. She turned back to Elrond, "And are you Elrond, son of Earenedil?" Elrond nodded, and she bowed to him. "You are sailing to the Grey Havens, aren't you?" she asked quietly, "I heard that you were. I heard that Frodo Baggins was leaving with his uncle and the honorable Elrond," she made another slight bow in his direction, "and Lady Galadriel and the great wizard Gandalf were rumored to be leaving also." I looked up at Gandalf and Galadriel at the front of the ship. They were no longer talking, but eying Camelia. They seemed to be drinking in every word she uttered. "Excuse me for my rudeness," Camelia said again, respect leaking from her words. Yet, even now, she seemed to radiate confidence. "I will have to find a different way." She made as if to dismount from the boat. No one moved or said a word, and no sound could be heard except Bilbo's continued unidentifiable humming. Just as she was about to jump off the ship, I found my voice. "Wait!" I yelled. Every head snapped in my direction; Camelia on the brink of jumping. I turned to her and lifted my head higher. "How can you go? You do not know the way." She stared at me and I had the feeling that she was thinking fast. "No, but I expect I shall find someone-" "No," Gandalf said from the front, "Frodo's right. We cannot abandon this girl. Not when she has been brave enough to come this far." I seemed to know what Gandalf was going to say before he said it. "No more can we take her to the Shire," he said. "What are you saying, Gandalf?" asked Elrond slowly. But Gandalf was not looking at Elrond. His eyes were locked on Camelia, who stepped away from the edge of the ship. "My people are the only ones I need," Camelia said, "We have all seen what Hobbits can do. What only Hobbits can do. " "Yes," mused Gandalf, "But this is not the same. You may be stout of heart, but that will not always save you. Especially if it should come to battle." "What other choice do I have?" Camelia asked. Her voice was strong, but now fear seemed to mix with her confidence. "We will go with you to your country, wherever it is. And we will help you in every way we can, gathering an army if need be." I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Neither, apparently, could Elrond. "What are you saying, Gandalf?" he said. Gandalf broke his gaze with Camelia to reply. "We cannot let her people suffer. We have no right to run away when there is still a war to be fought." "That is for someone else to deal with," Elrond said harshly, "Our time is over here. It is time to move on, Gandalf." he began pacing on the small ship, his long robes billowing around him as the breeze picked up. "We can not abandon those in need, Elrond. Surely, you know that. There will be another time-" "This is the time. There is no other time," Elrond said, stopping his pacing to glare at Gandalf, "it is up to King Aragorn to deal with his people, not us." "Yes, and a lot of time he will have, too, with a kingdom to run," Gandalf said, his voice full of sarcasm. Elrond resumed his restless pacing. "If her story is true, this cannot be ignored. Aragorn with have to act. It will be his job to supply an army, if it comes to it." Gandalf shook his head in indignation. Camelia and I watched transfixed as they argued. I wasn't entirely sure myself who I wanted to prevail. Gandalf did have a point; it seemed churlish to leave at a time of great need. However, I agreed with Elrond; we had done our tasks and it was someone else's turn. I didn't think I could face another war, not after everything I had been through. "Where is this country?" Gandalf asked Camelia. "Over the Mountain of Loom, west of the Misty Mountains," said Camelia stoutly. She seemed more willing to tell us now that she knew who we were, "I can show you the way, if you'll follow me." Gandalf still looked slightly dubious. "And how did a whole country of Hobbits get so very far away from Hobbiton?" he asked. Camelia smiled, almost knowingly. "So it's true," Camelia said softly, "You don't know. You never heard how it happened." "No…" said Gandalf, one of his bushy eyebrows raising skeptically. "What is it you speak of?" "We were banished," Camelia said bluntly, "hundreds of years ago." I stared at her. I had never heard of such a thing. I couldn't imagine any Hobbits banishing anyone. Why would they need you? Elrond seemed to have heard enough. "Come now, Gandalf," he said, again halting his pacing, "Do you really believe this? Don't you think we would have heard if this had happened?" "Maybe," Gandalf mused slowly, "but since when have most big folk concerned themselves with the likes of Hobbits?" "Still," I said quietly, "I would think us Shirefolk should know about it at least." "You wouldn't" Camelia said quickly, "My father said it was very covered up in your parts." "She could be a spy," Elrond interjected. "A Hobbit spy?" said Gandalf. "Stranger things have happened," Elrond snapped. "I don't think so," Gandalf said dismissively. He turned back to Camelia, "How long did it take you to get here?" he asked kindly. "About a month," she said without hesitation, "But I may be quicker than most." "That's settled then," said Gandalf with a smile. Elrond looked incensed. He stared at Gandalf exasperatedly. But I could see the resignation in his eyes, and I knew that Gandalf had won.