a box the length of her forearm. "And I do believe you'll find it useful, in light of the reports my father received recently, regarding the movements of orcs along the border." Lothíriel disregarded her former sedate pace and tore the box open. She sat, trembling, as she looked at its contents, and her brothers regarded her curiously. "This is an Arnorian blade," she said reverently, hardly daring to lift it out of the box. It was a long, leaf-shaped dagger, damasked with serpent-forms in red and gold, resting inside a sheath of black metal, set with small red gemstones. "Made by the Dúnedain," Faramir agreed, smiling proudly. "I found it at the back of one of the old armories, underneath a pile of melted-down scrap metal. Whatever gift it has been endowed with, it did not burn." "They say these blades are wound with spells for the bane of Mordor," Lothíriel whispered, drawing it cautiously. The blade was twice as long as her handspan was wide, with a cylindrical hilt inlaid with gold wire and red stones. Along the blade, Sindarin script arced and curled. "Foe of the great-fear," she read, tracing the letters. "Faramir, if you ever wish my life, you may have it, for this alone." Faramir chuckled, ruffling her hair. "I am glad it pleases you, cousin," he said fondly. "Now, I believe Boromir has yet to offer his gifts." "Amrothos may go first, but only because I wish to give Lothíriel her present after all her other presents have been given," Boromir announced. "Amrothos, I do not bear your gift with me. Rather, when we return home, you will find, in your stables, the black stallion you so admired when last you visited Minas Tirith." Amrothos' face reflected shock and delight, and Lothíriel laughed to see it. "May I give Amrothos his gift?" she interjected, breaking Amrothos' silent shock. She passed him the smallest box that had yet been given, blushing slightly. "I apologize for its size, and if it is not pleasing to you, I will find something better, I promise." Amrothos opened the box, bemused, finding an intricately woven ring of gold wire and tiny seed-pearls. "Those times you caught me sneaking out early in the morning—I was coming here, to harvest the oysters, and make you this." "It's perfect, onóre," Amrothos insisted earnestly. "I'll never take it off." He slipped it out of its wrapping, placing it on his finger then and there. "And this is for you. Close your eyes and hold out both hands." "If you so much as think about putting a frog in them—" she warned, complying. Amrothos chuckled, and she felt the soft rub of leather against her forearms and wrists, tightening until they fit well. She opened her eyes, glancing down and smiling back up at him immediately. "Did you make these?" 'These' were a pair of handworked leather armguards, stamped with silver vines from wrist to elbow. Silver buckles held them in place, each one embossed with the crest of Dol Amroth. Amrothos looked at her, and her smile broadened. He grinned in reply, raising one eyebrow, and she nodded. "I feel so foolish when they speak without talking aloud," Faramir whispered, leaning toward Elphir. Elphir merely chuckled, shaking his head. "You become accustomed to it after a time," Erchirion admitted. "It comes of their being the youngest of the family, I suppose—she and Amrothos have always been especially close." Lothíriel rose to fasten the sheath of her new dagger to her belt, and Boromir turned to face her. "There's one last present, mallos," he reminded her, holding the small box he'd been toying with all afternoon. Half-rising from his seated position, he bore his weight on one knee and held out the box. "We have been pledged by our fathers since you were less than half as old as you are now, but it is you I wish to ask now." He opened the box, revealing a lacy silver band set with a star sapphire of purest blue. "Lothíriel Mithelessa, Swan Princess of Dol Amroth, will you grant me the honor of becoming my wife?" Lothíriel held out one shaking hand, looking straight into his eyes. "There is nothing in the world I would be happier to do, laire," she replied, voice trembling. Boromir smiled up at her, slipping the ring over her fourth finger and kissing the back of her hand. "It will be an honor and a pleasure, mallos," Boromir said, rising without letting go of her hand. "We should return soon," Elphir announced finally, beginning to pack the empty dishes into the basket. "Perhaps wear something more formal for dinner?" Lothíriel giggled, looking down at her still-dripping dress and the blanket she wore over it. Erchirion passed her the box containing her new bow, which she tucked under her free arm. Boromir took the tablecloth as Amrothos picked up his gifts, leading the way back up the cliff. A/N: Hello! My first story here is officially underway, and I'm very excited. I'm always open to reviews (unless they're flames or trolls) and PMs, so feel free to chat anytime. Hope you enjoy! Words to Note: So I've included some Quenya words in here, but only because Dol Amroth was rumored to have Elven blood in the line. I assumed that after spending time around their cousins, Boromir and Faramir would pick up on a few words as well. The words used are mostly terms of endearment. Mallos: a golden flower that grows on the plains and mountains of Gondor Laire: summer Onóre: sister Finally, I had planned to mess with Tolkien's world (sacrilege, I know) and make Amrothos and Lothíriel twins, but I decided not to do that—I just gave them the same birthday. Other than that, everything is canon—ages, names, etc. Also, here are the links to the blends I created of my characters and Tolkien's—just you have an idea of what I was thinking of when I wrote them.