us survived. Saved us all." Again blunt but this time with a certain amount of awe. "We did not know he was injured until our return." "Thank you." Eomer awoke three days later in time to attend the farewell feast and the honoring of those that lived. It was lively as all Edoras celebrated the lives of those lost. He tried not to think of the men that he had traveled with for so many months. It was hard though for as hardy as the Eorlingas were he still saw tears from the members of their families that had joined the feast. He watched as they celebrated their triumph and sort comfort for their loss. And he wished for comfort of his own. He had not seen Lothiriel since he awoke, except across the room where she commanded the servants on how best to manage the feast. She made all feel welcome and consoled those who had lost loved ones. She had a kind word for all present. Except him. He was sure she was avoiding him. She had not even so much as looked his way since she had entered the room and he wondered if she blamed him for the loss of life as much as he blamed himself. He was the reason they had traveled to Ithilien, it was his worry for Eowyn that had caused them to go. She was unwell but she had assured him she was fine. He had not believed her. Wishing to make sure that both she and the babe were well he had made the trip despite his council telling him it was unnecessary. It was only after he had seen the child safely into the world that he had allowed himself to believe. It had been such a wonderful sight. Now all of that was tainted by the death of others children, grown though they may have been. He would not begrudge Lothiriel her anger, he was not one to shy away from taking responsibility. Thought the feast continued on well into the night, Eomer found himself unable to stay, not yet being up to long hours on his feet. He returned to his chambers to find them empty. He was not surprised. In the days of his recovery he had taken the bed and he knew that such a lady would not sleep on a cot as he had. In fact he was surprised that she had not retired to another room since taking on the running of the Golden Hall. Then he supposed he had never given her the option, secretly not wanting lose he presence in his rooms if not his bed, though he would not have stopped her had she tried. It did not matter now, it was done. Guilt weighed heavily on him. He had forced her into so much already it was no wonder that this trip was the final straw. It was no wonder that she would not even look at him. He was tired now, his injuries reminding him that he was not yet recovered but he could not yet force himself to bed…. Her bed. So he went instead to sit by the fire, hoping that he could force his mind elsewhere. He was so lost in thought that when the sound of the door opening reached him he leapt to his feet. The dangers of the last week still fresh in his mind. It took him so long to calm his breathing upon finding that it was only his wife that he did not realize that her own was accelerated for an entirely different reason. She was angry. "How could you?" He was unsurprised at her anger but it did not stop the hurt for being right. "All those men, dead! So many injured and you, their King.." She looked as though she would cry now and it made him feel guiltier than before. "You just pretended nothing was wrong." "I am sorry. I know that it is not enough but I am sorry…" He tried to fight down the pain of what had happened. He had seen men die before but it had never been so entirely his fault, never under his command. "So you should be!" Her little hands were balled into fists now as she took an enraged step toward him. "These people rely on you and ….. and you could have died." All the fight seemed to leave her and she collapsed as she began to weep. He did not understand. She wept for him? Surely not. But then she lifted her head from where she now sat upon the floor, a tumble of vibrant red gown and glossy black hair and grasped his hand. "Please.. please do not.. I cannot live without you." She could not believe that she had behaved in such a way, that she had allowed him to see so fully but then he kneeled beside her with such a look in his eye that her weeping began anew. "I'll not allow it." She felt his arms wrap around her and the whisper of affection in her ear and she could not bring herself to lament her breakdown. She had not guessed what was behind his shy glances or the almost overbearing care he took with her just as perhaps he had not guessed what was behind her determined care of the Hall and one of its particular inhabitants. The following spring they expected a new arrival to the Golden Hall and the people rejoiced. The harvest that year had been so plentiful that the people no longer feared for their future and the winter passed with ease. King Eomer came into his own and the old court of Theoden was renewed in favor of less traditional men. Under his wife's tender care the people of Rohan prospered and none could deny that they were fair with all they did. Nor could it be denied that they were very much in love.