the main figure. 'I'll be Gandalf,' said Gimli, 'and he'll die, so we don't have to have a nonentity in this fellowship anymore.' Legolas did not quite understand how this was supposed to work. Dwarf logic did not make any sense to his elvish brain. 'Gandaaaallllllfffff!' yelled Frodo at the top of his lungs, happy to have a line to say. Aragorn dragged him away. 'Give them a moment, for pity's sake!' said Boromir, trying (and failing) to look sad and angsty. 'You lie down like this,' Frodo instructed Pippin, 'and I'll be Merry and try to comfort you. Oh, wait, no, I have to go wander off, don't I?' He therefore did, and was rather annoyed when no one noticed for a long time. 'Legolas!' called Aragorn to said elf, who was gazing off angstily and fabulously into the distance. 'Get them up! On your feet, Sam,' he continued to no visible being. Legolas kindly pulled Pippin to his feet, since Merry wasn't there to help him, and Pip was getting cold in the snow. 'Frodo,' Aragorn called finally. 'Frodo!' 'Where do we go now?' asked Gimli. 'Lothlorien, isn't it?' They set out at a run, Legolas leggy-dancing all the way, for Lothlorien. Gimli began to make his speech about the Lady of the Wood, stuttering and repeating himself the entire time, since he couldn't remember how it went, while Legolas spun around several times, trying to draw an arrow from the quiver, which was too short for him. He at last obtained one, but then the shaft kept swinging away from the bow. And it was rather too small for him; so he could not pull the string back as far as he should have. At last his weapon was adjusted and he sneaked off, not very surreptitiously, behind a tree trunk. Gimli reached the end of his speech and Legolas jumped out in front of him. 'The Dwarf breathes so loud I could have shot him in the dark,' he said, pointing his weapon at Gimli. 'That's Haldir's line!' someone protested. 'I am Haldir,' said Legolas. Gimli swung his axe dangerously at Haldir, hitting him in the hand. Haldir began to howl and jump around in the snow, holding his injured member. 'Oooh, ooh, ooh,' wailed Haldir/Legolas. 'I wish that had happened in the movie,' said Boromir admiringly. 'Now we have to go see Galadriel,' said Legolas, having switched out of Haldir, and recovered of Haldir's injury. 'No, wait, Strider, you're supposed to talk to Haldir in elvish.' 'I don't want to talk to Haldir,' said Aragorn. 'I'm cold. I'm going home.' 'We have to follow Aragorn,' said someone. The entire fellowship followed Aragorn out of Lothlorien and back towards Rivendell. 'You're going to take us all the way back to Rivendell, just so you can hang out with your girlfriend,' grumbled Legolas, not without noticing the humour of the situation. 'Nazgul!' Frodo screamed, seeing Aragorn (who was dressed all in black) and reenacting the scene where Frodo runs from the Black Riders. Legolas obligingly shot the Nazgul/Aragorn. 'You can't shoot a Nazgul,' said the Nazgul/Aragorn. 'I'm cold,' said people. 'We have to do Boromir's death scene,' insisted Frodo. Boromir didn't like that idea. A mysterious car mysteriously made its way down the road and honked. 'You shall not pass!' yelled Gimli. 'Go put something warmer on!' said the person in the car. (Was it Elrond?) 'You're missing an arrow,' said Aragorn to Legolas. Legolas screamed and almost fainted dead away. 'You lost my arrow!' cried Pippin, to whom the bow and arrows actually belonged. 'I must go back and find it,' said Legolas, slightly depressed. He wandered off to go look for it. 'I'm going to Rivendell,' Frodo announced. 'I'm cold. My knees are cold. I have a hole in my boot.' 'You do?' asked Boromir in surprise. 'You should change it.' '-_-' said Frodo. 'It wants to be found,' said Aragorn, picking up Frodo's canteen. 'This is exactly like mine,' said Frodo, amazed. 'It's because it is yours,' said Bilbo (who Aragorn miraculously turned into for the moment). 'Don't you see? We're going around in circles...' 'It's cold,' said people. 'Did you find it?' asked all, as Legolas came whimpering back. 'No,' he said. Everyone felt very bad, because it was Legolas' favourite set of plunger arrows he'd gotten from Thranduil last Christmas. Pippin was saddest of all because it was really his favourite set of plunger arrows that he'd gotten from Legolas for Christmas. Legolas went back to Lothlorien while Pippin went back up Caradhras to look for the missing arrow. Boromir and Aragorn eventually felt sorry for both members of the fellowship and went with them to help look. Predictably, Aragorn with his ranger skills retrieved the arrow in the end. 'How did your elf eyes not see that?' Aragorn asked Legolas. 'Um...' said Legolas in embarrassment. 'Let's go,' said Aragorn. 'Where are you taking us?' asked Pippin. 'To Rivendell,' said Aragorn. 'I'm through with this craziness,' he was thinking. 'Yay!' said everyone. 'Let's go watch RotK!' 'Um, one thing, guys,' said Frodo. 'We forgot to destroy the Ring.' The End *Trololo: Have you seen the Trololo music video of Saruman singing down the mountain? YOU HAVE TO SEE IT. It's hilarious. Warning: it will scar you for life. After this, of course we wanted to cosplay while we watched The Return of the King. Some of us did, some of us didn't. Since I didn't look anything like Frodo, I switched to Lindir :) :) (who I actually kind of look like O.o). I think overall, Legolas wins the prize for best cosplay. OSFA looked so much like him (at least from the back) it was funny. Although everyone looked really good...except for Lily/Frodo… . - For the record, that is a line Leggy put in. D:{ And Gimli says Leggy looks like Tauriel. I am sure I will be horribly ashamed of this story tomorrow and delete it. -_- Oh well.