The blood from my wounds will ruin the carpet, but I cannot get up. My body has failed me. This battle is over. I have failed. And all I wanted was to save Ada. I have won the battle and yet I am on the floor as if one defeated. Fighting might seem difficult to you now, but in the end it is very simple. The one lying on the ground afterwards is the one who has lost. I smile as I remember Glorfindel trying to teach the two little rascals we were back then to keep our balance. I remember that Elrohir was somehow always slightly better at it, and how much it frustrated me. How I wish now that he had been even better. I wish now he had learned to fight so well that not even an army of a thousand orcs could hurt him, and none of this would have happened. I was crazy to be so jealous. The stain I am making on the carpet is slowly getting bigger, and I fear Ada will have to replace it if he gets back. I had no idea there was so much blood left in my body to ruin the floor with. Haven't I lost too much of it already? I wish I could get up. The armour I am wearing is too heavy on my chest. I can't breathe. Valar I can't breathe. What is this? I can see the liquid flowing under the door, the stain on the carpet gets bigger and bigger. I thought it was wine before, I thought someone had dropped a glass red wine… Deep red wine…almost too thick to drink.. It can not be… It is not… I don't think I have ever moved this fast. It takes me less than a second to get up and move to the other side of the door. A blink of the eye. But who cares? Ro is hurt. He is not breathing. Valar he is not breathing. If I had had breath to laugh I would have. He would have scared me to death the way he suddenly opened that door, if I had not been dying anyway. That was not running Dan did. That was flying. Oh Valar if I think my brother flew I must be in a pretty bad shape. I was crazy to think I could fight. My cursed hands race over the cursed clasps of my brother's cursed armour, but they shake too much. Ro has to get out of this stupid armour now and all my stupid hands can do is shake! Stop shaking! Stop it! If I don't get him out of this armour… if I don't… No! That will not happen. I must concentrate. I will get my brother out of this armour. My hands will stop shaking. Now. Oh Ro, why did you have to be so stubborn and put this cursed thing on in the first place? I knew you were bleeding; you borrowed every dark shirt I owned and you changed way too much. And even if I had not known it, don't you think wearing stupid, cursed armour is suspicious? Are you insane somehow? Why would you wear it a day before battle, on our own grounds if not to hide your wounds? And why did you have to fasten every cursed clasp! Seven more. Valar please... Six… Valar if he dies… Five... Please don't let him die Four… Make him breathe again Three… There is room to breathe now Ro, you have room to breathe now. Two… I gave you space to breathe Ro! You can breathe! One. Breathe, Ro! BREATHE! Air. Sweet Air. Sweet Perfect Air. You never really notice how wonderful it is until it suddenly disappears. Breathe. Breath. I have to catch my breath. I have to say something. I have to… "Dan…" "Ro" I want to say more. I want to be angry with you and tell you to never do that again. I want to rip you to pieces for scaring me that way. I want to hug you so close, but that will rob you of the air you need so much, so I won't. I want to scream, I want to cry, I want to dance around the house. I wish you could come with me when I leave tonight. "Dan I… I can't fight." I know. I know you can't, my brother. I tried to tell you. Don't cry. It doesn't matter. Don't you remember? You don't have to. I am your second, Ro. If you can't fight anymore I will take over. "Don't cry, little brother. We have not yet lost.." We have not yet lost. We have not yet lost. It feels like that has been all I have been thinking since Dan left. We have not yet lost. As if repetition of that sentence will make it true somehow. We have not yet lost. My wounds have healed while I stayed home and stared out of the window, waiting for his return. Well not healed, but healed enough. We have not yet lost. I am as much his second as he is mine. If he does not come back soon, I shall have to take over the fight again. We have not yet lost. Dan, where are you? Almost home. Just this hill and I will be able to see it. Just this mountain and we will be safe. I look at Ada and Estel next to me. Both bloody, but both are grinning. We saved Ada. We won. Ro, we won your battle. I am pushing them hard, I know. I should allow them to rest, as I should allow myself to rest. I am not free of wounds though I will never tell them. I guess I will just drop down in front of Elrohir for a change. See how he likes it. Tomorrow. No… We can ride faster… We will reach home tonight. The End