said. "Legolas and I started a friendly archery competition and we did not see the time." "Laineryn, how many times did I tell you to address the Prince properly when you speak of him?" her father scolded. "There is no need for such formality, captain," Legolas intervened. "Laineryn and I have been friends for many years now." "I understand your point, my lord, but there will be a time when Laineryn will become either a warden of the royal guard or a lady of the court and such familiarity will be accepted no longer. She must learn to behave accordingly." Legolas watched Laineryn's reaction at her father's words and he was not surprised to see her fists clench. Húrdir had always had great expectations for his daughter, and even if the prince would never doubt the love he had for her, his friends did not appreciate to be reprimanded in front of other. She had her pride, something she took after Húrdir, pride that had the tendency to flare at very inappropriate moments. "I am sorry, ernil nín ," she said to him. Legolas felt the sudden urge to take her hand to comfort her but restrained himself, he did not want to take part to the dispute between his friend and the king's captain, it was not his place. Laineryn and Húrdir stared at each other, both their eyes defiant, before the young elleth bowed her head in resignation. Her father gestured for her to bid her friends goodnight and once it had been done, they both turned around to enter the palace. Legolas, Gwaerenor and Ferdir exchanged looks, and the later shrugged. The king's son looked back in the direction his friend had disappeared and thought how he was not looking forward to growing up; he loved to much their escapes in the forest, their friendly banters and the carelessness of their youth. They would soon have responsibilities, though, so he would have to enjoy the years to come as much as he could. oOo Fear pulses through him like a second heartbeat, flowing in his veins and paralysing his senses. His mind knows that he is in the middle of a battlefield and that any second of distraction can be fatal to him. But he cannot seem to process what is happening or force his body to move. "Legolas, behind you!" The warning brings him back to reality, and he has just the time to duck and avoid the arrow aimed at his head. He turns back and grabs one of the smaller daggers hidden in one of his pockets, before sending it flying in the orc's direction. It hits its target between the eyes, and the creature falls, stone dead. Other orcs are coming his way, and he can do nothing but fighting back; his body moves on instinct, his blows are still deadly, but his mind is elsewhere. The only coherent thought he can form is that he has to reach the elleth who cried with such agony. He must go. The orcs must have felt their end is coming because they launch themselves in a last attempt to defeat the elves. Their assaults are more violent, quicker and messier, but the arrow they shoot, the blows of their swords or their fists are not less brutal. The last of them are fiercely fighting for their lives, and Legolas and the remaining members of his patrol have to be careful and swift. When the last orc is slain and its body hits the ground, a deadly silence falls on the meadow. The nightbirds have stopped singing long ago, but neither the wind in the trees nor the sound of rain can be heard. Legolas does not know if the silence comes from the blood still rushing in his ears, the chock of the battle or the numbness of his senses now that he no longer has to focus on fighting. But sounds come back eventually, and he can distinct the complains of wounded elves, groans and himpering of pain and the rapid sylven dialect spoken by those who are still standing and who comes to help their conrads. He reacts quickly after that, remembering the urgency of the situation. He scans the scene, and the spectacle is horrific; bodies lie strewn the ground, of both orcs and elves. The former are all dead, various types of weapons sticking out of their carcass at random angles. Legolas feels a certain satisfaction at the sight; as his cousin Gwaerenor would say: "a good orc is a dead orc " and the ellon could not agree more. They will have to burn all the corpses and this morbid pyre would let a indelible trace on the meadow. Legolas looks down and sees that his feet are wading in a mix of mud, torn grass, dead leaves, guts and blood. Out of the blue, his mind conveys the memory of the golden light of Anor bathing a green meadow, of two elves enjoying a lazy day in the middle of white and yellow flowers... The contrast with his current condition is so uncanny that it is almost absurd. He is not sure this meadow is the one of his memory, but he used to visit this kind of place with... His head snaps back as he frantically search the place. After what seem like hours, he eventually sees the one he his looking for. And the sight is more terrific than what his worst nightmares and fears could have conveyed. Bile raises to his throat and he has to stop himself from looking away. oOo Translations: Ithil: the moon Gwaerenor: windyman Ferdir: hunter Agorel vê, heryn vill(formal) : you did well, my lady Ant lîn vîr mi 'ûr nîn. Le fêl, hîr vuin (formal):I shall treasure your gift in my heart. I thank you, my lord. Mellon nín: my friend Ernil nín: my prince Eryn Galen: Greenwood Laineryn: free woods Anor: the sun Hurdír: ready for action Adar: father