designated for them, as well as for the remainder of the Fellowship that yet lingered in Middle-earth. Legolas' room was scarcely used, and the bed even less, but Gimli, in his search for a bed, was known to situate himself wherever he deemed comfortable. And so, finding him in the mornings was of some difficulty. This was, to some extent, also the case with the Elf. Because he did not favor resting in a confined place, or resting altogether, for that matter, it was oft that he wandered off during the dark hours of the night, though he tended to be considerably more timely about returning to the others. At last, Aragorn and Legolas found the Dwarf in one of the rarely used quarters nearest to where they had been before deciding upon resting. It had been no surprise, and neither could help from laughing when the Dwarf had been located on account of the loud snoring that emanated from behind the doors. After rousing Gimli, they hastened to the stables; Gimli being in more of a daze then full awareness, more or less trailed behind them, occasionally cursing to himself about the need for sleep. Arod and Brego waited for them in the stables. Only a minimal amount of time was spent here, for all preparations had been previously made. Aragorn had saddled Brego while Arod was allowed to go unhindered by such, for Legolas insisted it was unnecessary, much to Gimli's disapproval. Once Legolas had nimbly swung onto his mount's back, Aragorn had assisted Gimli onto the horse hindmost Legolas. This was the Dwarf's usual seat, and though he had a good deal of dislike for riding and the animals in general, he seemed most comfortable there. After this, Aragorn opened the doors, pulled a cloak closely about him so as to leave unrecognized, and mounted Brego. The three headed quickly to the main gates, where Arwen had informed the guards situated there that Legolas was in need of a swift departure after receiving a summons and they should not hinder him. The city shrank quickly into the distance behind them as their horses galloped away beneath them, their hooves leaving crescent shaped impressions in the soil and grass much resembling the waning moon. The sun began to rise swiftly now, but they were well out of eyesight of those in Minas Tirith by the time the city was outlined in its orange glow. Their new adventure had begun. Presently, they were allowing their horses to run free of any reining done on the riders' parts. Their intent was merely to seek whatever would be found and to occupy their minds elsewhere from the duties cast upon them. The day was becoming fine indeed, and the weather was calm and in good spirits. Nary a cloud was in the sky, and the ones that were drifted in a variety of swirling shapes. The only sound to be heard was the thump of their horses hooves beating against the earth and their own breathing, occasionally punctuated by a leisurely conversation. The horses galloped side by side, and the riders themselves were in good spirits to match the weather. Legolas was glad to be in the wild once more. He did not care for the things of royalty and much less great cities. He preferred rather the open. He rode bareback on the white stallion, his long hair flowing behind him and seemed to have aught a care in the world. Gimli, on the other hand, was desperately clutching the Elf's waist. He was terribly uncomfortable even at a smooth canter or slow walk even and his facial expression gave both other companions none too few laughs. The most humourous instance of all had been just as they had cleared the gate of the city. Legolas, knowing full well that they would not be spared Gimli's boasting of the mithril gates, had murmured something to Arod who had happily complied. Just as the Dwarf had intended to open his mouth, Arod reared into the air and pawed at the sky. Legolas, being a far more experienced rider, had enjoyed the sudden leap, but Gimli certainly had not. All that he could do to stay on was clutch the Elf's waist even tighter, and at this Legolas had jested his companion throughout much of the early ride. It seemed that they now headed northwards up the Great River, in the direction of Cair Andro. Legolas had suggested they head towards Fangorn, but Gimli had adamantly spoken against this. So instead the three had resolved that perhaps they would head towards Mirkwood, for Legolas was familiar with that area, and then loop back to travel across the Westemnet on their homeward journey. They were welcome in the realm of the Horse lords, and thought perchance they would also head to Edoras. Yet all this travel would take quite a bit of time, and Aragorn was unsure if Arwen could hold off interrogations concerning the king's unexpected absence long enough to allow all this. Yet, the whole of this planning would certainly be subject to change, they decided, for in truth, they themselves did not know where they wished to go. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Well, there you are. I've started this, the beginnings of my second fanfic, but have no intentions of abandoning my other story. I just felt the urge to write something different from what I had been working on...and, well, this is the product of that. I really hope you enjoyed it! I should be adding more soon...and I plan to add chapter twelve to my other fic in the very near future. I just want to take this chance to thank all the reviewers from my other fic...and although it has become extremely redundant, I mean it when I say that your reviews are appreciated and extremely encouraging. Your opinions are all valued greatly. Until next time! -Jamie (Lintu...)