looking like a cris-crossed leafy pattern, and a large silver flower looking jewel encrusted at the top. In between everything were beautiful crystals and diamonds that sparkled and seemed to glow of it's own light. I looked up at my parents, too stunned to speak. "…Are they real?" I asked, the reprimanded myself. Stupid, stupid question . "As a matter of fact, yes." Dad said, staring from the ring to me and back. "It is very old, hundred's of years, really. It was said to have come from a beautiful queen who crossed the seas, and when she died, the ring was forgotten. Pure silver, and pure diamonds." I gasped again, dropping the ring back into the box in surprise and clasping my hands to my mouth. "No way." I breathed, moving my head closer to examine it. "I mean…wow." Mama and Dad chuckled at my stupor, and were very unprepared when I suddenly jumped up and squished them both together in a gigantic hug. "Thank you so much!" I said, and tears actually came to my eyes. Mama heard my sobs and wiped away the tears. "Don't cry, dear." She said, holding her hand to my cheek. "It was the least we could do, with us being so sick, and you being so helpful." "We are very grateful to you, Jolie." Dad said, smiling. "We would give you anything if you asked for it, because you deserve it. You are the perfect child in every way, and we love you." That was when I became hysterical and cried into Mama's shoulder. "I don't need it." I mumbled occasionally. "It's too perfect. I could never do it justice, wearing that around." Dad shushed me and rubbed my back, which he knew calmed me down. Sniffling, I reached over and took the ring from its box. Trembling, I slipped it onto my right ring finger, and at that moment, I promised myself that for my parent's sake, I would never take it off again. *** Later that night was strangely silent. I was curled up in my bed, setting my clock for five-thirty a.m. so that I could have a fresh start for school the next day. Clutching the ring to my chest, I fell asleep listening to the autumn wind blowing against my window. I awoke at one in the morning, not to Mama's coughing, but to silence. This was odd, since Mama usually coughed a lot during the night and I would wake up to hear Dad comforting her until they stopped. But this time I heard nothing, and I never awoke in the middle of the night for nothing. Frowning, I found this silence quite weird and quietly crawled out of bed. I walked down the hall and into the kitchen to retrieve a glass of water for my throat and found it oddly refreshing. It must have been because I had never woken up in the middle of the night before, and when you do, your throat is usually parched. Setting the glass on the counter to be re-used by me when I woke up for school, I stealthily walked to my parent's bedroom and listened for any sign of movement. There was none, and I opened the door a crack. I saw my parent's sleeping forms, a slight smile on Mama's face and contentment in Dad's open eyes. Wait. Open eyes? Was he awake? If he was, he wasn't doing much. Opening the door wider, the hallway light I had turned on streamed into the room, giving it a ghastly glow. Tiptoeing over to my parent's bed, I peered down into Mama's face. She looked fine, and I felt her cheek. I recoiled sharply. She was freezing! Checking her blankets to see if they had any holes, I moved down to her stomach region and watched it a moment. My heart nearly stopped. It wasn't rising or falling. She wasn't breathing. Thoroughly shaken up, I put my ear next her mouth and listened for a breath. There was none. Quickly, I lied my head onto her chest to listen to the steady rhythm of her heartbeat. I heard nothing. Panicking, I turned to Dad, whose eyes were still wide open. "Dad, there's something wrong with Mama." I whispered. There was no answer from him. "Dad?" I moved to the other side of the bed and checked him over in the same way I had with Mama. He wasn't breathing either. I noticed his hands were placed strangely; his right hand clutching the material of his nightclothes above his heart, his left hand doing the same directly under it. I took a deep breath. He must have had a heart attack. I slumped to the floor, my hands covering my face. I willed myself to cry, I really did, but the tears didn't come. I guessed that I was still in shock. Both of my parents were dead. My eyes watered up. This was a nightmare. Dead. I would never talk to them again. Unshed tears gathered up in pools in my eyes. I would never hug them again. I blinked, and a tear ran down my cheek. I would never hear them say how much they loved me ever again. Drawing in a long breath, I let the tears claim me, and I cried harder than I had ever cried in my entire life. My sobs were full of pain and sorrow, and I would sometimes draw out long screeches of misery. When there was nothing left in me to cry, I picked myself up off the floor and kissed both my parents faces. "I love you." I said as a final parting, my face tear-stained and pale. Slowly, I ran my fingers over Dad's face, gently closing his eyes and then walked from the room to call the authorities. It was my birthday. *** There, now you know something about the main character! Please review and no flames please, just constructive criticism. Thanks for reading!