us and our ways." Elenwë nodded. "What can a youth who has lived with Elves most of his life know of our people? No doubt, he spends his days sitting on silken cushions playing the harp and writing poetry! Such talents are all very well, but we need a chieftain who can protect our folk." "Dame Ivorwen says her grandson is a skilled warrior," said Haleth. "Maybe he takes after Halbarad?" She sounded far from convinced. "Halbarad was raised amongst fighting men," said Elenwë. "He was learning skills with sword and bow almost as soon as he was weaned." The two reached the great hall and went within, shaking the rain drops from their cloaks. It was packed and they struggled to find a space until one of the other women moved along, allowing them a small corner. "I'm glad I didn't bring the younger children," said Elenwë. " They would be drenched. Miriel came early with her father to help decorate the hall and Ivriniel is watching the little ones. I told her she would see the new Chieftain soon enough." Haleth looked around the hall, her gaze moving towards the platform at the front. She nudged Elenwë. "That's him, Arathorn's son, beside Dame Ivorwen." "Him? He's just a boy! He hasn't even a beard yet!" "Halbarad doesn't look very happy." "Would you be unhappy having your nose pushed out of joint, thus? He's standing so he must be going to say something." The woman in front turned round and glared at the pair. They fell silent. Halbarad addressed the assembled Dúnedain. "Friends, I have news of grave import to impart to you today. Arathorn's son, whom many of you believed dead, is alive and well and come to claim his birth-right. From this day forward, I am no longer your Chieftain." A young man, who was standing near the front called out. "It would indeed be a marvel had Arathorn's son returned, but how can we be certain it is he?" "Shame on you!" cried an older woman. "If you were old enough to remember Lord Arathorn, you would recognise his living likeness in his son!" Gilraen then walked to the front of the platform. Her fabled beauty had not diminished with the years, though her beautiful grey eyes were troubled as she looked at her son. "Friends," she began, speaking in an accent which had an Elvish lilt to it. "I am come here today to swear to you all that this is Arathorn's true born son, whom I bore to him twenty years ago." She reached out and took Aragorn's hand. "In the shelter of Imladris, I have watched him grow from a babe into a fine young man, who now desires to spread his wings and leave Rivendell behind." Aragorn squeezed his mother's hand then spoke. "Long have I remained hidden, ignorant of my own name and lineage until but a short time ago. I cannot live my life, hiding like a mouse in the shadows, but I would ask of you all not to speak of my name and lineage, lest unfriendly ears might hear that I yet live." He held up his hand. "Apart from my father's ring, I bear no regalia. I have yet to earn the Sceptre of Annúminas, and I have asked for the shards of Narsil and the Elendilmir to be kept in safe keeping at Rivendell. Gladly, will I take an oath as your Chieftain, but I seek no formal investiture, lest the Enemy should learn of it. Also, I desire to lead you with the counsel of Halbarad and the Elders, for I fear I know little of the ways of my own people." Ivorwen stepped forward. She was smiling and looked happier than Haleth and Elenwë could ever recall seeing her before. "Well spoken, grandson, you shall have my support and that of the leaders of our folk." She glanced towards Halbarad who gave a reluctant nod. "My friends assembled here, do you accept Aragorn, son of Arathorn to be your leader." "We do!" cried the people, though some sounded more enthusiastic than others. "Draw your sword and place your hand upon the blade," Ivorwen instructed Aragorn. "Aragorn, son of Arathorn, do you promise to fight to protect your people and all free folk of Middle-earth from the forces of darkness?" "I do," said Aragorn. The people cheered. Gilraen suddenly turned pale. "He will be the last of the Chieftains!" she cried, then collapsed into her mother's arms. The ceremony over, the people started to drift away. "Gilraen is farsighted like her mother is she not?" said Elenwë. "Her words bode ill for us all." "Dame Ivorwen looked happy, though, so her farsight must not foresee our doom," said Haleth. "Farsight is a strange gift. Sometimes I think I do have it as often I have sensed what is to come before it happens. We cannot know the future for certain, we can but continue to hope." The two left the hall to be greeted by the sun emerging from behind the rainclouds and a perfect rainbow arching across the sky. The women paused, catching their breath at this sudden display of nature's beauty. "A rainbow, a symbol of hope!" said Elenwë. "There will be better times ahead for our folk. The storms will come, but afterwards the sun will shine again." "I know only that today's storm is passing, " said Haleth with a smile. "If the weather turns out fair, I shall tend my garden this afternoon. The mixture of rain and sun will bring out the roses early." A/n. Tolkien only lists Arathorn and Aragorn as Chieftains. I have used my imagination to fill in the gaps who acted as leader while Aragorn grew up. A revised version of a story written for the "Teitho Weather Challenge" where it was unplaced. I owe my inspiration of Ranger culture to Cairistiona, Everleigh Bain and Suzelle. Do check out their stories if you love Rangers.