Andúril; Flame of the West. The blade that was broken has now been remade! North, south, east, or west. Where would she start? Jnían had no idea whatsoever…it had been two days since Awiié's death and still she silently contemplated which way her destiny was pulling her, waiting for her… "What do you think, Aátrius, how about west?" Aátrius hopped form her shoulder to the ground. She moved her claws in the dirt. She wanted to go south it seemed. Jnían trusted her friend, and because she didn't have any more compatible ideas, she decided she would begin her journey after her mother's party. She suppose she should change, she's been wearing this gown and cape for three moths. She too was extremely hungry…she hadn't left the cliff since she had gotten there two days earlier. Jnían mounted Amáteria and rode back home. Once she arrived she took a nap. When she awoke she wandered out into the grassy corridor. She was floating around until something caught her attention. Andúril, her sister sword. Jnían drew out Ranafëa and laid it beside Andúril. They looked complete together like they were made for each other. Andúril was hidden here years ago to keep it away from thieves and member of the council who wanted all its control as with Jnían's. They were created at the same time. Ranafëa's original keeper was Ciŕdan, Lord Elf of the Faramirth and founder of the Grey Havens. Jnían is the most recent of Ciŕdan's generation. Andúril's keeper was the great grandfather of Aragorn. She wondered why Andúril was kept from its destiny…to be in the hands of its righteous keeper, the descendant of Aragorn…whoever that might be. It's been a kept a secret for the last fifty years. It was Jnían's responsibility to guard Andúril. Hopefully it will be safe while she's gone. She placed Mallius, a decoy, in its place while the true Andúril would be only where Jnían and Awiié would be able to find it. She needed to get it there before twilight, when she would be expected for her mother's party in Rivendell. She had no doubt that Teleríus would be there. He's quite charming, but she couldn't stand him at all. He's full of himself. Jnían couldn't tale it when he tried to bait her with the snobbery. He's rude, conceited, and definitely not for her. She met Amáteria at the end of the stairs. They traveled an hour to Rohan. She stopped at the Pebble Inn. She led Amáteria into the stables and crept to the thirds past from the end, then knocked on it. It was hollow. She slid it to the left and removed a gold necklace. One the end of the necklace was a map of Rohan. She followed the map until she reached the diamond. It was a small wooden shed. Jnían opened the creaking door, and silently entered. "Who is it?" a raspy voice asked. "Jnían…Meshía, Awiié's dead," she said. "I know, I heard the travelers speaking about it yesterday in the inn. It seems she dies south of here," Meshía explained. "That's where I'm headed in a few days, to find out what happened to her…but before I go, I need to make sure this stays safe." "Precede my child," she said. "The shed's door swung open releasing sunlight into the dim room. Before them stood a big man picking the last scraps of meat off a bone. He was short and very stocky. He stunk of old wine and hogs. "What is an Elf doing here?" he grumbled. He stepped inside further. "Get out!" he shouted. Jnían unsheathed Ranafëa, and held her faithful sword to his nose. "I suggest you step out kind sir, or I; give you another mouth to eat out of," Jnían threatened. The am slowly backed out, swallowing hard." "Go ahead Jnían, quickly," Meshía said. Jnían made her way through the trap door in the floor to the secret underground chamber Jnían placed the shrouded weapon into a cedar chest, locked it, and put the key on the same necklace as the golden map. She exited the shed, thanking Meshía. She made to Rivendell just in time for the party. She stepped into the door, and already wished to leave. Teleríus pulled her out to the terrace overlooking the waterfall. He proposed. She wasn't surprised and told him no. He got mad and stalked out. She peered inside to watch him walk away, and saw someone in the corner of the room. He was wearing a hooded cape. He looked up, and she could feel her eyes turn yellow. Andúin threw her saddlebag over Alata's back. She was going to leave as soon as the sun set. She had found all the information she needed. The blade's resting place was in LothLórien, being kept by the Elves. She had never seen an Elf before, but she figured they would be just as easy to sneak past as men. But Andúin was still nervous about her journey. She walked to her grandfather's grave. Aragorn's body lay entombed with the two hobbits Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took on either side of him. She whispered a soft lament, bowed her head, and then left. She thought this always brought her good luck on her journeys, and anyway, it was his sword she planned to get. The sun hung low on the horizon. She climbed onto Alata and pulled the hood over her gave. They left the city, fooling the Gatekeeper into thinking she was a traveler, nothing more. Andúin didn't relax until she could no longer see Minas Tirith. She eased Alata into a canter, and then pulled out a map she had taken from the archives. She had never been outside of Gondor, and as she stopped Alata on the crest of a hill overlooking the vast lands of Rohan, she thought o herself, ' This is going to be an adventure .' Little did she know how correct she was.