"Qutaybah has no power over you here. Was it he who hurt you?" Lunah nodded. "He said that now Murjanah was almost weaned he would sell her. I begged him not to and then I became angry and lashed out. He drew his dagger and we struggled. He cut my arm. I managed to stab his leg and flee. I had no coin and a passer-by told me to go to your Houses of Healing, but I was afraid when the woman introduced herself. She is of of Qutaybah's tribe." "She only wanted to help you," said Aragorn. "Now will you permit me to tend your arm, then I will take you back to the Houses of Healing." She nodded again. Very gently, Aragorn unwrapped the dirty bandage from around her forearm to reveal an ugly, jagged wound. He bathed it with the athelas mixture and wrapped a clean bandage around it. "We will take you and your daughter to the Houses of Healing now," he said. "The women there will tend to you both." "They will not let Qutaybah take my daughter?" Lunah fretted. "No, mistress, you will be under the King's protection and none shall harm you." Aragorn called to Faramir and found that the Steward had already brought the horses to the small shop. He persuaded Lunah to let Faramir take her little girl, while he carried the woman and placed her in front of him in the saddle. She weighed as little as a child. The bodyguards took up their positions and the small party made their way back through the circles of the City until they reached the Houses of Healing. Uzza and another woman healer took Lunah and her child to be bathed and provided with clean raiment. The warden came out to speak to Aragorn. "She is not the only mysterious foreigner we have seen today," he observed. "Soon after you left, sire, a man with a bad cut to his leg came here. Uzza translated while one of the male healers tended him. He claimed his woman had attacked him." "Is he still here?" asked Aragorn. The warden nodded. "When he recovers, I want him arrested and taken before the magistrate. I have evidence that he brought slaves and abused women here in Gondor, contrary to every value we hold dear. I intend to make sure he is deported and banned from ever crossing the borders of my kingdom again." 0000 Aragorn had much to relate to Arwen that evening when the royal pair dined together. "Poor woman," said Arwen. "She cannot return to Harad. She must be helped to find a new life in Gondor." "I agree," said Aragorn. "The problem is, she speaks not a word of our tongue." "Maybe Ambassador Tahir and Lady Adiva could find her employment?" suggested Faramir, who was dining with Aragorn and Arwen that evening. "Something must be arranged," said the King. "It will be a while before she is strong enough to work, though. We must supply food and lodgings for her until she is fully recovered. I plan to go and see how she fares after the Council Meeting tomorrow. I fear I might be late again for the noonday meal, vanimelda." "It is for a good reason," said Arwen. 0000 The next day, Aragorn left the meeting as soon as he was able and left Faramir to conclude the proceedings. He made his way to the Houses of Healing and asked to speak to Mistress Uzza. He did not have to wait long before she strode briskly into the room. "How is Mistress Lunah?" he asked. "She fares as well as she might for a woman who has suffered much," Uzza replied, her face grim. "When I examined her, as well as the cut to her arm, I found many bruises on her body which indicated she had often been beaten and abused." Aragorn sighed. "The poor woman. She should remain in Gondor when she is healed where she is safe from her former master and others like him." "There are men in Gondor as evil," Uzza said grimly. "At least you punish them when you find them, though, my lord. I have been thinking about Mistress Lunah and her child. There is room at my home for both of them and the Houses are always in need of more cleaning maids. The little girl could stay with my son and his nursemaid. He would like a playmate." "That sounds an excellent solution if Mistress Lunah agrees," said Aragorn. "She does," said Uzza. Aragorn laughed. "Maybe I should put you in charge of managing the Kingdom, mistress! I will pay for Mistress Lunah's lodgings until she is able to work and for some clothes for her and the child. Now I should like to see her if she is well enough for visitors." "She is." Uzza led Aragorn along a spotless corridor to the women's rooms and knocked on the third in a row of doors. Inside was a cheerful small room simply furnished with a bed and a comfortable chair. Lunah was sitting up in bed. She was now dressed in a fine linen nightgown with a shawl around her shoulders. On a rug beside the bed, the little girl sat playing with a rag doll. Lunah started when Uzza and Aragorn came in but smiled when she recognised them. "Good Day, mistress, how do you fare?" Aragorn asked in the tongue of Harad. "Very well, lord. I am happy. The healing women are kind to me and they gave my little one a doll. They tell me you looked all through the circles of this great city for me. But why, lord?" she looked puzzled. "While we are within the circles of this world, we should help one another, "Aragorn answered. "It was my pleasure, mistress." A/n. Written for the Teitho "Circles" challenge where it was unplaced. You can read Uzza's story in "The Revenger's Tragedy" also on this site.