peaked the interest of the others, their heads lifting to regard the argument with confusion. "You pious wood rat! How dare you accuse me!" Legolas returned Boromir's glare coolly, not a muscle flinching at the physical threat the Gondorian displayed. "You presume much of me, Boromir. I never said anything of that threat being you." Boromir's face bloomed dark with sudden mistrust. "Do not try to cloud my eyes of your judgements with clever words, Legolas. I know what you were implying: you insult me with your elvish trickery!" For the first time, the elf's eyes flashed briefly with dangerous anger. "I assure you, Boromir, that I seek to defend, not the Ring from you, but you from the Ring, and in turn, Frodo from both forces. Do not try to so unfairly trap him in the middle of yours and its desires." Boromir fell silent, his intense glare seemingly attempting to burn through his fair companion. But still, Legolas did not flinch. He returned the warrior's gaze unblinkingly, and a shadow of discomfort flitted over Boromir. "I understand what you hear," Legolas toned softly. "I hear the whispers in the night that beckon the desperate to what seems the only light of salvation." "I am not weak," Boromir growled, his pride blanching at the implication of the other's words. "Again, that is not what I said," the elf replied evenly. "I understand the intensity of the power in our midst, and I know you see its capacity." A glimmer of hope flitted over Boromir's countenance. "Then you know this entire fool's errand to be folly. Surely, if we could together forge something similar in strength to the allegiances of old-" "I know this to be the only course." Legolas' tone had become abrupt now, losing patience in the argument the man should have come to terms with long ago. "I can no more help you save your people than you can help me save mine. No creature should have access to power that unbending. I will see it destroyed before it corrupts these lands and their people any further than it already has." Any thread of bartering was done with in Boromir, replaced only by the original contempt. He raised an accusing finger, stabbing it firmly into the archer's chest. "You cower behind your own conceits, just like the rest of your kind. The mighty elves, too engrossed in their own pride and falsities to stand up with the rest." Boromir stepped back, open dismay and disgust twisting his mouth. "Your naive youth betrays your ignorance!" The rising taint of fear Frodo felt at Boromir's challenging tone crept along his spine with deft fingers, Galadriel's prediction ringing in his ears. Uncertainty gripped his shoulders as he watched the pair who had sworn allegiance to him seemingly a lifetime ago war with each other. He wished desperately for Aragorn's return, knowing that if the two warriors should come to blows physically, there would be nothing he or any of the others could do about it. "'Naive youth'?" Legolas laughed. It was nothing like the usual lilt that poured from him in times of mirth as the hobbits were used to, but rather a harsh and cold irony, soaked in bitterness and resentment. "I might look a youth to your eyes, Boromir, but believe me when I say I have seen countless provinces of Men rise to greatness and fall to ruin in a blink. I have borne witness to wars of your kind that have passed into legend for your people. You speak to me of ignorance, and do blatantly display your own! It was the weakness of Men that brought all lands close to ruin before: speak not of ignorance to me, Boromir, for this entire mess is the result only of your own!" Legolas started to turn away, made weary and unhappy with argument ... but he understood the change in tempo of Boromir's breathing and the ring of leather against steel, and he had already spun into the swipe of the oncoming sword as Sam voiced his fear into the night, his twin white knives clanging as they met the much larger weapon. "What madness has taken you?" he demanded, the shock and betrayal reverberating in his voice as his eyes asked the same of the warrior's soul. "You will neither defile my honour nor that of my people!" Boromir hissed, the cold fury of his voice echoing in the bull-like strength he threw against the elf as his sword arched again, trying to get inside the elf's defences. Lithe as Legolas was, he danced inside the sword's long swipe and caught it deftly with his own weapons, again throwing the blade away from himself. But Boromir pivoted, recovering his balance from the powerful deflection to bring his blade back again with a terrifying might, forcing the elf to again defend himself. The meeting of steel blades and strength shattered the cloak of night-time tranquillity. Gimli threw down his pipe, stumbling through the camp to the fray. "Legolas! Boromir! Cease this madness!" The dwarf fretted on the outskirts of the battle, horrified that such a thing was happening between allies, and frustrated that he could not get in there to stop the fight himself as his words fell unheeded. As much as he desired to get in there and pull them apart, he was wise enough to accept that his stature did not offer him the required force to bring two such powerful combatants to peace. "Stop it, I said!" Legolas deflected another blow, appalled that the fight was lasting so long. He was not tiring yet, but it unnerved him that the man kept facing down his self-defensive blows and going for him with such murderous ire, fighting against him with all the gusto of an enemy. "Boromir!" he barked, throwing the knife in his left hand down to shield his flank from fresh attack. "I will not raise my knives against you! Desist with this!"