it as it was and stole back to their room. There they sat miserably on their beds, not knowing what to do with their great idea of Mother's Day. "I'm not trying anything more and risk getting into more trouble. I can't imaginge what'll happen when Mother and Father find out about the kitchen tomorrow." Elrohir was readily agreeing with his brother there. "Of course you're right, Dan. But I still think we should do something for Mother. She's always there for us and she's always kind and compassionate. She deserves a day to honour her." So they started again and after thinking and lots of more thinking they finally had the perfect idea... 888 The next morning, Elrond and his wife Celebrían were awoken by quiet voices in front of their bedroom door. "Shhh! Stop making such a racket, Ro! It's supposed to be a surprise!" "Well, it's not my fault when you're stepping on my toes, Dan!" Elrond exchanged a small smile with his wife and wondered, what their sons had planned now. They were preparing themselves for an 'ambush' and so were a bit surprised when an envelope was slipped under the door and into the room. After that, they could hear footsteps retreating hastily. Celebrían got out from under the warm covers and picked up the envelope on which was written in a familiar scrawl: "To the best Mother in the whole world" . She went back to bed and showed it to her husband. "Do you know what they mean by it?" But Elrond could just shake his head. "Nay, I don't. But it is obviously for you. So, open it, then we will know for sure." Out of the envelope Celebrían took a sheet of creamy parchment with very neat letters on it. She could see that the twins had taken great care in writing it. "I will read it out loud to you." And this is, what the letter said: " Dear Mother! During our journey we have come wide and far over the lands and have also visited the remarkable city of Bree, where we encountered a costum so splendid, that we thought it should be included in elven society. So we are telling you now, that from this day forth, every year on the 14th of May, shall be celebrated Mother's Day. And with this letter we want to tell you, how much you mean to us. You are the best mother in the whole wide world and we really don't know what we'd do without you. You're always there when we need you the most, listening to our problems, giving good advice or just cuddling us. We can't even begin to tell you how thankful we are for everything you have done, are still doing, and will do for us in the future. Thank you for everything! We love you so very much and we are happy to have a mother such as you are. Today, we will do everything that you like, we'll be your ready servants. Just tell us what you need and consider it done. Today is Mother's Day and this day is just for you, so that you know how much we appreciate everything you always do for us. Tell Father not to be disappointed, but today he really doesn't matter in the least, he's unimportant, so to speak. If he wants to, he can help us making this day extra special for you. We thought about what we could give you as a present, but in the end we came to the conclusion that nothing was worthy enough to show how much you mean to us. We hope you will enjoy your Mother's Day! Your sons Elladan and Elrohir P.S.: We're sure you know that a caring and understanding mother isn't angry at her sons for what they have attempted to do to please her before composing this letter..." As she finished reading, Celebrían had tears in her eyes. Of course, she knew that her sons loved her, but to read it like this was quite overwhelming. Elrond was very touched as well, happy that his sons were able to express their feelings and mature enough to write something like this. "Oh Elrond! That is so sweet of them! I would have never thought... I have to go and thank them. It is really such a nice custom, do you not think so?" Elrond had to agree with her on that and he very much intended to help his sons in 'making this day extra special '. The letter had brought to his mind that he didn't tell his wife how much he loved her often enough. But at the same time he couldn't help wondering what the twins had meant with their P.S... 'Attempted to do' ? He was fearing the worst, because you never knew with those two... In the end, the day turned out to be wonderful for the whole family. Elrond and Celebrían weren't too angry about the sullied kitchen, because they could see that Elladan and Elrohir had tried very hard to create a nice present for their mother, and the brothers even found the courage to tell their parents about the newly painted room and the broken bowl. Celebrían actually thought this quite funny and was deeply moved by what lengths the twins had gone to just to make her happy. From this year onward, Mother's Day came to be a regular holiday in Imladris and every May, Celebrían was looking forward very much to what her sons would come up with to surprise her and to make her happy. THE END I hope you liked it. I thought that if Hobbits had existed that early in the Third Age, it would have been more likely for someone of the Took family to approach an elf on their own accord. I hope you agree with me there... So, leave a review and tell me what you think about it.