already covered with straw to protect the precious plants. I would go for a closer inspection later that day. Suddenly I heard the scuffing of boots on stone. One of the guards? A whispered question, hushed by another voice. I leant out the window, which creaked a protest at my movement. Startled eyes met mine. Below me, on the terrace outside the hall, crouched a boy, bundled up in a voluminous cloak. "What are you doing here?" I asked. Then I recognized him as my grandson. "Éoric?" It was indeed Elfwine's eleven year old son. He straightened up and as he did so, the cloak fell away. Another tousled head looked out. I might have known: Cynefrid, his cousin and best friend, eldest son of my daughter Elfrith. What mischief were they up to now? "Well?" I asked. They lined up in front of me with an identical guilty look on their faces, one fair with the blue eyes and blond hair of the Rohirrim, the other's darker skin showing his Dunlendish blood. As their fathers' heirs they might one day rule a combined area from the western sea to the Anduin, but that concerned me little at the moment. "We are sorry for waking you, Grandmother," Éoric said, taking the lead as usual. Heavy steps sounded as one of the guards posted along the side of Meduseld decided to come and investigate. He raised his eyebrows at the two boys. "Is this rabble disturbing your rest, Lothíriel Queen?" he asked, but the words held no threat. "Good morning, Godwulf," I greeted him, for I knew him from assisting at the birth of his youngest child, a couple of years ago. "They did not disturb me, for I was awake already. However, I wonder what they are doing, out and about at this early hour." The sky had turned a light blue by now, lustrous as a pearl, which enabled me to observe the quick look exchanged between the boys. "We wanted to go and check on our ponies," Éoric explained. "I thought mine had developed a strain yesterday," Cynefrid chimed in, "so we wanted to make sure he was all right." Limpid blue and brown eyes regarded me, guileless and innocent. Definitely up to no good! Then I remembered something my daughter had mentioned the evening before. "The royal seamstress is coming today, isn't she," I asked, "to fit you for your Yule clothes." Why did I feel that checking up on their ponies might quickly turn into scarpering off for the day? The two boys groaned. "Please, Grandmother," Éoric pleaded, "they will make us stand around until the whole beautiful day is gone, and argue for hours about which fabric to choose." "And stick pins in us!" Cynefrid added. Behind him, Godwulf snorted, and I had a hard time keeping a straight face myself. "Princes have to look their part," I pointed out. But it was no good, they heard the laughter in my voice. Éoric relaxed. "You won't betray us, will you?" His teeth flashed in a white smile. I caught my breath. That smile! How often had I had it directed at me and been unable to resist. He must have sensed something, for his face sobered. "Grandmother, are you all right?" Suddenly he looked older than his years. I smiled through the moistness in my eyes. "Yes, I am. You go and check on your ponies, and neither Godwulf nor I have seen you." "Thank you!" they both shouted, already turning to run down the hill. "But don't step on my herbs, or I'll stick pins in you myself," I called after them. However, at the edge of the terrace Cynefrid stopped and looked back. "Grandmother, can we come along later and visit you?" "Oh, yes please," Éoric agreed. "I want to hear the story again how grandfather rescued you from those orcs in the caverns of Helm's Deep!" "And about the battle on the Pelennor!" Cynefrid added. He seemed undisturbed by the fact that it had been his father's people who had fought us at the Hornburg. "And how he vanquished Harad and captured Umbar!" Éoric's eyes shone. I laughed. They made it sound as if Éomer had won all his battles singlehandedly. "Come along later," I told them, "and I will tell you how it really was." Another smile that could have charmed anything out of me. They both had it! Then they jumped down the hill with a yell and vanished out of sight. I doubted there was anybody left in Meduseld still asleep. Godwulf cleared his throat. "The wife wondered if you would honour us with a visit, my lady. Only if you have the time, of course." Touched by the request, I nodded. "Gladly." "Thank you." He paused a moment before going to resume his post. "If I may say so, my lady, it's good to have you back. Meduseld was not the same with you gone." He gave me no chance to answer, but took his leave with a respectful nod of the head. I leant back against the wall behind me and gazed out at the mountains again. Suddenly the sun cleared their summits and poured its rich golden light onto Meduseld. The leaves on the oak tree flamed with colour and the dew caught in the high grasses sparkled like crystal. A wind sprung up, streaming out the white horse banners placed along the city wall below me. I wrapped my cloak closer around me. "I'm back, love," I whispered. Warmth enveloped me. How foolish I had been not to see that Éomer was still with me. He lived on, not only in the memory of his people, but also in his sons and daughters and their children. As for myself, while there were loved ones who needed me, I would bide here a little longer. After all there was no rush. Éomer would wait for me, even beyond the circles of this world. He had promised.