the proceedings. The ambassador entered alone. He was a tall man with a black beard, olive skin and brown eyes. He wore flowing robes of purple and dark blue rather than the scarlet warriors' garb with which Aragorn and Faramir were both painfully familiar. The man prostrated himself low before the throne. "I bring greetings from the exalted and esteemed Khan of all Harad to the most excellent High King of the Western Realms," he said in heavily accented but fluent Westron. "I am your most humble servant, Tahir, son on of Nasih, of the tribe of Wakil." "May the sun never dazzle your eyes and stars light your path," Aragorn replied. "Rise friend and be welcome. May this day herald a new era of peace between us." "This is an auspicious day as glorious as an undiscovered oasis," said Tahir. "The spirits of many I loved dearly now dwell in eternal shade. I would have my sons know peace, not war." "I should like to invite you to dine with me tomorrow and the fair blossoms of your garden to dine with my Queen," said Aragorn. "I gladly accept your most gracious invitation, esteemed Lord King," said Tahir. "Like you, I choose but one fair flower." He bowed again and prepared to take his leave. " May the sun never dazzle your eyes, most excellent one until our next meeting !" said Faramir in the tongue of Harad. Tahir smiled and returned the greeting. "He seems a much more agreeable man than I had expected," said Aragorn as soon as he was alone with the Steward. "I was surprised that he spoke our tongue so well and he does not appear to keep a Harem." "Maybe I should not have spoken to him in his language then?" said Faramir. "I believe the gesture pleased our new Ambassador," said Aragorn. "It will be interesting to see if our favourable impressions persist when we have a longer conversation with him on the morrow." In order to avoid any possible embarrassment to either side over the food being served, the dinner for the ambassador was an informal affair. The guests were served from dishes on a table at the side of the room and then sat in groups at small tables. Together with the Ambassador came several of his entourage, while Aragorn and Faramir were discretely accompanied by guards. Several lords and captains had also been invited to meet the Ambassador. Meanwhile in the royal couple's private quarters, Arwen was entertaining the ambassador's wife, aided by a woman from the Houses of Healing who spoke some of the Harradic tongue. Aragorn was glad of the catering arrangements he had chosen when he saw the Ambassador eagerly consuming large quantities of a spicy dish, which Aragorn recalled only to well from his travels. A single bite sufficed to set his mouth afire. King of the West instead of a lonely traveller, Aragorn smiled and quaffed some wine to cool his throat. The Southrons enjoyed their pepper even more than he remembered. He was glad to be able to turn his attention to the cold meats served in the Gondorian fashion. Faramir was doing likewise after a discreet word of warning from the King concerning the more exotic dishes on offer. "My fair flower was very much looking forward to meeting your esteemed Queen," said the Ambassador. "These past weeks have been hard for her, needing to travel as she nurtures my seed and grows greatly." "I hope your fair lady will soon be safely delivered," said Aragorn. "The midwives from the Houses of Healing would be happy to assist her." "We plan to give our latest blossom a name from your fair land," said the ambassador. "He or she will bear a lasting token of the new peace between us." "The Houses are currently home to some of your countrymen," said Aragorn. "We captured them during the war. They have long since been free to depart, but are too crippled to do so as result of their wounds." "I will pay for them to continue to be cared for here," said Tahir. "Would they not prefer to return home?" Faramir asked. The Ambassador laughed bitterly. "By taking them prisoner, gracious King, you saved their lives. In my homeland, if a man is badly injured in battle, he falls on his own sword, or a comrade despatches him if he can no longer fight for his country. Lord Sauron demanded a heavy tribute and those that could not pay him service forfeited their lives. I fear it will take time for things to change." Faramir repressed a shudder. Friendly and eager to please Tahir might be, but he came from a land whose invading warriors Faramir had fought since he was old enough to wield sword and bow. He had lost many good comrades to the warriors of Harad. An image of one of his Rangers cleft almost in twain by a Southron sword swam before his eyes. "I think I will have some dessert," he said. "What shall I fetch you, my lord?" a hovering servant enquired. "I think I will stretch my legs," said Faramir. The Steward wandered over to the table piled high with exotic fruits, custards and syllabubs. Faramir felt slightly nauseous at the memories that been stirred within him and was loth to eat any more just yet. Two of the Ambassador's entourage were by the table chattering to each other in their own tongue. "Is your dagger sharp?" one asked. Faramir ignored them, assuming they were concerned about slicing fruit, but both men chose spiced custards to eat. "Be careful," said the other. "We are not alone." "The fools do not understand us," said the first man. "I brought two blades for good measure. The conqueror's days are numbered. Tonight he drinks his own blood!" TBC. A/N This is a slightly altered version of a story I wrote for the "The Student surpasses the Teacher" June Teitho contest.