were made and coins stayed firmly in their owners' pockets. This was a frighteningly even match and no one, not even Frodo or Merry, who knew the form, was prepared to risk hard cash on the outcome. Sam won after the fourth hit. Speculation ran high again as Legolas met Merry once more. Legolas was on his reserve and unused conker now and Merry was wielding the famous niner. Age it seemed was against the experienced conker and, Merry claimed later, it must have been sorely weakened by its earlier exertions. It was defeated by the elf in the third round and Legolas's conker now claimed the title of tenner. Only Sam was left with an intact conker to face the elf. The pride of The Shire rode on those sturdy shoulders and Frodo gave him a quick pep-talk as Merry massaged his striking hand and Pippin spun Sam's conker on its string to check for balance and durability. "You can do it Sam," Frodo whispered, "we're counting on you, we've seen you take out Bilbo and even Gandalf before now. He's only one elf after all." "But Mr Frodo – an elf!" Sam was less than calm, but with careful seconding and encouragement drew himself up to meet the challenge. Legolas smiled engagingly as Samwise stepped into the conker circle which the hobbit suspected was designed to unnerve him more. By right of the superior conker the elf had first strike, which worried Sam greatly. Legolas almost never missed and would keep hitting until his conker was smashed. Legolas drew back and slammed his conker into Sam's with a mighty crack. The hobbit stood firm and did not flinch, holding his conker out at arm's length. It was a hit, but Sam's conker had held, so Legolas took another strike. The crowd held its breath. The elf's conker smashed into Sam's. A sharp crack sounded and two halves of a conker fell to the ground. But it was not Sam's conker which broke – it was the elf's. The crowd roared its appreciation. Legolas appealed to the umpire for a re-match. Gandalf declared Sam's conker a twelver and Samwise Gamgee the overall winner! 0-0-0-0-0-0 Epilogue "Sam! Sam!" Pippin chorused excitedly, "You did it! You did it!" "Well done Sam," Frodo clapped him on the back, while Merry pumped a red-faced Sam's hand with a big grin on his face. "I'm sorry Mr Legolas," Sam looked to where the elf was graciously applauding with the others. "Perhaps a rematch?" "No – you have to play Gandalf," Pippin remembered the wizard's casual earlier remark. "Now that will be a game to wager on!" "It's getting late," Aragorn pointed out, "we should take some proper rest. There is a long march again tomorrow." "All right," Pippin agreed, although reluctantly. "But I'm collecting up the rest of the conkers to take with us. We could play this every night." "Peregrin Took," Gandalf rolled his eyes in despair, "Aragorn has already told you about picking up interesting stones and pieces of wood. You get tired enough walking as it is, without any extra ballast." "Oh well," Pippin's face fell further, "We could have another game after supper – just one." "Yes," said Boromir not completely without enthusiasm, "I suppose we could." Merry and Frodo looked at him, then at each other, then at Sam and Pippin who both blinked, but said nothing. Merry shrugged. "I'll get the fire started then," Boromir added, "My turn for wood gathering." 0-0-0-0-0-0 It was never clear to where all the conkers vanished, although Sam suspected he could smell burning horse chestnuts in the air and, when Pippin raked through the ashes, he thought he identified the husks of several burnt out shells. "If I didn't know better," Pippin remarked to Merry, "I would say somebody had actually put the remaining conkers on the fire." He looked meaningfully over at Boromir who was intently polishing his blade, "But who would do such a thing? After all, we had such fun playing and now they're all gone." "They don't even burn particular well," Sam commented, "not that I'd ever put one in an oven," he added, perhaps a little too hastily. "No Pip," Frodo consoled him, "I expect squirrels took them. Maybe they found your hoard as well as those under the tree." "Squirrels are pretty partial to conkers you know," Sam told him, "I seen them strip a tree before you can say 'nuts'!" "But it is odd," Merry pointed out, "especially at this time of year." The hobbits nodded and agreed it was peculiar, but it was nobody's fault and there was nothing to be done. "There's another odd thing," Merry added thoughtfully, "About Boromir, not that I'm implying anything of course." Boromir looked up as he caught his name and then became quite engrossed in removing a totally invisible speck from his shining sword. "Of course not," Frodo agreed quickly, "what?" "Well it wasn't his turn to collect firewood this stop," Merry rubbed his chin thoughtfully, "it was mine." Boromir spluttered and then turned his splutter into a prolonged coughing fit. "Well that's just silly, Merry," Pippin snorted. "It's a rotten job, why would Boromir take your turn to pick up firewood?" "I can't imagine," Merry shrugged, "Frodo?" "It's beyond me," Frodo looked at Sam. "I expect Mr Boromir needed the exercise," Sam suggested kindly, "He probably wanted to get into training for the next game of conkers." Boromir's coughing abruptly turned back into a splutter. "Oh do you think so?" Pippin furrowed his brow in mock puzzlement, "I thought he didn't like it much. Well I'll keep a weather eye out for some more, then we can teach him to play properly." "Yes Pip," Merry added with a lopsided grin, "Boromir will be pleased." Boromir retrieved a kerchief, blew his nose and sighed deeply. He realised that hobbits were not only masters of ridiculous games, but were also extremely skilled in the use of irony. End