the taste on my tongue before swallowing, and waiting a while before nibbling more to see if it made me feel unwell. Eventually the hungry gnawing in my stomach subsided, having not been offered much of anything, and through my tired haze, I thought I heard the quiet sound of trickling water. I slowed, and stilled, listening hard. The forest was still unnaturally quiet. Almost muffled, as if I was wearing a pair of headphones or earplugs. Then, ahead, I heard it again. The bubbling sound of water. I started towards it as quickly as I was able, feeling slightly hopeful for the first time since waking up in this strange old forest. Water was good. Water meant survival. It only took a few minutes, and the sound grew slightly, finally proving to be a small stream. It trickled cheerfully, seeming slightly out of place in such a foreboding forest. I wasted no time in rushing to it, lowering myself to my knees, and cupping my hands to drink. The water was ice cold, probably run off from snow, or a spring somewhere, and had there been anyone to talk to, I would have told them it was the best water I'd ever drank in my life. Having no such person, I addressed a nearby tree. "This is divine! I think it's the best water I've ever tasted!" The trees groaned in response. After drinking my fill for the moment, I sat back on my knees, thinking about what the next course of action should be. "Well, I've found water, mister tree...Or missus, I suppose. I can't stay here, though...Do I go upstream? Do I go downstream…? Do I put my left foot out, and shake it all about..?" Neither tree nor water offered any responses, clearly not appreciating my attempt at humor. I laughed though, feeling a little ridiculous for laughing at my own joke. It felt nice after the oppressive darkness and quiet. Slowly, I stood, muscles already cooling and feeling stiff from my short rest. "Either way, I should stay near the water..And I need to figure out what direction I'm walking, see if there are any buildings around…" A nearby tree creaked, and I looked at it consideringly. Perhaps I could find a tree to climb that would go high enough to see over the canopy. It wouldn't do to walk up or downstream and then find myself stuck by huge unclimbable mountains, or to find that the little stream dried up further down. A bit further up the stream I spotted what looked to be a reasonably tall looking tree with large enough branches to support my weight, so I set off towards it. I felt quite re-invigorated by the drink of water, and a bit more confident knowing the stream was right there, should I want more. Climbing the tree proved to be a bit more difficult than I originally thought it would. Having not started out with a great amount of upper body strength to begin with, the general soreness made clambering up a very slow and difficult process. Eventually I managed though, and once I made it a bit further up the tree, the climb became easier, the branches growing a bit closer together. Despite not really being afraid of heights, I made sure not to look down, not feeling entirely steady so high up off the ground. A treacherous voice in my head supplied the thought, 'If I fell from this height, I'd likely break a leg, or possibly more than that. Then I'd really be doomed.' I nervously tried to shove that particular thought away, and focused on climbing until I reached the top. For the first time in what seemed like forever, I felt the warmth of the sun on my face. It was glorious. The light was almost blinding after spending so long in the dark, and despite that logically, I knew it had only been a day, my eyes teared up a little at the warm sunlight. For a long moment, I simply stayed there, clinging to the tree branches and basking in the light. Then I remembered why I'd spent so much energy climbing up this particular tree, and proceeded to look around. The sun was high in the sky, doing very little to help me orient myself, and telling me that it was roughly around noonish. Ahead of me was a long expanse of forest, and I wasn't quite high enough up to see where it ended, just that the tops of the trees continued on for a long while. To my right was even more trees, then what looked like some flat, desert plains, and the occasional mountain here and there. To my left was some more trees, and then some huge, mountains, hidden slightly in mist, despite how close I was to them. As my eyes continued to the left, a shape managed to catch my eye. Tall and dark. Some sort of building. The top was almost..spikey? It looked familiar...Where did I know that building from? I couldn't make out much of what it was made of, and I didn't see any people around it. Was it some sort of church? This was a weird place for a church. Maybe it was part of an old abandoned castle or something. It looked like it could be part of a castle. Of course, that started the line of thought, where was I that there were ruined castles laying around? Whatever it was, first and foremost it was a building. Even if there weren't any people and wasn't any food, it would still be a shelter from the cold. Though, it looked rather far away, it was hard to make out any details about it except that it was a black tower. Right now, it was my best bet. I carefully noted what direction it was in, hoping I wouldn't go astray while I tried to get out of the forest. More walking. Yay.