of Gondor will expect me to come with news from King Theoden." "Then I hope you would not take offense to my accompanying you on your return journey?" Laimea searched for an answer. She hadn't expected him to say that. He accompany her all the way back to Gondor? Her and him alone for days? "Oh . . ." she started, but then stopped. He was an Elf, not a man, and Elves had impeccable manners, not to mention chivalrous attitudes towards women. "No, Master Elf, I take no offense to your company. It would be nice to have someone besides my horse to talk to for those days of riding." He smiled. "Good then. Gandalf had asked me to ride with you as escort and scout. They are readying King Theoden's people for travel to Gondor. They will leave shortly after we do." "They won't be able to go very quickly with so many people." Legolas looked out to the plains. "No. I pray they have a safe journey. There has been too much death already." Laimea saw the look on his face. It was one of grief, guilt, like she'd first seen him on the wall when she'd arrived at Helm's Deep. Her heart felt for him, but she didn't know what to do or say to comfort him. Instead she changed the subject again. "It is nearly dawn, and I have yet to sleep. I believe I will retire for the night, Master Elf." "Allow me to escort you to your room, my Lady?" Legolas offered quickly. Laimea was surprised by the offer, she had yet to get used to such treatment. In answer she extended her arm. Legolas stepped up and laid his hand gently under hers, allowing her arm to rest lightly on his. "There are many evils lurking these days, my Lady. You should not walk in the dark alone." Laimea smiled up at him. Her hand tingled at his touch and she scolded herself for being so giddy. She had no reason to feel this way about Legolas, whom she'd only met earlier that day . . . aside from the fact he was beautiful, courteous, and an Elf, of course. She took an inconspicuous deep breath, inhaling his scent. He smelled wonderful, like a fresh summer breeze. Her head cleared and she felt more relaxed than she had in weeks. She'd nearly forgotten how he'd treated her that afternoon. They were walking down the torch-lit hallway to her room when he spoke again. "Forgive my asking, but why were you on the wall at such a late hour?" "I went for walk. I couldn't sleep. And you, Master Elf?" "The same." His answer was short and Laimea thought he wanted to say more, but he didn't. He looked down at her, half smiling. "Did you think you could sneak up on an Elf?" Laimea cursed the blush she felt once again blaze across her face. She looked down to the stone floor in front of her. "I – I wasn't sneaking around," she insisted. "I saw you standing there and just wanted to be sure you were all right." They had reached her door. Legolas turned to her and Laimea found herself wishing the hallway was longer. "Then you should have announced your presence," Legolas told her, but his voice was gentle. "I am sorry if I frightened you." Laimea shook her head. "Oh no, the fault is mine, Master Elf. If anything I am glad you are always so ready to defend Middle-Earth and its people." He gave her a genuine smile and stepped back, bowing to her like he had when he'd first introduced himself. "Good night, my Lady. May you sleep well and be untroubled by nightmares." Laimea tried to ignore the heartbeat in her ears as she returned his bow with a small nod. "And the same to you, Master Elf." "If we are to be traveling together, my Lady, you must call me Legolas." His smile in the flickering torchlight made her heart ache, and she became even more frustrated with herself as she realized she was falling for him. "Then you may call me Laimea," she said. "Manka lle merna," If you wish he whispered. "Good night, Laimea." "Good night, Legolas," Laimea answered through a dry mouth. "Sleep well." He bowed again and moved off down the hall in the direction they had come. Laimea watched him go, and he seemed to be part of the hallway, moving in and out of the torches' glow, the shadows sliding over him. He looked back over his shoulder once and she immediately looked away from him, groping for the door handle in her hurry to disappear inside her room. She turned and ran right into the door, banging her forehead on the wooden planks. Her hand finally found the handle and she swung the door open, not daring to look down the hall to see of Legolas had seen. Mortified, she scurried into the darkness of her room and shut the door behind her. Laimea leaned back against the door, breathing deep and muttering curses at herself. Everything she'd done tonight had made her look foolish, and she kept making it worse. Legolas probably thought her an idiot. She gritted her teeth and hit one fist against the door. 'Oh, stupid!' She scolded herself. 'You're acting like a child! Get a hold of yourself!' With a heavy sigh Laimea moved carefully into her room, using the moonlight that streamed in from one narrow window on the far wall to see. She saw her bed, moved to it and took off her shoes. Then she climbed in and lied down, willing herself to go to sleep. She found it difficult. She kept thinking of Legolas and all the tales her mother had used to tell her about the Elves. A beautiful people, a peaceful people . . . Legolas Greenleaf of Mirkwood . . . Laimea finally fell asleep.