to see you, too," he said, setting the hobbit down carefully and looking him over with a keen eye. He cupped Frodo's cheek and gave him a gentle pat. "You didn't think I'd miss yours and Bilbo's Birthday, did you?" Frodo shook his head 'no', his eyes dancing. "And what are you doing lurking along the road, waylaying innocent travelers? You haven't taken up Bilbo's old job as a burglar, have you?" Frodo laughed. "No! I have been set to watch the road. It has been so long since your last visit, we thought that perhaps you might have forgotten the way up the Hill, and gotten lost." "Hurumph! I have been lost and found more often than you've had hot suppers, young Master Baggins... well," and Gandalf prodded Frodo's round belly with a finger, "Well again, perhaps not! You've not missed many of those, I see!" Frodo giggled and sat down on the buckboard next to Gandalf. "I do my share of damage to the dinner table! And you look as though you have been doing fairly well yourself, Gandalf, though I don't ever remember seeing you looking less. Bilbo is expecting you, of course, but he will be so glad to see you've come. The waggon from Erebor only just arrived the day before yesterday!" Gandalf clucked to the pony and the waggon began to move forward. "Then Frerín and the team have arrived, eh? Excellent! The best Dwarvish chefs the Lonely Mountain has to offer! I was surprised--and delighted!—to learn that Bilbo had managed to lure them out here to cook for his Party... that is, I should say, your Party!" Frodo smiled and sat back, enjoying the view from the high waggon seat. "It's more Bilbo's day than mine. He does love to throw a Party. I have to say, I am rather looking forward to it myself now," and Frodo paused, his smile fading just a shade. He brightened quickly and chattered on, but Gandalf had caught with his keen eyes and ears the note of sadness in the young hobbit's manner. He said nothing, but listened to Frodo talk about Bilbo's plans. "... And there will be games, too, and music! Players from all over the Shire have been hired! There is only one thing I can think of that might be more exciting." Frodo gave a sly, sideways glance at the Wizard. "And what might that be, Frodo?" asked Gandalf mildly, his long beard failing to mask his own knowing smile. "Oh, a little smoke and fire," Frodo said airily, half-turning and lifting one corner of the tarpaulin that lay over the waggon's cargo. He managed to see only a couple of colourful bundles before Gandalf playfully rapped his knuckles with his long-stemmed pipe. "Not until the Party, my cheeky lad!" Gandalf said. Frodo grinned at him. They rode on in silence for a while, Gandalf puffing his pipe and Frodo rocking and bouncing as they trundled along the road. They came to the village of Bywater, and Gandalf nodded to the folk who waved and whispered. The wide wheels of Gandalf's cart barely fit on the bridge over the Water, but they made it across to the Hobbiton side and began to weave the wandering ways that led up the Hill. Frodo was thinking while Gandalf was smoking. "Can I ask you a question, Gandalf? Before we come home?" "Of course. What would you know, dear Frodo?" Frodo said nothing for a while, then he asked in a low voice, "What do dreams mean?" Gandalf shot the young hobbit a surprised look. Frodo's face was entirely sober and serious. "Dreams? Well now, there are dreams and then dreams. Why do you think they mean anything?" "I don't know. I have strange dreams sometimes, as I suppose everyone does. But once in a while I have a dream that doesn't feel like a dream at all but like...a memory, I think. But they are nothing of any time or place I have ever seen, and sometimes they make me feel very sad and small. Sometimes I have these dreams when I am not asleep." Frodo glanced up at Gandalf through his lashes, a look of worry on his young face. "Does that sound odd to you?" "No, not at all, my lad. It sounds very normal and interesting." Gandalf said comfortingly. "But what do they mean?" persisted Frodo. "This subject requires a long answer or none. We are coming to the Hill now. Let me think about your question, and you think about these dreams you've had, and later we will talk about it at length. Agreed?" Frodo looked up, shocked to see that they were riding past Bagshot Row and nearly to Bag End's door. "Oh! I am supposed to stay gone today! Bilbo is planning some surprise for me." Frodo stood up, and he laid his small hand on his friend's arm. "Gandalf," Frodo spoke softly, joy chasing away all the shadows of trouble from his fair face, "Gandalf, I am glad you're back!" Frodo then leapt from the rolling waggon, landing deftly on his feet at a run. He turned and waved back to Gandalf, still smiling broadly. Gandalf waved back at him. "So am I, dear boy. So am I" Frodo jogged back down the road; his head full of questions he wanted to put to the Wizard. He came by ways to the place where he had been reading, puffing a little from his run. His book was safe, still comfortably tucked into the protective hollow of the tree's heart. He retrieved it, but paused. He couldn't go back to Bag End yet. It would only be fair to give Bilbo a few hours with Gandalf. Frodo looked about and sighed. This was a truly restful place, after all, and now he was tired from his run. He settled beneath the tree, pillowing his head on his pack, and thought about his dreams until he slipped into one.