to not be able to breathe. "Oh," said Pippin, apologetically, "Sorry, Mer. Guess I kind of spaced out, there." He laughed. Merry smiled. "You… silly fool!" Merry tackled Pippin instinctually and started tickling him. Pippin was laughing so much that he was beginning to hurt, but he didn't care. He and Merry felt better again, and were acting the way they used to. He loved it. He loved Merry. The girls at the door were giggling. "Oh… oh, no!" laughed Lilliana. "They're so cute! Such friends, I don't know Mirabelle, they couldn't be…" The other maid, Mirabelle, covered her mouth to stop her silly giggling. "Oh, come, Lilliana, maybe they are but don't realize yet. I want to see where this goes," she snickered. "Hoy, we might see something interesting!" Lilliana snorted. "I don't think I'd want to, but, then…" her eyes blazed, "Then again, I haven't seen anything good for quite a while. Let us watch still!" The two maids laughed, and then hushed and watched again. Merry and Pippin lay, side by side, panting, gasping for breath, and still laughing. Pippin felt terribly like he wanted to go outdoors and have some fun, but then he remembered the epidemic. "Oh, Merry…" he said. Merry looked sideways at him. "When will this stupid sickness leave the Shire? I don't think I've ever wanted more to go outside and raid a vegetable garden, or something of the sort," Pippin sighed. Merry laughed. "Pippin, I couldn't agree with you more. But…" He looked down at the ground. "I'm afraid, with my dizziness, we'd just get caught, not to mention the maids might tie us down if we try to leave Brandy Hall in the first place." Pippin sighed. "Surely there's something we could do indoors, for fun…" he pondered. "I wonder if we could get some maids to play hide-n-seek with us?" he added, doubtfully. Merry shrugged. "Play hide-n-seek with Master Meriadoc and Master Peregrin? Oh, doesn't that sound fun," joked Mirabelle, silently. After a few moments of irritating silence, Pippin rolled over to look at Merry. Merry turned his head and looked back at Pippin. He suddenly blushed, without reason. Pippin giggled. "What's wrong, Mer? Feeling ill again?" And with that he kissed Merry, climbing atop him, without thinking, and running his fingers through his cousin's hair. Merry didn't know what hit him. While Pippin kissed him, his eyes just widened, and he froze up. He hadn't expected this, of all things, to be Pippin's idea of what to do as entertainment. Merry was startled, but finally shook himself out of it when Pippin pulled back and looked disdainfully at him. He blinked, trying to process what just happened, and then looked into Pippin's eyes, trying to figure out what was going through his head. Instead, Merry got what had been going through his head, earlier. He realized he had never expected Pippin to requite the feelings, or if he did, Merry had definitely not expected Pippin to make the first move, or for that matter, be on top . His heart began to beat faster, and he felt hot. Pippin smirked, watching Merry's face get deeper and deeper shades of pink. Then, he kissed him once more. This time, Merry kissed back, and held Pippin to him, not wanting him to pull back. Their body heat on each other was beginning to make them both sweat, but neither one minded. They just kept on with it, lost in their passion. Suddenly Pippin found himself undoing Merry's pants. He paused, not knowing what had come over him. But… he continued. Merry and Pippin heard a squeal. They both sat up quickly, blushing, Merry re-doing his pants. A gasp was heard at the door, and the voice of a female Hobbit cursing under her breath. Scrambling footsteps were heard, but Pippin was too fast, he had opened the door and tripped the two spies, who now lay on the ground, red as tomatoes, mortified. Merry walked up to the door, and gaped at the two maids. "Really!" he said, frustrated, "I ought to get my father to fire you both, right now! Spying on me…" Mirabelle started crying. "I'm sorry, Master Meriadoc! It's just, I saw Lilliana peeking in, and, and, I wanted… to know what she was looking at, that's all!" Lilliana looked flabbergasted. "What! Well, I… Master Brandybuck, I was wondering why you were cookin' and, I followed you to here, and it was so cute how much you cared about poor sick Master Took, and, well, I should have left, but…" she paused. "I was being rude and nosy. Just fire me, I'll leave…" she looked down at the floor, tears in her eyes. Merry licked his lips in thought, and looked over at Pippin. "What do you think?" Merry asked him. Pippin frowned. "Oh, Eru, they saw, Merry… What if they tell?" Lilliana gasped. "I surely won't tell anybody!" she promised. Mirabelle sat up, nodding excitedly. "Me, neither, Master Meriadoc, please! We promise we won't tell a soul!" Merry sighed. Pippin sighed. The maids sighed. "Fine," said Merry, hiding the fright in his voice, "If you promise not to tell anybody what you've seen, I won't tell my father you two were spying on me, and nobody will get in trouble. Okay?" The maids nodded, crying. "Yes, yes, of course, we promise, sir," they said, and went off to their business. Merry stood in the doorway with his arms crossed, unhappy. Pippin watched Mirabelle walk hurriedly off to do work. Pippinthen watchedMerry stare off into nowhere, thinking. Finally, with a disappointed smile, Merry said, "Nothing's ever private in this damn hole." Merry and Pippin laughed together. "Maybe another time, some other place…" sighed Pippin. "I'm sorry, Mer." Merry gave Pippin a noogie. "Don't be! Now… let's gather some maids and play hide-n-seek!" "Okay!" said Pippin happily, and they raced out into Brandy Hall, holding hands, laughing. The End :3 (Review, but keep all Homophobia to yourself. Thankees!)