went back to the room. Sleep did not come easily to me that night. *** There was a strange noise coming from the corner. I opened my eyes, my vision bleary and foggy, and looked out the window. It could not be dawn yet. I blinked hard, and tried to discern the crouched shape in the corner. I rushed over as I realized it was Eowyn, retching into the chamber pot. "I forgot to put one in the apothecary," she choked out as I rubbed her back. "I thought I could sleep on the couch there." She pointed to the room adjacent to ours, where she stored all her herbs and poultices. She sighed, and wiped her mouth, her eyes red and watery. "Come and lie down," I said gently, taking her arm. She pulled away from me, and attempted to stand. "Eowyn, I am sorry," I said, moving her hair from her face. "I am truly sorry. But my love, I cannot—I cannot lose you. I will not." "Coward," she said scathingly. "Is that what you are truly afraid of?" "I could not bear the thought of you—coming to harm," I said slowly, the image of her broken body on a forsaken battlefield rising through the fog of my mind. "Eowyn—I never want to keep you hostage. I never want to hinder you in anything you wish to pursue—perhaps I am being selfish—" "Perhaps? The thought of your failure is all that fills your mind! You do not care about me—I am a Healer after all! Why should my death frighten you? No, it is the thought that you might repeat the mistakes of your forefathers—holding the dead dearer to you than the living. Is that—" "How dare you!" I rose to my feet. "Is that what you truly think of me? A self-centered—I have only ever wanted what was best for you!" "And this is what is best for me?" Her voice was again choked with tears. "You think that telling me that you are not ready for our child—asking me how I could place this burden upon you—is what is best for me?" Silence. I sat down next to her again. "Eowyn, look at me." She turned her face towards me reluctantly. "Eowyn—are we to have a child?" Her eyes narrowed slightly. "Yes, of course we—" she began heatedly. then stopped. "Are you with child?" I asked stupidly, rubbing my eyes. "You said you knew!" she said, her voice quiet with surprise. "I thought perhaps my fatigue had—you said you knew, and I—" I clasped her to me, and kissed her on the lips, despite her protests. "I thought that you wanted to take up the sword again," I said breathlessly. "Your brother said he had never seen you this happy except during talk of battle, and I—you don't know—" Eowyn laughed suddenly, and wrapped her arms around me in return. "You listened to Eomer? You, who is known for wisdom beyond his age?" "Well, I didn't—" She put a finger to my lips. "Faramir," she said gravely, "when I gave up the sword, it was not only for you. I had fulfilled my dream, and found something still wanting. I had always craved for valor and renown, but I realized too late that valor gained by warfare was not my path. Now, I have a purpose—and I am content." "Or you were content before I hurt you!" I gathered her up in my arms, and carried her to bed, stopping suddenly before putting her down. "I can still hold you, can't I?" She laughed again. "It has only been five months!" she exclaimed. "Yes, you may—and you may also lie down next to me. Please?" I did so, and cradled her in my arms. "Please forgive me," I whispered. "I cannot imagine—what you must have thought!" "I could not sleep last night—I could not fathom what had come over you!" She caressed my cheek. "But Faramir, you do not have to worry about me—I am fulfilled with you, my love." "And I with you," I said, kissing her again. I knew I was grinning like an idiot, but I could not have cared less. "And I am happy about this child. Frightened, but happy." "More frightened than after what you assumed last night, after taking the estimable advice of my brother?" Eowyn's mouth twitched with a suppressed smile. "Yes," I admitted, laughing. "And I was a fool to listen to him. And I was a fool not to trust you." "Well, I trust you," she said gently. "And though I wish you had more faith in me—" "Let us promise each other," I said, taking her hands in mine, "to never assume that we know each other's thoughts." "Agreed. And let us never again take advice—" She broke into peals of laughter as I groaned. I lay silent for a moment, drinking in her lovely eyes, her sweet mouth. "Is it a girl?" I asked hopefully. "The Healers say that they will pray for a boy," she said, "but I feel that it's a girl." "She will be just like her mother," I whispered, kissing her forehead. She sighed, and rested her head on my chest. "I need to sleep," she said, yawning. "I always wake in the early morning, feeling sick—though I think I might have a tonic for it…" "Sleep," I whispered, moving her hair away from her face. "I will stay with you—although I would like to see Eomer's face sooner rather than later when we give him the news!" I felt her giggle. I put my arms around her, and waited for sleep. I knew it would come easily now. I loved and was loved. And by next year, I would have another wonderful being in my life to cherish. "Eowyn," I called her name through a yawn. "Are you happy?" "I am happy," she murmured, half-asleep. "Are you?" "No." I answered, kissing her cheek. "Happiness does not compare to this bliss."