off abruptly as another head appeared above the stall door. Intrancing gray eyes met his blue ones as a slow pink blush arose on her cheeks, he knew that face so well now as it had inhabited his dreams the night before. She must have been crouching in the stall for him not to have seen her before, she was nearly the height of her father. From the looks of her, she was tending the horse herself as she had a brush in one hand and a fist full of hay in the other which she was casually presenting to the mare, he noticed as he drew closer out of instinct to be nearer to her. She was covered in hay herself and wore a simple brown riding skirt with a plain white blouse that had seen better days and there was a smudge on her left cheek that attempted, but failed to hide her blush. Eomer had never seen anything so glorious in all his life. "Ah," Imrahil stated drawing Eomer's eyes toward him. "I didn't have the opportunity to introduce you last evening. Eomer, this is my daughter, Princess Lothiriel of Dol Amroth," he continued as he ushered her forward toward the door of the stall which was now the only thing separating them. "And, my dear, this is Lord Eomer, King of Rohan," he stated simply as Lothiriel presented her milk white hand above the stall door palm down. He bowed with reverence over her hand as she dropped a silent curtsy. "We were about to enjoy a morning ride ourselves, Eomer," Imrahil said as the two young people had eyes locked upon one and the other: one looking with utter shamelessness, the other with a blush of embarrassment. "I think that would be a great idea, Imrahil. I have left my guard behind so perhaps we can have a nice gallup over the plains, if the lady is up for it." She smiled shyly and then opened the stall door inward toward herself. "I find I am more than amenable to the task, for it was my dearest wish as soon as I first caught sight of the plains of Rohan. Unfortunately, I was unable to give my horse reign at the time, as we were traveling in cortege." "Do you profess to be a horsewoman?" The question came unbidden from Eomer. Was there anything about this woman that was not agreeable? "I am, though I doubt if one of the Rohirrim would name me so." Her eyes sparkled with a silent joke. "Well, we will find out soon as I must confess I am one of these Rohirrim of which you speak." His joke sounded stupid to his ears, but he was dumbfounded by her voice, her hair, her very being that gave off in great waves that unmistakable womanness that drew him near to her. "Yes," she said with a low laugh. "We shall see." She smiled again before dismissing herself to get the tack for her horse. She moved with elegance across the stable and the sway of her hips was hard for Eomer to draw his eye away from. "Does she always tend her horse?" Eomer asked into the empty void where she had once been. The answer came from behind him where Imrahil was still standing in the stall, "Often, she does, at home where she is allowed such liberties. I was just telling her that it was unnecessary to do so here, but she was appalled at the idea of not tending her horse herself amongst the great horsemen of the Rohirrim." Imrahil was smiling like he found her statement to be that of a small child who knows nothing, but Eomer greatly disagreed with him and told him so. "She has the right of it and I must admit I am rather impressed." "I had thought perhaps there was more than simply respect for my daughter coming from you just now, my friend." His words astounded Eomer enough to make him turn away from the vision of loveliness that was now sorting through the tack to find her saddle across the expanse of the mansion sized stables. "I will not lie to you, my friend, I am...transfixed." Imrahil smiled knowingly and moved from inside the stall to stand beside Eomer as he lay a hand upon his shoulder. "I recognized the look as the same that graced my face when I first saw my wife." The weighty statement and all it implied stayed in the air, though the men spoke no more of those words. "Last night I had no opportunity to speak to you about it, but your sons gave such different reports of your daughter that I found it hard to imagine such a person could exist." "Ah yes, my boys, all so different, Amrothos: wild, Erchirion: affectionate, Elphir: responsible. They all see in her themselves and they are not wrong. She is the wildest, kindest, most Queenly woman I could have ever imagined to call daughter. I am quite proud of her." He paused for a short moment as he watched his daughter returning with saddle in one hand as she flicked her hair out of her face with her other. "Which is why I could not part with her, but for the most worthy of men. Why I might even say I would not part with her but for a King." Before Eomer could even respond but to open his mouth in shock, the young lady was back and hurdling the saddle upon her tall mount. Eomer felt his internal gentleman come out and he began to assist her. The day that followed surpassed all Eomer's expectations when he had rolled out of his bed that morning. He now knew that he had not been abandoned to a lonely existence without his family, there was hope around the corner that family could be made anew. That hope had shimmering gray eyes and an infectious smile.