some sense into!" Gimli's voice was raised and the sons of Elrond were looking over now, amused expressions on their identical faces. "Will you hush, you miserable rock-hewer?" Legolas hissed at him. He gave Gimli his full Elven glare and Gimli reluctantly subsided. "You'll wish you'd listened to me. I'm going to make sure I tell your father I warned you. I warned you and you wouldn't listen, " Gimli said, in a far lower tone. "Can't say he'll be happy you won't be resting under his trees, raising crazy elflings for him to dandle on his knee!" "You would not dare!" Legolas looked at Gimli, his eyes wide. "Just you wait. Although as long as he's lived with you I doubt he'd be surprised you didn't listen to reason. He's probably used to it by now." Gimli scooted closer to Legolas and bumped his shoulder. Legolas bumped him back. Gimli gave an exasperated sigh. "I can't get rid of you, can I, stubborn Elf?" "No, you can't, sentimental dwarf." Legolas gave Gimli a smile and bumped his shoulder again. "I appreciate the concern, Elvellon. I am far safer by your side than anywhere else I could be." "Aye, and I am too." Gimli agreed, unable to avoid smiling back at that brilliant face. "Although I still think you will be the death of me. You do frustrate me so." Legolas leaned into Gimli. "I care for you too, my friend," he said quietly. "Aye, I know that you do. Let's get through this, lad, so I can dandle those elf babies on my knee as well. I want to have many stories to tell them of their flighty father." Legolas rolled his eyes again. "I make no promises about elf babies, Elvellon. Now will you get to sleep? I think I must sing you a lullaby after all." He glared at Gimli as the dwarf settled back onto his bedroll, removing another offending rock before finding a comfortable position. Gimli closed his eyes and as he did Legolas began to softly sing in Sindarin, his voice low so only Gimli could hear him. Gimli allowed himself a smile. It was what Legolas used to sing to the hobbits, in the early days of the Fellowship's travels, when Pippin and Sam used to startle at the slightest nighttime sounds. It soothed him more than he expected and he soon drifted off to sleep. Legolas continued to sing quietly to himself, even after Gimli's breathing became deep and even and the dwarf's usual cadence of snores began. He sang for himself now. He would get no sleep tonight but the melody took him back to happier times with the Fellowship and to long-ago memories from his youth in the Greenwood. Galadriel's words had bothered him more than he let on to either Aragorn or Gimli. He would not leave Aragorn, not for any reason, not now. This was Aragorn's hour to come into his own and Legolas would do anything to help him achieve that end. He owed it to his many years of friendship with Aragorn and he wanted this for Arwen also. He turned the words over in his head. Legolas Greenleaf, long under tree. In joy thou has lived, beware of the sea. If thou hearest the cry of the gull on the shore, thy heart in the forest shall rest no more. What did it mean? He thought Gimli was definitely overreacting. There was nothing in her words that made him fear for his death, no more than he feared on a regular basis-heading to fight the massed offensive of Mordor was risky on its own, cryptic statements or no. He looked up at the sky, the song fading from his lips. The clouds overhead shifted slightly as he gazed and he caught a glimpse of Varda's stars. The sight gave him joy, as it always did, but his spirit was still uneasy. Rest no more, he said to himself once again. He had already been restless in the Greenwood for many years, his travels being confined to Dale and Rivendell at his father's order. But he missed the Greenwood now, more than he had expected to, if he was honest. Despite its darkness and danger, it was home and he loved it with a passion, wanting nothing more than to wipe the shadow from it forever. He knew that just as war was surrounding him, it was surrounding the Greenwood and likely Gimli's Erebor even now. What would it be like to not find comfort in his home anymore? Is that what her words meant? Would the Greenwood survive the battles under its leaves? Or was it more complicated than that. What did the gulls have to do with it? He had never seen the sea. Never traveled this far south before and he had never ventured to the Havens, where Cirdan's people lived. The sea longing perhaps? He sighed, drew his knees up and wrapped his arms around them. It was rare that a Sindar or Silvan developed the sea longing. That was one of those Noldor afflictions, as his father referred to them-along with their dirge-like songs, their preoccupation with warfare, and their obsession with crafts. Could it be the sea longing Galadriel was hinting at? Could that be possible just by hearing the call of a gull? Legolas shook his head, his eyes looking down at Gimli again. He was getting as bad as the dwarf, dwelling on her words like this. What did it matter? He was not going to turn aside. His place was with Aragorn. And Gimli. He would do what he needed to do to push back the shadow, for the sake of all the free peoples of Middle Earth. Let the gulls cry. He could manage, whatever the consequence. He smiled to himself. Even if it was the sea longing, he doubted Gimli would let him dwell on it. They had things to do together after this war.