give me some much needed room to breath without scrutiny," he yelled. He clutched his chest as another bout of coughing shook his frame. Merry and Pippin stood with faces registering silent disbelief at the outburst from their normally docile cousin. Aragorn approached and waved the two gaping cousins back towards the cave. "Master Baggins, I would have a word with you, if it is not, now, too inconvenient," he said tersely. "It is most inconvenient, Strider. I wish to be left alone, if it is not asking too much," Frodo gasped. Strider watched as Frodo, entirely too close to the edge of the cliff for his liking, swayed. He was almost indiscernible as a hobbit for all the snow that had swirled and covered his small frame. "I have been most patient with you, my friend, and now it is time for me to look you over and see what can be done to make you well," he said sternly. Sam watched the exchange from the mouth of the cave as he gently broke off the ice balls that had accumulated on Bill's hocks. "I appreciate your concern, Strider, I truly do, but all I ask is for a rare moment of peace." Frodo's eyes locked imploringly with his gray ones. Tears began to slowly trail down the too hollow cheeks and a pleading look begged for understanding from the ranger. Aragorn felt overwhelming pity for the small being standing before him. "Please Strider. Please allow me just a moment. Just a moment is all I ask and then I will submit myself to your capable hands," he sobbed, hoarsely. "Very well, Frodo, but only a moment. This blizzard will only exacerbate your health problems and I am loath to have you stand out here in this cold wind, for longer than is necessary," Aragorn acquiesced, although a niggling worry in the back of his mind screamed at him to not allow Frodo even this small concession. He pushed the thought away as Frodo gave him a small, thankful, smile. He walked back to the cave and was immediately approached by an indignant Sam. "Aren't you goin' to bring him in? He'll catch his death out there!" Sam made to exit the cave to retrieve his master and bring him in from the blizzard. Aragorn reached out with one hand and dragged the hobbit back towards him, almost lifting the gardener off of his feet. "Frodo has requested a moment alone and I have granted it." Sam began to sputter a reply that Aragorn silenced with an upraised hand. "He tires of our constant worrying over him, even though it is not without merit and is only because we care so dearly for him, and has promised to come into the cave and submit himself to me for treatment," Aragorn explained softly. Sams eyes misted over as he watched his master from the shelter's entrance. "You'll make him better Strider," it was not a question but a statement put in a firm tone. "I will do my best, Sam. Now I believe a fire is in order." Gandalf gave him a surprised look, which Aragorn returned with one that brooked no rebuttal. "A fire will be needed, Gandalf, not only to keep the hobbits and the rest of us, from freezing but to make Frodo a hot meal, tea and medicines. I know you fear discovery but it is necessary, I assure you," He said with authority. "Very well, Aragorn. I tend to agree on this matter. It would do us little favor on our quest if we were to freeze to death in the process, I suppose," the wizard relented with a sigh. Sam smiled and scurried away telling Merry and Pippin about the prospects of a hot meal. They collected the wood Bill had been kind enough to carry, and flint with newfound energy, and set to building a small blaze. Their hearts were immediately gladdened as they reveled in the heat. Aragorn approached the mouth of the cave deeming that Frodo's 'moment' had expired and prepared himself for the inevitable argument that always ensued when he had to examine and treat, the ringbearer. But as he exited the cave two things happened in quick succession. A bolt of lightening zigzagged across the sky and struck the mountain above the cave. Everyone jumped to their feet in alarm, Gandalf grabbing his staff, and ran to the entrance. Frodo spun around and looked in alarm at the mountain above him as a cascade of boulders made their way towards him. His mouth dropped open and his eyes widened as he turned to run towards the cave entrance. Aragorn began yelling his name, encouraging him to move faster. But the fatigue that had slowly sapped his strength during the climb now worked on his limbs and he found he could scarcely lift his legs due to exhaustion. Aragorn saw his predicament and began to move towards him when he noticed that the ring that lay on the narrow chest had begun to glow and pulse with a brilliant orange light. Aragorn watched in horror as a second bolt snaked across the sky and connected with the orange circlet causing Frodo's shoulders to arch back. His head snapped back as his eyes went wide in terror and pain, his mouth open in a silent scream. The chain that held the evil token, stood out from his body as if held by an invisible hand. The small body twitched and shook until finally, the bolt released the ring and thus, its hold over Frodo's frame. Frodo collapsed in a heap on the cliff's ledge. Aragorn moved with new found urgency, to exit the cave but was pulled back brusquely as the opening was, unceremoniously, sealed by a fall of boulders, rocks and snow from the mountain above. His last sight of Frodo was of the slumped form of his friend being swept over the ledge to plummet into the chasm below.