moved after him. "I've waited so long..." she moaned as he looked up at her without moving more than just his head. "Please" she pleaded. "Nobody has to know" she asked, pulling on his muddied shirt. "Everybody will know" he growled and pushed himself up, grabbed hold of her and pulled her against him. "I plan to tell entire Arda that I love you and that we made love" he groaned, moving his hips against hers. "But I don't want our first time to be like this" he moaned. "Covered in mud. Hastily. On the ground in some crater. With Elladan waiting for us." "We can't take Elladan home until his injuries have healed... Don't make me wait for that to happen" she moaned. "I want you now!" "You don't want you first experience with love making to be special?" he asked softly, caressing her muddied cheek with his hand as he looked at her. He saw the anticipation in her eyes, he had seen it many times before when she stood on the verge of acquiring a new curriculum and it always made him smile that she was so eager to learn something new. But this time he didn't smile as it wasn't only she that would be experiencing something new and he did want it to be special, something to remember for the rest of his life. "I want it to be with you" she whispered, looking up at him, "that will make it special enough for me." "So eager" he sighed. "I can't Lorwen... I love you and I want you, but I want to feel your skin... Not this mudd" he muttered and ran his fingers over the drying layer on her cheek. "I must admit... I can already feel the sand crunch between my teeth" she sighed. "I can imagine it wouldn't be... pleasant... Perhaps we should find the waterfall so we can... clean up?" "I will make love to you" he promised, kissing her lips softly again. "Just not... right now... Although I want to" he moaned. "I understand" she smiled. "Do you?" he asked as they started walking towards the waterfall that they could see from where they stood. "You have no idea what it does to me when you talk about touching yourself..." slowly reaching for her hand. "What does it do?" she asked, enjoying his hand on hers and entwined her fingers with his. "Pretty much the same as what you feel when you... touch yourself" he moaned. "It makes me want to... make love to you" he moaned. "Sorry" she sighed. "No reason to be" he smiled. "In my dreams we already... went much further than that" he added and frowned when he realised something. "I didn't... Valar, please tell me I haven't behaved inappropriate towards you when you slept besides me, did I?" he moaned. "No" she smiled, shaking her head. "You held me. It felt good. You did kiss me last night..." "Is that why you... decided to tell me how you felt?" he asked softly. "No" she sighed. "After what happened... What we did... I had a nightmare last night and crawling in your arms I felt safe, again. When you ran off after we woke up... I begged Elladan to tell me what I did wrong..." "He believed I was taking advantage of you by holding you... He knows how I feel towards you... But he... obviously didn't know how you felt... You never even spoke to him about your feelings?" "No... Why should I talk to him about what I feel for you? Orophin knows... Nobody else." "Why Orophin?" Elrohir frowned. "Because Ada and Rumil refused to speak to me about... love... Orophin was... openminded." "Did he tell you how to ... touch yourself?" he whispered. "No, of course not!" she exclaimed. "Other elleths did" she whispered and blushed again. "I learnt something new about elleths... Something I didn't expect" she whispered, lowering her gaze to the ground they walked on. "What then?" he smirked. "They are... very mischieveous" she sighed and averted her gaze. "Because they touch themselves? Ellons do that to you know" he smirked. "In a way..." "To eachother?" she asked and he nearly choked in his own tongue. "No, not to eachother" he coughed. "I found the idea of speaking to Elladan about it embarrasing enough, let alone letting him see or do it for me?" he gasped. "You mean to say... an elleth... touched you?" he groaned. "She wanted to show me how to... I didn't believe her when she told me how good it felt" she sighed. "Was I wrong to... let her?" she asked as he stopped walking and stared at her. "You were right" he sighed as he continued again. "I didn't know they where this mischieveous either." "Apparently bathing together degrades elleth's morals" she sighed. "Orophin suggested I'd stay away from the bathing area and tell nobody about what happened." "You told him?" Elrohir exclaimed. "According to him it was only best that I didn't tell Ada..." she nodded. "I can imagine" Elrohir muttered. "I think they do it because they are bored... They have nothing else to do all day long... I'm so glad I have something to live for" she sighed. "We only talk to each other about these things" Elrohir sighed. "Not even to adar..." "The way he freaked out when I had my first period I decided never to talk to him about elleth stuff ever again" she moaned. "Orophin found it amusing and suggested I'd talk to him since he claimed to be an "expert" on the matter... Still he doesn't know everything about elleths either" she sighed. "You missed your naneth then, didn't you?" Elrohir sighed, pulling her against his side. "I had Methien... but it wasn't the same" she sighed. "Water, finally" she moaned when they arrived at the river, "It's starting to dry" she added as she peeled off a part of the caked mudd of her arm.