minutes. Sárawen took his arm and they left. Vanyamorë shook her head. Her eldest sister was very brave, indeed! "Who is he?" Inyarë asked again, nudging her friend. "His name is Rúmil. He is a warden. My brother knows him well, and I have spoken to him a few times." She wagged her finger. "His is kind, but beware of his flattery. If possible, he is a bigger flirt than Sárawen and you would both be wise to ignore his remarks." Vanyamorë nodded and drank her wine. "Húriel, may I have the next dance?" Vanyamorë looked up. "Indeed, Hóron." Húriel smiled up at her brother. "But should you not be tending to Wendel?" "I have danced with her three times already!" he said. "Very well." Húriel took his arm and they departed. Vanyamorë saw Tindómë dancing with an ellon, and she knew at once that it must be Túron. Tindómë was a sweet young elleth, who would never do any wrong to her friend. Míriel had exaggerated her tale again. Tindómë said something to her dance partner and he laughed and kissed her forehead. Vanyamorë smiled, glad that Míriel had given him up, for Tindómë looked truly happy. Inyarë hurried off and found a partner, and Vanya watched with joy. She really had never learned to dance. She loved to watch the partners glide across the room, skirts flowing and laughter coming from their smiling faces. She relaxed into the comfortable chair, found a new glass of wine, and sighed. X An hour later, she was still seated in her chair. It was hot in the Feasting Hall. She waved a hand in front of her face. An ellon was coming her way. He was looking directly at her. Dread seeped into her chest. Would he ask her to dance? She stepped back, turned, and ran. She would be safe in the garden. No one would find her there. She darted out the door unnoticed, leaving the poor ellon standing alone by her empty chair. She stumbled out of the room, her mind muddled and her feet aching. Outside was freezing and the moon hung pale and cold in the dark sky. The garden was lovely. Many of flowers did not bloom in autumn, but the marigolds were big and contrasted nicely with the multi-coloured trees. My, but it was cold! Especially when the wind blew. Her eyes landed on the private and warm gazebo. She ran along the well-tended path and under the archway the gazebo. Vines hung thickly about the walls, vines that, in the spring, were covered with blue and violet blossoms. It was warmer there, and safe from the wind. She sniffed and hurried in further, and turned around. Someone was already there. A he. And He was sleeping. She swallowed, backing slightly away. She couldn't help but stare at his stately clothing. And that light hair! By the Gods, it was marvelous. She had to leave at once before she did something stupid to embarrass herself. The ellon sat. His eyes were open now, bright grey eyes that stared straight into hers and made her heart stop. Would he be angry? He must be a guest! From Lorien or Mirkwood… her mind was a muddle of startled confusion. After a moment he smiled a dazzling smile. A bit drunk, but still dazzling. "Welcome lirimaer," his voice was husky and – almost amused. "Have you come to spend the night with me, my beauty? I was looking for a lovely thing like you, but nothing at the party was handsome enough to interest me. However, you look most pleasing." Her heart was pricked at his crude comment, and her blood flamed. "How dare you!" she gasped and nearly fainted when he stood swiftly and in one stride was right up next to her. "Leave me be and let me go!" He was so very tall when he stood, and his hands wrapped about her wrists in a vice-like grip. "My darling, surely you don't mean to leave the celebrations so soon? Perhaps we could have a little celebration of our own, right here." She gasped at this and made to cry for help but he pushed her up against the wall of the gazebo and fastened his lips against hers so strongly that she could do nothing. For one, she was terrified, for another, she was shocked, and most importantly, it was the first time anyone had kissed her. His mouth was warm against hers; his lips were soft and his grip on her wrists was strong. With great care he massaged her lips with his own, until finally, when she was sure he would pull away, she felt the strangest thing—it felt like his tongue!—press against her lips. Then he nudged against her jaw with his fingers, coaxed her lips apart, and really kissed her. Kissed her! Her knees melted and when he pressed one rock-solid leg between her thighs she felt the queerest sensation in her lower stomach, fiery and unfamiliar and wonderful. A tiny noise escaped her throat and then he had pulled back and he was chuckling… Chuckling? Her face flamed. "Let me go!" she beat her hands against his chest. "Let me go this instant!" "As you wish, lirimaer." He dropped his hands from her wrists and backed away. "Might I add that it was you who invaded my privacy?" "If you think—" "Your dress is lovely," he cut her off. "I can almost see your breasts," he stated. "The cold air has made them even lovelier." "OH!" she gasped, and fled from the gazebo clutching her arms to her chest. His low laughter followed her all the way through the garden. X Author's Note: Here are the translations of the main character's names. They are all Quenya names. The sisters are very young in Elf years. Sárawen is not quite five hundred when the story begins. Sárawen – Fiery Maiden Vanyamorë – Dark Beauty Míriel – Lady Garlanded with Jewels