by cart. Gimli's horseback riding days were long behind him. The leisurely pace of the cart let them enjoy the scenery and their time together. Until they heard the gulls and Gimli saw the change in his friend's face. A part of him was overwhelmed with guilt at what he was doing to Legolas and what he had set in motion. Once they arrived however, it seemed his fears were baseless, for Legolas was far more in control than he had been at Mithlond. He was effortlessly pleasant to the Prince of Dol Amroth as they were shown to their stately quarters in the palace. The Prince offered to show them around the harbor the next morning. That too went without incident. Legolas' exchange with the shipwrights was unexpectedly lucid and shockingly erudite on the subject. Gimli was pleasantly surprised at the knowledge Legolas had retained, considering the state he had been in at the time. It seemed Elven memory functioned even in a muddled state. Legolas asked pertinent questions, provided salient comments and overall behaved in a far more clear-headed manner than Gimli had expected, more at ease in his proximity to the sea than Gimli had ever witnessed previously. Except for the moments when Gimli caught a glimpse of the muscles clenching in Legolas' jaw. It was then he realized just how tightly his friend was exerting control over himself. Legolas, as if to prove a point, proposed they stay another night. He had received a grudging commendation from Gimli on his apparent grasp of the information and Legolas had responded with the offer to stay as an apparent peace offering between them. It was at dinner that night that the thought came to Gimli. "Legolas, what if you build your ship while we are here? Not that you are going to sail it right away," he said, as he caught the grimace that crossed the Elf's face at his words. "I'm not saying that. I know you will want to argue with me but we are here. We have no other pressing concerns. You seem to be tolerating it remarkably well. What if you just build it now with the shipwrights? Then it is ready, whenever you may need it." Legolas had opened his mouth to protest but no words came out. Instead a fond look came over him and he said wonderingly "Why Gimli, I really must have a physician sort you out. That is perhaps the most sensible thing I have ever heard you say." Fortunately, the bread rolls were at Gimli's end of the table so it took no effort to fling one squarely at the Elf's laughing face. He dodged it, of course, his reflexes being what they were but it still gave Gimli satisfaction to have done it. Legolas threw himself into the project. Day by day the little ship took shape. Gimli would stroll down to the dry-dock during the day to watch the progress. Legolas proudly pointed out all the innovations, modifications and alterations he had commissioned, to make it his own. Gimli noted the shipwrights were looking far wearier than when they had first agreed to this project. The Elf did have that effect on people. But with time his iron self-control and ability to distract himself began to falter, the sea capturing him again at last. Gimli could hear him pacing restlessly at night. He would find Legolas perched on a tower wall in the morning, looking weary. Gimli discovered him on the balcony, the night of the heavy storm—the rain pouring down Legolas' face as he let himself be caught up in the song of the sea, the waves crashing in the distance as the shoreline flickered with the lightning. They might have overstayed their welcome. The ship was built. It would be ready. It would stay in Dol Amroth, cared for by those who helped him build it, until he needed it. Gimli had pushed and he had finally gotten something in return other than harsh words. It was time to take Legolas back to Ithilien. When Gimli gently suggested over dinner that it was time for him to leave the Elf disagreed. "I don't think I'm ready to go yet." "I know you are not ready to sail—you have told me so yourself. But the ship is now built and will be waiting for you when you are ready. It is time we returned to your forest." "No, Gimli. That's not what I meant. I mean I am not ready to go back to Ithilien." Light flashed in those green eyes and then came the words Gimli had not heard in years. He felt a thrill run through him, a growing wave of excitement as Legolas said "Gimli, I have an idea." He could not turn down the chance for a last adventure with his friend, by far their most daring one. That was why Gimli found himself gingerly making his way aboard Legolas' ship. His gait was slow and he walked carefully, aware of the gentle rock of the vessel even as it was anchored at the dock. He had Legolas' arm to hold and the Elf kept him steady. In moments, he was comfortably seated at the prow as the Elf checked his provisions one last time and completed a final survey of the ship before casting off. Gimli had not expected to enjoy the sea spray that hit his face, the salt of it crusting in his beard. He had not anticipated the exhilaration he felt as the wind caught their sails and they flew across the water. The sun warmed his back and the breeze cooled his skin. A broad grin creased Gimli's face as he turned to look back at his friend, navigating their course from the stern of the ship. He met Legolas' eyes and saw the sparkle that had not been there for years. Gimli let out a roar of laughter at the sight. He had missed this.