clearly on some errand or other, Aragorn was supposed to be ensuring his belongings were all placed correctly to be taken out when he was about to leave, and Legolas... well... he had no idea, but he needed to talk to him. "Legolas, a moment if you will..?" Aragorn had increased his pace a little, moving more swiftly down the corridor... "I need to speak with you." It was clear from the almost reluctant way that the elf turned to look at the human that Legolas was less than willing to consent to the conversation, he did however pause, his friend had asked him to... and he was aware that Aragorn would soon be making his way, he would soon be leaving... "Of course my friend, though a moment alone it can be, I am required by Elrond..." A very small smile touched the elf's lips as he turned fully now to face his friend. "A moment alone it shall be then..." The words were quiet as he spoke, and at once he stepped closer to his friend, reaching a hand out to catch one of the elf's hands. "I simply need to ask something... as you know I am to begin the journey to Gondor today, but before I took my leave I felt I need to speak with you... I have to know Legolas, is there something unsettling you? You have seemed a little disquieted to me. I could not in good faith leave this place not knowing what is between us." He gave the hand in his a gentle squeeze, holding the slender but strong fingers in his broader once for the moment. It was one of their touches, and even now it didn't feel uncomfortable. Legolas however did not speak at once, he was clearly thinking, his brows had knit a little and his eyes had flicked to the side. He did not however make any move to pull away from the human who held onto his hand so carefully. When he finally did speak his words were rather quiet, but they were firm. "I am quite okay... I have had many thoughts on my mind, my dear friend, there are many changes coming to pass at this time, and each one must be considered." He paused for a moment. "There is nothing between us that will dampen this friendship, the distance was a result of my now negativity... you are to go away, you are to marry, and I know I to shall be leaving this place, and soon these very shores as well." He shifted his other hand up so that he could rest his fingers on the back of Aragorns hand. "I am merely unsettled by the knowledge that I will miss you and may only see you but a handful of times more..." It wasn't a lie. He wouldn't lie. He could see the relief in the humans face as he spoke and felt a warm rush of pleasure run through him. He had spoken as his friend wished to hear... that was all he could have wished for. "I trust that you would tell me if there were something I could do, if there were anything amiss and I could assist you..." He let a smile touch his lips. "I will miss you as well, my friend, and I hope you will find the time to make at least one trip to Gondor... I can assure you I will always, always be delighted to see you..." He smiled again, the expression tinged with sorrow as he spoke, and for a moment he considered lifting a hand, just t touch his cheek, brush his chin... something, but he didn't, instead his simply shifted his thumb once, slowly over the back of his friends knuckles. "Then I will do what I can, I am sure you will be occupied a great deal of the time, and it does at least to some degree depend on my own situation, but you have my word I will put some effort into the attempt..." His smile had softened, it was nice to have been asked for... he should not have invited himself, but now he would not feel... that he should stay away. That was a nice sensation... "I must move onwards now Aragorn... I must get to Elrond before he sends for me again." He tightened his fingers around Aragorn's hand once more before stepping away, pulling back, breaking the hold between their hands, pulling them apart... Aragorn almost felt like there was something closing between them, a door... "I will bid you farewell, Aragorn... maybe I will see you once more today, but you have my word, my honest word that I will do everything I may to see you in Gondor in future days... for now though, farewell." And with that he turned away, lifting a hand in a parting wave before he vanished around a bend in the corridor, his long, blonde hair flicking out behind him just a very little as he walked away, he was walking fairly fast. That was the last sight of Legolas Aragorn saw before he left Gondor a mere hour or so later. He'd glanced back once as he rode away, Arwen at his side, and she had reached across and brushed her gentle hand over his arm. "You could go back to him..." But he could not. He knew what he was doing was right, he had faith in his convictions. Going to Gondor was the right thing. And there we go. I can easily enough just leave this as it is, I wrote with the design to have it as a one shot, single chapter, stand alone thing, but as I wrote I realised I could also go somewhere with it if I decided to, so for now I'm going to leave the option open. What do you guys think? Let me know if you like it if you have the time~! Lora x