a bit reluctantly. Faramir opened the book and turned to the first page he was met with elegant script and detailed sketches of everything that had happened to her. Her death, her arrival in Ithilien , the ambush on the path, her interrogation and finally her wait in the holding cell. The last paragraph spoke of her fear of Faramir's decision and under that paragraph there was a sketch of his face smiling a sweet gentle smile. He looked at Selene and back at the art work and writing in the book. He closed it and handed it back to Selene. "Your not lieing or making any of this up are you?" he asked flat out taking Selene off guard with the sudden question. " No I am not making this up or lieing. I have been telling you the truth this whole time and I had hoped one of you would at least listen to me and give me a chance." she said weakly " Do you honestly think I could have made that all up?" she says pointing to the images she had sketched into her book. "No you could not; even the brightest of children has not that great of an imagination. But these are dark times you have walked into. I will not send you to my father in the city you can thank me for that small mercy." he said sadly " Why what is so bad about your father?" she asked curious of what would happen if she was sent to the city. " He would listen to your story call your a witch and have you executed without a second thought." he said flatly not buttering over anything " So why are you believing anything I am saying if your father won't?" She asked honestly curious as to why Faramir was not more like his brother and father about this. " Because I knew a man who was a great wizard and he told me once one day something or someone would come to Middle Earth and their arrival would give hope and bring a new weapon to the table. He never told when it happen if it would be an object or a person. I didn't know what to expect but I waited, looking for a sign of some foreign object or evidence of an out-landish person. So when I saw what you did to my men and how you fought when you were brought here I knew you were the person my friend spoke of. The wind that will change the tide." He said his voice full of hope. Selene looked at her hands not sure what to think of this information. How could she possibly change anything here? So much was happening all at once that it would be impossible for one girl to change the fate of a whole struggling world. "Did this friend say anything else of what I do or look like when I got here?" she asked grasping at information to get an idea of her purpose here. " He said nothing of whether you would be man or woman. To be honest how he spoke of you I was expecting a man . As for your what you are to do he did not say. Only that you would come bearing a weapon no one has ever seen before and that you would help shift the tide of this war for the better." he said his voice and eyes filling with hope the more he spoke. Selene wished she could find the same hope that he seemed to be living off of at the moment. She had no idea what weapon she was suppose to bring and how that would help her shift the tide of the war. She figured it would have to be something she found out along the way. " So what are you going to do with me now?" she asked trying to hide the twinge of fear in hear voice. "For now you will stay with me after tonight you are no longer a captive. You will work for doing what ever task I give you. You will have to work hard to earn the trust of my men and deal with their anger till they come to trust you. I will try and find you some new cloths we can't have you walking around looking like that and..." " Do you have a spare bow I could barrow?" she asked cutting him off "Yes" "And a needle and thread I could use?" " Yes why do you ask such strange questions?" Faramir asked very confused be her strange string of questioning. "I will make my own cloths if that is alright with you? Save you the trouble of having to find me new cloths to wear." she said simply " Very well I shall fetch you a bow and you may go out after the men are asleep to use it and I will accompany you to make sure you don't try to run off on me." he said sternly " That's fair." she said without complaint " Very well I will bring you a needle in thread for now as well as some blankets and food and water. But for tonight you will stay here. Understood?" he said becoming a commander once more and no longer the open minded scholar that had once sat a top the barrel only three feet away. Now he stood tall and proud his face empty of emotion and his voice full of command. " Understood my lord." was Selene's quiet reply He nodded then ducked out of cell and went to fetch the things he had promised to bring to her. She Leaned against the wall and sighed into the growing darkness of the cave. " Thus two worlds join and our lives, dear Captain, now collide." she spoke into the darkness even though there was no one there to hear it.