momentary mind link to name you Elvellon," He looked more serious then and added "It should be no more than what I have with Aragorn, if that. A vague awareness of you and a sensation when you are in danger or distress. Not more than that." "As long as you promise I will not be subject to your flights of fancy about birds and trees and streams cluttering up my thoughts!" Gimli said. The frown smoothed away from Legolas' face. "Nay, Gimli. It is just the touch to bestow Elvellon and the sensation of the other. No more than that." "But what you have with Aragorn?" Gimli persisted. "I sense his spirit, I suppose you could say. In a vague manner. Enough to know he is alive and well. Were he injured or in distress I would feel a mild discomfort from him. He senses much the same from me. But remember Aragorn has been Elvellon for many years and has spent much time among Elves. " Legolas paused then continued. "I have known him for years, so perhaps it is more noticeable to us, after all this time." "True, you do seem to often perplex and irritate him still, so it is obvious he doesn't have that much insight into your thoughts, nor you into his," Gimli mused. "Do you accept?" Legolas asked. "The title of Elvellon—one who has been chosen and trusted enough to walk freely in our realms, to learn our language, to be part of our culture?" "I most certainly do! You grant me a great privilege, my friend," Gimli agreed. "What must I do now?" "Just give me your hand. It needs physical contact. I will speak the words in Sindarin and when I touch my forehead to yours remain calm and try to open your thoughts to me," Legolas said, moving to kneel in front of Gimli and motioning Gimli to stand, so their heads were nearly even. He reached for Gimli's right hand and held his gaze steadily. He began to speak and Gimli caught the few words he knew already—mellon and Elvellon. Gimli kept his breathing even and his eyes on Legolas. When he finished speaking Legolas leaned forward to gently rest his forehead on Gimli's. Gimli had seen him do this exact thing with Aragorn, especially after they had been arguing. Legolas' forehead felt smooth and cool. Legolas closed his eyes, so Gimli did the same, breathing evenly and clearing his mind of all except the quiet around him. "I name you Elvellon, Gimli son of Gloin, from now until eternity, freely granting you safe passage, solace and aid from all the Elven realms you encounter to the ends of Arda and beyond," Legolas whispered, in Westron now. "I accept this gift and pledge to safeguard the one who bestows it and all who honor it, to the ends of Arda and beyond," Gimli replied. He had no idea if these were the correct words or if he should be speaking at all, but he said them anyway and felt a light squeeze on the hand Legolas was holding. His forehead grew warm as he spoke and he noticed a brightness, not one he could see with his eyes, but that he sensed inside. He opened his eyes and met Legolas' intense gaze in front of him. Legolas leaned back and let go of Gimli's hand. "It seems to have worked," Legolas said, standing up now. "I can sense you." "It seems it did," Gimli agreed, noting that the brightness he had noted when speaking the words had remained, dimmer than before but still able to be sensed. He looked up at Legolas. "You'll never be able to hide an injury again, I'll have you know, if Aragorn and I both can sense it." Legolas snorted and shoved Gimli's shoulder roughly. "Perhaps this was not one of my best ideas, after all." Gimli grinned up at him. "Don't doubt that I recognize the significance of this, Legolas." "It will certainly make bringing you to Eryn Galen for a visit interesting!" Legolas said, grinning back at Gimli. "Not half as interesting as when I bring you to Erebor," Gimli countered. "We shall see. I have met Dain. You have not met my father," Legolas retorted, bumping Gimli on the shoulder. Gimli bumped him back and then they walked together to their friends, who were still smoking and watching them curiously. "Are you all sorted out then?" Merry asked. "No more fussing at each other?" "Oh, I do not think we will ever stop fussing at each other," Legolas said. "How would I know Gimli was well unless he fussed at me?" The Elf laughed. "The Elf is too flighty to avoid being fussed at," Gimli added. "Someone needs to keep him focused." "You seem to be better at getting each other into trouble than out of it," Aragorn observed. "No worse than you, Aragorn," Legolas said to him. "You have gotten me into more trouble at home than I could get into on my own." Merry sat back, resting on his elbows and looking satisfied. "It's just like old times with you all pestering each other." "All we need is Sam, grumbling about the food, Gandalf scolding someone and Legolas singing," Pippin added. "I am sure Gandalf will find something to scold us about on his return," Legolas said. "But I can certainly sing for you Pippin, if it does not grate on Gimli too terribly much," Legolas said, smirking in Gimli's direction. "As it's your birthday I must endure it, I suppose," Gimli rumbled. He leaned back, mimicking Merry's position. "I can't remember the last time I heard you sing, Legolas!" said Merry. "Lothlorien, I think." "Worry for you two spared us his chirping for a time at least," Gimli said, glancing at Legolas as he spoke, the indulgent expression on his face contradicting his words. Legolas ignored him, settled cross-legged on the rocks near Pippin and softly began to sing.