there were signs that someone or something had used this forsaken trail within the last week. He wondered in the back of his mind who could have also taken this route that was otherwise untouched by civilized life. He put the thought aside and began his climb. The route was proving to be much more arduous than he remembered from his youth. The gentle roll of the foothills was steadily growing steeper. There were parts of the trail that a mountain goat would have had trouble crossing. The further he went along the trail the slopes turned into shear walls of granite. By dusk he was scaling vertical faces to maintain his bearing on the antiquated path. Signs of habitation came into view as he climbed ever higher. Here and there small holes in the otherwise smooth cliff face gave Tamorae a fleeting glimpse into the bowels of the mountain. They were, however, too small for his gaunt frame. So he climbed on. By nightfall he was nearly at the gates. He slowed his climb and soon found himself standing on a rocky outcrop just below the main gates. He stopped and made camp for the night. He decided that he would present himself before the master of the mountain hold in the morning. The night was restless for him. For once Tamorae was glad to see the dawn break on the horizon. Settling his nerves, he began his path anew and covered the half milae that lay between him and the gates of Argent De Fael. A guard stepped out of the shadows and gave the order to halt and state his business. "I come to present myself before Lord Delan in hopes that he may find me worthy of serving under his banner." Tamorae began and then thought to himself how stupid he must sound to the man standing before him. The guard was eerily silent for a moment, then he turned and made a sweeping gesture with his hand. He turned to Tamorae and spoke. "Very well, follow me and I shall take you to Lord Delan and let him see if you are fit for service as a warrior. If he finds you to be of use then you can expect to be treated fairly and well compensated. If he deems you unsuitable for the front lines, then he may have various tasks better suited to your abilities. Come." And at that the guard led Tamorae through the winding halls towards his fate. Delan sat in the central cavern awaiting the return of the dragon riders with their report. A messenger came through the heavy oaken door. The young lad approached Delan. "Milo," He said breathlessly. "You have a visitor who wishes to serve under your banner. Shall I let him in?" Delan was startled at the news that someone had gone through the trouble of seeking him out to ask to serve under him. He thought for a long moment. Seeing that whoever was seeking him may well be that cold sorrow that he had felt in his dreams he told the messenger to bring the man forth. "Bring him forth. It is not taken kindly to leave a guest waiting to see his host." Internally Delan's mind was a minefield of questions and thought. But there would be time for that shortly. For the moment he had a guest to entertain. Tamorae was led in by one of the gate guards. He gestured greeting to Delan in the way of his people. He bowed slightly and placed a closed fist over his breast. Delan returned the formality out of courtesy and motioned for the guard to return to his post. He then spoke to Tamorae. "Welcome, my guest to Argent De Fael. I hope that you will find the accommodations to your liking. But I stray from your purported purpose for being here don't I? Very well though I find this sort of thing to be rather loathsome let us begin with the mild formalities. I, as you may already know, am Delan Sunaki. Some would call me Lord, others king. But, to most I am Delan. I am tasked with maintaining order and defenses to this hold. Being in the position I am, it is a privilege for me to be able to dispense with some small measure of responsibility to others better suited to the tasks at hand. But enough of that rant. I have but three questions for you. And at the risk of sounding crude I place them thusly. What is your name? What skills to you bring? And finally, why should I place my sacred trust in you? You may find that the last question is not one to be answered easily. Some have spent a lifetime trying to find the answer to it. But the answer is not cut and dry it is indeed quite fluid and unique to the individual is it not? Ah, but I again tarry on frivolous matters. Please be seated so we might finish part of this task before the noon meal is prepared. Have you eaten yet today? I apologize for not making the offer sooner my mind is elsewhere today." Tamorae took a moment to reply. Delan's questions were indeed crafted to make one think about themselves. The first question could be answered easily. The following two posed a greater mental drain. "To answer your first question, my name is Tamorae Miyalne. The following two, however, I do not have a ready answer for you. I can only speak for some small skill as a warrior and a scout. As far as why you should trust me, there is no reason why you should. I am but a lost soul in the night trying to find my way back into the light of day." Delan smiled. Before him stood one who shared a kindred belief. They were few and quite far between. It was a long moment before Delan spoke again.