Aragorn chuckled, "I can think of no better primer for negotiation. Anyone who can talk Frodo into something he does not wish to do would make an exemplary diplomat." Frodo took advantage of his new found freedom and, after a period of frustration at his inability to walk as far or as long as he wanted to, slowly built up his stamina almost to the point prior to his wounding. His melancholia all but disappeared and frequently his clear ringing laughter could be heard about the Last Homely House. In fact, Frodo had felt so good that incidents of pranks had increased exponentially. Merry and Pippen had been frequently the culprits, but now there was a certain 'flair' to the pranks that had been lacking prior to his constitutionals. Elrond could never seem to catch the Ringbearer in the act but after querying Frodo on numerous occasions and receiving only wide, innocent blue eyes and apologies for his cousins, always with the barest hint of a smile, Elrond was convinced that the latest hijinks had been the work of Master Baggins. The Elf Lord decided he needed help of a different kind to stop the mayhem that had overtaken Rivendell, so he, once again, called Aragorn to ask for assistance. Aragorn found himself in Elrond's apartments for the second time in as many weeks, having tea and talking quietly about the Fellowship's preparations for the journey to Mordor, when the conversation turned to the four hobbits. "Estel, have you given any thought to the hobbits going on perhaps, an extended hike?" Elrond said quietly, his eyes studying his son. Aragorn slowly swallowed his tea and put the cup down. He grinned, "This would not have anything to do with the flurry of pranks, would it?" Caught, Elrond's eyes dropped to his hands, "Estel, in an age of man, I have never experienced this much chaos in Rivendell." He looked up at Estel in frustration, "The hobbits have too much free time on their hands and are in need of diversion. I would ask you my son, to take these four…gentlemen…away from Rivendell for an extended outing, if for no other reason than to allow me some much needed rest and a chance to regain my composure. Take them … anywhere," he waved his hand in the air making it obvious he did not care where they went especially as long as they were occupied elsewhere. Aragorn chuckled at Elrond's expense, "Surely it is not that bad, Ada," he smirked. Elrond hesitated before beginning to list the recent activities of the hobbits. "Firstly, *someone* placed grease on the interior door knobs in all of the bathing areas. After the victim found his hands covered in grease, he would go to the sinks and try to wash it off. Little did he know that the soap had been tampered with and would stain the hands blue of whoever used it…dark blue." Estel's smile grew. "Glorfindel went to the stables yesterday only to discover Asfaloth wearing one of my favorite robes and Gandalf's pointed hat was sitting on the horse's head tied with a large pink bow. How they got that horse's legs into those sleeves I will never know." Aragorn was bent over laughing so hard he could not catch a breath. "Then there was the incident with the honey…" "Honey?" Aragorn wheezed. "Yes, apparently Legolas enjoys communing with the ancient oaks in the courtyard. At the end of each day, he sleeps beneath the giant oak in the center of the area. Obviously, someone has seen him come there on a daily basis because *someone* suspended a burlap bag of goose feathers above the area where he usually lies. Two days ago, while Legolas slept, *someone* drizzled honey all over the elf but mostly in his hair then loosed a stone, possibly from a slingshot, into the burlap bag, covering Legolas in feathers." Elrond's color was very high as he stood, frowning down at his foster son who was laughing loudly and bent nearly double as he clutched his stomach. Aragorn wiped his eyes repeatedly as he tried to regain control of himself. He held up his hand, "Stop please, I can take no more," he gasped. "Merry and Pippen's pranks were more of a spur of the moment type of activity…simple and to the point. These latest antics have had more attention to detail and were done by *someone* who has patience, and cunning, a person that is clever, and mentally keen and he is wreaking havoc on my home." Aragorn smiled, "Frodo." Elrond nodded, "I believe that the normally dignified and proper Master Baggins is … repaying me, for his perceived exigency due to his illness." "Ada, Frodo does not seem to be a vindictive person. Are you sure you are not feeling perhaps a small amount of paranoia?" Elrond smiled, "Perhaps I am, though it does my heart good to know that Frodo still has that playful nature within him." "I believe Frodo is strong enough to go on an extended outing," Estel mused. Levity gone, Elrond frowned. "He is not as strong as he thinks he is yet. The wound still pains him…it probably always will, however if he and his cohorts have enough energy to stir up so much trouble at this peaceful sanctuary, I believe they will all do well redirecting their focus on other pursuits." Aragorn smiled, "Very well, I will take them on an extended march. It will make them stronger physically to begin walking about the valley and they will need that strength and stamina for our journey. If I can teach them some basic survival skills that would be an additional boon, but I would prefer this to be a more exploratory adventure. There is so much beauty in this valley they have yet to see; perhaps this expedition should be one of discovery and enjoyment." Elrond nodded, "They will have enough trials once they leave the protection of Rivendell." TBC