still, was lying on a blanket with her mother under a young beech in the garden, Sam felt old and tired. The third time the Sea called to him, it was the first of September and he was watching his grandson Barwick weeding the flowerbeds under the window of the study at Bag End. He had to think back to an evening in April 64 years ago, when he had done the same and listened in on Gandalf and Frodo, and so his great adventure had begun. "Maybe it's time for one last adventure," something whispered in his mind, and again, there was the rolling of the waves, just like that day when he had stood at the Grey Havens until deep into the night, looking out at the Sea long after the ship with Frodo on it had disappeared. There was a fourth time that Sam heard the Sea, in the black of the night when he lay asleep in his bed, and dread overtook his heart as he dreamt and saw himself lie pale and dead, all his family gathered around him with tears on their faces. "This is not how it should end," the waves murmured into his ear with Frodo's voice, and the image disappeared. Instead, he saw a long column of Elves, slowly wandering through woods and meadows, singing sadly as they went and left Middle-earth behind forever to go West. The last of them turned suddenly to look at Sam, and it seemed as if he were asking him: "What are you waiting for, Master Samwise?" When he woke up, the sound of the Sea was still clear in his ears, and it was then that he made up his mind. .-.-.-.-. Sam reached the Havens in the afternoon of the 22nd of September, and he was not surprised to find a party of Elves waiting by the shore. When he approached and dismounted his pony, they came to greet him, and when one of them spoke to him, he recognised the Elf who had spoken to him also in his dream. "You are just on time, Master Samwise," said the Elf. "We are setting out to Aman in only a few short hours, as the sun goes down into the Sea." They shared one last meal on the soil of Middle-earth, after which Sam sent his pony on its way back home. Then they all went aboard the ship that was waiting; the sails were set, and a fresh wind blew and sent them on their way into the sunset. Sam sat leaning against the mast and hummed to himself an old song he had learnt from Bilbo when he had been no more than a lad. The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say. This time, though, Sam knew what lay at the end of his road, and as he went over all the events which had led him here in his mind, it appeared to him that his journey had never stopped since he had set foot out from Hobbiton to go with Frodo to Crickhollow, and that it had been a journey not only on his feet, but also in his heart, towards understanding. And when in the end, the ship reached the Western shores, there was a small figure waiting at the pier, looking out in their direction, and then directly at Sam when they were near enough to recognise each other. Frodo's face was lined gently and his hair was white like Sam's, but still he looked better and healthier than before he had left Middle-earth. It was as though a great burden had been lifted from his shoulders, and when Sam went ashore and Frodo took his hands and said, "My dear Sam," there was no remnant of sadness in his voice or eyes, no trace of the pain and the darkness anymore, only the joy of their reunion and anticipation of what lay ahead. It was then that Sam found confirmed what he had understood in his heart only when he had set foot on the ship; that everything was as it should be, and that they had both needed all these years apart, to live their lives and recover from old wounds, which otherwise might never have healed completely. After all they had gone through, they deserved happiness together, deserved this and nothing less; for Frodo no longer to bear the burden of his task even long after it was over, and Sam the burden of watchful worry for his master. They could not have had this back home, but now they were free, were only Frodo and Sam, both of them whole and with no shadow between them. Sam thought back to the Shire and all its dear round faces; those who grew up with him now grey and wrinkled with merriment, the young ones listening to the adventures of the legendary Bagginses and their companions wide-eyed and open-mouthed, quite obviously wondering if they might ever go on an adventure themselves. He thought of many evenings at the Green Dragon , of ale and much singing, of Merry and Pippin, now Master of Buckland and the Thain. Sam thought of bouncing first his children and then their children and grandchildren on his knees, of quiet hours with Rose and long afternoons tending the garden of Bag End under the summer sun, and he was glad and grateful. Then Frodo put his hand on Sam's cheek, they were in Aman and at the end of their journey at last, together. As they leant in to kiss, Frodo's eye sparkled as they had many years ago when they were both young and free of sorrows, and it made Sam's heart sing. The End