and for him to strike a pose. He took a second to place on some darks glasses and a large overcoat before turning up the collar and walking out of the council, shielding his face from the following flashing cameras. "Gondor has no King," pouted Boromir, his bottom lip stuck out, clearly jealous of Aragorn's fame. "Gondor needs no King." He sat back down and wrapped his head in an Imladris-Quick-Heal-Bandage (only £4.99 per roll). "Aragorn is right," said Gandalf looking crestfallen. "We cannot use it." Obviously the wizard had had plans concerning something along the lines of world domination. "There is only one thing left to do," said Elrond, who had suddenly decided that, after all, the council was named after him, so he spoke in a very deep and foreboding voice. "The Ring must be destroyed." An unseen band suddenly struck up a deep and dark chord, and Gimli leapt from his seat. "What're we waiting for?" he cried, and lunged forwards, his axe raised in his hands, roaring a challenge. He tripped. Falling forwards, he cracked his head on the edge of the stone table, then landed on the floor and, due to his portly figure, trampolined out of the settlement and landed in a river just near Bree, where he lay unconscious for a long time. Elrond raised an eyebrow that seemed to have a life of its own and bawled in the direction of the post-flying dwarf. "The Ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli, son of Glóin, by any craft we here possess!" He turned to Frodo and began a staring contest. "It was made in the fires of Mount Doom. Only there can in be boiled, fried, served with chilli sauce and finally," his eye glinted maliciously, "unmade! One of you must do this," he added. Obviously it couldn't be him, he was too old, but they weren't to know that. Boromir slapped his forehead with his hand. "One does not simply walk into Mordor," he said, clearly trying to suppress his impatience. "You have to ring and make an appointment with a call-centre somewhere in the Grey Havens, and do you know how little english they speak? And then you get put on hold for so long with that feeble pipe music playing over and over and over, and then you get put through to the wrong department..." His explanation went on for several hours. "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said?" piped up Legolas, clearly feeling he'd been written out of the script for too long. "The Ring must be destroyed!" "And... I suppose... you're the one... to do it?" panted a now conscious Gimli, who had just returned from Bree via jogging. "And what happens when we fail?" called Boromir, wanting attention. "What happens when Sauron takes back his bling and mosies down to Imladris and busts us all up?" "I will be dead before I see the ring in the hands of an elf!" cried Gimli, and with that, the dwarves and elves launched into a massive brawl, which was basically just a huge cloud with words like "Pow!", "Whack!" and "Kerthunk!" flying out of it. Every now and again you could see a dwarf fly out and then struggle to his feet, and jump in again. Boromir cracked his knuckles and dived into the fray. Gandalf clapped his hands gleefully and began laying about anyone he could reach with his staff. Frodo looked at the Ring. It seemed to be calling him, and somehow bursting into flame. He stood up. He didn't know what made him do it, just instinct, he guessed. Then again, it could be something to do with the fact that a dwarf had just grabbed his seat, pulled it from beneath him and walloped it around the back of an elf's head, who still managed to stay upright. "I will take it!" he called. "I will take the Ring to Mordor!" He paused for effect. "Although, I do not know the way..." "I will help you bare this burden, Frodo Baggins," said Gandalf, walking over to stand with him. The only unstable wizard in Middle-earth , thought Frodo, and I have to get him . "As long as it is yours to bear." Aragorn burst from a ring of photographers. "If by my life or death I can protect you," he said, throwing away his coat and glasses, "I will. You have my sword." "And my bow," said Legolas, dropping the dwarf he was strangling. "And my axe," said Gimli, not to be outdone, and dislodged his aforementioned weapon from the chest of an elf. Gandalf winked at Elrond, who, to the surprise of many, winked back. (Cue all the Gandalf Elrond shippers having a field day. There's one…and there's another…hmm…the third one must be off sick.) "You carry the fate of us all little one," said Boromir, leering slowly forwards. "If this is the will of the council, Gondor will see it done." Then, from nowhere, Sam parachuted into the area. "Hey!" he called, landed none too gently on Elrond's head. "Mr Frodo's not going anywhere without me!" "That is clear, Master Gamgee, as you even resort to sky-diving to be by his side," said the elf lord, rubbing his head. "Oi!" came a shout. It was Merry and Pippin. "We're coming too! They'd have to send us back tied up in a sack to stop us!" "That can be arranged," said a nearby elf, grinning evilly and stretching a length of rope between his hands. He was swiftly tackled by two cameramen, who, after all the mess-ups, wanted to make the ending decent at least. "Anyway," said Pippin, "you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission... quest... thing..." Gandalf slapped him round the back of the head. "Nine companions," said Elrond, quickly doing the mental arithmetic. "So be it. You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring!" "Excellent!" cried Gandalf, who promptly fell over with a heavy crash and began snoring.