bowl. Legolas quickly grabbed his arm. "What in Valar's name do you think you're doing?!" Legolas exclaimed, sounding a bit angry. "Are you SPIKING the punch bowl?!" Aragorn laughed. "Relax, Leggy," he said, using the nickname he had decided would fit Legolas. "I made it and tested it on quite a few of my elf friends. Trust, me, it won't hurt them, and they'll wake up tomorrow feeling more rested than they have in a lifetime." Legolas glared at him suspiciously. "What does it do?" he asked, trying to make his voice sound cold, though it was difficult, considering that he had begun to like Aragorn, and his reckless attitude. It was a nice change. Aragorn grinned slyly, a grin Legolas would later learn was never, ever a good thing. "It's like a truth serum," he explaining, his bright green eyes glinting mischievously. Legolas, sensing that that couldn't possibly be all, said in a pointed voice, " And ?" "And it also makes them extremely horny." Legolas stared at Aragorn incredulously for a few seconds, before doubling up with laughter. He started choking; he was laughing so hard. "Are…you… serious ?!" He gasped. Aragorn, also laughing, said, "Yes, I am so serious. And it will make them tell the person they feel the most attracted to how they feel. It's quite fun to watch." Legolas, despite how amusing this sounded, still felt hesitant. "But…what if it hurts friendships?" "Don't worry," Aragorn assured him. "They'll only remember tonight if it will help them more than it will hurt them, or if they really want to." "How on middle earth did you manage to do that?" Legolas asked in amazement. "A lot of stealing Gandalf's spell books, help from a bunch of elvin friends, and a lot of late nights," Aragorn said grimly. "So can I spike the punch, or not?" Legolas thought about it for a grand total of two seconds, then a sly smile not unlike Aragorn's came to his face. "What do you think?" he asked, smirking. Aragorn grinned back, and poured the rest of the white powder into the punch. One Hour Later Legolas observed his fellow elves with growing amusement. They were acting completely crazy, and making out with each other like crazy. One thing he found most intriguing was that it wasn't only males shacking up with females. There were also females getting it on with other females, and males snogging other males. He knew it was accepted in elvin society, he had just never seen it happen before, and it caused an odd quivering in his heart, mainly when he looked at the males making out, and it turned him on extremely, and he hadn't even had any punch. Aragorn had left about fifteen minutes ago, saying he'd come back when the elves started shagging, which looked like it might happen any minute. Legolas looked around, but he couldn't see Aragorn anywhere. A slight frown creased his forehead, and he reluctantly wandered away from the snogging elves in search of his friend. He went outside into the gardens and quickly spotted Aragorn standing over by the rose bushes. He began walking over to Aragorn when he heard Aragorn talking to himself. "Just cool it," he heard Aragorn muttering. "It's completely natural, the way I'm feeling. Just ignore it. I'll be fine." "Just ignore what?" Legolas asked in a slightly amused voice. "I didn't know you liked to talk to yourself." Aragorn practically jumped out of his skin when he heard Legolas' voice. He turned around and saw who it was, but he didn't seem to relax at all. His eyes narrowed. "Were you spying on me?" Aragorn asked Legolas suspiciously. Legolas rolled his eyes. "Yes, because I have nothing better to do on a Saturday night than spy on paranoid humans. Aragorn quirked an eyebrow. "Do you?" he asked. Legolas smirked. "I'm an incredibly gorgeous blond elvin prince. What do you think?" "I think somebody's conceited," Aragorn muttered, but the corners of his mouth tugged upwards slightly. Legolas' smirk widened. "You know you can't resist me," he said lightly. "What?!" Aragorn exclaimed. "That's not-what?!" "You know it's true," Legolas said, holding in laughter. "Stop denying it to yourself." "Fine," Aragorn said, and he grabbed Legolas, and yanking him close, kissed him hard. It was meant to be a joke to freak Legolas out, but instead what happened was a wave of heat passed between them. Aragorn's hands, which had originally been grasping Legolas by his shoulders moved down to rest on his hips. They were kissing feverishly, neither one of them really knowing what the other or even what they themselves were doing. Legolas found himself opening his mouth very slightly, and felt Aragorn slip his tongue in. Legolas then pulled away from Aragorn quickly. He placed a hand over his mouth, his eyes wide and his face shocked. He turned around and ran into the castle. "Wait! Legolas!" Aragorn shouted. He ran back into the ballroom and looked around for Legolas anxiously, but all he could see were blonde elves fiercely kissing each other. He caught sight of a lone blond figure running up the stairs. He ran towards the stairs, chasing Legolas. Unfortunately, Legolas, being a full elf, was faster than Aragorn, and was able to reach his room first and slam the door shut and lock it. "Come on, Legolas," Aragorn shouted, banging his fist on the door. "I'm sorry! I was just kidding! I promise it will never happen aga—" The door flew open, and a hand reached out and yanked him inside. Legolas slammed the door shut again. "You needn't shout," he murmured. "I could hear you perfectly well." "I'm sorry!" Aragorn burst out, ignoring Legolas. "I never meant for it to go so far. I was just messing with you." "Oh," Legolas said in a strange voice, before walking over and sitting on his bed. "Because I wasn't." I hope you all like it. Thank you for reading. LTV