to be members?" Eowyn giggled. "I know! It's gonna be amazing! And scary!" she exclaimed. We nodded in reply. Ever since I watched Lord of the Rings I had wanted to be part of it. Now it had finally happened! After a short meeting with the Fellowship, we began to practice with our weapons. I was surprised at how quickly I adapted to using a bow. I had taken karate and technically still was, only we were in Middle Earth. It made it easier with the strength I needed to use a bow. The strength wasn't the problem though. I had a hard time aiming. It took me about thirty tries before I could even hit the target. It took Angie only one more try than me. I guess that was pretty good for never having used it before though. And I blame our teacher. Eowyn was doing better with her sword. Boromir was teaching her, Merry, Pippin, Sam and Frodo how to use swords properly and they took turns battling each other. It was interesting to watch. As I said before, I blamed our teacher for Angie and I taking so long. Though I couldn't be bad at him, or frustrated because guess who that person, I mean Elf was? Legolas. It was Legolas. Obviously him since he was pretty much the best archer in all of Middle Earth. He actually asked if he could train us. I nearly freaked out but I knew that I'd be thrown out of the Fellowship if I freaked out on him. "Put your hand a little higher up," Legolas told me. "And straighten your arm." I blushed when I saw that my arm was bending down a lot. He put his hand on my arm and put it in it's correct position, causing me to blush more. When he noticed me blushing, his face flushed slightly as well. Get together Laura! He's only Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood! I mentally face palmed. Great! Now you're making yourself even more nervous! Oh shut up! After my hands were in the right place, I aimed and shot. And missed. After a few tries Legolas went over to help Angie. I continued to fire more arrows until I was completely out. At the end of the day, we were all exhausted, though we had already improved greatly on our fighting skills. "Oh I am so tired!" Angie exclaimed as she collapsed on the bed we were all to share. Eowyn and I sat down and nodded. "So am I. I'm extremely nervous about the Quest a few days from now," I said. "I don't feel like I'm ready to fight orcs." I really wasn't. In fact, I don't think anyone was really ever ready to fight orcs. I'd be amazed if anyone was. "Neither do I. But we're gonna have to fight," Angie replied. "At least I think so. If we don't do well enough in training for the next few days we're gonna have to be sent back to our 'home.' I can't believe you lied about Gondor, Laura." I sighed heavily and apologized for my little lie. It was the only way I could've gotten us into the Fellowship. "I for one am ready to fight," Eowyn added. "I can't wait to knock some orc heads off with this!" she exclaimed. She pulled out her sword. It gleamed in the firelight, and cast an eerie shadow on the wall. I smiled slightly. Just seeing that made me feel adventurous. Then I remembered what would come with slicing an orc's head off. "But blood! Fighting with swords and bows comes with blood! I might faint in the middle of battle!" I worried. In truth, I had never really fainted from blood or injuries. But the sight of blood had always made me sick. Which was not good if you were about to go on a journey where you were bound to see lots of blood. I didn't like that idea one bit. "It's alright Laura, you'll get used to it," Angie said. I shivered. I would never get used to it. I knew that as a fact. And the thought that I might see it so often to even have Angie consider me getting used to it was horrifying. We talked about our journey ahead for a few more minutes and then I realized how tired I was. "Well I'm going to bed. And if you wonder why we're so tired it's because we got up at 6:00am Earth time, and when it was 7:00pm in Earth, it was around 11:30am in Middle Earth. Well now that's it's around 9:30pm, it's like we've stayed up until three thirty in the morning!" I exclaimed. They thought about it and nodded. I was correct and I knew it. I smiled smugly. "No wonder I'm so tired. It's a good thing they gave us these nightgowns," she said looking over at the neatly folded silk white nightgowns. "And by the way this is way better than camping in my backyard," she pointed out. We nodded. "I know," I replied. "Come on, we better get some sleep. We'll need it," I said. We all took turns using the room to get changed and then we climbed into bed. The blankets were warm but they were also cool. It was very pleasant. I didn't go to sleep for a long time after the others had. I was thinking deeply about the journey ahead of us. It would be extremely dangerous, especially to us. We were just teenagers. I was the only one who knew how to fight with my hands. We could get extremely injured or worse yet we could be captured and tortured. I'd rather die immediately than be tortured to death. I was suddenly struck with fear and worry. There wasn't just the worry of being injured, there was the worry of never returning to earth. Let me just say, this was going to be quite an adventure.