of your vagina appear perfectly normal . . . a nice, healthy pink, with no signs of inflammation. Though," he added after another moment's examining during which Frodo attempted not to squirm due to sheer discomfort, "there is a good bit of mucus discharge being produced and pooling at the bottom, making it a little difficult to adequately examine the opening of your cervix. I must clear some away so that I may get a better look." Feeling strangely unsurprised at this newest tear at his dignity, Frodo simply nodded and watched as Aragorn turned to retrieve something from the table beside him. When he turned back, the Hobbit saw that he was holding a paddle that was obviously meant to assist Aragorn in the task of clearing away the discharge. He felt a stab of irritation as Aragorn once again urged him to relax as he leaned forward and began to guide the paddle inside. Immediately Frodo tensed, the foreign feel of the object entering him unpleasant and the metal instrument holding him open made even more so by his clenching muscles. "Breathe, Frodo. Relax your vaginal muscles for me. Tightening them will only make the speculum more painful." Aragorn's voice was kind and sympathetic as he rested a hand lightly on the Hobbit's thigh in reassurance. "It will be over quickly." "I'm all right," Frodo said after several moments, during which he took in several deep lungfuls of air and told his body sternly to relax. Aragorn resumed the insertion of the paddle, speaking all the while. "Very good, Frodo. Now that it is inside you, I will proceed to scrape away the discharge. You may feel some discomfort as I scrape at the back of your vagina, but I promise there will be no real pain." Frodo nodded, feeling utterly incapable of speech as Aragorn began the procedure.The feeling of the paddle inside of him was altogether as uncomfortable as he'd thought it to be. It moved against his cervix in a sweep that prickled strangely, making him whimper as it moved. "It's all right," came Aragorn's gentle voice again. "We are almost there, Frodo. One more time." Frodo endured the scrape of the wooden paddle once more, and then sighed in relief as it was withdrawn. The relief was short-lived as Aragorn leaned back in to continue the scrutiny, his view of Frodo's cervix now unobscured. The Hobbit now made a point of staring at the stone ceiling above him, steadfastly refusing to glance down his own body to see the dark head between his legs so intently examininghis insides. The sound of the King's voice floated to him, once again resuming that strangely distracted cadence as he murmured over what he saw there. "Your cervix is perfectly normal for this stage of pregnancy—tightly closed, and with no sign of any irregularities." As Aragorn spoke, Frodo felt the device shift inside him and waited for several long, agonizing moments for Aragorn to complete what the Hobbit was quickly beginning to label as a new kind of torture. But Aragorn seemed content with looking for a bit longer before he finally spoke again. "Now I will guide this out of you slowly, Frodo, so that I may observe the upper and lower vaginal walls as I do so. Keep yourself relaxed …" Temporary relief gripped Frodo as the instrument was slowly withdrawn—much too slowly for Frodo's taste---a very odd sensation that was far less uncomfortable than when it was going in. But relief gave way once again to embarrassment as the device left his body with a very audible suck. "There we go," Aragorn said, seeming not to have heard the noise or—Frodo realized—choosing to ignore it to try and preserve some of his patient's thoroughly shredded dignity. Frodo felt Aragorn withdraw finally frombetween his thighs and forced himself to look at the human as he spoke once more. It wasn't quite the words of closing and dismissal the Hobbit had hoped for. "Everything looks fine, Frodo. The rather excessive amounts of discharge are quite common during pregnancy. Though," he added thoughtfully, "you might perhaps wish to use a cloth at regular intervals to clean yourself." Feeling it impossible to become any more mortified, Frodo listened with a slightly shocked expression as Aragorn spoke. There were things like "might have some spotting for a day or two" and "may wish to refrain from vaginal penetration in the last weeks of your pregnancy," all of which made him feel even more battered and violated. "In summation," the King finished, "you and the babe are both quite well." Frodo let out a shaking breath, thinking his ordeal over and attempting to scramble out of the stirrups that held his feet and into a sitting position. But to his dismay, Aragorn rose and stayed his movements. "What else is there?" he asked, almost desperately. "I wish to check your breasts, that is all. To ensure that you are preparing in all ways for the birth. This is the final part of the exam," Aragorn reassured the now distraught-looking Hobbit gently. "I promise, Frodo." Unhappily, Frodo let his gown fall fully open as Aragorn requested, exposing his swollen belly and equally swollen breasts. Aragorn's large hands explored each one separately, pressing and squeezing, making the Hobbit yelp as his over-sensitive and sore nipples were touched. Whatever Aragorn discerned from his manhandling of Frodo seemed to please him, for he murmured a soft "Ah, yes. Perfect," as he finished. "Is that all?" Frodo had never been so anxious to flee Aragorn's company in all the time he'd known him and at his friend's nod, he nearly fell off the table trying to get down once his feet were freed. "However," Aragorn stayed his movements with the words, "I wish to see you back here for weekly checkups." This was too much for the poor Hobbit, who burst into tears, deciding that Lothlorien would freeze before he ever let Sam touch him again.