nightmare?" I'd been having them all week! They ranged from truly terrifying, like the one where I was being tortured, to just plain odd, like the one I had just had. I nodded, my throat felt too raw to speak. "You were screaming." Legolas brushed the hair that was plastered to my forehead away. I didn't want to tell him what I'd seen. It was too horrid, and I'd seen battle at its worst! What scared me more was the fact that Ada, who was currently visiting with Fae, Hal and my brothers, had been watching me with sympathy all day. It was like he had seen, and felt the horrors the night bought me, but for him, it was more than a dream. Ada could see the future. But how could this be the future? Death and war? No one knew we were here! No one even knew we existed! As far as they were concerned, we were a myth, created to entertain or warn children. "Mummy?" A tiny figure stood in the doorway, complete with teddy bear. I knew Galadriel liked surprising me, but that one was just ridiculous! Someone up there loved me, my daughter; Artemis was living proof of that. Even from here, I could see her eyes- piercing blue framed by thick, black lashes, wide with fear-, some of her chocolate brown hair was obscuring my view. Fae appeared in the doorway behind her, dressed in a tight, baby-blue, silk nightdress. "Come on. We've got a big day tomorrow. Let's get you back to bed" She gathered Artemis in her arms and carried her back down the hall. I sighed. I desperately needed to sleep, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. Thankfully, my excuse came barging through the door, right on cue! Elrohir stood in front of me, his eyes wide. "Katie, we need extra hands in the infirmary!" Dressed in my night gown- which was an infirmary gown I hadn't been bothered to replace. I was in here often anyway! - And matching robe I hurried down the corridor with Elrohir on the lead. "Elrohir, I dead on my feet!" I whined, yawning to emphasise my point. "There's a wound we need you to look at. There's an entry wound, no exit wound and no sign of what's in there or how much damage it's doing!" He hurried through the door, leaving me standing in the corridor. I sighed again and followed him in. On the bad lay a small girl who looked no older than maybe 20, but was in fact 25. Her golden curls were matted with blood and tangled around her sweat covered face. Elladan sat beside her, holding her hand and muttering soothingly to her. "Jess!" I dropped my robe to the floor and quickly washed my hands in the bowl on of the nurses here handed me. They weren't trained healers. They were just here to look after the patients and make sure decent feed! Jessica's face was stained red and had Ada carefully stitching every open scratch. Thranduil was working on resetting her badly broken wrist. She was lying on her stomach, with a nurse keeping pressure on her back. I lifted the blanket and saw a small hole in the right side of her mid-back. "She's been shot" I could see Elladan about to argue. "Not by an arrow. There's a small chunk of metal in here somewhere" I gulped. This was gonna hurt like hell! I made a small cut on four sides of the hole, trying desperately to ignore her screams. Elladan kept up his effort of trying to sooth her. His eyes were wide and desperate, begging me to help her. I carefully and slowly slid a finger into the widened hole, searching for the bullet. Jess' shrieks were loud enough to wake the dead! My finger reached the bottom of the hole, brushing up against a deformed little chunk of metal. I hooked my finger around the bullet and reefed upwards. With a little noise that was cross between a slurp and a pop, the bullet came free. Jess gasped and slipped into unconsciousness. I didn't blame her! Ada finished stitching the bullet wound. "How long will it take for her to heal?" My question was directed to Thranduil who was staring at me from across the room. "I can't tell. Maybe a week" Ada replied. Elladan was staring intently at Jess. Elrohir looked confused and was eyeing his brother with interest. There was something going on with Elladan, and I didn't know what it was. If I could catch his eye for even a second, maybe I could work it out. But there was no chance of that. His eyes were firmly glued on Jess; as though he were afraid she would vanish the second he looked away. "I'll be back then to erase her memory then" My words sounded hard and cruel. I almost hated myself for saying them. But I knew Jess couldn't stay here, it would put us all in danger. "We can't send her back!" Elladan jumped up. Everyone could only gape at him. I finally got a good look at his eyes. I was nearly knocked over with surprise. My brother, the famous flirt who I'm quite sure had slept with every woman in the elven kingdoms…had fallen in love. I don't mean a one night stand, or admitting that Jess was hot. He had finally found the woman of his dreams. He quickly composed his face. "There's something that complicates the matter" He pulled back a few strands of her golden hair to reveal delicate, pointed ears. "She's one of us!" Hey ya'll! I really hope you liked my first chapter! I know that my last two chapters of Adventure of Middle Earth were a bit of a letdown, sorry about that! But I'll redeem myself now! Thank you so much and please review and let me know what you think! Luv ya, Lost!