eyes skimmed across all the activity that was taking place, he did notice Eofrol had walked over to a the remains of an old hut and was leaning against the frame, appearing to look in. Aethor saw her turn and walk calmly towards the rest of the group, who were all mounting up with various riders for their journey back to the village where they were snatched from. Aethor waited, as the woman had asked him to. He had dismounted from his horse and was sitting looking without seeing, into the one fire that was still alight, smoking his pipe. His wife and children were on his mind. His wife had always said that he was a good man. And smart enough to look before acting. It was not long before he heard the footsteps. They were approaching from the direction of the old hut. Reaching to his waist, he drew his sword and laid it across his lap. Then in a calm gentle voice he called out "If you would not mind, could you approach from where I can see you"? Aethor listened as the footsteps stopped. They started again soon after, however they were taking a route that would lead the maker of the noises into his front arc. An orc was not what Aethor was expecting. Startled by the realisation that an orc stood merely feet away from him, he stood and held his sword in guard position, ready for the charge he was sure would be coming. However surprisingly the orc did not charge, in a gravelly voice the orc said "Huh, knew it was too good to be true, a man who might help me" the orc looked down at its knees and then stood and looked Aethor in the eye "might as well end it now then, one clean cut and its all over, no more pain, no more persecution" Aethor was shocked. He had never heard an orc speak before, let alone so eloquently. In a curious voice Aethor asked "what do you mean, 'too good to be true'"? The orc stared at him, "that woman, Eofrol, said she had found a man who might help me, I just want a place to stay for a while. I can earn my keep and I just want to grow up, then I can leave and never come back". Aethor looked the orc up and down. And then it hit him. It was a she. The she-orc was around 5,6, not too much shorter than Aethor himself, her breasts were noticeable but not huge, her legs were well muscled and gleamed in the firelight, and her face. Her face reminded him of his wife, with a blunter flatter nose, and a heavier brow, but certainly feminine. "Eofrol said you might take me in, she said you were a good man who would think before he ran me through. I see she was wrong now". The she-orc dropped to her knees. "just end me". Aethor looked at where the orc was kneeling. Taking a decision he sheathed his sword at his side and sat down outside the arm reach of the she-orc. "do you have an name, orc"? The she-orc looked at him, with eyes that were misted over. "My name is Urzoth, and I ain't no snaga , I'm an Uruk. I was sold by my clan to slavers to get them through the winter. All I wants a place to rest until its gets warmer" Urzoth looked up at Aethor, "please, I can work". Aethor looked at Urzoth. Then the obvious question sprung to mind. "Why didn't you go with Eofrol, she seemed sympathetic to your cause"? Urzoth shrugged and grumbled "Some kind of fancy fuckin orc hunter lives in those parts, she reckoned I might be safer out of the way". Aethor looked at her, the Uruk appeared to be telling the truth, her face was filled with emotion that she did not appear to be able to hide. "Why should I trust you orc, your people have caused mine naught but harm and death, my own family.." Aethor turned away and rubbed his hand across his eyes, quickly wiping away the beginning of tears. Looking down at the ground, Urzoth said "I aint trying to excuse what the others o my kind did, not in the slightest, but you should probably know, it was the wizard". Aethor whipped around and glared at the she-orc. "What has that cursed man got to do with the suffering your kind has caused my people." Urzoth bristled, "if you must know, the things my kind did have no reflection on what I did, all I ever did was be born and on the day your lot sent a fucking forest after us, I was due my first session with some fuckin Uruk warrior. I aint never been on a raid, I had never seen the sun before then. All I could do was get away, then as soon as I am out, some other big bastard wanted to sell me off to some fuckin dunlander". Urzoth panted after her outburst. "I just want a safe place to rest up, and I thought you might at least offer me a place in your barn or some shit. But I should have guessed men were as bad as they always seemed." The she-orc stood to her full height, and then turned away and began to walk towards the hills. Aethor called after her "Urzoth, did you truly never hurt any of my people?" The she orc stopped and turned to face him. "Nah, I never did" Nodding Aethor said "I have some things that need doing on the farm, provided you are willing to work, I suppose I could supply food and board" Aethor pushed himself up from the ground "come on then Urzoth, we have a long way to go". AN: hope you enjoyed it, the next chapter should be up in the next day or so