has been the most gracious host. He, in fact is most charming in his greetings. He has changed, Saradoc. He's grown and matured. Those wayward days are past him." "I'm not that convinced, my dear," Saradoc insisted. "Besides, when have you known Meriadoc to agree so willingly to tea parties? Has he not firmly refused to attend in the past? He's grown and changed, Saradoc. I feel that he is now ready for marriage. He is truly interested in meeting these fine Bucklander's lasses and he is enjoying himself. Anyone could see this!" "Okay, you have convinced me. I will see the healers this evening and discuss with them the health concerns of our residence." Esmeralda was delighted that she was able to convince her husband towards her wishes, and gave him a hug before she stood and went into her pallor to find her needle point work. xxx A slow and steady chuckle began to build inside Pippin as he walked beside his cousin to the stable and suddenly exploded into hysterically laughter. Merry grabbed his cousins by his arm and dragged him quickly into the stables so no one would see them. "Be careful, Pip!" snapped Merry. "If my Mum or Da would catch us snickering, they'll be thinking something is up and figure out we're to blame for it!" "But, Merry!" Pippin laughed out loud. "Did you see her face?" Again he roared in laughter just thinking about it and his tears rolled down his cheeks. "I-I-I don't know which was funnier; Poor Lilly's predicament with the spicy cake or your mum's expression at watching her!" Again he roared out loud in laughter, holding his side and stooping over. Merry smiled thinking about it, but did not find it as funny as what his cousin did. "For a minute, I thought she'd give us away by blurting out about the spicy cake!" again Pippin laughed and snickered. "But she knew if she did, she would have hurt your mum pride in her cooking. She's a smart one, Merry. Perhaps you should reconsider a courtship with that girl." "Not a chance, Pip!" said Merry a bit more serious. "If my Mum wants me married, she'll find it a bit harder than she realizes. I'll never marry and spend my life behind my father's desk working until the wee hours in the night. I have bigger dreams than that for myself!" "Whatever you decide, Merry, you just make sure I'm included in those plans!" stated Pippin. "You, my cousin, will more than likely be married way before I am." "Never, Merry!" insisted Pippin. "I'll never marry and become my father either. I will have one adventure after another adventure. After all that we have seen and have done, I know there is more for me than what they have planned." Pippin walked up to his cousin bit more serious and turned him around so he could look him into his eyes. "You are going to come to Tuckborough tomorrow, aren't you?" Pippin began to worry when Merry did not answer him straight away. "You promised me, Merry and I'll hold you to it!" "Yes, yes….Pippin, I'll be there." "My Da has invited his distant cousins, twice removed, I remind you and they have daughters, Merry, my age!" Pippin spun around his cousin as he began to worry and fret even more. "You're bringing the itch powder and ole Hatty's squeezing powder, as you promised!" he added. "Yes, Pip," said Merry while he placed his hands on both of his cousin's shoulder to calm him. "I'll not let them marry you off so soon, Pippin. Not yet anyway." Merry enjoyed his teasing of Pippin and smiled to show him that he was just jesting with him. Pippin chuckled at his cousin little joke and trusted him with his life. He knew deep down that Merry would never disappoint him. When Merry walked away from Pippin suddenly, and in that instance, Pippin had one more moment of doubt. "Perhaps you should bring the hot pepper spice as well. You never know, it could come in quite handy." Pippin stopped when he noticed what had captured his cousin's attention. A beautiful snow white pony stuck her head out from her stall and Merry stood before it. She had a long white mane and Merry brushed it back from her face. The pony brushed up against Merry's weskit and nuzzled him with her nose. "Oh, I know what you want, Snowclad." And he reached deep within his pocket. Finding the apple, he brought it out to give to his pony. "She's beautiful, Merry!" said Pippin. "Yes, she is and no other can compare to her. She's the only love of my life and always will be." "Are you ever going to let me ride her?" asked Pippin wanting to share something so precious of his cousins'. "It's not by my choosing if you ride or not, Pip. It's Snowclad here. King Eomer has told me that she will only accept one master and not allow another to ride her. It's how the Rohirrim has trained her," commented Merry when he stroked her long white mane. "She'll accept me, Merry. After all, were cousins and……" Pippin did not have a chance to finish his statement because when he reached his hand up to pet her, she snorted and reared upwards. "You better just keep your distance from her for a time, until she gets to know you better," stated Merry and chuckled at Pippin's retreat from his pony. xxx Myrtle stood in the shadow just behind the bookcase and over heard Lilly tell her mother about the hot spicy cake and commented that she knew it was Meriadoc and Peregrin who played this trick on her. Her mother put her arms around her daughter and escorted her from the study. Myrtle folder her arms in front of her and came up with her own plan when her tea party was scheduled for next week…..