looked at Zoe rather quizzically. "Are you wearing walking boots?" "Yes…?" "Since when did you own a pair of those? I thought I knew every item in your wardrobe since we were fifteen!" "Since my Dad likes birdwatching and walking in the Lakes, and I like hanging out with my Dad. I thought they might come in useful…" "Huh. Very practical of you." Zoe threw a cushion at her. "Ok, sorry! Your bum looks great in those teeny, short shorts." Zoe laughed as Ari started dancing around their tiny tent, singing 'We like short-shorts'. They both set to packing away their things, cramming an assortment of items into their bags. "How on earth did we get all this stuff to fit in their before?" "Well Ari, if you weren't keeping what looks to be an entire toilet roll in your bag, you might have more room." "It's in case of emergencies!" Ari sat back on her heels and placing her hands flat on top of the coat at the top of her bag, squished the contents down and quickly zipped it up, only mildly catching her hand with the zip. She then eyed the ends of her hair dismally. "I super need a hair cut… Shall I splurge at our next stop?" "No, you just need to stop dyeing your hair. That's what causes the split ends to begin with: your hair is too dry from the dye." "Hmph. That's your opinion, I suppose. I was actually thinking about adding another colour. What do you think?" Sighing in exasperation, Zoe eyed Ari's hair. It was a beautiful wave of colour, from her natural dirty blonde to a streaky kaleidoscope of dark pinks, lilacs and electric blue. Being a natural ginger herself, she had been teased throughout primary and high school, but she absolutely loved her own hair colour and didn't understand Ari's need to change her multitude of colours every few months. "I was thinking maybe green next. Like a turquoise green though." Ari mused, picking up her bag and exiting the tent. "You know, I think McFly would be super into you right now." That comment obviously led to a rendition of 'Five Colours in her Hair', while they began the laborious task of taking their tent apart. "Why haven't we gotten any better at this yet?" "Probably because the instructions went missing…" "You mean you lost them!" "… And we've been doing it wrong ever since then." "I blame you! Alright, you take this back to the car and I'll roll up the sleeping bags and we can crack on. Try and find the map in the boot as well, if you can." "Sure your delicate, little arms are up to the task?" Her comment was ignored so she just grinned at Ari's scowl and poked her tongue out. Bulky tent back piled high in her arms, she turned and walked towards the road, saying over her shoulder; "Back in a jiff." Ari concentrated on the sleeping bags. Why were these things so fiddly and hard to put away? Zoe was always teasing her about it. After a minor battle with the second one, involving several cuss words, she leaned back victorious and shouldered her backpack. Looking up as she rose, Ari caught sight of a statuesque woman looking straight at her, not more than twenty feet in front of her. How had she and Zoe not seen her before? She flinched back; the intensity of this woman's stare was insane. Ari tried to smile politely and picked up one of the sleeping bags, intending on getting away from the mildly awkward situation but found that she couldn't break their eye contact. Instead she felt compelled to watch the woman who, without removing her gaze from Ari, walked towards one of the walls of the ruined castle, her navy robes billowing quite impressively as she came closer into view. Who was this woman? Ari spared a moment to internally comment on the weirdness of the robes – I mean, who really wears robes? Maybe she's some crazy druid chick? – and beat down the momentary swirl of hair jealousy that occurred from the woman's shiny, jet black waterfall of keratin, and with no conscious thought slowly stepped towards her. Wait, what am I doing? Legs, stop! Her legs quivered and she came to a halt. The woman, blue eyes still locked with Ari's, quirked her lips into a slight smile, which only served to emphasise her loveliness, and reached out to a door that had definitely not been there before. Ari had never felt this curious before. What was happening here? Compelled and completely powerless to resist, she followed the woman, who was stepping through the door. She reached the door after the woman had finished and placed her free hand on the handle. A small part of her brain was positively screaming at her, begging her body to stop and at least wait for Zoe before she want through the door. But, Ari shrugged and almost skipped through the door and into the darkness beyond, not hearing Zoe's shout behind her: "Ari! I found the map!" Hi all! I've been a loyal fan of for the past nine years or so but I've have never, ever written anything. But I've been feeling quite inundated with plot bunnies, having recently been introduced to the lotr section. You guys =). I haven't particularly planned this down to a tee, so I'm just going to run with it. This is rated M for language and maybe some sexy times later on. Just so you know, I'm English and there's going to be quite a lot of slang in this story – I'm not just crazy and making up words and weird spellings. This isn't meant to be a serious piece of work but if there is anything wrong with it, please let me know! Anyway, as this is my first time, please be gentle if you choose to review ;)