day that can make your feet wander in search of what is over the next hill." "And being in the Marish has found you your answers for your search?" she asked him. "I've been to the Marish a time or two, when I was a young lad and still living at Brandyhall." "Then you take your chances wandering where your feet should not take you," she reminded him. "If you speak of the farmer and his dogs, I am aware of them and on my guard as I fear them," commented Frodo. "But still not so fearful because you stand here on our land," she added. "It was your voice of song that kept me from my fear. It was more beautiful than any flower or sunlit sky," He complimented her. "Perhaps I should whisper my songs when I sit upon my swing or who's to say who else my songs would bring," "That would be more to pity because it would be like the Shire not having a any flowers or gardens and how sad that would be," Frodo told her. She smiled at his answer and her cheeks turned a shade of pink being so complimented by this stranger. It encouraged Frodo while he stood and watched her. "In telling you my name, I would very much like to know yours?" Looking up from her swing that she sat upon and glancing at the hobbit who stood just a short distance away from her, she told him, "Minderrell Maggot, to answer your bold question, Mr. Baggins," she said with a brilliant smile that lit up her face. Her smile sent Frodo's heart beating faster and he became lost in the beauty of her face. The sound of dogs bellowed a hollow a short distance away that broke the spell cast upon the two who faced each other playfully. Fear instantly seized Frodo and he snapped his eyes in the direction of their hollowing. He took a few steps backward, but fought his instinct to run not wanting to leave Minderrell. But she beckoned him to run with the wave of her hand. "Hurry, Frodo!" she exclaimed. "You must get yourself from here quickly. My Da is coming with his dogs and he'll not be so understanding as I am." "When can I see you again?" he asked her quickly. "That I do not know," she said. "You must hurry!" Frodo took off running as fast as his legs could carry him. Breathlessly, he stopped at the ferry and wiped the sweet from his brow. He was glad that he was able to get away in time before the dogs caught his scent and chased him out of the Marish. He was also saddened that he could not have spent more time with Minderrell and getting to know her a little more. She intrigued him with her wit, song and dazzling smile. Her beautiful face and her name would be impossible for him ever to forget. Frodo smiled when he looked back from where he had come and knew in his heart that he would see her again. When Frodo walked into Brandyhall, he went directly to his quarters and over to his desk. Envisioning the lass who had captured his heart, he took out his quill and ink and finding some parchment, he began to write her a new song to sing. Sing me a gentle song; For your voice my heart does long. Your song soars on butterfly wings…. Sing to me of spring; Of fields of flowers and beautiful things, So you must sing to me…. Sing of trees, blue skies and distance hills, Oh, so lovely Minderrell……….. He placed his quill into the ink and dusted his parchment to dry. Tenderly, he folded it and placed it into his pocket and raced to the gardens of Brandyhall. There, he searched for a flower as beautiful as Minderrell. Frodo returned back to the swing where he found her earlier in the day, but she was not their and neither were the dogs. He placed his parchment of his song and flower on the wooden swing. Caressing the ropes where her gentle hands had touched, Frodo turned and walked away heading back towards the ferry. The next day, Frodo returned to the swing, but did not find her there. His flower and parchment was not there either and he smiled knowing that she had found them. He again left another parchment of a song that he wrote for her because he could not get her out of his mind. Writing her these songs, eased his desire of wanting to see her. He left a flower as equally beautiful as the other. Each day, Frodo returned back to the swing and left yet another song and beautiful flower. Each time, he would find the swing empty and his prior gifts gone. For the days that passed that he did not see her only increased his anticipation and his desire. His songs became words of longing and dreams of being with her. He spoke from his heart of what he felt and it moved him to tears from missing her. When the days turned into a week and still no answer came from her, he felt that he had lost her and she would never come to him. He placed the last flower that he would give to her and knew that he would not return back to this swing. A tear dropped from the edge of his eye and drifted downward upon his cheek, then he turned and walked slowly away. From behind him came a soft whisper of a song….. "I sing to you your song of spring, in the hopes of what your love can bring; I come to you to sing…" He stood frozen in place and closed his eyes tightly and listened to the soft tenderness of her song. Ever so slowly, he turned around opening his eyes to behold her. There stood Minderrell…..