up, Ada!" Thranduil said, plastering on the most angelic face he could muster. "We made him do so much today with us. He deserves to sleep." "Well…very well then," Oropher decided, plopping Thranduil back down on his bed. "You behave now, alright? I definitely do not want to hear that you have done something horrible when I return. Anything you think I might not approve of, don't do it." "Yes, Ada. We promise." "Good. Gil Galad, shall we?" Once the elf lords exited the room, Elrond turned to Thranduil and said, "Good thinking. I definitely would not have thought of an excuse not to wake him up that quickly." Thranduil nodded. "Want to get the honey ready?" "Of course I do! Just exactly who on Arda do you think I am?" "Erm…Elrond?" "Whatever. Come on! Before someone else decides to stop us!" In Imladris… "Were you caught, Ada?" "No, Estel. Now, stop interrupting, and let Thrnaduil continue." "Fine…" he huffed, snuggling deeper into Glorfindel's robes. Some time in the First Age… "Not too much, Thranduil. We definitely don't want to honey to become too runny…ha! It rhymed!" "Just stay focused, Elrond!" Thranduil hissed in reply. It was now late at night, and Elrond had snuck into Thranduil's rooms to complete the last part of their plan. "I am, I am!" he grumbled. "What's that extra lard doing here? I thought we got rid of it all." "Oh. We're going to put it on his door knob…on the inside, of course, and then loosen the screws keeping it in place. I really think listening to Ada's childhood stories has done wonders for my imagination, no?" Elrond nodded in agreement. "Ada never tells me any of his funnier ones. Although, I did hear of a few, but those were only in passing reference." "Only in passing reference? Elrond, you are sounding more and more like that bookworm of a brother you have." "I happen to like reading, you know!" he retorted, fisting his tiny hands on his hips. "Just concentrate. Perfect! We can go finish everything now." Quietly, the elflings snuck out of the bedroom, and into Celeborn's. "There. Go do his hair, Elrond. I will work on the door." Elrond nodded once and poured an enormous glob of blackened honey onto the palm of his little hand. They worked quickly and efficiency, and only paused to snigger quietly into their elbows two or three times before they were safely out of the room again, and in Thrnaduil's. "That. Was. AMAZING!" Elrond cried out, laughing. "I know! We have to do that again the next time we are together, my friend." "Uhuh! See you in the morning, Thranduil. I need to go wash everything off; not to mention, I am getting sleepier and sleepier. Night!" Thranduil waved in return, threw the small jar of lard(it was nearly empty anyway) out the window and into the bushes, and went to sleep with a smile on his face. The next morning at breakfast, a fuming Celeborn burst in and bellowed, "Elrond Gil Galadion, and Thranduil Oropherion! How DARE you two!" The young elflings in question gave simultaneous "EEP!"s and dashed out of their chairs. Gil Galad and Oropher took one look at Celeborn and burst out laughing, while Erestor said, "That is where my good ink went!" For Celeborn's hair was no longer its gorgeous(if he did say so himself) shade of silvery blonde. No, instead it was jet black, and sticking up in matted spikes all over his head. One of them had flopped downwards during the night, and was hanging stiffly in a curly cue over his nose. The rest of him hadn't evaded being smeared with ink, either, as everyone could see every time he opened his mouth. Celeborn had managed to catch the two just outside of the kitchens, and had watched, still fuming, while they cleaned up his floors and fixed his door knob. Both had received a stern talking to as well from Gil Galad and Oropher, and were made to apologise to him. But, they still had no small amount of satisfaction, as Celeborn's hair remained black for weeks, as well as his teeth. Back in Imladris… "And so, I got in trouble, boys, your ada got in trouble…Erestor refused to let us anywhere near his precious inks for two decades, and Celeborn all but banned us from the kitchens. Elladan and Elrohir, do not even think about getting this into your heads! Once is definitely enough, no matter how long ago it was," Thranduil concluded, fixing all three with a stern glare. "Oh you have nothing to worry about. Ada would know it was us immediately. And besides. It is just so much more fun when you get Glorfindel to do it!" Elrohir replied. There was a noise from the doorway, and everyone looked up to see Celeborn standing there, his face rapidly changing hues from pink, to red, to purple. "You told them the story?!" he bellowed, taking a threatening step into the room. "YOU TOLD THEM THE STORY?!" Elrond and Thranduil wasted no time in dashing out the side door, laughing as loudly as they did then, with a furious(understatement of the Age) Celeborn hot in their heels. Estel turned to look at Glorfindel and said, "Will Daerada hurt Ada and Thranduil, Glorfindel?" "No, youngling. He definitely would not…your Daenana would personally see to his…well, erm…he would get into a lot more trouble, let us just put it that way." "Oh. Alright then!" Estel appeared to be deep in thought for a moment. Everyone groaned as he turned around to face Glorfindel and said, "What did you do when you were young?" Translations: Taendir-Thin Man Daerada-grandpa Daernana-grandma Have fun, my lovelies, and thanks for reading! If you wish to submit an idea for me to add, just drop me a line. I plan on making this a multi-chaptered thing. *waves wildly* Toodles! And press the big, shiny(well okay, not shiny, but still) green button!