want to join my house for the protection?" "But they respect you for your intelligent. And yes, I care. I care for you very much Erestor." Glorfindel's eyes lit up when he realized something. "You think I'm beautiful?" Erestor averted his eyes from the warrior. "Everybody thinks you are beautiful." "Everybody thinks YOU are beautiful.." Glorfindel thought for two seconds then added "..and intelligent." "You've never agree with me in any council meetings." Erestor crossed his arms over his chest and raised his eyebrow again. "True. But I always followed your advices in the battle field, did I not?" It's Glorfindel's turn to raise his eyebrow. It's an eyebrow rising competition so it seem. Erestor chuckled softly. "You did because everyone agrees with my plans." "See? That's why I said you are intelligent." Glorfindel smiled a winning smile. "And beautiful." He added swiftly. Erestor sighed, defeated. "Whatever." That was not an intelligent come back after all. Now they were at the empty balcony at the north-east of the palace, the place best to see Anor rising in this season. The music from within the hall could still be heard there. Now the music changed into a slow beat for a waltz. Glorfindel smiled at the dark beauty before him, and then asked. "Would you honor me with a dance, Vilwarin?" He's truly like a butterfly, to the name of his house, the House of the Butterfly. "Don't call me that!" Erestor scowled at the golden elf, but complied. He placed his right hand in the larger hand of the warrior, and his left hand at his waist. Erestor smirked at his dance partner. "I will lead." Erestor said to the larger elf, who now was laughing loudly. "But, Erestor, I'm taller." Glorfindel pretended whining. "I'm not complaining, am I?" They danced like a butterfly playing with a golden flower. Glorfindel looked at the chocolate eyes that were looking back at him. There was something in those eyes that captivated him always. He saw Erestor's eyes widen a bit like he realized something he had never thought of before. Glorfindel hoped that it was what he was waiting for. Love. Glorfindel circled his arms around the dark elf's shoulders while the dark elf placed both hands on Glorfindel hips. Erestor's head rested on the muscled shoulder, and they moved in synchronization to each other. It seemed like the world stop in that moment, there were only two of them under the starlit sky. "Erestor, I have something to tell you." Glorfindel whispered to Erestor's ear. This was the moment. He must confess his feeling to Erestor now. Glorfindel touched his forehead to Erestor's. Their breath mingled; there lips were merely inches apart. "I.." Glorfindel stopped abruptly when he saw the frightening expression on Erestor's face. The pale face was even paler than usual. Erestor griped Glorfindel's waist tightly. "..Erestor..?" "That is not the east!" Erestor stammered. His eyes fixed at he vision behind Glorfindel to the horizon on the north. "There is light from the north!" Glorfindel twirled around to see what the dark elf saw. His eyes widened when he saw the red light growing from the north, and it was moving toward the center of the city! "Erestor, alert everybody! Take women and children to safety, I'll tell the king and prepare our warriors. Go!" "Glorfindel!" Erestor, now shaking with fear, grabbed Glorfindel's arm. "Erestor," Glorfindel touched the pale cheek, his smile was saddening. He leaned forward to kiss Erestor's lips, this might be their first and last kiss, he wished it was not. "Vilwarin, I love you." He whispered to the parted lips, then straightened himself suddenly and pushed the dark elf toward the hallway. "Go!" Glorfindel watched Erestor's retreating back. He whispered to himself. "I will always find you, Vilwarin. No matter what. I will always find you." - - x x x - - Glorfindel was exhausted. He barely had enough strength to lift his sword. There were too many creatures of their enemy - orcs, trolls, dragons and even balrogs! He lost many of his friends, including his best friend, Ecthelion. The brave Ecthelion slew a balrog before he died. Glorfindel's face was soaking with tears and sweats. He grieved for his friends, but he would not give up. There were people who needed his protection. There was Erestor. Glorfindel ran to the passage through the spiral way of Cirith Thoronath. Erestor was leading people through that way for their safety. "Balrog!" He heard the screams from ahead. Glorfindel quicken his paces, and then stopped in his track when he saw a balrog standing just several feet in front of Erestor. Erestor was taking a blow from the balrog's whip. His hands were shacking, his cloths were burn in parts, but he still stood upright between the balrog and the refugees. He heard Erestor's scream when the flaming whip hit his arm fiercely, the flame spread to his sleeve and burnt his arm immediately. Glorfindel roar with rage. He charged the creature with his sword, and shouted to the man who came to help Erestor. "Tuor! Take Erestor! Go!" The balrog turned to the golden warrior, and charged him fiercely. Glorfindel grabbed a sword from the floor and fought back. The passage way was very narrow, even a man had difficulty balancing oneself on the narrowest edge. If he led the balrog to the edge, he might have made the balrog fall. Glorfindel thought. Here they were. Glorfindel pierced the creature through its heart with all of his last strength. The balrog roar with pain, and tripped the edge of the cliff and fall backward. Before it fell down the edge of the cliff, the balrog grabbed his golden hair, and pulled Glorfindel with it. The last thing Glorfindel saw was Erestor's teary eyes looking back at him from the distance, safe from the fighting below. Erestor was safe. His Erestor was safe. He smiled. Then the darkness consumed him. - - Fin - -