looking back. Meanwhile the prince was getting sicker. "My Lord, I know why Bronaer left. Please stay alive, listen to what I have to say," Aelar knelt at his bedside, "She is in love with a man named Legolas, which is you. She just doesn't know it. You must send men out to find her. Please, My Lord I cannot bear to see the love you have for each other end this way. Stay alive." Aelar left sadly and returned home to her husband. Aelar was with child and found she loved the man who chose her. It turned out that going to Mirkwood was one of the best things that could have ever happened to her. Bronaer stopped for the night at a small clearing in the forest and sighed. She had been travelling for nearly two months. She had heard news that the Prince of Mirkwood was growing ill. She felt bad and wondered if she could go back. She felt that she was being selfish. "Bronaer Greenleaf or Lothlorei?" Her head snapped up. "Leave me be!" She snapped at the Elvish horseman. "You will not take me!" "Bronaer… please, come back. He is dying!" She recognized the voice as that of Dagnir. "Dagnir, I cannot mate with him! I do not love him!" She looked at him, pleading with him. "I'm sorry Bronaer, I've been instructed to take you back whether or not you yield." "On who's orders?" She took out her bow and aimed it at Dagnir. "Lady Galadriel's orders." She lowered her bow and sighed. "Alright, I will come, peacefully." She knew that she could not disobey orders of a woman she admired so much. She would do what Lady Galadriel asked of her, no matter the cost. "Goheno nin…*" She said with remorse. "I forgive you, Little One." Bronaer closed her eyes after that. She had gotten little sleep in the past several days since working on losing a few angry dwarves. By the time they arrived back on Mirkwood nearly a day and a half had passed and the prince was on his deathbed, pale and cold. Bronaer was ushered into his chambers. Her eyes widened and she dropped down to her knees. "I did this… Goheno nin…Goheno nin…" her warm fingers traced the gaunt features of his cold, pale face. It dawned on her that the prince she vowed to never look upon was Legolas, the only love of her life. "Legolas… please… I'm here, don't fade." Tears fell from her cheeks. She took his hand in hers and held it to her cheek. "Don't die…." He did not respond and his breathing slowed to a halt. It was too late. Bronaer took Legolas' body in her arms. He seemed so fragile. He looked too sickly to be the man she fell in love with. "I will follow you in death," She said. She lay there awake that night, not bothering to tell anybody of his passing. She felt the fading begin and wept. She began to stroke his hair and sang: "I anor hilol, sen tir? Tir o…. Mae harnannen… Mae lye… Le melon…*" "Bronaer?" She gasped and looked upon the prince whom she fell in love with. "Legolas!" She exclaimed. "Manen nalye*?" She asked. "Im maer*." She kissed him hungrily and still felt tears escape. This time though, they were tears of happiness. "Legolas… I'm… sorry…" She said in between feverish kisses. "I should… have… told you…" In a flash he was on top. "I have waited far too long…" He almost growled. "But it's no longer nighttime…" She blushed. "No one will bother us," He quickly took off her dress and marveled at her body. She blushed and tentatively tugged at his tunic. Her eyes widened at his sculpted body. She knew that he could have any woman in Middle-Earth. She arched her back into him when he claimed her lips. "Legolas…" "Yes, my love?" She was panting. "Don't make me wait, please," she gasped out. He smiled and sucked on her neck. The noises she made only turned him on more. His pants were becoming increasingly tight and she noticed. "Allow me," She said as she tugged them off to reveal his swollen member. She blushed and tentatively stroked it. Legolas nearly fell backwards at the sweet touch that sent electric shocks through his body. "Bronaer…" He groaned as she kept up her ministrations. She couldn't take it anymore. "Please, Legolas, do it…" When he entered her she nearly let out a scream. She winced and he stopped. "Are you alright?" He asked, worriedly. "It is fine," She smiled weakly and nodded for him to continue. Slowly the pain turned to pleasure within her and she began to move with him. Their lips met passionately. "I'm getting close!" She cried. She dug her nails into his back and his name poured out her lips over and over as she rode through her climax. Legolas followed not too long after. His hot seed spilled within her and left them panting together. She fell asleep in his arms and dreamed of the children they would one day have. Lady Galadriel smiled to herself as she looked away from the mirror; Bronaer had finally fulfilled her destiny. Im gosta – I'm afraid Estannen – My name is… Hebo estel – have hope Goheno nin – forgive me I anor hilol, sen tir? Tir o…Mae harnannen…Mae lye….Le melon - The sun is shining, but how can this be? I see you… wounded… sick… I love you (VERY roughly translated since I only know Quenya but wanted to write in Sindarin) Manin nalye – how are you feeling? Im maer – im well I hope you guys liked it, I don't write many lemons so im sorry if this one sucked. And I only own Aelar, Bronaer, Dagnir, and those other guys that aren't in the books or movies :P (but I wouldn't mind owning Legolas… or Haldir for the matter *wink wink*)