him strangely. Then the applaud was erupted from everybody in the hall. "That's not bad, Glorfindel. Not bad at all." Cirdan spoke to the captain when he left the stage and went back to where the lords were. "Thank you, Cirdan." "Can you tell me who the lucky elf is?" The shipwright winked. "You'll know in time, Cirdan." Elrond said. "I believe you have something to talk with my chief counselor." "Yes. Do you know where he is? I just saw him a minute ago." Glorfindel asked. "I saw him going that way." Elrond pointed to the east entrance. "Thanks, Elrond." Glorfindel followed Elrond's direction to the east and found Erestor sitting on a bench looking out to the garden. It was snowing outside, and the garden was cover with the layer of snow flake. "Erestor, why are you sitting here alone rather than joining the party inside?" "I'm thinking about something." Erestor replied quietly. "May I sit here with you? I need to talk to you." Glorfindel asked. When Erestor moved to the side to make a space for him, Glorfindel was reluctant to sit. "What do you think about my song?" "Not bad." Erestor smirked. "Not bad?!" Glorfindel pouted. "You sang beautifully, Fin." "That's better." The captain grinned. "Was it true that you say you sang this song for someone you care about?" "Yes, it is." Glorfindel looked at Erestor with hopeful eyes. "That lucky elf should know by now how you feel about him." Erestor smiled sincerely. Glorfindel just wanted to hit his head to a nearby tree. "You are the cleverest elf in the realm. I wonder why you are so stupid." Glorfindel sighed. "Pardon?" Erestor raised his eyebrow. "Don't pardon me!" Glorfindel cried out. "It's you, idiot! You are the one I sang that song for! You are the one I love, Erestor, and I've been in love with you for decades!" Erestor looked at the captain, speechless. "I tried to do everything to tell you I love you, but you are.. you are so dense, so ignorant. You don't even know why I tried to be close to you, or you just don't care. Even now, I already confessed my love to you, and you just.." Glorfindel's incoming insults were cut off by Erestor's lips on his own. He closed his eyes and only felt the soft lips of his beloved. His hands automatically entwined in Erestor's dark tresses, while Erestor's hands were on his cheeks. "Shut up, you fool." Erestor whispered to the warm lips. "We are both stupid. I've been in love with you for far too long." "You have?" "No, I lied." Erestor chuckled. "You are a bad lier." Glorfindel put his hands on the counselor's waist and pulled him closer. "You are an idiot." Erestor wound his arms around the captain's neck. "I'm your idiot." Their lips were almost touched. "Yes, you are." . . . Glorfindel was in the training ground when he got two visitors. "Good morning, Glorfindel." "Good morning, Eoriel, Calladrion." Glorfindel smiled to the siblings. "I believe you had a very good night, last night." Eoriel grinned. "Yes, thanks to you two." Glorfindel smirked. "We're glad to help, old friend." Calladrion chuckled. "And you are very good at it." . . . "Good morning, Restor!" "Good morning, Dan, Roh." The twins approached the counselor's desk gleefully. "You look happy today." Erestor glanced at his students who now stood beside him, grinning from ear to ear. "How was last night?" Elrohir asked. Before Erestor could reply, Elladan added. "I saw you kissing your golden lord in the garden." "So everything is as it should be, right?" "Someday, curiosity will kill you." Erestor shook his head, but smiled softly. He opened his drawer and retrieved a key. "You got one hour in the wine cellar." Erestor handed the key to Elladan who took it with glee. "Thank you, Erestor. We're glad to do the business with you." "Dan, don't be too fast. Do you forget something?" Elrohir warned his brother. "What?" "We haven't congratulated Erestor yet." Elrohir turned to his mentor. "Congratulations, Erestor. You finally found your love and your happiness." The twins hugged the counselor who they loved like their family. "Thank you, pen-neth, and thank you for your participation." Erestor chuckled. "We'll make the best of our one hour. Let's go, Roh." Before the twins left the office, Erestor told them with a smile on his face. "Don't even think to COPY the key." "Don't you trust us, Erestor?" "No." "You are right." Elrohir laughed. "Have a good day, Erestor." Elladan said. "Oh, good morning, Glorfindel." "Good morning, pen-neth." Erestor looked up to see Glorfindel entered his office; smiling happily. "We are leaving. Have a good day." Elrohir patted the captain's shoulder lightly. "And we'll close the door." Elladan added and dashed out the door with his twin in tow. "Good morning, meleth." Glorfindel kissed the counselor's head lightly. "I have to give them a reward." "How so?" Erestor raised his eyebrow, even though he knew what Glorfindel meant. "They help me to get you." "I see." Erestor nodded his head. "You don't seem surprised?" Glorfindel raised his eyebrow. "Nay, and I won't be surprised if you say you got help from your friends from the Grey Heaven too." "Oh!" Glorfindel smiled dryly. "H.. how do you know, and how long have you known about this?" "From you, just now." "Damn!" Glorfindel wanted to hit his head to the bookshelf right now. "You are wicked!" Glorfindel scowled. "You are an idiot." Erestor raised his eyebrow challengingly. "But I love you anyway." Glorfindel put his hand on the counselor's chin and bent his head to kiss the soft lips teasingly. "And I love you too." . . . ~Fin~ . . . A/N: A bit sappy in the end. Sorry for my poor grammar. If you see any mistake, please let me know. (I think there are a lot. T_T) Thanks for reading. ^^ Review please (: