he would have stayed if he had known that the child would choose today to be born," Glorfindel pointed out. "Yeah, well, that doesn't mean I forgive him, and it doesn't make this any...easier..." Elrond grabbed onto a bedpost to steady himself when his knees threatened to buckle from the force of the contraction. They were now only fifteen minutes apart, and getting steadily worse. It would not be much longer now. "Oh, I'm going to kill him," Elrond moaned when it was over. "No you aren't." Glorfindel barely looked up. "Yes I bloody well am. When he gets back I'm going to kill him with my bare hands." Elrond groaned softly and straightened back up, placing his hands on his hips with his fingers supporting his back, which felt like it had been used as a blacksmith's anvil. "My back is killing me." "Here, let me help." Glorfindel took Elrond's hands and placed them back around the bedpost so that Elrond would have something to steady himself on, and then began to massage the half-elf's lower back, easing the tense muscles. "No wonder it hurts, your muscles are knotted up like macramé." A noncommittal sound was Elrond's only reply. Glorfindel continued his ministrations, smiling when the half-elf moaned in bliss as a good portion of the pain was alleviated. By the time Glorfindel was finished, Elrond's head had fallen forward and his shoulders had gone slack as he basked in the wonderful respite Glorfindel's magic fingers had afforded him. "Better?" "Mmhmm." The moment did not last long, however, as Elrond felt another contraction approaching. He tightened his hold on the bedpost and held on for dear life until it passed. They were definitely getting more painful. "Eru Almighty," he breathed, pressing a hand against the side of his distended stomach. "That was not fifteen minutes." "No, it was only about ten. Was that worse that the last one?" "Oh, just a bit," Elrond replied sarcastically, smiling ruefully at his friend to take the sting out of his words. He sighed and rested his forehead against the bedpost, one hand still on his stomach. "Why did I let Ereinion do this to me?" Glorfindel smiled and stepped closer to the dark-haired elf, rubbing his back soothingly. "I daresay you weren't entirely unwilling at the time," he pointed out reasonably. Elrond glanced at him and rolled his eyes. After a moment he straightened back up. "I hope this doesn't last for much longer." "We're almost there. Come on, if you keep walking it might speed things up." Elrond begrudgingly agreed and resumed his pacing as Glorfindel returned to his chair. 5:45pm Elrond slowly walked to the edge of the rug and, deciding that he had paced enough, turned and headed for the nightstand to pour himself some water. He sat on the edge of the bed to drink it, giving his tired legs a rest. The last few contractions had been closer together and seemed to have doubled in intensity, nearly robbing Elrond of the ability to breathe. Glorfindel had made him another cup of the healing tea, but it had not helped much. He drained the glass and placed it on the nightstand and then leaned back, placing his weight on his hands and closing his eyes. He heard Aurellias enter and was vaguely aware that the other healer had moved to stand in front of him. "How are you holding up?" "As well as can be expected." Elrond opened his eyes and sat up straight. "Everything hurts." He grimaced as his abdominal muscles began to tighten again, and leaned forward, grabbing the edge of the bed for support as waves of pain washed over him. "Seven minutes," Glorfindel said before Aurellias could ask. Elrond took a deep breath when the pain faded away once more. He looked up and fixed a slightly bleary gaze on Aurellias. "I'm exhausted." "Oh, I bet you are. And it will only get worse from here on in. Have you been moving around?" "Yes." "Drinking plenty of water?" "Yes." "Keeping warm?" "Yes, and I slept for a little bit as well." "Good. Is there anything you need?" "Only to go to the bathroom." Aurellias chuckled and extended a hand to help him up. "Thank you," said Elrond. "No, I don't need help," he answered before Aurellias could ask. The healer nodded, and the half-elf headed towards the adjoining room, stopping on the threshold and grabbing a hold of the doorframe as he was once again accosted by pain. Glorfindel, who was closer to him than Aurellias, moved to stand by his side. "Are you okay?" Elrond waved him off with a small nod and disappeared into the bathroom. "Have there been any problems?" Aurellias asked Glorfindel as the blond came to stand beside him. The Elda shook his head. "No, thank the Valar. He wishes that Ereinion was here, but there isn't much we can do about that." The shorter elf nodded in understanding. He ran a hand through his hair and tipped his head slightly to the left to see the clock in the study. It said six o'clock. He then glanced towards the bathroom and frowned again at the closed door. "I wonder if he's alright in there." Glorfindel followed his gaze but before he could reply, the door opened and Elrond emerged, an unreadable expression on his face. Aurellias anxiously stepped forward. "Is something wrong?" Elrond shook his head. "No." He looked up at his two friends. "My waters just broke." There will be a second chapter with the actual birth, and quite possibly an additional sequel as well as a prequel, uploaded at some stage. Stay tuned :) Nanost is a village populated predominantly by humans which is located not far from Rivendell. It falls under their jurisdiction, but it generally runs itself without Elrond's interference. But occasionally the elves are called in to fix some problem or other. The name 'nanost' means, creatively, 'valley-city'. Condir is elvish for mayor.