"See that one, there? That was my favourite. I don't know if it has an actual name, but I always called it the Bullroarer because of how it's shaped. See, there's his mighty sword, and there's his horse over there. Those bright stars there are his belt. And there are his eyes… I always thought it was odd that there are those two stars right where his eyes should be." She looked up hesitantly and met Pippin's gaze with solemn grey eyes. "I thought it was such a comfort that I can see the same stars here that shine over the Northfarthing and the valley of Long Cleeve." "I'm sorry," Pippin whispered, struck by the loneliness in her eyes and voice. "I'm sorry that we had to do this. I wish you could be happy here." Diamond lowered her gaze. "Don't be sorry," she murmured. "Please understand, it's not you. I…I think I've grown quite fond of you, Pippin." Pippin. It was the first time Diamond had managed to call him that without blushing or stammering. He was filled with hope. Pippin knew then that one day, perhaps not too far away, he and Diamond would love each other. She would bear him an heir and they would bring happiness and warmth to each other and to those around them. And maybe, all it would take was simple hope and faith in each other. And then, for the first time since their wedding day, Pippin kissed Diamond. He kissed her gently, softly, as if she was a frightened deer that might bolt at any moment. But after she recovered from the sudden warmth of Pippin's lips against hers, Diamond would not have moved for the world. How could she have ever feared this embrace? How could she have feared this gentle giant who would sooner lay down his life than harm or frighten her? Pippin felt her response, felt her move closer and relax in his arms, and he realised that maybe he was falling in love already. Everything was different between them after that. It was a sudden change from the polite, distant behaviour that everyone was accustomed to seeing between the future Thain and his rustic wife. Diamond gradually settled comfortably into life at Great Smials, befriending all that she could and gaining the respect of even the most grudging hobbitesses. She was warm and friendly, finding her way into the hearts of all, and she laughed more and withdrew herself less. She reserved only her most tender smiles for her husband and called him Pippin, and in turn, he was at ease with her and often took the time to express his gratitude—a simple smile or a kiss on the cheek was all it took. Eventually, their marriage acquired a close peacefulness, a tenderness and affection that was sweet and pure, but not yet love. But Peregrin and Diamond both knew that love would come. They would wait. There was a change, one day, that Diamond realised. There had once, she remembered, been such an unknown element about Pippin. He had seemed so distant and strange and unfamiliar to her. She remembered her anxiety to please him, and her fear of him. Her fear of his size and of his skill in violence. She had been unnerved by how much he knew, by what he had seen and done in the years before. She had been frightened by him because he was unknown to her. But in the months they had been married, she had grown familiar with his gentleness and his kind heart, with his long-fingered, callused hands that touched her so lovingly, so sensitively, with the absent gaze Southward that spoke of longing and memory and devotion, not of ambition. She grew to admire his courage and his loyalty, to cherish his generosity and gallant treatment of her, as if she were some beloved queen of a great kingdom, not a simple hobbit-maid from the boorish Northern moors. Once she found herself staring at him, unaware of doing so, until he looked up at her with wide, dancing green eyes and smiled. She realised she was falling in love with him, with his merry laugh and his tenderness and his warm cheer. She knew she could never understand him fully, but she was untroubled by this so long as she had his love like a shield around her. She still missed the wonder and awe of the lightning that split the dark storm-clouds above her, missed her owl-friend and her family and missed wandering the vast moors, never knowing where the rough path would take her. She loved the Northfarthing, loved the hillocked valley of Long Cleeve, loved the heather and the highlands and the snow that fell so heavily there. But Great Smials was her home now. The Tooks were her family. Peregrin, whom she had once dreaded, was her husband, her best friend, someone she had at first not wanted nor needed. But he had taught her more than he knew. He had taught her to lead a people, to never fear what feared not her, to gradually adjust to change and time. He taught her wisdom and respect and forbearance. But most of all, he had taught her to love. He had taught her to love the Tooks and the earth beneath her and the sky above her, regardless of her what she was wont to. He had taught her to love him. Or had he? Perhaps she'd loved him all along. But she knew she had learned a love as vast as the Sundering Seas, as boundless as the sky above her, as great and beautiful and powerful as the devotion that reigned in his heart. :III: A/N: A Pippin/Diamond romance in three parts. Part II is likely to be delayed for a while, due to reasons I am not allowed to explain to you in such a public place. Questions, comments, thoughts, etc. please express in a review. Thank you.