thoughts. " My lord?" Beleguron spoke, holding one hand on his chest. The guards who stood at the end of camp were changing "We searched the caves, there was no danger, the walls…" " We will talk details at the evening meeting." Elrond held up his hand to stop him and reached for his shoulder. "I trust your judgment." He added and Beleguron nod, smiling slightly. " Few went up to the waterfalls, to wash up. Adledhron only directed to make one fire, there will be warm soup soon, for everyone to eat." " Good." Elrond agreed "Go rest, Beleguron, I will take you place for now." The guard bowed his head and made his way back into camp. As the afternoon grew late and shadows became longer, Elrond let Edledhron and Erestor go to the waterfalls. Some guards left for hunt and come back with few rabbits only – which was still enough for another, richer, soup in the evening. Elrond sat near his tent, leaning against rock, letting the sun brush his skin. He gave up on work, for there was nothing else to do, and if he was not reading one of Erestor's books, he simply just sat there, with eyes closed, soaking the sunlight. Guards came and left, with reports and to announce the changing and by the evening, Erestor with Adledhron came back with soup. Elrond saw Beleguron and Berenor sitting near their tent and gestured them to sit with them and so five of them sat together, drying their hairs in sun and eating warm food. It wasn't often Elrond could see Erestor smile, but he saw him that afternoon. Before the meeting of guards, Elrond too let Berenor lead him to the waterfalls through long tunnels of caves and above them camp, hidden near the entrance, he washed himself in warm water, coming from small pond above, warmed up by the sun. It was as if valley itself asked them to stay. They found space to rest and enjoy the sun, caves to hide, in case of danger and enough water, clean and fresh. He understood the smiles on spreading on lips of others. They felt safe there, not like Elrond. Beleguron suggested they might stay, but Elrond was against that. The evening counsel was so long they reached the midnight changing of guards. Erestor only listened, he had no right to interrupt, but Adledhron stood on Beleguron's side and was whispering with Berenor all the way through. At the end, Elrond agreed to stay another day. Few, with Berenor, will ride ahead and see what is coming, while others will go hunting again. Rest of night was calm. Adledhron stayed up, outside the tent, watching stars above, but Elrond was too tired from all the arguing and laid his head down to rest that night. When waking up few hours later, Adledhron was sleeping near, curled up and breathing steady and slowly, yet Erestor was gone. For moment Elrond thought, before sitting up and searching for young elf around the tent. It was nearly morning. There wasn't any more light outside than inside, yet it was clear that sun was about to come out again. Walking outside, he found the young elf sleeping, leaning against the rock he was resting near at the afternoon. The sound of waterfalls was calming down his mind again, making him sleepy, yet he knew he would not sleep anymore and sitting down on the rock near Erestor, he looked down the camp. Everyone slept, except guards standing tall at their spots. There was no light in tents. Erestor shifted and wake up, breathing in deeply and leaning forward. He looked up to Elrond quickly. " Why are you here?" he asked quickly. " I could ask the same." Elrond answered simply, keeping his voice low. The young elf pressed his lips together and sighed, looking away and leaning against the rock again. It was quiet for moment. He did not sent Elrond away and Elrond did not moved from his spot. He waited and Erestor knew it. " It's beautiful." The young elf finally spoke, looking down. " Yes it is." Elrond agreed, looking down at Erestor "Feels as if they valley itself wanted us to stay." He caught his look when the grey eyes looked up to him. Soon the fell again, but he did not turn his head back to face the valley, only laid his head down on rock. " I'm tired." He whispered "young but tired." Elrond sighed "We won't find any safer place than this." This was him – talking to Elrond on his own, never speaking in counsel. He never really thought his words would help anyhow and therefore did not feel the urge to speak, yet when the chance occurred, he took it. " Safety is not to be found." Elrond answered "Safety is to be created." Erestor's eyes again looked up to him "Do you think this is a good place to build on?" it was quiet for moment, even though both of them knew the answer already. " It's good place to try." He finally answered, looking up to the Elrond and than even higher, in direction the older elf was looking. First sunrays touched the top of cliffs and trees grooving there. Second morning in valley awoke. He knew well the young elf will grove up into great adviser. He spoke little and was not fond of big gatherings, yet managed to keep himself informed. " Than we shall try." Elrond agreed. They sat together, quiet, watching sky going lighter and lighter as the sun rose, and when Adledhron woke up, he sat with them. He did not know the news yet. They told nobody until evening and the beginning of third day in valley was the end of their run and begging of building. Maybe not from rocks and wood yet, but in their hearts. Imladris was established - in deep valley formed by cleft.