my seat and was constantly leaning over to see how fast we were going. After we hit eighty-five, I lost my patience. "Okay, seriously, slow down. This isn't cool." "Oh, like you would know. If you didn't want to come, Sarah, you didn't have to." Katie scoffed, still glued to her phone. She flipped her bleached hair and rolled her goopy eyes at me. I doubted she even knew how fast we were going. "Yeah, Sarah, lighten up! We do this all the time—it's no big deal." Megan assured. I didn't feel reassured at all though. I crossed my arms and slouched further into my seat—if that was possible. This was wrong and I knew it. But what could I do? I was stupid enough to refuse a cell phone, we were miles from my home, and I couldn't just get out of the car now. I would have to wait until we drove back. In the meantime, all I could do was cross my fingers and pray we would live. We stopped around three for a bathroom break. We were at McDonald's, so we decided to have a bite there, too. Megan and I sat down at a table in the center of the room while David and Katie went up to order for us. "I hope they're not expecting me to buy—I didn't bring any money." I sighed and stared at the boring cream walls covered with advertisements. "Ha, me too!" Megan giggled. I kinda laughed with her as the others appeared with a bunch of fries and sodas. Great. Just great. I hate pop. Well, at least I don't have to pay… David handed me what looked like a Sprite and I sipped it distastefully. I munched on the plate of fries as everyone settled in and did the same. Katie had a million things of nothing to talk about to Megan and once again David and I were left out of the loop. I was mad at him for not slowing down though, so I didn't say anything to him. Soon we were back on the road. At first, we were at a normal pace and I was very grateful. But just as I thought we were going to survive, David started speeding up again. "Hey, how far are we away from Kirkwood?" I asked. It was where we all lived and went to classes for senior year. "About fifty miles." David answered. "Okay." I nodded. Far, but close enough. We seemed to be heading home anyway, so it wasn't a big deal. I should be home in time to keep my promise to Mom, too. We drove for a really long time in silence. If driving around all day at neck-breaking speeds not talking is fun to these people—they're socially inept crazies. I told myself I wouldn't be doing this again anytime soon. I can't believe this was my whole Saturday! I started to nod off as the sun started to set. It must've been somewhere close to seven and I was bored out of my mind. Sleep sounded like a good idea, but I kept feeling that if I fell asleep, David would start driving faster. Before I knew it, Megan was shaking my shoulder. "Sleepy?" "Uh-huh." I nodded and sat up. It was dark outside. "How long was I out?" "Eh, about two hours?" Megan asked the front. Katie nodded but kept texting. "Seriously! Crap, Mom's probably gonna be ticked." I looked out the window and was surprised we were in the countryside and not suburbia like I was expecting. "Where are we?" "Dunno." Megan shrugged. "Can we go home soon? Please?" I asked. "Bored?" Megan asked disappointedly. "Sorry." I shrugged. "Okay. David, where's home?" "Close." He answered. "Time?" "Fifteen? Twenty minutes?" He guessed. "Sound good?" Megan asked. "Yeah, thanks." I nodded, feeling much better. I sat back, much more relaxed, and waited for the scenery to become more familiar. I finally started recognizing things through the dark as we passed the closest farm to my house. Luckily, we seemed to be going to my home first. I actually became so comfortable that I didn't realize that the car had sped up again. The headlights passed quickly—shining their light on the trees and road signs that whipped passed. So fast, you couldn't even read them. Just as I was getting nervous again, my worst fears were realized… David didn't see the coming bend in the road. Instead of turning right, the 1993 rusty white Volvo flew off the road and into the tree line. Megan gave a yelp and Katie finally showed emotion because her phone was thrown from her hands by the bump. She started to scream bloody murder. David gave the wheel a great turn to the right to try to steer the car back to the road. He wasn't strong enough to go against inertia and make a complete donut, but he turned the car completely to the side so that David and I were hurtling towards the tree line. There was a lump in my throat. Even though I was terrified, I couldn't scream or even have time to panic. Everything was happening so fast. It was instantaneous. It felt like an earthquake and pressure seemed to be squeezing me from every side. The rear of the car—my door specifically—smashed into something with an enormous amount of force and I was jostled from side to side. Glass shattered and throughout it all, Katie's screams were the only things that filled my ears other than the sound of the bending and twisting metal of the car. My seat belt. My seat belt. My seat belt is crushing me. The seat belt held me in and pinned me to the side of the car that was wrapping itself around the tree. I was bent with it all. The pressure was too much. All of this happened in a few short seconds. There wasn't time for pain. And suddenly… I was blind.