Prince's sword with strength, but Thranduil had a good grasp on it. Greenwood's heir took advantage of the wasted strength of the other and redirected his weapon, so his blade was upon Vanwe in a matter of seconds. Smiling, he let his sword down, knowing his friend's weapon would be there at time to stop his. The clash of the metals confirmed Thraduil's thoughts. " Valar, Thranduil. Where did that come from?" " Do not think I don't know how to use my weapons, Vanwe. After all, how can I protect Greenwood if I can't protect myself?" He said with a smirk. Vanwe opened his mouth, an answer almost leaving his lips, when they heard someone come. " Prince Thranduil! Lord Vanwe!"An elf ran through the frontal courtyard to the green. His face was flushed due to the haste he seemed to be in. Both friends shared a worried glance with different scenarios playing in their minds. They walked to meet the elf. " Calm yourself and tell us what happened." Ordered Thranduil as soon as they caught up with the messenger. The Prince's heart was racing. His father, Oropher, had been in Esgaroth in a meeting with the men's chief and he was due to return that same day. If something had happened during the journey... " It's the Esgaroth party, my Prince. They were attacked on their way here." Thranduil felt blood leaving his face. " Go on. Go on, for Valar's sake, don't stop there." He hurried, strongly gripping the elf's arm. " They just arrived. I... I think the King's fine, but..." He looked at Vanwe. "I've been told something happened to Lord Aeglos." The relief Thranduil had felt when he knew Oropher was fine was immediately replaced for a new anguish. He turned, knowing his friend would need him if his father had been injured. Vanwe was clearly fighting to keep the calm. " How...?" He asked, with dry mouth. " I don't know, my Lord. They are in the Healing Ward. I was sent to lead you there." Thranduil nodded. "Lead us, then." He touched Vanwe's shoulder, leting him know he was there for him. xXx Aradan entered without knocking. He didn't need to, Thranduil would already be waiting for him. He found the King looking through the window at something on the green. He hadn't moved when he entered, so the Master supposed he hadn't heard him coming in. He cleared his throat. Thranduil turned and welcomed him with a smile. "Aradan, I hadn't heard you coming." "Yes, I noticed." He let himself fall into the nearer armchair. "So? I'm assuming you saw the fight from here." "I wouldn't have missed it for all the gold in Middle Earth. Quite a spectacle." "Indeed. Your son has a strange style. Strange but effective, nevertheless. I think he earned some respect today, after all, he has overcame the Weapons Master." "Do not discredit yourself. You didn't know he would move that fast." "I should have. He was quick in his youth, but I hadn't realized how much his skill had grown until the fight. Whoever trained him did a good job." He eyed the King, who breathed deeply and said: "I'm afraid we won't want to thank him for his training Legolas, Aradan. Vanwe was his teacher." Lord Aradan sighed. "I feared he would be. I recognized some of his favorite movements in Legolas's fighting. Still, he did a good job." "Yes, I guess he did, hard it is to recognize." Thranduil sat by his friend. "Aradan," He added, in a lower voice. "What about the other elves? You know, the ones who..." "The ones who don't think Legolas trustworthy." The Master finished, nodding. "I saw some of them in the training. I think they were not too pleased at his ability, but they did nothing. I have the Prince well guarded, Thranduil, do not fret." "I know you do, mellon-nin, but I can't help but feel uneasy about it. You know what happened last time someone plotted against us." "I remember very well, my King. It was a terrible affair with terrible consequences. Innocent people paid for it." "But no one suffered it as much as Lord Aeglos did. I actually pity Vanwe for what happened to his father. To be thought a traitor when he was the more loyal subject my father could have..." "And what happened after that." Thranduil nodded and sighed. He massaged his temples. "It won't happen again, Thranduil. I will take care of it. Your son will be safe." "I know, mellon-nin. Thank you." xXx Legolas walked beside Daeron, who had been asked by Lord Aradan to accompany the Prince to his room. He was pensive, still thinking of the fight. "You are very silent, my Prince." Legolas smiled. "Don't mind me. Where did you go during the training?" "Nowhere. I watched the whole fight. Rather impressive, if I may." "You were there?" Legolas was astonished. "Why do I have the feeling you never let me out of your sight? Don't you have more important things to do?" "Oh yes, my Prince. But..." "I know, I know." Legolas waved his hand. "You made your mistakes and you are not letting them happen again. Daeron, you never said, what mistakes were you talki-" Legolas was interrupted when an elleth carrying a tray stumbled. Daeron, with remarkable reflex, bent and prevented her from falling, which made his cloak lift. Legolas froze. Realizing his mistake, the servant let the elleth go and readjusted the cloth, but it was too late. He looked at Legolas, knowing the Prince had seen what he had hidden under the cloak. "It is only as a precaution." He tried. "Yes, I'm sure of it" Legolas said, cautiously. "But still I find rather strange that a servant must carry a sword inside the palace. And hidden beneath his cloak." Daeron just clenched his teeth. And? Good? Bad? I take every single opinion into account, so please, review! :)