pole on the platform at each end of the field, which resembled the base of each team. Every players were bare chests and had a piece of cloth tied around their upper arms; new cadets with blue and older cadets with red. Their weapons were painted with wet paint of their team colors. "Let's the game begin!" After Master Gillas' announcement, both team roared and attacked. "What do you think of the other team's tactic?" Erethion asked his baby brother's opinion. "I think they want to kill as much as they can. They do not attempt to rescue the hostage since they found that there were guards around the pole." "Yes, I see as much." Glorfindel, Ecthelion and two more cadets were approaching the opponent's base quickly. They were outnumber, so they needed to end this game as soon as possible before everyone in the team was killed. "Would you like to sit on my shoulder for a better look?" Erethion offered. "Aye, thanks brother." Now Erestor had a better look to the battle field. "Tell Glorfindel to go to the right, there were less people there." Erethion sent the signal. "We already lost 4 people and 3 captures. That's 13 points. But we got just 2 kills and 2 captures. That's 8 points." Now Glorfindel and his rescue team arrived at the opponent's base. Two guards charged and killed one of them. "Thel, go untied Linnel! Sora and I will take care of these two!" Erestor and Erethion watched the rescue mission carefully. "Thel, to the right!" Erethion shouted. They watched Ecthelion untied the hostage and helped him to get out of the platform. Glorfindel and Sora rushed to be on their sides and fended off the opponents. "The red team is getting to the hostage." Erestor mumbled. "We need to end this game as soon as possible. We are 14 marks behind." Glorfindel and his team made their way to half of the field now. "We need one capture and one kill." Erestor told his brother. "One capture and one kill?" Erethion raised his eyebrow and smirked. "Right." "Fin, hold it right there! We need one kill and one capture, fast!" Erethion shouted. Glorfindel nodded and signal Ecthelion and Sora to go ahead and waited near the base. They needed more points to win this game. The nearest opponent was captured easily. One more kill to go. One more of the blue team fell. "Two kills!" Erethion shouted. "It's not that easy!" Glorfindel shouted back. No opponent wanted to fight with Glorfindel. The blue team tried their best not to be killed or captured. "Blue retreated!" Erethion shouted. Everybody in blue team retreated and grouped together to defend themselves. "Can we kill the hostage?" Erestor asked. "No." "Well. Can Glorfindel kill two by himself?" "In this condition? No. He's too exhausted and the opponents are too many. He might be killed after he kills two." Erethion explained. "Then we have to send two to get two." "Alright." Erethion nodded. "Fin, Thel, two, sacrifice!" He shouted. "Damn you, Thion!" Glorfindel cursed, and, with Ecthelion, he charged. The suicide mission was too quick. The two lords attacked the red team and killed two each. They were surrounded by the opponents. They managed to make some of the opponents injured before they were killed. "Sora! Go!" Erethion shouted for Sora to take the rescued hostage to their base. The sound of horn blowing was heard to signal the end of the game. "Good game, cadets!" Master Gillas said after the two teams were lined up in front of him. "We shall count the score." Everybody was so excited except for the butterfly brothers who already knew the result. "The red team got 7 captures and 12 kills. It's 33 points!" The red team roared with delight. "The blue team got 5 captures and 8 kills. It's 23 points!" The red team roared louder. "What!?" Ecthelion cursed. "And the blue team got another 10 points for the rescue. It's 33 points in total! Congratulations both team. It's a draw!" "What!?" This time both Glorfindel and Ecthelion cursed, but everybody in the blue team cheered loudly. They didn't expect to win or even get the same score with their senior cadets. It's beyond their expectation. "Erethion, do you have anything to say?" Glorfindel glared at his friend. "Do I?" Erethion smiled innocently. "Yes." Ecthelion raised his eyebrow to his friend. "It's for the good course." Erethion's smile faltered. "If we won, the senior cadets would be embarrassed. They would hate us even more. In the future, if we need their cooperation, it would not be easy. For our team, you are already their leaders. They will follow you till the end. Because of your sacrificing and your bravery, I bet in the real battle, you would sacrifice yourselves to safe others, wouldn't you?'" "Aye, you are right." Ecthelion agreed. "Trust the butterfly brothers to come up with the plan." Glorfindel shook his head. "I didn't do anything." Erestor smiled and looked at Glorfindel with his big brown eyes. "Right." Glorfindel mumbled sarcastically. "Shall we have a drink or two to celebrate our win-win plan?" Ecthelion asked. "Sure, all 32 of us plus one." Glorfindel clapped Erethion's back not so lightly. "Your treat, Thion." "What?" Erethion cried. "Why?" "You are the only one who hasn't dropped a sweat." Glorfindel whistled and walked to the changing room with Ecthelion and left Erethion and Erestor, who didn't need to change their clothes, at the practice field. . . . [..tbc..] A/N: This story may be considered as the same universe as 'The Dance' and 'Shadows', but you don't need to read those stories to understand this one. I hope I didn't make the elves especially Erethion and Erestor too Mary Sue or Garry Stu, that is. Sorry for any mistakes. Thank you for reading this story. Review please, so I can improve my writing and the progress of the story. Thank you very much. Luthorin :)