day. Oh Valar help me. It's not that I didn't want to get married, oh no, never that. It's that I didn't know what to expect. Will I feel different, or will it just be another day, only I'll be tied to the one I love most in all this life? My Mam walked in and almost bursts into tears when she sees how pretty I look. She's a-blubberin' away while I try not to grimace over her fussing. She looks at me with tear filled eyes and says, "Oh, Rosie. I truly hope your marriage works out better than mine and your Da's. We've tried so hard for you and the boys, but I've got a feeling you're going to do alright with Sam." She patted my cheek and hurried to her seat when the music starts up. I started to go a little crosseyed, but I pull myself together and met my Da at the end of the aisle. He grins, and takes hold of my arm, pulling me into step beside him as me go up the aisle to where I see Sam. Sam, you looked so magnificent that day. All dressed up in your finest, and fair glowin' with pride and love. I got a little weak in the knees, and no mistaking that. Only my father's hand on my arm kept me from droppin' in a swoon right there on the floor, in front of all our friends and family. We finally reached the end of the aisle, and the look you had for me was one of pure love (with a hint of well-concealed ardor). Our hands were tied to each other, and the mayor said the words that was a s old as the Shire itself. When he asked you that binding question, you grinned and said what I had been hoping for since I realized I was in love with you. "I do." He asked me the same question, and I suddenly realized I was cryin' and lookin' ridiculous, but I mustered up my voice and said, "I do." Then I promptly passed out. But we've got bills to pay, We got nothing figured out When it was hard to take yes, yes This is what I thought about I walked into the kitchen, where you sat at the table, surrounded by leaflets and stacks of paper. I smiled sympathetically. Ever since Mr. Frodo had left to go to the Grey Havens, you had to pay the statements and financially support me in Bag End. Your face was drawn and exhausted from goin' over the papers again and again. Clearly, you wasn't ever meant to be gentry. You barely even registered my presence as the numbers swim before your eyes. I walked behind you and rub your shoulders, massaging the tension from them. You seemed to appreciate my efforts, as your shoulders slump and your head bows forward to rest on the table. "Thanks, Rosie-love," you mumbled into the wood. "Sam, you're exhausted and it's late. Come to bed?" I stroke your curls enticingly. You muttered something that sounds like weak resistance, before you allowed me to drag you from the work to the bed. I think I might have made you even more tired. But, I'd also bet we both thought a little lost sleep was worth it. And I remember that fight 2:30 AM And everything was slippin' right out of my hands I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street Braced myself for the goodbye, Cause that's all I've ever known And you took me by surprise It was our first real fight that night. Oh, we'd had a few arguments here and there, but nothing that couldn't be patched with an "I'm sorry" and a kiss. But that night… We screamed, we yelled, we scattered papers, I 'accidentally' broke a plate. I don' know about you, but I also nearly came to blows. It was everything my parents had done. Everything we said we'd never do... I really don' know how it all started (something about raising Elanor no doubt) but soon words that were never meant to leave our mouths were flying hither and yon. We were in each other's faces spitting venom that only snakes should possess. Finally, it got so bad that I couldn't take it no more. I ran. Past our little one's room, where curious eyes peered frightfully between us. I ran to the lane near Bag End and shook with the tears that racked my body. I had never felt so weak in my life, nor lower neither. But, as always, you surprised me. You came up from behind, and wrapped your arms around me securely. It only made me cry harder. I was so afraid, but you were swiftly erasing all the fears I had stored for so long. You said " I'll never leave you alone. I remember how we felt sittin' by the water. And every time I look at you it's like the first time. I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter. She is the best thing that's ever been mine. " Oh them words were better than a rescue boat in a storm. I sobbed into your coat as you held me close. "Hush, now, Rosie-love. Your Sam's here." "Samwise Gamgee, I love you so much," I whispered and tilted my head up for a gentle kiss. "As I love you, Rosie Cotton. From now until forever." You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine We're gonna make it now, And I can see it now. Read and Review, me dears. Reviews to me are like The Ring to Frodo. Apparently, you can live without them, but life sucks bad if you try. So if you don't want me to sail away to the Grey Havens to be with my love (Reviews AND Frodo), then leave a comment. :)