healing ward, a wizened healer pointed them to a bed. Two others rushed around gathering instruments and supplies. The elf gently laid Elboron on the bed. Eowyn immediately knelt beside Elboron and stroked her son's matted hair. Her pale face glanced up at the prince, "Legolas, what happened? What happened to my son?" "He went off to scout by himself. He met a small girl being chased by brigands. Elboron protected the girl and fought them off." The elf gulped, "He blew the Horn. I got there as fast as I could, but...I'm sorry." Just as Eowyn was about to respond, the healers gathered around the bed and began to work on the youth. One healer lightly directed Legolas out of the way. He watched while they examined Elboron's wounds. Their faces fell. Their grim expressions twisted his gut, and made his breath hitch. I'm too late. Suddenly, the door burst open and Faramir dashed into the room. His eyes searched wildly for his child. Within a second, they settled on the bed and its occupant. The sight stopped Faramir in his tracks. He swallowed hard and rushed over to his wife's side. Legolas observed Faramir wrap his arms around Eowyn in a comforting embrace. The steward reached out to touch Elboron, but a healer stopped him and said a few soft words. Eowyn also said something; Faramir drew her closer in response. He turned around to Legolas, but the prince turned away. He could not bear to face his friend. Not now, not when Elboron was dying. It was too much, and Legolas ran out of the room. Yet, he did not go far. He found himself pacing the corridor outside the room. After several minutes, the elf leaned against the wall for support. All the while, he begged the Valar for a miracle. The hours ticked by, and Legolas remained curled against the wall. Tear tracks streaked his face, but the tears had dried a while ago. His countenance was haggard and drawn. He looked old for an immortal. The elf's blue eyes stared listlessly at the wall across from him. Two legs stepped in front of him. An auburn haired elf leaned over and clasped the prince's shoulder and gently shook it, "Legolas...Legolas." Legolas jumped out of his reverie. The elf soothed, "It's me, it's Delhir." "What do you want?" rasped the blond elf. "I want you to get up and take care of yourself." Delhir tried to pull his friend up, "Come bathe, change your clothes, and eat something." The prince shrugged out of the elf's grasp. "No. Just leave me be," he mumbled wearily. "But…" "I said leave me!" Legolas snarled, "Go!" Delhir regarded him for a moment before he nodded and padded back down the hallway. Legolas sighed and buried his head in the folds of his arms. Faramir found him like this when he exited the ward. "Legolas?" The steward quickly walked over to the elf, and breathed a sigh of relief as he noticed the steady rise and fall of Legolas' chest. Faramir knelt down beside him and placed a hand on his arm. "Legolas, mellon nin, are you well?" The firstborn glanced at the man, but quickly averted his gaze. Faramir's brow furrowed with concern, "Mellon, why won't you look at me?" "Because...because I betrayed your trust," the elf whispered, ashamed. "What do you mean?" Legolas drew in a shaky breath, and looked his friend in the face. "You trusted me with your son. You trusted me to bring him back to you safe." He hung his head, "I failed to do that." "This is not your fault." "Yes it is. I...I should've stopped him or gotten to him sooner." The prince shuddered, "Now, Elboron is dying, just like Boromir did." Faramir exhaled, "Elboron is going to be fine, mellon nin." A touch of color returned to the firstborn's grey face. "He is?" "Yes," the father smiled. "He faces a long recovery, but the healers say he will live." "Ai!" Legolas dragged a hand over his face and exhaled, "Praise the Valar." Faramir murmured his agreement, and sobered again. "Legolas, do not bear a burden that is not yours to bear. Neither my brother nor Elboron would want that." "But I…" He held up a hand, silencing the elf, "Elboron is old enough to make his own choices and live with the consequences, whatever they may be. He knows the cost of protection, as did Boromir. They chose to defend the innocent anyway. The decisions were theirs to make, and theirs alone." Faramir squeezed Legolas' arm, "We must make our peace with that." Several moments of silence passed. A mix of emotions fluctuated on Legolas' countenance as he pondered his friend's words. Finally, he let out a weighty breath, and let the tension drain from his body. A small smile tugged the corners of his mouth, "You're right, mellon nin." The steward chuckled, "Tell that to my wife." The prince paled, "I dare not." Faramir huffed and rose to his feet. He extended an arm to the elf. Legolas seized it and let the man haul him up. "Hannon le," he whispered as the two friends embraced each other. "I need to go back in and check on them." The human clapped the elf's shoulder, "In the meantime, go clean up and get some rest. I'll send word when he wakes." He nodded reluctantly, "If you insist." "I do." The father strode over to the healing ward's door. "Faramir!" Legolas called. The steward stopped, "Yes?" "You should be proud of your son. He stood like a wall between the girl and those men. None were able to get past him." Faramir dipped his head and smiled, "I am." Author's Note: I haven't decided whether or not I should end it here. Would you like me to continue? Feel free to let me know. Thanks! Translation: Penneth - young one Saes - please Hannon le - thank you Mellon nin- my friend