could be dead for all we know! Or worse, dying. And there is nothing we can do because we can't find you! Humans can be so dumb and careless! On the outside he displayed none of his feelings. His face a neutral mask of calm. A mask that could shatter at any moment. No, I cannot lose it. Aragorn needs me. I need to be strong. Forcefully, he pushed his emotions of worry about Estel's well-being aside, along with the fatigue from his long trip from Mirkwood. "Where have you not looked, Erestor? My escort and I will begin searching there." "Legolas, I know you want to help, but you have had a long journey. Even I can tell you are weary, though you are trying to hide it." Holding up his hand to still any protests, the advisor continued. "Lord Elrond is out with his sons, looking for Aragorn. However, if he was here, he would insist that you rest. You will be of no help to Aragorn if you collapse from exhaustion." Recognizing the signs of resistance in the young elf, Erestor lowered his voice so that only the prince could hear and played his trump card, "If you will not rest for your, or Aragorn's sake, then think of your escort. They are exhausted, they need rest. Please, just rest for the night. Then you can set out refreshed at dawn tomorrow. It is in the best interest of everyone ." The blonde elf warred within himself. He wanted to grant the elves under him some much needed rest. Yet, he yearned to find his friend and ensure himself of Estel's safety. His heart Knew that something was Terribly wrong. Aragorn would never worry his family and friends like this without reason. He was either kidnapped, severely injured, or, Valar forbid, dead. Time was not on Aragorn's side. While the duty of friendship called for him to immediately begin looking for his dear friend, the duty of being a prince who was supposed to look after his people commanded that he let his escort rest. Ugh! I wish I could throw duty to the wind! Legolas sighed heavily, "Very well. We will rest for the night and join the search at sunrise tomorrow. Erestor, if it pleases you, will you show us to our chambers? I believe my escort and I would like to freshen up." A relieved grin graced Erestor's countenance, and he turned to enter the house, beckoning them to follow, "This way. The stable hands will care for your horses." A hand grasped the prince's left shoulder. He spun around to see Eriphael giving him a reassuring smile, "Fear not, mellon nin. We will find Aragorn. Once our hawk eyes begin scouring these lands for that ranger tomorrow, there is no way he can stay unfound." Eriphael's attempt to alleviate his anxiety failed to soothe the twisted knot in his stomach. Aragorn was in trouble, most likely grave trouble, and nothing would convince the blonde elf otherwise. Still, he smiled back at the brown-haired warrior, "Hannon le, mellon nin." The prince then followed Erestor up the stairs. It is going to be a long night. The chirping of crickets muted the soundless, booted footsteps of an elf crossing the hardwood floor. He had waited impatiently for hours until the last elf of his guard fell asleep. Noiselessly, he placed a small note beside the bedside of a sleeping Eriphael. Within seconds, he vaulted onto the closest window. Taking one last look at his friend, the elf slid out the window. He is going to kill me for this when he wakes up, he mused silently. The prince carefully climbed down the house, using the network of vines wrapped along the wall. Without hesitation, Legolas jumped the last few feet to the ground. He landed smoothly. Ensuring himself that there were no guards around, he sprinted to the stables. He noiselessly propped open the stable doors and slipped inside. Blue eyes adjusted to the gloomy blackness. The musty smell of hay tickled his nostrils. Resisting the urge to sneeze, Legolas strode down the long line of stalls. "Mellon nin, where are you?" A small whinny sounded from the end of the stalls. In a flash the elf located her. She greeted happily him with a nuzzle. After patting her head fondly in return, he removed her saddle from the wall. "I know you have traveled far, but I am in need of your assistance. I must locate Aragorn quickly, for I fear it may already be too late." Sensing her master's urgency, the mare nodded and remained still as he readied her for their journey. Not five minutes passed before the prince had her saddled and his pack secured on her back. As habit from centuries of training, he hastily checked his supplies and weapons one final time. All is ready. Upon leaving the stable, Legolas effortlessly swung into the saddle. With a cluck of his tongue they were off. Soon the inky night swallowed him and the mare as they headed up the path that exited Imladris. Hold on, mellon nin. I will find you. Little did the elf realize that the darkness of the night was nothing compared to the darkness of evil that he would discover. Author's Note: Any thoughts? Do you like it? Do you want more? Let me know :) Reviews would be awesome and much appreciated! At the moment this is not a companion piece to my other two stories, Worth Fighting For and Depths of a Promise . FYI, I am not abandoning my other story Depths of a Promise . I am just taking a break from that story until I can get my creative juices flowing again. Besides, I want to see where Without a Trace will take me. :) Translation: Mellon/ Mellon nin - Friend/ My friend Gwador - Brother Adar - Father Hannon le - Thank you Mae govannen - Well met (or welcome)