the Elf brush lightly against him and leap forward to help Gimli shepherd the Hobbits, who with stoic obstinacy, seemed set to refuse escape and stay to guard their friends. Grim and silent, Gimli placed Boromir's shield carefully on the ground close by the Man, as one would array a fallen Warrior for memorial. Only then did Aragorn realize he still had a hand clasping Boromir's other arm, was bent forward over him. The Healer's Link between them was still so strong, he could almost read the other Man's mind. Then, with surprising force, Boromir's elbow slammed into Aragorn's knee. That effort took the last of Boromir's breath. Aragorn heard the Gondorian's curse through their Link rather than with his ears. Spitting as much blood as the one word "Go!" Boromir managed to lift his head and jerk it behind him to add emphasis. The Balrog closed another mighty, burning step and the rocky ground heaved so violently that it brought an already off balance Aragorn to his knees. Which left his eyes and mind, despairing and desperate, locked with Boromir's. Images came to him, images that tormented Boromir. A younger Man, a Ranger of Gondor, with the same russet brown hair, the same stubborn jaw, but blue eyes, not green. Faramir. The White city, its magnificent walls in ruins, its towers toppling, its homes and streets aflame, its people's bodies littering the streets. Gondorian soldiers, at the last gate, the Seventh level, fighting desperately only to be torn apart by cave trolls or taken by Nazgl... ' The world of Men will fall ….' Aragorn heard Boromir's thought, ' And all will come to darkness. And my city to ruin!' Boromir's fingers closed in a surprisingly powerful vice about Aragorn's wrist, his intent green eyes begging, pleading, commanding, needing help, from ... his King? Tear's blurred Aragorn's sight as he nodded sharp acceptance, all the weight of doubt falling away from him as dead leaves fall at last from a tree preparing to renew itself. This was right, this was what he had been born for. The sure knowledge flooded through him, carrying with it the essence of the Link that lent him Boromir's confident leadership. And approval. "My King!" Boromir gasped aloud, and Aragorn knew they were the last words he would say in this life. Boromir smiled and released his hold, his eyes closing with exhaustion as he sagged down to the ground, leaving Gandalf free to fight, to defend the bridge. "I will come back for you," Aragorn promised, hoping it would be true. He spared one last glance for Gandalf who was turned away, toward the Balrog. Then, he ran, leaping around the two, to rejoin the remaining Fellowship, where Legolas and Gimli were busy defending against the Goblins awaiting any that might escape the Balrog. Frodo, his blue eyes huge and bright with tears in his white face, stood frozen, deaf to all pleas to run, transfixed by the sight as his dear friend turned to confront death. Merry, Pippin, Sam, fell prey to the same emotion as they too, realized what Gandalf was about to do. "No…." Legolas' whisper of loss was swallowed up in the roar and stamp of monstrous feet and a giant mouth bellowing liquid fire. "You shall not pass!" Gandalf's command rang as pure and clear as the white light that sprang to his aid, bursting upward as he brought his staff down hard. It impacted with the rock as if to cleave all Arda in two. Rock that had stood Age beyond Age shattered as if made glass, obeying a countering righteous wrath even more ancient. A blinding halo of purest white erased sight of Wizard and Man, engulfing the red-black fury of the Balrog and sending it toppling into the abyss. The light winked out, and Aragorn, his face tight with a grin of victory, could see them plainly again. Unbelievably, Boromir had propped himself up and drawn his dirk, the weight of his sword far beyond him. He guarded as Gandalf watched, craning forward to be sure of their enemy's demise. "They did it!" Merry and Pippin cried. Aragorn hurriedly snatched at them, holding them as they set to run back out onto the dangerously unsteady, hanging span of broken bridge. "Legolas and I will go – " he began, the words cut short by the look of horrified shock on their faces. Pivoting, he caught sight of Gandalf, bent to aid Boromir. Unseen, a fiery whip coiled upward from the abyss and wrapped about the Wizard's leg. Gandalf fell, snatching at the edge of the bridge and hanging there above an endless fall only by his slipping fingertips. Aragorn took a step to go back, but was blocked as Frodo moved around, ready to get there first. Aragorn gathered him up, and held him fast despite his struggles. Gandalf's eyes shone wide not with fear, but anger, impatience. "Fly! You fools!" he snapped in the silence. Then, with a strength he could not possess, Boromir locked one hand tight about the Wizard's wrist. "No," Gandalf said quiet and stern, as if to a child. "Yes," Boromir coughed and tried to pull him up. Aragorn had felt the defiant word through the Link, rather than heard it. If he could just feed the other Man more strength until... Holding Frodo hard to him, Aragorn concentrated. Focusing all his Healer's energies on the still present Link, he Sent all the Life Light he could spare directly to Boromir, doubling, trebling, quadrupling, the power of their Bond. Boromir shuddered as the energy entered him, but it was too little too late. He was spent, had no hope of lifting Gandalf, but he would not let go. Without a sound, together, Boromir and Gandalf fell, disappeared, swallowed up by Balrog and chasm as if they had never been. Death sang, reeking satisfaction. A/N … this is chapter one…. Don't worry, Boromir will be back in this story! …. Carolyn