light reflected off each stitch as the train of the dress hung of the bedspread to rest delicately on the floor. This was the one. This dress would surely bring out her sister's looks and maybe also grab the attention of a certain Lord of Greenwood. Anolindë could not help but continue to stare at the spot that the elven man had stood. Having retreated to another part of her home, she only thought of those piercing eyes. Once again it felt like he was trying to reach deep into her soul, to know who she was without words uttered between them. Feeling a gently hand placed on her shoulder, Anolindë turned towards Arwen who smiled gently and handed her a beautiful dress. Looking into her sister's eyes Anolindë could only see happiness resting there and an emotion she knew well thanks to her brothers. But what could her sister be planning? Without any words between them both, Arwen helped Anolindë into the dress, watching as her adoptive sister glowed in the moonlight that now littered the floors of Imladris. Both girls giggled slightly before a servant was sent to collect them both for dinner. Walking through the halls, many an elf bowed not only out of respect but out of love for the two young daughters of Lord Elrond. Hand in hand the girls finally reached the doors leading them into the dinning hall. Upon seeing his daughters enter, Elrond stood alongside Celebrain, her eyes glittering with tears at the beauty both her daughters radiated. Legolas stood, eyes wide as he caught site of the human before him. Thranduil raised an eyebrow towards his son's quick actions before he too turned, stunned by what he saw. He rose from his chair as Arwen rushed up quickly towards her mother and father, giving them small kisses before seating herself next to her brothers. Anolindë's eyes caught Thranduil's as both seemed to space out of time, everything behind them disappearing once more. Walking as graceful as she could towards the Lord, their eyes managed to never once leave the others. "My Lord Thranduil, I would like to introduce my daughter, Anolindë. I'm afraid neither you nor your son had a chance to meet her earlier during lunch. Anolindë, this is King Thranduil and his song Legolas of the Woodland Realm. They are visiting for a few weeks." Anolindë bowed gently towards the Lord as he took her hand in his, holding it almost as if she would break under his hold. Elrond watched the transaction with his eyes hardened as his wife placed her hand on his, calming him. The smiled that rested on her lips dispelled any anger he had left as he watched on. Thranduil let go of Anolindë's hand and pulled out a decorated chair for the princess, as soon she sat beside him. Across from him, Legolas watched his father with shock never having seen him behave as such. The only other time he had done such actions was then his mother was still around, though Legolas knew it was more a force of habit then a good nature call. All throughout dinner Anolindë and Thranduil would sneak each glance here and there. Elrond could only watch on as he figured out exactly what was happening between his daughter and the lord. Celebrain could only smile, her heart filled with so much pride and love for the youngest addition of her family. The twin joked behind their hands and sometimes included Legolas into their banter. Arwen watched on, enjoying her choice for the evening. Both were clearly interested in each other, despite knowing nothing more then their names. Anolindë excused herself towards the end with her mother and Arwen yet before she could travel far from the table Thranduil's hand took hers. Their eyes locked again as he brought his lips to her knuckles, placing a gently kiss there. Redness covered her cheeks as she bowed and was soon off, exiting the room without even a small look back. _ What was going on? Never had Thranduil acted in such ways, not even when courting his wife. His heart beat hard in his chest and he felt almost as if he was a young elf once more. He stood for a few moments after she had left the room, her name gracing his inner thoughts over and over again. Elrond watched with a small chuckle as the twins joined him. Legolas smiled towards his father taking a few more bites of his food. Thranduil soon rejoined the table trying to seem as if the actions he just took had not occurred. Silence settled over those still sitting as Thranduil debated with himself on how to proceed. This was Elrond's daughter and a human one at that. Could he really take an interest in finding more out about her? There must be a story behind how she came to be a daughter of Elrond. What happened to bring her to the gates of Imaldris and how was she able to take his interest when none could before? One thing was for sure though, now that he had met her, now that he knew her name, there was no going back. She was all he could think about. Those stunning sky blue eyes that held so much wonder and so much innocence. It was then that he came to the conclusion. Thranduil would speak with her once more. He would settle this strange fascination. A/N:Well what do you think? Please comment and please tell your friends about it okay?~ Thanks again and I hope to get out chapters for my Nazgul and Underworld fanfictions soon! Also... MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE! I'm really excited that its almost Christmas here! Only till tomorrow~ Not to mention its also snowing here so for the first time in FOREVER I'm going to have a white Christmas! So excited! Anyways, hope to hear from everyone! *hands out Christmas cookies and milk* **revised January 23rd, 2013**