ghosts?" "I said not so," Haldir corrected. "But there are not elven ghosts-at least not as men define them. Elves may die either in battle or by will and while most choose the haven of Valinor as the place for their spirit to reside, a very few do not. The Houseless are at once both more dangerous and more harmless than any 'ghost' Men can contrive. They wander the earth of their home and their birth, trying to recapture their lost lives. Men cannot see them though they can feel their presence. To try to commune with them or use them for your own purposes is both dangerous and wicked," He flashed a glance over Aragorn's shoulder. "Of course there are those who would say that even communing with living Elves is much the same." "Elves, ghosts- it's all fairy talk for the bitty babies," one of the few patrons behind Aragorn had overheard their conversation and put the question to his companions. His own half-empty mug had been often refilled that night. "No sense in listenin' to those." "What about the men who've gone missing? You don't think that's ghost work?" One of his gang voiced doubtfully with a sideways glance at the two strangers' table. "What about Taren then- if the ghost didn't get him? Or Chaven? Or Pegix! What happened to them, eh?" "Idiots got on the wrong side of bad folk," the drunkard dismissed, sloshing ale over himself with more than unsteadiness could explain. He set his mug down. "Bad folk. That's all. Bandits and sich. Can't mess with those folk…" "Bandits rob or kill you fast, dump your carcass in a ditch. Not cut you up like a pig and leave you bleeding to death in the middle of the woods." "Those woods is a bad place." The drunkard still shook his head, rotating his ale between his hands. "There have been a lot of these disappearances then?" Aragorn couldn't help asking, remembering their own vivid encounter with bandits just that morning. The man who had first refuted the drunk's argument looked over at him and gnawed his lower lip before replying, "Often enough. Young men mostly. They leave town for a day or two- go up to the woods to cut firewood or hunt. They don't come back. We've stopped sending out parties to find 'em- ended up losing more men than we found." He shook his head and rubbed his neck thoughtfully. A razor-thin scar stood out starkly against his tanned skin, curving under one ear and just missing the life-giving artery pulsing in his throat. He waved away their interested looks and took a swig from his tankard. "If you're really curious, ask Dark Car. She knows more about it than anyone I've ever met. Some say probably too much." "Dark Car?" He pointed. Beside the fire in an ashen corner sat a swarthy woman, her tunic showing signs of wear but still functional, her permanently mud-colored boots resting on the chair opposite her as she tilted her own back on two legs. As though hearing her name, she turned her head. Her sharp, slanted eyes gleamed like a wolf's. Tangled black hair down to her shoulders showed premature grey at the temples. The scarred man continued, ignoring her stare. "Right she-devil she is. She's wasted her life actually looking for the thing. Death wish out in these parts. Dangerous enough as it is without courting trouble…" He hastily let his chair legs come down with a clatter and focused on his abandoned meal. Aragorn suddenly felt eyes burning the back of his neck and twisted in his seat. The swarthy woman had approached their table and she was staring at his hooded companion with hostile curiosity in her coal-colored eyes. "I heard you talking to Zaren," she said in greeting. Her voice was oddly raspy as though ill-used or not at all. "He told us you were something of an expert on ghosts," Aragorn said, trying to direct her attention away from his companion. He failed. But she did snort at his words with a sideways glance at Zaren who cowered in his seat. "Called me a she-devil more likely. They say the ghost drifts from town to town, leaving the dried husks of young men in his wake. Any who live to see him- and there aren't many-say he has demon-eyes, hidden by a long cloak," her persistent stare swept over Haldir. Aragorn laughed but his eyes were wary, his face tense. "If we suspected everyone who wears a cloak we'd never trust anyone when it rained." "I don't think it's a ghost," she continued as though she hadn't heard him. She never took her gleaming eyes from Haldir who remained perfectly still, seeming untroubled by her close scrutiny. "But ghost or not, I'll find him, I promise you that." The drunkard who hadn't been listening to a word save the last laughed heartily. "You're full of dung, Dark Car! No sense at all in hunting ghosts!" Fabor, scenting imminent broken furniture, hastily intervened. "Now that's enough, Carlóme. Leave them alone. They've paid and they're staying as long as they want. Go back to your drink, on the house." The dark woman surveyed the bony ostler through narrowed eyes. Whirling about swiftly, she stalked back to her corner, downed her glass in one, long swallow and quit the room. Fabor shook his head after her. "Willful creature. She'll come to a bad end if she keeps going like she is." Haldir stood up, hurriedly followed by Aragorn. "I think it best if we retired for the night as well." A short time later, the elf captain slid his saber under the bed and lay down still fully clothed on the lumpy mattress. For a while he simply stared at the darkbeam ceiling, his mind churning with troubling thoughts and all he had heard. He was still awake when Aragorn's long, even breaths filled the room and the fire died low.