hear him order his men: "We leave. There is nothing for us to see here." Lothiriel breathed out, her heartbeat still racing. Loud footsteps went down the stairs until there was nothing left to hear except for the general noise of the tavern- people singing, dancing and drinking. The room suddenly felt empty. Lothiriel glanced down at Assus of Umbar, who looked nothing like the great pirate lord he used to be. "Well," she said. "Better get going." She forced ten drops of sleeping draught into his mouth. After a few moments his body went slack. She dragged him to the bed. He was incredibly heavy, and little beads of sweat formed on her forehead. Finally she put him on the sheets. She undressed him and was revolted by the smell his body radiated. The ropes came away and finally he looked as if he was peacefully taking a nap after an exhausting shag. The sword was leant against the wall next to the bed. When she couldn't spot anything suspicious in the room, she left. Downstairs, she was greeted with hollers and laughter. There were a few blond men in the corner, but the majority of the guests were locals and corsairs. They thought she had bedded their leader. Since she had screamed, it wouldn't have been voluntary. Oh, how she hated these lands and his habitants! "Assus…" she said to the barmaid, feigning weakness in her voice. Then she coughed and continued in a stronger voice, well heard by everyone. "Lord Assus demands another bottle of your best wine. He got quite… thirsty." The men laughed again. The barmaid gave her a pitying look. "I will go," she offered. "Thank you." Lothiriel said with a relieved smile. She then left the tavern, but not without being grabbed or slapped on the bottom multiple times. She was more than glad when she made it outside. There was no moon tonight. She went to the back of the house and waited for about half an hour. The noise inside grew even louder. She saw Assus' room being lit up by a candle and a shadow. Then it was dark again. Lothiriel waited a few more moments. When she was sure nobody was in the room except for her target, she grabbed the ivy. It was firm enough to hold her. Carefully she climbed up until she reached the window to Assus' room. Silently she got inside and whipped her dagger out. It was a short and messy affair. Tomorrow they would find him in bloody sheets and with his throat slit open. The way down was easier. Lothiriel jumped and landed on both hands and feet. She straightened herself and calmed her ragged breathing. She felt lightheaded and closed her eyes for a second. No one would see her, as she stood in the dark anyway. Lothiriel found out how wrong this assumption was when she suddenly was grabbed from behind. She gasped, but was immediately silenced by a big hand on her mouth. "Bring her to my room," she heard someone whisper. It was the King of Rohan. Lothiriel held her eyes shut and concentrated on her breathing. They carried her down the street and when the air changed, she knew they were inside a house. Reluctantly she opened her eyes. Rohirric men crowded the room. She didn't even think of fighting them. They simply were too many. Eventually, she was put into a room with a bed and a chair, but no window. The door was shut. The dizziness didn't subside, and Lothiriel staggered to the next wall and slumped down. It would be really bad to puke now. She put her head between her knees and deeply breathed in and out. Sweet Elbereth, what had she gotten herself into? The door opened. Lothiriel was too caught up in her own world to notice it. Suddenly the King of Rohan stood before her and she jerked, drawing her dagger. Strange; they hadn't even taken it. "Whoa, whoa!" He said and took a hasty step back. "Are you alright?" What a weird question, Lothiriel thought. Of course she was alright. She was startled when the King of Rohan kneeled down in front of her. He took her hand and carefully retrieved the knife out of her firm grip. "I will give it back to you," he promised. "I just don't want to get accidentally stabbed by you." Lothiriel only stared at him. There were at least five more daggers hidden in her clothes. "Oh, come on," he sighed. He leant forward, never making an abrupt movement, and scooped her up. Surprised, she clung to his shirt as he carried her to the bed. Today she was carried around a lot, it seemed. Instead of dropping her off, he merely sat down. His arms were still tightly around her. Lothiriel didn't know how long he held her. At some point, the giddiness left her body and the shaking of her hands ceased. With no tension left she got more and more exhausted. The King of Rohan was a good pillow. He smelled nice, too. Why exactly he did embrace her while she was having a mental breakdown was lost to her. She cuddled closer to his chest and his strong beating heart. There was a low chuckle above her, but she didn't open her eyes. It felt as if the rest of the world, everything that had led to this moment, didn't exist. And there was no sense in questioning the events of tonight, anyway. * - o - * - o - * - o - * - o - * - o - * - o - * - o - * - o - * - o - * - o - *- o - * - o - * - o - * - o -* AN: While the last chapter of Edoras : A History is in work, I decided to put that shorty online.