you'll leave them alone or I'll kick you out of here!" He argued. 'Strider' nodded, still smiling and turned to leave. "The fifth door on the left." He whispered quickly to the two, "Meet me there when you are ready." And he strode away quickly. Frodo watched him go then looked to Sam. "What do you suppose he wants?" The sandy haired hobbit asked, still shaken. "I do not know." IOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOI Drunken men dragged themselves out of the bar and only a few hobbits and quieter, darker men remained. Butterbur had finally sat down and was dabbing his forehead with a damp handkerchief. He glanced over to the two companions and smiled widely. "How is the ale treating you?" He asked and Frodo smiled at him. "I cannot say that I have ever tasted better." He replied and the pudgy man grinned. He stood up and made his way over to them, pulling up a stool. "What did he tell you two earlier?" He questioned quietly after a moment. Frodo shook his head. "Nothing except what he told you." Butterbur pursed his lips. "Who is he?" Sam asked. "He is one of them Rangers, that Strider. He walks in and out of here without a word. Always sits in that corner, he does, but he never bugs anyone. Still, he makes everyone uneasy. No one knows his rightful name though. He never says a word to anyone." He replied, frowning, "I wouldn't meddle with him, if I were you." Someone called his name from another room and he hurried away. Sam looked to his companion. "Well, what now? I don't particularly trust this Strider character. I know nothing about Rangers except that they guard the Shire's borders but no one ever speaks of them." "We should listen to what he has to say, I believe. Who knows? Maybe he knows what is keeping Gandalf." Frodo said and Sam shook his head. "Whatever you do, I'm going to come in case anything bad happens." The dark haired hobbit smiled and nodded. "Thank you, Sam." The two stood up and quietly started down the hallway. The snores of men reached their ears and from one door far down the corridor, a light shone out. They strode towards it, counting it as the fifth door. Frodo swallowed hard and tapped gently. Almost immediately, the door swung open and they were allowed inside. Sam glanced up at Strider warily before coming inside. The man closed the door softly and turn to face the hobbits. He smiled slightly. "I am glad to have you in my company." He said. "What do you wish to speak of?" Frodo asked quickly, watching the man with wide eyes. Strider's smile widened and he pulled down his hood. Black, shoulder length hair fell down in small, wavy clumps, accenting his chiseled face. A stubble was upon his face and his piercing gray eyes bored down into the hobbits'. His skin was an almost golden brown from wandering under the sun for many days at a time. His thin lips were set in a slight frown. "You do not know the evil that seeks for you day and night." He placed his hand on the hilt of his sword, concealed by his long cloak, "And I have come to protect you," He smiled, "Mr. Frodo Baggins." The said hobbit's eyes widened. "How do you know my name?" He demanded quickly, taking a step back. "I know your errand, Master Baggins. Would it not be strange if I did not know the one who carries such a burden? Your friend, Gandalf, he is not coming and you cannot linger here. Do you not think it odd that a wizard is late for a date that he set?" "I demand you tell me how you know of such things!" Strider frowned. "Frodo, you cannot stay here. You must leave lest the Black Riders find you and take it from you." "Black Riders?" Sam questioned, "Do you suppose the one we saw was a Black Rider?" The man's frown deepened. "Alas, they have found you already. Now we have no time to linger here and wait for them to knock at the front gates. They hold such fear that if anyone knew your true name, they would give you up without a second thought." Strider bent down to Frodo's level, "You must trust me, Frodo. Gandalf has been my friend for many years and to be late is not like the wizard I know. I urge you to leave at first light to Rivendell." "How do we know you are not lying?" The dark haired hobbit asked, narrowing his eyes. He smiled sadly. "You can never know if I am lying, Frodo, but it is a risk you must take. All I can give you is my word and that is sometimes not enough." He answered, "I can be your guide, if you wish it. I have traveled these lands many a time with my brothers and I can get you there more swiftly then any horse could." The hobbits looked between each other hesitantly. Finally, Frodo nodded. "Alright, Strider, we will have you lead us there." "But no tricky business!" Sam commented agitatedly. Strider smiled softly and nodded. "Ai, no 'tricky business'." He stood up and fingered the hilt of his blade, "We set off at dawn. The Ring must come to Rivendell as soon as possible." XXXXX Well, there you go. I am sorry not much happened in this one but you might be able to tell there are some differences already. I hope you liked it! And REVIEW please! Oh, if you want a response for your review, include your email in your review so I can thank you. :) Also, I did not plan on posting this so early so don't expect rapid updates. My other story, Lost in My Mind, is my main priority. Speaking of which, go read that, too! See you later! Until Next Time, Manwathiel