would find some privacy for meetings with Imrahil and Faramir or his elven kin. They found Prince Imrahil standing next to one of the high set windows, both elegant hands wrapped around a mug of steaming tea, looking out towards the north-western foothills of the Ered Nimrais. When the two kings entered the room he turned his head and smiled in greeting. "This study is a pleasant room but it should be located on the eastern side of the hall so it would gain from the morning sun," he remarked. "I thought you preferred the evening sun," Éomer replied without thinking. "Do I?" Imrahil raised an eyebrow. He took in the younger man's rumpled appearance and his lips curved into an amused smile. He was, of course, as always immaculately groomed. "Pray tell, my Liege-lord, where did you find our host?" "As I predicted, in the stables. Strictly speaking in his horse's stall." Éomer shrugged and walked around his desk, dropping into the chair behind it. "Safest place in the whole of Edoras. Nobody gets past Firefoot." "From that I gather it is quite common for you to share with your horse?" Imrahil asked, sounding perhaps a bit disbelieving. No doubt, a horse stall was probably one of the last locations he would consider an agreeable place for the night "There was a time when I felt much better knowing Firefoot was guarding my sleep." The Dúnedain knew he was referring to those years, when in Edoras, Wormtongue had held the reins in his hand. And, if he had seen a chance to get away with it, he would have had Rohan's heirs murdered without a second thought. A knock at the door announced Ælfgyth, a cast-iron tea kettle in her hands, followed by two young women, each carrying a tray covered with a napkin. With just a gesture she had one girl place the tray in front of their King, where he sat behind his desk. Aragorn settled down at the table in the centre of the room where Imrahil had eaten his meal. Whilst one servant cleaned away the leftovers, Ælfgyth served tea to the kings and refilled the prince's mug. "By the way," Imrahil addressed her in a friendly tone. "The honey-smoked ham was excellent." "You should not be surprised, my Lord," came the dry answer from the housekeeper, "It is from Gondor." She ushered the two other women out of the room and then left herself with a bow of her head. "Over the past days," declared Imrahil, "I found that your people are unable to take a non-committal remark simply as it is." "True," Éomer answered, soaking his porridge with thick cream. "Meaningless conversation is not one of their stronger points. And the ham is part of the foodstuff you brought along from Minas Tirith. Without it, the feeding of our guests would have been a very unbalanced and dull affair." "Speaking of food." Imrahil pulled out a parchment from where it stuck in his belt. "I suppose you heard that late last night a messenger from Minas Tirith arrived." "I actually saw him handing over several scrolls to Faramir." Éomer added a generous portion of honey to his porridge. He stirred the glutinous mixture of obscure colour, ignoring Aragorn's slightly disgusted gaze. "One of them was a letter from Erchirion," Imrahil held up the folded parchment, "informing us that a first supply of provisions has been put together at Dol Amroth. Three cogs carrying grain are going to leave the harbour the day after tomorrow and arrive in Harlond about five days later. There it will be reloaded onto wagons, which will take around fifteen days to reach Edoras. Rohan should receive the first winter provisions within a month from now." "That is at least half a month faster than I hoped for." "As I said before, if Erchirion chooses so, he is quite well organized and efficient," Imrahil pointed out. Éomer absently took a mouthful of the glue-like porridge. He took his time to chew and then swallow. "We will have to take everything west as soon as it arrives. I had a long meeting with Erkenbrand before he left to return to the Hornburg. The reconstruction of the villages proceeds too slowly. Not only do we have still problems with the building materials. One does not work well with an empty stomach, weakened by malnutrition. They are in desperate need of the food supplies." "You can send the wagons on as they arrive here," Aragorn assured him. "Beyond Helms Deep the Great West Road is only passable for wagons as far as the Fords of the Isen. Anything sent to the land between the Isen and the Adorn must be moved by packhorses. We need to inform Elfhelm. He left for Aldburg the other day. He has to assemble a sufficient number of horses and have them ready when needed." "You have a month to make arrangements before the first transport arrives." Aragorn tasted a bite of the praised ham. "From then on wagons will arrive at short intervals as long as the roads are open. After the winter we will continue until the new harvest has been gathered in." Éomer stared at the bowl in front of him. "I will feel much better eating as soon as I know that all my kinsmen can do so as well." Sunk in his own thoughts for a moment, he didn't see the questioning look Imrahil cast his King or Aragorn's answer, a resigned shrug with his shoulder and an amused grin. The Prince eyed Rohan's young king with some hesitancy, but when he spoke none of it was betrayed in his voice. "Éomer, there is something else I would like to discuss with you. Would you mind if we do so while you are eating?" "Not at all." Éomer replied amiably as he tucked into his porridge. "What is it about?" he asked and took another mouthful of the hot dish. "Lothíriel." TBC