was definitely a wicked glint in the marchwarden's eyes but seriousness too. Arwen was almost another niece to him. "I'll remember that." He stumbled again and gritted his teeth in frustration. "I'm not getting this at all! I've got two left feet." "All right, all right. Let's try something simpler then. The simplest I can think of. Let your feet move only ever-so-slightly and gently revolve. I think even you can manage that." Haldir looked rather as if he were enjoying this despite his sardonic tone and original reticence. To his relief, Aragorn found that, indeed, he could. Spinning in a slow circle, he could just imagine Arwen's delicate, shapely fingers interlaced with his. Her dark eyes that he could melt in staring into his own until the world fell away and nothing mattered: not his kingship, not the dark and twisting road unraveling ahead for both of them, or even his two dastardly left feet. Making her his wife would make him complete in a way he had never dreamed, never missed until he met her. However, this train of thought must have given him a slightly dreamy look because the next thing he heard was a too-loudly-vocalized-to-be-sincere ' ahem' from the doorway. He stiffened, mortified, recognizing the voice. They had acquired an audience. Haldir's two brothers, Rúmil and Orophin, and Legolas stood on the threshold, staring with mingled astonishment and open curiosity on their faces. Aragorn averted his eyes anywhere but at Legolas' face. The grand mallorn trunk that passed up through the floor in the center of the room was awfully thick even this high up and the silver bark lay perfectly smooth and flat. A hook in the wood provided a lovely place for a lantern. He wished Haldir would let go of his hand. The last chords seemed to linger far longer than they should have and dwindled into an even more dreadful silence. Legolas' mirthful laugh shattered it like a spring stream shaking off winter ice as the captain finally let Aragorn free. "Well, we finished the hunt just in time. We thought you might want to walk down to the festivities together but it seems we have arrived too late—you've started without us." Even Aragorn, despite himself, managed a grin, then a resigned and rueful chuckle. "If I'd known you would be so eager, Legolas, I would have invited you." "Estel's a lousy dancer," Haldir added, dodging sharply aside as the ranger whirled to cuff him but Rameil got there first. "You're cruel. He was doing fine considering he had you to contend with." "Are you implying that I'm somehow lacking in my instructions?" "Yes." "You are cold, adjutant. Very cold." "Are you going to stand here gabbling like elf women all night?" Rúmil interrupted the good-natured bickering. "You may have a fine dance step, muindor , but Linwen smuggled some of her father's fine blackberry vintage for merrymaking tonight (or so I've been told) that rivals nothing you have here!" The marchwarden acquiesced quickly enough but had to issue a final caveat to the ranger which, while not exactly comforting, was good advice nevertheless: "If in doubt, let her lead and," the elf grimaced and bent to press against his worn boots. "try not to step on her toes." "My tunic looks good on you, Estel. I think you should keep it." Orophin, Haldir's middle brother, said as they headed down the long hallway. He straightened a rumple in the velvet shoulder and nodded satisfaction. A much more critical look scrutinized his elder brother. "Button your collar, Haldir, it's a festival not a carousal. What did you do with your mantle? You didn't let it get all wrinkled again did you?" "Nag, nag, nag from you—that's all I ever hear. It's the middle of summer, Orophin! I need only my saber to fend off the over-eager," Haldir groused, complying sloppily one-handed with his brother's rider as he steered Aragorn ahead of him. Green, blue and golden lanterns littered the branches like nets of brilliant, vary-hued stars. Their soft luminescence glittered over the colorful gowns and flashing buckles of revelers and the green sward they revolved around. White cloth pavilions under which rained an array of excellent food and cool, ever-flowing drink had been draped over the thick, argent branches of a circle of trees, shapely and beautiful with their full, emerald boughs casting whirling moonlit shadows over the merry company. Somewhere overhead clear voices sang richly and harps, flutes and other stringed instruments accompanied them. Aragorn caught his breath as between the gleam of dancers he espied the one in especial he had longed for all night. Arwen's beautiful face brightened as they approached then registered concerned dismay as after greeting him chastely she turned to his companions. "You're limping, Captain. Are you all right?" Haldir hid a smile as Aragorn rolled his eyes over her shoulder. Legolas, Rúmil, Rameil and Orophin looked as if they were engaged in some great personal struggle not to laugh. "I'm afraid I'll be out of the dancing for awhile yet, hiril nin . But perhaps your gallant would like the honor of claiming the first one of the night?" Snatching the opening, Aragorn with a twinge of nervousness offered his hand and Arwen, smiling, took it. She all but floated into his arms. All his anxiety evaporated as she tucked her head against his shoulder. Ever mindful, he kept his hand planted squarely on her ribs, his other gently cradling her long, white fingers in a caress. This was much easier than he'd thought it would be. As they revolved slowly through the swirling couples, the human grinned at his erstwhile dancing partner, utmost contentment suffusing his face. Over Arwen's raven hair he mouthed hannon le . The marchwarden tipped up a glass in acknowledgment, allowing the briefest smile of pride to twitch his lips. It was indeed a beautiful night for dancing. Notes: muindor —brother (biological) hiril nin— my lady hannon le —thank you