and lesser, leaped up and spun, their skirts made waving circles around them. Inspired, Asad's nervousness fled, and he remembered the song he had played the night the King had risen from the river, which he played at that moment. "I like that tune!" declared the King. With a shout of joy, he jumped to the center of the hall and joined the dance. His arms waved, his robe swirled, his hair streamed, his feet stamped. He threw his head back and laughed. Everyone in the great hall seemed to draw in their breaths at the same time, while startled looks flashed over their collective faces, and then they all burst into laughter and clapped as if it was a great treat to see their monarch in such a jolly mood. The King laughed at himself even harder than they did. "Faster!" cried the mirthful monarch. "Play faster!" Asad played faster and the King's dance grew wilder. All the others had stopped dancing and watched in awe. Ever more madly did he move, whirling faster, leaping higher, stamping harder and laughing. From inside of his collar, Gamp whispered urgently, "Musician, end your tune! It seems to you the King merely dances in his hall. But all around us, the sea is tossing ships like toys, and giant waves are breaking on the shore!" Alarmed, Asad pulled a string until it snapped. "Your Majesty, my lute is broken." "A shame," said the King, winding to a stop. "I could have danced for days. But a fine fellow you are, Asad. I think I'll marry you to one of the river maidens and keep you here forever." "Be careful how you answer!" Gamp warned. "Your Majesty," said Asad carefully, "upon this island in the sea, your word is law. But this is not my home. I yearn to be a musician in the court of Minas Tirith and take care of my mother and sister." "Say no more about it!" roared the King. "Prepare to choose your bride. River maidens, come forth!" The beautiful maidens slowly passed in parade before Asad. Each was lovelier than the one before. But the poor fisherman's heart was heavy, and he barely looked at them. "What's wrong, musician?" the King said merrily. "Too hard to choose? Then I'll wed you to the one who fancies you. Behold your wife, Gilrain!" The most graceful maiden stepped forward. Her eyes were sparkling, and a soft smile graced her lips. "Dearest Asad, at last we can be together. For years I have thrilled to the music you've played on the shore." "Gilrain!" said Asad in wonder. "You're as lovely as your namesake river! Have all of my dreams come true at last?" From his collar, Gamp said softly, "You are a good man, Asad, so I will tell you the truth. If you but once kiss or embrace her, you can never return to your city again." That night, Asad lay beside his bride on a bed of seaweed. She's so lovely, thought Asad, so charming—all I ever hoped for. How can I not hold her? But time after time, the crab's words came back to him— never return to your city again— and his arms lay frozen at his sides when he would recall his mother and sister, and his friends, and the grief they would feel if they thought he was dead. He realized he could never leave Linhir and be happy, even to play in the court of the White City, and he wished that he had never had such a desire. "Dearest Asad," said Gilrain, "why do you not embrace me?" "It is the custom of my people," Asad stammered. "We never kiss or embrace on the first night." "Then I fear you never will," she said sadly, and turned away. Her shoulders shook with her sobs. He wanted more than anything he had ever wanted in his life to touch her, to tell her that he was sorry, but he remembered Gamp's words, and resisted. Finally, Asad slipped from the bed and fetched his lute. While playing his favorite peaceful song, Gilrain stopped weeping and that made him feel better. Finally, he leaned his head back against the wall beside his wedding bed and slept. When Asad awoke the next morning, he felt sunlight on his face. He opened his eyes and saw beside him not the maiden Gilrain, but the river. And behind him was the stone wall that encircled his mother's hut. "My home," said Asad, and he wept—perhaps for joy at his return, perhaps for sadness at his loss, perhaps for both. He knew that he would never play the enchanted lute again and he tossed it into the river. The years that followed were good to Asad. With the money that remained to him, he bought a large fishing boat and a crew to fill it. And so he became a merchant, and in time, the richest man in Linhir. What's more, his sister married a fine man and raised a family. Many a feast Asad would hold in order that he could play his father's old battered lute and watch his nieces and nephews dance, but he never again performed for hire. Yet sometimes still on a quiet evening he would walk out of the city alone, sit on the bank, and send his tinkling music over the water. And sometimes too a lovely head would rise from the river to listen—or perhaps it was only moonlight on the Gilrain. The end Gamp Sindarin for 'claw' A/N: This story is based on two similar fairy tales, one Russian and the other Japanese, about the fate of musicians at the hands of the Sea King in his underwater realm. There was something about the similar theme in these stories that appealed to me, which I have tweaked to fit within Tolkien's world and still retain the original flavor. I imagine this to be a fairy tale as told in Middle-earth.