soft in your time with that old meddlesome istari!" He countered heatedly. Many dragons had shared disapproval when Elysia's apprenticeship to Mithrandir was known. Elysia had already been considered a bit of an idiosyncrasy. Many were shocked when Elysia's formidable dam was impregnated by an unknown source. When dragons mated, it wasn't always for life for it depended on the dragon. To mate for life with a single partner was a rare occurrence. Still, every dragon always knew who their sire and dam was. Elysia was the exception to this and to many other things. Regardless, a dragon should have been raised by a dragon, taught by a fellow drake regardless if they hailed from different clans. They considered Mithrandir to be staining her dragon nature. An earsplitting shriek stabbed at their sensitive ears as the "kin killer's" claws raked the flat surface of stone. Elysia's tail twitched like a hunting cat as she released a low hiss. " Do you want to test that, blood wyrm?... I will skin you alive …" " Stormwalker! Fire drake! ENOUGH!" Valzinjr rumbled and quelled the rising venom between Elysia and Fyrenze. He lashed his serpentine head to the tall pillars where Fyrenze was perched and glared at the young drake with powerful gold eyes. " Take great care what you imply, Fyrenze. Are you saying you doubt my judgement?" Fyrenze seemed to shrink at this. "Forgive me, Eldest…. I did not mean to insult your judgement." He all but spat, unrepentant. The Eldest snorted and released a hiss before he directed his mind's voice to all. " We have little choice but to remain hidden from the wretched Eye of the Forsworn. As powerful as we are, the undiluted magic in our blood makes us weak against the Taint from his serpent's tongue… But Elysia has shown more resilience to the shadows than any of us. She is the only one that can act as our representative when the time comes and the Free People summon a council… The Forsworn has committed the most disgusting of crimes. We cannot linger and do nothing." A long heated breathe escaped the old being. "But we cannot lose more of our people to the darkness… If more of our people fall, then it will be our bane and the bane of this world." " We need not another Place of Sorrow." A gold and crippled dragon by the name of Glaedhron mournfully added. Dragons weren't the most peace-loving creatures. In battles and challenges, Elysia's kind held a savagery that could cripple a hardened warrior with fear, but they were not war mongers. To many veterans, like Glaedhron Goldenscales, the haunting misery of the war ran deep. Glaedhron's hatchlings were motherless and Glaedhron's back leg was lost in a battle between two of their corrupted kin, Agravel and Jura. They were his clansmen and cousins. Many dragons had been forced to fight against loved ones that went mad from the Taint. "Many that are not here have already sought to hide in slumber…" A serpentine drake of the sea hissed and swirled around her crystalline pool. Her scales glimmered several hues of sea green and silver while her lanky limbs grabbed the edge of the pool with clawed webbed fingers. "And the elves are sailing west, are they not?" The Eldest asked. The sea dragon hissed and nodded. " My sister, Mirimel grows restless. She has informed me the darkness dwelling in putrid waters is starting to stretch its tendrils. Many of my kin are beginning to stray further away from Middle earth and reside within waters closer to the eastern shores of the Undying Lands." "Fernyn Seasonscales residing in Mirkwood has become silent." A brown wingless dragon informed. Vanzinjr the Eldest narrowed his eyes and heaved a great sigh. "And so despair thickens and hope wanes… We must remain on guard. Those of you that yet sleep and will remain so must keep constant vigilance. May the stars watch over you, and may your claws and fangs remain sharp." With that being said, the great communion came to a wary end. Elysia remained while the dragons began to disperse, returning to their dwellings in the sea, mountain, plains, or forests. When they were alone, Valzinjr and Elysia finally spoke in private. " I have given already given you Silvindr amongst many other things. I cannot think of anything else I can give to you to aid you on this perilous task." Elysia was in her human form, perched on the massive forefinger of the ancient dragon. She smiled and bowed respectfully. " You have given me enough, Valzinjr-elda and have honored me with your faith. I will do what I can to help our people." The Eldest let out a small but tired sigh as he curled into a more comfortable position. " Perhaps it was fate that you became so different amongst us. You storm dragons were a curious clan in general, but you… You and your mother bring a whole new breed of peculiar into the mix…. May the stars watch over you, Elysia Bluescales." " To you as well, Valzinjr Whitescales…" In a whirlwind of blue streams and fiery magic, Elysia was off into the night for the very long journey back to the Shire. Elysia sat on a patch of grass on the hillside of Bag End, munching on a slab of salted pork as she watched Frodo and Sam marvel at the Loivissa in the distance. She smirked softly at Sam tending to the Loivissa with great care, scooping it out of its small clay pot and into a much larger and fancier pot glazed a lovely green that emphasized the beauty of the plant. Fyrenze was right about one thing. She did have a soft spot for the Free People, hobbits in particular, and she will see the end of the Forsworn's shadows not only for her people but for this place and its people she grew to love.