inside." Boromir heaved a huge sigh that lifted Frodo upward a little. "Thank you, Frodo. But I think he'd wonder if the Ring was in fact calling me to rescue it, rather than you." "I told you I can hear it!" Frodo said hotly. "It was as scared as me of that thing in the water. Well, almost," he amended honestly. "Gandalf can hear it, too, so he'd know. It was too scared to be doing any talking. It had nothing to do with your coming for me." "Maybe," Boromir conceded. There was a long silence in which the cold seemed to lunge and bite like a hungry wolf, and the pain in his arm began to make itself felt as Frodo's weight became more a strain. He was weakening. He needed to keep talking. About something cheerful, for preference…. "How long have you known Sam?" he asked. "Most of my life," Frodo said. "I met him after Uncle Bilbo took me in." He hesitated. "I was only very young." Boromir could have kicked himself. ' You just reminded him that both his parents drowned. Great work, idiot! ' "Oh," he said, trying to change to something brighter. "Sam has enormous courage, breaking cover like that to try to help us back there." "I know." Frodo sighed heavily, again warming Boromir's face. "That's what worries me. I wish Gandalf hadn't dragged him into this." "Gandalf dragged him into this?" Boromir repeated, mildly astonished. "Oh, I'm sure Sam would have come anyway," Frodo said quickly. "I mean, he was listening at the window." Frodo gave a little chuckle, full of affection. "He told Gandalf he was only cutting the verge." Boromir snorted. "So he was outside, where, in your garden at the Shire?" "Yes. It was well after dark, a fact Gandalf mentioned, after he dragged Sam in through the window and onto the table. Poor Sam looked set to die of fright." "I can imagine!" Boromir was enjoying this, now here was a tale to keep his mind from the cold. "What did he say?" "He denied having been listening, said he'd heard nothing except –" Frodo dropped his voice a little and changed his accent in a very good imitation of his friend. "That is I heard a good deal about a Ring and the Dark Lord and the end of the world." "The end of the world!" Boromir laughed. Then just as quickly he realized, that was, sadly, no exaggeration. There was another silence and even over the background roar of the rapids, Boromir's teeth could plainly be heard, chattering a violent staccato. Frodo would be able to feel his shivering as steadily it became more convulsive. The only warmth was from the contact with Frodo's clinging body and the burning pain in his wounded arm that, ironically, had worsened because of the sharp shivering fits. Boromir decided he needed to turn the conversation away from anything to do with the Hobbits having been dragged into this deadly 'quest, mission, thing'. He smiled at the memory of Pippin's eager but silly description at the Council of Elrond. Back to – he frowned – what had he been thinking…? He couldn't quite remember. A bad sign. He was losing concentration…. Oh right, meaning to talk about something else, something back in the warmth and cheer of the Shire. "So," he said. "You lived in Bilbo's house?" "Yes. But it's mine now. He gave it to me when he went off to Rivendell. He gave everything to me." Including the Ring. Boromir realized. Immediate sharp anger filled him. ' What unhappy chance, what unfair chance, that so vital a weapon should so easily come to someone who could not see it's worth. It should have been mine! I would know how to harness it for – ' ' SHUT UP! ' Boromir yelled back at the insidious voice. He felt Frodo shift above him and knew the Hobbit had 'overheard' the exchange. "See?" Frodo said. "You just did it again, Boromir. You keep winning. It really hates that." A small hand patted Boromir's wet, cold head. "I love it when you do that. I absolutely love it!" "I'm glad." It was some consolation, but Boromir worried how much more effective the Ring's attacks would be when he became more exhausted. "And," Frodo continued. "I told Gandalf about how you keep doing it." "And?" "He knew. And he was proud of you, Boromir. He told me so. He said he had been proud of you ever since the day…. Well, since the last time he'd seen you as a boy." "When my mother died?" "Yes." "Huh. Fancy that." "Fancy what?" "Gandalf feeling like that. I thought – " "What?" "Nothing." "Tell me," Frodo insisted with a teasing growl, and small fingers pinched his ear lobes. "Or I'll twist your ears off." Boromir bit back a laugh. Frodo was beginning to remind him – again – of Faramir. "Go ahead," he said with mock stoicism. "I don't think I'd miss them right now." Frodo began immediately rubbing his ears, very gently. "I know," he said with sympathy. "You're so cold." "Am not." Boromir said jauntily. "I'm just having a much needed bath. I'm sure Legolas would approve." Frodo snorted a laugh. "Anyway," he said pointedly, "Just so you know you were wrong about Gandalf." His voice thickened with grief. "He thought very kindly of you. He was always kind." "Mostly kind." Boromir corrected. "Ask Pippin." "True. But –" the fingers rubbed wonderful warmth into Boromir's frozen cheeks now. "I think he may have loved Pippin the most. So there you go, he only snaps at people he likes the best!" "I concede the point, Frodo. And thanks for the massage, it's helping. But you must be near frozen solid yourself, up there in the open air in wet clothes." "A long sight better than being down there in that icy water!" A pause, then, hopefully, "Do you think they might come soon?"