was a man who shouldn't be messed with, and Gimli had yet to see a single person go against him. And so it was quite a shock when somebody knocked quietly on the door in the middle of their meeting. It was even more of a shock when the owner of said knock did not wait for a reply before the door opened a crack. But the biggest shock of all was when Gimli realized that he knew the person intruding in on the conversation. Legolas. The blonde had poked his head in- looking straight at Thranduil and completely ignoring Gimli's existence- and quietly told the man that he was going out. Then he seemed to realize that he was interrupting something and hastily made to apologize. And then he noticed just who exactly sat in the chair across from Thranduil, and his fumbled tirade of apologies trailed off into a single word. "Gimli?" Gimli himself was busy staring, utterly gobsmacked, but he quickly drew himself together at the sound of his name. "Legolas?" The blonde smiled brightly, nodding and stepping further into the room, and Gimli stood up from his seat, intent on giving a proper greeting. A slightly baffled voice interrupted the reunion. "You two… know each other?" He mentally slapped himself in the face, they weren't alone; Thranduil was still there. Right, Right. How to explain? It turned out he wouldn't have to. "Yes Ada. We met on the train." Legolas was blushing again, and his eyes were on the floor as he nervously tucked an escaped strand of hair behind his ear. Part of his mind was focused on just how adorable the blonde looked, but everything else was too busy thinking Wait, Ada ? "On the train? You seem to know each other quite… well." And Legolas was blushing even more heavily, a light pink flush from the points of his ears to his scarlet cheeks, and Gimli was having trouble not exploding at the cuteness. "We just met once, Ada, I'll… I'm going out." Legolas flashed him another smile, though this one was slightly nervous and worried, and said quietly, "Bye…" And then he had vanished once more, and it was everything Gimli could do not to chase after him. "I'm sorry for the interruption, Mr. Durinson, shall we get back to business?" And so they did, even though all he really wanted to do was cry at the lost chance to hear the music once more. When Gimli walked out of Greenwood Industries, far more depressed and sullen than when he entered, he was shocked at the cry of his name. "Gimli!" He turned around, eyes widening upon spotting the tall blonde making his way towards him. "Legolas!?" And then the blonde was there, his green scarf flapping in the wind, and he was lean and graceful and bright and so very beautiful that he took Gimli's breath away by his mere presence. And he was real. Real and in the flesh and standing right there. He was also blushing again, and fiddling with his sleeves, and shifting on his feet, and looking absolutely adorable. "I, uh, I waited for you." "I can see that, lad." And now Legolas was blushing even harder, ducking his head and reaching up to tug at the edge of his scarf. "I- Do you- Uh. D-do you want to hang out? Maybe? Sometime?" For a few moments, Gimli stayed silent, and the blonde's face crumpled. But then he laughed, the sound deep and booming and filled with so much cheer that some passersbys did a double take. "Of course, laddie, I would love to hang out with ya." And Legolas beamed, practically glowing in happiness, and Gimli grabbed his hand, tugging him along in a random direction in the beginning of something rare and beautiful. ... The End. Notes: * I do this so now Legolas does this too. Don't Judge. ** Don't get mad at Gimli, he is very tired, stressed, and angry. He is at his wits end. If you were utterly ignored in his situation, would you be any better? Also, does anyone else hold Metro conversations? I do, it's fun. If it sounds really weird to you to want to hold a conversation with a complete stranger, sorry? I do it, and I've met some really cool people. You should try it some time! :D *** I based this off of a website, the title page is called What Are the Odds? It was very interesting, I recommend it. **** Of all my conversations and all that, I learned two rules: Its okay to talk about almost anything except where exactly you live, and your whole name. Also security stuff, but I'm young enough that those things don't matter. I mean, I've gotten into some really weird conversations... but people clamp up if you bring up those two things. So... yeah. ***** Why did Gimli not just look Legolas up? BECAUSE GIMLI IS NOT A CREEPY CYBER STALKER PERSON THAT'S WHY. Also, it would be super awkward: Oh Hi i'm that random dude you met on the Subway lets be friends . Also because I took liberty for the sake of the story. Actually mainly the last one, but SHHHHH! To all you people in the Music Industries, I am so sorry. I have absolutely no idea how anything works, and I winged all of it. I hope you can forgive me, and any feedback given to make it more realistic will be greatly appreciated. :) I hope everyone enjoyed the story, and reviews/comments/advice/criticism/grammar help/everything else will be greatly appreciated, but is not required. :) To every one who does favorite, follow, and review, a HUGE thank you is sent your way! Especially all the guests who I can't respond to, you guys are great and thank you in advance. :D Thank you for taking the time to read this, and I hope it live up to your expectations. :) -The Mashpotatoe Queen