apprehension at the sight of him quickly melted away. Perhaps he wouldn't be so bad. § Later that evening, Silivrén's handmaiden, Teress, just finished dressing the child for the night when the door suddenly swung open. Both Silivrén and Teress jumped and turned to see Legolas enter. "A knock would have been in order, sir," cried out Teress. Legolas ignored her and proceeded to walk around the bed chamber, inspecting the geography of the room. He went to the window and looked down from it. As he continued his inspection, Silivrén sat down at the edge of the bed. Drawing her knees up to her chest, she watched with amusement as Teress grabbed things out of his hands and placed them back where they belonged. He seemed genuinely curious about her personal items. The cloth doll sitting on the dresser, the bowlful of seashells. "Do you mind?" Teress asked in exasperation. Legolas continued to ignore the handmaiden and paused in front of the daybed beneath another window. "This is where I will sleep." Teress gasped in shock. "Absolutely out of the question! You will sleep outside of that door, on the floor, you tyrant." Silivrén covered her mouth with both of her hands to keep from laughing. Legolas's brows drew together as he turned to face the insubordinate handmaiden. "You will mind your tongue in my presence." "Careful, Teress," young Silivrén interjected. "He is a prince." Teress huffed in disgust. "I care not if he is the king of Arda. He will not be allowed to sleep in this room." To her surprise, the Elf unsheathed a white-handled long knife from his back and advanced upon her. She squeaked out a cry of fear and quickly bolted toward the door. "I will speak to the king about this." "Please do so," replied Legolas. "For your information, by order of the king, I have been instructed as of this very moment to not ever let Silivrén out of my sight. I have also been instructed to terminate the life of anyone who prevents me from fulfilling that responsibility." He gave her a lethal look. "I certainly hope you are not attempting to hinder me…my lady." Visibly shaken, Teress quickly left the chamber, closing the door behind her without another word. Silivrén could no longer stop her laughter. Legolas sheathed his long knife and turned to the girl with a raised eyebrow. "I certainly hope you agree that handmaidens are nothing but a nuisance." "She is far worse than my mother ever was," Silivrén confessed with a giggle. He unbuckled the strap at his chest and placed the quiver and weapons on the floor against the wall. Then he approached and knelt on the floor in front of Silivrén. "I spoke the truth when I said you will never be out of my sight." "Are you to follow me into the bath as well?" she asked, her blue eyes wide as saucers. Legolas took her left hand and held it between both of his. "No, I will not follow you into the bath." After noticing the size of his hands in comparison to her tiny one, Silivrén looked up at his pleasant face. "You have very pretty eyes." The words tumbled from her mouth before she could stop them. He chuckled. "And so do you, little princess." "I have never met an Elf before." He smiled at her. "Is that so? Your name is Elvish." Silivrén's jaw dropped in amazement. "I didn't know that." "So if you've never met an Elf before, how did you come about such a name?" "Mama named me, I suppose." She looked thoughtful. "I do know she met an Elf or two before I was born." "Tis the color white you are named after. A glittering white, such as the sparkle in your eyes." He playfully tickled the side of her neck. Silivrén giggled bashfully and then a bold thought entered her mind. "May I touch your ears?" He frowned slightly, but maintained his smile. "I do not think that is wise." "Why not?" "The ears of an Elf are very sensitive." "Do you mean that it will hurt you if I touch them?" There was a pause before he responded. "Tis best if I leave that question unanswered until you are older." Before she could question him further, he stood up and pulled down the sheets of her bed, prompting her to get beneath them. He tucked the sheets around her and sat down on the edge of the bed. "Trust your life to me, Silivrén. I will never let any harm come to you. And I will always be here should you need someone when you are feeling sad." "Sometimes I cry when I think of mama because I loved her and miss her so much. Do you cry when you think of those you love?" He reached out to caress her cheek. "I do because they are gone and I miss them terribly." "You are all alone then?" He gave her a warm smile. "Not anymore." Without thinking, Silivrén sat up and wrapped her arms around his neck, hugging him tightly. "I'm so pleased you are my guardian, Legolas." "So am I." When she released him, Legolas tucked her back beneath the covers and bent to press a soft kiss upon her forehead. " Maer velui , Erelei ." Silivrén smiled at his pretty words. "What does that mean?" "Pleasant dreams, sweet one." When he brushed his thumb over her brow, she felt her eyelids begin to grow heavy. "Will you teach me to speak your language?" she whispered. "I will do whatever you desire." Silivrén drifted off to sleep with a smile on her face. Legolas remained seated beside her for awhile before he moved to sit on the daybed. But he continued to listen to her steady breathing, becoming familiar with its pattern so that in the future he would be alerted to the slightest change and know if something was wrong.