I felt my heart melt a little more. "The rest you know, I think. The accident that brought her here, and after. You perhaps do not quite know the ins and the outs of the War, but any book can tell you those. Lord Celeborn has a penchant for writing history particularly well." "I shall visit the library tomorrow." I confirmed. "How did you fall in love?" I asked suddenly, and both looked at me as if surprised. "Blimey, that was forthright." Mum laughed, and then stood. "It might be fun to tell you the story – but lets do it inside, shall we? The tide is coming in." "Thank the Valar you have finally seen sense. Infernal creatures, the two of you." "You love us." Mother teased, taking my hand to pull me up. As soon as Father stood I flung myself at his back, arms about his shoulders and legs around his waist as his arms captured me. "Still not too grown to be carried, I see." He said with a laugh, turning his head towards me. "Never. I love you, Daddy." I rested my chin on his shoulder as we walked back up to the house as a trio, Mother giggling the entire way home as she followed, dress gathered in her hands to keep the sand away. I might have been growing, and growing quickly – yet still, there was something to be said for having quite so wonderful parents. I had laughed so much that evening as they told me first of their dubious tolerance, then friendship, and then love. "Do you think I'll ever marry, Mum?" I asked, head in her lap and my feet upon my Father's. "I'm certain of it, trouble. You know, I think there's probably even a betting pool about who it'll be." She teased, running her fingers through my hair. "Well, he'll have to be tall. Dark hair, I think, and he'll have to love watching the sunrise on the beach with me." I said thoughtfully. "Funny, charming, and maybe even trouble like me!" I giggled as Father began tickling me in earnest. "I do not doubt you will find all that and more." He said. "But let us not have to think on marriage until you are one hundred at least, hmm? I care not if you are fully grown in five years, twenty five, or fifty." "Probably twenty five, if you're anything like I was." Mum supplied, and I tilted my head back to look up at her with a frown. "Really – you hit your maturity at seventy five?" "I don't know, did I Haldir?" She teased, and to my utmost amusement my Dad flushed to the very tips of his ears. "It was actually seventy, if you want to be pedantic about it." "Ooooh, so you met before Mum came to Lothlorien?" "I did not know it was she, and she did not recall it until very shortly before we married." He protested, and I clambered from their lap with a grin. "I am going to stay with Tatharien tonight, I think. Have a lovely rest of your evening." I went to my room to pull on my boots, pack a bag, and jump from my balcony onto the forest floor in a few moments flat – before my parents even realised I was going. Luckily, we lived so close to Aunty Osellë. Even more fortunate, Tath's room had a balcony. "Tath, let me in." I crouched on the railing comfortably, waiting for her to open the door. "What on... Lita, what are you doing here?" "Avoiding hearing the intimacies of my parent's relationship." I grimaced and she laughed outright, straight silvery hair tied back in a braid to keep it from her face. "You grimace, my dear cousin, yet you have set it so perfectly so that they may have some time alone together. You really are quite the hideous romantic, are you not?" Tatharien was almost identical in age to me but for about two weeks, and she was as close to me as any true sister might be. "Perhaps." I said evasively, but it was true. I had made sure in my own way that they would have some time alone now to remember their first years together, giving them space after my brothers had been particularly trying. "How did your parents take the news of your tormentors?" "Well, I know Mum's story now which helps a little. I now know in quite explicit detail how she not only helped to save elves in Lothlorien and Mirkwood, but also endured hours of torture by the hand of Sauron himself in her mind and did. Not. Say. Anything." I ground out. "As your Mother would say – wankers, the lot of them. Come in – you can tell me everything over some peppermint tea." She pulled me from the balcony railing and into the room, closing the door behind her with a click. Sometimes, I was an amazing daughter. "Make it a glass of wine, and you have a deal." I bargained as I permitted her to drag me. "I always have a bottle hidden, for times just like these." She grinned outright, pulling the bottle from under the bed with a laugh, along with the two glasses we had long-since stolen for purposes such as these. "And of course, the cure for a sore head the next day." I pulled out a smaller vial from my bag with an equally devious smirk. "Ah, to be the daughters of healers." Tatharien said, passing me the glass. I took a sip and sighed, my eyes fluttering closed. It was deliciously rich and slightly sweet. "Drink responsibly, or Bernadette shall have my hide!" We heard the call from the front room and my eyes flicked open again. Aunty Osellë had hearing like a hawk. "Always!" We cried as one, before dissolving into joyful adolescent giggles. So, what do we think? Reviews, as always, sincerely appreciated.