why her cousin would simply rush in to a situation she was neither involved in personally, nor had anything to gain out of. If her good friend got killed again, she wasn't going to revive her this time. There were only so many times a Druid could raise the dead before it became sheer stupidity to do it. Mahalia was fairly certain this counted as 'stupid'. At any rate, she stayed where she was in the trees, sticking to her flight form. It was a good vantage point to the battle, and she could always fly away if things continued to progress as badly as it was. Although the combined forces of human-like things and Hiiaka were taking the fel green things down quickly and in good numbers, there were simply too many of them; at least thirty of the green things were left, and quarter of those were charging at a tiring Tauren. Oh, she was going to regret this; she absolutely knew she would regret helping her cousin out of a sticky situation again. With a deep sigh, she changed form again, leaping down from the trees. --- Aellon lifted his unconscious, but still thankfully alive brethren in to his arms. This poor man would need weeks, if not months to recover from these wounds. Glancing around, he took stock of just how many of his men were still standing – almost all, by some sheer miracle – and where all the other players in this fight were at. Somehow, he missed the orc behind him; he didn't even have time to turn and defend himself before he saw the likely poison-tipped blade coming at him. It never hit; when he opened his eyes again, he thought he had begun to hallucinate. Had he been hit by poison earlier in the fight and not noticed? How else could he explain the large, bull-horned lion tearing the orcs' throat apart with large claws? The shock was enough to keep him kneeling in place, clinging to his friend's body. The horned lion stared at him, as if wondering why he wasn't moving. Then, the lion nudged him with a paw. Somehow, the paw on his knee snapped him out of it; he stood, shook his head, and ran for his men. They had what they wanted; they needed to get out of here. --- The human-like people were running. Hiiaka blinked at that; there were a good two dozen of the fel green things left, and they were running? That seemed terribly rude. Well, if she was going to be left here, she may as well make it as difficult as possible to take her down. Gripping her crimson blade in her gloved hands, she went on a rampage. A fellow warrior had dubbed it the 'tank and spank'; rushing in to take near brutal amounts of damage on her armor and flesh while smacking as many opponents as possible with her weapon of choice. Without having to worry about hitting the pointy-eared humans, she felt free to simply hit whatever moved. She didn't keep track of time, but it must have been a good half hour – perhaps even less – before she found no more opponents to hit. It took a few seconds to realize she was covered in dark, almost dead blood, guts, gore, and took stock of just how many green bodies were around her. Panting and gasping, a slow grin crossed her face. She collapsed back, landing on her rear end; her legs were shaking too terribly to stand now. "That.. Was awesome !" --- Aellon stepped forward; he had handed his injured friend to faster riders, too intrigued by the hulking man and bizarre lion-like creature that had been such a beneficial help to simply leave them there. The man was on the forest floor, drenched in orcish blood. " Aiya !" He greeted in Quenya, not knowing what language the creature spoke. He suddenly noticed the hooves; he stared at them, stunned. "..Eh?" The man seemed to stare – the bulky helmet made his face completely enshrouded, but the very deep voice seemed to agree with the assumed gender. "Ru?" The hulking man waved his arms a bit, trying to get back to his shaking feet. Hooves. "Uden lo!" The hooved creature was speaking a language he wasn't familiar with. The horned lion calmly walked by him; Aellon jumped a little as the fur brushed his side. The lion snorted at the flailing man, letting the hooved creature use him as a lift to get back to his feet. When the helmet was lifted off, Aellon nearly ran in terror; the bovine, almost cow-like face that met his sight was completely unnatural and unexpected. The deep ebony flesh and fur along with long, thick braids and – now that he could see it properly – breasts in the molded silver, purple and black armor forced him to gape. This.. Creature was a female, monstrous creature. Aellon barely noticed the rest of his men pointing arrows and swords at it. --- Hiiaka was not amused. After saving these tiny pointy eared humans, they saw she was a Tauren and immediately had weapons pointed at her. The swift conclusion was that these men were very, very rude. She couldn't blame Mahalia for staying in her feline form; they thought her less of a threat, perhaps believing she was nothing more than a dumb beast. Whatever the case, it didn't help the pointy weapons in her direction. Not that she resisted; she simply glared, very unhappy, as the pink things forced her along without actually touching her with their weapons. They kept a good few feet away, but still had their swords at her back. "Damn tiny people." Hiiaka snorted. "The tinier, the more rude they are." Mahalia only snorted, just as unhappy. ---- Author's notes: Short chapter, I know. I'm curious to see how many flames I get before jumping in some more. wicked cackle