form. I didn't let that bother me, I had stopped seeing my body or its reactions as my own a long time ago, but this, the smell, and sound of outside, that was mine. Even if it was all ash and fire, it was mine. We arose atop the tower, the spikes looming over us like ever watching guardians. Glancing over to the master I realized who I was being brought to and I felt myself begin to hyperventilate as hope blossomed in my chest for the first time in what felt like a decade. I didn't recognize it as hope for the first few moments. Tears began to fill my eyes as my mind flooded with the thoughts hope began to give me. Yet, in less than a second a deep fear flooded my system. What if I were to die here? So close to freedom. In this state of awareness I found new strength as Saruman hasn't noticed our presence yet. I pulled down my guard, his face was surprised but his eyes were curious. "What is your name?" He seemed to not expect the question. "Worthag." He stated simply and quickly, his breath smelled terrible. "Worthag, when the battle comes you must not go or stay. Leave here and flee, it will be your only chance. Otherwise there is only death. Should I not die tonight try to find me, and I will tell you more of the story. But you must flee, there is no future here or in battle." My voice was shaky and broken, but he understood me. He pulled out of my grasp and looked down on me with his strange red eyes. I felt him grasp me tightly and I knew he understood, but now it was whether he would tell Saruman. As far as I know he could have been telling Saruman everything I have ever told him. I knew so little of him yet I needed to trust him. Would he betray me? I felt that he was a friend like Xugag was a friend, but was that only due to my encompassing loneliness and possible Stockholm Syndrome. "Master." His voice was guttural and rough. My heart spiked in fear of his betrayal. Saruman stopped his speech to Gandalf and turned towards us. I hadn't even noticed his drolling voice in my emotional state. Gandalf had noticed us as soon as we emerged but said nothing. His eyes had strayed to us as he examined me. Saruman didn't notice Gandalf's drifting focus due to his investment in his speech. "Aw, I see she has arrived. Your little spy Gandalf? Or perhaps the Elves? It would be very clever of them to send a human girl instead of one of their own." As usual Saruman voice was filled with arrogance. Worthag approached as his master's hand beckoned him forward. "Saruman I knew that your mind has left you, but this, I did not expect this level of cruelty from you." Gandalf looked in very poor shape and I hoped he wasn't in too much pain. I smiled as I looked at him, how odd the ways our dreams are realized, I almost laughed. "Cruelty is the price we pay for progress." Saruman's tone turned venomous at Gandalf's accusatory statement. He waved Worthag even closer. "Give her to him, he must realize what measures are needed to be taken to save what is left." Worthag obeyed but I could feel his hands grip me painfully as he gently lowered me into Gandalf's arms. Gandalf immediately wrapped me in his cloak as best he could. I could feel his scrawny, hairy, old man legs rubbing against my scrawny, scared, healing legs. "I leave her with you, her death is up to you now. Would you want her to live in this condition? That is up to you Gandalf. You will decide if her life is worth staying here, or moving forward." Saruman didn't wait for Gandalf to reply. He turned and left down the hatch, leaving us and Worthag in the cold wind. I turned my head to watch Worthag give us a long look before following his master. As the hatch was closed and locked I turned back to Gandalf who had also been watching him leave. "Gandalf." I whispered, my voice only used to whispering and screaming at this point was very quiet. His eyes returned to me, I had his full attention. Gandalf looked very sad and worried. "Yes my child what is it." I could hear his voice break in sorrow, and I could not bear it. "Do not be sad Gandalf," I paused as I attempted to articulate my feelings. "If I die I will be with you, and it will be the best death I could have hoped for since I came here." I had forgotten what I was originally going to say and simply wanted Gandalf to not be sad over me. His eyes closed as he held me to his chest. I couldn't tell if he was crying but he was warm, warmer than I've been in so long, and I stole his warmth. My eyes began to drift closed as his gentle rocking made me grow tired. If he were to end my life out of pity I would not be angry, it would bring a peace that I have not experienced in an age, but I would not ask him for death. Though I had experienced horror, I did not wish to die, I knew what was to come and I wished to see it, but I was so very tired. The deep sleep would be as welcomed as the next day. End What do you guys think of my new story? I've decided to make this a series. It's been in my head for a while and I hope you guys like it So let me know what you think I would love to hear some feedback and thanks for reading guys!