it and read it instead of speculating over its contents. But she feared that it was just what she . . . feared it would be. She took the letter, stroked with her forefinger over the seal. The Royal Seal of Rohan. Rohan. A rough land in the North. Home of a rough and hard people. She had taken a liking to those men who had been under her care. She had liked their candour, their bluntness, their simplicity. She had admired their sense of a common bond and their staunch loyalty towards their king. And now she was supposed to become their queen. How did one become a queen? How did one become a queen of a land one knew very little about? How did one become the wife, or rather the consort of a king who was virtually a stranger? She would have to leave everything behind. Her family; the home she had made; the Houses of Healing. She was going to be separated from everything she was content with to venture into a life where she did not know what to expect. Had those men wasted a single thought about what their agreement was going to do to her? She turned the letter around. Her name was written on it, her name and her royal title: To Her Highness, Lothíriel, Princess of Dol Amroth. It suited the State Seal. There was no reason to put it off any longer. She broke the seal and unfolded the parchment. The first thing that struck her was that his penmanship was quite a bit neater than she would have guessed. Somehow she had difficulties seeing the boy Éomer bent over a desk, practising his flicks. He had a good, legible hand, amazingly fluid for somebody who shouldn't have had a reason to write much in the past. Lothíriel frowned. At least, she thought it was his own handwriting and not that of a scribe. She looked at the signature at the bottom of the letter. It had definitely been penned by the same hand. She took a deep breath and concentrated on the words, which slowly began to make sense. It was a formal letter. For somebody who didn't care much about formalities, the introduction was very formal. Words like honoured , appreciative and gratified were used. It would have taken her probably half a day to write a letter matching the stiltedness of the tone. If she was induced to answer it, she would make certain she took that time. When reading over the second half of the letter, it became clear to her that she was indeed expected to give an answer. She stared at the words, not quite certain if she truly understood what was written there. She laid down the parchment and got up from her chair. Not being aware of what she was doing, she circled the table once, her hands on her hips, her breath coming in short, sharp gasps. She fought to even her breathing. She had to grant Éomer that he knew how to keep throwing her off balance. How many men could accomplish that with a stiffly formulated letter? She sat back down, taking up the parchment and reading it again, slowly, word for word, making certain that there was no misunderstanding. After all, Westron was not his own tongue. Though remembering their various verbal exchanges she had no reason to believe him unable to say precisely what he intended to. No, she did not misunderstand its contents. The wording was formal, perhaps even a bit pompous, but the meaning was unequivocal. This was a proposal. The King of Rohan asked the Princess of Dol Amroth to be his wife. His wife. Not his consort. Wife. He didn't consider them betrothed as long as she hadn't given him her consent. Her consent. Not her father's. There must be a misunderstanding. Definitely! Either she misunderstood Erchirion; or Erchirion misinterpreted the letter he received from their father; or her father had misunderstood Éomer. But in all probability it had been Éomer who had not fully comprehended Gondorian customs. Her father had given her to him. She had no say. But he, Éomer, asked her nevertheless. He wanted her consent. He gave her the chance to say no. Lothíriel felt as if something had hit her squarely in the chest, and then it began to spread, warm and lovely. She couldn't quite explain it; it was almost as if someone had heated her blood. It started in her heart and then slowly swept through her arms, her belly down to the tips of her toes. It made her light-headed. It made her content. It made her whole. He wanted her to become his wife because she wanted to. Because it was her choice. She read the lines a third time. This was most certainly not an ardent love letter. But that she didn't even want! Truth be told, at this point she would have probably not known how to deal with. But this felt right. Éomer acknowledged her. Her! Not the Princess of Dol Amroth. Not Imrahil's daughter. Her! Perhaps she saw too much in those words. Perhaps she read what she wanted to read. But it felt right. It felt good. She felt good. She could refuse. Not that her father would let her. But theoretically, she had a choice. And it was Éomer who had thought it right to give her this choice She pushed her chair back and got up. She looked at the table. Usually she wouldn't leave such an untidy mess behind. But she didn't have the time now to sort all those scrolls and codices back into the bookcases and chests. She had to find Amrothos. He had to read this letter. Amrothos was honest; he was brutally honest. He would tell her what he thought about this proposal. And he was going to answer her a few question about men. If he wished to, or not! TBC