moving from one place to another. I like talking with Glorfindel and Auntie Celebrían, for they do not get mad at me when I speak in Silvan. Ada Elrond keeps trying to make me speak in Sindarin," she added with a grin. Miriel nodded. "Ellie, it's getting late. Shouldn't we go to bed soon?" she asked. "Maybe. I am not sure I want to be alone right now though," she replied quietly. "Me neither," Miriel said. "Do you wanna stay here?" Legolas sighed. His pain was growing with each passing day. Why could he not just get rid of it? Why was it taking so long? And when would his father finally be able to talk about his mother? "Legolas," came a soft voice, "it has not been very long." He looked up to see one of his mother's good friends, the Lady Celebrían. She smiled. "I know. But it hurts so much," he replied. "I know it does, Legolas. I hurt too. Your Adar is hurting a lot. Be patient with him. Talk to him. Tell him how you feel. Trust me. Life will get better. I promise, Legolas," she said gently. He nodded. "I still hurt. When will the pain go away?" he asked. "I don't know, Legolas. You lost someone dear to you. I am not sure if it will ever go away," Cele said softly. She sounded just like Naneth. Tears came pouring out of his eyes. She drew him into a hug. "I'm sorry, Legolas." "No, it's okay. You sounded just like Naneth, so I…" "That's okay. I understand," she said. "I also lost a dear friend when she died. Ellethana knows how you feel. Have you talked to your sister?" Legolas nodded. "I did. But then Ada came in and got mad." Celebrían nodded. That definitely sounded like Thranduil. Why was he so insensitive to his children's pain? "Give him time. That's all he needs right now. Be patient with him. Have you tried talking to Lord Elrond about it, Legolas?" she asked. "No. Why?" Would Elrond mind her telling the prince? "He knows how you feel. He lost both of his parents at young age. And then he also lost his twin brother. He knows what it is like to lose someone so close, Legolas. Another person who might be able to help you is Glorfindel. I know he has helped Ellie with many of her problems. Remember, Legolas, there still are elves here who love you," Celebrían said as she walked out. But before she did, she walked over and gave Legolas a hug. "How can I help Ada if I still hurt so much? Or Miriel. This is really hard on her too. And she's younger than I am," Legolas said to no one. "Naneth," he whispered, "how much we need you." Legolas hated thinking about his mother, especially at night. Because that meant he was usually up for most of the night if he started thinking about her. "Are you talking to yourself again, Legolas?" came a voice from the doorway. "Perhaps, Dan," the prince replied, tears streaming down his face. "What is it?" Elrohir asked gently. "Nothing, Ro," Legolas replied quietly. He did not want to talk to the twins at that moment. He did not know who he wanted to talk to, if anybody. "Come, Legolas. It is something, for you are crying. You would not be crying if it were nothing, mellon-nin," Elladan said. "Well maybe I am!" the blond elf snapped. Both twins stared. "I… I… I'm sorry. I don't know what's gotten into me lately. I've been rude to Miriel, I was late for the feast, and I've been biting my nails again. What's wrong with me?" he asked to no one in particular. "Does it have something to do with your Naneth?" Elrohir asked as gently as possible. Legolas nodded. "Perhaps." "Everything will be alright," Elladan replied, placing his hand on the other elf's shoulder. "Are you sure?" Legolas asked, somewhat annoyed. Everyone who had heard about his mother had been saying things like that, and it annoyed him to no end. He hated it. Why did everyone think life would be perfect? "No, I'm not completely sure. But I do know that bad things happen, and good things come, Legolas," Elrohir answered. "Ellie understands," he muttered. His brother heard him. "Yes," he said louder, "she knows. She understands. And so would Ada." Elrohir glared at his twin. Legolas had to smile. The twins were always doing something like this. It was quite amusing. Elladan glared back. "Alright. I get the point. But it has been really hard on all of us. Aranhil, Caunion, and Turin are lucky. They don't have to stay here while Ada is mad. They can leave, go do anything they want," Legolas said, his voice holding a different tone than the twins had ever heard him use. "Are you jealous, Legolas?" "No!" Elrohir raised his eyebrow. Legolas let out a small laugh, for Elrohir looked just like his father when he did that. "Maybe. Yes, I am. I mean, they can go off whenever they want to get away from Ada's moods. He has been awfully moody since Naneth died. I… I wish I could do that too," Legolas replied. "Do what?" Elladan asked. "Leave," the prince whispered quietly. "But I can't. I'm too young. Will I always be too young?" he muttered to himself. "Why are you too young?" Elrohir asked. "I am only twelve, Elrohir. Ada says I cannot leave until I am at least fifteen. I wish to leave now though," he replied. "It will be alright, Legolas. Your father will get over it eventually," Elladan said. "When?" Legolas asked. "Soon, I hope," Elrohir replied. "Hey, do you want to have a sleep over in our room tonight?" Elladan asked. "Sure, why not?" Legolas said. "What harm could that be?" Elrohir grinned. Just the thing they needed to get their younger friend's mind of his mother.