with my arms. I never feel its … bite, if that would be the right word, instead I find myself a moment later scratched, bruised and breathless but whole out in the daylight. When I choke on the drink Grey forces into my mouth, I notice I'm still screaming. I stop long enough to swallow some of the stuff, raw spirit mainly distilled from lichens and baghûd and only slightly less combustible than hellfire, but it helps blunting the memory of those horrible non-eyes, those holes into a thing that must not be alive and bugger the Iron-Crowned. oo oo oo oo oo Speaking of whom, the grey swath of cloth, I notice in front of me when I stop coughing, is his cloak. I make sure not to look up. To no avail. " Bring it to me!" For an instant I actually consider telling the undead bastard to get it himself. I catch myself in time. The thing probably will do no worse than devouring me while a displeased ringwraith… has more in store than a nasty death. Shaking like a leaf, I crawl back to the hole and inside. Only to find it blocked after less than ten feet. I never felt so happy to meet a dead end. The earth looks undisturbed, not like a collapsed tunnel but like untouched ground. "The tunnel is blocked." I call. I hear no reply but obviously someone made a decision because I get pulled out. Outside Tovel and Khûral have their pickaxes ready, and with my directions and under the unsettling stare of the Iron-Crowned they start digging. The tunnel has disappeared, within a ten feet radius of the blocked entrance it can't be found again. The two rootbreakers excavate the meagre soil down to the bedrock without hitting as much as a mousehole. For no apparent reason the wraith suddenly hisses, " It is gone, " and strides off to his mount to set off into the setting sun. We don't go much further this day. I feel like sleepwalking and probably look like Geru's twin. No one speaks to me. I'm glad about it. Late in the evening Khûral asks, "What did you see?" but, unlike his usual self, he doesn't seem to be bent on tormenting a weak target, but merely interested in what to look for in the dark. "A shape-shifter," I say, "darkness cast into a mould." Without any comment Tovel hands me his flask of spirit. I drink myself senseless that night. oo oo oo oo oo With the grandmother of all hangovers I trudge through the next day without perceiving much, let alone thinking anything. Same goes for the one after it. I don't miss much. Maybe the thing got scared by the Iron-Crowned. Suits me well. The day after that, the sixth day on patrol finds me a bit frazzled but functional again. Nobody senses the thing until it strikes. I'll never know why it hasn't waited for all of us to walk into its trap. Maybe it couldn't stretch any wider and feared the first would escape its clutches before the last ones strayed in. On the march, there's always a few steps distance between each member of the squad. Anyway, Khûral turns round for some reason and out of the blue the shadows besides the path fold up silently. In the blink of an eye everyone in front of me is swallowed by a solid piece of darkness. Only Khûral, being much taller than the rest and further on at the edge, is engulfed only to the shoulders. For a moment he looks surprised, then his head whips back and a black fountain rises high above his head to rain down on the thing; its eagerness to squash the prey sealing its doom. The last time I see the Uruk-hai, he's grinning wildly, liquid fire running from his fangs where he slashed through the skin holding the hellfire. A bowstring sings next to my ear as Grey puts an arrow through our comrade's skull, a heartbeat before the inferno ignites. The fireball hurls me back against Grey and both of us some twenty feet along the path. Luckily it's broad and uphill here. The patch of darkness has become a lump of living fire; flickering heads and half-formed bodies of all kind of creatures you can imagine, appear on its surface and melt away again, and it screams. It shrieks, it screeches, it squeals, it howls… as if all the beasts it tries to change into really suffer the pain of immolation. I'm glad there are no human voices in this agonized chorus. It's terrible enough as it is. And no well-aimed arrow can put it out of its misery. Fuelled by about three gallons of hellfire the flames are still roaring high when the fell beast arrives. It perches on a boulder nearby to give its rider a good view of the twisting pyre. When the fire finally has burned itself out, the Iron-Crowned orders us to search the ashes. We find no human bones, no metal, no slag, but charred remains of deer's antlers and horns and hooves and fragile, feathery bones that might have been small birds and fishes or the like. Like all the victims of a devastating forest fire congregated in one spot. It seems the Lady has forged a part of all her animal subjects into one twisted creature and sent it here to haunt the land. oo oo oo oo oo The lowland patrol disappeared the day before we first met the thing at the White Lady's Chamber. Probably they fell for the shadow much like the rest of our squad. And when the Iron-Crowned drove it from that hole on our path, the thing went uphill. The summit patrol hasn't been seen since day five. We were lucky. Lucky as hell. But it doesn't feel like that. A/N: Second chapter anyone? It would work as a stand-alone, but if anyone's interested…