and clawing on his father's steel. Even so, Ewon set the circlet onto his straight, pale hair. The Elite's words were as numb and unresponsive as his thin, drawn face appeared. "You are my own. You are my King. Long may you live." But he reached down to stroke the fallen elf's hair. He didn't touch Thranduil. The elves in the room all bowed. Thranduil wasn't conscious of his coronation. He was King of the Woodland Realm and his first words as a monarch were panicked whispers. "Father, no. No." And here he was, thousands of years later, locked in this torment. How had he come to be here? How had she? Lusis looked down at herself. Old, stained Ranger leathers dusted in golden specks, like she'd run through a cloud of Mirkwood pollen. And a light as large as an egg blazed at the base of her throat. She pawed at it to get it off, realized what it was – her Istari 'star-point', which was usually no larger than a grape-seed – and hissed out air. She put her hands on her knees and bent until she calmed down. When she straightened, Ewon stood staring, not at Thranduil, but at – that was Oropher. She clapped a hand to her mouth. Of course it was. Who else could it be? She glanced around her. Shocked. Unable to explain to her own mind what was happening. She saw Ewon. He was clearly suffering as he looked at the man he'd dearly loved and served. He'd already forgotten about the newly crowned King. Indeed, the elves around the walls of the pavilion began to come close and lay flowers on the fallen King's hair. Noiseless, feverish emotions had overcome the Elfprince… so the elves 'didn't see' him. He might as well have cried out for help from the bottom of Long Lake. Lusis turned away, she struggled through the darkness, and felt the steel and flesh, and braids of smooth hair for a way out. She'd just lost her own father. She knew what this grief was, and how it felt. It was a bottomless pit and she could feel the inborn instinct of it in her own middle, as structural to her humanity as breathing. She had to get away from him. His emotions were a vortex. Too desolate. And he was too powerful to run out of control. She glanced over her shoulder, back at him. Two of his fingertips caught on the jaggedness of broken breastplate and began to bleed. Lusis froze. That blood gleamed in her mind, more precious than rubies. He's trapped here. He can't get out. It was torture. Lusis began to hate dragons as she'd never despised an animal before. Then the sonorous voice of Elrond, Lord of Rivendell, came to mind. It was like a cool wind over the fever of her fears: If you had been overwhelmed by the beguilement, what then? That thick, hot blood had kept the Elvenking from freezing to death, but it came with a price. What had saved him had flung him into fires, alone. And an elf could die of grief. Dragons were insidious. And he was besieged. But he was not alone. She scowled at her spinelessness, which was, she reflected, no way to honour the memory of her own father. Lusis turned. She bared her teeth and went to the Elfking. Hadn't she sworn that she would be his protector? She knelt down behind Thranduil. She lay over his broad, bowed back and stretched her arms along his. The power of him, though. The unthinking dominion of those grief-stricken muscles. Had she been like this? Lusis couldn't move him. She tried once, twice, on the third time she pushed her face into the back of his bowed neck, against his callously soft hair, even in this awful extremity. "We cannot alter what's done, my King. I could curse that the nature of such good beings does nothing to prepare you for death! Listen to me. One moment he is there, and in the very next just his things are left. His armour. His Kingdom. His blond hair and crown. His son. He's gone. And you have to get up and leave him behind." She fastened her hands around his wrists and straightened. He came up with her. Quiet. She could feel him panting for air. He fought for self-control. "I'm sorry," she pressed her forehead against his cold armour. She struggled for words, and found what Mellona had told her. "There's a great gulf between you now, and all the love, all the warmth, all the years… are nothing beside the truth. You stand on opposite shores. He's left you behind." The voice she heard next wasn't the whispering voice of the youth he'd been. It was the slow, sad voice of the King she knew, the one who had lost much. He extended a long hand, this one wearing the rings his wife had given to him. He stroked his father's hair. Laid his hand against the great-elf's smooth cheekbone. Lusis' hand chased his wrist. "No, Thranduil." "I only want to touch him," the King said, "one last time. Even if only… in this nightmare." His fingers stroked his father's smooth cheek. After a moment, he reached out and shut his father's grey eyes. Then the Elfking's voice was sorely quiet, "Le melin, adar." The apparition broke like a fever dream. Lusis' eyes opened in the dimness of the cave. She was colder now, bundled against the King's side. Icar was behind her, feeding the fire. Slowly the King's hand came up to rest against her hair. His fingers curled and pulled it gently back from her face. She sat up. Icar pulled his sword, "Damn!" The King's long silver eyes were open. He looked very unsteady at that moment. Redd leaned over, awake now, and saw the King was back among them. "Tea," he said with quiet urgency. "Tea, Icar. Hurry."