Lady of the Golden Wood speaking to him. He looked at her sharply. Did this work the other way around? "Indeed, it does." The voice answered, the amusement not hidden. "I can hear your thoughts as clearly as you can hear me." Éomer couldn't avoid the next thought shooting through his head. "A very adept form of communication." Galadriel gave a laugh. It was a sound Éomer had never experienced before. He had the feeling that he didn't hear this laugh with his ears, but it was taken in by his entire body. It was at the same time light and dark, cheerful and grave, airy and heavy, enchanting and sad. It let him feel warm and made him freeze. And then, once more, those age-old, sparkling eyes were on him. This time she spoke out aloud. "Your future will be wise and blessed, young King." He had never felt comfortable with riddles, and he simply couldn't help his reply. "That is some prediction to live up to, my Lady. But many years ago I was told that a man will behave wisely once he has exhausted all other alternatives. Does this mean I have already reached that point?" Galadriel just gave him a friendly and enigmatic smile. "You are still far from all those things you will achieve." With that she left, the two Elven Lords following her, taking their leave with a polite nod. Éomer looked thoroughly puzzled. "Was that some kind of prophecy?" Arwen just gave him an enigmatic smile of her own. "I think my grandmother was just stating facts." "Now I know for sure I am getting a headache," he groaned. Both King and Queen laughed. The next moment Éomer received a shove that nearly send him knocking into Aragorn. "So, now! What do you think?" "What do I think about what, Gimli?" Éomer rubbed the small of his back. The Dwarf must have hit him with his fist! Now he had not only a good prospect of a headache, but of a backache, too. "Well, what do you think about my Lady of Light?" Gimli clarified impatiently. "Is she not incomparable? Is she not the most beautiful woman you have ever seen?" Éomer gazed at the Elf, who was pressing her lips together to conceal her . . . smile. – Did elves grin? – And then he looked at Aragorn, who was definitely grinning, raising his eyebrows, obviously looking forward to seeing how the Rohír was going to get out of this. The King of Rohan eyed his shorter friend with fake surprise. "Gimli, are you expecting me in all seriousness to praise the beauty of one woman, while another beautiful woman is standing within earshot?" The Dwarf looked dumbfounded at the Queen, as if he had just become aware of her presence. He made a strangled sort of sound that might have metamorphosed into an actual word, but Éomer went on: "Nevertheless, I must admit, having been surrounded all my life by lighter-haired females, I feel more touched by dark beauty and therefore must declare that Queen Arwen is the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes upon and her beauty is beyond compare." He looked down to his, for a change, speechless friend with a mocking challenge in his eyes. "Does this mean, Master Dwarf, that you will send for your axe now and I have to send for my sword?" Gimli kept staring at Arwen. Then his eyes wandered to Aragorn, then to Éomer, then back to the Queen. "Well," he finally rumbled. "Everybody is entitled to his own opinion." With that he turned on his heels and marched towards the other end of the hall, probably in search of some ale. The three others tried hard not to laugh as long as he was within earshot. "He is lovely," the Queen declared. "Lovely?" both men asked with one voice, sounding equally perplexed. "I have never thought I would ever hear a dwarf described as lovely ." Éomer looked at Aragorn, seeking his support, but the King of Gondor just shrugged his shoulders. "If my wife considers our friend Gimli to be lovely, then he is lovely," he said with a straight face. Éomer laughed. "You do have a very good husband, my Lady." "I think you are right." Elves did grin. At least, this one did. The two Kings and the Queen began chatting about lighter topics, the men trading news of mutual acquaintances. Suddenly Éomer saw Aragorn's gaze lock on something behind his back. The High King smiled in greeting. "Prince Imrahil, be welcomed." And while the Rohír turned around to make his own greetings, Aragorn went on: "And we are very glad this time you were able to persuade your lovely daughter to join us." TBC Just in case someone is wondering why I was keeping on about the Gondorians having an excessive preference for fragrances: that can be put down to something our Chemistry teacher used to tell us. He insisted that a person of the 20th Century (Yes, I know we are in the 21st Century, but I left school in 1999) wouldn't be able to stand the smells of the 11th Century, while some poor chap from the Middle Ages dropped into our time would probably get seriously ill from all the chemical smells surrounding us. That reminded me of something I read in Sir Stephen Runciman's "History of the Crusades". When the northern knights of the 1st Crusade arrived in Byzantium, they feared they would suffocate when in company of the heavily scented Byzantines, while the Byzantines felt that the North Europeans simply stank. Keeping in mind that Tolkien thought about Byzantium (and probably Egypt) when he created the Gondorian society, and that the Rohirrim are often referred to as "Vikings on Horseback" (which I personally like even better than Anglo-Saxons with cavalry) the idea of dropping a "Viking" into "Byzantium" and letting him have a good sniff was just too tempting.