for some young rider. However, it seems that Lady Éowyn has some sense about her, even if she is of lesser Men." Boromir had long ago learned to hide his discomfort when he heard his father speak like this. Denethor's pride in Gondor and its Men sometimes clouded his eyes to the worth of other peoples. He was a great man, and the shortcomings of others only seemed all the harsher to him, measured against his own vast qualities. But Boromir knew that his father had no time to rule with a gentle and tolerant hand, for the threat of the Enemy was growing every day. "You know, my son, that I would have gladly seen you enter a match with a maiden of true Númenórean lineage. But as you showed no interest in any of the numerous offers, I was left with little choice. I still would have rather seen Faramir wed this woman of the North, but such a proposal would have left Théoden room for doubt and would not have exerted the right amount of pressure on his niece." "I understand, father. I do not mind it; the alliance has to be strengthened," Boromir dutifully replied. He truly did not mind. There was no woman that held his interest, certainly none among the several maidens of "true Númenórean lineage" that circled him like simpering vultures whenever he appeared at social gatherings. The only woman he had ever loved had been already married when he had fallen in love with her and thus all it amounted to was admiration from a distance. Boromir had long ago come to terms with the fact that he would marry for political reasons only. When his father called him into his office a few weeks ago and told Boromir that if he had no one in mind that he wished to wed, he would arrange a marriage that would strengthen the failing alliance with Rohan, Boromir had not been surprised. He had agreed easily, knowing that Rohan's loyalty would ensure the aid of their formidable military when the safety of Gondor and its people was threatened. The sole personal hope he held for his marriage with Lady Éowyn was that he could come to a mutual understanding with her. That way their conjoined life would at least not be unpleasant. Nevertheless, some small part of him had almost hoped that she would use her right as a woman of the Eorlingas and refuse the marriage. Not for his sake – for hers. Boromir remembered the swift-hearted Rohirrim and the love they had for their wide, rolling land and their unrivalled horses. He had to wonder how a woman of those people would fare within the seven stone rings of Minas Tirith. He had been born and raised here and thought there could be no fairer city in the world and no greater people, yet when he had visited Rohan even his heart had been swayed by its free winds. "When am I to travel to Edoras for the official betrothal?" he asked. In that at least he knew that the customs in Rohan and in Gondor were similar – the first step should be taken in the bride's home. "King Théoden agreed to my proposal that the betrothal should be held at the end of the next month," said Denethor. "You are then to return to Minas Tirith with her for the wedding ceremony. I want this to be done as soon as possible." "Very well, father," Boromir said. The Steward did not speak anything more after that and turned his attention to the documents on his desk. Boromir excused himself and left him to his work. As he walked down the hall in the direction of his own chambers, Boromir only fleetingly dwelled upon the fact that soon he would be a married man. There were plenty other things that occupied his mind. Denethor looked more aged, the wear of his cares more apparent as of late. A man of his lineage should still be full of vigour at his age. Boromir had his suspicions as to what made his father's strength trickle away before its time. A few times he had noticed a faint light flash from the narrow window of the highest level of the Tower of Ecthelion, well into the dark hours. He knew what was kept there and it worried him greatly that his father might be using it. A palantír – the Anor-stone. To use it was dangerous if not outright folly. The Anor-stone was most in accord with the Ithil-stone which had fallen into the Enemy's hands when Minas Ithil had been taken. Yet the one time Boromir attempted to broach the subject, Denethor had refused to discuss it at all and had let him understand in no uncertain terms that he would tolerate no further questions on the matter. Boromir rubbed the bridge of his nose tiredly. In his own study adjacent to his bedroom a stack of reports about the military activity on Gondor's southern and eastern borders was waiting for him. He expected no good news there. Gondor's enemies were growing bolder and more aggressive each day. They were also becoming more organized. Though Boromir doubted there was any man who had more pride and faith in the courage and resilience of the people of Gondor than him, still his mind found it difficult to rest and his heart was beset with foreboding. When the dam broke, would Gondor withstand the oncoming tide? Author's note: I would greatly appreciate it if you would let me know what you think of the first chapter. I will be quite busy for the next couple of months so I can't tell when I will update with the next chapter, but I know in what direction I want to take this. The idea for this fanfiction has been plaguing me for a while, so I could not resist writing it down and putting it out there.