As the procession continued through the inclining main road leading to the palace, Legolas observed the people they passed. They looked upon him curiously, yet he clearly sensed some held open hostility or fear of him. It was apparent they had never seen an elf before. Again he turned in the direction of the woods, which he could see over the top of the wall now that they had gone higher up the hill. The trees had been silent, but he felt their pull, urging him to return to their familiarity, instead of moving higher onto this lifeless chunk of rock beneath him. As they passed within the palace walls, Legolas scanned the surroundings, quickly assessing escape routes and the number of Kozari guards to deal with if the need arose. He saw an elderly woman quickly scrambling to herd four other women through a doorway. The women were covered from head to toe in different colored cloaks. He knew they were women just from the way they moved. Legolas tilted his face up to a pair of towers that stood side by side. Something moved in one of the balconies. He focused his eyes and saw a fair-haired woman looking down. When she reached up to tuck her hair behind her ear, he realized she was an elf. With a frown, Legolas turned to Aragorn, but saw that he was engaged in conversation with Hurrnäd. When he glanced back up at the balcony, the elf maid was gone. Upon seeing the elf on horseback, riding into the courtyard of the palace, the elf maid had been curious about him. She saw him look up at her and the brilliance and intensity of his blue eyes unnerved her. Her handmaiden, Roxana quickly pulled her away from the balcony. "Nay, my lady. Our monarch approaches and you may not see him just yet, but soon." "Why am I not allowed to look upon him?" asked the elf maid defensively. "It is our custom." Roxana sat the elf maid down and tended to her many healing wounds before they had been interrupted by her hearing the sound of hoof falls on the stone ground below. "I saw a man and an elf among the guards. An elf like me." "Perhaps our lord has brought back visitors." The elf maid allowed the Kozari woman to tend to the wounds on her shoulder and thigh, wounds she did not remember receiving before she came to be in the tower which had been her home for many days. It never occurred to her until now to wonder how she came to be there. It simply happened and she knew nothing of her life before. Why didn't she recall who she was or how she got where she was? Even with these haunting and disturbing questions, she could not help but feel as if she was thankful to live. Aleera…it was what they called her. And she was an elf, unlike Roxana and others that came to see her. She had studied her image in the mirror when she had first awoken there and could not find anything familiar about herself. Long light brown hair with streaks of blonde, pale green eyes that often almost turned to amber. Her ears ended in points and were very sensitive to touch as she quickly discovered on her own. The village beyond the walls of the palace was beautiful at night. Light glowed from the windows of the small homes…like the many stars in the dark sky. She often watched from the tower balcony, admiring the lights. Then during the daylight hours, she gazed out at the forest beyond the outer walls of the Keep. She longed to be among the trees for some strange reason, to climb up to the highest branch and sleep there beneath the star-filled sky. Those that whispered outside her door spoke of the monarch she was promised to. They spoke of his return from his travels and now he had arrived. And yet she was not allowed to look upon him. She did not know the customs of the Kozari and only learned what she could from Roxana. Since she knew no better because of her lack of memory, Aleera assumed she had willingly come to Kozar to wed its ruler. But the arrival of the elf stirred something within her…a disturbing thought in the back of her mind. It was quickly pushed back over her excitement that she would soon get to meet the monarch she would marry. Aragorn and Legolas sat across the table from Hurrnäd. They ate and drank in the company of the Kozar ruler and his high officials. The conversation was centered on the many threats that surrounded Kozar. "Warg packs raid us from the east and we are constantly in danger of being picked up by a fell beast that happens to wander in from the south. They seem impervious to the rains." Aragorn took a sip of wine from his goblet. "Fell beasts? It's hard to believe that they would wander so far into the desert from the Grey Mountains. Perhaps the Orcs attract them to this area." "Orcs? We have seen no Orcs in Kozar." Legolas looked up from his plate. He studied Hurrnäd's expression, immediately sensing that he lied. "You have had no dealings with Orcs?" Hurrnäd turned to the elf across from him. His gaze and countenance were slightly threatening. He wondered if his she-elf had the same spirit. "Nay, my friend. We do not deal with scum. The rains keep them away." Legolas continued to stare at Hurrnäd, even after the Kozari turned back to Aragorn. He knew the Kozari lied about his dealings with Orcs. Kozar was far from any other province, the nearest being Gundabad and there were no trade routes established that he knew of. Hurrnäd was hiding something. Anyone dealing with Orcs had treachery in mind. Legolas aimed to find out what this Kozari had up his sleeves.