either side. Within moments she was encircled, and a man with a crested helmet pulled in front of her. His eyes roved over her, taking in her strange pants and shirts. "What business have you in the Riddermark, lady?" Mary eyed the men surrounding her, their spears held ready. Swallowing she turned back to their captain. "I'm following my friends. You've met them: a man, an elf, and a dwarf." Éomer studied her. "How do you know we have met such an interesting group of travelers?" Mary felt her throat tighten; she needed to be more careful about what she said. "You come from the direction they were headed." She pointed west. He studied her a moment more. "I do not believe so." He said in a low voice. Mary said nothing, returning his stare with one of her own. Finally Éomer sat back. "Very well." He said. "We have seen strange things these past few days." He gestured to a rider who led a dark brown horse with a black mane and tail. The man let the horse go. Whistling, Éomer beckoned, and the horse gave a snort and came forward. "This is Ædelstan." He said, stroking the smooth hair of the horse's cheek. Éomer looked at Mary. "We were asked to aid you– should we cross your path, and we have." He bumped his horse's sides with his heels, and stepped closer to her, then he took Ædelstan's reins and held them out. "May he carry you safely to your friends." Mary took the reins, stroking Ædelstan's face as he nuzzled her shoulder curiously. "Thank you, Lord Éomer." She whispered. The captain leaned back on his horse. "The elf was right," he said thoughtfully. "You are a strange one." Mary frowned. "My lord?" "I did not tell you my name." Heat rose to her cheeks, and she felt sure that all around could see her turn red. "We have indeed seen many strange things these past few days." Éomer said quietly. His dark eyes held her. Then he turned to his men, and raised his hand. As they began to thunder past her, Éomer looked down. "Be well, fair lady." Mary tipped her head. He was gone. Running her hand along the strong, brown neck, Mary hooked one foot into the stirrup, grunting as she swung herself onto the back of the horse, which was higher than she was. Settling herself, she took the reins. "I really need to learn to watch what I say." She said. The horse's ears pricked, listening to her. "Well, Ædelstan, my name is Mary." She said, ruffling the black mane. "Looks like we're going to be traveling together for a while." With that she bumped his sides with her heels, holding on as he began to walk, and then to trot, and then to gallop, his rhythm so smooth beneath her it was as though she were flying. The hobbits lived! Their joy at discovering that Merry and Pippin had escaped was paralleled by their fear when they found that the trail of the halflings led into Fangorn Forest. Yet within those trees they were blessed yet again. A man in white had approached them, and he turned out to be none other than Gandalf, resurrected and all in white, and more powerful than ever. From him they learned that Merry and Pippin had been found by the Ent, Treebeard, and that they were well taken care of. They also learned that Rohan was in danger, as Saruman had gained control over King Theoden. It was to Edoras they had to go. In short words they told of what had happened to them since Moria. Gandalf was grieved to learn of Boromir, yet his eyes pricked with light when they spoke of Mary and her arrival. "Most interesting." He said quietly. At the edge of the forest, the great expanse of the Rohan plains stretching before them, Gandalf paused. Then a whistle, as clear as the morning and as pure as rain, echoed loud in the silence, carrying far and wide on the wind. For a moment, then, there was nothing. Suddenly a horse's call answered, and a horse as white as pure snow appeared in the distance, followed by Hasufel and Arod. They grew quickly closer, the white horse's great hooves churning the ground with his speed. Legolas squinted, an expression of quiet amazement on his face. "That is one of the Mearas," he said. "Unless my eyes are cheated by some spell." Gandalf smiled as the white horse stopped before him, his silken mane shining in the sun. "Shadowfax." He ran his hand along the great white neck. "He's the lord of all horses, and he's been my friend through many dangers." Legolas watched in wonder. Then suddenly his eyes were caught by something else, and he stepped forward, straining to see. Appearing in the distance, a fourth horse approached, a rider upon its back. "What is it?" Aragorn asked at the elf's shoulder. "What do you see?" With narrowed eyes Legolas watched horse and rider approach, then his eyes widened. "It is the lady Mary!" "Indeed?" Gandalf stepped up, his face lit with interest. "She rides well." He commented. Pulling to a stop before them, Mary pushed her wind blown hair from her face. When her eyes lit upon Gandalf they widened, and she quickly dismounted. "Gandalf the White," she bent in a bow. "It's an honor to meet you!" "And you." Gandalf said, his eyes twinkling. "I have much to ask you, when there is time." Her cheeks flushed slightly, positively glowing with pleasure and delight as she stared at him. "Come!" Gandalf swung onto Shadowfax's bare back. "We must hurry." Aragorn mounted Hasufel swiftly, while Gimli struggled onto Arod's back with many grunts and curses. When he was finally settled, Legolas pulled himself easily into the saddle, and turned to see if Mary needed assistance. She was already astride Ædelstan, ready to ride. Gandalf nodded. "To Edoras!"