her against his side. "Of course, you were right, when you pointed out the other day that we hardly know much about each other. We . . . I should have done something about it during those months of our betrothal. It is entirely my fault that we have wasted all this time. I should have tried to find a way to come and see you in the White City." "But that would have taken you away from Rohan for several sennights," Lothíriel protested. "You could not have been spared for that period of time." "We Rohirrim travel fast. I can make it to Mundburg at a reasonable pace in five days. So I could have returned to the Mark in under two sennights. But back then I could not even have afforded to be away for two days." "No, of course not. Rohan and the welfare our people will always have to come first. I understand that." "Yes, you do understand that indeed, do you not?" "When I consented to your proposal I knew that I was not only going to be bound to a man but also to his duty and his position. And I suppose you knew that I have been brought up with the knowledge and the acceptance that, though our birth means certain privileges, they are paid for by the service to our people. And that this service has always to be put above and beyond anything we may wish or long for. That makes me the kind of woman you need as a consort." "Lothíriel, please!" Éomer gave her a not too gentle yank and tumbled her across his lap. He cradled her chin in his palm. "Could we - just for once - forbear from reasoning? What I have been trying to tell you again and again and - in the process – have been interrupted again and again, was that my proposal to you had nothing to do with a political agenda or even common sense. I wanted you to become my wife most notably and above all, because . . ." He stopped and looked as if he was waiting for something to happen. "Éomer, what is it?" "Well, I am waiting for your brother's next grand entrance." This time she punched him against his shoulder, but apparently not very hard. At least not for him because it just made him laugh whilst her wrist began to hurt a little. One could sprain one's limbs with a manoeuvre like that. "It goes beyond reasoning and beyond common sense," he continued with a chuckle. "It is what it is. I love you, Lothíriel." Three simple words and they warmed her all the way to her bones. A deep sense of rightness flowed through her. Knowing it was one thing, but hearing it . . . She caught his face between her palms, caressing his bearded cheeks with her thumbs. "I think you do quite well, revealing your feelings, my Lord. The wording was perfect and certainly aroused my attention." When he opened his mouth to reply she prevented him from doing so by putting her finger against his lips, the way he had done with her earlier. "It is what it is. And we shall enjoy our love and not ask for the ' why' . But we are what we are. I am Prince Imrahil's daughter. My ancestry, my upbringing, even the influence of my brothers, has made me what I am. Nothing can change that. And you are what you are, Éomer Éomundsson. Not long ago I heard my father say about Elessar that kings are not made, they are born. And that applies to you as well. You were born to be a king and even if you had not come to the title you would have had all the attributes and qualities, which make a king. Besides our love we suit each other because of what we are." "I doubt that Imrahil would have looked for common ground so readily had I been a Marshal of the Mark." "Never underestimate Imrahil of Dol Amroth. And never underestimate me." "I had better not" Éomer tilted her chin with his forefinger and gazed at her for a long time. "Whatever pertains to you," he said after a while that seemed to have gone on for an eternity, "my possibility of comparison is simply non-existent." His thumb moved across her lower lip, tugging it gently away from her teeth. His mouth closed over hers before she was able to say a word; before she was even able to think about what to say. But then, right now, nothing could have been further from her mind than talking. Her arm stole around his waist and she cuddled closer. Abruptly the quilt was flung aside and she instinctively made a grab for it. "Do not worry. I will not let you get cold again," Éomer assured her, lowering his head to press his lips against the hollow of her throat. Lothíriel let herself be eased onto her back and Éomer came down beside her. She wove her fingers through his thick hair. Closing her eyes she savoured the feeling of the thick, soft strands sliding between her fingers. "I suppose this means a bed is not necessarily necessary for being bedded?" His teeth nipped at her collarbone. "You are learning quickly, my Lady." There was a smile in his voice, but it was also thick with desire. Lothíriel relaxed back onto the fleecy rug, surrendering to the vibrant sense of well being that filled her. Éomer's hands smoothed over her body with infinitely patient movements. And where his hands went, his lips followed. Time ceased to have any meaning for her. She felt heavy and warm, filled with a languid sensuality that made her begin to twist and turn. Her last coherent thought was that it was rather unlikely that she would be able to concentrate on any details this time either. TBC