and his smile, and his hair. And he would have to be happy with that, because that was all he was ever going to get, that was as close as he was ever going to get to being his cousin's lover, his love. He would have to content himself with being friends while he watched his cousin court, and eventually marry, a pretty lass. And he would have to live with it. He shook his head, trying to shake the thoughts that were breaking his heart. He looked back up at the sky, sighing deeply at his dilemma. He wanted to be able to move on, he wanted to be able to forget what he felt for his cousin and find a lass to court, just like every other lad. Even if it was unrequited love, like Sam, he wouldn't have this dark secret that was eating him up inside. But he didn't know how. As he walked aimlessly towards Bilbo's home, his home, his thoughts were brought to a day a few weeks back, a day when him and Merry had been doing what they do a lot, watching the sky. It hadn't been so different from any other day they had done the same thing, except that Frodo had slipped up. They had run through the field, chasing each other, laughing, and finally fallen into the cushion of sweet-smelling, uncut grass, breathless with childish happiness. They just laid in the beautiful green grass, calming their quickly beating hearts. They just stared at the sky for awhile, not saying anything, and not needing to. They were content to just rest there, together, and their quiet companionship was enough, it was perfect for the moment. Frodo sat there, lost in his own thoughts, thoughts of things that weren't fields and clouds, thoughts of things of the heart. Frodo sighed deeply, and knew that Merry, in his contentment, didn't notice. He was glad of that. He didn't want to have to explain. So he threw the thoughts from his head, and thought about what he was going to do. Merry had begun to talk about love, about all the lasses he wanted to court, and it was beginning to hurt. Maybe I should just, stop being friends with him. Sure, we're still cousins, but I don't hang out with most of my cousins. I could just stop, but I should warn him first, Frodo thought to himself, pondering his options. But, while thinking about this, he quickly took in the clouds above. There were shapes of animals and objects and plants, all imagined, of course, but there all the same. It was perspective. Merry was probably seeing different things. Frodo looked over at Merry, to see him staring off into the fields surrounding them, and smiled. Merry always did have a problem with just escaping; he wasn't dreamy. He couldn't stop thinking about his latest plot, his latest scheme, his latest mischief, and it was so hard to get him to think of anything else, let alone nothing. He chuckled, thinking about his cousin. The cousin he had been friends with for so long, who was so much younger than him. And he acts older than me, more focused, he pondered, silently. Deciding what he wanted to do, Frodo decided to get Merry's attention. He breathed in deeply, gathering his courage, and spoke up. "Hey, Merry," he said quietly, trying not to startle him to suddenly from his peacefulness. But Merry didn't hear, or was ignoring him. "Merry…" Frodo tried again, quickly losing his nerve, but still, the blond-haired boy didn't answer. Frodo sighed, and tried again, this time getting an answer. Merry looked up, waiting expectantly for the news that Frodo knew would make him hate him. But he couldn't say it, so he just stood there, studying Merry's face, and thinking about all the reasons he was in this position, all the reasons he had for feeling this way about his perfect cousin. He noticed his bright blue eyes, eyes that now held curiosity, maybe even concern, for Frodo. He looked at his curly, fair ringlets, ringlets that Frodo would love to run his fingers through, just once. He was handsome, he was beautiful. He was perfect. He was waving a hand in his face, trying to get his attention. "Hey, Frodo, were you trying to tell me something?" Merry asked, obviously concerned and confused. Frodo broke from his trance, shaking his head as if having been submerged in water. He tried to get a grasp of where he was, what he was doing, what his cousin was saying, before beginning. He took a deep breath, bracing himself for the anger that would follow. "Huh? I was going to--never mind. Never mind, it doesn't matter, " Frodo said sadly, changing his mind in the spur of the moment, deciding it would be easier if he didn't have to see the face of hurt, confusion and betrayal on Merry's face when he realized Frodo didn't want to be friends with him, didn't want to spend time with him. He shook his head, staring into his lap. He looked embarrassed, but he wasn't; he wanted to hide the deep sadness, the deep guilt, the deep depression shining in his eyes. He didn't want to have to do this, but he knew he had to, or not only he, Frodo, but also Merry would become more angry and hurt than they would be if Frodo didn't sacrifice his own happiness, his own heart. They continued to watch the sky, but with the knowledge of his decision weighing him down, it wasn't as carefree as it could be. Eventually, they left, together, for the last time. Frodo sighed, deeply, as he collapsed into a chair in his uncle's house, and sat, panting again, and drowning in his own sadness. As he sat there, he felt a wetness on his cheek. He reached up, and realized that it was tear sliding down his cheek.