almost in her ear, she heard a man say, "Look at that wench!" And she stopped in her tracks, certain that he had noticed her naughty staring and that he would point out her obvious flustered condition and its cause. However, the man, who looked disheveled and as if he had not slept yet, was gesturing up at the same window where the golden-maned elf and the woman were standing, and whatever else they were doing as well, instead of at her. With his elbow he nudged his equally unkempt companion, as he spoke, "That point ear is really giving it to her!" Her mother gasped at the language, and Lavender saw the color drain from her face, but she did not speak or in any other way acknowledge that she had heard the slurred words of the disrespectful man. They walked a little faster to put the men, who reeked of ale and were obviously drunk, behind them far enough to be out of their reach. Lavender wished she had Snap with her; he would have protected her better than her mother, whose only response to rudeness was silence and a frown. But those vulgar words hung in her ears like the resonance of a tolling bell. Echoing and echoing. The envy and the admiration in the drunken man's voice thrilled her, "That point ear is really giving it to her." She would never think of horses when she thought of elves again. Her cousins made her repeat every detail over and over, even though at first they had dismissed her tale and almost refused to believe it. They too had never seen or heard of such activities taking place where all of the public could see, if what Lavender described was truly lewd behavior and had no other, more innocent, explanation. And they might have convinced themselves she had not seen anything more than a serving wench and inn-guest enjoying the sun on a bright morning, if not for the words of the drunken man. "There are not many elves with golden hair who visit here, at least that I have ever seen," remarked Lily almost at once, but she had to admit that the term 'point ear' was pretty specific. "Are you sure he wasn't just leaning over her to look out of that window?" Rose nearly sneered when she asked, she was that convinced of Lavender's naiveté. But, like her sister, she had to admit that there was not much else the elf could have been 'giving' the serving wench, in the posture described, and with the moans that were heard, besides 'that', whatever 'that' was. Although they had all seen rural-life romancing involving barnyard animals like hens and a rooster, or pastured cows with a bull, they were really none of them quite sure about all of the details when it came to people, and they assumed an elf would be not too different from a man. It seemed there should be more to it than there was with the animals. The use of hands, for instance, and kissing. Merely relating the tale had been such an embarrassing ordeal for Lavender that she was almost sorry she had mentioned it to her doubting cousins, but they finally admitted, grudgingly, that they were sorry they had missed the event and a bit put-out with themselves for not rising early enough to join in the visit to town. "How do you think those women are hired?" Lavender held her breath after she finally found the courage to say such a thing out loud. She tried to ask it casually, as if she was just curious about such arrangements and not from any personal interest, but she was sure her more well-informed cousins would see right through her and know she was asking for herself. Luckily, the both of them, once they had admitted that she had seen what she thought she had seen, were too interested in hearing another recitation of the morning's events to have even noticed her question. She decided not to ask it again, yet, when they made her start over, at the beginning, and repeat every single thing she had heard and seen. If Lavender had felt braver, once she had finished retelling everything, she would have asked again how women found employment at the inn, but she could not bring herself to ask twice and risk exposing her underlying desire to find a way to get into the inn, and find an elf to take to that fancy room with that big bed, and maybe even to find out what one looked like bare naked. That lordly elf with the golden hair haunted her for days afterwards; he was handsome, and virile, and had seemed proud of the display he had made of his lust for the lucky wench in his grasp. Lavender tried to imagine what was taking place under the lifted skirt, but the mechanics of the ways adults made love were a mystery to her. But intriguing. He was very different from the gray clad party she had seen at the forest's edge, but they were all more interesting to think about than any of the men she had seen in the town, who would never look twice at her anyway. But haunting her along with the image of the handsome elf was the woman he was with, and the way her face was slack with pleasure and the moans of satisfaction she emitted. A strange heat would sweep over Lavender when she recalled the scene, a tingling sensation that seemed to settle between her legs and at her breasts. If it was true what her cousins said, that the maidservants at the inn could have their pick of the elves who visited there, then she had to find a way to work there. Before it was too late and she turned into a spinster. But how? T b c Legolas will show up in next chapter... stay tuned