surcoat and boots, she had pulled her hair back with a leather tie and rolled up her sleeves, the sun growing warm on her right side as it shone across the river. Dark strands of hair had escaped, and hung about her face. For a while she said nothing, lost in the storm of emotions that had raged within her when she had ridden through the gate of Minas Tirith. She had said her goodbyes, in a way, at breakfast, though she didn't think that anyone realized it. They would once she was gone. Legolas, most of all. Mary had not wanted them to know she was saying goodbye, however; they would have begged her to stay, and she was not sure she would have been able to resist. Soon, however, the silence grew too lonesome, and so Mary started talking. Ædelstan's ears pricked and turned towards her, listening as she described for him some of the things she missed from her world, and some of the things she didn't. "I think the thing I miss the most," she said. "Are the showers. You would not believe the strange looks I received in the palace when people saw me, every morning, going to the washhouse to bathe. But I couldn't help it, you know? I mean, when you're traveling it's one thing. You can't help not washing all the time; you don't have the resources. But in the palace…" How long they rode that way, with her talking continuously and Ædelstan listening, she did not know. Eventually her voice quieted, and she looked to her right to watch the river flowing away, going south towards the sea. In a quiet voice, that grew louder with each verse– to fill the silence that surrounded her– she began to sing. Her thoughts were on the reason she had left, and on a certain elf. "In every heart there is a room, A sanctuary safe and strong To heal the wounds from lovers past, Until a new one comes along. I spoke to you in cautious tones; You answered me with no pretense. And still I feel I said too much, My silence is my self defense. And every time I've held a rose It seems I only felt the thorns; And so it goes, and so it goes, And so will you soon I suppose." Ædelstan turned his head, and whickered. Far behind she heard the sounds of a horse give a crying neigh, and Ædelstan snorted, tossing his head. "But if my silence made you leave, Then that would be my worst mistake. So I will share this room with you, And you can have this heart to break. And this is why my eyes are closed, It's just as well for all I've seen. And so it goes, and so it goes, And you're the only one who knows. So I would choose to be with you– That's if the choice were mine to make. But you can make decisions too, And you can have this heart to break." Her voice dropped, and she sang it almost in a whisper to herself, even as the sound of thundering hooves drew near and behind her. "And so it goes, and so it goes… And you're the only one who knows." "Mary." Her chest clenched within her, and her heart leapt into her throat. "Legolas." "Why did you leave?" he asked, slowing Arod's mad run to walk beside Ædelstan. She would not look at him. "It was time." Legolas did not answer, but she could feel his eyes as he glanced at her disbelievingly. "Aragorn has made you an offer." She waited. "He wishes to offer you a home in Gondor." Legolas continued. "And when the elves come to live in Ithilien, to join them." He paused for a moment. "I, too, wish it." Mary bit her lip, so hard it almost bled. "No." she finally said. Legolas frowned at her. "It is not often that a king is so gracious to a stranger, to allow such a one to live in his land." Mary's eyes widened, and she jerked on the reins, abruptly pulling Ædelstan to a halt and turning him to face Legolas. "What is that supposed to mean?" she demanded, her brows pulled together. "'To allow such a one–' Do you believe me unworthy? Is that it?" "I did not say that." Legolas said as the horses danced in consternation beneath them. "You said that he wishes it, that you wish it. What about what I wish?" Legolas' eyes narrowed, and some emotion she could not read flickered through his eyes. "To refuse the wishes of a king and a prince is to insult their grace!" Mary stared at him, her mouth open, and in the next moment her temper flared. "You selfish, uncaring, pointy-eared princeling!" she hissed, her eyes flaring with fire. Legolas pulled back sharply, straightening. "Just because you are royalty, you think you can control people however you want to? That you can tell them where to go and what to do as it pleases you? How dare you! I am not of this world, and therefore not under your command! I answer to Aragorn as my respect for him allows, but it is by my choice, and I most certainly don't have to answer to you!" Ædelstan tossed his head and snorted impatiently, circling Arod. "Who do you think you are?" she demanded. "What makes you think I want to live in Ithilien with you? I would have to see you every day, knowing I could never have you! What makes you think–" She never had a chance to finish the sentence. With her unwitting confession Legolas' eyes had widened, and then, knowing that words alone were not enough for her, he had struck out with one hand to catch her head and pull her close. Mary's eyes grew large, his mouth crushing hers with warmth and meaning and desperation, saying what he could not.