Lord Elrond, has received word of darkness and evil haunting the land of the Greenwood, thus he has sent us to your kingdom to offer you assistance", replied Elrohir, who Thranduil noted to be the bolder of the two brothers. "My people are not dependent on anyone's pity, not even that of the famed Lord of Imladris ," Thranduil remarked spitefully, closely watching the guarded expressions of the twins. "And why else would your father bother to intervene in case of a threat residing strictly within my realm?", Thranduil pried relentlessly. "If evil forces continue to threaten your realm we will all be in grave danger", replied Elladan thoughtfully, who Thranduil deemed the shyer of the twins, "for if evil prevails, Imladris will be in peril too." " Nae , we cannot let that happen," agreed his brother Elrohir, his voice brimming with confidence and determination. "My brother and I have been instructed not to leave until we have completed our mission, which means we will stay as long as we are of any help to your people." "Fine, I will accept your offer, as it seems that I will not be able to sway your decision," the king responded in a surprisingly calm, but nonetheless cold voice. "Do as you were told, but remember that I do not deem your presence necessary, hence you will act independently of my troops." Both elves nodded obediently, an expression of mild surprise still lingering on their faces. "As the leaders of your own unit you will both be held responsible for all actions taken within the borders of my kingdom, be they helpful or harmful", Thranduil continued in a rather harsh voice. "If anything happens, you will not have to answer to me, but to your father, who sent you here," he concluded and watched Elrond's sons nod their agreement, before sending for his servants to show them to their quarters. Thranduil knew that by letting his own sons lead the Imladris troops Elrond had made sure Thranduil would not send them away. He had to acknowledge that was a very clever move, and quite an unexpected one as well. However, this did not threaten his plans in the least, only alter them a little. Still everything went according to plan, Thranduil mused, his reputation would remain unblemished. But then why did it feel so unsatisfactory? This was what he had wanted to happen, wasn't it? Not a moment later he caught himself thinking, that if something was to happen to them... "It would be entirely their own fault", he cut himself off mid-thought. After all, he had told them that he refused to take any responsibility for their actions, convincing them that staying and fighting had been their decision alone. "But if Elrond's sons do not return to Imladris it could cause a diplomatic hazard", whispered a tiny voice in his head. Thranduil considered this for a moment, before shaking his head violently in an attempt to get rid of his own guilty conscience. "This is ridiculous! If anyone was to blame for the boys' doings it would be their father", Thranduil thought, angry at himself for having second thoughts. "Legolas!", Thranduil exclaimed in a dissatisfied voice, as his son entered the throne hall. "Yes, adar ", replied the young Sinda with the long blond hair and the calm sea blue eyes. "A delegation of Imladris soldiers arrived today. Tomorrow they will take the fight to the spider-infested parts of Eryn Galen , and you will accompany them on their first campaign", Thranduil told him and Legolas nodded dutifully. "Keep a close look on their two leaders", Thranduil added in a lower voice, "and find out what they are up to, for they are the sons of Lord Elrond of Imladris ." "I will be watchful", Legolas assured him with a polite nod, before he marched off and left the King of Greenwood to his thoughts. author's note: Thanks a lot for reading, I hope you liked it! ^^ I duly appreciate all comments as well as constructive criticism! Chapters 1-4 have been corrected and updated now! Sindarin Translations: Sindarin is the commonly spoken Elven tongue. Imladris = Rivendell (Elrond's stronghold) hír vuin = my Lord Eryn Galen = Greenwood the Great mellon = friend adar, ada = father, dad Mithran dir = Gandalf Curuní r = Saruman erain vuin = my king Taur-nu-Fuin = Mirkwood, 'Forest of Great Fear' melethron = lover nae, nai = alas! Remarks on LOTR lore: Thranduil is the Sinda King of the Woodland realm, his people, the Silvan , are commonly called the Woodland people. The Silvan are the 'wood elves' or 'forest people', descendants of the Teleri and the Nandor . The Sindar , also 'grey elves' or 'elves of the twilight' belong to the Teleri, one of the three Eldar (Elven) people. The Sindar are Moriquendi , elves of Telerin descent who never set foot in the Undying Lands (Sindar, Nandor). The White Council or Council of the Wise was founded by Galadriel and led by Saruman, the latest meeting took place in 2851 TA. Apart from the three Istari (Saruman, Gandalf, Radagast) the Council consisted of Elrond, Galadriel and Círdan, with other Eldar lords such as Celeborn, Erestor or Glorfindel attending meetings sporadically. The Amon Lanc or 'Bald Hill', is a hill in the southern parts of Eryn Galen , upon which a dark fortress was built; in later times the place became known as Dol Guldur . Dol Guld ur , the 'hill of sorcery', can be regarded the source of the shadow which fell upon Greenwood and turned it into Mirkwood. An evil presence known as Necromancer resides there, however, at present only Gandalf suspects that the evil spirit is Sauron in disguise. The three wizards ( Istari in Quenya), known as Saruman the White, Gandalf the Grey and Radagast the Brown, were Maiar , divine spirits who were clad in mortal bodies and sent to Middle-earth by the Gods.