the heavy blow of disappointment all the harder to bear for foreknowing his request, nay plea, was rebuked before its complete voicing. His hands slid loosely from the grey cloak and fell limp at his sides. "To shore up the bulwarking either in hopes of an unforeseen dawn…or for the twilight's last defense." "Maybe it will be the last. But that is no reason to lose hope." Lines at the corners of Aragorn's eyes, lines the elf had never noticed before, arced upwards with his lips, "You were never satisfied unless there were orc necks for hewing." Haldir smiled, but it was a far cry either from his usual smirk or his evanescent grin. The ice-blown shores of the Helcaraxë against his bare flesh would not have stirred in him the anguish that fell upon him now in the face of his most beloved (and often-thought only ) friend. "The day will come when you and I will sit again in the shadows of green leaves, exchanging stories free of old grief and pain and listening to the morning blazon with song." "Not in Lórien will that be. Spring will not come again to the Golden Wood. With this parting, our winter has come at last, and the choice for many will come: to stay until all that they knew and loved fades beyond memory or to take that final ship to a land that has never been their home." "It grieves me to force such a choice on you." "Nevertheless, it is one that must be made in the end. You bear little fault for that." "Whatever you decide, you will come to my wedding first won't you? I have always wanted a wedding on Midsummer Eve." The ranger's wistful eyes scanned the riverbanks; he was already far away, walking in other woods, or perhaps even wandering to the black plains where his doom and the dooms of so many others would be cast. "If we both live to see such happy times." Leaning forward slightly, Haldir slid his hands up through the man's unruly hair as if he were but a stripling yet and tilted their faces close until their foreheads nearly met. It was an intimate gesture he had never hitherto bestowed on the man, and Aragorn's eyes stretched, unblinking with surprise. The handspan that had once existed between their heights had vanished somewhere in forgotten groves. Haldir forced himself to hold that grey gaze in a long, straight stare that lengthened beyond memory. Afterward, he did not recall quite what it was that passed between them. He only remembered his heart, too full and thick for words, choking his throat…his long hands buried in warm, dark hair threaded with silver…and those eyes…Those eyes had once opened on the world, guileless and honest as the first day of spring. The eyes that had seen into him more deeply than any other: that had transformed a soldier's war-torn bitterness and remorse into peace, gentled the rancor of self-inflicted isolation with the possibility of new friendship, and teased ancient disillusionment into blossoming hope. Autumn had encroached on spring's un-weathered cheek and lined those eyes. What had happened to their summer? Already he could feel winter's chill seeping into his fingertips buried in that thick hair, but he let them grow cold. Aragorn's stare did not once waver from his as if he saw all that passed through the elf's mind. That unyielding yet sorrowing regard felled him. The marchwarden's heart overbrimmed. He could not bear his soul's utter baring like this. He dropped his eyes and hands, but Aragorn caught one of the latter up and pressed his callus-rough fingers against an equally rough palm. " The Road goes ever on and on, down from the door where it began …" he half-chanted, half-spoke, gripping hard. Haldir closed his eyes. They shook hands which seemed clumsy and foreign after their embrace. Estel's hand was warm and firm, his cold and clammy by comparison. And though he could claim no foresight himself, he thought maybe it wasn't Estel he had pictured fallen on the field of honor. Aragorn withdrew and fetched an oar. Stepping nimbly back into the boat, he ignored Sam's panic over the violent swaying the ranger's movements provoked and dug the oar into the bank. The Silverlode's swift current captured the boats almost instantly and nosed them out past the tongue towards the Great River. The marchwarden was neither a milksop nor a lovelorn maiden to watch and weep until the boats carrying dear ones blurred on the distant horizon. But in the instant before he turned away, the brown Anduin hazed ever so slightly as if with mist unburned and even the sun's glints off a disappearing wake shone too brightly. Awareness of a presence watching him under the trees brought his head around sharply to pin the intruder with an eagle's hard and suspicious stare. "What do you here? You said you had business elsewhere in the city today." "So I did." Orophin merely rested his shoulders on a mallorn trunk at his brother's piqued demand. "I have just parted from a dear friend. That burden is a heavy one when walking back to the marches. Alone." "You thought I would be lonely?" Haldir threw a cursory glance over his shoulder. The roan and misty lands beyond Lothlórien had already swallowed up the elf-boats. Anduin sparkled under a noon sun, undisturbed, as if they had never been. "Did I say that? That doesn't sound like what I said." Orophin tilted his head slightly, his equivalent of a shrug. "You must be getting old and deaf, brother, if you hear things that are not." Haldir snorted, but climbed the bank nevertheless. His brother fell into step at his shoulder as they took a hidden path into the woods, heading north once more. "The dreaming fool wants me to attend his wedding in midsummer…" Author's Notes: "Often the prickly thorn produces tender roses." Ovid . Best, Marchwriter