deliverance. Over the last half mile the Guards of Gondor and Dol Amroth, who had travelled until then in loose groups, formed themselves into a military procession. Erchirion and Lothíriel had closed up to their father and their liege and Amrothos had taken again his place on his sister's other side, leaving an infuriated Elphir to tag along behind them. Four horse lengths before the standard-bearer reached the gate the heavy panels were swung open, admitting the travellers inside. Lothíriel had hardly the time to admire the elaborate carvings of the gate when she found herself in the centre of a spacious inner courtyard, crowded by uncountable horses and tall blond men in mail and armour. She had been told they would be received by the Royal Guard, but these riders did not look like a guard of honour. Even Lothíriel with her lack of experience was able to determine that those men had returned, not long ago, from an armed encounter. The horses were sweaty and dirty and so were their masters. A few of them had makeshift bandages, others were checking damaged weapons, but by and large they gave a blithe and rather excited impression. Whatever clash they had been involved in, they must have had secured victory. The calls, with which they hailed Gondor's King, were also calls of jubilance. "It looks as if our Rohirric friends found a way to entertain themselves whilst waiting for us," Amrothos remarked, sounding quite envious. Suddenly a whisper of awareness tingled through Lothíriel. She sensed his presence just before he called out. "Aragorn!" Lothíriel turned towards the familiar voice, a shiver going down her spine. Had she truly feared she would not recognize it just because she had not heard it for a mere nine months? Éomer stood on the top of the stairs leading to the hall, smiling at his friend and brother. She had never seen him wearing his full armour. He looked larger and broader than she remembered, and she asked herself how he was able to walk in all that mail, metal and leather, leave alone fight. Without a doubt the warrior, from that night long ago, was back. This time, fortunately, not wounded. At least, as far as she could tell from a distance. And the dirt was back. Rohan's King was definitely in need of a bath. Elessar jumped off his horse and walked towards his friend who made his way down the five steps from the hall. "Éomer, is there a particular reason why the Royal Guard appears to have just returned from battle?" Instead of an answer Gondor's King was given a tight bear hug, pressing him against a hard cuirass. The embrace looked not only uncomfortable but also painful. He freed himself with a laugh and cupped the younger man's face between his hands, pulling him closer so that there was just a hand's width between their noses. "You are still not listening," he accused with pretended sternness. "Of course I have been listening," the Rohír answered with a wide grin, seizing his friend's forearms. "I did not go out on my own. I took my guard." "Éomer, you are a hopeless case." "We had to find a way to occupy ourselves. I was thrown out of Meduseld. The women folk have taken over with the preparation of the festivities." "And I might have escorted your bride only to find she would have to patch you up." Éomer smile disappeared at Aragorn's words and, detaching himself from his friend, he slowly turned toward her. He did not have to search the crowd. He had known where to look for her. Suddenly Lothíriel was under the scrutiny of a pair of dark eyes and everything around her went out of focus when their gazes locked. It was too late to brace herself for the wave of excitement that always ran through her when she just . . . just saw him. Her stomach muscles contracted and her heartbeat quickened to a rate she would have considered, under normal circumstances, to be highly alarming. Her pulse-rate was, right now, the least of her worries. He came toward her with the aggressive grace that was so much part of him, never taking his eyes off her. The intensity of his gaze held her captive until he was standing next to her. She could have touched him, but she was unable to move or to think of what else to do or to think of what to say. Éomer looked up to her as if he was searching for something in her eyes. And whatever it was, he must have found it because his smile returned and the charm of that smile caught Lothíriel unexpectedly and warmed her like a blazing fire on a cold night. Suddenly she was filled with the most wonderful sense of anticipation, as if she were standing at the edge of something, about to embark on a spectacular adventure. "My Lady." He extended a hand towards her. Lothíriel looked down at it. The hand of the warrior, well-formed but also strong and rough; caked with dirt and blood. Éomer must only have realised that when he followed her gaze, and he was about to pull his hand back when Lothíriel quickly grabbed it with her gloved one. She let the reins, which she held still in her other hand, fall onto her mare's shoulders and began to pull the glove from her fingers without letting Éomer's hand go. He watched her manoeuvre until her bare hand lay in his. His gaze returned to her face, his eyes gleaming more gold than green. Slowly he pulled her hand to his lips and she could feel them on her knuckles, firm and warm. "Welcome to the Riddermark, Lothíriel of Dol Amroth." He had spoken loud enough for all in their vicinity to hear, but his next words came in a whisper, meant only for her. "I have been waiting for you." TBC