"That's fine. I can do that," her mother replied, smiling. "You go on and do something by yourself for a change. You've been looking after your sisters almost all day." "Thanks, Ammë," the girl said, starting towards her room. She turned around. "Le mellon, Ammë," she said softly. Arwen watched as her daughter walked off. "Yes, she will indeed," she said as she walked towards the twins' room. "A fine mother one day." ***** Legolas did not want to tell Aragorn what was wrong, but he knew the human had ways of making him tell. He decided to avoid the true answer to the troubling question, the one that made his sad. "It was nothing. Just something Elrohir said once," the elf replied. 'And Miriel,' his thoughts reminded him softly. "That's not it, Legolas. Something else is there. There's something in your eyes," Aragorn said. He knew the elf would tell eventually, as he always did. But why would he hold back? "It's nothing, Aragorn," Legolas replied, getting annoyed with his human friend. "Nothing at all, Estel," he muttered without thinking. He could feel Aragorn's glare on his back. He looked up and stared at the king, raising his eyebrow slightly like Lord Elrond used to. "Legolas, you looked so much like Ada Elrond!" Aragorn burst out laughing. Legolas smiled, the question temporarily forgotten. Just then, Arwen came up behind them and wrapped her arms around her husband. "Ah," Legolas said, touching his nose gently. "Good evening, Arwen. I'm glad to see you up tonight." "Hello, Legolas," Arwen replied. "Aragorn, I just wanted to let you know I put the twins to bed. Hopefully they'll stay there the entire night." Aragorn nodded. "Yes, hopefully." "Have they not been sleeping well?" Legolas asked, glancing at his friend. Aragorn just looked down at the floor, and Legolas wondered if the human was more elvish than some other elves he had met. He looked towards Arwen. "No, they haven't. Every night for the past two weeks, they have gotten up for some reason or another. And they always come and wake up either Aragorn or myself," Arwen explained, watching Legolas's expression. Legolas smiled slightly. "Ah. I'm sorry. Perhaps tonight they will sleep better," he said, glancing at Aragorn. "Aragorn, wake up!" "I am awake," the king said sleepily. "No, you're not," the blond elf said, laughing. Aragorn was exhausted and looked anything but kingly. "Time for bed, Human," Legolas added, a small smile playing on his face. "But…" Aragorn tried to protest. "Aragorn, mellon-nin," Legolas replied, "You are practically dead on your feet. You must rest! You're no use to us half alive!" Both men laughed, as they remember a time long ago when Legolas said the exact same words to Aragorn before the epic battle for Helm's Deep. Arwen rolled her eyes but smiled. "I'm going to check on Mellie," she announced, leaving the men to talk. ***** When Arwen arrived in her daughter's room, she found Ellie reading a story to Mellie and Thenidiel. Mellie was almost asleep, but Thenidiel was bouncing up and down. "Thenidiel," Ellie was saying, "You must go to sleep, darling. It's bedtime." "But I want to play!" the little girl exclaimed loudly, still bouncing. Mellie, who had just fallen asleep, stirred slightly. "There will be plenty of time to play tomorrow, Theni," Arwen replied, stepping into the room. Ellie looked up, faintly surprised. She had not heard or seen the queen come. She smiled at Arwen but turned back to her niece. "Hush, darling," Ellie said gently, patting the child on her shoulders. She laid Thenidiel back under the covers and picked up the story. "You do not want to wake you sister, Thenidiel," Ellie said as she did this. "You can play tomorrow, honey," Arwen added, looking at her daughter. "Okay, Ammë," Thenidiel said, yawning. "Good night, dear," Arwen said. The two older elves stayed in the room, watching the girls sleep. Thenidiel soon fell asleep, and the two sisters stepped out of the room silently. ***** "Are you feeling better now, Arwen?" Ellie asked as she and her sister walked down the halls. "Yes," Arwen replied, nodding. "At least, I think so." The elven queen's eyes filled with tears, and she fought to control them. "Oh, Ellie, it is so hard! I miss both Ada and Ammë so much!" "I understand, Arwen," Ellie said gently. She wrapped her arms around her sister. "Ada Elrond was always there for me when I needed him, and so was Auntie Celebrían. I love them both." Ellie thought for a moment then continued. "Remember long ago, the first time I met Legolas?" "You were so pink, Ellie!" Arwen said, smiling. "Yes, I probably was. But that was a hard time for me. I was still missing my parents greatly. That was only four years after Ammë died. Your parents were so kind to me," Ellie said gently. "I loved them." "I miss them. Why did Ada have to leave so soon?" Arwen asked, distressed. "I do not know. Arwen. But I do know Ada Elrond missed Celebrían very much. It was very hard for him when she left. Do you remember how he locked himself in their room for days, only allowing Glorfindel in?" Arwen's tears spilled over as she remembered. Elrond had been so upset by his wife leaving that he had locked himself in their room for several days, not letting anyone else in. There had been times when he did not even let Glorfindel come inside the large room. "Arwen, it is okay to be sad. But I know Ada Elrond would not want you to waste your life with Aragorn missing him. So please, be happy, mellon-nin. They both loved you, and I know Auntie Celebrían would want you to be happy," Ellie said, placing her hand on her sister's shoulder. "You're right. Ada and Ammë would want me to be happy. Keep reminding me, will you?" Arwen asked, a smile on her face.