it touched you," responded he, his voice trailing off. "Just the tiny scratch was plenty for it to work. Now, is anything else hurting or bothering you?" "My arm does hurt," Ellie said in a small voice. Elrond came and looked at her arm very closely. There was nothing wrong with its appearance, but that did not mean that everything was fine inside. When he examined it even more closely, he found that it was broken. Elrond decided let her fall asleep then take care of it. When Ellie woke up, Elrond had put her arm in a cast and sling. She was very glad the hurt arm was her left arm, not her right one because she was right handed. She saw Elrond across the room and asked if she could have something to eat. When he bought her a tray of food, she devoured it quickly. Lord Elrond was exhausted. He had not been able to finish his breakfast, and here it almost lunch time. He called for his wife. "Ellie's arm is broken, and she was poisoned. Arwen is getting better," Elrond said. "Would you mind bring me two cup of tea, one for Arwen and one for me?" "Alright, honey," Celebrían replied. "I will be back in a few minutes." When Celebrían returned, she handed her husband a cup of Erestor's honey tea then went and sat down on the edge of her daughter's bed. She helped Arwen sit up and drink some tea. "Ammë, where is Ada?" Arwen asked, looking around. ((Mother)) ((Father)) "He was here just a minute ago," her mother answered. "I don't know where he went." Elrond went to see if he could get something to eat. He was very hungry now, for he had not had anything to eat since breakfast. He walked into the kitchen, grabbed a small something, and tried to slip out before anyone else saw him. "Elrond! What have you been doing?" It was too late. The Elven Lord spun around, almost knocking his friend off his feet. "What is wrong, mellon-nin? And do not tell me 'nothing,' for your face tells me that that is not true." ((My friend)) "Sorry, Glorfindel. I have to get back to the Healing Rooms," Elrond said, trying to get away. "Elrond, I am not going let you go until you have had something better to eat than what you have there," Glorfindel replied. "Glorfindel, I must get back to the Healing Rooms, and soon! Arwen and Ellethana are waiting for me." Glorfindel let his friend go. He knew better than to keep the Healer away from his patients. But he wanted him to eat something. "Elrond, I will bring you something better to eat," the blonde elf said. "You must keep up you strength, mellon-nin. Please?" "Alright," Elrond responded as he rushed out. "Elrond, darling, where did you go?" Celebrían asked, her voice full of concern for her husband. "Arwen asked where you went." "I went to get a small snack." "What was it?" she wanted to know. "I had a sandwich. Alright?" "Elrond, you must eat to continue to do what you are doing. You would not want to get sick, now would you? And you haven't slept in who knows how long. And yes, I do know you barely sleep at all." His wife had a point. He did not want to get sick. He had to take care of his girls, but he also needed to take care of himself. He needed to catch up on his sleep. "Cele, would you mind taking care of the girls?" Elrond asked. "I'm going to rest for a while. I do need some rest." "Of course, darling," Celebrían replied. Ellethana woke up to find her mother's cousin looking down at her. "Celebrían, what are you doing here?" she asked. "There is someone here to see you, darling," Celebrían replied. Then she left. "Ellie, I'm sorry." Ellie looked over to where the voice was coming from. "Arwen?" she asked, not sure if it really was the other girl. "Yes, Ellie. It's me. I'm really sorry for everything. I didn't mean to make you miserable. May I call you 'mellon-nin'?" Arwen asked. Ellethana smiled. She had a new friend. "Yes, Arwen. You can." "Good. Ammë already knows, so let's go find Ada." Lord Elrond was delighted to find out that Arwen and Ellie were friends. That night, while he was in his room with his wife, he told her that he was glad to find his girls were friends. A few days later, Arwen went to her father, saying she had something to tell him. "Ada? You remember a few days ago? I… I need to tell you something." "What is it, Arwen?" "I was only pretending to be sick." She paused to look at his face. "But what about your throat?" "I didn't know about that. Honest, I didn't." Elrond raised one eyebrow, a look he was known for throughout Middle Earth. "Are you sure, Arwen?" "Well… maybe… You see, the twins, they pushed me outside in the rain the day before, and I didn't even know about my throat till I woke up in the Healing Rooms," she replied. "Alright. If you're sure, Arwen," her father said. Eprolouge: Ellethana picked up her pencil and wrote about what had happened since her headache. My Dear Butterfly, Arwen and I are friends now! After I awoke, I saw her standing above me. It is amazing! For the first time since I came to Rivendell, I am not alone. I am happy again, something I have not really been for a long time, since before Ada was killed. I still miss them, but I have other things to keep me busy now. I know Ada and Ammë would be happy too. They used to like it when I was happy. It made them happy too. I do wish I could see them again, but I want to go and be with my friends.