room, everyone watching, staying near just in case, but now more intent on the romance of the moment rather than the former pending emergency. The music ended, and Garad continued to sway, his eyes a little glazed. Aragorn took one arm, and Boromir got his own arm under the Man's wounded side. Together, amid much applause for the completed dance, they steered him to an armchair by the fire. "Rest," Aragorn said sternly. 'Beer," Garad said, smiling up at them with a dazed happiness. "Here you go!" Merry declared, arriving as if able to read the Man's mind, with mug of ale in hand. "You made it!" Pippin said. "Boromir wins!" Boromir shook his head vigorously at them but Garad only laughed. "I might have guessed! So that's what you were up to!" "Well," Pippin amended, "you did the last turn down the floor all by yourselves." "And it looked fantastic!" Merry lied. Liel finished filling Elena in on what had been going on and she shook her head muttering "Men!" "They owe you five silvers each," Arwen said primly, dragging Aragorn away before he could intrude with a Healer's examination. When both women looked back at Garad they found him sound asleep in his chair, somehow still managing not to spill the beer. "Time you took your husband to bed," Liel said softly. Elena murmured, lacing her fingers through his dark hair. "I nearly lost him this time." "The battles are over. He is safe," Liel told her firmly. "Time you climbed into bed with him and held him until you convince yourself of that." Elena nodded then looked up at Liel with a rueful smile. "He's such a great lump. I can't carry him and I don't' want to wake him --- "I shall call our bearers!" Liel replied with an evil grin. "Time they earned their keep! Putting bets on your wedding waltz, indeed!" Liel was gladdened by the sound of Elena's laughter. Garad and Elena The linen of the bandage was roughly woven, yet soft, warm and smooth where Elena's fingers gently traced its edges, following the broad contour of Garad's upper chest and shoulder. She would not touch the bandage where it lay the wound, it would still be painful and even so careful a touch might wake him. Briefly, she wondered just how terrible had been that wound, but she didn't really want to know. It would be bad enough when the time came, tomorrow, to change the wrapping and she would finally see the raw truth. She did know that Aragorn had healed him, that it had taken such rare magic and power that the story had rapidly spread through the ranks, was still spreading. " He really is our king, only he could have … The old saying foretold he would have such power to heal, and he alone." Elena had yet to hear the details, for whenever the story-teller realised she was approaching, they shut up. Never a good sign. Her fingers tightened then relaxed. She would not think of it now. She propped herself a little higher on her elbows on the mattress, making it dip a little. Garad shifted fractionally, his head turning in her direction, and his lips moving in his sleep as if to kiss her. "Shh… I'm here. Rest." She bent and kissed his forehead and he settled back on the pillows. "Dance?" he murmured, making her smile. "We danced enough. Time to sleep." "Mmmm..?" His breathing grew heavier and his chin slumped to his chest, deeply asleep once more. Elena remembered how valiantly he had tried to emulate the other couples on the dance floor tonight. He simply had neither the stamina nor the balance for more than one slow, stumbling waltz. Aragorn, she had realised, in particular had been keeping an eye out for his patient, as were Garad's other friends, despite the horseplay surrounding the betting. She had asked Boromir about Garad's weakness, unwilling to intrude between Faramir and Eowyn who had finally gotten up and joined the others on the dance floor after Liramir's mother had reclaimed through the unassailable expedient of it being dinnertime. When Boromir had hesitated, she insisted he tell her the truth, and he admitted, "Blood loss. You know how it goes. It'll take a while. He should be in bed." Elena had nodded briskly. "He will be in bed." Boromir had raised an eyebrow at her and added, " Resting ." Stepping on his foot in mild retaliation, she had turned to go round Garad up and found Damrod and Ciran already had him in hand. Not waking him, and thus daring his protests, they had merely picked him up, chair, beer mug and all, and carried him from the room as bearing a King atop his throne. Aragorn was there, too, having completed a quick check on his recalcitrant patient. "He'll be fine, "their new King had said with his kind smile. "See he rests. And congratulations, Lady Garamir." Garamir. Elena snuggled more closely against Garad and decided they'd keep that as their house name. And in the morning, while Garad was still in bed, and thus safe from taking hurt if he fainted, she'd tell him the best news of all, the news she'd thus far only confided to Liel. She was pregnant. The first child of their new house would be born just before Yule. Garad was going to be a father. Elena saw again Garad, all those years ago, broken leg and all, sound asleep in his hospital bed, the twin refugee boys, Harma and Haldan asleep at his side in the sunshine. That had been the first moment she'd first realised she loved him enough to have his children, and it had frightened her, thinking of creating their own family amid the danger of war. Instead, now, their children would be part of the first generation of Men that would grow up to in a new world of peace and laughter. END