word, then deliver the letters immediately, they contain all the answers you need. Just do not open them before that day." But Lindir felt afraid, shocked. Erestor was not totally honest. Elves had no need for a testament, except when they feared for their lives. Whatever the dark ellon withheld from him scared him and induced in him a sense of foreboding and dread. "Do not give up and fade away from me!" "I promise I will not succumb to the elven sickness." END OF FLASHBACK Lindir looked at the offending silver key. Quickly making up his mind he opened the bottom drawer and unveiled a small box of dark cherry wood. It was plain except for an elegantly formed silver lock at its front. He made haste and opened it with a soft clicking sound. Swiftly he took the seven letters and returned everything to its initial state and left his friend's office. Looking through Erestor's letters Lindir could not stop himself from frowning: there was one for captain Thalion, a Silvan Elf who had accompanied Erestor from Mirkwood when Erestor had first set foot on Imladris four centuries ago, furthermore there were letters for Melpomaen, Lindir himself, Elrond, Glorfindel, Elladan, Elrohír and Galadriel. Why ever would Erestor leave something like a last will for the twins and the lady of the Golden Wood? He pocketed the four letters for Thalion, Galadriel, Melpomaen and the one that bore his own name, and rushed off to search Imladris' captain. Just as he was slowly becoming desperate in his search for the golden elf lord he found him standing at the entry of the main house giving last instructions to his second in command, Telchar. Glorfindel wore dark green leggings and tunic, neatly tucked into soft leather boots. His expression was grim, after all it was his lover and his family that were unknowingly endangering themselves by attempting to cross the High Pass that very moment. For a second, Lindir reconsidered at seeing the lord's expression, but then he rushed forward. "lord Glorfindel." The blond ellon turned his eyes towards him, his features softening. Lindir was a kind-hearted elf and furthermore the best friend of his secret protégé Erestor. "Lindir, what is it? But please hurry, we have to leave in a few minutes." Lindir took his elbow and steered him away from curious eyes and ears. Glorfindel raised an eyebrow. He tried to be patient with the sensible musician, but they had so little time … "I will not take much of your time; I know that it is vital for our lord and his family that you make haste. It's about Erestor." "So you know why he insisted on accompanying us?" The captain was indeed curious why the chief advisor had been adamant about him being a part of the contingent. "No, but I worry for him. You know that he is fading. It has become worse after lord Dírhael's death day last week. I think he is sure that he will not return alive from this mission. He knows something about his future, maybe the lady Galadriel told him something … I don't know." Lindir was desperately trying to hold eye contact with Glorfindel, to make him believe his words that stumbled from his lips in a rush as if he was afraid that the captain and seneschal would not hear him out. "Years ago he gave me letters for you, our lord and his sons, his assistant, the lady Galadriel, captain Thalion and me; and he said if he disappeared without a trace or if he died, I was to deliver them to their recipients. Now I give them to you. I think he will disappear, Glorfindel. And if this happens, then open the letters. He told me they contained answers. Please keep him safe!" He pressed the four letters against Glorfindel's chest who took them with knitted eyebrows. Glorfindel stared questioningly at the white haired ellon who was now crying softly. Again he looked at the letters in his hands. "He reminded me of them just half an hour ago and he told me farewell, that he treasured my friendship above all. He … he will not return!" He was sure that Lindir's imagination had gotten the better of him but it was true: the chief counsellor was fading and he would not take that lightly. The fact that Erestor had even written farewell letters greatly disturbed him. "Hush, I'm not going to let that happen. I will bring him back to you, okay? I will make sure he is fine, do not worry." "Now, young one: pull yourself together and keep up hope. We will return with Elrond and Erestor just within ten days at the most, okay? I have to go now." He gave the minstrel one more encouraging smile that he found hard to fake, than he rejoined Telchar who accompanied him into the courtyard. He saw Erestor already on his dun, it's hide shimmering like gold. The chief advisor sat on his fabulous horse like a proud statue, his black hair flowing freely to the small of his back. He was pale but his face betrayed nothing of his body's weakness, only showing a cool determination. His blue-black common raven sat on his leather clad fist. The bird was his constant companion and it therefore surprised no one that the counsellor would take it along. Glorfindel sighed. He knew about the scars that marred the dark ellon's soul, that made him cold and distant but still he wished Erestor had allowed Elrond and him to comfort him in those long past years. But Erestor had brusquely turned them away, telling them to back off; and they had complied, once again fading into the background of Erestor's life. Giving Lindir a last reassuring nod he mounted and the party rode out for Imladris, for Elrond and his heirs. CHAPTER END NOTES mellon ~ friend mellonen ~ my friend le hannon ~ thank you