his side into unknown perils'—wasn't that what you told me, Sam?" Sam mumbled, "That were it, close enough." Merry shook his head. "He will never allow it." Pippin pursed his lips. "It's not a matter of allowing , Merry. There's no one in the Shire like Frodo. I for one am not prepared to let the dear old hobbit trot off to certain peril all unguarded." "He'll never go for it," said Merry with grim assurance. "He obviously intended to go alone; clearly that's why Gandalf was cautioning him against it. But you know Frodo: stubborn, secretive, and unreasonably overprotective. He'd never take any of us with him into peril ." "Sam is going," Pippin argued. "Only because he was caught red-handed. But Frodo won't want to take anyone else. Am I right, Sam? He's not intending to discuss this with us?" Sam shook his head. "He told me to keep it dead secret." "There you go." Merry threw up his hands. "If we let on that we know anything about his intended removal, not only will he try to give us the slip in the best Mad Baggins tradition, but he's likely to leave out Sam as well, once he learns he's blabbed his plans to us, against orders." Sam looked up in horror. "Oh, no, sir! Please don't say a word. I couldn't bear it if he went all on his own." Merry patted Sam's arm soothingly. "Nor I. We'll just have to come up with another way of helping him." Fatty looked up suspiciously. "How?" Merry mulled. "We'll form a… conspiracy of sorts—friends who want to help Frodo. We'll watch over him much as we have done, but when he decides to make his move, we'll be ready for him." "Ready in what way?" Fatty said warily. "You don't think you can keep him from leaving, do you?" "It's not even a possibility," said Pippin. "Wait until you hear the full story; you'll see that he has no choice." "We can't keep him from going," said Merry. "Therefore we must go, too. But Frodo mustn't know anything about it until the very last moment. That's the only way to ensure that he doesn't make some mad dash on his own, leaving all his friends behind." For the first time that evening, Sam's face showed a lessening of distress. Merry felt reassured by his tacit approval. "But… leaving." Fatty looked unhappily into his ale. "Are you certain that's wise? We have obligations, you know. We can't just throw off everything to disappear into who-knows-where, possibly for the rest of our lives. What about our families? There are others who depend upon us, my dear hobbits, besides poor Frodo." Sam's expression, which had momentarily lightened, returned to its anxious frown. "Some things outweigh family obligations," said Pippin calmly. "The Great Smials will scrape by somehow without my help. Frodo will not." Merry gave Pippin a small smile. Something passed between them; a flicker of understanding so profound it made all further discussion unnecessary. He returned his gaze to the fretful Fatty. "We needn't all go," Merry said quietly. Beside him, he heard both Pippin and Sam let out a sigh of relief. "In fact, we might well prefer to keep a contact here in the Shire who knows our business—someone who can report what we are up to, yet won't try to turn us aside from our course." Fatty instantly looked happier. "Oh, well, look no farther! It's well enough for you lot to run off; you have relations galore. But there's really only me to carry on for dear old Dad. I couldn't leave him and Mum to manage the farm on their own. It wouldn't be fair." "That's settled then," said Pippin. "The Conspiracy takes shape. Merry and I shall join dear Sam in helping Frodo meet whatever dangers will beset him. And you, Fatty, shall remain behind to prevent as many people as possible from learning what we are up to for as long as you can manage it." "After which," said Merry, "you will have to explain our decision to our families." He gave Fatty a crooked smile. "Are you still up to volunteering for the task, my good fellow?" "Oh, absolutely." Fatty took another pull of his ale. "I'll get Saradoc roaring drunk, convey the news, and nip off to Budgeford before his hangover clears. That amount of danger is about my measure. Now, you lot…" He eyed the three others by turn. "Are you certain that you intend to go through with this? Leave the Shire." He paused, mulling as if in disbelief. "That's… almost never been done. There was Bilbo, of course, and Pippin's Great-Uncle Hildifons, but hardly anyone more." "There will be four more very shortly," said Pippin stoutly. "It's no less than Frodo deserves." Sam's eyes glistened, his gratitude obvious. Merry smiled, as proud of his young cousin as he'd ever been. The very rotund and red-faced proprietor appeared at their table, startling them all. "Your room is ready, Mr. Bolger." "Excellent." Fatty put down his mug. He gave the others a sly smile. "Now that our roles and responsibilities are assigned, perhaps it's time to learn what we have signed up for." "Yes, sir, Mr. Fatty." Sam followed him out of the booth. "I'll tell you everything I know." And I , Merry thought, might have something to tell you —if this relic of Bilbo's turns out to be what I think it is. He followed the proprietor down a narrow passage. The close-set walls cut off the buzz of sound from the public room, setting it firmly behind him. It seemed almost as if he had entered a tunnel, in its way no less frightening than the one Bilbo had forced himself to creep down all those years before. Just that quickly, Merry felt that he truly was turning his back on the Shire, shutting it out, going forward into the dark to do what he must do.