was not something he particularly approved of. Legolas' heart was pounding in his chest even before he bolted from the house. He'd told himself since he gave a part of himself away to save Estel that it was all worth it and he could learn to adapt to the inevitable consequences. His wild flight to the banks of the Bruinen did not stem from saving Estel. Rather, his fears gurgled forth from the consequences. He thought he could learn to live without his immortality…but with his immortality seemed to go everything else that defined him as a living creature… an Elf … as Legolas, son of Thranduil of the Woodland Realm! It had become too much for the prince to bear any longer with no knowledge of what surprises may still be to come. The banks were empty when he raced onto the lightly colored sand and stones. Looking for the entire world like he was expecting a ghost to spring out of thin air, Legolas stopped in the cleaning and turned slowly in a circle, his eyes wide as he panted for breath. Such a simple run as he had just had should not have left an Elf out of breath…but Legolas wasn't even sure he was an Elf anymore… "Where are you! Hello? Are you there!" he shouted to the wind. He could feel the fear begin to rise up again. The wind answered. Spinning, Legolas jumped and turned in the direction he heard the laugh spring from. A cool breeze shifted along his neck and shoulders and it was all he could do not to pull his tunic closer about him for warmth. When he turned around again, the darkly cloaked man was staring at him. He took a menacing step towards the Elf, involuntarily causing Legolas to move back. It seemed that, with his immortality, his steel reserves had also fled. It was this creature , whoever or whatever he really was, that had taken his soul from him and traded it for an empty shell. The man could read the apprehension in the other's eyes and smiled. "Here I am," he said in a sing-song sort of way. "You were calling for me, were you not? You tremble, son of Thranduil. Surely yes, you feel the cold bite of the wind as you never have before, but within you I sense much more than an aversion to the weather…Am I correct… Mortal ?" "What have you done to me?" His voice came out in a hushed whisper filled with fear, confusion, and dismay. "What you wanted, Mortal." "Stop! Stop! Don't call me that!" The blonde archer was practically ripping at his hair. His eyes were held tightly shut and he appeared to be trying to block the man's voice out. "But isn't it what you wanted?" The man stepped closer, forcing Legolas to jerk awkwardly backwards, once more out of reach. His tormentor pushed on. "Isn't it what you thought of? What you dreamed of? That your best friend would be immortal and not merely human? Why? So that your selfish heart would not one day be forced to say goodbye and let him go…Is that not what you wanted? "You can't remember the return from your journey, can you, Prince ? You don't remember how noises in the night led you from your silent vigil over the slumbering man. You don't remember how the trees warned you too late or the scent of the reeking liquid that set you to dance upon the door of unconsciousness. You don't remember the knife as it cut you or the potion as it coursed through your veins. But you do remember one thing—" Here, the man blew into Legolas' face. Images—the entire event—from the first to the last of the rips he had placed in his best friend's body flew into his mind's eye. Legolas winced and began to shake violently as though a mighty tremor had taken over his body. He closed his eyes off from the outside world, but still the images were there, repeating themselves in his mind. Finally feeling overwhelmed, Legolas slid to the ground, holding his head in his hands. Realization dawned when he clearly saw the being before him in his mind. This was the creature that had drugged him, caused him to place all those grievous hurts upon the man whom was very much like a brother to him. "It was your doing! All of it! All of this !" he ground out between clenched teeth. He was in pain, whether from the memories or some other hurt the Elf was not sure, but it caused him to feel sick to his stomach. More images sprang to life within his tortured mind. Legolas squirmed as scenes flashed by quickly: a traveling party of humans, all dressed Ranger-like; a woman smiling softly down at a sleeping child, the hand of a man resting lightly and protectively on her shoulder—a man eerily familiar in appearance to Aragorn. The peaceful images shifted to men battling Orcs and women running from the sight. Even blurred as they were, Legolas could make out the sight of two Elves, identical in every way, as they came to the battle site too late. Not too late, however, to save the life of an abandoned child, tucked into the secrecy of a large flowering bush. And throughout it all, lost in the background of each passing image was a man, wicked in general appearance with an air of powerful abilities about him. Legolas knew from the first instant he saw him that it was the man standing before him now, whose face remained shielded from view. The Elf felt overwhelmed by this flowing rush of information. As his eyes rolled back and he collapsed fully and limply to the ground, he was just able to catch the man's final words: "You presented the offer. Now live with the consequences, Firstborn. Or should I say mortal?" To be continued...