ground boots with the cuffs of his dark green sleeping trousers tucked into them. Scarcely a night had passed since Aragorn arrived in that house and not heard those boots creaking upstairs or the softer sounds of the harp. To the point where he had begun to wonder if his host ever slept. Haldir was very reserved in talking about himself but the more Aragorn talked with him, the more intrigued he became. Ghosts lurked in the shadows behind the soldier's hard, guarded eyes. But Aragorn didn't have the gall to ask anything. Instead he sat back and refilled his tumbler from the carmine bottle. "What about Rameil?" he asked glancing up at the silent loft overhead. "Will we wake him?" "Oh, Rameil could sleep through a pack of wargs leaping over his head. Come to think of it I think that did happen once..." the captain looked pensive for a minute before shrugging and tucking back a few loose strands that had worked out of the ponytail he messily pulled his hair into at night. "So what keeps you awake?" Aragorn asked, taking another draught of his cup. The wine, a little stronger than he was accustomed to, made him bolder. "I am several hundred years behind in my completely useless paperwork pile." "Several hundred years?" Aragorn wasn't sure if the elf was exaggerating or not. "Laboring for hours on end, writing down things horribly obvious to anyone with a grain of common sense…To be read by no one," Haldir leaned back in his chair, gazing unseeingly at the lamp hanging behind Aragorn's shoulder. "I think I've finally decided I'm just too handsome to fill in requisition forms. It's not just." This time Aragorn really did laugh causing the elf to look round at him. "What? You don't think so?" He stood up with a sideways glare at the ranger. "At least, I don't look like a mendicant." "These are your clothes!" Aragorn protested without any real indignation, too pleased the elf felt comfortable enough to joke with him to care about the slight. "I do not look like a mendicant." "You're pouting." "No, I'm not." The young man abruptly checked himself. Hiding a triumphant smirk, Haldir picked up his sword and set it on the table with obvious reverence before retaking his seat and beginning to check it over for possible nicks incurred by its rather abrupt fall. Interested, Aragorn leaned forward to examine the blade. It was beautifully crafted. The finest steel, to Aragorn's untrained eyes, with a long slightly curved blade tapered to a tip as keen and deadly as a scythe. A filigree of golden inlay in the shape of mallorn leaves twined the hilt and smoothly sank into the deep blood channel that ran the entire length. He leaned his elbows on the table, squinting curiously at the saber. "How old is it?" Haldir glanced up at him as he ran a polishing cloth over the already shining steel. "It belonged to my very first commanding officer when I joined the guard. After he was killed, the blade passed on to the officer promoted to captain after than and so on. It has been handed down for generations from officer to officer. Even I do not know all of its history." "Like Hadhafang," the ranger murmured, meaning the relic of the Last Alliance that hung above the mantelpiece in his foster father's study. "Perhaps not quite so legendary. But in essence." The marchwarden tapped his fingers lightly over the leathern hilt as he said quietly, almost to himself. "It has seen much blood spilt. And drunk its own share." "Still," He sheathed the saber in its battered scabbard. "it cleans up well. Go on, you finish it." Aragorn tipped the last splash of wine into his mug and for a while just stared at the crimson liquid swirling in it. "You have seen a lot of battles." "You have not. What's your point?" The elf set the saber on the table between them. Aragorn shrugged still without lifting his eyes. "I have never really…aside from a few skirmishes…ever fought in a battle like…the one in the ravine. Is it always like that?" The bloody slaughter a week ago still preyed on his mind even now. He saw it still in his dreams and had waited for days to summon up enough courage to ask the captain about it. Haldir seemed to guess the younger man's thoughts. "No. Usually a lot more soldiers get killed. We were quite fortunate. Your father would probably skin me if I brought you home d—" "Don't you two ever sleep ?" a new, sleep-filled voice growled from the door. Both Aragorn and Haldir looked up guiltily as Rameil shuffled in looking disheveled and grumpy, his eyes still heavy with sleep. "'Could sleep through a pack of wargs leaping over his head,' huh?" Aragorn grinned dryly at his friend. " What ?" "It was the human's fault," Haldir immediately pointed the blaming finger at Aragorn who blustered with righteous indignation. "Wha-? Me ? I was content with being quiet. You were the one who wanted to talk all night. I'm a human. I need sleep," Aragorn said, skirting his companion who moved as if to cuff him. Rameil shook his head at the pair of them but a tiny quirk at the corner of his mouth suggested he was more amused than annoyed and the look he gave his fellow housemate was distinctly meaningful. "I don't care whose fault it was—where did you get that?" he had caught sight of the empty bottle on the table. "Goodnight!" Still laughing, Aragorn abandoned Haldir to settle with Rameil and escaped back downstairs to his bunk. He listened for a few minutes but heard no further sounds from above and as the house settled into quiet once more, Aragorn relaxed and let his eyes close. Tiredness sweeping over him in waves, he settled into now-cold sheets, wondering what the next day would bring.