and Marcus needed and had always placed the needs of her children above all else. Since Kaz was old enough to understand Ms. DeFour's sacrifice she had always held a deep respect for the woman. "Hey, Klara!" Kaz turned, having already put away her plate and prepared to go home. It was about 6 in the afternoon at this point and she wanted to sneak in a nap before she, too, had to hurry off for work. Jay stood there, his face adorned with a knowing smirk as he pushed The Lord of the Rings into her hands. "You almost forgot this." "Oh, right," Kaz replied, managing to muster a chagrined expression as she accepted the novel, "Whoops, thank you," She had not forgotten, and they both knew it. "Well, later man. It's been fun, we should do this more often." Jay's smirk transformed into a lopsided grin, "Don't be a stranger, shortstuff." As he waved her out of the apartment, Kaz's smile persisted all the way down the hall. Her and Jay knew full well that she'll see the boys tomorrow… and the day after that… and the day after that. The playful exchange, which they engaged in nearly every time it was time for Kaz to leave, was really just her and Jay being farcical. When she approached her door, apartment 303, Kaz's smile faded as she wondered whether her dad would be home. Like Ms. DeFour, her father was often out working long hours at the 24-hour gas station, Zachary's , around the block. A couple years ago he had obtained ownership of the place and now Kaz only saw him in passing, if that. She wandered into the small, two bedroom apartment complex. The apartment had the same layout as the DeFours', so Kaz had a reoccurring sense of déjà vu as she dropped the book and her crumpled bandana on the table, wandering into the kitchen and peering into the refrigerator without much expectation. The refrigerator was vacant save for a half-eaten burger from the joint down the street. Good, he ate , Kaz thought, closing the fridge door and making her way towards her bedroom. She often worried about her dad—the long hours and stress from his new occupation had resulted in him losing a dangerous and unnecessary amount of weight. It seemed that whenever she caught a glimpse of him rushing around and out the door he seemed even thinner. So whenever Kaz saw him she would often harp on him about his weight (or lack thereof). When Kaz suspected he didn't eat she would often slap a sandwich or something together and run it to him. "Just wait, Klara," her dad would exclaim, eyes bright with exhilaration, "Just you wait. Unlike 'er last owners, I actually know how to run this gas station. I'll get 'er all fixed up, hire more help, and we'll be turning profits in no time. I'll even get you into gymnastics again, isn't that great Klare-bear?" That had been a year ago, and at this point Kaz would trade all the gymnastics lessons in the world to just stop having to witness the slow deterioration of her dad. Kaz sighed, flopping onto her bed and pulling out her phone. She located the video that her and Erik shot today and replayed it, squinting at the tiny screen with a critical eye. I hesitated too long before the backflip , she thought to herself, rolling her eyes. Stupid. Looks like she won't be loading this one on YouTube. In addition, Kaz realized with dismay that the phone did not have a zoom feature. Maybe Erik would be up to helping her out again tomorrow, granted it didn't snow. When leaving, the sky seemed very pregnant with moisture and it was certainly cold enough for it. She rolled over onto her back, staring at the ceiling. One more day of work, and then she could goof off with the boys all weekend. She couldn't wait. In a sudden stab of guilt, she realized that Jay would be badgering her the next couple of days about reading that book. With sudden resolve, Kaz got to her feet and ventured back into the kitchen, snatching up The Lord of the Rings from the dining room table and flopped back onto her bed with it. Holding it out over her head, she felt very proud of herself—this was the first time Kaz had even opened one of the books Jay had gifted her with. Perhaps it was his firm insistence this time around that had finally spurred her to action. "Now what's so special about you, huh?" Kaz mused, flipping to the first page. When Mr. Bilbo Baggins of Bag End announced that he would shortly be celebrating his eleventy-first birthday with a party of special magnificence, there was much talk and excitement in Hobbiton. "Alright, that's enough!" she announced to no-one in particular, closing the book with a snap and dropping it onto her end table. Though it was only the first sentence in the very, very long book, Kaz was still proud of herself for her feat. It had been since high school since she had really ever read anything—and even then Kaz utilized sites like Sparknotes and Cliffnotes as crutches. Not that she'd ever admit it. Kaz proceeded to dump the contents of her cargo pants onto the table, removing her shoes and bra and pulling a beanie over her pink head. To conserve energy her dad kept the place chilly in the wintertime and warm in the summertime. She often woke up shivering and swore that she could see her breath, yet her dad would fervidly scold her whenever she dared fiddle with the thermostat. So, Kaz curled up-still clothed in the jacket, pants, and socks she wore outside-and set her alarm on her phone to wake her 3 hours from now. Perhaps getting a few extra winks of sleep would help her survive another night at work.