the rising moon, visible though the sun was still low in the trees to the West. His trees. He brought the sword around and took it in his curled hand. Lusis winced from nearby him, because there were few ways in which he could do that without cutting himself. She backed up a step because the furnace began to rise from steady yellow candle-flame to leaping fire, and slowly, inexorably, to starlight as he spoke in elven. None but the three elves in his company understood. They collectively took steps back from him. The sun sank deeper in the trees. The Elfking held up the sword, for it seemed lighter and lighter, as if pulled heavenward by the moon rise overhead. Its steel was brighter by the moment, until the Elfking shut his eyes, his voice echoed across the waters, and called Merilin's section from the trees. They stood on the shore to watch. The sword glided up through his hand. Lusis wasn't the only one clambering back from him. The sword had become so bright it had more in common with a fallen star than a thing of this earth, and, of course, to her dark eyes, the star inside of his chest fed that light. When the blade's tip left his fingers, the sword hovered in air above his hand. His sibilant voice was now in the water and woods, it filled the air around him with a deep music. He glowed with bright moonlight, now lit like a pillar, rather than an elf. And he opened his fingertips a fraction. The sword slammed down into the ground, and all that light, which had gathered like ice crystals in the moon, collapsed down into the King and the blade, and shot out into the ground and water. It ran out in all directions with a crack like a thunderclap. And in that sudden rush of light, Lusis saw something awful burning in the whiteness rolling through the lake. As soon as her eyes hit them, she was in a struggle to breathe, and had to fight the squeeze at her neck. But it was far, far less terrible than it might have been. The power of the King burned the worst of it away. But not all of it. The King yanked his sword from the shore and spun it in air. He had become his normal self again, but the sword was white as a lily petal when he slid it back to its scabbard. Vines of wood grew out from where the sword had struck. He walked away with them climbing higher and higher in air. Lusis followed him closely. "What was that, Elvenking?" "My will." He said. Her voice dropped, "My Lord, did you see what I did out in the water?" "Shadows standing on the waves," he told her quietly. "You saw?" "Shadows like buoys, just standing in the water." Lusis couldn't clear her head of the image. "Your light obliterated some of them, but the rest fled." "Yes," he told her. "Shadows. Shadows with the eyes of men . They did not follow us. They were already here. Someone neglected to tell us so." Kasia was in a daze when he reached the Elfking. He gestured at the silvery threads of light fading in air, "My Lord?" "I have claimed the land and water hereabouts." The Elfking told him. "I am granted not just the rivers and forest, but this lake, this land, and the leagues between here and the wood." Cardoc stood stupefied a few steps on. "That was astonishing." "I have seen astonishing things," the Elfking exhaled his prickliness, "that was not one." He passed through a very large throng of humans who didn't seem to know how to act now – not how to react to what they'd seen, or to the great pale creation that pushed through them. He found his way to a hitching post in the packed yard. He swung up onto it, and stood on top with ease, even though the top was only slightly wider than a man's open hands. "Hear me," he told the humans. "There are beasts like men abroad on the water. Creatures out of shadow and nightmare. In the day, it is possible they may be detected, but a shadow in the night is a hard thing to perceive. I suspect that this is how they took the barges in the dark. So it is my command that you depart from here, quickly. Lock in for the night and whatever sentiment you have for what has come to pass tonight, trouble me no more with lingering in this dangerous place." He stepped down and cut through the humans, a silver scythe. There was a sudden eruption of muttering in the crowd. "Gather the splinter of your section." The King instructed Merilin as the section head arrived. "We hunt tonight." "How do we kill a shadow, my Lord?" "They did not survive King's Light." The Elfking caught hold of Lusis' cloak and pulled her along with him when there was danger that town's people would push her aside. Or she would wander away. "Bring your swords to me." Inside Kasia's manor, the King laid all the swords out on the well-appointed table. Elven steel so beautiful and bright it took the breath away. He pressed the flat of his hands onto them two at a time and gave them a blessing of his grace. He circled the table to Redd's sword and replaced it with elven steel in comparable size. "It must hold my favor. Human steel is not as good for that, as elf. Will you accept this Redd Ayesir?" "It'd be an honour," Redd smiled, "as it is to hunt with you, Elfking." The Elfking handed over a sword to Redd and swept past Kasia and his Council for the night with a quick, "Don't wait up." Before they escaped into the emptying yard. Continued in Part 2. Thank you!