sat down at the bar: "And what can I do for you, sir?" "I would appreciate some breakfast," Aragorn replied, "preferably warm, if that is possible." Ten minutes later, he was being served a bowl of porridge, some bread and a steaming mug of coffee. Rumo joined him after a while: "´S been pouring all week," he observed, sipping on a mug of coffee of his own. "The roads are a mess, after what people told me." "Aye," Aragorn answered monosyllabically. The innkeeper eyed him over the rim of his mug: "You headed northwest, by any chance? I need a letter delivered, and the bloody messengers refuse to travel in the rain." Aragorn gave him what he hoped to be a stern look; he knew that the man had watched him upon his arrival, having been staring out of the small window next to the bar, whether for entertainment or out of sheer boredom he did not know, but he had not liked it. "So you have noticed that I have come from the South?" he asked, feigning ignorance. Rumo scratched himself behind his ear: "Well, people say I´m perceptive." Aragorn kept a perfectly straight face. "Where to?" he then asked. It took the innkeeper a moment to comprehend: "To my brother, Wilmo. He owns an inn in Tilling. It´s beyond the Firien Wood." "And the inn is called?" "The Stone and Tree." Aragorn nodded acquiescently: "Very well then. If my horse is recovered enough on the day after tomorrow, I shall leave and take the letter with me." The innkeeper beamed at him: "Thank you, sir, that´s good news!" Aragorn spent the rest of the day mostly in his room, mending his clothes and resting. He had no way of knowing that Fingaer, exhilirated by the information he had been able to gather, had left the inn in a hurry and was already on his way to the Great West Road, which was passing through the Firienholt, or, as Rumo had called it, the Firien Wood. The Firien Wood was also the place where Aragorn and Legolas had agreed to meet; the Elven prince had suggested this spot on the border between Rohan and Gondor. The Ranger knew that Legolas preferred a forest to any other location, especially when they could not arrange a specific date and one of them might have to wait for the other. Aragorn did not mind; he was used to being in the Wild and felt at home outside. He was actually looking forward to some fishing in the Mering Stream, which flowed through the forest; since it was raining heavily, though, it was very likely that the river might be impassable, or that the area had even been flooded. - These apprehensions were confirmed three days later, when he arrived in the Firienholt in the evening. The river had not burst its banks, but it was flowing rapidly. The ground was so muddy that Aragorn had dismounted and was leading Draumur along on his reins; he could hear the river nearby and wondered where he would find a somewhat dry place for the night. He did not bother to look out for Legolas; the Elf would find him, it had always been like that. Legolas, supremely unconcerned by the rain, was looking down at his human friend and could not subdue a grin at the sight how Aragorn was struggling through the almost knee-high mud. He would most likely be grumpy and complaining about it later, and Legolas´ heart rejoiced in the anticipation of a friendly banter; they had not seen each other for too long. Aragorn had left the road, which was a little higher up, following the river, to make his way down to the shore, probably to let his horse drink. It was a magnificient animal, Legolas noticed, dapple grey and with strong, long legs. The Ranger led it to a spot which had been smoothed out by frequent use of lumbermen, thus the water was easily accessible; Legolas could see a pile of logs up next to the road, waiting to be rolled into the water and flooded down towards the next village. He climbed over to another tree nearer to the shore, intending on surprising Aragorn, but not spooking the horse; the branches were slippery, and even a being as secure-footed as Legolas had to be utterly careful not to lose his footing. A strange sound made him halt in his movement, a low, rumbling noise which was clearly audible over the rain and the river. He looked up, turning towards its source; for a moment, nothing seemed out of order, then, as though slower than it should be, the logs started to move. One after the other, they began to roll down the slope, tumbling over roots and treetrunks, and getting faster and faster. Legolas could only watch- time seemed to have stopped, yet the first few logs had nearly reached the shore already. Where Aragorn was standing. With a cry so desperate it was almost anguished, Legolas jumped off the tree: "Estel!" Aragorn did not seem to hear him. He had turned around and discovered the danger he was in, but he was currently trying to duck away from his horse´s hooves. The poor animal was panicking and rising onto his hind legs, whinnying pitifully. Aragorn refused to let go of the reins, pulling the horse forward with all his might in order to get it to run away. The dapple grey seemed to lose his balance for a moment, then he fell onto his forelegs in a somewhat clumsy motion, so forcefully hitting Aragorn´s shoulder with his own that the Ranger lost his own balance and fell backwards and out of sight. Legolas heard himself scream his friend´s name once more; just as the horse had finally fled, the first two logs had reached the shore and were tumbling into the water, bound to hit the man. ~o~ To Be Continued ~o~ Reviews are appreciated!