her mother kissed her good night. "Yes you are. Now go to sleep, darling," Arwen whispered as she walked silently out of the room. ***** Back in the throne room, Ellethana was talking with Legolas. "What do you think we should do, Legolas?" she asked, speaking in Silvan. Legolas sighed. "You know we have to do something," she whispered. "I know. I just don't know what to do, Ellie," he replied in the same language. "I know. I do not know what we should do either," his wife said. "Perhaps we could ask Arwen what they are planning to do with Eleniel." "That's a good idea. Let's go," he said. ***** Aragorn paced the floor of his and Arwen's bedroom, talking and muttering to himself. ' He seems preoccupied,' Arwen thought to herself when she entered the room after talking to Eleniel. "Arwen." The Queen turned around to find her sister. "What is it, mellon-nin?" Arwen asked. "We need your help, Arwen," Ellie said, looking at her husband. "What you and Aragorn are going to with the Princess?" Arwen looked at Aragorn, who was still pacing and muttering to himself. What should she do? They had not yet decided what they were going to do. And she did not want to disturb him. What if he was working on his speech for tomorrow? "I don't know yet, Ellie. We haven't talked about it," she said, her eyes still on her husband. "When I came in here after tucking Eleniel in, he was like that, and I did not want to disturb him." Legolas put his hand on the King's shoulder. "What is the matter, mellon-nin?" the elf asked softly. Aragorn shook himself. What was wrong with him? Perhaps he was nervous about his speech the next day. But why? He was never nervous about things like that. "I am fine, Legolas," he replied, just then realizing that his wife was there. "Aragorn, dear, you should rest. You have had very busy day, and you have another one tomorrow. Please?" Arwen said. She looked at him carefully. His grey eyes were tired, and his shoulders were slumping. "But what are we going to do to Eleniel?" he asked. "We can figure that out in the morning when you are less tired. You wouldn't want to get sick, now would you?" she replied. He shook his head. "Excuse me for a moment while I go and make sure Estelwen is asleep." "Legolas," Ellie whispered quietly in Silvan, "we will talk about it in the morning too. It is getting late," she added. Legolas nodded. Ellie was right. The two elves bid the King and Queen good night before slipping quietly out of the room. ***** The next morning, Aragorn woke up late. Arwen was feeding Estelwen when he finally got up. "Ah, there you are, Estel," Arwen said as he came over to greet her. "Arwen, you know I do not like being called that," he replied. "I know," she said, her voice teasing. "Have you figured out exactly what you are going to say in your speech this afternoon? You haven't forgotten that it is today, right?" his wife asked. He shook his head. "No, I did not forget. And I do know what I am going to say," he snapped. Estelwen started to cry. "I am sorry, Arwen. I do not know what's wrong with me right now." "It's okay, Aragorn. I understand. You're just stressed. Maybe talking with Legolas will help you. Why don't you talk to him while you eat something, okay? I think that might help," she said. "Alright. I guess it won't hurt to talk to him. We've been friends for so long; I'm not even sure how many years it's been. I've known him since I was about ten. So that would make it…" he paused as he thought. "That long already! And to think we've been friends all this time," he muttered. "Just go talk to him, dear. I'm sure he can help," Arwen replied. ***** Legolas looked up as he heard the door open. "Ah, Aragorn, mellon-nin," he said. "Arwen told me you might need someone to talk to." "Maybe. I do not know. I am just a little stressed. I have the speech later this afternoon, and then there is everything with Eleniel and all that. And on top of that, Eldarion is going through one of those growing up stages where he is…" Aragorn stopped in mid-sentence. Legolas nodded. "I understand. I also remember when you were like that," he said, grinning. "Estel," the elf added, grinning mischievously. The King glared. "Sorry." Aragorn sighed. "That is okay, Legolas. I am tired. That is probably all." "It's not just that you're tired, mellon-nin. You are also very stressed. Maybe you should just post-pone your speech until later. Would that help?" Legolas asked. "Perhaps. But I do not know how I could do that," Aragorn replied. "I'm sure I could arrange it, Aragorn." Both the Human and Elf turned around to find Arwen. "What if I said you are sick? Because it seems like you are. Sick with stress." "Arwen," Aragorn whined, starting to complain. It was embarrassing for him to have Legolas witness their argument. "Your wife is right, mellon-nin," Legolas added. "You need a break. Why don't you go back to bed for a while?" Aragorn sighed. Legolas's suggestion did sound good. He would definitely enjoy doing that and forgetting everything he had to deal with. "I guess I will. That does sound nice," he said. "I thought so," Arwen said. "I will go out today and entertain the crowd." "Don't worry about him, Arwen. I'll make sure he gets some rest," Legolas replied. "Stubborn humans," he added, muttering under his breath. "I heard that, Legolas," Aragorn replied, glaring at his friend. "I know. I meant for you to," the Elf said mischievously. That's the end. Please review it, and let me know if you think there should be more. Thanks.