ELVES lived! I needed a while to get over this of course and I certainly didn´t have the desire to visit the elven city. I rather kept my distance and remained with Kuro in the woods. Of course, thoughts like if I landed in middle-earth appeared in my mind from time to time but I ignored them. Until the day I sent Kuro to get food and I alone went to the river to get some water. I was kneeling on the edge of the river and drew some water into my bottle until all of a sudden a noise behind me caught my attention. A bush behind me rustled for a moment. At first I didn´t think much of it but when the the noise came again I was sure that there was something wrong. My animal senses wanted me to run away, but I stayed because my pride wanted me to. "Whose there?" I said above whisper. To my astonishment a head began to rise between the bushes behind me. "I`m sorry, I didn`t mean to scare you my lady." said a deep and manly voice. The man it belonged to was rather tall with a dark brown beard and wavy hair which ended just above his shoulders. I surveyed him intensely which made him feel quiet uneasy. After he realized, that no answer came from my side, he said "I`s very dangerous for a woman to walk too deep in the woods all by herself. There are foul creatures wandering around here." "Are you referring to yourself too with that?" I asked. At first he was surprised that I actually talked, then he was confused by my reply. "Do I look that rotten to you my lady?" he asked a little bit hurt. "Never judge a book by its cover." I replied. "Should I take that as a compliment?" "I don´t know." "You are really not easy to talk to my lady…" "I get that often..." … "Nevertheless, can I accompany you back to the village?" He didn´t feel like a person who would want me bad. Actually he didn´t seem like the person who would want anyone bad. But I was really relived that I hid my ears and tale when I went to the river. He just wants to help me…but I don´t want to go to the village. "Thank you, but I´m fine by myself." I said turning back to the river to avoid his piercing blue eyes. But it was no use. I heard him starting to walk in my direction until he was standing right beside me. "I´m called strider. Believe me my lady, I want nothing bad" Damn his voice is sexy…..Wait, did he say strider…. …..fuck "Aragorn son of Arathorn….." Suddenly I realized that I said that out loud and that he now was staring at me like a maniac. "How do you know my real name?" Ok, now the situation escalated. I was walking backwards to bring some distance between him and me but he was constantly filling it. That made me feel really uneasy but I sat up a poker face. "Do we know each other?" he asked with a hard voice. Damn… "No.." I tried to avoid his eyes. "But you said my name!" "I didn´t…" Yeah, like he didn´t hear that you idiot! He now was walking faster toward me and was about to reach for my arm when a loud growl could be heard from behind the bushes and before could even lay a single finger on me Kuro jumped out of the bushes and ran towards us. In like one second Aragorn pulled me behind him, unsheathed his sword and pointed it directly at Kuro, who now was growling loudly and looked like he was about to jump onto him an rip his throat out. "Stay back!" Aragorn shouted at me his eyes not leaving the huge wolf before him. "Wait!" I tried to speak to him, but he wouldn´t listen. Just when he was about to raise his sword, I ran in front of Kuro, facing Aragorn shielding my wolf with my arms. Aragorn abrupt stopped his sword and stared at me in confusion. "He´s just trying to protect me!" I shouted at him. When I saw the Aragorn wouldn´t attack anymore I turned to Kuro and started crawling his neck. "Thanks buddy, but he won´t hurt me." I smiled at him and turned around to the man who now had a glimpse of pure confusion in his eyes. "He won´t do anything if you´re no threat for me, he just attacked because the situation became uncomfortable for me." I said trying to get through the confusion. After a few minutes Aragorn finally put away his sword and was ready to talk to me. We sat there in at the side of the river for like half an hour and I told him how I was from another world, about how I came here and how Kuro found me. I also showed him my ears and tale. At first he was surprised but he listened to me and that was what I needed the most. Finally someone who I could tell my story. "So you survived two month all by yourself in the woods?" "No I had Kuro! Without him I probably be dead by the first week!" "That´s an interesting story you got there wolf girl." He said laughing. "So you believe me?" "Why wouldn´t I?" he asked giving me a warm smile. "Thank you Aragorn, I really needed someone to believe me." "Did you tell anyone except me?" "No?" "Then how do you know no one would believe you?" "Well you heard the story, I doubt that anyone with a clear mind would buy it." "Well thank you!" He said sad looking. I was about to say that I didn´t mean it that way but by then a huge grin spread across his face and we both busted out in laughter.