and tell me you have no feelings for me," he finally said after leaning toward me again. My heart jumped into my throat and swelled, nearly choking me, denying me the air I desperately needed. I was suffocating. The hatred I felt for him was a complete sham. I tricked my own heart so that I would not have to live in constant pain whenever he showed the slightest inkling of interest toward another elleth. But I could no longer bear the strength for such a falsehood. I gritted my teeth behind my lips and stared into the sapphire pools of his eyes. "I do not like you," I said with absolute conviction because it was the truth. I did not like him…I loved him. Legolas stared back at me for a moment before the left corner of his lips curled upward. A short laugh escaped his throat. "So be it." He turned to walk away and then stopped as if he had forgotten to say something. "Now that I know you…despise me…" He walked toward me again and this time leaned close enough to nearly brush my nose with his. "Perhaps I will start whoring around in the manner you think I do." His expression turned angry upon the conclusion of his statement. For a moment I thought he was going to kiss me. His breath was warm on my face. But then he abruptly turned away. He opened the door and walked out, slamming it firmly behind him. I released the breath I had been holding and stared at the closed door for a long time, wondering if he would return. My heart was still pounding from the confrontation. Why did his presence effect me so? Why could he not effect me in the same manner as Elladan or Elrohir. They were like brothers to me. Why could I not feel the same about Legolas? I hated my feelings for him. I did not want to love him. As I turned to walk back into the bath, a knock came on the door. I quickly moved to the door and flung it open. "Legolas?" On the other side stood Arwen. "Nay, not Legolas." She walked in without invitation. "The way the two of you were clinging to each other last night, I am mildly surprised I do not find him here." I grabbed Arwen's hand and led her to my bed where I sat her down. "Arwen, what happened last night? How did I come to find myself waking in his arms? You know I despise him." Arwen sighed in a rather exaggerated manner. "Merilin, you cannot be so daft as to believe your own words. You have been in love with him since you were ten years old and saw him riding into Imladris with my brothers." I gasped. "I am not in love with him." She giggled. "I did not drink as much as everyone else. And being the only one not quite so intoxicated, I was witness to many perverse occurrences throughout the evening, including yours." "What did you see? What did we do? Please tell me." "You dragged Legolas to a corner, behind one of the tables and you both collapsed on the floor in fits of laughter." I grabbed her arm. "Wait. You say I dragged Legolas? Are you certain it was not the other way around?" "Nay, I distinctly remember you were leading the way." I groaned and covered my face with a hand. "There was kissing involved, but that had already been happening much earlier. Legolas pulled the cloth from the table and completely covered the two of you. Moments passed before your gown was flung away, followed by your undergarments." I uncovered my face and covered my mouth with both hands. "I could not see much with the table cloth covering you, but it appeared that whatever he did you found to be pleasing." I was mortified. If Arwen had witnessed it, then how many others had? "Did anything else happen?" I hoped there was no more. She looked up and tapped her chin thoughtfully. "Oh, there was one other thing. Before you both disappeared beneath the tablecloth, you shouted your love for him." "I did not!" But how could I be sure? "Did I?" "More than once and at the top of your lungs, I might add." "Ai, Elbereth!" Arwen stood up from the bed. "Anyway, the reason I came in the first place was to tell you that Aragorn and I are venturing to Lake-Town within the hour. I wondered if you cared to join us." I bit my lower lip and looked up at Arwen. "Who else will be joining?" "If you are referring to Legolas, I cannot answer. Aragorn has not asked him yet." "If he goes then I will not." Arwen threw her arms up in frustration. "You are impossible, my friend." She walked to the door and disappeared into the corridor. After she was gone, I remained standing for what seemed an eternity. Why should I not go to lake-Town? Was I not the one who suggested the excursion yesterday morning? Why should I deny myself the chance to explore the vendors and purchase things I wanted? I had heard so much about Lake-Town. Such an opportunity would not come again when we returned to Imladris. Without thinking, I left my chamber to pursue Arwen and tell her I was going, with or without Legolas. Along the way I nearly collided into Gandalf and Elrond once again. What were the chances of it happening twice in less than one hour? For me, when it came to awkward moments of embarrassment, always a good chance. "Merilin!" said Elrond. "Are you intoxicated?" "Nay, my Lord, never," I called out over my shoulder as I continued down the corridor in a rush. If this chapter stirs enough interest, I'll continue to work on this story, which won't be very long. If not, then I'll leave it alone.