campaigns, I advise we start preparations for the loading of all the ships. Loading every ship of supplies is going to take a lot of labour, and we will have to end up paying overtime, if we are to sail within the week." Imrahil nodded. He held out his arms. "You see, I am learning something new already." Agoron grinned. "I am rather enjoying this! I must make a list of all the things I can teach you - good and bad... or actually plain irresponsible. I have never met one sailor has not had an embarrassing tale to tell." Imrahil laughed. "Well then, tonight we shall go to a tavern and reminisce on all your embarrassing tales." "You will receive your fair share, make my words," Agoron replied, opening the front door. "But then again you are already turning into quite the bachelor. Tavern wenches... honestly Imrahil! I remember Finduilas telling me how much of an innocent and well-behaved man she knew you would turn into." Imrahil laughed aloud at that. "That sister of mine never ceases to amaze me. She only said that because she has never seen my... lesser qualities. Both of those sisters of mine expected so much virtue from me it makes my head ache. I am rather afraid any son she bears will turn into a prude, little lore-loving lord." Agoron's grin faded. "Is she with-child?" Imrahil blinked. "Not to my knowledge. You know, they have been married a year, and still, now babe in the cradle. I do not doubt Finduilas' fertility; we are a productive stock. Perhaps that husband of her's is unmanned." "Part of my hopes that he is," Agoron murmured. Imrahil grinned. "For the sake of peace in this kingdom, I hope he is not. Lord Denethor needs an heir. The last thing we need is for the Line of Stewards to fail also." "Then who would rule?" Agoron queered. "The Princes of Dol Amroth?" "Oh, do not even think it!" Imrahil said, dreading the thought. "I am satisfied with the idea of ruling one fiefdom, but not an entire kingdom. I could not do it. I am not the man." Agoron shrugged. "Well then, let us pray that your sister conceives." "I am sure the entire kingdom is praying for it to happen," Imrahil replied. "It is odd, though. Maybe he is too busy for the deed?" "Are you saying that a man would rather stay cooped up in an office than... than bed that beautiful sister of yours?" Agoron was shocked. "He must be unmanned." Imrahil was glad Agoron was starting to lighten up to the situation. "I am planning on visiting Finduilas after the campaign; I will ask her." Agoron stared at him. "Is this a jest?" Imrahil shrugged. "Why don't you come with me and ask her yourself?" Agoron shook his head. "No, it would bring up old feelings; ones that should forever be locked away." "Understandable. I am glad I am not in your position," he said. "If I was, I would not have acted so acceptable." "What would you do if the love of your life was given to another?" "I would never allow it to happen," Imrahil answered. "I would plead my case and make sure she fought as strongly as I would." Agoron smirked. "You have a lot to learn about love, too. Love is not easy. It can make you do foolish things." "It was foolish of you to let her go as easily as you did." "Would you call it foolish after your liege told you to stay away from her?" Agoron asked. Imrahil sighed. "No, I would not. You have a point." They had reached the docking harbour. People were hurrying about their business, birds chirped in the sky above, searching for pray. The dark clouds had covered the sky, threatening to rain at any moment. "We will not have long," Agoron said, watching the clouds. "We will find the docking master and have him draw up a list of all ready ships to be loaded," Imrahil replied. Agoron nodded, agreeing. "He can see over the loading." "Right." Imrahil rubbed his hands together. "Let us prepare for battle." "You seem excited," Agoron said, observing the young prince. "This is my first sea campaign; every Prince of Dol Amroth dreams of this moment. I am glad to have one so early in my life," he replied. "I am sure you will have many to follow," Agoron said. They walked over to a square built, stone building that had green moss growing in the cracks of the walls. Baskets – some broken, some new – were strewn in an uneven pile by the entrance. The smell of rotting fish and other seafood wafted through the dock. Trading vessels had been tied up in preparation for the storm that was about to it. A seagull was stationed on one of the baskets, a rotting prawn in its beak. It flew away as the two men approached. It flew southward, in the directed of Belfalas' coastline, in the direction of Tolfalas. A storm was brewing on the horizon, and little did anyone know, that this hazard of nature was about to change the oncoming battle before it even began. Character List: Adrahil: Current ruling Prince of Dol Amroth – Imrahil's father Ivriniel: Adrahil's oldest child – Imrahil's older sister Finduilas: Adrahil's youngest daughter – Imrahil older sister Agoron: Admiral/Commander of the Swan Fleet – Finduilas' first love and ideal marriage candidate Lord Toven: Younger brother to Lord Tarondor (Ruling Lord of Linhir) Lord Ablador: Imrahil's uncle on his mother's side Lord Glamrion: Heir to the Mayor's office in Uilben* Lord Aduialon: Glamrion's younger brother Mainion: Imrahil chief clerk (assistant) *The town of Uilben is of my creation. After studying a map of Gondor and reading up on all the regions and current towns, I have decided to come up with a few towns of my creation to dose up the amount of Lordships.