I wondered where I learned to play and where the amount of songs I knew ended. The day continued to wear on as walked not seeing a single sign of anyone having ever been here. The mountains were growing closer as the river turned towards their direction making me wonder if the river stared at the base of the mountains. When I the sun grew much closer to the western trees I decided to call it a day. Feeling defeated I wished I had something to help me like a map so I could try and guess where I was. Reaching the pool the fish guts where gone and a larger fish had taken its place. It was trying to squeeze through the hole as I noticed it. Not wanting it to get away I quickly grabbed it and through it on land. The fish was much larger than the last one there was no way I could just carry it on a stick. I attempted to Carry it alive back to my den but it kept thrashing out of my arms. Knowing it could fall into the stream and escape if I wasn't careful I decided it would be much easier to carry when dead. Finding a decent sized rock I smashed in its skull to kill it as quickly as possible there is no reason for it to suffer. Heading back I reached home rather quickly now recognizing the way with ease. I sat the fish down on a large slab of rock as I went in and stocked the fire. I needed something to keep the fish out of the fire while it cooked. Searching for anything I grabbed some more sticks and small logs for the fire bringing them and another pile of leaves inside I was able to find some thing almost flat stones. Not really sure what else to use I tried to set up the stones to they stayed firm over the fire. However they didn't like this idea and weren't nearly stable enough. Going back outside I searched for as many rocks as possible. Finding and bringing in a lot of rocks I began to line the fire with it and set then as support for the table rocks. Finally feeling that it was secure enough I brought in the fish and laid it out on the slab. Satisfied that it didn't flop over I sat down and watched the fire noticing that the sun was setting. I went out to drag the log back into place. The fish began to turn color as it cooked with a little grease pooling on the stone slab. Waiting for the fish to finish cooking I pulled out my violin and played a little. Not playing really extensive just little tunes that get caught in my head. I checked the fish by poking it with a stick to see if it crinkle. Unsure of how long it took to cook I was definitely happy when it was I pulled the hot slab off the other stones and set it on the dirt floor waiting for it too cool. Once it was cool enough to touch I pulled back the skin and began picking the meat off the bones with my fingers. This fish tasted different not nearly as good but had a lot of meat on it. By the time I finished half of it I was full. Glad for something to eat in the morning I set the fish near the fire to keep away the bugs as I put more sticks and a log into the fire to keep it going all night. I set down my coat and sweater as I rolled over wondering how I will be able to keep this up. Fish aren't just going to wander into that shallow pool everyday I need a more reliable source of food. Thoughts of how people have hunted in the past crossed my mind and the most useful weapon I could think of was a bow and arrow. But I have no idea how I would even start to make a bow I could probably make arrows easily enough they would just be sharp wood but better than nothing. Thinking about all the animals that roam about in the forest the easiest one to go after would probably be rabbits but their hard to catch with how fast they are. Maybe I could make a spear and get them that way. But I can't just abandon my search for people. I can't find anyone in walking distance and the forest is too thick for helicopters to see anything. The idea of having a giant bond fire seemed like a good way to get someones attention but I would need to constantly get wood for it and I don't have an axe to start chopping down trees not only that but what if the fire attracts unwanted attention like the creature I saw the other night. All in all it would be best to store a lot of wood and set a fire if I hear any sign of a search helicopter. I feel asleep with thoughts of food and finding people floating about in my head. End So this is my first chapter of this story. For a while this will be about her surviving in the wild but the whole her being in Middle Earth thing will be important once I have established her as a person and her ability to survive along with her hunting skills. If anyone has any suggestions or if they see some glaringly obvious grammar problems or anything like that please review and let me know. This is a first draft so I do expect some errors I was just so excited I needed to post it as soon as possible. I love to hear what people think of please let me know so I can see what direction I should go in thanks for reading.