thrust was the most severe and still unhealed. But he did not relish having to explain away the uncomfortable questions that would undoubtedly be asked later when his commander got the chance. "Are you all right? What happened?" Rameil asked, full of concern as he dropped beside his friend with Ancadal hovering anxiously behind his shoulder. The Rivendell elf's dark hair swung before his face as he examined his friend with a steady, perceptive gaze. "What's wrong?" Haldir just shook his head, willing the dark-haired warrior not to question him. He couldn't handle any questions right now; the pain was making him light-headed and he could only lean his head back against the smooth bark of the trunk as Geilrín bustled around him, gently pressing Rameil and Ancadal aside as she squeezed past them. "Here, drink this," the healer said, pressing a cup into his hand, blessedly sparing him a reply. He moved to sit up but Fedorian eased a hand under his back to keep him from straining the muscles around the wound. "Let me, mellon nin." There was a tightness in his voice that Haldir couldn't place and it made him even more uncomfortable and ashamed. But he did not move away. Quietly, he submitted to their ministrations, too drained to resist much. The liquid slid cool down his throat and left a hint of honey on his tongue to hide the bitter aftertaste of the sleep-inducing drug. Soon, he began to feel himself drifting into darkness and he did not even feel it when she began to pluck out the broken stitches. Haldir bolted awake, heart pounding and a cold sweat breaking over his brow. The lingering reflection of pleading, frightened blue eyes stayed imprinted in his thoughts as though seared there by a red hot iron. Dark shadows played about him and he rose startled to his feet only to stagger as agony jolted through his side. He groaned softly, leaning back against the massive tree trunk to steady himself. "You all right?" a soft voice asked. Haldir snapped around to face Fedorian staring up at him from the cool grass. Haldir levered himself up gingerly and reached a hand to touch the bandage around his ribs but the elf beside him swiftly grabbed his hand. "Leave it be," he advised. With a sigh, Haldir desisted, glancing around for his repaired tunic which lay beside him. Snatching it up, he hastily yanked it over his shoulders, disregarding the sharp protest of the wound in his back as he jerked the fabric over it. The movement was not lost on Fedorian whose eyes saw more than they let on. His sharp, green gaze locked onto his friend's who turned his head away, uncomfortable. "Your brothers will be happy to see you- mostly in one piece this time," Fedorian joked lightly, sensing the unease in his friend's posture. Haldir tried a smile but failed somewhat in the effect. Fedorian sighed deeply and decided to dispense with the pleasantries. "Mellon nin, what happened in Mirkwood?" Haldir would not even speak to his brothers of what had happened in Mirkwood and the only one he had dared share the terror and horror of his imprisonment with had been Legolas. And he had no intention of sharing it now. Even with his friend whom he trusted. "If you do not mind, Fedorian, I'm tired," he hedged desperately trying to avoid his friend's searching gaze. Fedorian nodded slowly, giving in. "All right. Rest easy, mellon. Regain your strength." Haldir nodded his head with a grimace and lay back down, struggling to fall back asleep. After a long, torturous hour, he gave it up for lost and stood slowly, ignoring the dull ache in his back muscles and side. He brushed aside the branches of the mallorn tree and stepped out into the cool night air. A hard knot of fear lodged itself in his stomach as he stared out at the dark trees, wondering where in the mist-shrouded night the elven traitor and his followers were now. Thranduil had granted them mercy and life- two things Haldir knew they had not earned. And they were still out there somewhere, biding their time. "You do know that being up before dawn after a battle is a bad sign?" He started and whirled round. "You are truly trying to frighten me to Mandos' Halls, aren't you?" he said. "Do you never sleep? Does your wife not miss you?" he half-scolded, half-jested, not sure which he felt more strongly. "Oh, she sleeps less than I do," Fedorian laughed with a wave of his hand. "Did you rest well?" He seemed to already know that answer as he looked into his friend's weary silver eyes. Haldir looked away with a deep sigh, knowing he was not yet ready to speak of what had happened. Some wounds were too raw just yet or too uncomfortable to speak so openly where ears might easily overhear. But, his friend did not press him and merely sat beside him in quiet companionship, seeming to understand his wish for silence. They watched as the grey watery light of pre-dawn slowly filtered through the leafy boughs. The orange sun breasted the horizon, rising to a glorious day, tingeing the cloud layers with scarlet and gold, whitening as it rose gradually higher. Haldir stood and stretched stiff muscles, a peaceful serenity filling him as he gazed upon the beauty of the golden sun darting through the silver trunks of his homeland where delicate mists clung to the still-shadowed hollows. "Thank you, Captain," he said into the silence, grateful for his friend spending the lonely hours of the darkness with him. Fedorian cuffed him lightly across the head with a soft smile. "Only on-duty, mellon nin. I am the same as ever I was." Haldir smiled in return but kept his gaze on the white stars glittering in the remaining vestiges of dark blue in the dawn sky until they faded beyond his sight.