just was really that insecure behind that stone mask of his and if that was what provoked his protectiveness. "Erestor? I told you I would never send anyone in need away. I told you, you could stay. Why did you not come to me, to ask for a sleeping potion? Why by the Valar did you force your entrance in my labour? There are reasons why only few people are allowed in there. And I am sure you knew it was illegal, stealing a key to a restricted area, mixing potions in the middle of the night." "I did not steal a key. I used a lock pick." That blunt answer earned him a snort. "I did not want you to know that I needed a sleeping potion. I promised you my condition would not hinder me in my work." He said in a small voice. "Erestor, this cannot go on like that." Elrond nearly missed the whispered plea "Please do not send me back." The lord of Imladris knitted his brow. Either the young ellon was really afraid or he was the most brilliant actor he had ever seen. The lord of Imladris observed his opponent closely. The young one's eyes were still trained on the ground and he seemed to concentrate on his breathing so as not to cry. The black waves of his hair shielded him partly from Elrond's gaze. Either way, now he had to put Glorfindel's plan into action. He rounded the desk, told Erestor to sit down and rearranged the other chair so he could seat himself directly in front of the young darkling. "Will you look at me, Erestor? When I said that it could not go on like this, I did not mean that you had to leave Imladris. I meant that you have to face the ghosts of your past. And I will help you. If you need sleeping potions, so be it, I will give them to you ... controlledly ... but you cannot take them forever." Erestor looked at him and Elrond could see the defiant expression in his eyes for only one moment before the youngster managed to hide it. "I will not charge you for trespassing or thievery, but I want you to talk to me. I am a healer, Erestor, I will help you. If you want to stay, we will meet once a week. Dírhael can accompany us, if it makes you more comfortable. Are you agreeable to that?" "Yes my lord. But I don't ... I can't ... I do not want to speak of how he … " Huge black eyes turned towards the lord of Imladris, a haunted look in them that made Elrond shiver. After taking some steadying intakes of breath, Erestor cocked his head, his face completely void of emotions as if completely detached from reality. But his trembling voice betrayed his inner turmoil. "He tied me down so that I would not be able to fight him ..." Tears ran down the pale cheeks "and he touched me and …" A quiet sob shook Erestor's small frame and Elrond slid down to kneel before the youth so that he was at eye-level with the darkling. His arms closed around him, hugging him close against a firm chest. The young one clawed at his robe, drenching his shoulder with bitter tears while Elrond silently rocked Erestor forth and back. "Hush, pen neth, you do not need to tell more now. I will listen whenever you are ready, child. You are safe now, here with Dírhael and me. And whatever you need shall be granted to you. You need but ask." Elrond was torn between relief and grief. Not only was the young one playing along without any problems, but he also could feel that he had not lied, so now Elrond knew that the youth had been truthful: he had been abused by his family. At the same time his heart went out to the elf before him. How he wished Erestor would confide in him, so that he could make sure, Erestor's family would be punished. They stayed that way for long minutes until the tears subsided and Elrond drew back, grasping the slim shoulders to make Erestor look at him. "You can decide, what you want to tell us and when and we will help you heal. But promise me, that you will come to Dírhael or me, if you have need of something, all right? "I will." Elrond smiled, the young one still looked pale and his dark eyes were red-rimmed from crying but he seemed extremely relieved also and much more alive than he had seemed the last time in his office. "Now off you go, calm my chief advisor who is probably having a heart attack outside. Come to my office tomorrow after dinner." Erestor actually smiled. Elrond was stunned how that simple gesture made the young one so much more approachable, almost beautiful; even with his swollen eyes and flushed cheeks. Eru, what was wrong with him? He was married to the most beautiful elleth in Middle Earth who had given him three wonderful children, and now he found himself attracted to an *elfling*. He would have to remind himself that Erestor was a patient, nothing more. "I will be there, my lord." When Elrond told his captain that afternoon that Erestor had told the truth, Glorfindel was not relieved, for it meant the beautiful young ellon had been at his relative's mercy for years. And although Elrond told him it would not be necessary to have Erestor observed anymore, Glorfindel decided to keep an eye on him and be Erestor's guardian for the years to come. CHAPTER END NOTES Phytology: study of plants, botany tôr ~ brother rusc ~ fox pen neth ~ young one pen dithen ~ little one hîren ~ my lord mellon ~ friend mellonen ~ my friend ellon ~ male elf elleth ~ female elf ithilion ~ moon's son