private talks had to wait. At that moment, the door to the healers' room opened and the elf lord Elrond stepped outside. His long, dark hair fell elegantly over his broad shoulders and his face seemed touched by many, long years of wisdom, grace and pride. Aragorn bowed and the hobbits were lost what to do. Hurriedly they, too, bowed their heads at Elrond. The elf lord closed the door behind him and then turned to face the ranger by his side. With a kind, gentle smile, Elrond placed a hand on the ranger's shoulder. "I am most pleased to see you have returned in good health, Estel. However, there will be no need for that, as you are well aware. Not from any of you," said Elrond as Aragorn stretched tall and smiled up at the other man. The hobbits followed Aragorn's lead and stood tall as well (or as tall as possible when one is a hobbit. Which is not very tall.) "How is he?" Sam asked and then, just to be safe, added, "… master elf." "My name is Lord Elrond, Samwise Gamgee. You need not call me by any other title," said Elrond. "Your friend is well and should soon be restored to good health. But I will not lie, the wound has weakened him greatly. There was a time I was unsure even my healing powers could restore him. Time alone can now answer for the hobbit's health." The elf lord glanced over at his daughter and fatherly pride shone in his dark eyes. "It is a very good thing, indeed, that the young Mr Baggins arrived here so swiftly. If he had arrived only a few hours later, I might not have been able to do anything for our young friend." The arcade fell silent as everyone took in the elf lord's words. "So he's safe?" asked Pippin at length and conspicuously glanced at Sam and Merry. "He will make it?" "Yes," Elrond answered with a slow nod. "Good," Pippin nodded. "I have another question…" "Go ahead and ask it, my young hobbit," Elrond assured the small hobbit. "Well, I was just wondering," Pippin began, "...if we could bother you for some food?" Sam groaned in irritation as Merry slapped the back of Pippin's head. "What? I'm hungry! " Pippin defended himself against Merry's pointed look. "I haven't eaten since yesterday. And you heard him, Frodo will be all right, we don't need to worry about him now. He's isn't going to die." The young hobbit's uplifting attitude brightened Arwen's mood. She laughed merrily and stepped over to the three hobbits. She smiled warmly down at them, a smile they happily returned. "You speak wisely, master Peregrin. Your friend is safe and the rest of you are allowed to unwind after a long and tiresome journey. Come, I will find you some food, and then take you to your chambers." With those words, Arwen held out her hand for the hobbits to follow her. They exchanged small smiles of relief at the sound of both food and comfortable beds and thanked her greatly. The four of them soon walked off the way they had come, now with more merriment in their steps. Arwen looked back as she rounded the corner and caught Aragorn's eyes. He bowed his head slightly a final time and her grin widened. Gandalf rose from the bench as he, Elrond and Aragorn were left alone in the stone arcade. The wizard chuckled when he heard the echo of Sam's timid suggestion that he'd prefer to stay in a room closer to Frodo. "Mithrandir..." The elf lord spoke. The wizard turned hurriedly to face his old friend and saw the grim expression upon his face. With a tilt of his head, Gandalf asked, "Can I see him?" Elrond shook his head and sighed. "The hobbit does need his rest and I am unsure when he will regain consciousness entirely. Mr Baggins is greatly weakened, indeed. I did not admit the full extent of it before my daughter and Mr Baggins' friends." "How bad is his injury?" Aragorn asked as he stepped closer. "Mr Baggins will survive. But his injury will haunt him for the rest of his days on this earth. I could not heal the wound of the Morgul blade completely. I do not, however, believe it will be the death of him." Aragorn nodded solemnly at this admission while the wizard hid his thoughts between an impassive wall. Silence hung over the small group for a few seconds, before the ranger broke the stiff silence. "What happens now?" "We must hold a council to decide what to become of the Ring that is now within these lands, we shall send for our neighbors and leaders among the races. Together we shall decide what to do," Elrond said and his voice darkened into a far more serious tone. Something told Aragorn it was not the last time he'd heard that grave tone. "But let's talk more of this later, Estel. Let us not concern ourselves with those troubles now. It can wait until the break of another day. Today you need rest just as the hobbits do." Aragorn bowed his head as Elrond exchanged a brief glance with Gandalf, the two of them had much to discuss later. But for now all three men agreed to let the topic rest. "Let us join our friends in their search for food, then," suggested Gandalf. It was not an invitation to eat, as his words suggested, but merely a means to get their minds of the dangers looming ever closer on the horizon. They all were aware of the darkness coming and knew that they would have to face this problem sooner or later. For today, if only for the few remaining hours left of daylight, everything could wait. Today the world was silent, waiting for the future that was sure to change it all. Please review, if the spirit moves you!