daughter at him, perhaps a gentle push. "I would be honoured making the princess's acquaintance." As Imrahil left to retrieve his daughter, Théodred eyed Éomer warily. "I doubt she will be too bad," Éomer said, shrugging carelessly. "This is your life now – having princesses at your service." Théodred coughed back a laugh, thinking of his cousin's words in the wrong context. "Honestly, no matter how appealing she is, even if she removes all her clothes before me, I could not find her appealing enough for me." "You have not even met her!" Éomer remarked. "Besides, I highly doubt Imrahil would stand by idly as his daughter removed all her clothing before you." Théodred groaned, not enjoying this rather pushed on situation. He saw Imrahil returning with a shorter, dark haired figure following. The young king felt his heart starting to beat faster, knowing he was about to be put on the spot. "Ah," Imrahil said pleasantly, seeing both men waiting patiently. "May I present my daughter, Princess Lothíriel." Out of her father's shadow she came, her hands clasped at her waist, wearing a light blue gown, trimmed in silver. As all the other ladies, her hair was neatly done up with a silver circlet tracing her forehead. "My lady," Théodred said, holding her hand to kiss it. "It is an honour to finally meet you." Lothíriel curtsied deeply, her head bowed, but raising it to meet his eyes, as she stood straight once more. "I thank you, Théodred King for having me in your presence." That sounded rehearsed, Théodred thought to himself, keeping his features smiling. "This is my cousin, Lord Éomer of Aldburg." Théodred frowned himself when he saw small frown lines appear on her features. He turned and noticed Éomer gaping – not rudely – but in a way a man did when he was at a loss for words. "My lord," she said, curtsying again, but not as low. She fidgeted with her hands, looking up at her father for approval to continue speaking. From his nod, she spoke: "I have heard so many wondrous tales about the two of you from my father and brothers. All speak so... kindly and praise all your skills as riders and swordsman. It is... exciting to finally meet the two of you in the flesh." Exciting to finally meet? Théodred knew she was not lying by the glee in her dark eyes whilst she talked. So far, he would not call her shy as Amrothos had, but she definitely stuck to the rules of formality. Pretty too, Théodred thought, vaguely tilting his head to the side. She had beautiful round eyes, shaded in various greys, her skin was a milky texture with a hint of light brownness to it, and her lips were at full bloom too. Appealing, very appealing. She appeared delicate, but from the way she stood tall, her hands firmly clasped, he could sense strength within her. Théodred noticed Imrahil watching him observe her; he smiled consciously, noticing that Éomer had finally found his tongue and had struck up a conversation with the princess regarding Rohan and Gondor's culture differences. That was a conversation Théodred had gotten over with a long time ago. So far, it was the main topic between the soldiers of Gondor and his riders. How long would it take everyone to get the culture differences out of their systems vocally? "Théodred King." Lothíriel's voice drew him back to reality, "are the dances of your people different to those we are witnessing tonight?" Théodred blinked hard, having not payed any attention to the dancing. He turned around and saw two lines of people, one of men, another of women, dancing gracefully. Théodred could not help but chuckled aloud. He turned back to his companions, facing Lothíriel. "Forgive my amusement, my lady," he began, finally able to suppress his laughter. "But the dances of the Mark are more informal and lively." Lothíriel nodded. "I shall very much enjoy having the privilege to experience one of your people's dances, my lord." Théodred smiled at her. "If your father is gracious enough to accompany you to the Mark, then I will be more than pleased to show you the steps." Lothíriel beamed with delight, sharing a smile with her father. Théodred continued. "But for now, I would ask for your hand in the next dance, Princess." Lothíriel smiled shyly, placing her hand lightly on his. "I would be honoured, my lord." Well, he thought to himself. He may as well get it done and dusted. Whilst waiting for the next dance to begin, Théodred glanced to the other side of the hall and noticed her. It was pretty hard not to notice her, for she was the only woman in the hall and probably all of Gondor itself to be standing in front of a large crowed with her hands on her hips, her stance hard, her eyes glaring out at the dancing. Théodred could not help but smile at her posture. She was dressed probably in her finest gown – a woman of nobility – and yet there she stood, not giving a care in the world that the people beside her were appearing quite uncomfortable in her presence. "Who is that young woman?" Théodred murmured into Lothíriel's ear. Lothíriel gave a small appreciative smile. "That is Lady Míria of Pelargir; she is of... obscure stock." Théodred smiled tightly, refraining from laughter. Obscure stock in Gondor? Who would have thought! ... Author's Note * Faramir's speech is taken from The Return of the King, Chapter V: The Steward and the King. Please be aware that I have cut it short, and changed some lines around to make it more original and not entirely plagarised. No copyright infringement intended. Fact: Rohirrim is Sindarin for 'People of the Horse-lords' and was used by outsiders. The name they had for themselves was Eorlingas, after their king Eorl the Young who had first brought them to Rohan. Lady Demiya