defended himself with one of his blades and slew his enemies with the other. Andrial uttered a spell and smote the ground with her staff, causing the orcs nearby to stumble and fall and she leapt upon them, stabbing and slashing them with here long knife. With the sound like a fire burning up and going out, they heard the wards fall behind them and the sons of Elrond turned, stringing their bows and fire arrows swiftly and skillfully. The orcs fell before them and corpses began to pile before the mighty warriors, causing the assailants to stumble. Suddenly, Beleram landed on the orcs like a bolt of lightning, smashing them with his powerful wings and slashing at them with beak and talon. They scattered as rats do when a cat jumps into their midst. Before long, they had fled back the way they had come. After thanking the eagle the, the warriors entered the citadel and he took to the air. Inside the innermost keep was cold and smelled of mold and rot. No orcs assailed them for a long time. Silently they slipped from hall to hall, from stair way to stair way. After nearly an hour, they were near the throne room of the fortress. From the door, they heard voices. "Why am I being disturbed, Tharzog? Did I not command you to defeat these upstarts?" said the voice of a man. The reply was that of an orc with a deep and gravelly voice, "I have sent my warriors against them but they are slain. These enemies must be powerful indeed." An angry grunt was heard and then a deathly quiet voice. "I am returning to the top of this tower. You had better bring these warriors' heads to me or stand ready for forfeit your own." The five hidden listeners heard heavy boots retreating and the sound of an orc bellowing commands. The elf twins turned to their companions, saying "We will go to the top of the tower and face Agandaur. Keep the orcs away and try to slay their captain." Then they turned and ran down another hallway. Andrial, Eradan and Farin burst into the room with a shout. A group of large orcs were in their and a massive brute stood at the foot of some stairs. He was not a hobgoblin but Tharzog was a great orc, the chieftain of Mount Gramm. He roared and the orcs in the hall converged on them. The orcs attacked with angry cries of hatred. Farin rushed towards Tharzog, crushing any who stood before him. Eradan and Andrial stood back to back, killing any who came near them. Before Farin got to him, Tharzog blew a great horn, calling all the orcs in the fortress to him. The dwarf attacked with ferocity that matched the bloodlust of any orc. His hammer rose and fell as he battered at his foe. But Tharzog was a large orc, powerful and cunning. He dodged to the side and blocked the dwarf blows, returning each stroke with a mighty counter. Suddenly, more orcs of all kinds began to poor into the hall. Soon the three were hard pressed to defend themselves. With words of power, Andrial thrust here staff at first one group and then another, sending them sprawling to the ground while Eradan fought madly to slay those on the ground. There backs were against the wall of the chamber. Farin saw his friend in their plight and his wrath grew. With the war cry of his people, he renewed his attacks, driving Tharzog against the wall. With a powerful blow, he shattered the orcs great sword and then stove his head with one final strike. Seeing their chieftain crumple to the ground, the other orcs cried out with dismay and fled, leaving the three companions. None were seriously hurt but all had small wounds which they ignored for the moment, rushing up the stares. When they reached the apex of the tower, they saw the twin sons of Elrond were near death. Elladan lay on his back defenseless and Elrohir was held by the throat of a tall man. Tall as Eradan he was and covered from head to toe in black robes and dark steel armor. On his head sat an iron masked crown. Eradan and his friends leapt forward with cries of rage. Seeing them approach, the tall man released his hold and ran to the edge of the tower and leapt off. They followed him just in time to see a great creature like a massive naked carrion bird fly away with Agandaur on its back. "We will never catch him now." said Eradan. "But I may!" and Beleram swooped over head in pursuit. With baited breath they watched him fly, gaining on the fell beast the bore their enemy. Suddenly, dark clouds formed and lightning flashed from the sky. It grew so violent that Beleram was forced to dive and give up his chase. When he landed on the tower top, he shook his head gravely. "It is no good. I cannot make it through such fell sorcery." Andrial stroked his plumage, saying "It was a valiant effort, my friend." "We must return to our father and bring him the news." said Elrohir. Elladan could not speak for his throat was nearly crushed by Agandaur. Andrial gave him a small flask and said, "Drink it all slowly and your speech should return and your injury be healed." Eradan said, "We will see you in Rivendale. First, I must check on my kinsman for I hear that they are camping at Sarn Ford." Beleram nodded and said, "I must return and report this to my king. Farewell my friends." "Farewell wherever you fair. Until your aeries receive you at your journeys end." said the four companions who were capable of speech together. Elladan bowed with his right hand over his heart. The great eagle took off and the five warriors descended from the tower.