caught a sword across his back and upper arm. How Gimli had not seen he would never know, but then he had also been grieving and in shock. Now Legolas could buy himself that time to heal. He lowered himself into the bath with a sigh. The water felt good against his muscles, he relaxed back. The water was soothing and some of the weariness seemed to flee his limbs. Now that he had relaxed he was not sure he could move again. Legolas closed his eyes. If he could stay like this, Estel would still be here. Still be with him... Slowly the water turned colder and he had to move. He could feel the chill growing around him so finally he pulled himself up and began to wash properly. He could not fully reach the wound on his back. The soak would have to do. He stood and swiftly dried himself noting with disinterest that his hands were shaking once more. He then pulled his pack towards him. He had a small reserve of healing herbs in there. He carried them as a matter of course when he was out in the wild. There was still enough hot water left to mix some pain-killing herbs. That would also help to fool Gimli. He used his meat knife to pare the herbs and then mix them. Some he left to one side to mix in the water. Then he pulled white cloth out of the pack to use as bandages. He cut it into strips and then quickly spread it with the paste and bandaged the wounds as best he could. At least the paste would help the linen stay in place. Then he did the most sensible thing. He washed his tunic, made certain the stain from the blood was well out. He had a spare shirt he could wear until this one dried. Gimli would think nothing of it. Once finished he brushed his hair thoroughly getting rid of the knots that a night of tossing and turning had caused. He then braided it as normal. So normal, it was as if nothing had changed and yet... nothing was the same. He drank the bitter herbal tea without even grimacing. The wet tunic over one arm, he left the chamber. "Where have you been?" Gimli growled as he opened the chamber door. "Bathing, mellon-nin, as I told you. Are you ready for some food now?" He turned bright eyes towards the Dwarf, who turned a suspicious eye to him. "It is here. I thought you might prefer it to eating in the hall." Gimli felt something very wrong was happening here. "Hennad, Gimli that would be perfect. I am hungry." Much to Gimli's astonishment, Legolas proceeded to clear his plate in short time. Never had he seen the Elf eat this quickly! "I am going to go for a ride, Gimli, would you like to come?" Legolas was still bright. This was not the grieving Elf of earlier. He was about to answer when a knock sounded at the door. "Enter!" Gimli growled, not taking his eyes off the Elf before him. Legolas meanwhile had stood and spread the undertunic out over a chair before the fire. He was careful to keep the cut in the cloth out of sight. He would need to sew that up later when Gimli was sleeping. "My Lords, Théoden King has asked for your attendance at meeting. He expects you within fifteen minutes in the great hall." The same girl who had helped Legolas last night was before them. Legolas turned and flashed a warm smile at her. Her dazed smile back made Gimli smile. "You look much better, My Lord." "Thank you, I feel it." Legolas replied. "We will attend Théoden King. Thank you for conveying the message." She bowed and left the chamber. "Come, Gimli we have a meeting..." "Wait just one minute!" Gimli reached out and grabbed at the Elf, catching his hand. "We need to speak about Arag..." "Later, Gimli we do not have the time to discuss this now." He gently extricated his hand and made to leave the chamber. "I will hold you to that, Laddie. How long have your hands been that cold?" There was real curiosity in Gimli's voice. He had never known Legolas to be this icy cold. "Just now, Gimli. I washed my tunic before coming here. Why all the questions?" He pulled Gimli out of the chamber and down the hall. They were heading towards the main hall and the audience with Théoden. Gimli was huffing behind him and Legolas was enjoying teasing him when he saw the man before him. He knew it! He knew the Orc had to be lying. There was no mistaking the wavy hair, the way the man was striding. Estel was here! Legolas forgot all about Gimli, all about Théoden. All he could think of was Estel and the fact that he was alive once more. His friend was here! Alive! Such joy, such wonder! "Estel!" He ran after the man, ran and caught him just as he got to the main doors. Caught him and pulled him around and into a hug only to find that the person he held to him was not Estel, was nothing like Estel. His heart dropped once more, crashing to the ground like a stone falling from a mountaintop. His hope was shattered. "Legolas!" Strong hands caught him as he fell. "Easy, Laddie I have you." Worried brown eyes looked down at him and he managed to croak. "Gimli?" Before darkness descended... -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- To be continued. Well, that is the first chapter finished. This story happened because my PC crashed and I was left with nothing to do and no way of getting to my other stories to continue with them. Don't worry they are not forgotten. Please let me know what you think? My other stories will be updated daily now... See you soon! Love, Shell