but Faramir insisted, "T'was a brief illness. It passes." Faramir made as if to stand. Madril and Damrod grabbed him by either arm and helped him to his feet. "We feared for your safety, my lord," Damrod explained, still looking worried. "We called to you, but you would not wake." "I..." Faramir's gaze went distant, and he seemed to stare at unseen sights. How could he explain what had transpired, while they'd slept unknowing all around him? I can scarce believe it myself. Finally, he assured, "Worry not. I am well now." Madril peered intently at his young captain, clearly suspecting there was more going on than Faramir wished to discuss. But he only gave a dry half-grin, and suggested, "Perhaps you had some bad food, Captain." Faramir, grateful for the diversion, smiled faintly in return. "Perhaps." Irolas looked suspiciously towards Damrod. "It was your turn to do the cooking last night, was it not?" "No, it was Mablung," the other retorted. "And like as not he'll poison the whole camp ere long." Madril snorted at this prophecy, and shook his head in mock sorrow. "My advice, Captain? Find yourself a wife who can cook. Else these louts will put you in an early grave." "Enough, all of you," Faramir ordered; but there was no anger in his voice, and he smiled as he spoke. "Go, make ready to leave. We have a long day's march ahead." The others bowed and made their farewells. As they left, Faramir heard their footsteps grow faint, and the sound of conversation faded away. He waited one, two, three heartbeats. Then his eyes wavered shut and he staggered sideways, collapsing against the wall. Breathing hard, he braced himself upright against the cold stone, his head swimming with exhaustion. A fine night's rest, indeed, he thought wryly. A march to Harad and back would seem a comfort after this. Thinking back on the night's strange journeys, he could hardly begin to make sense of it all. But there was one truth he knew for certain; Boromir was alive and well. Faramir knew this beyond any doubt, and no longer thought to question why. Though it still tore at his heart to be separated from his beloved brother, he accepted that for now, at least, they each had to walk a different road. However, it still seemed he'd been left with more questions than answers. With a heavy exhalation, he turned and pressed his back against the wall, pondering in silence as his strength slowly returned. What was the meaning of the dream that had plagued him for so long, and the horrific visions it had spawned? Who were the strangers in his vision, and what was the terrible power each had claimed for his own? Or, Faramir thought with a flash of insight, that had claimed them? He remembered his vision of Boromir returning to Gondor...not in triumph, but in darkness and despair...and felt a chill in his bones at the memory. Isildur's Bane... Somehow, Faramir sensed that the recurring dream had served its mysterious purpose, and would trouble him no more. For that, he supposed he should be grateful, at least. And perhaps the answers would come to him, in time. He stood up from the wall, tucking in his rumpled tunic and running his fingers through his hair. As he prepared himself to depart, he tried to set aside his musings and focus on the day ahead. But as he strapped on the last of his Ranger gear and fastened his sword belt, he hesitated. Slowly, he drew his sword from its scabbard and gazed at it in silence, tilting the blade to see his own reflection in the shining steel. Unbidden, the elf-woman's voice returned to him: Perhaps you are not yourself...not yet. Faramir lowered his gaze. "Then who am I, my lady?" he quietly asked. He had finally acknowledged the power within himself, yet he was still uncertain of what it could do, and whether he could control it. It had taken him places he'd never imagined, shown him things he could barely comprehend. He'd stood on the plains of Mordor and fought unseen at his brother's side, spoken with an Elven queen and seen the Eye of Sauron himself. And he had done battle within the mind of a deadly foe, gazed into the blackest depths of an evil soul...and had seen his own soul reflected back. The sword quivered in his hand as he clenched his shaking fist ever tighter. I fell so easily , he thought, his heart crying out with guilt and self-loathing. How then can we be so different? Did that hatred, that darkness, belong to that filth of Mordor... ...or did it belong to me? With a surge of anger, he tore his gaze away and sheathed his sword in a violent motion. No more doubts, he ordered himself, flinging on his cloak and tying it at his throat. Everything was clear to him, now. Mordor must be destroyed. By any means, by any method, no matter the cost. He grabbed up his quiver and bow, strapped them to his back. Boromir would take any risk for Gondor's sake. I can only hope to follow in his footsteps. Faramir stepped forward as if to exit, then hesitated. Deep in thought, he stopped and ran his hand along the curved stone wall of the doorway, then glanced back into the small room. For a moment, his eyes reflected the anguish within his soul. "You were right, Father," he said in a toneless whisper. "You were right all along." Then his face set in an expressionless mask. Faramir turned and strode from the room without a backwards glance. He had made his choice, set himself on a path from which there was no turning back. Some hidden part of his soul hoped that one day, he would see the truth beyond the lies...even, perhaps, the lies he told himself. But for now, he could not see it.