his back, scattering around him. Yes , the voices of the wraiths assured, it is useless to fight. Give in to us, and your death will be quick... Some of the arrows, fallen too near the torch, began to smolder and flame. The Elf's head snapped up. He looked down at the wraiths, who paused in confusion below him. His eyes narrowed. He smiled. His movements almost too fast to follow, Legolas grabbed up a handful of flaming arrows, leaped to his feet, fitted them to his bow, and fired. The arrows struck home, burying themselves deep beneath the cowled hoods with a dull thwock . Twin screams rent the air as the wraiths' heads jerked back, the flames spreading across their featureless faces, lighting the frayed ends of their cloaks. Legolas set more arrows alight, and fired again and again, without mercy or pity. The arrows whizzed through the air, embedding in his enemies' chests, in their limbs, in their heads. The Nazgûl whirled and thrashed, shrieking so loud the very walls of the fortress seemed to vibrate. Shadows whirled and danced along the stone walls and twisted hunks of metal as the flames spread, growing higher. The foul air grew thick with rancid smoke. His arrows spent, Legolas slung his bow across his back, then crouched and launched himself forward in a flying leap. With both hands, he grabbed hold of a thick, heavy chain that dangled from the ceiling, his body snapping back and around in a circle as he wrapped his leg around it and began to climb down. As his feet struck the ground, one of the flaming wraiths, maddened with agony, stumbled blindly in his direction, slashing the air with its blade. Legolas ducked the blow and cast his gaze around the fortress, now lit with a brilliant hellfire. He saw the five passages that led into the interior dungeons. One he'd already come through, and knew he could not return that way. Three the Nazgûl had used to enter, and he had no wish to follow those back to their source. That left one. He whirled in place and sprinted for the door, leaping over obstacles that barred his way, his lungs burning from the smoke and stench. As he ran through the tunnel, the light of the inferno grew dim behind him, fading to black. The crackle and roar of the flames, mingled with the hideous shrieks of the Ringwraiths, faded into silence. He heard only the beat of his own footsteps, striking a rapid rhythm against the stones of the floor, and the sound of his own breath, coming fast and heavy as he ran through the darkness. Legolas ran for what seemed like an eternity, the tunnel gradually sloping upwards. The close-laid stones beneath his feet grew uneven and jagged, catching at his ankles, threatening to trip him up. He could barely make out a faint light, far ahead. Dangling spiderwebs brushed against him, clinging to his skin. He drew his blades without pause and cut them aside. The light was closer now, a pale, dim radiance. He was almost there... Almost before he knew what was happening, Legolas was out of the tunnel, out in the open air, beneath the trees. He gasped in relief and joy at his freedom, slowing his pace, then stumbling to an exhausted halt. Legolas sheathed his blades and drew a deep, grateful breath, gazing in relief at the trees that surrounded him, then turning his gaze towards the sky. The light from above the spreading forest canopy was faint, a dim blue radiance. The air was cool and filled with the scents of green, growing things. Night has passed, he realized. It is nearly dawn. He'd never been so grateful to see the sky and the trees, to breathe the free air. Wearily, he rested the palm of his hand against the nearest tree and leaned against it for support, his head hanging in exhaustion. Rather dryly, he thought, I should look a fair sight, were anyone here to see . Here was the Prince of Mirkwood, his garments rent and dirty and bloodstained, his face and hands spattered and streaked with blood. Picturing the looks on the faces of his kin should he return home in such a state, Legolas almost laughed out loud. He could hear the soft murmur of a stream, not far away. Although uncertain of where he was, it would be easy enough to follow the water upstream until he came to more familiar surroundings. He felt a sudden longing for home. The night's ordeals had tested him beyond all reason. His knees and shoulder ached, his muscles throbbed with pain, and he couldn't recall a time he'd last felt so weary. But at least he knew the pain was his own, and no one else's. The memories that had assaulted him were fading away, vanishing like morning mist in bright sunlight. Legolas was grateful to know his thoughts were his own again. But still, he was saddened by the fate of those he'd left behind. He turned and looked back at the mouth of the tunnel, shadowy and vacant in the dim morning light. His eyes were sorrowful as he asked himself, Could I have done more to save them? Although he knew in his heart that he could not, the knowledge brought him little comfort. He bowed his head. Perhaps, someday, one mightier than himself might come to throw down the walls of Dol Guldur for all time. But for now, he could only continue the fight against the evil of Sauron, as best as he was able. He raised his head, and his gaze was clear and sure. "When the Enemy is destroyed," he promised softly, "then you will be freed. This I promise you." As if in answer, a faint breeze stirred the leaves overhead, then was still. Legolas stood in silence for a moment longer. Then he turned away, and headed for home.