a faint, self-mocking smile. "Oh...yes." He spoke almost nonchalantly, as if he'd been reminded of an insignificant fact which had briefly slipped his mind. "I've been poisoned." And with that, he collapsed. -- Time passed around him as he drifted between waking and sleep. Finally, Boromir sensed it must be morning; he could see bright golden light seeping under his closed eyelids. Tossing fitfully, he felt blankets move across his skin. He felt weak and exhausted, and his entire body throbbed with pain; his head pounded and his stomach twisted with hunger. He considered all these things, and concluded they were a fairly good indication that he was still alive. Yawning, he stretched, then gave a grunt of protest as the action strained the sore place on his side where he'd been kicked. A familiar voice, dry and rather unsympathetic, remarked, "So, it seems you're still with us, then." It was his brother. Vaguely, Boromir wondered why he couldn't see him. Then he remembered he'd yet to open his eyes. He did so, and immediately squinted them shut again at the bright sunlight. He was in an unfamiliar bedchamber, most likely in the Houses of Healing, though he had no memory of having arrived there. The bright rays of the morning sun shone in through the window to his right. Faramir stood near the foot of the bed, beside the wooden door, calmly regarding him. But the younger man looked drawn and haggard, as if he'd not slept for some time. "I would say you look well, brother," Faramir observed, "but that would make a liar of me." Boromir pushed his hair out of his eyes, and managed to prop himself up on his elbows, the bedcovers falling down his bare chest. Voice raspy from disuse, he asked, "How long have I slept?" His brother gestured towards a table that lay beside the bed, on which was placed a pitcher of water and a goblet. Chagrined by the way his hands trembled from weakness, Boromir filled the goblet and began to drink. As he did, Faramir answered, "You've slept but seven hours...and four days." Boromir sputtered and choked, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, then fumbled to set the goblet back on the table. "Four days ?" he coughed. The young man smirked at his elder brother's discomfiture. Then his expression grew serious, and he looked away. "At first we feared you would not survive the night," he confessed, his voice growing quiet. "You were feverish, ranting..." Boromir went rigid at this. "What did I say?" Faramir shrugged. "Nothing of sense." He didn't understand why Boromir was so alarmed, but let it pass. "We brought you here as quickly as we could." Then his mouth set into a thin line as his tone grew cold. "Father has given the healers no rest since you arrived. It will please him to learn that you are well." "Mm." If Boromir was aware of the bitterness and self-mockery that underlay his brother's words, he gave no sign of it. Shaking his head wearily, he observed, "Not so well, as yet." Running a hand through his hair, he winced as his fingers made contact with the bandaged cut across his forehead. "That may leave a scar, I'm afraid," Faramir observed. Then he added, "But it should not unduly diminish your appeal to the women-folk." Boromir gave a skewed expression at that, though not for the reason his brother might have guessed. Lying back with a sigh, staring up at the ceiling, his face became pensive. "I have had strange dreams, I recall. The sky grew dark, there was thunder, and a voice spoke to me..." "What?" Faramir's response was abrupt, almost sharp. "Have you also ...?" He cut himself off, looking uncomfortable. "Let us not speak of such things," he concluded rather lamely. "You need rest." Boromir shook his head and sat up again, pushing away the covers. "No." He swung his legs over the side of the bed, preparing to stand. "I must see Father. I believe there is..." He trailed off as if in doubt, then said with conviction, "There is someplace I must go. He will not agree to it willingly, but...I must persuade him. Much depends upon it; I know that now." Faramir didn't look convinced, but nodded. "As you wish. The choice is yours. As always." He watched his brother rise from the bed, waver slightly, then steady himself and stand fully upright. "And Boromir?" "Yes?" "Put some clothes on." Boromir looked down at himself. He paused. Then, with great dignity, he turned and got back into bed, sitting down and pulling the covers up above his waist. Casting an appraising glance around the room, Boromir observed, "It appears my garments are not here." "It appears not." "Might I ask when they will be returned?" Faramir's expression remained neutral. "At some point." "Ah." Boromir glanced to his right, and noticed the goblet of water. Matter-of-factly, he said, "I confess, I feel a terrible urge to throw this at your head." "Mm." The corners of Faramir's mouth quirked in a dry smile. "Then may the people of Minas Tirith sleep safe in their beds, knowing their greatest champion never gives in to his darker nature." With that, he gave a mocking half-bow, and turned to leave. He reached for the door, and... With a loud crash , a half-full goblet of water smacked into the door, inches away from his head. He flinched violently, then paused. Slowly turning around, he regarded the silent figure on the bed. Boromir appeared not to have moved from his place. He gazed slightly off to one side, attempting to look preoccupied, as if absolutely nothing had happened. However, he was clearly fighting off an incipient smile, and having limited success at it. Faramir regarded his brother impassively for another moment. Then he stifled a grin of his own, turned and walked silently from the room, and closed the door behind him.