disbelieving that Aragorn would come to him with any other reason then to condemn him after his confession, foolhardy though he knew it was. But Aragorn did not leave him, nor was any of his actions anything but of tender gentleness. Pulling one side of Legolas' cloak from the elf's grasp the man unfurled the thick folds. He wrapped the part he had taken around his own body to starve off chill, and then leaned up against Legolas' side with his head on the elf's shoulder. He waited a few moments before seeking out the elf's hand with heavily bandaged fingers, holding it tightly as he embraced the elf with his other arm at the same time. "Would you have followed instinct rather than heart, would actions have cost my life, yours, or both of us together... without hesitation I would forgive you," Aragorn told his friend. "You are my friend, thickheaded and stubborn and proud though you may be... and I value you as I would the brightest star on a night of adversity." Legolas began to weep harder, his head moving to either side in debate, questioning the words Aragorn said and whether he should move farther away, but his friend... his friend... would not let him go; and the vow he made did not fade away but rang forth with vivid clarity. Legolas felt far too drained, physically and emotionally, to really try, and after a few moments he did not desire to. Finally, he knew Aragorn would never let him leave. So, instead of recoiling from the man's hold, the elf prince allowed himself to be pulled even closer, his head falling to rest close to the man's, suddenly wrapped up and protected in another's full embrace. Burying his face into the man's dark hair, Legolas let the wavy curls catch his bitter, harsh tears that soon gave way to grief and pain; such dark, soul shadowing pain. And Aragorn wept with him. But to let go... to abandon all defenses and just let go ... it was like a healing balm of hope in and of itself. Slowly the elf began to relax and allowed the ranger to hold him without any fear. And in that moment there was no one in the world who knew Legolas as well as Aragorn. "I do not deserve your forgiveness," Legolas whispered at some point, somehow still resisting the man's affection, somehow still doubting the man's love, yet wishing, knowing he needed it more than anything right now, when all else was crashing down and exploding in front of his eyes. Aragorn felt the elf's conflict, understanding the hurt and the fear. For fear of what he thought to be losing someone he cared for, he squeezed Legolas gently, letting his hand settle on the elf's shoulder and his fingers move in soft circles. "You deserve a friend. No matter the wrong, you are my mellon , and even if the earth conspire against me I would never leave you comfortless and alone. I know who you are inside." He swallowed, holding the elf tighter for a moment, as if he believed the touch would better enforce the words he said. "And I will not I let you believe the untruths that say you are anything less than the strong, vibrant being that you are." Silence reigned for an unknown time, during which the cave became quite silent save the sound of hitching breath and another reassuring all the while, letting the one who listened know that what he felt was not an unworthy burden... nor was he an unworthy burden to bear. The murmuring voice slipped in between Common and Sindarin, but at times it did not sound like either, nor any other known language. The ranger just spoke, at times hardly even paying attention to the things he said, rather working to infuse life and love into his voice that the elf once knew, that he may recall it and let it again enter his soul. Some time later, Legolas stilled his breath and fingered the makeshift bandages on Aragorn's hand, while his eyes lighted on the deep, large bruise forming over the left side of the man's jaw. He trembled, his lip quivering and his eyes filling with fresh tears. "You took these because of me." He whispered, his head bowing forward in guilt and shame. "I am sorry, Estel." Aragorn only smiled; not a happy smile, but a smile nonetheless. He touched his face where he could feel it swell and merely shrugged. "A small price to pay for the value of what was given in return. I am not," his hand again lighted on the elf's cheek, brushing tears away. "And never will I regret." Legolas was silent for a long time, and slowly his arms wrapped around his friend's waist. Finally, looking up at the man who held him so close and so willingly partook in his grief, he finally whispered, "How long have I searched for you? So many nights of prayer and fear, and now I feel more peace than I have in many long years." For the first time since their unexpected reunion, Legolas gave Aragorn a smile. "I found my friend. And somehow I knew that if I found you, I could learn to sleep again." OoOoOoOoO " ... Yet I still reach up And somehow I feel you take my hand In darkness I search for the light And while I try to find myself You don't let me fall." I started the next chapter! It will supposedly be the last for this story; I should have it up by next week if all goes well. It's not nearly as long as this chapter (at least, it isn't at the moment – who knows what a few more editing sessions will come up with!) but it'll give a bit more closure. Thank you all for your wonderful reviews, you are wonderful people. See you all again soon!