speak of." "It was settled only a few years ago." Sitting back on her heels, she watched him uncertainly. "My name is Adhel." This brought his sapphire stare back upon her, though his expression was now unreadable. "What year is this?" Frowning, Adhel curled her fingers into the folds of her robe. "It is the sixteen hundred and ninety-ninth year." When this information was met only with further silence, she shifted uncomfortably beneath his gaze. "Please, I would like to help you if you will only tell me who you are." "Glorfindel," came the eventual reply, void of emotion. "Glorfindel," Adhel repeated, breath hitching as she took in the flower upon his chest and the golden hair with renewed astonishment. "But you…" trailing off rapidly, she flushed. This was all far too much to take in. "I will go find help." "Wait." The sudden urgency in his tone caused her to pause despite her reeling mind. "Idril and her child. Can you tell me what happened to them?" Swallowing back her mystification, Adhel gave a nod. "They escaped," she assured him. The steep slope his shoulders took on as he lowered his head spoke to the relief he must have felt at accomplishing this one last task, and her heart softened towards him in accordance. She may be shocked and at a loss as to his unusual return from the Halls of the Waiting, but she could not even begin to imagine what he must feel. "They escaped because of you. Eärendil went on to wed Elwing, granddaughter of Beren and Lúthien, and together they had two sons. Elros and Elrond," she explained in quiet tones as she regained her feet. "I am most sure Lord Elrond would be pleased to speak with you." "Forgive me," he responded this time without looking up. "I need a few moments." "Of course." Adhel hesitated. "You are sure you are alright?" Drawing a leg in, he pushed himself up from the ground with much more ease than she would have expected from one whose appearance spoke of such hard wear. "Evidently so," he confirmed, fingers flexing experimentally. "Then I will wait and bring you to Lord Elrond when you are ready." Taking a step back from the imposing figure he cut, she made her way across the glade and onto the path to give him the privacy he wished for. If he was uninjured as he claimed, then she could think of no other to bring him to than Elrond. The sun had only just crested the mountain peaks to the east and she hoped that she would not have to disturb the Elven Lord's sleep, but this was a matter she thought he would wish to be apprised of immediately. Glorfindel's tread was light, but she did hear his approach before he stepped onto the path. The cloak that had hung from his shoulders in tatters he now carried draped over one arm. "This way," Adhel offered as she turned to lead him to the palace, retracing the steps it now seemed she had taken far longer than only an hour before. A companionable silence carried them the entire way, each lost to their own thoughts. When they reached the Southern Wing where Elrond kept his chambers, Adhel was not surprised to be admitted without question by the two sentries posted in the hall, as she once may have been. Her time spent in Imladris was still tormented by her guilt and the toleration she was only barely accorded by its residents through Elrond's openly close friendship with her, but it was at least more bearable than it had been upon her first night spent in the newly formed settlement only two years before. Though each of the sentries eyed the golden warrior who came in her wake with unease, they did not protest against his presence. Casting a glance over her shoulder, she was again struck by the noble bearing with which Glorfindel carried himself so effortlessly in spite of the battle scarred armor he wore. His every movement was graceful, yet not without purpose, and he paid no heed to the magnificence of the palace which surrounded him. She supposed he had seen its equal in Gondolin, which was rumoured to have been of stunning beauty during its time. She felt her cheeks flood with warmth when his eyes met hers and she was caught watching him. "I am sorry…" she murmured. "For who are you named, Adhel?" his even voice inquired as he steadily returned her gaze. Taken aback by the question, she groped for the proper response vainly. "I am not sure if I am named for anyone." "Not for your mother, then?" "No." Adhel wanted desperately to break free of his stare, but found herself helpless to turn away from the seemingly depthless blue of his irises. "I did not know her." "And your father?" he continued on while their paces slowed, clearly bent on a more satisfactory answer. "Adhel, I had not expected to see you so early," Elrond's warm tones interjected before she was forced to reply. Glorfindel's consideration was drawn in the direction of the dark haired ellon, and the two elven lords surveyed each other with blossoming interest. "By the Valar…" she heard Elrond mumble under his breath, his focus never straying from his golden counterpart. Worrying her bottom lip, she compelled herself to speak up. "I came upon him unexpectedly in the glade not far to the north. He says he does not believe he is injured." Her duty in bringing Glorfindel to Elrond done, Adhel felt keenly out of place standing between the two in the hallway. "Shall I go see rooms prepared for Lord Glorfindel?" "Yes, Adhel. Thank you," came the Lord of Imladris' distracted assent. Dipping her head respectfully, she hurried away as quickly as decorum and her sleeping robes would allow in utter mortification. A/N: So that's it for Chapter 1, please let me know what you think!