he is moving swiftly between Faramir's spread thighs, almost looming over him as he presses closer. Faramir grips Eomer's strong arms, and for a moment wonders that he feels no fear, only nervous excitement at what is about to happen. Eomer moves closer again and brushes a soft kiss across Faramir's mouth. "It will burn at first," he whispers, and Faramir has only just understood the words and nodded, when he feels it. Tension floods his body, and he takes a deep breath, fighting to ease it. Eomer has gone still above him, his eyes on Faramir's face, and Faramir turns his head away slightly, the blush rising in his skin, because the intimacy of the moment feels almost overwhelming, when he feels so breached and stretched open, his thighs spread wide around Eomer's hips. Then Eomer moves forward again, his chest pressing against Faramir's, and his lips moving on Faramir's throat, and suddenly the tension in Faramir is gone. He slides his hands along Eomer's back and presses his face into Eomer's shoulder, gasping against his skin. Eomer's hands slide under Faramir's shoulders, gripping him firmly as Eomer's hips begin to move against him with more force. The burn is gone now, replaced with a full pressure that rises throughout Faramir's body. His shaft, which had softened, is now fully hard again from the friction of Eomer's stomach pressing against it as he thrusts into Faramir's body, adding to the building tension. Eomer is deep within him now, his body pressing Faramir down onto the bed, and Faramir feels almost as if he is melting into the fur beneath his back. His hands hold tightly onto Eomer's arms and he tries not to dig his fingers into the flesh there, as the waves of fine tremors begin to run through his body. Eomer's lips are moving against Faramir's ear, his low voice uttering words that Faramir cannot focus on, but the sound of it grounds him and finally he is able to move, his arms winding around Eomer's shoulders as his hips begin to meet Eomer's in a matching forceful rhythm. Eomer groans, and then finds Faramir's mouth with a kiss that is hard and harsh, bruising against Faramir's lips. Faramir moans into it and then again louder when he feels Eomer's hand slide between them and grip his erection, stroking it only a few times before Faramir lets go into an intense climax that leaves him gasping and shuddering in Eomer's arms. Eomer moves against him for a few more moments and then there is one last, hard thrust and he holds himself deep inside Faramir, trembling, as Faramir grips him tightly, wanting to keep him there as long as possible. They are still for many moments before Eomer finally relaxes against Faramir, and then eases away. Faramir grimaces, both at the loss and the burning sting as Eomer's shaft leaves him, and then blushes as Eomer presses a quick, apologetic kiss to his lips. Eomer settles at Faramir's side and slides a cloth through the mess on Faramir's stomach, and then slips it down between his legs as Faramir shifts uncomfortably, but the cloth is damp and soothing against his skin and he finds himself grateful for it. Faramir stretches, yawning widely. He doubts that he has ever felt so relaxed in all his life and when Eomer moves closer and grins down at him, Faramir returns the look with a sleepy smile. "I think I have exhausted you," Eomer says. Faramir raises an eyebrow. "It's been a good, long ride," he says, and then grins when Eomer laughs. He yawns again, his eyes growing heavy. "Sleep," says Eomer, brushing his lips against Faramir's shoulder. "I must go back to the hall, but I will send food here for you." Faramir nods, his eyes closing. He can hear Eomer moving about the room, but before he hears him leave, he has already drifted into a deep sleep. When Faramir wakes, moonlight is shining through the still unshuttered window, filling the room with a dim, glowing light. He can feel Eomer beside him, and can tell by his breathing that he is asleep, so he moves gently from the bed and quietly across the room. His stomach feels hollow and he is relieved to see the platter of bread and cheeses, and the bowl of fruit on the table and settles down to a welcome meal. It is very quiet, no sounds drift through the window, and he wonders what time it is, guessing that it must be not long beyond the middle of the night. After he has eaten, he goes to the window, and leans forward to look over the city. He winces a little at the soreness in his body, but it is the soreness born of satisfaction and he cannot regret it. The moon gleams over the houses of Aldburg, almost like a pale road, leading to the great gates and beyond, and all seems peaceful. The unfamiliar town intrigues him and Faramir is looking forward to the morning when he go down and explore it, learning its habits and its secrets. Soon, he will be a part of it and he has a feeling he will belong here in ways that he could never have belonged in Minas Tirith. Behind him, there is a break in Eomer's steady breathing and then the sound of restless movement. Faramir turns, and sees that Eomer is now leaning up on one elbow watching him, his hair falling down his shoulder. The moonlight falls on Eomer's face, and Faramir's heart leaps as his breath catches in his throat. He suspects that he knows what this feeling is, and while it is still too soon for the words of love to fall between them, he knows that it will happen in time. Eomer lifts his arm, reaching for Faramir, and Faramir moves forward, takes the offered hand and slides between the sheets into Eomer's warm embrace. The End.