companion. The day she died, father had cursed at me in his pain for interrupting him and demanded that I leave his presence, not to return until I had a useful problem for him to solve. I escaped to my room as quickly as I could physically run, only stopping to finally bolt my door, fall amid my pillows in privacy and softly water them with my tears. My body jerked, my stallion stumbled, one hoof nearly colliding with my ribs. I could sense it close even though I could not see. But he righted himself without injury to either of us and started forward again. Knowledge of my horse faded away, leaving me alone in a field of memory. It was not my father who later had come to give of his comfort. It was Boromir. Passing by my room he heard my muffled cries. Without thought he dropped all he had been doing and picked the lock to my door. Without a word he entered, bolted the door again, pulled me out of my pillows, gathered me up in his arms and held me, cried with me... for a measure of time I will never know the length of he comforted me. Never have I cried so hard, nor have I slept so deep since then. I do not believe I ever shall again. I was drawn back to that speech about Osgiliath when the memory left me. But suddenly, he wasn't talking about the once great fortress anymore. No; the name, however so beloved, drifted away from the replaying speech. Pitch and tone did not change, but the words spoken did. My own name surfaced into his voice. "This man, once a jewel of my family; a warrior of strength, and devotion, and servitude, and so he shall be forevermore! My brother, Faramir,has been reclaimed – for Gondor! For Gondor! For Gondor!" The words were like molten fire across my senses. They brought me back to myself, for a moment I could again make out the sounds of my stallion, and farther off, noise of the gate rising. Could it be? Was I still meant to live? Was my brother protecting me even after his death? My memories of the outside world are fragmented now, but I will tell what little I remember. A cool hand touched my forehead, small and gentle. A cry, whose words I could not make out though I knew they concerned me. My body lay against something great in quantity, hard and brittle on my smarting wounds. I was drenched in something foul-smelling and slimy, reeking of another death that waited for my mortal ties to come within reach once more. I had winced, unable to move and shake away the feeling. An angry roar of another stallion, not my own. Sudden warmth, and a roar I recognized to be the sound of fast-spreading flames. Suddenly, I was falling, landing hard on a stone floor with a much smaller body colliding into mine moments later. The impact sent me reeling and for a moment I feared it would tip my consciousness over the edge to oblivion, but rather, it woke me up. Finally, I could again open my eyes. There was fire where I was, and the form of a familiar person caught in the middle of its writhing, angry control. Though I could physically show no reaction beyond moving my head to the side, within I was badly shocked. Father- FATHER! What happened! Father? Father... The look in his eyes confused me. A gaze I had not seen graced on me since before my mother passed away. One of fear, and regret, and... pleading? But before I could look farther, the flames had reached his skin. In his fatal pain, he fled. Again, I felt a tender hand touch me again, redirecting my gaze away from my father. I accepted the touch almost gratefully. It was Pippin, and behind him, standing next to a great white horse, stood Mithrandir. The wizard looked so tired, so old, though I knew his age was beyond my comprehension. Though I could barely control myself, there must have been some terror in my eyes, for the little hobbit studied me fearfully, taking my hand. I had no strength, none to tell him I was fine or to reassure him that I did indeed live... though I doubted myself at the moment. Pippin again placed his hand on my forehead, and I knew his touch from the time I was barely coherent and sudden realization hit me - he must have remained close to my side since the time of my return. After a few moments, he smiled shakily in relief, sensing something that let him know... "You live," he said, as though saying the words would reinforce them deeper into both his mind and my own. "You still live." My eyes slid shut. I felt strangely content. Why did I? Parhaps for the first genuine concern someone had so openly shown me since the time of Boromir's departure to Rivendell, parhaps knowing I could let my guard down and let someone take care of me now... parhaps. Slowly, I had nodded my head. Thank you, Pippin. Yes, I did live. To understand what all these events meant to me took a great amount of time, but now, finally, I am at peace. Now, I live. It was not until much later that I found out what had really happened that day. It was the telling of that story that caused me to again remember all else. So now you know, even if the telling was short and fragile. You know. But now, there is one last thing I must say at the close of this tale, but it will not be to you, dear reader. Something I have considered and pondered, and now can say with perfect clearness of mind. Father, you are forgiven... for everything. Brother, I now know where you are. The End