collars and hoisted them up and out of the way as Legolas, Gimli, and Sam crashed through the chairs they had just been sitting in. "Woah!" Merry yelled, flailing for purchase. "Eeek!" Pippin squealed, scrabbling to grab hold of Gandalf's arm. "Don't drop me, Gandalf, please! I'm afraid of heights!" "What are you doing to my little ones?" Boromir suddenly appeared from seemingly nowhere to snatch the hobbits away from Gandalf, sending a suspicious glare at the exasperated wizard as he did so. "There, there, you two. I've got you. It'll be alright... I think... Now, what in the name of Gondor is going on?" Pippin pointed blankly out into the hall. The elves and dwarves were fighting. Hot, hard, and heavy. In the mistaken belief that Gimli and Legolas were engaged in a battle to the death, each side had drawn arms and fists to aid their respective brethren. "What's the matter, Frodo lad?" Bilbo asked innocently as the young hobbit shoved him under a table. "Is it time for the fireworks yet?" "It is not Midsummer, Bilbo!" Frodo screamed in exasperation, debating on whether or not to wedge in beside the older hobbit. "Just sit quietly and maybe they won't notice you! Oh, dear, I have to find Gandalf! He'll know what to do!" With that Frodo scampered off into the crowd, leaving one very confused Bilbo Baggins under the table. "Wait, Frodo! When are the fireworks going to start?" "This is utter madness," Haldir muttered, doing the army crawl across an open space. "I told that fool little Silvan elf. 'No good will come of it,' I told him, but did he listen? 'Never trust a dwarf,' I said, but nooo ..." Elladan, Elrohir, and Rumil chose that moment to reenter the hall, a snow-white doe deer on a silken lead between them. "Merry Yule, baby sister!" the twins cried. "Merry Yule, Lady Arwen," Rumil grinned from behind them. Arwen stared from where she was trying to pull her very enthusiastic husband away from the fray. From across the room she took in the sight of the chaos in the hall, and then the three young elves and the gift they had brought. Her lip quivered. "You found me a white doe! I have always wanted to see one! Thank you all so much!" Leaving Aragorn to his fate, she dashed over to hug, not her brothers, but the deer. Which was terrified beyond all reason. As the Evenstar fell to her knees beside the animal it gave a tremendous jerk that freed the halter rope from Elladan's hand. In a twinkling it was off and lending to the general air of madness as it bounded through the hall. "Someone catch her!" Arwen cried. "She will hurt herself!" As it turned out, Sam was the one the deer nearly hurt. The portly hobbit had climbed to the top of Elrond's favorite chair to keep out of the way. He clung there worriedly, listening to Elrond just below him sob into his hands. "My hall... my beautiful, beautiful hall..." Suddenly, from out of nowhere, the doe appeared. She landed smack in the lap of the Lord of Rivendell, flipping the chair and sending Sam flying. Aragorn saw the hobbit go sailing by. "Grab him, Haldir!" he cried. Having no other choice, the Lorien elf leapt from the tabletop where he had been mercilessly whacking a random dwarf with a candelabra. Intercepting Sam in midair, he diverted the hobbit's flight path from the hearth, and the burning Yule log thereon, slightly sideways. Seconds later, both Sam and Haldir touched down in the center of Galadriel's illuminated pine. Candles flew to all points of the compass, several coming to rest in the festive garlands that had been hung from the ceiling. In moments, they were alight. "Ah, at last. There's the fireworks." With immense satisfaction, Bilbo watched the ceiling burn. "Spectacular. Just like old times. Happy Midsummer, everyone!" "Hey, Gimli?" Legolas suddenly looked up from choking his dwarf friend in cold blood. "Yes, laddie?" Gimli gritted out, pulling the elf's hair ferociously. "I just realized. I feel fine! Maybe that nasty medicine worked after all!" "That's wonderful! I told you it would work. Now put up yer dukes before I pull yer pointy little ears off!" From the top of the staircase, Eowyn and Faramir, newly removed from the healers' hall, watched the show. The kicking and the punching. The screaming and the crying. The spilled food and the spilled wine and the admittedly smaller amounts of spilled blood. The flying elves and the flying dwarves. The burning fireplace and the burning tree and the burning ceiling and the burning of Gandalf's new hat. Elrond, curled in the fetal position under the table, the deer standing concernedly over him, laughing hysterically. Faramir, the fire reflecting in his eyes, whimpered in alarm and pointed nervously at the fighting. Eowyn chuckled, buckling on her sword and shield in preparation for joining the battle. Leaning forward, she kissed her husband's cheek. "Merry Yule, sweetheart. I won't be but a moment." Then she ran down to join the fray, screaming the war cry of the Riddermark. O.O.O.O.O Outside, snow was softly falling. Stars were twinkling through stray gaps in the clouds. Away in the stables, the horses and ponies pricked up their ears and nodded knowingly to one another. Happily, they touched noses in celebration. It sure sounded like a merry Yule to them. Happy Holidays, one and all. O.O.O.O.O The end. o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o (2 nd ) Author's Note: Your Author is currently in a state of shock. In fact, she was so surprised by the keeping of her promise to post this holiday one-shot before Christmas Eve that she fell comatose off her swivel chair. Nevertheless, she wishes all of you the happiest holiday of your choice you ever did have. Now, if only she can be motivated to finish some of her other stories hanging in stasis... Hope to see you all soon!