down the hall, hoping they weren't too far from his room. He wasn't much of a healer per say but Thranduil did the best he could without getting anyone else involved, cleansing the wounds was no mere task as the deeper of the cuts kept draining the life from the other. He managed to stop the flow long enough to apply some herbs and wrap it before continuing with cleaning the rest of the marks. Now the other is resting peacefully in his bed, changed into a set of Thranduil's smaller robes until he could take care of the ruined clothes now stained in Alagoron's blood. The king can't help but perch himself at the bedside of the other, his hand finding its way to the other's bandaged arm, gently massaging it in hopes of speeding up the healing process to no avail but the movement is comforting for him at least. He ponders how long his quiet storm has been trying to deal with this darkness on his own, when he had turned to such a harmful way of coping, and why he hadn't noticed the other's pain until now. Even now, long after the bleeding has stopped and the other breathes easy, he finds himself unable to rest as his thoughts run turbulent through his mind. Thranduil tenderly lifts the elven man's hand to his face, nuzzling his cheek against the slender digits despite the blood that still stains them. He didn't care in those moment lingering at the other's bedside, all he cared about was that his friend, his beloved, was alive. He shudders at the thought of what may have become of him if he had been a moment slower or hadn't heed the word of his son on the matter. The very thought of losing him in such a way causes great pain to his heart but none greater than the pain of him being so blind to the other's deep pain that he tried to fight with physical pain. If he had only noticed sooner, he could've saved him from marring his own flesh for any sense of relief. Thranduil is distracted from his thoughts by the gentle caress of fingers against his cheek, the gentle sensation of a thumb rubbing under his eye. He opens his eyes and looks up to find the calming gaze of stormy blue eyes staring back at him, cloudy with confusion and worry. Even after being so close to embracing Iluvatar, the other still worries about him in this most dire of times. He finds himself unconsciously leaning into the touch of the other, relishing in the fact that the other was awake at last. "My king…" His voice is soft and raspy but he still manages to smile despite the other being able to see the heavy sorrow and fatigue in his eyes. How did he manage to have enough will to remain strong in his presence? "My quiet storm…" Thranduil murmurs "you've always been there for me when I've struggled with my inner turbulence. Yet you were fighting your own deathly gale to remain strong beside me. I wish I had known to give you the support you've bravely given me when you had so little to spare." Alagoron weakly chuckles, his thumb now rubbing gentle circles under the bright blue orbs he has become so fond of. "I'm the one who should be apologizing." He murmurs. "I didn't mean to go so far. I guess the shadows of my past were stronger than my will tonight of all nights." A tear manages to escape the younger elf, the first Thranduil has seen from the other in years and he quickly wipes it away, letting his hand rest against the other's cheek as he speaks. "Of that, I'm glad." His eyes lock with the stormy pools before him, feeling his own tear sting at his eyes. "Please don't leave me, my quiet storm. I couldn't bear what remains of my eternal life without you beside me as you have been for so long." "I didn't mean to, my king," Alagoron's voice quivers as he speaks "I would never wish to hurt you in a such a way but" he grips at his chest with his other hand as hot tears spill down pale cheeks "this abyss in my heart seems without any end. I've fought away from it for so long though it continues to swallow me, leaving me with little choice but to fall into it. Now I'm not sure if I can ever escape it." "We can and we will," the Elven king states, drying the other's tears with his sleeve "if you'll let me walk with you into this abyss and help you pull away from it." The other glances away, unsure of what to. The older elf boldly climbs into the bed with the other, pulling him into an embrace with his chin resting on the other's head. "I've sensed your pain for many months now, our connection from our youth becoming strong as before we parted and perhaps even stronger now." Alagoron looks up at the other in confusion and is surprised when his king gently kisses him on his brow. "Our bond is something I have come to cherish, Alagoron, and I wish for nothing to shatter that bond, even death." He takes his friend's hand into his own and brings it between them, peppering kissing along the bandages and back up to a lingering kiss on the other's palm. "I know you feel that strength between us as well, so let me help you. I've lost many others already to the cruelty of this world even my once-beloved and I refuse to let it take another from me." Alarogon meekly smiles and nuzzles into the neck of his king, feeling his tears stain the other's robes but reassured by the other pulling him flush against his body. "Of course, my eternal spring. Let us endure this dark gale together."