I can't go out like a normal person. I have to hide behind sunglasses most of the time. And sometimes I simply mess with someone's mind so that it seems to them that I have normal eyes. But I can't do that all the time, it makes me feel so… so… I don't know. I guess I all I want to feel normal. Be among people who are like me. Who know what I'm going thru. Like that Gambit-guy, he of all people should know how I feel.' "How long does it take to drive there?" "It's outside New York, so it takes quite a while to get there," he said. "Oh, okay. Then I guess I should take a shower first, and then we can go. If it's alright with you that is?" she said feeling unclean and hoping that the shower would help ease the dizziness and nausea that she felt as well. "Yeah, of course you can. Gambit and I will pack our things meanwhile." Iris grabbed the bag she had dropped when she had walked into Gambit and walked back into the bathroom. She took out her shampoo and turned the water on, a bit warm so that it would help her muscles relax a little more. She stepped out of the shower a while later and put her clothes on. She picked another pair of black pants, a tight red top and a loose net-like sweater over it. She combed her hair and stepped out of the bathroom. Wolverine was in his room packing and Gambit sat in front of the TV. He was wearing his trench coat and has a pair of sunglasses on top of his head. Under the trench she saw that he was wearing something black, but she could only see a little from where she was standing. She later saw that it was his suit, and that it was electric blue and fuchsia as well. He watched her as she came out and told her to sit down so that he could clean the wound again. She did as she was told and sat down, waiting for him to take her old bandage of and replace it with a new one. He took out a cotton wool and soaked it with an antiseptic liquid. "This will sting a bit, mon ami," he said leaning closer to take out the dirt that might have found its way in to the wound. Iris flinched as Gambit started cleaning the open gash. The bleeding had stopped and the blood had dried. Then he took out some bandage and wrapped it carefully around her head. The strong smell of the antiseptic made her only dizzier and she once again felt like throwing up. However, she repressed that feeling. "There, now it's done," Gambit said leaning back from her and standing up. He turned around and packed the things he had used back into the first-aid kit that was placed on the table. "Thanks," Iris said in a rather low tone. Wolverine came out of his room with a bag of his in his hand and waked over to the front door, where he picked up what must have been Gambit's bag. "Are you done?" he asked opening the door. "Oui. We just finished up," Gambit answered putting on his sunglasses. Wolverine stepped out of the door and walked over to the trunk of the car and put his and Gambit's bags in there. Before he had the chance to even reach the car he heard Gambit calling for him. Wolverine walked out and Iris grabbed her bag and stood up to follow him to the car. Halfway across the room her feet failed her and she swayed and would have hit the ground had it not been for Gambit. He caught her in his arms but she seemed to have fainted, but that was till he could feel her body start trembling. He called out to Logan for help. Logan came running thru the door within seconds and was meet with the sight of Gambit holding Iris in his arms. She was shaking and the shakings became more and more violent. He bent down and they both tried to hold her body down and stop the shakings. A muffled scream was heard from her throat and slowly grew louder. At the same time a white light appeared and the surroundings became hard to see, it looked like a fog had materialized around them. The background faded to nothing but white and Iris let out a scream from the intense pain that was going thru every inch of her body, it was a cry from the bottom of her soul. The pain slowly vanished and her body was once again limp. Her scream had left Wolverine's and Gambit's ears ringing, but that was the one of the last things they thought about right then. Wolverine was the first to look up while Gambit checked her for a pulse once more. "She's got a stable pulse now," he said still looking at her. He removed some hair from her face. "Where the hell are we?" Wolverine asked no one in particular. Gambit looked up at this. "What the…" They were no longer in the little house, but in a snow drift. *^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^ A/N: Hope you liked it! It took me a while to write it, but it's worth it if you liked it. =) *picks up an old watch from a hidden pocket and starts dangling it* You are getting sleepy. Your eyes are getting heavier. You are sleepy. You will press the purple button. It is your best friend. You MUST press it. You WILL press it. Till we meet again, remember that I'll update depending on how many reviews I get. Nah I'm only joking, but the reviews will help me by giving me inspiration, letting me know that there are people out there who enjoy what I do and what I've written. =o)