is to make sure those beasts never touch foot in the Mark again," he spat. "I will do whatever it takes." "How will you do that if you are dead?" Thorongil replied solemnly. Éomund lowered his eyes but took the sword by the hilt as Thorongil gave it over. "Who does this blade really belong to?" "It belonged to my older brother," Éomund replied as he handled it thoughtfully. "Was it your brother who should have been here fighting rather than you?" A shadow passed over Éomund's face and his straight back faltered. "Orcs slew him near the East Wall three summers past." A bad job, Thorongil thought. The first of three raids on the herds occurred three years ago by orcs coming from the Emyn Muil. He'd spent the spring teaching the king's son combat and lore, but after the recurring attacks, Thengel granted him permission to scout the borders with one or two other men. "I'm sorry." Éomund shrugged, but the flush creeping up his neck into his cheeks belied his indifference. "I'm a rider. I can fight." He said gruffly while squaring his shoulders again. Thorongil knew that stance. "Look, no one will doubt your courage because you follow the rules and keep yourself safe." "I don't care about danger, master scout," Éorlic's son snapped. "I'm not just some farm lad who woke up one day and decided to play the warrior. I trained for this long before I reached the age to enlist." There was a time for argument and a time for silence. Judging the latter to be the case, Thorongil inclined his head and took his leave of Éomund of Eastfold. … Thengel was still scrubbing the runes etched on his blade dry of blood when Thorongil approached. The king used a fine linen handkerchief and his thumbnail – a habit for those accustomed to luxury, the scout thought. "Ah, Thorongil. I wondered if you'd turn up," the king quipped, his expression wry. "We found some orcs for you." Thorongil stopped a few paces away and tried to think of a reply, knowing that he should have found the orcs before they had a chance to attack. Instead, he just bowed his head. Thengel laughed as he sheathed his sword and thoughtlessly stuffed the filthy linen into a vambrace. "So they found us first. It's of little matter. Here I was starting to think you were invincible, and that sort of thing makes a king nervous. With all this damn rain it's amazing that you'd find anything." "Brorda and I picked up their tracks on the west bank of the Isen." Closing the distance between them, the two men clasped each other's wrists. Thorongil smirked. "We would have come sooner, but some of them drowned in the crossing, and I figured you'd have the rest well in hand." Thengel laughed at the jest, and waved his hand toward the bonfire. "As you can see, we made short work of those who survived the river." "The filth nearly made short work out of young lackbeard there." He pointed toward Éomund. "Saexburga saved his life." Thengel grunted. "Never leave a shieldmaiden at home. That lad is a piece of work, and he knows better than to ride with us before his training is complete. I learned that he came disguised in another rider's armor." "His brother's." "I see." Thengel folded his arms across his chest. "My captains didn't notice until after we'd left the Hornburg. By then it was too late to send him back alone, and we couldn't afford losing men to provide an escort." He shrugged and let his arms fall back to his sides. "Best to let the boy have his fight, I suppose." As they spoke, one of Thengel's senior riders approached Éomund, leading Lightfoot, the King's mount. By the looks of it, Cenhelm proceeded to give the youth an earful. Enlightened, Thorongil replied, "So, Éomund of Eastfold truly is a new recruit? He seems a bit young, to my mind." "Aye, he joined the Muster of Edoras two weeks ago. Just sixteen last fall," Thengel said with an exasperated sigh. "Éomund Éorlic's son is as headstrong a wight as ever tasted blood." "Why doesn't the boy serve under his father?" "Éomund started in his father's eored, but the lad is a spitfire and overconfident due, no doubt, to his father's status. I've taken him on as a favor to Éorlic. The boy is choleric by nature, anyway, and he does like to jump onto the horse before it's saddled, as the saying goes. The senior riders found him a bit tiresome." The king grinned. "Another hotspur, you might say." Thorongil grinned back. "You will keep him in his place after this?" "He has a good grooming arm, I've found." Sure enough, Cenhelm had left Lightfoot with Éomund, who busied himself with rubbing down the horse's foam-flecked coat. Thorongil had to admit that he admired the young man's tenacity, no matter how ill-advised his actions might have been. Conversation ceased between the king and the scout, as he gazed west toward the Misty Mountains. With uruks from the west and orcs from the Emyn Muil, the Riddermark certainly had need of riders like Éomund of Eastfold. Thank you, Deandra, for beta! I really made you work on this one. :0/ And special thanks to Vilwarin for sharing her knowledge of OE with me. Eorlic is most grateful. AN: Hotspur refers to the epithet given to Thengel during his rather explosive youth in an unpublished story of mine. Also, Thengel is considered to be the First Marshal (a role held by the kings until Theoden fell ill), and the Westfold is under the surveillance of the Second Marshal. Due to rising attacks on the Westfold, the Second Marshal's men were guarding the Fords, where they believed the uruks would logically choose to enter the Mark. The King's muster out of Edoras arrived to reinforce the Westfold eoreds and defend the northwestern most settlements.