anyhow? Was he hunted for his wealth? Did he have enemies there who had chased him away? Perhaps he had broken their laws, and been banished, although that hardly seemed likely. He said he had once been close to getting married. Perhaps his lover had jilted him. Denethor shook his head. Thorongil did not seem much like a lovelorn fool either. Of course, there was the possibility that the man was completely false . . . As Denethor worked through the puzzle of Thorongil, his head began to throb and he put his hands to his forehead to still the feeling. Soon, he became aware that the other man was watching him with some concern. "Do not fear, Thorongil. I am not about to go into a swoon. In fact, I feel quite well." The other man smiled, and then shrugged and fell silent. Denethor watched him carefully for a few moments longer. "Thorongil. Is that really your name?" Thorongil seemed nonplussed. "Why? Is it not a good name?" "It's a fine . . . that does not answer my question." Denethor said, with some exasperation. "Is Thorongil your real name?" The other man shrugged. "Some people call me Thorongil, yes." "But others do not then? What do they call you?" Thorongil gave Denethor a look of annoyance. "What does it matter, Denethor? You call me Thorongil, and I answer to it. Is that not all there is to a person's name?" "No. A man who lives his life under a name that is not his is not to be trusted." "Oh? So I'm not to be trusted then?" Denethor shrugged. "I know nothing of you. You could be a thief, a common cutpurse even." Thorongil laughed. "You think I'm a cutpurse?" Denethor scowled in response, although he had to admit that nothing about Thorongil made him think of thieves and cutpurses. "No, not a cutpurse. For one thing, a thief would surely dress better than you do." Thorongil smirked at this, but then turned away, and said nothing more. Denethor did not want to let the matter go though. Not now, when he was so close to getting Thorongil to at least admit to a falsehood, if nothing more. "So you admit then that you are living your life under a name not your own?" It was Thorongil's turn to scowl. "It is my own name . . . I just want to know why you think I am not to be trusted." The man seemed hurt, as if he'd been accused of a grave and terrible crime. "I say it again. I know nothing of you . . . nothing save art . . . and foolish hope." "Foolish hope?" At this, Thorongil laughed out loud, but there was something else in his voice that Denethor had not heard before. "There is no art. I am whatever you see before you. What you do not know is not worth knowing." "If it was not worth knowing, you would not hide it so resolutely." Thorongil said nothing, and got up and walked away. He returned a moment later. "It will be daybreak soon. If you are well enough to walk, we will make for Osgiliath. We can ride back to the City from there." "Why do you return to the City? Are you not here on an errand for the Steward?" "An errand? No. Why would the Steward send me to Ithilien?" Thorongil looked at Denethor with a look of mock confusion, and then laughed. "I am far less amused than you are, Thorongil. Why don't you tell me of the errand?" Thorongil shook his head. "If you were meant to know, you would know already. And as for Ithilien, that was not part of the errand." "Then why are you here?" Thorongil laughed. "I will tell you later. But first tell me, what is on the underside of the bridge?" Denethor grumbled. "Let us go now. I grow weary of the present company, such as it is." Thorongil seemed about to say something else, but instead, he simply nodded and stood, beckoning Denethor to follow. An hour later, they found themselves at the garrison in Osgiliath. The men were undoubtedly curious about what Denethor was doing there, and how he had become injured, but they said nothing. A man brought Denethor a horse from the stables. He had told Thorongil not to return to the City, because it would be better for him to continue on his errand. The other man had hesitated at first, but at length, had agreed to let Denethor ride back to the City by himself. Thorongil handed Denethor the horse's reins. "You will see a healer when you return? It would be good to at least have your dressings changed." "I am not so badly hurt, Thorongil. Do not minister to me like a nursemaid!" Thorongil laughed. "Very well, Denethor. On your way then." Denethor mounted the horse, and trotted slowly to the garrison gate, Thorongil following closely. "It's Estel." Denethor looked at Thorongil in confusion. "What? What is Estel?" "My name. I'm called Estel." "Oh." Denethor was surprised at this. "And is this your true name, or another falsehood you live by?" "It is the name my mother gave me, Denethor." Denethor nodded. "I thank you then . . . for finally telling me something that is true." He turned and rode away, not waiting for Thorongil's response. Estel . . . hope . His own words from before came to him. Nothing save art, and foolish hope. Is that what this stranger from the north had brought to Gondor? A fool's hope? Only time would tell. --000-- A/N: This was originally written for volume 5 of the Noble Steward Chronicles, a Denethor-centric fanzine produced by all of the fans at Brothers of Gondor . This story was inspired in part by a scene from the 1967 movie "In the Heat of the Night." Many thanks to my friend and betareader-par-excellence, Cressida1.