the floor. Lord Elrond caught her looking at him from across the hall, and slightly raised his chalice to her with an incline of his head. She looked at the red liquid inside her chalice, and returned his gesture in kind. Very nearly did she choke on it. 'This stuff is strong.' The young woman ate slowly, watching as more and more joined in the lively dancing in the center of the hall now that more were arriving. The two hobbits from before pulled each other into the spotlight, causing many an Elven maiden to laugh, as an Elf would nearly have to double over to partner with a hobbit. And yet they do so with remarkable grace, the young woman thought in awe. The dancing hobbits beckoned frantically to one side of the hall, to the row of empty seats where one lonely black-curled hobbit sat. Frodo. A young hobbit who, as he watched his friends make merry without the slightest care in the world, answered their invitation with a slow shake of his head and a wistful smile. ...She glanced back down at her plate. ... "Would you mind if I sit here?" His clear blue eyes glanced up briefly, before giving a small shake of his head and averting her eyes. "...It's the first time I've seen hobbits before," the young woman said. To which there was no reply. Then again, she just realized that if she 'hadn't ever seen hobbits' before, how would she have known that was what they were called? She had just made herself sound like a rude human who had just asked about them and had came over to observe them like they were freaks of nature. She sucked in a breath. "How are you feeling?" she tried to amend. The sinews in his neck moved as though swallowing, and with some audible reluctance he replied, "Better." Silence ensued. What was she doing? Why had she decided to come over here? Surely it wasn't to make him feel even more awkward and out of place. Wringing her hands nervously, she wondered if there was anything she could do to fix the mess she made. Asking him to dance was out of the question. She couldn't dance, and he most very likely will reject her anyway. Maybe she should just leave. "You like rings?" The question, so casual and innocent, almost had her jumping out of her skin. "P-Pardon?" she croaked. His clear blue eyes peered down pointedly at her hands, then up at her. "...Ah...you mean these?" She held up her hands to give him a full view of her fingers—a plain metal band around each of them except for the thumbs. What a relief that was what he had meant. "Boromir's waist is thick as a trunk, you see," the young woman launched into exposition, arms encircling the air demonstratively before her. Before she realized he didn't seem to know who or what 'Boromir' was. "Er...Boromir is the man who brought me here. On horseback," she restarted at the beginning. "I didn't know how to ride, you see." Comprehension dawned slowly in his large blue eyes, and she was encouraged to continue. "He size is quite large, and my arms would get tired easily clinging onto him," she explained with a small smile. "He had noticed this, and had made a stop at a nearby village to get a blacksmith to fashion these bands for me." Lacing her fingers together, she demonstrated their binding effect. "See this? This way my fingers don't slip apart without meaning to, and I could relax easy. Quite ingenious of him, I'd say." Frodo unexpectedly returned her smile with an appreciative one of his own. "You're right. I wouldn't have thought of something like that." He had a nice smile. They relapsed into silence, though this time slightly less awkward than the one before. "And what are young, lively people such as yourselves doing here, sitting?" Gandalf had suddenly sauntered into view, all evidence of his earlier troubles gone from his face. When neither of them dared to answer, the Grey Wizard extended both hands, sleeves sliding back from his arms. He looked down from her, then to Frodo; one to the other as though inviting them both to dance with him. "No, I-" she quickly protested with her hands. Frodo also promptly stood and excused, "I think I best go back and rest, Gandalf. You two dance and enjoy yourselves." Her jaw slackened at the betrayal, for now the sagely old man looked pointedly at her, hand insistent with the invitation. "Well, I-..." What could she do but to stand and accept? But, an idea came to her. Frodo, who was guiltily averting his gaze, did not see the wry smile that tugged her mouth. She grasped the hobbit firmly by his shoulders, and pushed him toward Gandalf's awaiting arms. "Hey-!" "Hohoho!" She laughed as Gandalf did; the bearded wizard didn't seem to mind who it was as long as it was one of them. He swept the hobbit so jovially and ridiculously through the other dancers that soon enough, Frodo couldn't help but to be taken along by his good mood and laughed with him. Watching them gave her such a lighthearted feeling. Maybe she would stay a little longer. Chuckling, she went back to her seat. Who knew that, even in her predicament, she could find a simple scene such as this so entertaining? Was Elven wine a little too strong for her? She shook her head and sat down, only to bolt upright immediately. The young woman looked down, horrified, into the deep blue eyes of a very handsome, and, must she say, very surprised blonde Elf. A/N: Bear with me, readers. I will (attempt to) answer to the apparent plot-holes found in this chapter in due time. Oh, and if you do have any suggestions of what you would like to see in my fanfic, I should like to hear them.