heart by way of greeting. "My, but it has a razor's edge." The three elders glanced askance at the elf maiden, Galadriel's eyebrows arching slightly in deepening curiosity. She looked over at Celeborn inquisitively and was rewarded with a slight aggrieved shake of the head and a telling eye roll heavenward. Oh dear, it seemed that their old friend had stepped in over his head again. Ah well, one of these days he ought to be able to live and finally learn. Maybe. Eventually. Hopefully. Mentally shaking off her amused concerns, Galadriel sedately broke the charged silence created by her granddaughter's muttering, "You have been away from the Golden Wood for quite some time, dear friend. An absence that is quite telling from the ragged state of your appearance." Gandalf scowled at the underlying chastisement in the lady's tone. He well remembered the last time he had visited, when Galadriel had threatened to have her Galadhrim lock him up in one of the highest flets if he did not go take a proper bath with all due haste. He wasn't that bad, really . Neither the men or the dwarves he frequently worked with made mention of his grooming, or lack thereof. "Tell me truly, Mithrandir, is your infrequent visits to the elven realms the only instances when you bathe?" Galadriel asked witheringly as she raked his form with an appraising look. She did not wait for an aggravated answer from him as she reached forward and fingered the forlorn edges of his long beard, "You are so scraggly, have the birds begun to take up nest within your beard?" Unfortunately, the Grey Wizard was not given the chance to come up with a properly scathing retort to the lady's lackadaisical potshots at his manner of hygiene. For it was at that very moment when Arwen piped up, her delighted voice instantly cutting through the familiar teasing. Gandalf's doom had arrived. "I've got it! The perfect name for the sword of Mithrandir shall be..." --- Elrond couldn't help but laugh outright as the wizard's tale of woe wound down to its inevitable conclusion. Gandalf scowled darkly at the highly amused elf lord sitting across from him. "It's not funny." "Oh yes it is," Elrond snickered hard as he attempted to get his hilarity under control and only succeeded somewhat. "But you are correct, my friend, it is your own fault. You really ought to have known better." "I thought it would be fine since the object that she was going to name was a sword , but apparently I was wrong," Gandalf sighed halfheartedly as Elrond's hilarity slowly quieted down to the occasional odd giggle. "Must she be so flighty about something so important?" "Yes, she must," Elrond said sympathetically, he had often been the victim of his youngest's whimsy, thus could well understand the wizard's distress. "It is a part of her nature, I would not have her any other way. Nor would you." "No, I would not," Gandalf agreed reluctantly, but directed a heated scowl at the offending lump of metal. He had been so proud of it... No doubt, these unsavory events were just the Valar's way of highlighting his folly upon placing so much pride in a tool of war. But still... "What am I going to do about this, Elrond? The dwarves will ask what name has been given to such a magnificent looking sword and when they learn of it they will not let me within ten feet of them!" Elrond chuckled lightly at the wizard's scandalized expression, "Could you not rename it appropriately?" "Of course not! And you know that," Gandalf grumped, slumping down in a vague attempt to become one with his chair, "To do so would hurt Arwen's feelings and I'm not quite so much of a cur as to do that." Elrond smiled gently, touched by his old friend's careful regard for the sake of his child's happiness, "Then there is only one recourse left to you, my friend, you must go about finding yourself another sword and a suitable manner in which to relieve your person of this one." "Easily said, not so easily done," Gandalf grumbled in despair as he considered his options, "Well, maybe the rangers will have some daring or dangerous mission scheduled for when I visit them." "You are going to join up with the rangers after you have departed our company?" Elrond asked curiously, his interest piqued at the mention of the Dunedain. "Aye," Gandalf replied companionably, his eyes growing distant as he thought of his upcoming trek, "I want to take a look at Arathorn and Gilraen's new babe." Elrond blinked in surprise, his thoughts jumbling to a halt at the odd tone in the wizard's speech. "Do you sense something amiss?" "No, at least not in the way that you mean," Gandalf said slowly, testing the words out in his mind before giving them voice, "It is just a feeling, indistinct and nebulous, but I think that this little Aragorn may prove to be more important in the grand scheme of things than we can possibly imagine." The elf lord gave the wizard a skeptical look, but did not attempt to brush aside the almost fanciful turn their conversation had abruptly taken. He knew better than that, for the gift of foreknowledge was not his alone. The Grey Pilgrim had remarkably accurate hunches at times, and only a fool would ignore them. --- Alas, for the fabled Beardslayer faded quickly from the annals of history, its existence soon dwarfed by the great legend of Glamdring. However, whenever an inquiry was made about that marvelous sword that the dwarves had crafted so expertly for him, the Grey Pilgrim would mournfully announce that it had been lost during the struggle to drive the Necromancer from Dol Guldur. This knowledge verily silenced all seekers, for to fall whilst battling against such a dark foe was a worthy, if bleak, fate for such a wonderful blade.