I fainted out of shock and confusion." "I find that hard to believe," he replied, knowing he was getting to her. He reminded her of her brother, thinking he was all that and such. Smiling, she knew exactly how to handle him. "Okay, I admit it. I was so entranced by your beauty that I just couldn't contain myself..." she said very dramatically. Legolas, quite amused by this, started laughing. Alana handed the CAD to Sarah, who pointed it at Legolas (wisely turning down the volume first). Legolas. Male Elf. Canon. Out of Character 87.99999999999 "I feel so sorry for Legolas." "Well, I have to admit, it happens." 'He's worse than Sean,' she thought. Then remembered something about him from the books. "But now I'm pretty much turned-off by how much of a bratty prince you are." He stopped laughing, 'that got him to shut up', he stared at her for awhile. "What kind of an insult was that?" demanded Sarah furiously. He turned and walked away. "Right, well nothing much happens for a while now… oh gods." "What?" asked Alana, peering over her partner's shoulder. "She sings. " "A voice to rival the elves I'm sure," muttered Alana. Sarah made a face. She had been doing voice competitions for years, but her vocal skills were nothing to brag about when one was in Imladris among the elves. Grimacing, the agents decided to eat while they could, and then head to Mary-Sue's banquet that she was supposed to attend. Finding a spot far enough away from Melody, Alana opened the box, revealing its delicious looking contents; smoked venison and a few slices of bread as well as assorted vegetables. Sarah had opened her own, which contained cooked rabbit rather then venison. "I didn't know which one you'd like," she said apologetically. "I'll eat either one." Alana shrugged. "Well, rabbit's my personal favourite…" They switched boxes, and began methodically eating. "Why do Sues always feel the need to be so damn perfect?" inquired Sarah through a mouthful of food. "The authors are acting out their personal fantasies," said Alana wisely. The agents reluctantly finished and headed towards the 'dining hall' as Melody called it, and Sarah tried not to curse her for hating dresses with no reason. Sarah was enormously fond of any Lord of the Rings or medieval dresses. They slipped into the Hall ahead of her, blissfully missing the ridiculous dialogue between the Mary-Sue and poor Legolas, and hid behind a table, out of the Sue's sight when she came in. "Um...Arwen, who are they?" asked Melody, looking at Frodo and his friends. "Those are hobbits." "Really?" "Would I kid you?" "They're so cute!" Sarah twitched, and Alana looked at her oddly. The meal ended finally, and the dreadfully OOC Legolas suggest that Melody share something. "I don't think you'd want to hear me sing." "He didn't say that you arrogant little berk," muttered Alana, shifting her weight so that she wasn't sitting on her foot. The Sue began to sing in a rather nauseating voice, and naturally, the entire room was bewitched. "It could have been worse," muttered Alana, feeling a sudden surge of sympathy towards her partner. After all, she hadn't had any real field experience with Sues, and therefore couldn't be prepared for this. Indeed, she was looking rather thunderstruck. "She could be singing Avril Lavigne or something." Sarah nodded, acknowledging that it could have been worse. However, as a dedicated musician, she felt insulted. "See, unless they actually write that the voice sounds like the voice of an angel, or something ridiculous like that, it's just going to sound normal. Or bad for that matter, whenever a song from our world is played. But the poor canon characters won't know the difference," explained Alana in a hushed whisper. Would this song never end? "Do you have a CD player?" asked Sarah in a begging tone. Alana obligingly brought it out, handing it to Sarah, who quickly put it on, uncaring of whatever was in there. To her great relief, it promptly began blaring Beethoven's Ninth, drowning out the awful sound of Melody, who couldn't carry a melody. It finally ended, and Alana, who had stuffed her fingers in her ears, poked her. She gratefully pulled them off and handed them to Alana, only to notice… "Oh gods. " "Elrond's crying !" Alana, after making sure its volume was turned down, pointed the CAD at Elrond shakily. It gave a loud screech. Elrond Halfelven. Half-Elf Male. Canon. Out of Character 98.7664738 And if it wasn't enough… "I came over to say thank you for that beautiful song, m'lady. You're voice is more beautiful than any I've ever heard." Melody blushed again. Sarah rose to her feet furiously, and Alana, recognising the symptoms of one whose lust object has been messed with, seized her arm and pulled her down. "Why thank you little one, but please, call me Melody." The hobbit smiled. "Very well then, Melody. And you may call me Frodo." "Frodo?" "Yes. Is anything wrong?" "Uh...no, nothing Frodo. I am just tired." Alana glanced at her partner worriedly, and then looked ahead at the words. "We better go to bed. She's off to the council of Elrond tomorrow." "Surprise surprise," said Sarah bitterly. "Oh come on, it wasn't that bad. He just commented on her voice. It could have been worse. Now stop sulking and get out your sleeping bag." "What if we spent the night in a spare bedroom?" asked Sarah hopefully. Alana had never thought of it before, it wasn't usually done. As far as she knew however, it wasn't against the rules. "If we can find one that isn't occupied," she said reluctantly. The Author's Note: If you liked it, please review. Reviews are good. If you didn't like it, review and tell me why. Flames will be laughed at, and constructive criticism taken into account. Chapter two will be up soon; the more reviews I get, the sooner it'll be up.