to rise to his feet and stood looking his captors over impassively. He turned away quickly as that bright gaze was bent on him, inwardly squirming under Eldarcáno's scrutiny. "We will camp here" ordered the prince rather imperiously, "Ilkhâr, join me in finding some game, Anórhad secure the elf, the rest of you set up camp and build a fire." The unlucky three glared at each other and at the prince's back as he left the clearing. Anórhad was checking the captive's bonds, glancing at his face nervously as he fiddled apologetically with the ropes. So focused was he that he fell back a little when the three surrounded him nearly noiselessly. "Zônhard? Myntur? Atazôr? " he asked anxiously, hoping that the alarm bells sounding frantically in his mind were false. When he saw the look on Zônhard's face he realized with horror that they rang true. He, one of the Elendili was helpless to defend or even aid the elf. "The prince ordered that we should not touch the elf" he argued, surprised at the indifferent tone that he managed to achieve. "The prince said that we should not touch him with a blade" corrected Zônhard, looking at Myntur and Atazôr expectantly. They carried long flexible wands. Anórhad's heart sank as he read their purpose. The wands would draw no blood and the prince would never know of the unlawful interrogation. Eldarcáno simply stood waiting calmly for them to approach him. Unlike Anórhad he had realized their intent the minute Inziladûn stepped from the camp. He was bound and still weakened, but he meant to put up as good a fight as he could manage. Unfortunately Zônhard was cleverer than he was brave. The three grabbed him as one, Atazôr and Myntur holding him as Zônhard bound him to a great oak. He lashed out as well as he could but the odds were far too great and much of his strength had been sapped by the poison, Anórhad dared not give himself away by aiding him. Thus he shortly found himself divested of his tunic his bared back facing the young lords. "What is your name elf?" asked Zônhard impatiently. "Eldarcáno" he returned, not caring whether they should know it. "Afraid Eldarcáno?" sneered the youth, "Who sent you?" Eldarcáno set his lips in a thin line and said nothing. Zônhard nodded to Myntur, who struck him a glancing blow across his shoulder blades. "Who sent you? Why are you here?" he repeated. The elf made no sign of having heard him. They struck him together. From where he watched with growing rage, Anórhad winced they covered the defenseless elf with their harsh blows, impressed by his seeming absolute unconcern for the mess that they were wrecking upon his back. They gave up only after the shining skin was crisscrossed in ugly red welts. Baffled and angry they allowed Anórhad to return his tunic as they set up the camp. Inziladûn saw no trace of their cruel actions as he entered the camp, for the elf refused to show pain from the abuse and his tormentors had been careful to strike only his back. The only sign of anything wrong was the wrathful face of Anórhad, who had determined that the prince should hear of what had happened as soon as he could speak to him alone. Inziladûn was therefore confused and worried when Anórhad drew him a little ways into the forest as the others lay down to sleep. "Anórhad?" "I must speak to you my prince. I have never liked telling tales of others, but you should know that Zônhard and his friends interrogated the elf." Inziladûn's face darkened. "They harmed him? What did he tell them?" "His name is apparently Eldarcáno." "They broke an elf? I saw no sign of any abuse upon him?" he asked feeling oddly disappointed with the unknown elf's weakness. "He told them his name as though it mattered not. Beyond that he would say nothing no matter how much they struck him." Inziladûn smiled foolishly into night. They had not even come close to breaking the elf, such a task was beyond the powers of court fops, his mother had often told him of the their strength and resilience. Startled he realized that he was thinking well of the elf, why did it seem so hard to remember that he was dangerous and cruel? Because his face shows no malice… Angered with himself for his indecision and doubts he turned and strode back into the camp. "Bring the elf to my tent." he ordered. Most of the back story of Aragorn's ancestors can be found in the appendices of the Lord of the Rings. Lest the number of "new" people be overwhelming I have included a: Cast of Characters: (will be expanded as necessary) ( Canon ) Amandil - Grandson of Eärendur and father of Elendil Ar-Gimilzôr - King of Númenor and father of Inziladûn and Gimilkhâd Ar-Pharazôn - Last king of Númenor, takes his cousin Míriel to wife against her will Eärendur - Lord of Andúnië, kin of the king, uncle of the Inzilbêth Eldarcáno - Alias of Legolas Thranduilion (means Herald of the Elves the name and of course his presence is AU.) Elendil - Father of Isildur and Anárion Gil-Gilad - Last High King of the Elves, Son of Fingon Gimilkhâd - Father of Ar-Pharazôn the Golden Inziladûn - Later known as Tar-Palantir, father of Tar-Míriel Inzilbêth - Queen of Númenor, wife of Ar-Gimilzôr Lindórië - Sister of Eärendur and mother of Inzilbêth ( OC ) Anórhad - Young noble, friend of Inziladûn, secretly one of the Faithful Atazôr - Young noble, friend of Gimilkhâd Ilkhâr - Young noble, friend of Gimilkhâd Mardil – Son of Eärendur and father of Amandil Melyanna - Wife of Tar-Palantir, daughter of Thalion of Rómenna (means Dear Gift) Myntur - Young noble, friend of Gimilkhâd Thalion - One of the Elendili of Rómenna (means Steadfast) Zônhard - Young noble, friend of Gimilkhâd