seat and wandered the hall, asking everyone I met the same question and growing increasingly anxious. "Where is Arwen? Has anyone seen Arwen? Anyone at all?" No one had. I was becoming desperate when Lindir approached me. "I saw her, my Lord. She was leaving the hall with Estel." My eyes darkened. Aragorn. I should have known. "Which way did they go?" "They appeared to be headed in the direction of the gardens." "Thank you, Lindir." I quickly left the hall and made my way in the direction Lindir had pointed me, leaving the musician to sing some amusing little ditty about rabbits to the children while strumming his lute to a hop-skip beat. I suspicioned that he was mocking me. Walking quickly but quietly through the passages of Imladris, I paused at a four-way juncture. Which way would take me to the gardens most swiftly? I was about to choose when a soft noise sounded from a nearby linen closet. It sounded suspiciously like a smothered giggle. I was reaching for the door handle, murder in my eyes, when a low, grating voice stopped me in place. "Elrond, old friend. We need to talk." I winced. "Mae govannion, Gandalf. Still popping out of nowhere and stepping dramatically out of the shadows, I see." The wizard was not amused. "Sarcastic as ever, my friend. I forbid you to ever wonder where Elladan gets it from. I repeat, we urgently need to talk. I bring gravely important news. I have just returned from Minas Tirith, and –" "Can this not wait?" I asked impatiently, again reaching for the handle. "I have matters of my own to attend to which are really quite pressing, and –" Losing his fragile temper, Gandalf stamped a heavily booted foot. "No, it cannot wait, you infernal Elf! This matter concerns the fate of the world as we know it!" I could not resist. "You have put on more weight?" I asked innocently. The wizard looked ready to kill. "Not even funny, old friend, not even funny. That ring of Bilbo's is the Ring of Power! Isildur's Bane! Sauron's weapon of mass destruction, the genuine article!" He paused to take a few heavy breaths. "Therefor, I believe that this matter is indeed more important than whatever is on the other side of that door, Lord Elrond." I stared at him. "You've been smoking." "Yes, and you've been drinking. That does not mean that I am not right." Curse him. "Well, I am off, to Isengard by the fastest road. I shall seek the council of Saruman the White, head of my –" "Yes, yes, head of your order. I know." I suddenly felt as if a great weight was descending upon me. Slowly. Suffocatingly. Painfully. Gandalf gave a curt nod. "I will keep you posted. Farewell!" And the old man was gone as quickly as he had come. I swear, it is his sole purpose in life to worry me into an ulcer. The eye twitch had returned, faster and harder than ever. I wrenched open the closet door. Arwen and Aragorn stared out at me, their eyes wide as racoons' when caught in the lantern beam in the dead of night. Arwen's hair was mussed. Aragorn's tunic as unbuttoned. My little girl smiled angelically. "Good evening, Ada! Just dusting out the cobwebs in this little closet, here. Mustn't have dirty linens, must we?" I wanted none of it. "Alright, kids, time to clear out. Adar needs some alone time." Shoving my flabbergasted children out into the hall I stepped into the closet and barricaded myself inside. As the day's built-up tensions and frustrations came to a peak inside and began to boil over, a hysteric sob escaped my lips. They would never find me in here! Elflings, arrows, drunken children, rabbits, wizards, overly affectionate loving couples, the end of the world – it could all occur outside. I was safe now in my little hole. I could vaguely hear Arwen and Aragorn conference in the passage outside. "What could be the matter, do you think?" Arwen asked in wonder. "I know not." Aw, how sweet. After all, Aragorn was worried for me. But I still was not coming out. "Perhaps we should tell Erestor and Glorfindel?" "No, probably not. I suspect he'll come out on his own in an hour or two." "Are you sure? Perhaps we should..." "Trust me, Estel darling. Oh! I just remembered! Would you like to come up to my rooms for a bit? I've done some redecorating that I'm sure you'll just love!" As their footsteps receded, I felt a small something hit me between the eyes. It turned out to be a spider. Plucking it off, I absently let it run across my hands. "Please bite me," I told it conversationally. "Please be poisonous." And so do you find me even now, ensconced in a pitch dark closet, playing with a spider that has yet to bite me. Not that I want it to do so now, you understand... I would like to think that I have recovered most of my sensibilities... but I do suppose that I should deign to come out soon. I have, after all, been in here for quite a while, and someone is bound to need and come looking for me sooner or later. Such is the life of a ruler. I leave you on this note. Whatever you may choose to think of me after this tale is through is still, of course, your own decision... but perhaps now you might have a different perspective on the "stuffy" Lord of Rivendell. Oh, curse it all! It bit me! O.O.O.O.O The End o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o (2 nd ) Author's Note: Thanks to Vanessa for the whole name thing. Love you, 'Nessa, and let's make a point to never forget that fish, okay? (Sorry... inside joke...) But now the story lost its K+ rating... (pout) I hope it was worth it, 'Nessa. The things I do for you...