think I'd miss your Uncle Bilbo's birthday?" Gandalf said, eyes twinkling. He continued to drive the cart down the road towards Bag End. "So how is the old rascal? I hear it's going to be a party of special magnificence." "You know Bilbo. He's got the whole place in an uproar," Frodo said, sounding amused. Gandalf chuckled a little, still puffing on his pipe. "Well, that should please him." "Half the Shire's been invited. And the rest of them are turning up anyway," Frodo said, making Gandalf laugh, as they passed a field of yellow flowers with women out tending them. They got to a bridge that started to enter the town part of Hobbiton, then through a neighborhood of houses. "To tell you the truth," Frodo said, "Bilbo's acting a bit odd lately. I mean, more than usual," he said, looking up at Gandalf. "He's taken to locking himself in his study. He spends hours pouring over old maps when he thinks I'm not looking. He's up to something," he finished, lost in thought about his Uncle. Frodo looked up to see Gandalf peeking at him, then quickly looking away. "All right, then," Frodo said grinning. "Keep your secrets." "What?" "But I know you have something to do with it." "Good gracious me," Gandalf said, feigning that he was offended. Frodo nodded and continued, still smiling. "Before you came along, we Bagginses were very well thought of. "Indeed," Gandalf said, nodding. Never had any adventures or did anything unexpected." "If you're referring to the incident with the dragon, I was barely involved. All I did was...give your Uncle a little nudge out of the door." "Well, whatever you did, you've been officially labeled a disturber of the peace." "Oh, really?" Gandalf said as if he could hardly believe it, looking around to see children, girls and boys, come dashing from every house and field, yelling "Gandalf! Gandalf!" They stopped in a group behind his cart, looking disbelieving. "Fireworks Gandalf!" Frodo looked up at Gandalf, half grinning, knowing he wouldn't disappoint the kids. Just as they were starting to get down, Gandalf let off some fireworks. The children started cheering and Frodo smiled up at Gandalf, who was laughing. Just then, Lara came out of the field on Frodo's side of the cart, and seeing the cart, she grinned, and started jogging alongside to keep up. "Gandalf! You're here!" Gandalf looked down and didn't seem at all surprised to see her there. "Lara, how wonderful to see you, lass." Still running, Lara said, "So, you're here for Bilbo's big day?" She grinned up at Frodo. "Wouldn't miss it," Gandalf said. "Frodo, will you come help me find Merry and Pippin?" Frodo looked at Gandalf, who nodded knowingly. Frodo stood up and said, "Gandalf. I'm glad you're back," and he swung off the cart to join Lara on the ground. "So am I dear boy!" Gandalf said. Lara and Frodo turned and headed in the direction of the shade of the trees, then looked back and waved. Smiling, Gandalf watched them go. "So am I," he muttered to himself. "Why do you need my help to find Merry and Pippin?" Frodo asked, as he and Lara were walking along in the shaded forest, looking for them. "Because they will listen to you when you tell them to stop." "They listen to you more than me! And stop what?" Lara laughed. "I have a feeling they are getting into trouble." Frodo looked sideways at her. "You're going to the party right?" Lara looked at him as if she had never seen him before. "How many times have you asked me that? Of course I'm coming, I wouldn't miss it for the world!" "Sorry, I was just making sure." She shook her head, smiling. "Why?" "Well...," but he was interrupted by an apple hitting his head. "Ouch! What the...?" Frodo said, rubbing the back of his head and picking up the offending apple off the ground. Lara and Frodo looked up to see Merry and Pippin lounging on the tree branches above them. "What are you two doing up there?" Lara said, until she saw two pipes in their mouths. "Oh, never mind. I can see you're busy with your pipes." "Not at all," Pippin said. "We were just wondering if we should come find you." They climbed down the tree, Merry landing next to Frodo, Pippin on top. "Ouch! Pippin!" Frodo said, pushing him off. Lara hurried over and helped him up. "Pippin, grow up." Pippin pretended to look hurt. "I am a grown man. I am smoking a pipe, here. You can't do that, now can you? You're not of age." Lara sneered at him. "I wouldn't want to anyways. That's disgusting." Pippin just shook his head and puffed in her face. "Pippin, quit," Frodo said. "Well, now that I know that you two aren't stealing something-or-or-setting something on fire or causing some kind of meyhem, then I'm going to go get ready." "Ready for what?" Merry asked. "The party," Lara stated, rolling her eyes as if it were obvious. "The party isn't until tonight," Pippin said. "Your point?" she said, as she started to back away. "She has to look nice," Merry said, looking at her. "Right?" Lara looked confused. "Uh..sure, Merry. Well...bye guys," she said, and left in the direction of the town. Merry watched her go. "What is it with her? I was going to ask her to go to the party with me..." "What?" Frodo said, caught completely off guard, as he too was still watching her leave. "You were?" "Oh, come on Frodo. That's old news. Everyone knows that," Pippin said, grinning. "As friends," Merry quickly added. Frodo had nothing to say, but was feeling slightly annoyed for some reason. "Look, I have to go help with the party. See you guys there." And he turned and left before they could say anything more. a/n-Italics are flashbacks, just to let u kno. oh, and umm...review! lol!