my duty to keep the city and the forest safe, no matter what. I will not allow what happened to Greenwood (now Mirkwood) to happen to our beloved Lothlorien. No, not as long as I still draw breath. The girl had seemed so innocent. I had guessed that she was from a village near Imladris from her dark features. Judging by her clothes and hair (which were covered in dirt and reeked of a hundred stables), she was a peasant and they are not always treated with respect. Of course, in my humble opinion, they did not deserve it. I give pity to no one who does not at least try to better themselves. So now I walk towards the clearing where my Galadhrim should be resting, yet instead I hear laughing and jeering. My heart freezes as I rush over to see the girl thrown into the water, still blind-folded and tied. "What is the meaning of this?" I yell. They all quiet down and look at me with shamed eyes. "She's not coming to the surface," one of the elves said, sounding afraid. Everyone looked at the still water. A few bubbles had floated to the top but there was no sign of the elleth. Without thinking, I plunged into the dark water. I could barely make out a flash of white and dove for it, grabbing her arm. I swam to the surface with her as quickly as I could. I was panicked. She was not moving. What if she had died? I would have failed my duty to Lady Galadriel and Lord Celebrian. I brought her up to the surface and pushed her out of the water and onto the riverbank. Crawling up beside her, I saw that she was not breathing. I quickly ripped the blindfold off. It had slipped down to her neck. My heart was racing and I silently prayed that Orophin was here. His healing skills were superb. He would know what to do. I was a decent healer, but I did not know what I could do. So I did what seemed logical. I turned her over so that she was lying on her stomach and pressed down onto her. Water came spewing out of her mouth as she coughed it up. Her hands were still tied and I quickly untied them, suddenly feeling a pang of ...something..that I had never felt before...as she curled up and began to cry. My eyes turned to my Galadrihm who stood staring at me curiously. "I doubt the Lady and Lord would be pleased if we were to bring her back dead," I said to them. They all dropped their heads in shame. I was very angry with them. They would need to be punished for this, but that could wait as I peered down at the trembling girl. 00000000000000000000000000-Raali's POV-000000000000000000000000000000 I heard Haldir speak to his men and shivered. They did not care whether I lived or died, and would not hesitate to kill me whether for their Lord and Lady nor for themselves. I sat up and watched him chastise them, my dress practically plastered to me in an almost embarrassing way. Soon all became silent and the March warden's eyes slid to mine. I quickly looked away, afraid to meet his gaze. He was a very intimidating elf. But then one would need to be to get in such a position. I was trembling, I realized. Not because of cold (because we elves cannot feel it) but because of pure fear. They could very well kill me if they liked. They could do anything. I was a peasant after all. My death would not be counted among their records. I felt him come beside me and pick me up, starting to carry me towards some random tree. These Lorien folk were strange, living in trees so high and such. I looked at the Lorien soldiers as I passed by. Some looked at me in awe and the rest just stared. "That dip in the water did wonders to her,"I heard someone say. Yet these comments were only heard by me and the March warden kept walking. I looked up to observe his features. He was quite handsome. His hair was pale gold and his eyes were a cold silver. They reminded me slightly of the color of cold steel, their color and gaze. He was simply beautiful. Everything about him screamed power, dominance, and a need for obedience and respect. He glanced down at me and I felt small, trapped in his gaze, in his arms. Yet try as I might, I could not look away and then I was lifted into a tree and set down gently on a wooden floor. "The Lady has ordered clothing for you," he said and threw a dress towards me. It was very beautiful. It was white and gold, something that I would have to sell my house for yet this elf was giving it to me to wear. "Can I keep it?" I asked, trying not to smile out of sheer glee. When he nodded, I suddenly stopped and looked at the dress. It was so beautiful, so intricate...but...well it was actually too intricate. In fact I didn't even know what to do with it. I didn't know how to put it on! "I'll leave you alone so that you can change," he said and dropped out of sight. I looked at the dress curiously and wondered how I was going to approach this. I was thankful that he was polite to lay out some undergarments for me as well, for mine were sopping wet and certainly not as nice as these. I stripped and put those on first and then looked at the dress. I would get into it...somehow... oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Should I continue? Should I not? What would you like to see happen? What wouldn't you like to see happen? All feedback and criticism welcome! Flames will be used to cook babies!