you may have a cake and you may go outside and play." Dulinneth ran first thing to find her friend Merileth. She was returning from the meadow with the other children. Several of the older ones carried picnic baskets between them, and Dulinneth swallowed back her envy that she had not been able to join them for the fun. She spied Merileth at the same time the blonde elleth saw her. She waved enthusiastically when she saw Dulinneth and ran forward ahead of the group. The two friends embraced as if they had been apart for a fortnight. "I heard you were being punished," Merileth said softly, regarding her with solemn hazel eyes. "But what are you doing outside?" "Nana said I had learned my lesson, so it is over. I wish she had said so yesterday." Dulinneth made a face and sighed. "I am glad," Merileth replied. "It was no fun without you there." "What did you do?" "We had a picnic and races. And I made you something. Here, hold out your arm." Merileth reached into the pocket hidden in the folds of her skirt and produced a length of woven threads in red and blue. " 'Tis a friendship bracelet," she said, tying it around Dulinneth's right wrist. Dulinneth held up her wrist to admire the braided design. " 'Tis very pretty," she said, smiling. "Thank you." "You're welcome. Now then, what would you like to do?" Dulinneth thought. "Well, we could go over to the archery range, to see if there's anything to do there. If that is all right with you," she added hastily. "Of course it is," Merileth assured her. "Anyway, it is your day and you get to decide." They clasped hands and hurried toward the range, past a ring where Dulinneth's father was teaching close knife combat. She waved to him as they ran by, and he smiled and waved back before returning his attention to a pair of younger warriors who were circling each other warily. The ellith reached the range and settled upon the ground, cross-legged, to watch. Legolas moved from recruit to recruit, correcting stances and aims. They were none of them novices, but they were still young and had not honed their skills as well as they should, or would, when they were older. He saw the two young ellith arrive out of the corner of his eye and jogged over to them. They both stood as he approached, and bowed. He nodded to them and smiled. "Good day, Merileth. Dulinneth, Happy Begetting Day," he said. "Would you two like to retrieve arrows for us?" "Yes, Your Highness," they replied. They spent some time running back and forth, picking up arrows and returning them to the warriors. After the last time up the field and back, Dulinneth shook her dark green skirts out and frowned. "Wouldn't it be nice if we could wear leggings, like an ellon?" she said to Merileth. "I am so tired of picking my skirts up to run all the time." "Don't be silly, of course we can't," Merileth answered. "Oh, there's Nana. I must go. Good-bye, Dulinneth." "Good-bye, Merileth," Dulinneth replied, hugging her. "I will see you on the morrow." The warriors began to leave the field also after their own dismissals. Legolas helped Dulinneth place the remaining training arrows back into their wooden container. "Why do you wish to wear leggings?" Legolas asked softly. "You are an elleth." "I know, but sometimes these skirts get in the way. I cannot run or climb. . ." Her voice trailed off in embarrassment. Legolas pretended not to hear the last words. "But you will not always want to do such things. You will also want to learn special, feminine skills." "I know," Dulinneth answered. "See, Nana is teaching me to sew." She held up her left hand to show the tiny pricks in her fingers where she had jammed the needle through. Legolas knelt beside her and took her hand, raising it to his lips, kissing each injured finger with due care. "Sewing is a worthy skill. If something of mine is torn or cut while I am in the wild, I must repair it." He let go of her to point to a seam worked in dark brown thread on the left sleeve of his light green tunic. It was already pulling apart in places and would have to be re-done. "But alas, I am not very good at it," he admitted. Dulinneth looked up at him. "When I am grown up, I will mend your shirts for you." "That would be kindly appreciated, but you will have a husband of your own to sew for one day, and then what would I do?" he said, teasing slightly. "But I am going to marry you ." Legolas started at the determined little voice, at the solemn gaze she fixed upon him, but then she smiled, her little lips curving upward. He decided to play along, for of course he could not take her seriously. After all, she was only a child, and children often said outlandish things. "Then I would be a very lucky ellon indeed." Her smile broadened, revealing her dimples, and he ruffled her chin-length hair playfully. She was going to be a beauty one day, he thought. Belegur would have his hands, and his talan, full with suitors when she came of age. "There is your father now, pen neth," Legolas said, noticing the older warrior approaching. He stood back up and nodded a greeting to his mentor before looking down at the young elleth. "So I must bid you good-bye." "Good-bye, Legolas. And thank you again for catching me." She was still smiling when she ran to her father. She took his hand and skipped merrily along beside him all the way home, happier than she could say that Prince Legolas thought her marrying him was a good idea. Dulinneth-Nightingale Girl Galuves—Good Fortune Wife Belegur—Great Heart Merileth—Rose Suldal—Wind Foot