looking me up and down again. I was about to tell him that my father had taught me when I was little, but mother opened her eyes slowly and sat up. She saw me and a huge smile spread across her damp face. She pulled me into a tight and slightly soggy embrace, and I returned it, just glad to see that she was awake. "Oh Meleth, thank you so much, but how is the Halfling? Did he make it here soon enough?" she questioned me. "Grandfather is tending to him in my room right now, but I have not heard how he is doing. I'm just glad to see that you are awake." She looked around her to take in her surroundings. Her eyes settled on the ranger, who was standing behind her. She smiled even bigger, if it was possible, and jumped to her feet to greet him. He just smiled hugged her gently, as if afraid that he would hurt her. She pulled away from him and called me over to them. "Meleth, or rather, Marilla, this is your father. Aragorn, this is your daughter." Aragorn and I just looked at each other with confused looks on our faces. Suddenly, Aragorn's eyes widened in understanding and asked, "Why didn't you tell me before that your name was Marilla? I would have known earlier." I stared at the ragged man - my father. All of the stories that Arwen had ever told me about him were rushing through my head. My mother brought her hand up to my shoulder to comfort me. I turned to face my mother, the beaming smile on her face fading away as she saw my glacial stare. Her hand on my shoulder tried to hold me back, but I tore away from her and raced out of the room. I darted through the stone corridors, the torches making warlike shadows around my feet. I had always imagined my meeting with my father to be the exact opposite of what had just happened. And my foolish mother was expecting me to accept all of it right away? I reached the hidden oak door that was made especially for me that lead to my secret room. I grasped the fine iron handle and slowly opened the small door. The scent of Lavender and sage came to greet my nose, and the sound of the thunderous waterfall throbbed in my ears. I was finally back in my real home. The rocky walls of the small cavern were worn down so that they were smoothed out and weren't so dangerous to any small elfings if they happened to stumble across the hidden room. My cavern was originally a cave that was hidden behind the monstrous waterfall that was the center of Rivendell. Gandalf had taken a liking to me since I was born and he had made the small door for me, smoothed out the rugged walls, and even parted the waterfall so I would have a ledge out in the sun to sit. The small chair that I had received from my two uncles for my birthday only years before sat alongside a midnight blue pillow-bed that Gandalf had found for me on one of his visits to Gondor. I walked across the small room to my small ledge, only to see that Moonbeam had been waiting for me. From my ledge I could see my room to the right of me; the shadowy form of Grandfather standing inside, near the bed. Gandalf was peering over the edge of the balcony deep in thought. Moonbeam gave a small chirp as he moved up to my shoulder and Gandalf suddenly directed his attention to me. He smiled at my form standing in the sun while my wavy black hair was blowing in the intense wind and my blue and silver riding clothes desperately clinging to my arms and legs. "Marilla" Gandalf called, his deep voice startling me. I opened my eyes to see Gandalf standing at the foot of my bed. "That was a very strange dream," I commented to myself as I sat up. "Really? What was it about I wonder?" He asked. "It was about the stories," I replied, "The stories that you and Ada always tell me about your journey with the Halflings." "Ah," Gandalf replied, smiling. "Now, Marilla, you need to get out of bed. It is well into the morning and your father would like some help." In an instant, I was on my feet, the bare skin chilling against the stone floor. "He is in the dining hall when you are ready. Remember, the banquet is today," he said, leaving the room. I walked over to my wardrobe and pulled out a silver dress. I donned it hastily. The sunbeams were shining through the windows and warming the hard floor. I brushed my hair quickly and braided a few bits of it. I walked over to the door that Gandalf had exited out of, and opened it. I pushed aside the heavy hanging that hid it from the rest of the world, making sure to look around the hall to check that no one was in sight. The corridors were abandoned. I locked the door from which I had emerged and re-covered it with the heavy tapestry. I sprinted down the hall, my bare feet making no noise upon the stone floor. Turning a couple corners, I found myself in the throne room. I stopped my running right before I entered the room. My father was pacing across the floor. "Ada!" I yelled, running to him and embracing him. He cheered up instantly. "Come, Marilla," he said smiling,"We must prepare for the banquet today." I nodded and followed him into the dining hall. A/N I hope you enjoyed this story. This is the second copy of this story, and this entire thing was actually three parts. For that, I apologize. Reviews are welcome, no matter what you have to say! Magic