find normality and patterns in mixed martial arts. I see the patterns and rhythm in it. I love fighting, the only thing that soothed me more was the piano. I saw the similarities and the patterns in them, and for some reason they made sense to me. Also, when you remember everything that's ever happened in your life, every book you've read, everything you've ever heard in school, book learning and non-physical things are easy. With mixed martial arts and fighting, I actually have to work for the strength I have and the ability. Sure I memorized the moves the first time I saw them, but I still needed to build the body and that took hard work, something I hardly ever had to do. It was nice to have to actually work for something, so I loved it. I loved piano more because, though I didn't have to work as hard for it, it created music. To me music was and is everything. It is the most beautiful thing on the Earth. I can play just about any instrument, but piano is my favorite because it's such a better looking picture and it was the first instrument I ever decided to play. Legolas nods at my question and smiles. It sort of lights up the room, his smile. "Yes, with a bow and twin knives mostly." "What about without a weapon, do you fight?" He nods. "I can, but I usually take both weapons with me wherever I go, outside the safety of the elven cities." I flinch as the beautiful woman applies something to my legs, sending cold spikes of pain up through my legs and to my spine. "It sting's!" I hiss. Damn my overly perceptive memory. The light from Legolas brightens more and he shifts so I can't even see either healer. "Don't pay it any mind. Would you like to hear a story, they always make me feel better when dealing with pain?" I nod, not trusting my voice. I close my eyes the pain and take a few shaky breaths. He's doing a good job blocking the pain—however he's doing it—but I'm still a little nervous and a lot scared. I'm trying my hardest to block out anything but him, including my burning and growing need for something familiar and not painful. My over-clear memory never helps this and I can tell he's growing paler and paler. "Hey, keep your eyes on me!" I open my eyes and the panic that had appeared on his face vanished as he masked it away. "It's okay. Would you like to hear about the first time I killed an orc?" I nod. I don't know what in the hell an orc is, but I just want him to keep talking, his voice is soothing and beautiful. Before he can say anything though, his naneth—whatever that is as well—speaks up. "Why don't you sing to her, ion-nin. It will be more soothing." Legolas glanced over his shoulder, then back at me, then over his shoulder again. A wide smile spread across his face and it look like a lightbulb had gone on inside his head. He began to softly sing with the most beautiful voice I'd ever heard. "Lay down your head and I'll sing you a lullaby Back to the years of loo-li lai-lay And I'll sing you to sleep and I'll sing you tomorrow Bless you with love for the road that you go May you sail far to the far fields of fortune With diamonds and pearls at your head and your feet And may you need never to banish misfortune May you find kindness in all that you meet May there always be angels to watch over you To guide you each step of the way To guard you and keep you safe from all harm Loo-li, loo-li, lai-lay May you bring love and may you bring happiness Be loved in return to the end of your days Now fall off to sleep, I'm not meaning to keep you I'll just sit for a while and sing loo-li, lai-lay May there always be angels to watch over you To guide you each step of the way To guard you and keep you safe from all harm Loo-li, loo-li, lai-lay, loo-li, loo-li, lai-lay" I listened to him sing. It was so beautiful and familiar. I don't know how he knew the lullaby that Julien used to sing to me when I was little, but I wasn't about to object to even a little familiarity. Just as he finished, the beautiful woman came forward and handed him a clay cup. "Have her drink it all." He nodded and turned to me. He held up my head and pressed the cup to my lips. I took a sip and automatically spit it out and shove the cup away. "What the hell!" That was the nastiest stuff I'd ever drank, and I've been taking pills and medicine since I was born. Legolas chuckled and nodded. "I know, I know, but you need to drink it all." I frowned at him. "Oh, come on, drink it up!" He held the cup to my lips again, and reluctantly I part my lips and let the fowl liquid slid down my throat. He chuckled again as I made a face, but I began to panic as my vision blurred and my mind started to go all fuzzy. "It's okay!" Legolas called, his voice fading out. "You need rest and the drink is helping you sleep." I took a deep breath and nodded as my eyes grew heavy. I took his hand tight in mine. "Please, don't leave?" I begged. He'd become my normal in like ten minutes. If he left I would have a serious panic attack and die. Well, not die for real, but I'd definitely give these elves a run for their money in trying to keep me functional and not destroying everything within reach, wounded legs or not.