Elladan, and Elrohir were half-way done with it. When it was finished it was set aside and the five of them, even Elladan and Elrohir, pitched in to clean up. While cleaning, the twins got the full story of what had happened before they had come home. "Cute Estel, I didn't think you would ever make another silverware tower" "It was your idea to make the cake green? Where did that come from?" "Arwen, since when do you like to cook? Especially cakes?" "By the way, I love how all three of you are wearing aprons" "Geez Legolas, what happened to your tunic? And your hair?" "Are you sure Ada's going to like green cake?" "Where you two really trying to kill Legolas?" Aragorn groaned. "Great. I'm going to hear about this until my deathbed." Legolas rolled his eyes. "Or until orcs start passing out flowers." Arwen nudged them both. "You know, I do know stories about them as well" Elladan cut her off with one sharp look while Elrohir stole a modest amount of the frosting and flung it at Arwen. It hit her between the eyes. "Hey, no threatening the older brothers!" Elrohir told her with mock authority as she wiped the frosting off her face. Then smiling, she threw it back. Elrohir ducked and it hit Elladan on the cheek. Legolas picked up the small bowl of frosting before anyone else could take more, but Elladan grabbed his arm and stole another handful, aiming for Elrohir but hitting Aragorn. The human swiped it all off and flung what he could back at Legolas. … To make a long story short, the new fight didn't last long. The kitchen again was in shambles again with frosting everywhere, mixing in with whatever had not been cleaned up, and the frosting bowl was emptied over Elrohir's head. Then Aragorn found an apple pie when he ducked into the cool room for cover and threw it at Arwen. Arwen saw it coming and got out of the way, so unhindered the pie sailed out the door and into the hallway. SPLAT "Yeeaaahhh!" a surprised cry came out from the hallway and a tall blonde-haired elf entered the kitchen blindly, pulling the pie plate and fruit off his face. Poor Glorfindel. Elrohir turned to Elladan, smiling slightly, trying to remove clumps of frosting from his hair. "Well, look on the bright side. At least I'm not hungry anymore." That Night When Elrond returned he knew something was up when he was escorted to the dinning hall and told to shut his eyes as all four of his children and Legolas set something "special" in front of him. Elrond's eyes brightened considerably when the shuffling ended and a very sweet smell filled the room as he was allowed to see what was set before him. "Is it supposed to be that color?" Eyes brightened and nods came from the five faces around him. "Really?" Elrond looked down at the cake before him and his smile became rather strained. "What kind of… cake is it?" Aragorn pulled something long and orange from behind his back and drove it deep in the heart of the green cake. "Carrot cake!" he proclaimed proudly. Elladan, Elrohir, and Legolas all burst out laughing. Arwen just stared wordlessly at the man. Elrond leaned his head against one hand and tried to hide the laughing smile that was threatening, but it didn't take long to come out in full color. "Aragorn!" "What? I knew this would be a good idea!" "But… I… a carrot!" Aragorn stared at Arwen. "Of course." Arwen gave in and one hand went over her eyes before she knelt next to her father and finally let out a hearty giggle. "I am never going to cook with a ranger and a… a prince again!" she told Elrond as she leaned her forehead against the side of his armrest, breathing heavily as she tried to halt her mirth. "This was awful! Next time we're getting a cook… or maybe I should call for a guard…" "Oh no Arwen, Estel does even worse with guards on his back-" "For goodness sake Legolas, how could it be worse?" "Having someone breathing down his neck? Are you insane? He'd be about as helpful as a drunk-" "Legolas!" Elrond was completely useless, dissolved in laughter. "All of you! What am I going to do with you?" Elladan tried to be helpful. "Teach them how to cook?" "Like you know how, El…" "I do!" "Sure. What about the pastry you tried to make for mother on her birthday?" "Hey, that was a mistake! It wasn't my fault someone had mixed up the green apple slices with those weird green peppers-" "So are you going to help me eat this?" "Uhh…" "Erm…" "Well, we did make it for you Ada…" "And I shall be terribly insulted if you don't enjoy your own cooking with me!" "Ok…" "Wow, this green color is strange…" "I don't know if I feel like opening my mouth…" On the first mouthful, Elrohir began choking. "Elrohir! Breathe!" Elladan pounded his twin on the back. Once he was back under control, Elrohir looked at the others, appalled. "How-how much sugar is in this stuff?" "Uh-oh…" Legolas, having not yet taken a bite, looked down at his piece nervously. "Legolas?" Arwen asked at the elf prince. "How much did you put in after I left? It only needed a cup's worth." "Well, that answers that question. The TSP thing threw me off so I had to guess…" "Legolas, TSP means 'teaspoon'. What did you think it meant?" "Ten Square Pints?" "YUCK!" Elladan, Elrond, and Arwen all began spitting their green cake bites into napkins. No wonder Elrohir had nearly choked! Aragorn shrugged and tried his own piece. "You know, this isn't half bad!" he proclaimed after a moment, smiling as he chewed thoughtfully. The others just stared at him. "Oh dear Valar save us… only a human…" The End Please review!