– a human-like creature, dark-skinned with grotesque beastly features, was tearing apart at a human arm, a dead body lying at its feet. Blood running cold at the gruesome sight, John tried to put a firm hand on Mirian's shoulder, and he slowly lowered to her ear… "Back away, slowly." He whispered. She couldn't even nod, but started to back away as he said, and he did the same. They did this very slowly to not get the attention of the creature in front of them. It didn't seem to have noticed them as it was too busy eating out the flesh of the victim...that is, until a loud snapping sound quickly made its head turn. Mirian's frightened eyes looked down at the twig she had just stepped on. The beast dropped the arm and now turned fully to them, a grim-like grin spreading across its face as its tongue licked over the lips. There was no other choice now. Gripping tight to Mirian's shoulder, John quickly pulled her off as he broke into a run. Mirian gasped and quickly picked up pace as the humanoid snarled and tailed after them. John's arm and leg were sending jolts of pain throughout his body as he ran, but he couldn't stop. He just couldn't. He kept a tight hold of Mirian's hand as he dragged her at his pace for fear that she might fall behind, and that was the last thing he wanted to happen. "Hurry!" He told her, pulling her more as he kept up the pace, but Mirian couldn't keep up. The woods proved harder to go through when running than walking. She lost her footing and crashed down onto the ground. John skidded to a stop, wincing at the pain before quickly turning around. "Mirian!" He shouted, his eyes horrified at the approaching beast about to maul his daughter. John launched forward to try and get to her first, but he was pushed back by another creature like the first, this one holding a rusty sword in its hand. He fell back onto the ground and cried in pain at the impact it made on his left arm. "Dad!" Mirian shrieked. She looked back at the beast running at her, letting out a blood curdling scream. "Nooo!" John shouted, trying to get up only to get kicked in the stomach by the beast in front of him. "Wretched human!" It snarled, catching John off guard for a split second when it spoke. The beast raised its sword to strike him, but before it could do anything else a swift arrow struck through its skull. An expression of shock was frozen on its face as it slowly tumbled down to the ground, dead. The beast about to attack Mirian got hit by two arrows to the chest, before it also fell over. Mirian quickly scampered away from the fallen body. John stared in utter disbelief, his mind trying to process everything as it all happened so fast. Some voices were heard soon after, speaking a foreign language he had no idea what it was, but fear struck him that they might be dangerous too. "Mirian quick!" He called out to her. She looked back to him and sat up, but the sound of footsteps behind her caused her to look over and freeze once again. John winced as he tried to get up, but someone stepped in front of him, blocking his way. This someone was definitely human compared to the beasts now slain. He looked at the man standing before him, one with long dark hair and a fairly handsome appearance. He spoke in the foreign language before he knelt down. "Are you harmed?" He asked, and this time John understood him. "M-My arm and my leg..." Was all he could say, before his eyes shot over to where Mirian was, being assisted by another man who had long golden hair; she seemed mesmerized by him. The dark haired man in front of him began to inspect his left arm and his leg, running a gentle hand over them. He pulled back when he put a hand on John's arm and he winced. "We must take you to be treated." He said. "Can you stand?" John stared at him, before nodding and slowly stumbling up. The man held him for support, then carefully helped him off. "Dad! Are you okay?" Mirian said, coming up to him, but pausing as she stared at the dark haired one with uncertainty. "I'm fine sweetie. Are you?" She looked back to him and nodded. The golden haired man said something to the dark haired one in the foreign language before they proceeded to take John and Mirian out of the dense woods and into a dirt path where two other people were waiting with horses. "We will ride you to Rivendell. There you will be able to get proper assistance on your injuries." The dark man said to John, who looked at him and nodded. "Thank you… thank you so much for saving us." He expressed, very grateful for them intervening right when he felt that he and Mirian were done for. The man merely nodded to him before motioning for another, one who looked identical to him, to help get John onto a brown horse. The golden haired man helped Mirian onto a gray horse before mounting behind her. Once the dark haired man mounted behind John, the identical one climbed onto another brown horse, and the other man waiting with him climbed onto his. When all were set, they rode off to this so called Rivendell. John's mind kept replaying the chase he and Mirian had with the ugly beast, and he just couldn't wrap his mind around everything they went through. As the horses galloped, John's pain and exhaustion soon caused him to black out. Once again please Rate and Review! I'd really like to know if this story is likeable and if I should continue. Thanks! x