something embarrassing that I don't know about you." "You have other insecurities?" Sam said with obvious interest. Frodo pulled away and looked at him askance. "Maybe," he said evasively. "But it's your turn, remember?" "Yes . . ." Sam said slowly. "But I don't know what to say. I can't just think of something like that on a moment's notice." Frodo regarded him seriously, then nodded. "I understand. I'll give you a pass for now, but you can be sure I'll pull something from you eventually," he said mischievously. "And I'll welcome that," Sam said with a grin, then changed the subject. "Is it time for lunch yet? I'm starving." Frodo laughed. "Yes, it's about time for lunch. And listen to you, you sound like Pippin! Does Pippin still have that tremendous appetite?" "Of course he does. And I think he passed it on to that son of his. You should hear the pair of them at mealtimes! It's a good thing they have cooks, or poor Diamond would never get out of the kitchen." Despite the uncomfortable topics broached during the morning, Frodo -and Sam also- was able to converse easily over lunch, with Frodo asking more questions about his cousins and their families. Sam answered as best as he could, but he was fairly sure he was missing things, since it's difficult to recall sixty-odd years without some prompting. At least the veil's magic had improved his memory along with his body, or he'd still be the absent-minded old gaffer his family had been tolerating for some time. That afternoon, Frodo began showing Sam around the city Avallone, the port of arrival for all elves coming from Middle-Earth. Some of them settled there, but many went further into the island or continued onward to Valinor itself. Being mortal, the hobbits were not permitted in Valinor, and while Frodo was curious about it, he considered Tol Eressea a more than adequate place to spend the rest of his days. The next several days involved gradually acclimating Sam to life on the island, helping him learn the city's layout, and lots and lots of talking, between just the two of them, with Bilbo, with Gandalf, and another brief interaction with Elrond and Celebrian over tea. Whenever he and Sam were with other people, Frodo tended to stay out of the conversation, content to listen and watch Sam as he answered questions about what had passed in Middle-Earth since Frodo's ship had sailed. When they were alone, Frodo found that Sam would let him do the talking all the time if Frodo let him. So he made sure to ask Sam questions sometimes to evenly distribute the burden of the conversation, though Sam would occasionally answer with extremely short responses and not elaborate at all. Frodo glared and scowled at him several times before Sam defended himself. "You don't say much around anyone else!" he argued. "I don't have anything to tell them that they don't already know," Frodo pointed out. "Once you've caught us up on the past sixty years, you won't have to do all the talking." Sam saw the logic, but countered, "And I'd like to know what has happened here in those same sixty years, and no one can tell me if I'm always talking! So I ask you." "Your questions rarely ask about what has happened," Frodo objected. "But if you want to know, nothing happens. Life here is pretty much the same from month to month, year to year. There will be feasts and celebrations when a ship arrives or we have visitors from Valinor, but otherwise it's as uneventful as day-to-day life in the Shire can be." "I've noticed. What I want to know is what you and Bilbo do with yourselves so you don't perish from boredom." "Fish, swim, read, write, mingle with the elves on occasion, talk, eat, sleep, take long walks, muck around in the garden," Frodo listed quickly and dismissively. "You have a garden?" Sam asked with interest. "It's not here, is it? I would've noticed." "No, it's at the other hole. It's nothing much, really. Likely well nigh overrun with weeds by now, but it's a hobby so it doesn't matter if the vegetables don't produce much." "I would be happy to help you with your garden," Sam said earnestly. Frodo smiled. "Good. I hoped you would. You are far better at gardening than me, after all." "I was, but I can't guarantee how well I'll do now. It's been many years since Frodo-lad let me try to do anything in the garden. He feared I'd fall and hurt myself or be unable to get up again." Frodo looked at him steadily a moment, then turned away. "I forget, sometimes, that you were so old when you sailed. It's hard to think of you as being unable to do anything," he said meditatively. "I was rather old," Sam confirmed with amusement. "Old and decrepit, not so good with getting up and down, and more than a little deaf, most like, if I resembled my Gaffer as much as I was told. Going through that veil was . . . well, it was almost like going back in time." "Bilbo would say the same thing," Frodo said. "It was amazing to see him suddenly looking younger again." He grinned. "But I have to say I'm grateful I didn't have to endure old age before coming here. The way Bilbo tells it, it's a wonder anyone can live with all the aches and pains and inconveniences." "You had your share of pain before coming here, but yes, old age isn't for cowards," Sam said, chuckling. "That's almost how Bilbo says it. I'll have to take both of you at your word," Frodo said with a laugh. "Speaking of old, there's an ancient house on the other side of the city that has a number of curious artifacts, much like the Mathom House, if you'd like to see it . . ."