opened the door to his room slowly, not wishing the possibility of any squeaks echoing down the hallway to disturb anyone. The hinges on his door had not been oiled in quite awhile, there really hadn't been a need. He and Elrohir had gotten into the habit of oiling their doors frequently, moving silently was a necessary part of pulling pranks after all, but pulling pranks and thus the silence needed for them had been one of the farthest things from his mind the past six months. He briefly wondered whether any of them would ever feel like having that sort of fun ever again as he stepped out into the shadow draped hallway and quietly made his way towards his brother's room. It seemed unlikely that they would ever find joy again. A sliver of flickering light was visible around the doorjamb when Elladan drew near to Elrohir's room. Well, it appeared that his brother was doing something, Elrohir usually didn't light any candles if he was just awake. Interesting. Knocking quietly, Elladan reached down and turned the latch, not waiting for any acknowledgment as he pushed the door open. If something truly was wrong -other than the usual-, his twin wouldn't care for his company anyway, so he might as well just forge on ahead and hope for the best. The sight that greeted Elladan when the door was open enough for him to slip inside was rather shocking to say the least. Piles of supplies covered his brother's bed and dotted the floor. There were enough supplies in Elrohir's room for a very long, very extended hunting trip. Standing amidst all of this was his brother, who was dressed as if he were going on a hunting trip and was even now packing said supplies efficiently in as few packs as possible. What was all this ? "Is there something I can do for you, Elladan?" Elrohir asked evenly, not looking up as he sorted through a pile of woodworking tools, weeding out the best and pushing the rest off to the side. They would need to last quite awhile and he would definitely need reliable tools for arrow crafting, thus items of the best make and quality were a necessity. He could not do without a handy supplies of arrows, not where he was planning on going. "What is all this?" Elladan demanded in growing confusion as he waved his hand vaguely around the room and carefully began to wend his way over and through the items scattered in piles across the floor. "What are you doing? What's going on?" "I am packing," Elrohir answered simply as he continued to do just that. Equipment for making snares would be a good idea, keeping one's self fed was a necessary evil in any venture taken. "I can see that," Elladan shot back acidly, "What I want to know is why you are packing." "I would think it would be rather obvious," Elrohir said, his voice as deadpan as before, "I am going hunting." "Why wasn't I told?" Elladan dithered as he reached up to rub his forehead. "I didn't know we were going anywhere. I haven't planned for anything. I haven't even started to prepare everything much less start packing." "You were not told because you are not going," Elrohir stated icily as he finally turned to look over at his twin brother. "What? What are you talking about? Of course I'm going with you. We always go together," Elladan kept on dithering, his thoughts becoming more and more perplexed as he lifted his bewildered, grey gaze up to meet his brother's. He flinched at what he saw there. Ice. There was ice unending there, ice and hardened steel that had never before been present in the eyes of his twin, not even after all that had happened with their mother. Elrohir had never looked at him that way before. Why was he doing so now? "You are not going, Elladan, because you are staying here," Elrohir explained as if he were speaking to a young child. There was a moment of utter, complete silence before Elladan exploded, "Why? Why are you doing this? Why are you shutting me out?" "You are staying here because I cannot always watch out for you, eventually something would happen," Elrohir said smoothly as he glanced back down at the organized chaos on his bed, "I am going to kill them, Elladan, and I am going to keep killing them until they are all dead or I am. I cannot handle worrying about you on top of that." "You will leave me alone then?" Elladan asked hopelessly as he grabbed his twin's shoulders and gave him a fierce shake. They were not having this conversation. This was not happening . "You have been alone since you found us in that cave, Elladan, haven't you realized that yet?" Elrohir muttered wearily, his gaze melting just enough for his brother to see how much he had lost, how much was no longer there. "I had hoped differently," Elladan whispered, a beaten, broken note insinuating itself into his voice as he released his twin and turned away. "You will stay here. Do not leave Imladris," Elrohir said, his tone growing stronger and more even as he turned back to the task of packing for a journey he saw no end to, "If I can somehow find my way back, I will return to you. Do not make yourself hard to find." "It is something to hope for at least," Elladan murmured quietly as he sank down onto the very edge of the bed and hung his head. He wiped absently at his cheeks. They were wet again. Would the tears ever stop falling? Surely they would, but he could not seem to make them stop. "There is no hope left for us, Elladan," Elrohir elucidated as he finished stuffing another pack full of the necessary tools for the road ahead, "There is only time."