him at all. Legolas felt another spike of lust pierce his body, obliterating his self-consciousness at being completely nude. He reclined upon the bed, one arm outstretched in what he hoped was an inviting manner. Aragorn smiled eagerly and joined him. They lay facing each other a moment, eyes glowing, limbs trembling anew, before they scooted toward one another. The feel of Legolas' bare skin against his own made Aragorn shake with need. He drew a deep breath as he struggled to control his desire as his mouth claimed Legolas' once more. Slowly, carefully, he urged Legolas onto his back and rose above him. He let his mouth wander down to the column of Legolas' throat. "Aragorn," Legolas panted. "Aragorn, my hair. You're pulling." "What? Oh." Aragorn moved his hand slightly. "Ow! It's still . . ." "My ring," Aragorn apologized. He could feel the strands of hair tangled within it now. Shifting carefully, he managed to untangle the locks and pull them free. "I'm so sorry," he whispered, embarrassed. "I'm fine." Legolas pulled him down for another kiss. Aragorn raised his head with an effort, his eyes glittering brightly as he stared down into Legolas' face. "I love you." "I love you, too," Legolas breathed, pulling Aragorn down for another kiss. His hands roamed Aragorn's back, settling at last as low as he dared, just above the swell of Aragorn's buttocks. Instinct guiding him once more, Aragorn shifted his body until he was nestled intimately between Legolas' parted thighs. The movement brought their arousals into full contact, sending a bolt of pleasure through Aragorn's body. He moved his hips again. Legolas bucked beneath him with a soft cry. Worried, Aragorn stilled and looked at him anxiously. "What is it? Am I too heavy?" Legolas shook his head against his pillow. "Valar, Aragorn. Don't stop." "It's all right?" "Yes." Legolas arched his own hips experimentally against Aragorn's, a smug look on his face as Aragorn groaned and closed his eyes. Aragorn countered with a thrust of his own, effectively wiping the self-satisfied look from Legolas' face and replacing it with one of pure ecstasy. He smiled and bent his head to draw upon Legolas' lips once again as they began to move in tandem, seeking more and more friction. Soon Legolas had wrapped his legs about Aragorn and was now unashamedly clutching his bottom in an effort to bring him closer still. "Legolas . . . you feel so . . . Mmm . . . good," Aragorn moaned, moving near feverishly now. "So do . . . Ah . . . so do you!" It did not take much longer. Aragorn tensed, whispered Legolas' name again and again. Through the roar of his blood pounding and the haze of release he was only dimly aware that Legolas had quickly followed. He shuddered with intense pleasure, at the liquid heat trapped between their bodies. His lips closed over Legolas' once more before his head fell at the junction of throat and shoulder. He awakened in surprise to find Legolas watching him, a contented smile on his face. They were lying beneath a sheet, legs entwined. Aragorn wondered how much time had passed, but quickly decided it did not matter. Legolas slowly trailed a fingertip along Aragorn's eyebrow. "Did you sleep well?" Aragorn nodded, blushing. "I didn't mean to." "I enjoyed watching you." Legolas smiled again before pressing another kiss to the black and purple bruise marring Aragorn's face. When he drew back his features were grave, though a hint of mischief played about his eyes. "So tell me, is this something I must accustom myself to doing . . . tending your wounds, I mean?" "No . . . what?" "You said you have been trying to court me." "Oh. Yes. I have," Aragorn admitted. "And doing a terrible job of it." "I would not say that. Here we are, after all." He tilted his head to the side. "The letter . . . what did it say?" Aragorn blushed again. "That you were the fairest of beings. That I loved you. That more than anything I wanted to know you better." He shook his head and closed his eyes, feeling very foolish again suddenly. "I should have just told you instead of listening to my brothers." "Do not blame yourself for not approaching me, for I have the same fault. In my defense I have never been in love before, so I did not know the best way to approach you either." He shook his head, a rueful look on his face. "I went to your brothers to ask them if it was your way to toy with others' feelings. I knew that I loved you, but your own feelings and intentions were far from clear to me. I should have gone to you instead." "It doesn't matter now," Aragorn whispered, "for as you said, here we are." They leaned in, mouths brushing, tongues sliding together, hands sifting through one another's hair. Reluctantly they drew apart, their breaths shaky. Aragorn trailed his knuckles along Legolas' cheek. "I promise to be more forthcoming in the future. You will have no doubts about my feelings." "Nor you of mine," Legolas vowed, his voice low. Their lips met again, then their bodies fused together. Legolas shifted forward and over, taking Aragorn with him and pressing him into the mattress. He settled between Aragorn's willingly parted legs, trailing kisses wherever he could reach. Aragorn's breath caught then rushed from him in a long moan of approval. A few moments later, warm, sated, they fell back upon the bed. They talked some more, rested a little, cleaned up and crept to the kitchens for sustenance. It was not long before food was the last thing on their minds, however, and Legolas was writhing beneath Aragorn yet again, the remains of their feast neglected on the table by the fireplace. The night was young, and they intended to make the most of it. The End