to the fourth floor in heels…that would be a disaster waiting to happen. The elevator in question was making its progress upwards when it shuddered to a stop, probably between the second and third floors. Jillian inwardly groaned… You've got to be kidding me! You pick now to misbehave?! ...she berated the mechanical ascending contraption in her thoughts as she began pressing buttons in hopes that the machine would respond. And in fact none of them did, not even the emergency call button… Fantastic…we should've taken the stairs…heels be damned… As if the elevator had heard her thoughts, it gave another shudder and a sudden jolt. That sharp movement was all it took to make Jillian's heart feel like it had dropped to the pit of her stomach. Overcome by mounting apprehension she glanced at Professor Carrington who looked equally pale and nervous. His knuckles were white in their tight grip of his briefcase. "Ummm, " she was only able to manage a nervous sounding croak, "this has never happened before…" with as little movement as she could possible manage, she slipped her fingers into the pocket of her purse that held her cell phone, "I'm going to call for help." The only indication that the professor had heard her was a very minute, almost indiscernible nod of his head; apparently he also felt that any larger movement would jeopardize the integrity of their situation. She tried to focus on the illuminated numbers of her cell phone and was just barely able to dial the all too familiar emergency number that was ingrained into every person since childhood. However, despite her efforts, the call never connected. It was when she looked at the phone's screen that she noticed that there was no signal… Shit!!! "…Okay," her voice sounded oddly loud in contrast with the silence that had descended upon the precariously suspended metal chamber, "…I uh…can't get a signal…" "Maybe it will start going again in a few minutes…" Professor Carrington choked out. "I sure hope so…" The elevator gave another shudder and a jolt and then, albeit a bit shakily, it began to rise. Simultaneously, sighs of relief were issued from the elevator's occupants as it resumed its ascension to the fourth floor. "Do you not have stairs?" the professor questioned jokingly as a way to alleviate some of the nervous tension that had latched ferociously onto the enclosed atmosphere with overwhelming palpability. Jillian responded with a nervous laugh and a shaky nod, "Yes…and I will be using them from now on…I'm sure you will be too." "Most definitely." Not a few seconds later, the elevator began to make rumbling, groaning noises that Jillian was sure was attributed to the mechanical workings that kept the elevator aloft. The noises indicated to her that they were grinding together in a manner that betrayed its proper function. These same noises seemed to be the only sounds that reached her ears besides the frantic beating of her own heart. Their ominous tones held a foreboding quality that was answered quite vividly as the cabin sharply and violently dropped a few feet causing the lights to flicker out in its wake. Even those few feet felt like miles to Jillian as the nauseatingly weightless sensation that took hold of her compelled her to grasp the handrails in hopes of anchoring herself against the lack of control the entire situation was thrusting upon her. Even though she could not see Professor Carrington, she had a pretty good feeling that he was holding on for dear life as much as she was. She was about to ask him if he was alright when a sudden violent jerk tipped the elevator's cabin slightly to one side. Her heart was now beating so fast that she could scarcely breathe. Then, all at once, a faint snap that sounded much louder than it should have, sounded above them through the roof of the elevator and they were falling. Through her panic, she somehow knew that it wouldn't be long before the inevitable impact would occur. Her body however was more prepared than her mind as it involuntarily readied itself against the unrelenting force of gravity. And despite her severely scattered thoughts, which even through their disharmony, united in their focus against eminent danger, her attention was sharply grabbed and held by a sudden glow that illuminated the interior of the elevator's cabin. But it was not a welcoming light; neither warm nor comforting. Even though she could now see, and she was able to discern the professor's form up against the opposite wall panel, the eerie glow of the light saturated her senses with a frighteningly oppressive tangibility that made the super fine hairs on the back of her neck stand on end. She was so startled and overwhelmed by the sudden appearance of the malevolent glow that she barely remembered that she was trapped in a falling elevator towards what could very well be the end. But the glow consumed all of her attention. It began to grow in intensity, and as it did so Jillian felt its power seep into every pore of her being. It was making her dizzy; jumbling her already frazzled thoughts, and as it continued to grow she felt herself paralyzed to its supernatural influence. The glow continued to impose itself upon the elevator and its occupants with resounding force. Jillian's head began to pound and she felt sharp piercing sensations at her temples as if someone or something was driving dulled implements into her head. She felt herself on the edge of consciousness, and she was losing the battle to maintain it. Her eyes began to shut of their own accord, and the last thing she felt was a sudden flood of warmth that tingled through her entire body as if countering the ominous force, before nothingness took her. What is to become of Jillian? 'Tis a mystery until next time =) Please review, I'd like to know what everyone thinks=)