anything about the falls! I told her that I was going to play huntsmen with Geru, and that she couldn't come because I don't want her always hanging around. Why can't she make her own friends?" The small girl gasped at this, then glared. It wasn't her fault she had no friends. She was only three, yet she spoke sooner and better than most children. She couldn't befriend children her own age. And Jera didn't want his baby sister around. " I HEARD you say falls. You and Geru and some other boys were going there and you said I was too little and stupid and that girls should stay at home! I heard you! " Jera turned his dark eyes to his mother, "I never said that! She's making it up!" But she's right, Eru, how did she know all that? Did I say it aloud?" The girl turned to her mother with a triumphant grin, "See? I told you!" Her mother stared at her in confusion. "Daughter, what do you mean?" The girl's face became instantly distressed. "He just said it! He said I was right! He was confused because he didn't mean to say it aloud! Mama!" Jera turned to her with horror, "I never said that, I just thought it! I mean... " he cut off instantly, knowing he had given himself away. However, their mother had forgotten all about him and stared at her daughter with growing apprehension. "Can you hear what he's thinking? Sweetie, can you hear what we're thinking?" The girl stared at her mother, then a look of realization crossed her face. She couldn't tell her mama. Those strange times when she heard voices in her head were thoughts. She wasn't supposed to hear them. Her village would call her a witch. With more maturity and understanding than was normal for one her age, she turned to her mother and said, "No mama. Jera's right. I was just making it up. I guess It was just luck that it turned out to be right. I just wanted to play huntsmen too." Her mother's face relaxed and she smiled., but Jera's face had turned into a mask of suspicion... "Oi! Shade, would you stop doing that!" Sam exclaimed irately. The Shade turned a questioning look at him. "You materialized straight out of the trees almost! Would ya at least give us a bit o' warnin' before you jump out at us?" Strider laughed as the Shade strode unruffled to her bedroll. "Maybe you should keep a better watch Sam." "Aye, you're worse than a human at standing guard," spoke the Shade, breaking her silence for the day. She had started to depart from her unbroken silence and had simply become unsettlingly taciturn. Strider spoke over Sam's angry sputters, "Worse than a human? Shade, aren't you a human yourself?" She glared angrily at him. " I am what I am and your knowledge of that doesn't change it." With that she turned over and went to sleep. Or at least, she pretended. Strider turned with a questioning look to Sam, who shrugged. "I don't meddle with the big people Mr. Strider. She's not quite human it seems to me, but I'm not much o' an authority on the Big Folk." Strider stared pensively into the fire. "Apparently, neither am I." Several days later--days spent with the Shade being uncomfortably hostile- the company hurried off the road at the sound of hoofbeats. "Those don't sound like the Black horses," said Strider, ear to the ground. The Shade curled her lip with a look of disgust. "Nay, it's an elf. He's from Rivendell." Strider burst forth to meet Glorfindel, soon followed by the hobbits, but the Shade stayed in the shadows, unseen. Elves. She thought, I've very little direct contact with them. I'm not sure how this one will react. Let's see what his mind is like. The Shade began to probe with her mind, picking up an aura and some stray outer thoughts, before Glorfindel realized that an outside presence was there. Oh, so he knows his tricks, t hought the Shade as she pulled her mind from his grasp. Glorfindel jerked his head and scanned the trees. "Dunadan, there is another presence here, not Nazgul, but not a friendly one. Draw your sword." At first Aragorn looked confused, then he realized that the Shade had not revealed herself. "Not friendly indeed! That is Shade, another member of our company. Shade, where are you?" The Shade hesitated before stepping out of the shadows she blended with so well. Glorfindel recoiled from her at first and then gained control over himself once more. What manner of being was this? "That's right, elf, look scared at the creature before you. We can't all be pretty. You've a sound mind, but I can break it, so don't cross me." Glorfindel scowled at these words and Aragorn gave an exasperated sigh and glared at the Shade. "Shade, this is Lord Glorfindel, of Imladris." Aragorn knew the minute the words were out of his mouth that it was a poor choice of words and the Shade soon had a sword leveled at his throat. Glorfindel however, grabbed his own blade and she whirled to face him. Just as they crossed swords, Aragorn yelled, "Daro, Glorfindel! Shade STOP!" The Shade coolly leveled a gaze as sharp as her blade at him. "Next time, boy, don't presume to tell me manners! And I know elvish perfectly well thanks! Daro would suffice, you dithering fool." Glorfindel stared in shock at the girl who had so suddenly appeared. "Who are you?" The Shade smiled sweetly at him, or at least, her version of sweet. "Ask the Ranger, I'm sure he'll be helpful-" Her head snapped up as if she had heard a sudden noise. "Nazgul!" She hissed. Glorfindel stilled, listening, then shouted to his horse "Noro lim, Noro lim Asfaloth!" Soon they were watching as Frodo and the Riders became smaller on the horizon.