evening. The air outside the smial had a definite chill to it, especially as night had fallen, but within the time-honored walls, all was warm and snug. The gentlehobbit was dressed in a fine white shirt of linen, his burgundy embroidered waistcoat unbuttoned and draped loosely about his lithe frame. His hands were stained with ink, and he would come to find the next morning that he had sported a large black stain above his right eye the better part of the afternoon. His family had found it too amusing to tell him about, though he had wondered about the quickly stifled giggles from a young lass, not to mention his wife's wry grin at surreptitious moments. The stains serving as evidence of a morning of writing, only to have been forcibly pulled from his study to enjoy the burgeoning fall weather from the garden by his wife and oldest daughter. Shortly thereafter the Mistress Rose and Mayor Samwise had come to pay a brief visit for tea, ending the busy afternoon with three teenagers, nine children, one infant, and four parents between them. The sheer ratio was enough to leave all four adults tired and ready for bed by the time dusk had begun to fall and sleepy children were lead to homes and baths and bed. Dinner had been a quiet affair, not much cooking, mostly just the remnants of afternoon tea and leftovers from the evening before. Soon, two hobbit lasses had been tucked in for the night by a sleepy mother, who quickly followed suit herself, with an admonishment to her husband to come to bed soon. The gentlehobbit had settled himself in front of the fire, book in hand, ready for an hour or so of reading before following the suit of his wife and daughters. But, before he had even finished the first few pages, his head had fallen, and his eyes had closed unbidden, surrendering him to a world of dreams. Soon after he had fallen asleep, a dark-haired hobbit lass had stumbled her way into the parlor, seeking to wish her father goodnight. Upon finding him, she had wearily climbed up into his lap, in order to kiss him on the cheek. Finding him unresponsive to her climbing, save a few muttered words about bread and butter, a sigh, and a slight grin as she had kissed him, the lass felt herself also unduly tired. Her father was warm, and soft in his cambric weskit, and the fire was making a lovely sound in the hearth…perhaps just a few moments curled up next to him would not be amiss, she could then scurry back to bed. And, as always in times and places such as that, the few minutes became a few hours, and the lass was found the next morning curled up on her father's lap, her head tucked just beneath his chin, his waistcoat gripped in one small hand. Both figures smiling peacefully as they slept on. The following morning, the Mistress of the smial was the first awake, and after donning a dressing gown over her night shift, began her morning routine of stoking the fires and beginning breakfast for her husband and daughters. She was slightly surprised to find that her spouse was not in bed, and upon checking the room her daughters shared, finding only one sleeping daughter. Shrugging slightly, she was certain they were both together, and therefore could not be getting into too much mischief, and set to finishing her morning routine. She had started in the kitchen, but soon remembered that the parlor fire would need to be properly rekindled, and hurried into the adjoining room. There she found her missing husband and daughter, curled peacefully into his favorite chair, one arm draped loosely over the sleeping child, a pleased smile pulling at the corners of his mouth even in sleep. Smiling indulgently herself, the mistress looked on at half of her sleeping family, noting once again how alike her husband and oldest daughter were. Two heads full of dark curls, the same porcelain fair skin, highlighted along the cheekbones with a rose colored blush. One tall and thin, the other small and ethereal, both looking more elven than any Hobbit truly had the right to be. She was often told of how her daughter looked very much like her long dead mother-in-law, and even from her childhood memories she could see the truth of the statement. It was the eyes more than anything else…now closed and peaceful in sleep; those overly large eyes, morning glory blue in color, they had long been a staple of the Baggins family, though Frodo's Brandybuck mother had shared that same shade. Her husband's eyes were more singular than most, and her daughter did him justice as well. It often amazed her how she could see so much of her relatives in the faces and forms of her small family. How time weathered on, and memory lived in new faces, new voices with each passing generation. It was odd sometimes, a look, a smile, laugh, gesture…the fall of a lock of hair or the angle of step…familiar but unfamiliar too, a moment belonging to the past, but now finding its way easily into the present and future. Padding silently into the room, she took a final moment to capture their image, and to breath in their combined scents of warm bread, milk, sunshine and grass that was a hobbit child, and the friendly musk of old books, dust, ink, seeming memory itself that pervaded her husband at all times. She then took an extra quilt and snugly tucked in her sleeping charges, happy to have been given such a lovely morning greeting. 10/28/04 Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction, no copyright infringement or monetary gain is intended, received, or sought. This is fulfillment of my desire to play in the world of LOTR for a time, a paltry offering of acclaim to a incredibly talented writer.