told. She is moved out of her home state and to the large hustle and bustle of New York City. She is taken in and is immediately worried. The place she now lives in is dirty, stinky, and crowded. Her first night is quiet as she tensely tosses and turns. Her first day is spent in her room, however, as her second night falls, all quiet is broken. Her new 'father' arrives with his buddies, drunk. As Aria mentioned to Legolas and Aragorn, her 'father's' buddies weren't nice. They got too close to the poor eleven year old. Now to keep this relatively safe for the young to read, we shall not go into too much. This goes on for the poor girl for another three years. She is then fourteen and staring on her ninth home as she is automatically adopted by a couple in Sacramento, California. Now, Aria pays much more attention to the world of fantasy than reality, caring not to see the ugliness she must go through, never understanding what was going on and never taught. The home of the couple was nice. It was clean, big, quiet, and all around well cared for. Aria is happy for six months, well not happy, for she hardly knows what the word means. She is content, keeping to her room, reading, when not in school. When in school, she pays attention, does her work, and never talks. Doing only enough to survive and blend in being invisible. Her new family is kind and try to reach out to her. Slowly, Aria comes out of the shell of emotionless that she has built in the first fourteen years of her life. As she opens her eyes and sees the love that has appeared in her world. She is awed and fearful. Now, you, Reader, may be asking, 'Okay, what happens next?' I'm sorry to say that something does happen next in a very bad sense. Her new family is brutally murdered shattering the quiet peace that Aria had rapidly grown used to in those six months. Before moving onto the next horrendous chapter of Aria's life, I feel it necessary to mention something that is of some near-great importance or I wouldn't need to mention it, of course. While in the comfortable home of the couple in California, Aria received a necklace from her new mother. This necklace was gold. Yes, real gold. It had a simple chain. It had a gold circle hanging from it, roughly the size of a nickel. It within this circle of gold was a web of gold that created just that, a web of gold. The design was of next to no importance. This necklace was found in an old antique shop, sold by an old lady, who told Aria she should always keep it on or at least near her, for it was essential to her future. Aria did not regard this advice, but kept is on or near her due to the feeling of tolerance and caring she got from the woman who had given it to her. Now, continuing on with Aria's dismal and darkly sad, loveless life. At fourteen and a half, Aria is placed back in the foster care system. She is then adopted by an exceedingly wealthy woman that could be acutely described as a real life Cruella de Ville. Aria was given a nice room and nice things. Aria was mildly content, for a single night. Upon her second night, she was awakened very roughly and taken down below the mansion, to its basement. Again for the mental stability and health of the younger readers, it is best not to get into the goings on of what happened beneath the mansion of the 'Cruella de Ville'. However, for the reader to understand it is mandatory to say, this is where she got her worst memories. When poor Aria was finally saved from this Hell, for that is what it was to her. Aria was as strange and odd and bright as she is when we met her at the very beginning of this story. She saw only a single home for a single month before coming to a rest at the age of seventeen years, four months old, at the home she now occupies, in great comfort, conversing with Aragorn and Legolas. Aria in her horrors at the 'Cruella de Ville' mansion, formed exactly eight different personalities, which she names six after types of thought and the other two being her Command Thoughts, and her Subconscious Mind, who hardly speaks, thus the name. The other six names being, Enlightening Thinking, Frightening Thinking, Negative Thinking, Positive Thinking, Sane Thinking, and Insane Thinking. Nothing more need be said about them, their personalities will become much more obvious throughout the course of this story. Now, about her simple acceptance of Legolas's and Aragorn's claim to who they are. I believe I already mentioned her more acute acceptance of the fictional to the nonfictional. She has accepted these two due to the fact that they, A: maybe who they claim to be; or B: a figment of her imagination, something that runs wild throughout her many Thoughts. Either way she is ready and willing to accept one or the other, or both, because the Lord of the Rings was and is her favorite story and she know that in the end they all end up happy, many sailing to the Undying Lands to be free of their pain forever. She has also had many of her favorite characters help her and her Thoughts through their pain and it helped a great deal. Another reason for easygoing and accepting nature. No more need be said of Aria. What else that needs to be known of her will be revealed through telling of this story. Speaking of which, let's get back to it. I believe Aria's Command Thoughts just told Enlightening Thinking to be quiet about Aragorn's and Legolas's arrival being interesting.