the room and I set out to speak with the men about our closing time. Hetty didn't say a word to me for a while after that. She kept trying to engage the visitors in frivolous conversation instead. Finally Mage had to take her aside and ask her to serve quietly. I stole several glances at the table myself, and once I caught the elf looking at me with that curious confused expression again. It was rather unnerving and I could only assume he might in fact suspect my mixed heritage. "Be a good Lass and bring us more ale!" The rowdy table had finished eating but still had made no move to clear out. I sighed. "I think you have had enough Tarvish." The man was a regular, and he regularly drank too much and had to be escorted out by Auron himself. I went over and started collecting their plates and glasses. "Well then." He said patting his lap, "Come and sit for a spell, it wont take long." He and his friends laughed suggestively. That's when things turned into a blur. As I turned away from the men, I made eye contact with Hetty and she took off to get Auron. Then I felt a hand grab at my bottom, and I was pulled back towards the table by my own skirt. A flurry of motion happened around me then. I saw in slow motion Auron come through the back door, Mage scowled and grabbed a big wooden ladle and then a blur of movement to my left, followed by a thud, and then silence. I was free and I turned around to see what had happened. Right there, his handsome features marred by anger, stooped Legolas. He loomed above Tarvish pinning him with steely eyes. His voice was still smooth and calm, but louder and foreboding when he said, "If you ever touch her again, I will gut you where you sit." His hand firmly held the hilt of a scimitar, the scimitar that had apparently plunged though the sleeve of my assailant's jacket and into the table, pinning him in place, the blade millimeters from his arm. Legolas pulled the blade from the table, giving a last warning look at the men, and stalked away, exiting the Inn altogether. The room fell completely silent again. Mage and Auron, Hetty behind him, were frozen. Legolas's friend Aragorn, half out of his seat, slowly lowered himself back down. Only Gandalf sat calmly smoking his pipe, an amused expression on his face. Auron ushered the shocked locals out, despite their drunken apologies, and closed the door hard behind them. Then he looked up at me. "You ok Mindle?" I think that was the moment I started breathing again. It wasn't that unusual for traveling customers to get out of line after a few meads, but for the most part it was pretty safe at the Inn because Auron's mysterious reputation was known throughout the small town. Tarvish was just a bad egg that kept coming back, though he had never before gotten as brave as he had tonight. Auron looked to Gandalf. "You must thank your friend for me." The wizard puffed smoke above the table and chuckled. "Of coarse, of coarse." Mage and Hetty cornered me behind the bar as I removed my apron. Mage was quiet, just watching me get ready to leave. Hetty started giggling and said, "He saved ya! I wish I had taken Tarvish's table now!" We had actually been taking turns when he came in lately, and ironically it had been Hetty's turn, but she also wanted a turn waiting on Auron's friends so I had stepped in for her. Mage scowled at the girl. "Hetty, are ya a few drinks short in yer barrel?" I agreed with Mage. "It was embarrassing to say the least." Hetty shook her head disagreeing, "Now you have a reason to talk to him." I said nothing, and I think that made both women more suspicious. "No one will be talking with that him if their smart, your both knowing elf men cant be trusted." Mage admonished. Hetty laughed. "I do hope your right!" Mage shooed her off. "Go see if our friends need anything else, you're still on duty." She then hugged me and asked again if I was ok, and I really was. It had all happened so fast I never thought I was in danger. I headed to the door and Mage followed. "Don't let him fool ya with his fair face, elves can cast terrible spells on women they want." She said in my ear. "And keep your hair down." I shrugged her hands off my shoulders. "We don't even know each other, so don't worry, and there's no way he wants me. " She looked skeptical. "I don't know, I noticed him noticing you." I sighed. "I think he knows, he just seems curious to me." Mage smiled at me, "I'm sure he does, you're a sight prettier than most mere mortals love." I rolled my eyes and kissed her cheek. "Goodnight mum." I had not walked two steps outside the building when a flash of lightning lit up the town, startling me. Before I could walk another step the rain came, hard rain, the kind that soaks through your layers of clothes in seconds. I stopped and smiled to myself thinking about Legolas's prediction. I lifted my face and let the water hit me for a few moments. Some of the lights in the nearby buildings came on despite the late hour and I heard a few doors creak open, it hadn't rained in so long and many of the farmers would be celebrating tomorrow. Then as I turned to head towards the barn, I saw him. Standing in the darkness, looking non the worse for the weather stood Legolas. He looked up at the sky and back at me and smiled. Then he turned and disappeared into the darkness.