The quiver and bow shifted against his back. "Estel will survive and he will return for the Undomiel - of this I hold fast to believing. But, she has to stand steadfast to the decision he has forced upon her. For now at least. Estel must believe that she is safe - gone on to the grey havens. If he fears she is in danger, he will not be able to act upon his destiny. I hope that she understands this as well." The twins nodded. "She will need your support," Legolas looked to each of them in turn. "Both of you. Don't let her fall into despair. That is my only worry." "We will not travel to the gray havens until the ring is destroyed, even if beyond that," Elladan said. "We make a promise to you, and to Arwen," he put his right hand on Legolas' left shoulder. "We will not let despair take her." Elrohir placed his left hand on Legolas' right shoulder. The prince of Mirkwood placed his hands on their outstretched arms. "Hope is what we have. Hope is what will lead us to protect middle-earth. And, in essence, hope leads us," he referred to the elven name Elrond had given Aragorn. Estel. "If we fail in our mission, Sauron will cover the lands in darkness. There will be no more Imladris, no more Lorien, no Mirkwood," he took a deep breath. "No more Undomiel." Elladan removed his hand from the prince, placed it over his heart and held it out in a traditional elven fairwell. "Deriband, Legolas Thrandulion." Legolas returned the gesture. But Elrohir broke with tradition as he stepped forward and took Legolas into a warm embrace. "Keep our little brother safe, Greenleaf," he whispered in the prince's ear. Legolas chuckled to himself. With all the promises of keeping Estel safe, when would he have time to keep Frodo from harm? With a final nod to each of them, the Prince of Mirkwood moved past them to the doors of Elrond's home and the courtyard beyond. ~*~ "Legolas." The prince turned to his right before descending the stairs down to the front gates of Imladris. Who could be calling to him now? Estel stood several feet away. He was dressed in a simple dark shirt and dark trousers. He did not wear his coat, nor his bedroll and short-bow. His sword hung at his side. "Estel." "You are rested?" Legolas eyed his friend warily. "Yes - very much. Have you and Gandalf discussed our path to Mordor?" Estel nodded. "At great length, I'm afraid. I have just left him." "Then you are ready?" "I am..." he paused. "I have a few things I need to attend to." He glanced behind him to a shaded path that led to the woods. To Gilrean's memorial. The prince nodded. "Then I will leave you to your thoughts." As he turned to go, Estel called his name again. Legolas looked back at him, turning at the waist, his dark eyebrows arched in question. Aragorn's expression was passive, unreadable. "What I did..." he shook his head. "I did because I love her. Don't think ill of me." "It is not to me you owe an explanation, Strider." Legolas purposefully used the nickname he'd given to Estel upon their first meeting. He was not Estel now, but the ranger, the Dunadan that would lead them all to the Mountain of Doom. For now, on their journey, the time of formality and duty had begun. "You are right in believing she came to me. She did. I comforted her as best I could." Legolas fixed his brow in a straight line, knowing it gave him a stern countenance. "You have much changed since I last saw you, Strider. You have become much the hardened Ranger. In your face I see lines, weighed down with pain and responsibility. You rarely smile, old friend. You will not allow yourself happiness, not even its promise. But in your eyes I still see the human I befriended - the human your father named --hope- - the human that will lead this quest - the human that will one day take his rightful place." He gave a slight smile. "You do what you feel is right. And I will do what I feel is right. And though our paths in this manner be different, our ultimate end is the same." "What does that mean?" But Legolas was done talking. He knew his words to Estel were vague - but the elf understood them. Aragorn believed he must distance himself from Arwen for her protection and his own. Legolas would keep himself near, to protect the both of them. He turned and moved quickly down the stairs to where Boromir and two of the hobbits waited in the courtyard. ~*~ Eight of the Nine stood near the gates. Arwen stood flanked by Trelan and Raniean. They were packed and ready to depart once the Nine had left.Arwen's expression was firm, yet Legolas could see the sadness and hurt in her blue eyes. As Elrond and Estel approached from the direction of Gilraen's memorial, Legolas stepped forward to Arwen. She smiled at him, her left hand at her breast. Legolas placed his right hand at his. In unison they held their opposing hands out, then touched one another's cheeks in a parting farewell. "Namarie," she said softly. "May the peace of the Valar protect you." "And you, Undomiel," Legolas turned and kissed her hand as it remained on his cheek. "I will watch him, Arwen. I have promised." "I know, dear prince. I know." He bowed to her and lowered his hand. She lowered hers, and then her gaze was drawn away from Legolas to something behind him. He turned and saw Aragorn had joined the others, though the ranger's gaze was focused on the fair maiden beside Legolas. Legolas took his place to the right of Boromir as Elrond stepped up and bade the Fellowship farewell.