up from her seat and walked towards the door. "Thank you, Mithaira," she said before leaving her chambers. The soft tread of her own footsteps were soon accompanied by the familiar step of her brother as she made her way through the corridors to the entrance hall. Sure enough her older sibling fell in step beside her, and she briefly glanced at him as they walked together. He was wearing a moss green doublet with a white tunic underneath, their crest splayed in white across his chest. His hair was combed and clean and the dirt on his face had been wiped away. Without looking at her directly he said, "How long do you think they will be?" "I hope not too long. I don't want to be in this gown longer than I have to be," she replied, not breaking stride. "Neither do I," agreed Elfwine, looking down at his formal clothes. Looking pleasantly surprised, Lithwen said jokingly, "I didn't realize you were interested in dressing yourself in ladies' garb, my dear brother." He didn't get a chance to reply as they reached the entrance hall and saw that their mother and father were already there, surrounded by various members of the king's council. King Eomer and Queen Lothiriel stood side by side, talking idly with smiles on their faces while they awaited the arrival of their guests. The two siblings moved closer to the shadows and away from their parents and the other nobles that they were not fond of speaking with. They stood there in comfortable silence for fifteen minutes before the arrival of their guests were announced by a tall man with curly brown hair - a guard from the main gates into Edoras. The king and queen both smiled and went outside to await the guests, the rest of the people following closely behind the royalty. Elfwine and Lithwen soon found themselves outside as well, ushered there by a council member despite their struggles to stay inside. The group of people looked down to see a large host walking up the stairs to the Golden Hall. In front of them was a man with a gold crown on his head and a smile on his face. Beside him was dark haired elf woman, a matching crown on her head. "Welcome, my dear friends!" cried Eomer, walking forward eagerly to meet the group as they walked up the final steps to the threshold of the castle. "It has too long since our last meeting, Elessar," he said to a man at the head of the company. The good friends embraced briefly, and King Elessar said, "Things have been busy..." looking at his queen, Arwen Undomiel, who looked extremely pregnant. "Only a few more months now before another one is on the way..." Arwen smiled at Eomer and walked forward, still graceful with each step despite the added weight. She hugged him as best she could, and then hugged Lothiriel in turn, the Rohirrim queen looking absolutely ecstatic to see the queen. Lithwen watched this reunion with a little curious interest, but decided she would rather not be seen. So, quite expertly, she scooted behind her brother, peeking around his broad shoulders to look at the gathering every once in a while. "I wish I were inside..." whispered Elfwine to her, a small smile on his face. "Same here," Lithwen replied, then noticed three children walk up to stand next to their parents. The only boy there looked to be Elfwine's age, one girl about four years younger than herself, and the third girl no younger than five. "Hey, Elfwine...who are they?" she whispered. "That's Eldarion, Elewen, and the young one is Eldariya," replied Elfwine, the smile growing larger. Then he walked away from he extremely unexpectedly, and went to talk with Eldarion, leaving Lithwen in the open to be seen by all the foreign people. Lithwen mentally cursed herself. Why did her brother have to know Gondor's prince? She knew that they had become friends, when Elfwine had visited a year ago for a few months, but why did he have to leave her feeling vulnerable and in the open? "Lithwen, come here and meet our guests," her father said, startling her out of her thoughts. Eomer was looking at her expectantly, and her mother looked positively gleeful. Trying to look as pleasant as possible even while she quaked inside, Lithwen walked towards her parents and her guests. As she walked she examined the faces of the unfamiliar royalty. King Elessar stood with a proud and breathtaking stature. His face was kind, but commanded respect in the most vast ways. The queen had soft lines across her face, faint signs of age that her husband also possessed. But she was still regal, and had a surreal sense of beauty around her. Everyone knew the stories about the elf-queen, the other-worldly leader of the great race of Man, but Lithwen didn't expect someone so gentle and radiant. And the king she had always pictured was a great brute of a man with strength that surpassed hundreds upon hundreds. Yet she was presented with the strong, yet benevolent man before her. "Lithwen, this is King Elessar and Queen Arwen," her mother said, introducing them with a friendly familiarity. "Child, you haven't changed at all since the last time we saw you," Arwen said. Her voice is even beautiful , Lithwen thought numbly. "You probably don't remember meeting me before though, do you? You were so young then. But you have still grown so much." Lithwen gazed at the queen, trying to remember anything that might connect the queen with a memory. But when she couldn't, she smiled and shook her head. "I'm afraid I can't recall you," she replied courteously. "That's alright, Lirimaer," the queen replied. Arwen smiled again, and while Lithwen thought about how lovely she was, she felt a sense of recognition and a feeling of remembrance of the smile. Lirimaer - My Lovely Date 11/7/04