light and I found myself looking out the window to broad daylight. Birds chirped and circled the sky. Wind rustled the leaves of the tall oaks. I looked around myself. Legolas' room was swathed in the comfortable glow of morning light. Beside me, the Prince let out a deep breath and looked at me with a strange mix of emotions in his eyes. The ocean waters were calming but left behind swells of relief, pain, uneasiness, and an intense desire to be out of the room. A desire which I wholeheartedly shared. Before we could even move, however, there came a knock at the door. We turned simultaneously and stared at the heavy wooden door. Another knock came, followed by Aragorn's voice. "Legolas? Legolas, may we enter?" I could hear Legolas breathing and could almost hear his thoughts of uncertainty. "Yes," the Prince said, his voice devoid of emotion, as we began to rise. The door swung open immediately. Aragorn and Elladan stood just outside. Behind them stood Eruhir, the Elf who rode here with me from Rivendell and had written Elladan's account, as well as Isorfinduil, a Wood-Elf and friend to all of us, escpecially the Prince. The two Elven guards stood to either side. All six stared in at us with confusion and worry written on their faces. I imagine we looked rather odd, having just risen from the floor, my right pant leg rolled above the knee and Legolas's robe hanging loosely at his elbows. No one said a word as they slowly came into the room, their eyes roving over the circular arrangement of nightstands, tables, and chairs that held the now extinguished candles. Some were overturned from our struggles and our swords lay unsheathed on the cold floor. They could not see our burns. Finally Eruhir broke the silence, asking the question that was clearly on all of their minds. "What...happened?" I could not begin to sort my thoughts into a way of explaining what had happened. "We need a healer," Legolas said bluntly. I knew his back must still be burning fiercely. I was still unable to place weight on my right leg. "For what?" Aragorn said carefully. I could see in his eyes that he knew that something very strange and dark had happened to us. I could tell that he was afraid of the answer he was going to get. "We have been...marked," the Prince said, and I noted the way he avoided using the word 'branded'. "Marked?" There was still a lingering feeling of surreality in the room though I knew now that it was not from black magic but from the distance that had been placed between Legolas and I and the others. How could they possibly understand what had just taken place? We did not even understand it. How would we ever begin to explain to them what we had seen and felt? Wishing to end the vague words being passed between us, words that did not really help them to understand, I touched Legolas' shoulder. He looked at me and I saw that he also was wondering how we could possibly convey our experience. One step at a time, I told him with my gaze. Slowly I turned him around, exposing the brand on his bare back. Exclamations broke out behind us, Aragorn and Isorfinduil coming forward. "Show them your leg, Elrohir," Legolas said to me and I twisted enough for them to see the smaller version of the design on my calf. And then the clouded air seemed to clear as questions poured from them and we answered them as best we could, one at a time. "Do you have any other injuries?" "No." "Did you see who did this to you?" "No. We saw no one." "How long ago did you receive these burns?" "Within fifteen minutes. Legolas's within five minutes. I believe." We exited Legolas's room as the questions continued to come. Elladan assisted me with an arm around my waist. Stepping into the warm, airy hallway was like taking that first breath of fresh air after being inside a musty cave for too long. I watched Legolas closely and noted the tension that was released in his shoulder muscles. "And you believe that these burns are targets?" Elladan inquired after some discussion, confusion evident in his voice. "Why then would they target Elrohir along with Legolas?" Aragorn and Isorfinduil were both inspecting Legolas' back as we walked. "Interesting design," Aragorn murmured, apparently not speaking to anyone inparticular. "We believe," Legolas said with a somewhat reluctant sigh, "that the assassins are not aware that there are two of you. Or at least they were not last night. They wished to avenge the death of the sorceress and so they marked what they thought was you." I felt Elladan's hand tighten ever so slightly on my waist. "Then," he began, his temper rising, "I shall make sure that they do not make the mistake a second time. They will have to see that it is not Elrohir but I that killed the sorceress. Brother, I'm not letting you leave my side until this is resolved. Day and night, we shall be together so that when they spy on us they will see both of us and know their folly." I knew that Elladan would not give me much choice in the matter and so I remained quiet. Inside it comforted me to know that he would be right next to me until it was over. "Even so," Aragorn said quietly, evidently saying something he did not wish to, "from the much larger size and more central position of Legolas' burn, it appears that he remains their primary target." We fell silent. The healing rooms were just up ahead but we still had a length of the hallway to travel. And then Elladan spoke with a dark note in his voice. "It is a dark day indeed when innocents suffer a condemnation that is fit for evil."