you think you're going?" came Peregrin's familiar voice, and Frodo realized this must be some kind of conspiracy. "It is none of your business!" he snapped, clutching the Ring tighter. "Oh? I thought you'd like an escort as you set out for Mordor. That's all. Of course, if you wish to die, I'd be happy to call them off." Frodo didn't fail to notice that the wizard was holding his staff pointed straight at him, and that this probably wasn't the casual mistake it appeared. "Fine," he said. After all, he had the ability to turn invisible. It shouldn't be too hard to give them the slip. "So. I'll introduce everyone. Here we have Gimli, the Dwarf." "Elf! I'm an Elf! Are you blind!?" the Dwarf cried, pointing viciously at the stilts on which he was balanced. He had also cut off his beard and glued some pointed leaves to his helmet, which apparently were supposed to resemble Elf-ears. "Yes. Of course," Peregrin said, trying not to look disgusted. "Gimli the Elf. And next we have Boromir, son of the Steward of Gondor. He rode a rather long way to be here, and actually… he might as well have stayed in Gondor and met you there, now that I think about it, but alas, he is already here, so we will not reject his nobly offered assistance." "I am not so noble as he makes me sound," Boromir corrected the wizard modestly. "I'm just glad to be of service, Master Hobbit. If there is any way I can save you, or protect your Ring from thieves, even through a pointless death, so be it." He bowed to Frodo. "And this is… Legolas, the prince of Mirkwood. He, um, volunteered back when he was alive, so…" Peregrin indicated a very ugly dead Elf who was sprawled in the mud off to the side. (Dead is the opposite of immortal, right?) Frodo shot Peregrin a skeptical look. "Well, who were we to deny him his final wish? He'll be strapped to Sam's pony's back the whole time, so he won't slow us down or anything." Peregrin cleared his throat uncomfortably. "Oh all right. To tell the truth, Lord Elrond chose the members of your company, not me. At any rate, the last four are Aragorn, Meriadoc, myself, and Samwise. Oh! I almost forgot Gandalf. Gandy, come forward. Don't be shy." A small toddler stepped out from behind Boromir, sucking his thumb. Frodo would have been more shocked and confused by this, but he was still trying to understand something else Peregrin had said. " Sam is coming!?" Sam cackled maliciously, sharpening the edge of his sword. "Yes, I tried to talk Elrond out of it, but he just kept dancing around and refused to listen," Peregrin admitted wearily. "At least you'll have more people to watch your back this time." No sooner than the words left Peregrin's mouth, Merry raised a large boulder above his head and hurled it at the wizard's back. If he hadn't bellowed deafeningly right before this, like he always did, he might actually have succeeded in killing him. As it was, Peregrin brought up his staff and deflected the large projectile with a bubble-like magical shield, and it glanced harmlessly off to the side. Well, almost. It hit Legolas, but as he was already dead, this still counts as not having harmed anyone. "That's it! I've had it with this troll! Every time my back is turned, I have to fight off another boulder! I'm going to—" "Cheerio! What seems to be the problem, my good friends?" called Elrond, dancing up the row of mud huts toward the group with a ridiculously huge smile. "This will never work!" Peregrin shouted in his face. "You couldn't have chosen a worse Fellowship of the Ring if you had tried!" "Oh? You have a complaint? You haven't even seen them in action yet." "So far, all the 'action' has consisted of attempts on my life by this troll, and I have good reason to fear Frodo will be next! You cannot send his worst enemy with him and expect it to end well!" A vein bulged from the wizard's forehead. He didn't usually get so easily upset, but the strain of traveling with Frodo, Sam, Merry and Aragorn for several days straight had pushed him dangerously close to the edges of insanity. "But Boromir has said he'll watch Frodo's back. Problem solved. Anything else?" "Yes! This Elf is dead! And this Dwarf is bloody awful at using stilts, yet insists they're his legs, and refuses to leave them behind! Gandalf is only three years old, and Aragorn, no offense, is an insufferable coward! There isn't anyone in this group, other than myself and possibly Boromir, who I would even consider sending along! And that includes Frodo as well!" "What!?" Frodo demanded. "You just want the Preciousss for yourself!" "What!?" Gimli demanded. "You think these are stilts?!" "What!?" Boromir demanded. "You really think that highly of little old me?" "What!?" Aragorn demanded. "I'm not an insuff—oh, wait. Yes I am." "What!?" Sam demanded. "You forgot to include me in your rant?!" "Wha?" asked Gandalf innocently, and then popped his thumb back in his mouth. "Auuuuuugh!!" Merry bellowed, stomping the nearest seventeen mud huts flat. Legolas's hair blew around a little in the breeze. Elrond's permanent smile faltered for a moment, but then he clapped Peregrin on the back and said, "You see? They believe in themselves! And majority always rules! That's my policy! It makes everyone happy, you see. Now, off with you! You've a lovely little stroll ahead of you, and I don't want to keep you any longer." "Lovely little stroll indeed," Peregrin muttered under his breath. This was going to be one long, painful journey. He had a bad feeling that even if any of them made it to Mordor, it would be in the same shape as Legolas. "Come along, everyone, let's get this over with." ~*~