was left to smirk, alas, as the crowd, all save the king and swordsman, bowed their heads to him—a decidedly less tall welcome than his taller friend had received short moments before. Legolas paid no heed to the restrained receipt of his friend, and motioned Gimli down to follow him. "Come Gimli, I shall present you to my king and father." Making his most graceful and least noisy dismount, Gimli landed, pulled himself to full height and walked beside the prince's elbows to stand before the royal party. The nobler two regarded him with the non-committal face elves obviously spent their eternity perfecting; the simplest one finally split some glowing attention from Legolas to him—the most approval and curiosity any elf had ever shown him save, again, Legolas and the Lorien Lady. "My lords," said the prince, "May I present my gwador (1)Gimli, son of Glóin, warrior of Erebor." Gimli bowed slightly and sincerely, in modesty and greeting, adding his own, accented, " Mae Govannen ." The king's eyebrow reared approvingly at the unexpected utterance. "Gimli, may I present you to," and gestured in turn to each, "Thranduil Oropherion, King under the Canopy,(2) and Lord of the Woodland Realm." Gimli bowed deeply to the sovereign, awed both by stories told him of the king and by his presence here. The king gave only the slightest nod forward, though his expression now held some graciousness. Next came the swordsman, and "To Thalind Bellerion, a captain of Mirk- of Eryn Lasgalen." The men of the blade nodded to each other smartly and without expression. Finally Legolas brightened and turned to the staffman, whose odd attire and odder reactions joined the prior introductions to grant Gimli a sudden insight as to his identity. Not waiting to be introduced, he spoke to show his familiarity with his hosts. "And this must be your elder brother, Arandrandaur, the great warrior of the woods." At his speaking, their expressions fell instantly, and so Gimli adjusted his guessed introduction to be more… generous. "…Great alongside your greatnesses, of course?" He glanced back and forth among them for some glimmer of redemption in their face. He received none. The staffman swallowed, and broke his silence softly to correct the error. "Nay, Master Dwarf. Prince Arandrandaur… fell… in defense of his homeland against Dol Guldur; you have just seen Legolas made crown prince in his turn." He glanced from Gimli to the king, letting his consolation finally rest on Legolas whose crowning shock returned with the spoken confirmation. Gimli swallowed hard and shuffled in embarrassment and in grief for his friend's family. His look offered his regrets to each, including last the staffman. "My apologies all, I did not know. For I could not think at first of whom else might stand beside the king and captain. But now I see I have earned your disdain with my hasty words." Needing much to right his wrong, he volunteered another name from Legolas' stories likely to be among this important greeting party. "May you then be the good friend, of whom Legolas sang at times? Are you Melethnin?" Again the faces around him held no release, though Legolas' eyes gaped openly in shock at this utterance. And again, it was the staffman called, who broke the stony stares to smile and laugh, "You are brave indeed, sir dwarf, to guess a stranger in the presence of sire and soldier and, guessing wrongly, to try again so amusingly." Smiling broadly behind closed lips, he raised his eyebrows and looked to Legolas for confirmation for his last points. "I hope that it was I of whom our young prince sang, for I am indeed his meleth nîn , his own love. But my name… is Iavasulad."(3) The elf stood tall against his staff, reached out and took Legolas' hand in his. Gimli gaped at his second mistake, and grumbled reproach to himself. His having broken the heavy moment he had created, the others broke into laughter, his mistakes washing away in their melodic tides. Legolas placed a re-assuring hand upon his shoulder, and finished his introduction. "My friend, I present to you my friend and love, whom I call Dunthon." Dunthon bowed deeply, balanced between his staff and the strong grip of the archer prince. Gimli took comfort in this return to formality, and returned the gesture for honest respect and humble pardon, his axe at his side. Both stood smiling. Legolas took the moment to release the dwarf, and swept his melethron( 4) into a deep embrace, quick kiss and gentle rest of closed eyes, touching foreheads and wide, serene smiles. Gimli took great joy to see his friend so clearly happy, while the on-looking elfhost stood somewhat shocked by this most un-elven display. Even the expressive Dunthon was surprised at so mortal an outburst of emotion, but feeling the same relief on reuniting, gave in wholly and happily. Recovering and reacting first, the Elvenking shouted over his son and the scene, "Make ready, my people, for tonight we feast a Homecoming Welcome to our Ringfellows!" And with that he turned, gracefully, on his royal heels and was followed back through the cavern doors by Thalind and several assorted elves around. Legolas and Dunthon finally stepped apart as the crowd around broke, still hand in hand. Dunthon smiled warmly at Gimli, "Come my new-met old friend, the dinner hour approaches quickly. Let us find you fitting quarters for companion to both Ringbearer and royalty." 1 Sindarin: "sworn brother" 2 Thanks to fanfic author Kida Greenleaf, for the description of Mirkwood as the "Empire below the Canopy," which I adapted with the dwarf title for the ruler of the Lonely Mountain. 3 Sindarin: iavas "fall, autumn" sûl "wind." Here I have knowingly broken a Sindarin rule governing consonant soft mutations in compounds, as I feel the grammatically correct iavashulad sounds unelvishly slurred. Instead I opted to drop the problematic second 's' as redundant, rather than retain and mutate it. 4 Sindarin: "lover"