of his jaw as the boy glared at his wine cup. He raised an eyebrow and waiting for the explosion of youthful wrath that he knew was only a matter of time. He was not disappointed. Within minutes of his father's departure, Erithain stood up, drained his wine cup and set it down with an echoing thud and left the hall. Erkenthal thought Arathorn, be gentle with him for he so young as a small smile widened his face. Erkenthal then drained his own cup, stood and inclined his head to Ecthiel and left to rejoin his companions outside. ~*~*~*~*~ Driven by an anger that he did not fully understand Erithain searched for his sister. He knew that he, the Chieftain's son, had gone to seek her also and Erithain could not allow that slight against his sister honour go unchallenged. The way Arathorn had looked at Gilraen made his blood boil. How dare he? He found them behind the smokehouse, talking quietly. "Arathorn, son of Arador! Step away from my sister or you will have me to answer to!" he called out in what he hoped was a commanding voice. Arathorn stilled for a second and then rose from his kneeling position next to Gilraen. He turned slowly towards the young captain and saw anger and earnest intent imprinted upon the tall boy's body. He knew instantly that the boy was serious and would be insulted if Arathorn did meet his challenge with the dignity Erithain felt it deserved, especially now as the young captain had now attracted the attention of his people. Holding the boy's gaze Arathorn somberly inquired, "Why do you challenge me? What is your grievance with me?" Erithain looked a little non-plussed. He had not expected to answer questions he had only prepared to fight for his sister. But he drew himself a little taller and stated, "You have sought out my sister, without the permission of my father or of me. That is unacceptable to our ways and I cannot allow it to go unpunished!" Gilraen broke in at this moment, heedless of the need to preserve her younger brother's dignity, "Erithain, stop this now! This is ridiculous! The Chieftain's son merely sought me out to comfort me. Nothing improper has taken place!" "Comfort! Is that all?" In his rush to protect his sister the young captain was in fact impugning her honour himself with his rash words. Arathorn drew a deep breath and said, "Erithain, you have my word that nothing improper has taken place between me and your sister." Erithain's voice was now shaking with suppressed rage and anguish, his hand on his sword ready to draw. "And what is that worth, the word of a son whose father allowed us to be slaughtered! Who allowed my two brothers to die?!" Amid an audible intake of breath from the gathered few, a bellow reverberated, throughout the settlement, "ERITHAIN!" The distraught young captain turned to the sound of his father's voice. Disbelief and anger coloured the Thane's face as he strode down the path toward his son. He grabbed him forcefully by both arms and cried, "What are you saying? Apologise to his lordship immediately!" Erithain's face crumbled as he exclaimed, "It's true!! You've said it yourself, Father!" Tears of anger and despair fell down the boy's face. Dirhael drew back a little and looked at his son. He realised that he had been so wrapped up in his own sorrows and recriminations he had failed to notice the changes in his own youngest, and now only son. He realised then just how much the boy had changed over the past months as more and more responsibility had been heaped upon his shoulders. "You are right, Erithain. I have said it and I was wrong. I realise that now, as I can see what such unguarded opinion has done to you, my son. I cannot stand to see you filled with anger and hatred. It is my fault. Can you ever forgive me?" Erithain looked at his father as if he had never seen him before. The Dirhael that he had always known never apologised for anything and asked forgiveness of no man. Yet he was asking his son's pardon. Erithain searched his father's eyes trying to understand what he was asking of him. Since the death of his two older brothers in the ambush, Erithain had felt overwhelmed by the responsibilities and sorrows that had fallen upon him. He had longed to speak with his father, but it never seemed the right time to intrude upon his grief. So he had muddled through on his own. Months of worry and torment broke upon him as he now looked at his father. One word escaped before he fell to his knees collapsing under the weight of his emotions. "Yes." he said weakly, afterwards starting to sob, "I'm sorry, father. I am no warrior. I try but I just do not know how. I have shamed you with my rash actions. I do not deserve your forgiveness or to be called your son." Arathorn was moved by such despair. He left Gilraen's side and knelt by the boy. "No, Erithain. You have not shamed your father. You sought only to protect to your sister and uphold the honour of your family. There is no shame in that." He pulled Erithain to his feet, "You were brave to issue the challenge. You were mistaken but you also had the courage to admit your mistake. I have much respect for a man who stands up for what he believes to be right and can also see when he has erred in judgment. I would be proud to have you serve with me." He stated looking the youth straight in the eye. The young captain looked at Arathorn at first warily, but soon he returned Arathorn's gaze with the eyes of a man. "I am honoured that you would find me worthy, Arathorn, son of Arador." ~*~*~*~*~