back then turned to grin at Haldir. It was rare for the Elven race to have companions near the same age. Many years they lived and not many born around the same time, but the three Elflings now present in Lothlórien were struck with luck's grace. He patted the young Galadhel on the shoulder then his attention was diverted by a passing pack of marchwardens returning from their patrol. "Ah! I would like to meet them and ask them if I may witness the craftsmanship of their bows!" Haldir nodded then the two little warriors ran off in the direction of the marchwardens. Eleniel turned around to look at her friends but noticed them running from the fountain area. "Haldir! Legolas!" Her voice rattled with despair. She small legs carried her quickly toward her parting friends. "Don't leave me behind!" Her foot caught the root of one of the trees causing her to stumble. Legolas and Haldir heard her scream and turned to see her fall on her hands and knees. They called her name then ran back to her to help her off the ground. Legolas bent down to dust the dirt from her gown as Haldir pulled leaves out of her hair. Meanwhile, they explained to her what caught the prince's attention. Excitement filled her bright grey eyes then they ran off together in the direction of the marchwardens leaving the elders to speak among themselves. Many mornings and nights quickly passed for the three Efllings. They searched for hidden places in Caras Galadhon, played in the Silverlode River, fought imaginary orcs in the woods, trained with the marchwardens, bade Gandalf farewell, and even climbed to the pinnacle of the greatest mallorn tree to admire the stars every night. However as the days carried on, Haldir and Eleniel knew that their friend from Mirkwood must leave for his own realm and it happened sooner than they expected. Haldir left, on his first assignment as a marchwarden, for the northern borders of the woods leaving Eleniel and Legolas to themselves to watch for shooting stars. After the night they spent on the canopy above the trees, Thranduil asked for their leave for a situation occurred in their woods and they were much needed at their home. At a slow pace, the nobles of Lothlórien and Mirkwood made their way for the Great Gates of Caras Galadhon. "Will you be coming back to Lórien?" Eleniel sniffled. "Are you going to forget about me?" Legolas bent his knees to try to look up into her saddened eyes but was unsuccessful so he grabbed her tiny chin and lifted it gently. She was met with the most handsome smile. "I will be back, just for you." Legolas beamed. "And, I guess, for Haldir too." He chuckled. Eleniel's eyes widened with happiness then she threw her arms around his neck as he wrapped his arms around her waist. "How could I forget you?" He rested his forehead on hers as he gave her a grin. King Thranduil approached the two Elflings and rested a hand on his son's shoulder causing Legolas to gaze up at his father. He let go of the Elfling maiden and then whispered softly and full of gloom. "Please tell Haldir that I wished to tell him farewell… " Eleniel nodded. " Namárië. ~Farewell.~" " No in elenath erin râd lîn... ~May all stars shine upon your path…" Eleniel whispered with a deep curtsey before the King and Prince of Mirkwood. This time her poise reflected the elegance of her race. Legolas caressed her cheek gently as she reciprocated his kindness with a smile. He then looked up at his proud father who guided him to the main gates of Caras Galadhon. Galadriel and Celeborn stood next to their daughter as it was tradition to watch and bid farewell to their visitors. As the visitors of Lothlórien made it to the gates, the young prince glanced back to sneak a peek of the small maiden once more except he was met with the grieving sight of Eleniel crying to Lord Celeborn. " Ada ." Legolas called for his father as he stopped walking. The Mirkwood king glanced back to see his son running back into Caras Galadhon and its three nobles. "My I?" Celeborn turned Eleniel around to face Legolas. Her eyes reflected her shock when he grabbed her arm to swiftly pull her into a tight embrace. Their parents watched them with smiles across their lips. "Please don't cry. I will see you again." He gently pushed her from him to look in her grey eyes. "I will write to you as well. We can practice our Westron and you can tell me of the new techniques that you learned from Lord Celeborn and Haldir." "I will be just overjoyed to hear from you!" Eleniel giggled with tears still stinging her eyes, which he wiped away with his thumbs. Legolas kissed her forehead then let go of her and ran back to his father. He turned to wave one last time before they walked out of sight. "Thranduil is raising a charismatic prince. Legolas is nothing like his brothers." Celeborn told Galadriel. "Yes, he is very compassionate. A perfect fit." Galadriel smiled to her husband then placed a hand on their daughter's shoulder. "Come, Eleniel…" Author's Note I hope that you all enjoyed the first chapter! Only the first chapter is in third person... I wrote it this way so that the readers can get to know Eleniel, her childhood, her close bond with Haldir, and also Haldir & Eleniel's instant connection with Legolas. I did make an attempt to have it in first person, but it didn't seem right. So I rewrote the whole chapter in third person... I hope it wasn't a bad decision! Thank you for reading and please review! 8/31: I fixed some grammatical errors and made corrections with the Sindarin I used in this chapter. Special thank you to Certh for the help!