to do, that the children were old enough to look after themselves and each other, and that I…" he paused, dabbing at his eyes with a napkin as his voice caught in his throat. "That if things got too hard, I still had you to come home to," he finished, his voice tapering to a whisper. Frodo took Sam by the hand and held it until the sadness had passed. When at last, Sam exhaled with a cathartic breath on which all his cares seemed to be borne and carried away into the vastness of space, Frodo spoke. "And so you did. You are home, Sam. And as long as you are here with me, I am home also." "Thank you, Mr. Frodo. You don't know what it means to hear you say that. But here now, enough of my blubbering," he said resolutely, gathering himself up again, "we ought to do something special to remember Mr. Bilbo tomorrow. I was thinking I could gather up some flowers from the garden and arrange 'em real nice and lay them by his resting place." "That is a lovely thought, Sam. However, Bilbo rests in Valinor, and we may not pass into that city save by the permission of the Valar themselves. But I am sure we will think of some other way to honour him," Frodo said, a twinge of despondency creeping its way into his voice. Sam's face fell, but he composed himself hastily, hearing Frodo's disappointment. "Beg your pardon, sir, I didn't realise. Don't you worry, we'll think of something else to do, right enough," he said reassuringly, squeezing Frodo's hand. Frodo smiled a wan, tight-lipped smile and gave a single curt nod of his head in lieu of a response. The suggestion of visiting Bilbo's burial site was certainly one that had occurred to him on more than one occasion in the last year, but having to dismiss the idea outright in plainspoken language had wrung his heart with unexpected force. How wonderful it would have been to have that close proximity with Bilbo again, to wreathe his gravestone in a coronet of flowers specially chosen for that purpose, to commune with him through the earth that separated them. " Well, there is no helping it, it seems. I will have to content myself with speaking to him through my thoughts, as I have always done. I suppose it does not matter much where I am, so long as I keep him in my heart ," Frodo reasoned. The thought blunted the worst of the sting, but he could not help feeling that some tiny shard the breadth of a splinter was yet lodged somewhere below the surface of his skin. XXXXX It was long after nightfall and Sam tossed about restively underneath the silken enclosure of his bed-sheets. No matter how persistently he tried to empty his head, he found he was utterly at the mercy of an onslaught of meandering thoughts that would not suffer to be stemmed – thoughts that chased one another like tattered specters in an onyx-black sky, speaking out in his voice and projecting unbidden images from his past on the viewing screen of his mind. Bilbo was always at the centre of these thoughts, the eye around which this phantom vortex circled madly. One moment he would find himself hearkening back to the days when Bilbo would sit patiently with him in Bag End, going over his letters with professorial precision or being summoned at hearth's edge to be enchanted by his incredible adventures, the next moment he was at the Grey Havens watching a very elderly Bilbo board the great white ship that would bear him to his final destination. He thought of the day that lay ahead of him, now only hours away, the day that had imposed a wistful longing on Frodo that Sam was powerless to satisfy. " I wish I hadn't brought up that business about visiting Bilbo's burying place. Still, it seems to me he ought to be able to at least drop by to pay his respects. I can't fathom how the Great Ones wouldn't be willing to grant him at least that. Oh, but what do I know about it ," he thought to himself, frustrated by his inability to undo the irrevocable. He burrowed deeper into his sheets, a curious chill raking over him as he struggled vainly against his restlessness. He tried to access the quiet center of his mind, that shimmering oasis where respite lay waiting like a jewel buried in the sand, but he could not discover its location. The sensation of cold that had bored through him seemed to heighten, and he was suddenly afraid. In all of his time on the Blessed Isle, he had never known that kind of coldness to penetrate through his and Frodo's home. " There's something funny afoot, though what it is I can't guess ," Sam reflected, and threw back the coverlets to rout out the source of his unease. Outside of the relative warmth of his bed, the chill was now too palpable to dismiss. His skin broke out in gooseflesh, and he wrapped his arms around himself, rubbing at his forearms as his teeth set to chattering. He pulled his housecoat around him and made his way to Frodo's adjoining bedroom. The door was wide open. The pale light of moon blanketed his bed – his rumpled, empty bed. "Frodo?" he called out, panic setting in. "Mr. Frodo? Where've you got to? Mr. Frodo!" He swayed unsteadily down the corridor and made his way to the front parlour. He darted his head to and fro, crying out Frodo's name with increasing urgency. He saw the drapes billow out in erratic bursts, and was stopped in his tracks, for now he understood why all had grown so unusually cold. There before him, the front door stood open, letting in a bracing ocean breeze. Frodo was no longer on the premises.