that they had gathered food up at Bag End, and the thought of my people starving when there should be plenty of food for everyone made me outrageous. One morning, when I heard the little Iris from next door cry with an empty stomach, I took off my apron and walked up to Bag End. No one answered, when I knocked on the door. I knocked again, and I saw a curtain move behind one of the small windows. "Mr. Lotho, open the door, please!" I said loudly and waited for a reply. As it didn't come, I opened the door and helped myself inside. "You're not welcome here, Rosie Cotton!" A voice said from the kitchen. It was Mr. Lotho. I hadn't seen him for a long time, but I knew he had taken over Bilbo's old hobbit hole. He didn't look well, but he sure seemed to be much better fit than little Iris Bracegirdle. "I doubt you are either, Mr. Lotho." I said and walked on to the larder. "If you don't leave right now, you'll be put into prison!" "What different does it make? We're all held captive as it is!" I ran past him with my hands full of chicken and potatoes. Mr. Lotho's condition wasn't good enough for him to follow. "Rosie! Miss Rosie! He'll cut off my head!" He yelled after me, and I stopped dead in my tracks. "Who'll cut off your head?" I asked turning around to face him. He was standing in the door way, and I was halfway through the garden. Mr. Lotho didn't reply. He ran towards me, but before he reached me, he fell over, a knife stabbed in his back. He was dead on the spot. I let out a scream as I saw the stranger standing in the doorway. His face was very pale, almost white, and his long, black hair clung to his face. He looked ill, but I didn't feel sorry for him. There was something evil about him, though he had probably saved me from being knocked down by Mr. Lotho. "Well, well, well…!" He said with a nasty grin. "Young Rosie Hobbit out stealing other people's food, is she!" He hurried to my side, and the next thing I knew was his hands searching all over me. "You leave her alone, you filthy scum!" A voice shouted and the man jumped back. I stepped backwards and turned to face my savior. I could scarcely believe what I saw. Four ponies came trotting towards us, bearing a hobbit each. One of them, the one who carried Sam – yes, my Sam – hurried up to me. "Did he hurt you?" Sam asked and got off the pony. "No. No, he didn't get that far." I replied not able to take my eyes off of Sam. He looked so grown up. And brave. Not to mention hungry! "Good. I'd have killed 'im if he did!" "Oh, hello, Rosie!" Another voice said, and Pippin got off another pony. So did Frodo and Merry. "You're back! You're all back!" I exclaimed and threw my arms around Sam's neck. He stiffened, but after a moment he relaxed. "Of course we're back." He whispered into my hair. I heard it anyway. "I'd never leave you behind, Rosie Cotton!" I was about to kiss him, when something caught his attention other than me. A tall man with long, white hair had come out from the hobbit hole, looking very pleased with himself. "So you finally did what you've been waiting for, Worm!" The wizard said with and evil grin. "Wasn't worth much either, that Mr. Lotho." "Saruman!" Exclaimed Frodo. "I should've known!" "You made me do it!" Wormtongue yelled at Saruman, fear showing on his face. "It was you!" "Well, yes. And now I'm making you come with me. Seems like we're not wanted here anymore." "You never were!" Sam said, taking my hand. Saruman turned his back on everyone, walking down the road. A split second later Wormtongue had drawn his knife out from Mr. Lotho's back and placed it in Saruman's instead. I hid my face by Sam's chest, and he put his arms around me. When I looked back again, Wormtongue lay dead as well. He had three arrows in his back, and several hobbits had their bows drawn. "Let's hope this is the end." Frodo said sadly and got up on his pony again. "I'd prefer it to be the beginning, Mr. Frodo." Sam replied cheerfully and helped me up onto his pony. "Come on, Bill." He said and took the reins. "Let's get Rosie back to me old gaffer!" I'm watching Lila playing in the garden. She'll be happy to see her father again. She hasn't seen him for a few weeks, as he set out to join Bilbo on his way to Gray Havens. They all did. Sam, Frodo, Merry, and Pippin. They've been inseparable ever since they got back from their big adventure. I don't expect Frodo to return again, though I haven't shared this with my husband. I can see him coming down the road. Sam, that is. He's not riding Bill anymore, as the poor pony's getting too old. He's carrying a bouquet of wild flowers in his hands, but know they're not for me. He'll give them all to Lila. All except one. He'll pick the prettiest of them and stick it into my hair, telling me how much he loves me for giving him Lila, and how much he loves me for being who I am. I'll thank him by kissing him and bringing him his supper outside. Lila loves it when we have our meals in the garden. And because she loves it, Sam loves it too. And that is one of the many things I love about him. About my Sam. The greatest hobbitwho ever lived! A/N: Thanks for reading. So what do you think? Please let me know, even if you think it stinks!