never grow anew. Faramir scratched at the roll of parchment with an inky quill, eager to finish the day's reports, which had become an ever more onerous task of late. His handwriting, normally a fine, flowing script, began slowly to deteriorate as his weariness took over and cramped his hand painfully. He grimaced. Age, it seemed, had caught up with him all too quickly since Éowyn's death. His quill paused for a moment over the word "horses." He remembered when Éowyn had told him that her name in Rohirric meant "One Who Delights in Horses," during one of many conversations they enjoyed in the gardens while held prisoner within the Houses of Healing but twenty years ago. It was, she had told him, her favorite word in Elvish: roch . That was what the Elves had called her. Rochiel. Horse-daughter. With grim resolution, Faramir forced himself to continue. If he lingered for too long, he would forget to go on again, and then he would never finish reading through the veritable stack of scrolls that had accumulated atop his desk for the last week. At first it was a boon that these reports were so drearily similar, requiring little differentiation to write a response to each. After a short while, however, they began to echo each other so closely that they melded into one long report, and then Faramir had to go back and check his work over again. He had confused two reports about the crops of Pinnath Gelin with one long one about the over-fishing of certain mollusks in parts of Belfalas. A memory of his honeymoon with Éowyn flitted like a forgotten breeze into his thoughts. They had gone to Dol Amroth in Belfalas, a beautiful city on the shore where Éowyn saw the ocean for the first time in her life. Imrahil had been all too happy to accommodate his nephew and new niece-in-law. He had provided them with choice rooms in one of the towers of Dol Amroth where they had a wonderful view of the sea from the balcony and a wide, soft feather bed in their sleeping chambers. It was more difficult this time for Faramir to shake himself back to reality. His solitude over the last four months had been almost painful, an enduring grief that did not dissipate with time. Every day he was reminded of how lonely he truly was when he woke up alone in his bed. No longer did his wife's warm presence greet him with each dawning sunrise. He was, having reached only the middle of his life, companionless and wretched. When Elphir found him, he was staring blankly into a corner of the room, half of his work unfinished on his desk. He looked up when his cousin entered the office, then glanced down at the reports he had failed to complete. The morrow would bring only another wave of new reports to read, sign, and file; it would be impossible to catch up with it all. He was not fulfilling his duty as Steward of Gondor, but he found that somehow, quite uncharacteristically, he didn't much care. "Faramir, perhaps you should be done for the day," Elphir suggested. "Come, dinner is about to be served. Please tell me you will not skip the meal again. It would ease my mind to see you eat something." "I eat, Elphir," Faramir replied austerely. "But you are so thin…" "Perhaps that is so, but I have been ill," Faramir reminded him. Seeing his cousin's concerned frown made him feel a twinge of guilt for being so ornery. "Will you not come with me to dinner?" Elphir tried again. "Elboron is there, and he is expecting you." Now Elphir had resorted to foul play to convince Faramir to attend the evening meal, and unfortunately it worked. Elboron had become Faramir's weak spot, the one thing that even in the present lethargy he could not refuse, and he loathed the fact that Elphir knew and took advantage of it. "Very well, but I will not stay long," Faramir agreed. "I have not slept well lately, and I think it would do me good to retire early tonight." Elphir's mood brightened considerably as he led Faramir to the feast hall and escorted him to his seat to Aragorn's right. Elboron sat one seat apart from Faramir. The seat between them was left empty in honor of Éowyn's memory. Though Aragorn and Eldarion tried, neither Faramir nor Elboron could be persuaded to abandon the empty seat in order to move closer to each other. It was one thing that they agreed upon firmly, and so the empty seat between them brought them closer than any shrinking physical distance could have. Faramir exchanged a polite smile with his son when he sat down, but they did not speak to each other. There was so little to say these days. Every lord and lady in the hall observed the traditional Standing Silence, and as was his recent custom, Faramir remained standing for a moment longer than everyone else, his eyes fixed unseeing upon the western wall. The West had, in its cruel way, claimed so much of his heart over the years. "Faramir, you may take your seat," Aragorn reminded him gently. "Yes, I know." Faramir's voice was no louder than a murmur, and slowly, with reverence, he took his seat. "Perhaps it is only true in my mind, but without her…without Éowyn…I stand apart from everyone. I am so different now." He laughed bitterly. "So clumsy and careless. While the world goes on revolving in its slow stately march around me, I can hardly manage to stagger about like a newborn foal on unsteady feet." "Yet it will not remain so." "So you say." Aragorn sought the right words before he answered, " Chebo estel . Non si. Tirathon le hi dú ." Chebo estel. Non si. Tirathon le hi dú. (Keep hope. I am here. I will watch over thee this night.)