at Aragorn, his food forgotten. "You would not dare." "Would you care to put that to a test?" Aragorn stared back, arms crossed over his chest and a stubborn look on his face. Legolas glanced down, tugging the cloak tighter around his body, then glanced over at Elrohir and Elladan who were watching them in amusement. He had a feeling the twins would help Aragorn carry out his threat. As he realized that Elrohir would have to be transported on a travois, he slowly let out a breath. It would not harm the other elf's pride so badly if he were not the only one being transported in such a way. Deciding to give in for Elrohir's sake, but making sure to express his displeasure, Legolas folded his arms across his chest. "I believe you would take far too much pleasure in such a thing, revenge for past offenses, perhaps." The smirk that crossed Aragorn's face brought an answering frown to Legolas'. "Very well," his voice was surly, showing his reluctance to agree. "I will do as you say. You are the healer, after all." Before Aragorn could respond, Elrond spoke up. "I know you do not wish to travel in this way, Legolas, but it will be an easier journey for you if you do not have the strain of trying to sit upright. This way, you will be able to rest as we travel." Inclining his head toward Elrond, Legolas answered in a soft voice. "As you say, my lord." His tone of voice made it clear he did not agree, but that he would not argue the issue any longer. After obtaining Legolas' agreement, Elrond turned to Aragorn. "Have I not taught you better than to torment your patients?" Elrond crossed his arms over his chest and raised an eyebrow at his youngest son. With a look of chagrin, Aragorn lowered his head. "Sorry, Adar. I did not mean to dishonor your teachings." A smile crossed Elrond's face and he reached over to place a hand on his son's head. "I know that you did not. It is well, my son." Glancing up, Aragorn saw the teasing look on his father's face and knew that he had not meant his comments as anything other than something to lighten the mood. He nodded to indicate that he understood. Once all had eaten, Elladan and Elrond carefully escorted Elrohir outside while Glorfindel put out the fire and removed the traces of their presence, and Aragorn helped Legolas dress, checking over his wound once more. Pulling Legolas gently to his feet, Aragorn offered to assist him to the rest of their party. "I am perfectly capable of walking such a short distance," Legolas said in indignation. He attempted one step on his own, to find his legs buckling underneath him. Aragorn quickly stepped in and caught the elf's arm. A flush crossed his face as he grabbed on to Aragorn to steady himself. "Perhaps your father was correct," he muttered. "I find I do not have the strength to walk, much less ride." Aragorn draped Legolas' arm over his shoulders. "Let me help you, my friend. There is no shame in it." Legolas nodded reluctantly then leaned upon Aragorn's shoulder as they made their way outside. Though Legolas was less than satisfied with the arrangements, Aragorn helped him get settled in the travois, and covered with furs and blankets that were secured to the framework. "Are you comfortable?" Aragorn asked earnestly, fussing with getting the blankets just right. Legolas clearly wanted to retort something less than polite to Aragorn's query, but after a glance over at Elrohir showed the younger twin lying on his side, pain written across his face, he swallowed his retort. "Comfortable enough," he replied. Kneeling by Elrohir's side, Elrond offered him a drink from a water bottle. "Here, my son. This will make the journey less painful for you." Elrohir obediently took a drink and then laid his head back upon the blankets as his eyes drifted closed. Stroking the hair back from the younger twin's face, Elrond waited until he was sure his son was asleep before standing. "Come, it is time we returned home." They all mounted and turned down the path for the return journey. To the relief of all, the trip was uneventful, with no enemies making themselves known. Throughout the trip, Eärendil remained high in the sky, shining down on them all. It was just after dark that they arrived safely back in Imladris, and the injured elves were quickly taken to the hall of healing where their wounds were examined once again and they were put to bed. Elrond would not allow Elladan and Aragorn to remain overnight, but sent them back to their own rooms to clean up and seek their own rest. The following night, all in Imladris gathered in the Hall of Fire for the Yule celebration, with logs burning merrily in the fireplace, candlelight filling the halls, along with the joyful sounds of laughter and song. Elrohir and Legolas were allowed to join in the celebration, as long as they remained in the comfortable chairs in which they had been settled. Elrond watched all three of his sons and Legolas laugh together and tease each other about their latest misadventure, and gave thanks that they were all here, safe and whole. ------------------------------------------------ 'All Ye Joyful' is a poem by JRR Tolkien which seemed to fit the story very well, so I borrowed it, though I have no claim to it. - Three-seven root is another name for notoginseng, a hemostatic herb that helps to stop bleeding and replenish the body's blood supply. - Broom snakeweed is used to rid the body of toxins, fight inflammation, infection, and lung conditions as well as to fight fever. - Golden Seal is used to cleanse the system of infections. Names of the horses Tinnu - Twilight, dusky grey Thalion - Dauntless Sadron - Faithful one Baraben - Fiery one