glisten, as though he has just licked them. His pink tongue darts out to lick them again, so I move forward and capture his mouth in mine. He does not react, I realise, but he has not pushed me away. And then he begins to move slowly. I feel his tongue sliding into my mouth. "I seem to have become extremely fond of you," I tell him softly, when we pull apart for air, and watch as he reddens a little. I kiss him again, and this time he responds immediately. It is after we have kissed twice more that he haltingly tells me that he too likes me, and has liked me ever since he saw me. His words may be awkward but there is a depth of feeling behind them that makes me immensely happy. I realise I can keep kissing him, and I tell him so, as I slip my hands into his robe and feel his skin. He makes a soft moaning sound of pleasure when I run my fingers gently over his ribs. He moves to remove his robe but I stop him. He is puzzled, but I hold him close to reassure him. I would like no more than to rip that ugly robe that Arwen has gifted him off him and see him but, while it is a fine night, it is starting to get a little cold. "Inside," I say softly, "I would see you, but inside." We move inside, into my chambers. The bed here is large, soft and covered with silken throws and sheets that I do not use. "Have you ever lain with another man before?" I ask him, curiously. Men in Gondor are known to be strange. "No," he admits softly, "But – I've read books, and –" he stops indignant when I burst into laughter. I can't help it. Only Faramir could have - We kiss again with greater urgency now, and I slip off his robe now. He wears an old tunic and trousers underneath that I help him remove. Our fingers move frantically, but we manage with few fumbles. Then I shrug off my own robes, and find myself grinning like a young maiden when he gasps slightly. "You're beautiful," Faramir says. "As are you," I tell him, looking at him. He is even more beautiful without that ugly robe. My sister has no taste in clothes if they are not her own. The lamplight imparts a golden hue to his body and I find myself hardening at just the sight. I nudge him back onto the bed. "You're beautiful," I tell him again, and he reddens slightly, not just in the face but even on his chest. I move over him, kissing him gently wherever I can reach. He reciprocates and I shiver slightly as his lips run over my shoulder. I run my tongue over his chest, and lavish attention on his nipples one after the other, gently working at each one with my fingers, then my teeth and lips until they are hard and sharp and glistening in the yellowing light. Faramir is gasping softly by the time I'm done. When I lower my tongue into his navel, he releases soft, soundless cries. My sweet young lover seems to be as quiet in bed as elsewhere but I'll warrant that wild, unrestrained look in his eyes is for me alone. I move further down, and take his hardened shaft in my hands, stroking gently before taking him in my mouth. The sudden wetness surprises him, causing him to nearly sit up, his eyes flying open. I smile. He cries out again, still as soft but with more urgency. I can feel him swelling. I spread myself over his legs to keep him from kicking out, so he is forced to buck his hips up. I make him lie back again, before lifting his legs and nudging them apart. I push my oiled finger through his tiny entrance slowly, gently stretching the tight ring, all the while kissing Faramir so he would not notice the pain. It seems to work for the wariness vanishes after a while, and he takes in a second finger with more ease. I enter him slowly, and gently, even as I continue kissing him. He is beautiful, I think as he pulls me into him, rocking back and forth into my hardness, begging me not to stop, until we have both collapsed in a heap on my bed, unable to speak. We make love again that night. As we lay in each others' arms later that night, I ask him if he is happy, and he tells me he is. I can sense the question he has though, although he does not voice it yet. If he would, I would answer. But he does not. I shall answer him myself on the morrow. He has council early the next morning so we do not meet again till the noon meal. He has been eating fruits from the bowl on the table when I walk in. We smile at each other. "Estel," I tell my brother, "I have decided to accede to your request and stay here awhile to help you out. Elrohir, what of you?" I ask my twin, ignoring Estel's stuttered words of thanks. Elrohir promptly states that he will travel awhile with Legolas and Gimli but return here after that to help. That settled, I return to the task at hand. I sit next to Faramir and greet him by gently squeezing his hand pulling him closer to me and kissing him on his lips. He is surprised, but happy, and reciprocates. I get a fleeting taste of strawberry when I dart my tongue out. The others are smiling at us, when I move away. I have not been as unobtrusive as I thought I was. Faramir looks at me nervously. I smile. "You taste of strawberry," I inform him before I attack his lips. -end-