moved his hands until they gripped my ass, and there they stayed kneading my flesh, his mouth alternating between feverish kissing and nipping on my neck and shoulder area, as if we were animals in mating thrall. His hips were thrusting feverishly, his back arching and falling in rhythm, pushing into me, deep and hard. I held on to the sheets beneath my hands and whimpered as his savage actions built up my fire once again. I know he could feel my release building because he began to growl into the flesh of my shoulder and his hips began to snap at a punishing rate, grinding roughly against my own each time he thrust forward. I knew I was going to have trouble walking tomorrow, because he was not holding back and elves are much stronger than humans, but it was worth every ache and bruise. My release rolled through me like a thunder clap and I let out a hoarse moan, reveling in the ecstasy my lover gave to me. As soon as my sex began to tremble, Haldir became incensed, driving harder, deeper, and faster, until finally, with a harsh groan, he slammed his hips solidly into mine and held himself to me. I could feel his shaft grow in size moments before it was pulsating deep inside me as he let out a deep groan of relief. He kept his hips sealed to mine, keeping me pinned beneath him. He placed soft kisses and licks over my neck and shoulder area in a half-hearted attempt to apologize for his savagery, knowing full well that I couldn't care less about the marks he left on my body after our rather animalistic coupling. He knew I craved hot, passionate sex and even rough sex from him from time to time. I found his dominance and savagery to be an aphrodisiac. His licks and kisses began to make their way up my neck to my face and soon to my lips, where he kissed me softly, yet forcefully. His hips began to spasm involuntarily, and every time they did so, we both let out small moans. I can't tell you how long we remained locked together like that, but I do know that when I awoke the following morning, we were both naked and Haldir was curled around me, smiling warmly down at me. "What is it about you that I find so addictive?" He murmured as he tucked a lock of my hair behind my small, rounded ear. I smiled up at him sleepily, "I can't answer that. You are the only one who can probably answer that question." I told him as I lightly touched his forearm with my fingers, trailing them back and forth over his perfect flesh. "Can you answer a question of mine?" I asked him hesitantly. "It depends on what that question is," was his frank reply. "Well, I would like to know why we always end up here, in my talan? I know you have a home. Why do we never go there?" He smiled down at me and gave me a gentle kiss on my forehead before he startled me by twisting himself sharply and was suddenly hovering over me. "Ah! Well, the answer to that is very simple," he said in a low growl. "I am often away at the borders, and so my talan reflects that. It is sparse, cold, and feels unlived in. I prefer this talan of yours because it feels like a home. Everywhere in this home is evidence of you. From the cloak carelessly tossed over the back of the chair, to the books scattered across the table in the sitting area. Your home smells of you, and I like that best of all." He explained, grinning at me. To add emphasis to his statement he dipped his head down and ran his nose seductively up my neck, inhaling deeply, causing me to shiver in anticipation. "You certainly know the right things to say to a woman to make her believe that she is the most important person in your life." I hummed, lightly grazing my fingernails up his back. A strange look came over his face as he digested my last comment. " Nin gilgalad , I do not say honeyed words in order to coerce you. You should know better than that, silly mortal," he chastised my moment of doubt by tugging on my lower lip with his teeth. At the word mortal I cringed inwardly, because this was the crux of our relationship woes. Haldir is an immortal, one of the eldar, a Silvan elf and the Marchwarden for all of Lothlorien. I am a mortal, one of the edain, a human, and the only claim to fame I have is that I am not of this world and Lady Galadriel sort of adopted me, allowing me to live in the sacred forest. His eyes locked on to my face, I know he is too perceptive, that is what makes him so good at his job, and also what makes him an excellent lover. He watches the fleeting loss of confidence cross over my face. Before I can even draw a breath his mouth claims mine and pushes all other thoughts away for the moment. When he finally deigns to grant me a chance to catch my breath, his brow is furrowed and his eyes pin me to the bed. "I will not ruin this day by discussing this with you again, my love. We have discussed it countless times and we agreed that we will go where this relationship takes us. If that involves having me bind myself to you for all time, then so be it," he growled in his most no nonsense tone. "Now, I intend on having my way with you at least twice before breakfast, so I hope you are able to keep up," and with that last statement he began to demonstrate that his word was bond.