I will think of it, and you said there must be no talk of kingship, Ada." "Your aid would be very much appreciated," Felith said warmly. "Go and wash your hands before anything else." Watching her son run outside to obey the instruction, she slipped an arm around Oropher's waist, and the smile upon her face faded as she rested her head against his strong shoulder. "This normality and the mundane tasks of routine life will not be ours. There will be no making of cakes, no carefree times with our only child. I think that if this day is to be our last as any other Elven family, we must make the most of it and never forget it. We must store it in our minds like a painting upon the wall, to be looked at whenever we wish." "I told myself this on the way back from the palace," Oropher agreed in a murmur. "You speak the truth." "Everything is going to change," Felith whispered. In reply to the words that he knew were not a question, the dark haired Elf gently kissed the top of his wife's head. "Yes. It is." THE PRESENT As flames flickered throughout the forest as signals of celebratory feasts, the avian predator cast his shadow over the moon once more with a sweeping dive through the sky. Following the green gaze of her beloved, Felith watched the wheeling dance too, although her eyes did not truly see. "Tomorrow is an important day, for you especially. I cannot imagine that standing out here for hours on end is wise. You must rest, even if you do not feel that sleep will come. At least try." " The Elders named me wise when they gave me the choice of kingship or a normal life," Oropher replied bitterly. "Clearly they were wrong, if I choose wakefulness over slumber when such a great event awaits me in the morning." " Do not snap," Felith chided, her voice soft. "And cease that sarcasm. It helps nothing." Pulling his eyes away from the circling bird, the dark haired Elf turned to face his wife. Her hair hung loose over her shoulders, and he released a deep sigh as he pushed the stray strands behind her pointed ears. "I am sorry, meleth-nín. You were thinking only of my wellbeing, and I was wrong to throw your thoughtfulness back at you. I tried to sleep. I have been willing it to come for hours, but all I could do is lie in the darkness and stare at the ceiling. I found no comfort, no rest, no pleasure from the warmth of the bed or the lady I love in my arms. I had to escape. Tomorrow will come whether I want it to or not, and waiting for it out here seemed preferable to the stifling mood inside." " Your mind has not swayed?" " It has swayed every hour since I agreed to claim the throne of Greenwood. I have doubts even now, with the coronation just hours away," Oropher admitted quietly. "I wish so desperately to speak with the trees and ask them why, for the love of the Valar, did they choose me? What did they see inside my soul that I do not see myself? I know that wish is in vain. I may become the ruler of them, but I am not a Wood-elf." " There is yet time," Felith reminded her husband. "The Circle of Elders have given you until the moment the crown touches your head to say that you made the wrong decision. You can do that. You can do it without shame, and we can leave the palace and this new life of luxuries. Our old house still stands in the settlement. Perhaps it is awaiting our return." " You forget this has not happened before," Oropher sighed. "A monarchy. It may never happen, if I walk away. I cannot do that to the people of Greenwood. They may have lived their lives without a ruler, but they set such store by the words of the trees that failing to fulfil this prophecy would devastate them. And just imagine what would happen if I refused the crown at this stage. We could go back to the way things were, but it would not be the same. You know that well." At those reluctant words, there was no choice for the Elven woman but to nod her golden head in agreement. "I do. I know too that tomorrow will be difficult, but you will walk through it with your head held high. I will be there at your side for every moment. And do not forget our little Prince." " How is he?" Oropher asked quietly. " Terrified." Felith gave a gentle smile as she returned her arms to their place around her husband's neck. His easily encircled her waist, and she leaned into the embrace to place a kiss upon his smooth cheek. "Thranduil will be just fine, as will you. I promise." Songs and laughter resounded like beautiful bells throughout the night air, and the soon to be crowned King and Queen of Greenwood the Great stood together on the balcony outside their new suite of apartments for time uncountable to either of them. Beyond the palace that would become their official residence within a matter of hours, their people rejoiced the coming of a royal family to the realm, and the trees waved their branches in accompaniment to woodland melodies, although the feasting and merry making did not come close to that which would take place the night after the impending coronation. Oropher and his wife listened to the sounds which heralded emotions of pure pleasure and joy, and they had to smile at the great abundance of happiness surrounding them in spite of their doubtfully exchanged words and the daunting event which lay so close at hand. They smiled, but high overhead, an eagle screamed. To be continued...