eyes, and a title. Yet some how you made me feel like someone else," he said nervously, his hands were shaking as he held her wrist. She sat there in shock, she would not give in so easily. "Why now? Why… why?" she asked not knowing what else to say. "Because until recently I never understood why you were so exhilarating to be around, you're your own person Belaraniel. You don't let people tell you who to be, you aren't what everyone thinks you should be like your sister, you make up your own mind. You have it all together," he said walking closer to her and touching her face. She pulled away not realizing she was killing him inside. "That's not enough," she said looking up into his deep blue eyes, they seemed to surround her, getting deep into her, into her heart. "Nothing is enough, except you. I know I'll never be the kind of person you deserve to be near you, but I can't help it. I am getting into you… because you got to me. You've bettered me, you've made me want to be better… for you," he said swallowing before saying, "I want to love you with me life." "But," she said letting a tear fall and looking away, he pulled her to him and his lips found hers. She did not pull away, but once his lips left her she softly said, "what am I getting myself into?" "I love you Belaraniel, that's what your getting yourself into," he smiled down at her. "I cannot do this… I can't," she cried and ran up the stairs. He sat on the staircase and his head fell into his hands. Why did he care, why did it hurt, why? Why was a good question, he was afraid to know the answer… because his heart was falling faster. There was one thing he forgot to tell her. That he had waited for a reason to see her, that every time she walked into a room she made him weak, that he loved her since they were children. Though what he thought was playfulness, she found harsh and hated him for. Now he had to try anything to be with her. -- Morning came and with it sadness and eagerness. So much was going on, everyone was packing to leave for war, and an prince and princess from two different countries cried inside their hearts. She slowly brushed her hair and placed on another dress. She had a bunch of new dresses made, and threw out all her old baggy ones. She looked at her new beautiful collection, including a pair of riding clothes. She sighed as she flattened out the red cotton dress and tied her hair back with a bow. She wiped her hand across a tear as she looked at herself in her mirror. For a second Belaraniel looked at the sword that was placed behind the large mirror. She then walked out and down to the dinning hall where the generals, kings, and princes had their last meals with the queen and princesses of Gondor. Everyone looked at her walk to the table and sit down beside her best friend Calicien who was talking happily to her father. There was an unpleasant look on Eldarion's face, he glared at Lómebrilas, when he looked at her he looked disappointed. She tried to brush it off as a bad day, and ate her food quietly. It was the first time that she was quiet at any meal time, usually she was lively, making the whole table laugh with her jokes, and the things she did to get on peoples nerves. She looked to Lómebrilas who sat by Crirawen, he glanced over at her before looking down. She looked at her brother who was still glaring at both of them. Calicien got up and cleared plates before going to prepare the horses. As this happened Eldarion got up and left out the opposite doors. Belaraniel thought she should talk to her brother before he left so she got up to go and find him. Lómebrilas waited a few minutes before getting up not wanting it to be obvious. Belaraniel walked around the corner and saw Calicien and Eldarion in a tender embrace. She smiled before walking off. Lómebrilas came to her and stood in front of her. "You do not need to say anything, but I wanted to say good bye. Maybe we will see each other again," he bowed before leaving her there. She sat there feeling her bottom lip shake trying to hold back tears. He had changed his mind about her. She wanted to tell him about her dream… one she had since he had returned. The dream that kept haunting her. Eldarion walked around the corner and stopped looking at his teary eyed sister. "I told you you'd get hurt," he said walking past her. "You don't even want to say good bye," she cried to him. "You lied to me, you promised you'd stay away from him… I saw you two last night kissing," with that her brother walked off. Tears fell from her eyes as both men she loved walked away from her, leaving for battle. One with a goodbye she wished would not come, and one without. She stood in line next to her sister. Lómebrilas said goodbye too each one. He kissed each princess's hand, then he came to Belaraniel's hand and kissed hers. He looked up at her and bowed before walking down the white steps. She stood and watched the kings, princes, and knights climb their horses and ride off. Belaraniel ran off to the stables and jumped on her horse bareback and raced off until she reached the steep hill which the others rode down. Tears ran down her face as Lómebrilas and Eldarion looked back at the girl sitting on the black stallion with tears running from her beautiful blue eyes down her rosy cheeks.