body was weak, but he knew he would make it, like a small tender shoot can grow among the rocks. -oOo- 3020 T.A. "Yé! utúvienyes! I have found it! " Aragorn's hand trembled slightly as he touched the slender stem, the silvery green leaves. Here was the sapling of the White Tree, a descendant of the tree that stood now quiet and dead on the fountain square, from the line of Nimloth the fair. He knelt before the little tree. It was just a sapling, no more than seven years old. So graceful and tender it looked, and yet it survived among the rocks, in the barren land high on the mountain. The little tree shivered slightly under his touch, as if in joyful expectation. Aragorn stroked one opening silver leaf. He has seen it before… in a dream… It was exactly seven years ago. He remembered the old tree that stood guard over his dreams then, the tree that was connected to him through blood. He had dreamed about Isildur, about his healing when the first leaf of the White Tree opened. Now he held his breath, when he realized that sometime then, the first leaf of this sapling must have opened – in that very moment, maybe… In that moment when he awoke under the great tree, his wounds no longer hurting. From the protected glade, he had walked to the borders of Rivendell. It had been a slow and painful journey, for he was still weak from the blood-loss, but it was not beyond his strength, and he managed to reach the Last Homely House. Elrond was amazed, for he found that the terrible wound was already healing. He assured that the muscles and bones would mend correctly, and the care of the Elves and a long rest did the remainder of the work. After he recovered, Aragorn often tried to find the glade with the great tree again. But he could not find it, nor did the Elves know anything about it. Maybe the tree herself – for somehow he knew it was a she – decided who she would lead to her glade. Maybe it was an Entwife who had become a tree in the long centuries, he mused, or even Yavanna herself – it was told about her that she used to dwell in the form of a high, magnificent tree. Or just an ancient, spreading tree, with the wisdom of centuries grown deeply into the wood. And some trees are more powerful than others: he has heard tales about Old Man Willow, and how he twists the paths in the Old Forest to bring the travellers to him. Maybe she was similar, not malicious but kind, not luring the travellers but keeping them away from the glade she protected, allowing only those in who needed to enter. He never found the glade again, but the tree remained in his memory, timeless and magnificent. Now, feeling the sapling of the White Tree in his hand, he remembered it again. He could feel the golden streams of life under his hand, and they felt familiar to him, like greeting an old friend. Now he knew what saved his life then… Carefully he removed the stones around the stem, and pulled. And lo! the tree came out of the soil without harm, as if eager to embrace the fertile soil of the gardens of Minas Tirith. In his mind, he saw the tree growing high and tall, the branches white with flowers. There were children playing in the shade of the branches, and his throat constricted, for he knew they were his children, the branches of his house that will grow and prosper in the fertile soil of Gondor, and he is the Tree. And when June came, and the tree was laden with blossom like the dress of a bride, he set watchmen upon the walls, for he knew that Arwen was coming, and his vision would be fulfilled. A/N: In Nordic mythology, Yggdrasil is an immense tree that creates an cosmic axis, and nine worlds are placed around it – the middle one being (what a surprise =))Midgardh, or Middle-earth. The name of the tree means "Ygg's (Odin's) horse". In a sacrifice to himself, the highest of the gods Odin, was hung from Yggdrasil for nine days and nights, pierced by his own spear, in order to learn the wisdom of the nine worlds, and bring sacred runes to people. Not only did he succeed in that, but also brought me an inspiration for this story. The tale about Isildur and the White Tree can be found in the Silmarillion. The king of Númenor Ar-Pharazôn was corrupted by Sauron, who urged the White Tree to be cut down. But Isildur passed alone in disguise to Armenelos and to the courts of the King, which were now forbidden to the Faithful; and he came to the place of the Tree, which was forbidden to all by the orders of Sauron, and the Tree was watched day and night by guards in his service. At that time Nimloth was dark and bore no bloom, for it was late in the autumn, and its winter was nigh; and Isildur passed through the guards and took from the Tree a fruit that hung upon it, and turned to go. But the guard was aroused, and he was assailed, and fought his way out, receiving many wounds; and he escaped, and because he was disguised it was not discovered who had laid hands on the Tree. But Isildur came at last hardly back to Rómenna and delivered the fruit to the hands of Amandil, ere his strength failed him. Then the fruit was planted in secret, and it was blessed by Amandil; and a shoot arose from it and sprouted in the spring. But when its first leaf opened then Isildur, who had lain long and come near to death, arose and was troubled no more by his wounds.