ahead with Gimli, whom the King had taken an especially large liking to ever since the dwarf had comforted his son upon the death of King Elessar. Glorfindel took the hint for what it was and stepped off with the Prince, all the while eyeing the crowd for the one elf he dearly wished to see whole and healed of darkness. After a great many welcomes had been proclaimed and hands shaken, Legolas was amongst his parents and elder siblings, basking in the love of their embraces and words. Glorfindel was ever near, but the sight of a dark head drew him further to the middle of the crowd. "Glorfindel!" a laughing voice claimed said elf's attention for a mere moment before the warrior recklessly pounced the owner of that magnificent baritone. No one appeared at all shocked when Lord Glorfindel, renowned balrog-slayer and warrior, threw his arms about the former Lord of Imladris and laughed like a child in his happiness. The golden-haired elf could not believe the strength and energy his friend was imbued with. It was as if the younger Lord had been fused with light itself for all his bright and shining countenance. "Elrond," Glorfindel was awed and grinning in equal measure, bringing a hearty laugh bubbling up his friend's throat. No more words were necessary in that moment. Elrond turned to face his dear Lady Celebrian, whose arms hung from the strong forearms of their twin sons. "We are all here now," Elrond voiced gently, "All that we may rightfully hope for. Come, let us remove ourselves from this madness." Glorfindel was all too happy to retire into the company of this family that he had so sorely missed. His only regret was that the lady Arwen could not be there with them. "Arwen will always be in our hearts and memories," Elrond seemed to read his mind, as he always had. "We have had time to grieve and though we will never forget her, we will shift our focus onto the living... One of whom you have not seen for many a year, my old friend." Confused words could not pass the golden warrior's lips before a vision of loveliness stepped from behind Celebrían and the twins. No description of amazement, nor dreams of perfection, could ever equal the sense of giddy relief Glorfindel could feel leaking from every pore. With a gentle embrace and a tear upon his face for the young lady so long-missed, the elder elf stepped back only to call through the crowd for the one person who needed her presence the most. Legolas' family was as close as he had remembered them and now allowing his dear, dwarven friend to live equally as close in their hearts. Gimli was easily entrenched in the telling of how he befriended Legolas during the war, during which Legolas had no trouble discerning the telltale voice of Glorfindel calling him out. Heading toward the sound of that clear voice led the archer to a place on the edge of the gathered crowd, where he found Elrond and his wife and sons waiting with smiling faces. Smiling in return, Legolas allowed himself to be embraced by this family that he had come to see as a part of his own. Released from Celebrian's motherly embrace, Legolas felt happier than he had in years. Nearly everyone he could have asked for was here and happy to see him. If that one special lady was not there, then he still needed to live for the family he was given, no matter how hard it might be. Even as the thought crossed his mind, the blonde elf caught sight of a dream that he was utterly positive he never wanted to wake up from. "Merael…" the whispered name dropped softly from his lips, as if the wind had carried it gently away into the hands of Eru himself for safekeeping. He was falling in love all over again... falling in love with one of a new, matured spirit and heart; one whose eyes sparkled ever brighter from the tears in her eyes as she laid them upon his face once more; one whose arms held him tighter, whose lips kissed him fiercer, and whose spirit clung ever closer to his… one whose fear was overcome and overridden amongst the sweet hopes of their joined hearts. Somehow, in-between reassurances and sweet nothings, Legolas had proposed and been accepted. It felt more natural than anything he had ever heard before. Amidst the kisses and embraces and tears, Legolas found himself looking into his father's drawn face with worry and apprehension that he had never felt before. "Adar," Legolas' voice trembled ever-so-slightly, betraying the turmoil behind his deceptively steely blue eyes, "I would like you to meet Merael, the lady of whom I spoke. I am going to marry her." If Thranduil was shocked, he did not show it upon his features. Gazing at his son's love, the former King knew exactly why Legolas had not come to him. "I see now," the elder elf spoke softly, "why you had never told me. Certainly, if I had known then that you were courting the eldest child of Elrond Peredhel, I would never have blessed it… How wrong I would have been to react so." Elrond joined his daughter and Legolas in snapping eyes to Thranduil in stunned silence. "I cannot apologize enough for making you feel and act the way you did, my son," the former elven King gravely continued; Legolas stared at his father in tearful forgiveness. "And please, Lady Merael, allow me to invite you into our family ahead of time. You are most welcome." Among his memories in the years to come, the golden-haired Prince would recall awakening to a mist-covered field, his wife warm and comforting by his side. Legolas would remember thanking Iluvatar that her breath came comfortably and that his life had once again become as colorful as the wildflowers around them. -The End-