pain. Let me show you. That voice within him said. Suddenly his perspective changed and he was not looking at the cliff face but instead out into the open land, with the moonlit forest in the distance. He saw a dark figure standing there, staring back with bright yet weary eyes. There was an arrow in the right side of the figure's chest and even as Elrohir studied the wound, pain began to bloom once more in his torso. Blood covered the figure's clothes so completely that he could neither tell what color his tunic had once been. Thin lines of blood ran diagonally across his face and one of his hands was red and swollen. There was a deep gash that bled profusely on his right thigh. Worry rose within him then and he took a step toward the wounded figure. Then his perspective snapped around once more and he found himself falling forward. With a rush the feeling of strength that had pulsed within him moments before disappeared and he felt Elladan's spirit being sapped away from him. His mind became sluggish again, even more so perhaps than before and his limbs grew heavy once again. Despite his mind's slowed state he had enough wits as he fell to remember the arrow in his chest and so he caught himself at the last moment with his arms so as to save himself from falling on the arrow and pushing it further inside of him. On his hands and knees, his strength now completely gone, he let himself fall to one side and laid there unmoving as his vision blurred and began to dim. Elladan's bloodied face appeared over him and though his mouth was moving, Elrohir could hear nothing. He felt his twin's hand touch the side of his face and then his vision darkened completely, leaving him blind for several moments before his mind drifted away and he knew no more. White petals fluttered diagonally downward through the air to land in scattered bunches on the lush green grasses of Rivendell. The wind whispered gently amongst the cherry blossom trees, coaxing the petals to join it in the air as a lone figure stood silently in the orchard. The figure's flowing black hair and airy robes rippled in the breeze as he watched the falling white petals with a contemplative expression. "What are your thoughts?" Elrohir turned, pulling out from his musings to see Elladan standing behind him in crimson robes. "I think upon that night." Elladan came forward quietly until they stood side by side. He moved with a very slight limp and there was a small mark on his temple left over from the injury that he had sustained five nights ago. "We have not had the chance to speak of it yet." Elladan commented, his eyes following the cherry blossom petals that spun and played in the afternoon wind. Elrohir glanced downward to his chest, where a bandage was hidden beneath the blue fabric of his tunic. His right thigh was bandaged tightly as well, covering the many stitches that had been necessary to close the wound. A bone in one of his hands had been broken and was now in a light brace. Multiple other injuries were scattered over his body, injuries that he had no memory of acquiring. "I wish to thank you properly, brother," Elladan said then, turning to look at him. "You endured much for my sake." Elrohir gazed back at him. "It is I who wish to thank you, Elladan. I would not have survived had you not lent me your help." They stared at each other in silence for a moment. "It was like nothing I've ever felt before," Elrohir said finally. "I was two people at the same time. I was you. And yet I was myself. I know no other way to explain it." Elladan simply nodded. "I felt the same. I was thinking your thoughts even as you thought them. I was moving in your limbs as surely as you were." "Elladan, I would have died if you had not given me your strength and your spirit." "And I would have died if you had not fought for me and had not continued on even when you thought you could not." "I truly could not have gone on, Elladan. My strength had left me. It was you who fought on through me. Not I." "Do not doubt yourself, Elrohir. It was still you. I can only lend my spirit, not control your body through my mind. I only regret that I had to withdraw from you so soon after. Had I not, I might have fallen unconscious along with you." Elrohir let the wind pick up his hair and whisk it over his face. "I comforts me to know that when I fail, you will be there to help me." Elladan smiled faintly. "And you must know that goes both ways." He turned away, staring out at the cherry blossom trees. "I will never fail you. That I promise." They quieted then, resting in the comfort of each other's presence and allowing those words to suffice. Everything that had remained unspoken was understood within them. Elrohir knew the lengths that Elladan would go to for his sake. And now Elladan knew the lengths that Elrohir would go to. They were two halves of one whole and together they rested in the knowledge that when one fell, there were no lengths that the other was not willing to go to in order to ensure his safety. Elrohir had returned to his cautious, logical role. But even so, there was a new flame within his spirit. It was small yet but he had no doubt in his mind that if he were to ever again witness his twin falling to an enemy the flame would burst into a raging inferno like it had five nights ago. The guardian Angel within him would rise again to seek vengeance.