as bad as dwarves though most tended to be just as dirty. Not that Legolas was all for social segregation, but he had to admit that it was handy that the humans kept to their side of the city and the dwarves kept to their dank recesses. The human's face floated in between Legolas and his file, clearly trying to get his attention. "Ok," the man said and Legolas sat further back in his chair just to get away from his hovering face. "Clearly we got off on the wrong foot," the man continued and Legolas had to bite his tongue not to comment that they'd gotten off on the wrong feet. Both of them. Plural. On Tauriel's desk. Had he spoken he also would have added that perhaps that plural of 'foot' should take a walk straight out the front door and forget the way back. Legolas had to fight hard not to chuckle at his own train of thought. "My name's Aragorn, but a lot of people just call me Strider." Legolas looked at the hand that was unceremoniously thrust into his personal space and blinked. The man wanted to shake? Maybe Legolas should have held off on throwing the cigarette out the window until the human was ready to play fetch as well. Blinking again, Legolas eyed the hand and then shifted further back into his chair. Out of the corner of his eye he could see a small smile stretching across the human's face. It angered him. "Now would be the opportune moment for you to introduce yourself as well…" the human prompted. Legolas merely blinked again, his eyebrows furrowing into a dark line across his forehead. "Or… not…" the human kept talking. "I mean, you're Legolas. The Legolas. Everyone knows you. Your work is unmatched." Legolas watched as the man screwed up his face and shook his head slightly, his hand moving to rub at the back of his neck. "I'm ranting, I'm sorry. It just, well, it really is an honour!" Deadpanning, Legolas nodded curtly once, a drawn out 'ah' passing his lips as he quickly assessed the man's clear lack of mental capabilities. "Petty flattery will get you nowhere," Legolas said while standing. He needed to get out of here and fast and he demonstrated as much by brushing coldly past the human and heading for the door. "That wasn't my intent!" the human said, following Legolas across the room. Legolas tried to ignore the man the best he could as he pulled his forest green woollen peacoat down off the rack. Buttoning up the double breasted buttons, he popped the large collar up before pulling his long blonde hair free. "I mean," the human was still talking and as Legolas reached for his scarf, he was pretty sure that he was getting an eye twitch each time the man opened his mouth. "I meant what I said, but I wasn't trying to needlessly flatter. You must get that all the time. Not that your work doesn't deserve praise, because it does, but flattery because of how you look. Oh god, not that there's anything wrong with the way you look. I mean, you're beautiful; unless you don't like being called beautiful in which case you're just pleasant. But in a pleasing way. I mean…" Blinking once, Legolas fixed his eyes on the door and let out a deep breath as he pulled his gloves out of his coat pocket. It wasn't that cold out and of course being an elf he hardly felt the weather anyway which was a blessing unto itself. Never getting hot or cold opened up a whole wide range of interesting fashion choices. It was with that in mind that Legolas slowly pulled on his brown suede gloves. If he remained calm and kept himself occupied with his own thoughts then he would survive this verbal disruption peacefully and appropriately. "…I mean…" And then Legolas snapped. Who the hell was he kidding about being peaceful and appropriate? Whirling around in flurry of green and brown, Legolas regarded the human for all of a second before, without any preamble at all, his lifted right hand snapped into the human's nose. The human looked shocked for a moment, his hands almost making it to his bleeding nose before his eyes rolled back in his head and he fell, like a stiff board, backwards to the floor. For a brief moment Legolas thought that he might have lost his mind completely but his inner monologue corrected him. Oh no, this was perfect. When asked later, as he no doubt would be, he'd not be telling a word of a lie by saying that he had a momentary slip of sanity, no memory of hitting the man and no idea of how much force he'd put behind it. "Do you hear that?" He asked no one in particular. If temporary insanity was his plea then he may as well make it solid and start talking to himself. "Silence!" he exclaimed happily, his arms waving in the air as if heralding the second coming of the Noldor. And with that he turned his back on the human, opened the office door and stalked out towards the blissful freedom of the elevator. From within his office, Celeborn sighed and shook his head at the sound of a body hitting the floor and the clear lack of Estel Aragorn Dúnadan Thorongil Strider Elessar Telcontar Longshanks' voice afterwards. Apparently scared child had turned into wild, destructive animal after all. On the next episode of Middle Earth Hustle: The superintendent cleared his throat and Legolas noted the way his eyes shifted between the two of them edgily. "You two," Celeborn addressed them with a critical eye, "have your first case." " I've had plenty," Legolas pointed out helpfully. " Together!" Legolas flinched at the bitten tone of the other elf as well as just how quickly he spat the word out. Comments, thoughts and opinions greatly welcomed!