a sip of wine. "Elves do not feel the cold." "Oh," I felt really dumb. "Well, here it is anyway." I held it out and he finally turned to look at me, his blue-grey eyes sparkling from what I guessed to be his slightly intoxicated state. They sent a shock down my body involuntarily and I almost forgot to let go of the cloak when he tugged it from my grasp. Legolas seemed to gaze at my new attire with something close to desire before his eyes were back over the balcony and on the landscape around us. "You look quite radiant tonight," he commented lightly. "Very different from when I first saw you today." "Thank you," I said, though I wanted to scoff at the compliment. I didn't feel radiant. We were both silent. He seemed not to mind the lull in conversation very much, but I felt the need to say something. I settled with asking, "Why aren't you with the others of your kind?" At first when he didn't reply, I felt as though I had asked something offensive and almost slapped myself for speaking out of turn. He was a prince after all. But then he mercifully spoke. "I am not from Rivendell and my status has made me somewhat alienated from them, I believe. I do not care much for those who simply speak to me because of my title or because of obligation." I could feel the emotion behind the words, even if they were spoken flatly. I hadn't expected the depth in his response and it took me off guard. I wasn't sure what the appropriate reaction to that would be. "Well, you're the only person I know here so I guess it's you and me, huh?" I said cheesily, immediately regretting the words. Legolas nodded with a small smile and remained distant, his mind seeing things his eyes weren't. "Where are you from?" I asked to fill the quiet. "Mirkwood," was his reply. "Do you miss it?" "Sometimes," he seemed to come back to himself as he thought about my question. "Though what I really want to do is travel Middle Earth with nothing but my bow and arrows. Nature is the only thing I truly miss." His eyes livened at his words and they were filled with warmth that hadn't been there before. I looked out at Rivendell, my eyes having adjusted to the low lighting. "This place has lots of nature," I commented. "Do you like it here?" Legolas shook his head and looked down at me. He was considerably taller. "This is tamed wilderness. It is the wilderness that is untainted and free that I crave to explore. All of this has been bent to our will, for our own purposes and gain. Can't you feel it?" Legolas took a deep breath of the chilly air, eyes closed with a crease on his brow. I took my own deep breath and tried to imagine what he was speaking about so passionately. For a second, I could almost feel it. Feel the emotion of the living, breathing ecosystem around us. In that second I didn't feel like just one person in an unknown world, I felt like part of an interconnected system of life and death, growth and decomposition. But then the second passed and like an elastic band, the awareness snapped back to my own body, leaning over the railings of the balcony with a goofy smile plastered on my face. I looked back at Legolas. "You felt it didn't you?" He had been watching me. "Strange, humans are usually too closed off to such things." He murmured. I felt as though I had passed some unknown test and a part of me was satisfied, while the other part of me was confused as hell. What had just happened? The magical atmosphere of the night was starting to wear off as I thought about what my next step would be. I didn't know anything about myself, or where to go from here. Surely I wouldn't be able to stay in this haven indefinitely. Someone must be able to help me. "What are the thoughts that make your face so troubled?" Legolas asked, not unkindly. He had turned his body to face mine and it was a shock to have his undivided attention for once as his blue-grey eyes stayed focused on mine. "I'm trying to figure out what to do next; where to go, what to do, you know that kind of thing. Maybe someone can help me get my memory back or figure out why I'm here." I shivered. The air seemed colder than it had a minute ago. "Do not worry, Ella." Legolas wrapped his cloak around me once more. "All paths become clear in time. I will speak with Lord Elrond and arrange a meeting for you. Perhaps he will be able to provide some answers to the questions you ask." I nodded, grateful. "Thank you. I think I'll head to bed now." Legolas nodded and bowed to me and said a soft, "good night m'lady," before turning back to his beloved view. I turned to leave but remembered his cloak in time, "Oh, your cloak," I began unfastening it. "Keep it," Legolas stated, his back still to me. "You need it more than I do." I could hear the smile in his words and gave a smile of my own, though he couldn't see, before I wandered back to my temporary accommodation. Tomorrow I would speak with Lord Elrond, and maybe, just maybe, all of this would be clear. I know that Legolas is slightly romanticized with all the nature stuff, but I just thought I would accentuate that kind of passionate quality about him. Anywho, I hope you liked the first chapter, I'm really excited to get it up :D Remember to send me a review or message! Criticism, praise, jokes, random facts of the day, anything is welcome! Thanks for reading! Xx MB