knees weaken. A thin trickle of blood flowed from the sword tip down his throat, but he did not perceive it. The thought of being eaten by these creatures was horrific… but this fate was even worse, it was unimaginable – being buried in this never-ending darkness, in this place where the time does not flow… never seeing the sky again, the light of sun or stars, never feel a gust of fresh air… lost… forgotten… forever . Until the death frees him… Sitting here in the dark and slowly forgetting his own name, while this lurker of the crossroad leads hordes of Mewlips to the villages, to plunder and feed under his shadow like a banner of a conquering army… No! No! He knew that he can't accept this fate, he won't accept it! He can't allow this evil to spread, the evil that he himself could have been, would he take another path. No, he realized, he would never take it, even if the choice would be between that path… and death. When he dies, his shadow dissolves… It was. He took a deep breath, and looked into the eyes of the shadowy figure. They were unrestful and turbid with wrath and rage, but Aragorn's eyes were clear and calm. The sword was still pressed against his throat. He stepped forwards. S H A D O W ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,L I G H T S H A D O W ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, L I G H T S H A D O W ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, L I G H T S H A D O W ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,L I G H T S H A D O W ,,,,,,,,,L I G H T S H A D L O I W G H T S I G H T He expected pain, and the feeling of life leaving him with his blood. It did not come. The sword clang on the floor – there was no hand that would hold it. His life and decisions were his. He felt whole again. He had a choice – and has taken it, together with its consequences. And the other option became his shadow. The brighter the light, the darker the shadow… It felt as if he was blind until now, and now his eyes opened. The dim cell, the Mewlips… the world around him faded, as if it would be a sheer dream, an illusion in the mist. He could feel the wind on his face and the sky above his head. His head spun. The wind became a caress, the sky became the ground … and he knew no more. "Aragorn!" Someone called him. He floated in mist, warm and soft. There has never been anything else… "Aragorn!" Yes… that was his name… was he expected to do something about it? The mist shifted, as if he would sink and rise through it… and with every movement it grew thinner - until he could feel some contours through it. And then his conscious flew out of the mist and filled that contours… they were his body, and he felt hands on his shoulders, shaking him, and the voice… it was familiar, and it wanted him to do something. Oh yes, it wanted him to open his eyes. That shouldn't be difficult, should it? So why is such urgency in that voice? Maybe he should better obey… The eyelids, yes… he could feel them. Now… open. Open! How to do it? Finally he remembered. Yes, that's right… Light. How bright it is… how white and all-filling… But then it abated, and he could see a face through it. A kind face, but worried… and now, relieved… Gandalf! He smiled slightly. There was something in Gandalf's presence that made him feel safe and comfortable. And then his eyelids closed again… When he woke, he was lying on something soft. A bed… He opened his eyes. There were wooden beams above his head, illuminated by a soft flickering light… a fire burned in the room. He stared at the ceiling for a while, trying to remember where he is and how did he get here. Suddenly, a memory made him bolt upright in panic. Immediately someone was at his side, some hands supported him, but he paid them no attention. He looked around wildly, searching for something. There… a shadow was falling on the white sheets! His shadow… He sighed in relief, and slumped into the supporting hands as the surge of strength born of panic spent itself. They lowered him to the bed gently, and then he finally saw the face belonging to them. Gandalf's eyes followed him in concern. "Easy, my dear friend… Do you recognize me?" Aragorn relaxed, and frowned in confusion. "Gandalf…" he whispered. "Where are we? How did I get here?" The wizard gave a relieved sight. "Good, good… no damage…" Then he sat down on the edge of the bed. "You were very ill Aragorn. I found you on the edge of the Midgewater marshes, just a few steps from the Eastern Road. You were feverish and beyond reason… I feared that I'm late… I was really lucky to meet a wagon on the road, heading for Bree. We are in the Prancing Pony now; I thought you will recognize it." Aragorn smiled faintly. "I don't stay in the best rooms often…" Then he looked at Gandalf intently. "So… you found me on the edge of the marsh?" Gandalf nodded. "Yes, my friend. With such a fever, I'm really glad that you didn't get lost in it." "I did," Aragorn said quietly. Then he looked at the shadow of his hand falling on the sheets. "But I've found myself again…" A/N : This story was inspired by two poems from The Adventures of Tom Bombadil: Shadow-Bride and The Mewlips. edit 6/1/2010: I had to rework all the visual effects, because FFN decided it doesn't save not only multiple spaces, but also multiple dots, more then three... Replacing all dots with commas...,,,,,,,,,,,,,