is being held here on a charge of attempted murder.' 'Peaches and wine-glasses!' Elrond repeated hysterically. 'What will it be next?' 'I should not like to think,' Glorfindel replied gravely, mistaking Elrond's disbelief for horror. Shoving Glorfindel back, Elrond stood to the side. Gesturing to the Elves below them, he ordered them to remove their presences from the wine cellar. Many scathing glares were directed towards Glorfindel as the Elves filed up the stairs and past the detective. The twins, Estel, and Legolas came to stand beside Elrond and Glorfindel, glancing smugly at the latter Elf. When everyone was finally out of the cellar, Elrond turned to Legolas. 'I think perhaps you had better come back to my study with me,' he announced. 'After all, you never actually explained the reasons behind a possible assassination attempt.' Legolas frowned, not wanting to recount the first events of the morning. Nonetheless, if it meant that he would remain safe… 'Very well, my lord.' Once all six were sitting in Elrond's office, Legolas began, determined to tell 'the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,' as Glorfindel grandly put it. 'It all started when I slipped on my tunic as I was getting out of bed…' It took close to two hours for everything to be sorted out. After Legolas finished his story, Glorfindel had to tell his, and much confusion ensued. The twins and Estel found everything quite amusing, and even Elrond cracked a smile once he was sure that no lives were actually in danger. Glorfindel's golden hair contrasted rather dreadfully with his scarlet face, and Estel saw no reason not to tell him so, since he was still rather annoyed at having been tossed into a wine cellar. Glorfindel's face darkened several notches at the comment, and he muttered what were almost certainly violent threats. By and by, though, everything was cleared up and Glorfindel promised that if on his next case, he came upon too many suspects, he would get the help of a trusted assistant (otherwise known as Elrond) to narrow down the possibilities. Legolas spent the remainder of the day resting his twice-injured head, having wrapped up his toe in ointment-soaked cotton. The eye that had been affected by the soap had an annoying tendency to blink more often than usual, which was driving the Elf mad. A few hours of blissful peace and quiet came and went before the bell rang, and Legolas hobbled towards the Peredhils' family dining room. Sitting down in relief, he observed with a faint scowl the bowl of peaches in the middle of the table - and Elrohir's impish grin. Pointedly, he reached for the bowl of apples sitting beside the peaches and placed one on his plate. 'Care for a peach, Elrohir?' he asked sweetly. 'No, I thought you might want one, though, so I went out and picked some,' the twin replied, glancing at his twin. 'We washed them carefully, though did not go so far as to use soap.' Legolas narrowed his eyes at them as he took a bite of the apple… And promptly choked. Not until tears were streaming down the wood-elf's cheeks and Elrond was beginning to wonder if his life wasn't about to come to an abrupt end did Legolas manage to stop coughing. Red-faced and breathless, Legolas grabbed his water glass and downed the contents. 'What happened to those apples?' he asked, his eyes still watering. 'What a misfortune,' Elladan said, looking grieved. 'Those must be some of the ones that fell in the pot of brine when Andreth was making pickles. Elrohir and I took care to retrieve them after a while and have kept them safe ever since.' Biting back an improper word, Legolas split the apple in half with his knife, before placing one piece on each twin's plate. 'Pickled apple… I'll have to tell our culinary staff at home all about it. I'm sure they'll be delighted with the new recipe.' The twins nodded sagely. 'Indeed.' That night, Legolas was climbing into bed. He had moved slowly, deliberately, determined not to have another mishap. He had refrained from using soap when he washed his face before changing into his nightclothes, he had watched where he placed his feet, and there were no tunics on the floor any longer. So far so good, he thought as he climbed between the covers. Of course, his good fortune couldn't last for too long - life would get boring, if it did. As he let himself fall backwards onto his bed, he heard a long groan, felt himself tipping and sliding, and… His bed came apart in pieces. The mattress landed heavily on the floor, one side still caught up on the side-piece of the frame. The foot board clatttered over, as did the headboard. Unfortunately for Legolas, the headboard clattered over in the wrong direction, and caught the back of his head as he sat up. This is IT! he thought in desperation, clutching at the back of his head. If I don't have a concussion by this time, it will be the miracle of the Third Age! After shoving the headboard away and laying the mattress flat on the floor, Legolas lay down, too tired and in too much pain to try to get help. ( With my luck, the only help that would come would be those blasted twins, anyways. ) All in all, it had been a rotten day. Legolas knew he would never again trust a day that went well until he stepped out of bed. Ah well, he thought sleepily. Tomorrow could be completely different. Knowing my luck, it will be unimaginably worse. The End A/N: Sooo, obviously I don't own LotR, Sherlock Holmes, OR The Prince is Snide *cough* I mean The Princess Bride. I just couldn't help putting the references in. ;) I'm sorry if the linebreaks didn't work out; they were being strange. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed; please drop a review!