I kept my jumping heart in check. So much food and I hoped they also had mashed potatoes. Gandalf lead us to four Hobbits, already seated at the long table. Every now and then glances from the other occupants would follow me but I gave them no mind. It was everywhere the same. I gave an internal sigh as I seated my self next to Gandalf and another man. He introduced me to a couple of people which sat near us. The Hobbits as I learned , the ones with the hairy feet, were called odd names. Frodo and Sam sat in front of us and their friends Pippin and Mery as they liked to be called right beside them. Another ragged looking man sat beside me and he was introduced to as Aragorn. Beside him also sat another woman, Arwen, with beautiful long dark brown hair, almost black like Aragorns and at the head of the table beside the woman was another man. He looked like someone out of a fairytale character. In fact almost everyone did. The short people and the fair ones. Where please have I landed? They both looked slightly uncomfortable when they noticed my presence but everything was put on hold for me when I looked over the wonderful food and my gaze promptly checked if there was somewhere a plate with my favourite food. I saw it and mentioned to Aragorn beside me if he could fill my plate with some of the marvellous smelling dish. I filled my plate with a bit of vegetables and bread. When I started to eat I noticed that Gandalf was giving me a amused side glance. I frowned at him as I filled my cup with water. " What is it?" Maybe my tone was not so light as I had wanted it to, as the Hobbit beside Frodo, Sam, frowned. " I didn't have something to eat like this for decades so if my table manners aren't up to date then excuse me but I'm hungry." I finished with a light growl and my stomach followed me promptly. Loud enough for the Hobbits and everyone else near me to hear. Pippin gave a light snicker. " Well, seems your stomach agrees with you!" I made a grimace and bowed my head at my food. "Pippin leave the Lady alone, you see how upset she is alone from your comment!" In fact I wasn't. I took a bite of the mashed potatoes. Pure heaven. " Then shouldn't she eat instead of growling at us?" " She won't if you continue like this. Accu-" Sam confused said " … Actually sh-." "-sing of growling when she very well has enough reason to do so, because she hasn't eaten so good in so long." I was more amused than annoyed but I didn't let myself be noticed by the two Hobbits. Instead I let my eyes fall on my almost empty plate, wondering if I should take a second helping and leave out the other dishes beside the mashed potatoes completely. Instead I only listened with half an ear. " How do you know that?" Pippin looked wondering at Mery. " I listen instead of you,"Mery retorted back quickly. " When please did she say that? You might have as well made that up." " Why please would I have made that up? She said it not too long ago. You really should go to a healer and have them look at your ears. It's worrying." " What? What is wrong with my ears? Last time I checked they were fine!" I glanced up. Pippin worriedly grabbed his ears as if to make sure they were still attached to his head. Mery retorted cleverly." And when was that?" " Oh, I know! That was … uhm … it was … " Stumbling over his loss of ideas he looked back down on his plate and picked at his food. " Exactly. Now eat up." Mery had a clever tone in his voice. As if to say See? I told you. And with that the discussion ended with a grumbling Pippin and a smirking Mery. I started my second helping of only mashed potatoes. Gandalf, I heard, only gave a slight laugh and said nothing. I was glad because I hadn't wanted for him to get angry at me. When I finished my second helping I decided I had enough even though my mind said I should go on till I would burst from all seams. [A/N] This had me bugging ever since before i started to write BBTEO (Brothers Bound To Each Other) I was reading through it today and finally could not stop thinkin about putting it online. It was a great temptation and i finally gave in. The original document is much longer than i showed you here and hopefully I will be able to continue both sotries very soon. I know i have not updated in a long time and for all of those who eagerly wait for the next chapter of bbteo i am sorry but i just don't have the time to write. I am in my final year of collage you could say, at least thats the english equivalent to my school i am currently going to and i don't want to mess it up. so folks pleas dont hate me for this. If you have an idea for both stories write me an pm or a review( i do so love reviews) an i think about it. The ideas are there but sadly not the freetime I need to realise those on paper. I put this on because it had been a story close to my heart for a long time and to let it just go to waste on my Pc I thought was sad. But I also felt frustrated that there was no time to write anything decent. I hope you had fun reading this and leave a comment. Mix400