of Gondor and Arnor, and the Last Alliance that had overthrown Sauron, and about the new rising of the Dark power, and the finding of the One Ring. "Sauron…" Ar-Pharazôn muttered when hearing about the one that he once knew as Annatar, but it was not clear from his voice what he thought. "Maybe the Ring would give me power to defend Gondor," Boromir finished his talking, "but the price would have been my own soul – now I see it clearly. And I see that destroying it is the only way the evil can stop. It would give me immortality… but death is a much better choice, considering the price." Ar-Pharazôn said nothing to that, only looked at Boromir in astonishment. But the warrior had already turned away. "Death is calling me now," he said. "Farewell…" Then there was no one – just the boat with the body of the Son of Gondor, resting finally after its long journey to the place where the kings of Númenor once spoke to Ilúvatar. Never more returned that dream to Ar-Pharazôn, but Boromir's words echoed in his mind for the long Ages of his enchanted sleep. Faramir was trapped in dark, feverish dreams. Black wings of despair covered him like a heavy blanket, like the murky waters of a bottomless marsh closing above him. It was like the great wave from his other dream, but it felt too real. The pain was real. The wave hit and swept him away, throwing him mercilessly into the depths of hopeless darkness. He struggled to breathe, to swim, but the dark currents tossed him from side to side. The whirlpool of pain and despair. The Black Breath. "Father!" he called. He was a child scared by nightmares, and only his father could make them go away. If only he would come to him, would care for his son… The wave buried him under its mass, and he sank to the bottom of the Great Sea. Dark depths and crushing pressure. Somewhere deep, deep under the surface of the waking world, he reached the bottom, and felt the stones under his feet. Then the darkness turned to fire. Ash and smoke filled the world, and the flames licked his limbs. He burned. Through the haze of flames , he could hear a voice: "...soon all shall be burned. The West has failed. It shall all go up in a great fire, and all shall be ended. Ash! Ash and smoke blown away on the wind!" He broke the surface for a moment. "No!" he wanted to cry out, but he had no more strength for it. He burned – from outside, from inside. For a moment he recognized his father, but madness was in his eyes, and he was burning, bony hands clutching a smooth round stone, devoured by fire. Ash and smoke… Then he sank into darkness again, and his father wasn't there anymore. It was a bare land, covered with sharp stones, and fires burned in the valleys. Ash and smoke was in the air, and the sky was black like a blanket of despair. He walked the dark valley, although his feet were heavy like lead. Somehow, he knew that there was a path, like he knew where should lead the path of Olórë Mallë. He remembered the land he saw in dreams as a child. He knew there was another path to that land, although it did not end at a white cottage under a warm evening. No, it was a darker path, and shorter. It only passed that land, and continued – but where did it lead, no one of the living knew. Maybe there he will meet with Boromir again… He knew the way. The Qalvanta stretched before him. Leading away from the land of ash and smoke. But before he could make the first step… "Faramir!" A voice called him. He hesitated. "Do not take that way, Faramir! Not yet!" He turned. In the middle of darkness and fire, he saw light. A man stood there, and star was upon his brow. "My King…" he whispered in astonishment, for before him was a king of Númenor in his glory. The dreams of the great wave returned to him, but now he saw hope amidst the darkness swallowing the land. A white ship, flying upon the waves like a silver arrow, escaping the wrath of the waves. The line of Elros Tar-Minyatar, those who didn't fall into the golden lies, but remained faithful. So Faramir beheld the returning king. Power was in his hand and wisdom upon his brow, but in his eyes, there was kindness, as he called him again. "Come, Faramir! Awake from the dark dreams, and be healed!" And so he did. The sky was red, the colour of blood. The earth trembled. Mountains crumbled. It was the last day, the day of Doom. Horns sounded, calling to battle. The Last Battle – Dagor Dagorath. This was the end, the end of the world. The Cave of the Damned opened, and red light filtered through the cracks. To the sound of the horns, Ar-Pharazôn awoke. His army was at his side, and his sword in his hand. A battle awaited him: one with the sword, and one inner – a decision. And so, beyond the bloody sky of Arda's last day, Ar-Pharazôn decided his fate. He clutched the sword in his hand, and gave his army the order for attack, charging in the first line. In the Last Battle, he fought on the side of the Light. A/N: I took a few artistic liberties for this story: it is said that Olórë Mallë was blocked forever with impassable rocks when the Elves left Valinor for the great war against Morgoth. It made more sense to me if the path was blocked after the fall of Númenor and the hiding of Valinor. And it seems those rocks were not that impassable after all, at least an Age later…