the elf had disappeared around the corner of the hallway. What was going on? Elrond asked himself before standing up and gladding his robes. Time to find an answer. Gilraen had been commanding the whole staff when the lord of Imladris found the disordered wife of Arathorn. Her hair was a mess and tears were prickling in her eyes. Elrond frowned upon seeing her. The woman hadn't been crying like this for a while. Was something amiss with the Dúnedain or in her family? It took only a few seconds for him to connect one and one together. Estel! Estel was currently tending to Glorfindel. Meaning that he fought and killed his first orc didn't make him less a child. He hovered over his mentor with his bag of pastries besides him and in one hand grapes and an apple and in the other hand several pastries from the kitchen. "Glorfly? I've got you some delicates. Would you mind eating them with me?" Estel asked the still unconscious warrior. If he was unconscious or dead was still the question. The boy sighed in despair before throwing both sorts of food away in the bushes near them. He plopped with an imitation of Elrond's thinking faces on the cold, sandy forest floor in front of the elven lord. Still no response. "Well, we can't stay here. If you like it or not, we're going to shelter somewhere else." He told the ellon in an over annoyed voice. With that said, the boy took the heavy weighing lord by his ankle and dragged him behind. Too bad if orcs found them . Estel thought. It is all Glorfindel's fault. After a long walk through the forest with an unconscious, now even more dirty Glorfindel the two of them reached a hide-out shared by the rangers and elves in an old and camouflaged barn. Estel merely rolled his eyes; He should've know they would have one of those dramatically things in Imladris. He stole one quick glance through the dirty windows and saw one probably also unconscious warrior in Imladris's garb laying down on a bench attached to the wall. Why not? Ada said the more the merrier. I do doubt if it also applies now, but we'll see . He stubbornly pick locked the door and kicked it open. The other warrior startled slightly but continued doing whatever he was doing. After Estel settled in, he took one look at the other consumer of the hide out. It didn't took long to identify the awfully looking warrior as his own twin brother Elladan. So there he went off to, leaving me alone with those boring elves! Estel thought with a grim look upon his face. The twin would pay, along with his brother if he knew. Hours later, another Imladris warrior walked towards the normally rarely used hide out. He had been searching along the others to find the human boy, but had grown tired of Gilraen's commanding orders. He perfectly understood her despair, but he had enough. He might be of the so called superior race, but even they had their limits. Right now, he had reached one. With a groan, he also kicked in the door. After several moments, he blinked and rubbed his eyes hard. It couldn't be...? But to his dismay, it was whom he thought it were. Lord Elrond's son Elladan, his foster son Estel and... Lord Glorfindel?! The warrior had the urge to walk away from the scene, but his instincts and pledge to the lord of the Last Homely House kept him from doing so. He sighed before walking to a clear arena, sounding the alarm that he found the edain boy. In less than an hour, Lord Elrond was carrying Estel home. The elves who had accompanied their lord carried Lord Glorfindel and Lord Elladan home on self made stretchers. Behind them, the tired warrior followed them. Today certainly had been an adventure for whole Imladris. The next morning, Elrond was seen by his son's bedside. Yesterday he was fearing for his life and here his son lay, sleeping peacefully. While he did so, Elrond thought. He thought of what've could happened and worried about the child's future. He also recalled childhood memories and their happiest moments. Estel definitely belonged to the House of Eärendil. Besides thinking about Estel, the lord also thought about his son and long time friend Glorfindel. What had happened to the two of them? He did know Elladan had been longer in that barn that Glorfindel, since he saw the balrog slayer yesterday morning while his son had been missing quite a time before. Another thing that seemed out of place was Glorfindel's state; His ankle had been covered in someone's small nail prints and his back looked like he had been slurred over the forest floor. He didn't think the elf could recall it himself, but he could give it a try. After Estel had woken up, he should check up on him. But for now, he was only interested in watching his son sleep safely in their house. Around the midday, said child finally woke up. He was greeted by his father when he opened his eyes. Lord Elrond smiled to the boy, clearly showing his affection and love. Ah, a perfect father and son moment . The lord thought. That feeling lasted a few seconds, until Estel grinned widely to his father and said: "I killed an orc with Glorfly's dagger!" Pretty much every elf avoided their lord and the lady Gilraen the following days and sympathized for the Lord Glorfindel, who had a black eye for a yet unknown reason and even he himself didn't know why. The elves had a good idea who gave the gold haired lord the black eye, but none dared to speak about it. After all, family affairs weren't theirs, were they? Translations Imladris: Elvish name for Rivendell. Edain: Elvish for man. Ada: Elvish name for dad. Ellon: Male elf.