she had been truly honest with herself, she would have seen her love for the King for what it was: a childish infatuation borne from years of loneliness. Finally, she saw Faramir not as a second choice, but as a new beginning. "My Lord," she whispered softly yet surely. "Faramir, my love." And as his eyes fluttered open, she began sobbing her relief and exhaustion. "My Lady," he said hoarsely. "Why do you cry?" "Because you have returned to me," she answered with a bright smile through the tears. Without warning, he became distant, his eyes turning to frost. "I would fare better if I had not," he said dully, turning his head away. "But my Lord," Éowyn began, startled by the change. "Leave me." His voice was devoid of feeling. "I wish to be alone." She opened her mouth to protest but then thought against it. Though she wished to melt the ice in his veins, she would not do so by angering him. Perhaps he will better receive me after he has fully recovered , she thought while wiping her tears. Even so, she was ready to fling herself upon him if his stubbornness remained unyielding. She stood up and hurried out of the House, her mouth set in a determined line. As she closed the door from the outside, she dwelled upon a single thought. A shieldmaiden of Rohan does not give up so easily. Faramir had almost become a fool in his love for her. The day they married, he had convinced himself that it was he who owned her whole heart. Yet as days faded into weeks, the sweet delusion slowly dissipated. Éowyn was still clinging, albeit unconsciously, to an old dream – a dream in which a dark Ranger swept her from her feet and made her a Queen. As he came to realize this, he felt as if he were locking her in the cage she so dreaded. But he could not let her go. And so he lay in his sick bed, wondering how love could become such a selfish, ugly thing. "He has woken?" a voice more stated than asked. Éowyn felt the familiar presence of the Queen. She knew the answer needed not be spoken aloud so she continued to stare off into the distance across Pelennor. The breeze on the balcony was chilly yet it cooled her frustration, for which she was grateful; she always felt her temper childish before the calm, collected Elf. "I understand now," Éowyn spoke at last. "I only hope that I am not too late." Then, she could be calm no more, spinning around with fire in her eyes. "He would not even listen to me!" she cried. "And I cannot bear it." "He will be unyielding at first, yes," Arwen said. "The sons of Denethor are known for their stubbornness. But it is not too late." Her voice was warm and reassuring. "His love for you has only grown stronger despite his despair. You must rekindle his hope that you return this love." "I will," Éowyn promised, more to herself than to the Queen. "I must." Éowyn returned to the House of Healing in two days time, unable to wait any longer. It was up to her to dispel both their torment. She burst through the door and located Faramir at the window, his back to her. "My Lord," she said softly, reaching his side and touching his shoulder. He flinched yet did not turn or speak. In desperation, she grasped both his shoulders and forced him to confront her. "What do you wish of me Éowyn?" he asked wearily. Without another word, she swiftly brought their lips together and the sensation was almost too sweet. Actions indeed spoke louder than words as Faramir brought his hand to the small of her back and deepened the kiss. At that moment, her carefully constructed plan crumbled; she could not think, only feel her world becoming more rich and intoxicated. Then everything shattered when he pulled away sharply and retreated against the wall. "Why must you play with my heart, Éowyn?" he asked with quiet despair. "Are you satisfied now that you know you wield it solely as your own?" His bitterness brought fresh tears to her eyes. "Yes," she admitted shamelessly, "but only because it brings me a happiness that I have not known until now. What must I say and do to make you believe that you have mine?" Hope flickered in his dark eyes and battled with his doubts. "Did you not feel it in our kiss?" she asked desperately. "My heart lies in your hands alone!" Her voice then died down to a gentle murmur. "I've caused you pain, my Lord, perhaps more than I could ever imagine. Let me make it right." When he still would not speak, she rested one hand on his cheek and the other on his chest. His eyelids fluttered and closed at the touch. She looked with wonder at his face as she saw him for the first time with an open heart. She was finally rid of the shadow that had veiled him from her. With long slender fingers, she began a light exploration of his face starting at his brow, which was as noble as any king's. She traced his dark arching eyebrows, then one high cheekbone. Her eyes fell upon impossibly long lashes, which she knew would raise to reveal eyes as devastating as the sea before a storm. Finally her fingers found his lips, reveling in their softness. As if her touches wiped away the remaining stains of doubt and despair, his eyes opened, filled with tenderness and love. "Have you found anything to your liking, my Lady?" he asked with a trace of mirth in his voice. She began to laugh and weep as she leapt into his arms. "Everything." And as he spun her around in his arms, all of Minas Tirith shined under the light of their happiness.