anxiety, and covered Aragorn's hand with his own. "It will be well, Aragorn. If you will accompany me back into the house, we will see how well your eyes have healed. Your brothers are waiting for us. You will not face this alone, whatever we discover." Aragorn bowed his head and took a deep breath. "Then let us do this." He stood and waited for Elrond to take his elbow and lead him to the room he had prepared. He was silent as he was led to one of the healing rooms and took the seat Elrond indicated. Elladan sat beside him on one side and Elrohir on the other, their hands on his shoulders, supporting him. Elrond began unwinding the bandages around Aragorn's head and instructed him to keep his eyes closed until he asked Aragorn to open them. Finally the bandages were gone, and the soft cloths over his eyes removed. Aragorn felt the fresh air on his eyelids for the first time in a long time. Placing his hands over Aragorn's eyes, Elrond spoke, "Please open your eyes now, Aragorn." Aragorn kept his eyes closed for several long moments, not able to bear the thought of what he might see, or not see, when he did. Finally working up the courage, he slowly lifted his eyelids. Elrond slowly pulled his hands away from Aragorn's eyes. Though Elrond had darkened the room, the low light that streamed into his eyes stabbed deep, causing him pain as his long darkness was finally shattered. Squeezing his eyes shut against the light, tears streamed down his face. "Aragorn?" Elladan asked, fear clear in his voice. "Did you see anything?" He was worried that Aragorn had opened his eyes, seen only darkness, and given into tears in his despair. "The light," Aragorn said shortly, the tears of pain still streaming from his eyes. "It's too bright." "Light?" Elrohir asked excitedly. "You saw light?" Nodding, Aragorn brought his hands to his eyes, only to have Elrond gently grab his hands. "Please do not touch your eyes. Not until I have a chance to see them. I need you to open them again for me. Slowly, so that you can get adjusted to the light." Slowly cracking his eyes open, Aragorn fought not to close them again and tried to allow his eyes to adjust to the low light. It was many minutes before he was able to open his eyes fully, and for the longest time, all he could see was the light, though as his eyes adjusted, shadows and movement became visible. "What can you see?" Elrond asked, moving to stand in front of his son, staring into his eyes. "I can see a shape, Ada. I cannot see you clearly, but I do think I can see you. But everything is still unfocused, I cannot make out the features of your face." His voice was wary, afraid of saying that he could see when things were still so unclear, but not wanting to dash their hopes. Elladan and Elrohir put their arms around him and hugged him from either side. Aragorn was not sure if they were comforting him or congratulating him. This was not the full recovery he had hoped for, but neither was it the world of darkness he had feared. Elrond stepped closer and leaned in to examine Aragorn's eyes. Passing a candle in front of Aragorn, he watched how they reacted to the light, and nodded in pleasure. If his eyes were not fully healed yet, they soon would be. There was nothing here to indicate permanent damage. Placing his hand on Aragorn's head, he smiled down at all three of his sons. "Your eyes will recover fully, Aragorn. It may still take some time, but you will recover completely. This I swear to you." This time, when Aragorn's eyes filled with tears, they were tears of relief. His father would never make such a promise unless he was absolutely sure. "Thank you, Ada," he said, his voice hoarse in his emotion. His brothers hugged him again, and this time, he knew it was in congratulations. Over the next few days, Aragorn had to avoid going outdoors during the day to spare his eyes. Though it happened more slowly than he would have liked, his sight began to return to what it had been before. His balcony in the evening became his refuge, the place he could go to see the world around him. No longer could he only smell and touch the moonflowers, he could also see the delicate white blossoms as they opened in the evening air. His family knew they could always find him there, or wandering the paths in the gardens, taking in the sights around him, appreciating them as never before. It was not long before he had recovered completely. His father asked him to remain in Imladris for at least a month after his sight had returned so that he could more closely monitor his condition, but finally pronounced him ready to return to the Rangers. Not quite ready to let Aragorn out of their sight after the latest scare, Elladan and Elrohir chose to escort him back to the Dúnedain. They wanted to see for themselves that Aragorn had truly healed well enough to allow him to survive on his own again. During the journey, Aragorn demonstrated that he had healed well beyond their expectations. His skill in tracking had been greatly enhanced by the lessons he had learned while being blind and deaf. He had learned to rely as much on touch and scent as he did on his sight, and his skills were greater now than they had ever been. With all of his senses working in concert, his abilities were unmatched, and the twins were greatly relieved to see it. After seeing him safely back to his people, they left with their hearts light and smiles on their faces. Their little brother was healed and whole again.