be wrong, there had been times throughout her hundreds of years where her heart had swayed. "Please ... en ie' amin, Haldir (Please look at me, Haldir)." The older elf turned, the two of them growing dangerously close. Neither one dared to move. As the sun began to set, a small ray of light flickered through the trees to dance upon his face. His eyes were even more powerful as their irises grew brighter, and Nia found herself having to turn away. Instinctively, his fingers shot out towards her chin, gently wheeling her face to its former position. " Amin um , nan' lle quern . (I look, but you turn away)." " Amin um il quern ten' amin umil mern a' en ie' lle (I turn away, but not because I do not wish to look at you)." Haldir could hear his eternal heart skip. A boyish feeling swam throughout him." Mankoi (Why is that)?" Niaril's words stopped short. Her mouth hung open visibly in uncertainty, while Haldir patiently waited for an answer. He was always like that, unfortunately. He had the rest of his life to wait and his lifetime was forever. "I wanted to…" She fumbled with the common tongue. Whenever she was hesitant about saying something, she always spoke in the common language so her feelings would have less of an effect on the recipient. "I wanted to thank you." "Thank me? You have no need to thank me, mellon. Amin um kai ten' alkar. (friend, I have nothing to do for such a gratitude)." "You have." Her voice was as firm as it had always been, but her eyes refused to look to him. "You have made me feel more at ease. I hadn't even noticed until now." She could see his chest rising and falling heavily: the same as her own. For a split second, she wondered… Could he be feeling the same? "I only needed to thank you. That was all." She heard no audible response. Instead, two soft fingers slid beneath her chin. The sunlight danced upon the duo in the woods, but besides the company of warmth, they were completely alone. Nia could feel her heart race as the gentleness of her friend, the truest and noblest of them all, was etched upon her own skin. He still had not spoken and though his eyes were desperately trying to see her matching ones, she refused to give him the opportunity. Hesitation encumbered both of them. Niaril's eyes flickered shut to help her think for a second, but that second became longer and her lids refused to open. Something soft danced across her forehead. Her body twitched in response to it: the feeling somewhat familiar but implacable. Haldir moved his lips gently towards her skin, until the effect of two bodies touching danced through the other's senses. Though Haldir's fingers shook for a moment in surprise of his actions, he did not end the kiss to her forehead. It was not the first time he had kissed her in such a fashion and yet that had felt different compared to the others. He did not to do it often, and hardly ever did he feel the way he did at that moment. Something about him struggled to pull away. Niaril was truly growing into a woman. He had watched her during this shift, growing alongside her, and was now able to see what sort of beauty stood before him. Beautiful on the outside, as all elves were claimed to be, and yet with something extra. She had strength that even he lacked. Strength in the body, the soul, and in the mind. She had willpower that only appeared with the change of a century. If she ever needed him or merely wanted him, he would be there for her. " Lle ier nostale, toror (You are kind, my brother)." Niaril's voice was soft, but regaining her usual firmness. The boiling emotions were dispersing with the sun's tumble past the horizon. Both had to return to the others very soon and these feelings could not mock them any longer. They were Elves, and as Elves, they would contain themselves and be sensible. "Perhaps not kind enough." Haldir pulled his body away. The same knowing smile was plastered onto his smooth skin. "If I were, I would have you convinced of your greatness by now." "You have convinced me as much as anyone could." Her eyes finally turned to him after what seemed like an eternity. "You do not understand how grateful I am to you for that small fact." "I understand, seler (sister)." Haldir's finger sent a loving stroke through her hair. She could see in his eyes that the conversation had ended and he would soon take his leave. When he actually did, Niaril did not follow, nor did he wait for her. She watched him disperse back into the wood, the forest green of his velvet cloth twisting with nature until they were one. "Haldir…" Niaril whispered the name upon her tongue, the sweetness of his face somehow blending with the name. Her heart skipped a beat without warning or permission. Nia's hand flew towards her chest, surprised by the fluttering feeling that awoke. She had heard stories of such an emotion before, and perhaps she had felt it long ago, but most said it was enjoyable. That was not so. Why must we believe that the dropping of our hearts is pleasurable? Even the thoughts in her head sounded fierce. Am I the only sensible one anymore? With a shake of her head, and after another quick flick of an arrow, Niaril trekked her way back into the trees and returned to her normality. For a while, anyway. ~.~.~.~.~ Thanks for reading. Please go and read MisticLight's fantastic story. She's one of the best Fanfiction authors you'll find, so don't miss out! P.S. Please excuse my crappy Elvish. I really had little inkling as to what I was doing. xxx