the door. I raced down the hallway with him right behind me. By the time I got to the room that had the mouse, Legolas had caught up, so I went inside. The poor elf was too confused to do anything but stare at the door. I ran to their window and crawled outside, and I saw that we were really, really far underground, and the outer walls were made of Mithril. It was a shock at first, but then I saw Legolas's face go to his window, and I hurried into my room. "Close the door!" I gasped. Dakota slammed it, and soon there was a pounding. She locked it, and I told her about the Mithril walls. "They are living like dwarves!" She exclaimed. Suddenly the pounding vanished. "Oh no." I said. "What's going to happen now?" But nothing happened. Dakota went to sleep, and I grabbed the pillow and blankets so I could sleep on the floor. The next morning I was woke up by someone shaking me. I ignored it and continued to pretend to be asleep, and I felt the shaking get frantic. Then it stopped, and I opened my eyes. The room was empty, so I went back to sleep. The next thing I knew, I was soaking wet. The water was freezing, and I jumped up and yelled, "What was that for?" At the top of my lungs. Then I actually looked around. Dakota, Thranduil, and Legolas were standing around me. "We need you awake because Legolas is trying to get us kicked out." Dakota explained. She was holding the bucket. "My son, Legolas, says that you two kidnapped him and locked him in a closet." The king said. "We didn't." "You DID!" Legolas shouted. "Oh, stop acting like a baby." Dakota, Thranduil, and I all said simultaneously. Legolas scowled. It was funny. "Legolas, I told you that if you keep causing trouble, I will send you to Rivendell for the council." The king told him sternly. "But- Dad-" Legolas began. "I'll let you off this one time- but cause any more trouble, and you will go." Thranduil cut off. "Now show these two girls our lands." Legolas grunted and Thranduil left. Once he left, Legolas said in a really dark voice, "You will wish you never did that." "What?" Dakota asked. She probably had already heard him, but was trying to make the whole situation funny. It had some effect. "I said, you will regret doing that." Legolas repeated. This time he sounded more annoyed than scary. "Doing what?" I asked, jumping in. Legolas left the room in disgust. "Hey- aren't you supposed to show us-" Dakota called. "Later!" He interrupted. And so, later came a minute later. There was an elf who lived in a room across from ours. She had her door open, and I guessed she heard our argument. When Legolas came back, I knew she had. I heard Legolas stomp back to our room, where our door was still open. He marched inside, and that was when the elf across the hall said, "You just can't stay away from them, can you?" Legolas's face went a really strange color, in between red and green, and he shrieked. Dakota and I couldn't stop laughing, and more elves came out to see what the problem was. The elf across the hall slipped out of her room while Legolas had a temper tantrum. "It would be amazing if there was some way we could record this, showing it to people." I whispered to Dakota. "Everyone would see the Mirkwood prince as he really is." Dakota answered. It went on for about five minutes, and then Legolas was able to compose himself. Mostly. His face was still red and he clenched his fists, and he ground his teeth. But he wasn't screaming, "Why, Daddy, Why?" Anymore. "So, you going to show us Mirkwood?" Dakota asked. Legolas nodded and left the room. We followed quietly, looking at the elves as the watched us go back up to the ground level of the castle. Then we went up. The small castle I had seen was actually more of a low tower. A couple of elves were slowly going up and down the tower, a look of concentration stuck on their faces. "Why are the guards pretending to look busy?" I asked. The nearest ones glared at me. "We are busy!" One said. "Doing what?" I asked. The guard pulled a piece of paper out of his purple pocket and pranced around, singing, "I am busy, Thinking of a song, More lyrics to the song I'm writing. I am singing you this song. Because this tower's very long, And at night it is too frightening. I am singing you this son-" He ran into a wall and passed out. "That was interesting." I muttered, but Dakota was concerned about the guard. "His head is bleeding." She said. "He'll be fine." Legolas said. "He's BLEEDING. In his HEAD. He could DIE, MORON." Dakota said, like she was talking to an idiot. I didn't agree with that. Legolas wasn't an idiot, he was a Retard. "OkAY," he answered, using the same tone, and we carried him down the tower. The king was at the base. "What happened to my guard?" He demanded. "He was-" I began, but Legolas cut in. "Almost killed by these two." "Is this true?" Thranduil asked us. "Of course it isn't. Why would we help carry his body down if we wanted him dead? He's still alive." Dakota answered. "Ummmmmmm..." Legolas said as we all looked at him. "That's it. All of you are going to Rivendell. I'be been meaning to tell Elrond that Gollum escaped." Thranduil said. "You'll leave tomorrow." And then, the Moron stomped his foot, so hard, the entire stupid tower fell down. We all froze. And then we didn't, and Thranduil said, "What. The. Hell. Legolas." And then he screamed, and everything went dark, and we were outside Rivendell.