the title. How to be Aragorn II Elessar's assistant Shit. So Legolas was THAT affected by his boss? She just had to do something! She saw three phone numbers, one for a Faramir Prince, another for a Boromir Prince, and the third one for Aragorn II Elessar. She had heard Faramir was his best friend, so she dialed him. " Faramir Prince of Gondor, how can I help you? " "Look, I saw you number on these stupid papers Legolas has in his drawer... on how to be Aragorn II Elessar's assistant. I just wanted to tell you your boss is a jerk for doing whatever he did to Legolas! He's never been this picky about food! He didn't even drink beer, and now he travels a long distance to the beach to drink a cold one! I don't know what this Aragorn did to him, but he must do something about it! He used to like Pizza Hut's lasagna, and now I have to learn how to cook that because he won't eat it if it's not home made!", she blurted out furiously. Silence, for a while. " Are you Arwen? Gods, Aragorn is so dead... don't worry. My brother Boromir and I will take care of it. Does it bother you if we go personally to your house? " "Just come and fix it, thank you. You can stay as long as you need", Arwen hung up and sighed. That guy better be some help, or she would make sure his life was a living hell. "Why are we going to England again?", Aragorn asked. He had been all moody since Legolas left, although he didn't know where he had gone. "You see, my long-haired blond best friend is acting weird according to his cousin. And I know she would make my life a living hell if I don't do something about it", Faramir answered. "That doesn't tell why Boromir and I are invited to the 'fix things' session", Elessar said. "Because Legolas is bad. He has suddenly taken all your antics, all your habits. He even travels to the beach to drink a cold beer at sunset!", Faramir said impatiently. "Legolas...", he muttered, and then hugged his legs, "I hurt him that time, didn't I?", he closed his eyes, "I'm so stupid" "Yes you are. But you are fixing it, so you better prepare yourself. You can't play with him. We will leave England with you two being a couple, or with his broken heart" "He will never take my apologies just like that. And we're different. He's all perfect with art and I just think in business. He... he can go for something better than a multimillionaire stupid guy like me..." "Stop it already! He loves you deeply, and dearly, and we all know you love him back! You adore him, if it weren't for your 'Elessar' well instructed dignity, you would kiss the floor he walks on, you could try to catch the very air that surrounds him, and you would taste only his vanilla skin! Get over it, okay? We all know it. Just admit it, tell him how you feel, for gods' sake!", Boromir suddenly snapped. Aragorn blinked. "You're right. I've been such an idiot..." The doorbell rang again. "Coming!", Legolas opened up, since Arwen and Théodred were away again, leaving Éomer and him alone... again. He paled when he saw Aragorn with Boromir and Faramir. Éomer stood beside him. "What...? FARAMIR YOU ASSHOLE, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING HERE?!" Legolas jumped. "Éomer, shut the hell up, I want to keep all my senses", the blond said, "What are you three doing here?" "Arwen kind of called me because all of your sudden antics that seemed too familiar with the 'How to be Aragorn II Elessar's assistant', so... he came to fix this..." "How do you know Éomer?", Legolas asked. Faramir sighed. "I'm his ex, in some sort of way..." "You idiot, we're nothing" "Why can't you believe me?! I loved, and still do, you, Éomer! That jerk jumped on me and you know I'm no Hulk, okay? Geez, Éomer, you controlled me so easily when we...", he stopped, blushing violently. Théodred's cousin blushed too. "Come here, Faramir, I missed you...", they both disappeared upstairs. Boromir entered the house and left Legolas and Aragorn alone. "Aragorn..." "Legolas, listen. I'm a jerk, okay? I said terrible things to you, things meant for my ex, and you happened to be there, and... I'm so sorry, Legolas. I love you more than I can say with words, I would kiss the floor you walk on, I would like to test only your vanilla skin, I... I just can't live without you. I will understand if you don't want to see me ever again in your life, but I wanted to tell you this. I love you, Legolas. I love everything about you, even the things that make me mad. I just love you, and everything about you... I..." Legolas had grabbed his remaining consciousness and interrupted him by kissing him passionately in his lips. Gods, he tasted even better than he had imagined. "Shut up, you idiot", the blond muttered, "I just needed to hear that..." "So... we'll stay together forever, right?", Aragorn said with a shy smile. It still was heart-melting. "Forever", Legolas promised. "I think I should write a book... it would be titled 'How to bring to lovers to acknowledge their feelings for each other' ... gods, it would be successful, I'm just a genius", Boromir muttered to himself as he drank a cold beer. He heard Aragorn and Legolas making out in the living room. Legolas was definitely a passive, Aragorn was too dominant to. He could also hear his little brother Faramir begging to Éomer to take him. He took his car and after leaving a note to Arwen and Théodred he made his way to the beach. He understood Aragorn as he drank his cold beer watching the sunset.