family line, the royalty of Númenor and of the line of Elrond and Elros. He interrupted her, not having been paying attention to her words. "You have such unusual eyes. Does the color run in your family?" She stopped short and stared as she tried to figure out where the non sequitur had come from. She finally answered him. "Yes, they do. The color skips generations, but shows up every once in a while among my father's family. I think my great-grandfather had them. And when they show up, they are always accompanied by dark hair. Why?" "What do you know about your ancestors?" Aragorn questioned her. "Not much," she said. "I couldn't tell you anything about my family beyond a handful of generations, though I know some of our family came from England and some from France, although that was several generations back. Where is this line of questioning coming from?" Her eyes widened at the look Aragorn gave her and she studied him for a moment, taking in his dark hair and grey eyes. They were a match to her own and she realized what he was thinking. "You think we're related somehow. That you may be one of my ancestors." Aragorn nodded. "In your eyes, I see my family. And it would explain somewhat how I found myself in your dreams. We have a blood connection." She thought about it for a moment. "I suppose it's possible. I certainly can't disprove it." She looked more closely at him and now that she thought about it, she could almost see a similarity between some of his features and her father's. "So, am I supposed to call you Grandpa now? You may be my great, great, great, however many greats grandfather, but I think I'd feel rather strange calling you that." "As I would feel odd having you call me that. You may call me Aragorn." Her eyes widened as she realized that in all of this, they had never introduced themselves. "OK Aragorn. My name is Lauren Ellis. You can call me Lauren." Aragorn noticed that Ellis was similar to Elessar, but knew he had no way of knowing if the one had come from the other. "It is very nice to meet you, Lauren." A silence fell between them as they tried to think of something else to say. Aragorn asked a question that he had meant to ask earlier. "Why did you think this was the afterlife? Why would you think you were dead?" She took in a quick breath and abruptly looked away from Aragorn. By the time she looked back at him, Aragorn had a bad feeling about what she would say. "Well," she began slowly. "I had an accident, I think." "An accident?" Aragorn asked her when it looked like she was not going to elaborate. "It's the middle of winter where I'm from," she began slowly. "It had snowed early in the day but melted quickly. The roads were fine, or so I thought. I guess there was enough water left to freeze when the temperature dropped after the sun went down. I was driving home after meeting a friend for dinner. There must have been a patch of black ice or something. It all happened so quickly, but the last thing I remember was losing control of the car and going over an embankment. I saw the trees rushing at me, then woke up here." For a split second, Aragorn found himself caught up in her memories. He was trapped, restrained in some sort of metal and glass box and they were flying toward a stand of trees at an unimaginable speed. As quickly as it started, it stopped, and they were back on the beach. Aragorn stared at Lauren in dismay. He did not understand all that he had seen and heard, but he did not know how anyone could have survived the collision that had surely occurred. Lauren shook her head abruptly and ran a trembling hand through her hair. "I'm sorry about that. I've really been avoiding thinking about it. I don't know how you saw that with me, but then, I don't know how any of this is possible at all. But one thing I know is that the accident was a bad one. I was going sixty miles an hour when I went off the road. Few people simply walk away from accidents like that. When you add in the fact that I'm here and not waking up in the real world, the signs don't point to anything good." Aragorn wanted to say something comforting, but he didn't know what to say. Before he could think of anything, a strange feeling came over him. As he looked down, he saw his body fading away into nothing. He looked back up at Lauren in concern. She shook her head in response to the question in his eyes. "You said you found yourself here when you fell asleep. You're probably just waking up. Don't worry about it. I have the feeling you don't belong here anyway. Enjoy your life, Aragorn. You never know when it will all come to an end." Her eyes held onto his, and he saw a glimpse of the depth of pain and sorrow hidden there before she and her surroundings faded from his awareness. Once the beach had faded completely, he felt a hand on his shoulder, shaking him slightly. He opened his eyes to see Arwen staring at him in concern. "What is wrong?" he asked groggily. "It is morning, and I could not wake you," Arwen said. "Are you ill?" Aragorn sat up and shook his head to erase the last remnants of sleep. "No, I am well. I was dreaming, but it felt so real. I think I met our distant granddaughter, and she seems to be in trouble." Arwen gazed at her husband. "Tell me of this dream. Maybe we can determine what it means." And so he did.