confident glance, Legolas squeezed Dunthon's hand and led Aduial off to the east, while Duvenech nodded to Lendlir as they took point toward the forest's west edge. Dunthon turned to Ristolf, his personal royal guard, and they leapt lightly into the treetops heading along the center of the forest. The remaining pairs spread out in parallel to these lead groups, so that soon a solid line of scouts and trackers was moving down the narrow forest. Without speaking aloud, the search parties moved quickly and cautiously, stretching all their sharp senses ahead of and around them for some sign of their missing kinsman or the mischief he may have found. Trouble had returned to Dundaur and, gracious hosts as elves could be, this guest was not welcome. Hours later, near the mountains' boundary, Legolas paused a moment in his search, wishing that the overnight clouds had showered rain and not just broken moonshade upon the forest. For though the water would have washed sweet pine into the air, making scent tracking nearly impossible, he would much prefer to be lost in that perfume than to lack the clear pathways of prey's footprints in freshly wet soil. He smiled, knowing that similar thoughts passed through minds across the forest now as many sharp eyes scanned dry earth for absent clues. Continuing through the night and a good distance from the settlement, he and his search partner had found no sign of any elf, nor of any other being. Just as the late morning sun began to emerge over the eastern peaks, and as he leapt from one scraggly fir to another, a surge of tension swept over him like a gust of wind. He looked to Aduial who also had halted several trees over, and Aduial stared back, confirming that both had the sensed the same change, along the same connections to others of their community. Still without speaking, they both turned south, toward the other pairs and the ridgeline than ran through the forest, dividing it unevenly into high vista ridge and low river slopes. From his kindred further ahead, Legolas now sensed sudden sadness and a growing, cold anger. These shared feelings drew him faster to their source. Remaining in the trees, he and Aduial wound down the steep slope to the forest's lower level where the wordless call of others' minds led them along the cliffbase, a number of miles further from the settlement. As the distress and resolve became almost palpable, Legolas and Aduial left the trees and stepped cautiously into a small opening in the forest cover just below the rockface. At one edge, two elves knelt among the jumbled rocks that littered the area, and Legolas sensed six pair of vigilant eyes alert in the trees around, standing close watch over the scene before him. Grief washed over the prince as tangibly as did the dappled morning sunlight passing through clouds and trees to calico the scene. Úrsir took note of him first, looking up with tearful eyes, and Clair glanced up briefly from her silent farewell to acknowledge his arrival before dropping her gaze again. His eyes followed to find emerging from under a draped blanket, one frayed braid of dark brown hair and a graceful, green-clad arm unnaturally bent. And all was too still and quiet. The metalsmith from Imladris left her husband attending the motionless form, and approached Legolas. She spoke softly in respect, sorrow and stealth. "My lord, Dunthon and Ristolf found him first; Úrsir and I came second. It is clear that he fell… or was pushed… from the ledges above." Legolas looked up the sheer slope, and Aduial stepped protectively closer with arrow notched. Clair continued, "Dunthon took Ristolf and four others above to search. Others join them as they arrive." Legolas cast his mind about them for some signs of progress or success. "The forest has grown silent as they hunt." As if to spite him, a broken bleat echoed from far above, followed by a horrendous roar and hurried cries in various elvish tongues. They all looked up, primed arrowheads following, as trees snapped, bows sang and something large thrashed beyond sight but well within earshot. Scanning the vision-filling cliffs above them, the elves worked to isolate on which of the various outcroppings and levels the obvious struggle was unfolding. Narrowing their search, Ristolf's clear voice cried above the din, " Saingund!" (5)with an urgency and panic that chilled this prince's heart. At the same time, someone in the trees nearby shouted, " O thaen!," (6) whirling elven heads and taut-drawn bows to a point directly overhead. All looked up to see a great, bellowing and five-limbed shape pour over a ledge far above, and grow ever larger in its descent. A shower of rocks and dirt surrounded it, as Aduial grabbed Clair and Legolas and pulled them back toward the cover of the trees. Legolas saw Úrsir throw himself across his fallen comrade, to protect him from the rock shower. Returning his eyes to the strange-showering skies, he calculated that the dark shape would crash to the ground just beside the prone and the protecting elves. They would be soiled and scratched perhaps, but safe. It was in these slowed seconds that his eyes were caught by a second, smaller and more familiar form falling beside the first. Their eyes met: Two still; two in motion. Two light; two dark. Four fearful. United in one thought: melda. (7) Shaking off his guard's grip, Legolas screamed, "Dunthon!" and jumped forward. A sickening trumpet blast blew, the earth shook, a cloud of air and dust erupted between them, and the steady archer was knocked from his feet. Text Notes 1 Sindarin: dun "west" lenited taur "wood" 2 Sindarin: variation on hall "exalted, high" ion "son of" 3 Sindarin: hall "exalted, high" lenited doron "oak" 4 Sindarin: brannon "lord," nîn "my" 5 Sindarin: sain "new" lenited cund "prince" 6 Sindarin: o "from", stop mutated taen "height" 7 Quenya: "beloved"