in his voice, the look in his eyes, the way he hugged her tight. "What will you name the hawk?" Belaraniel said trying to remember what the man had called the strange bird. "I will name him… Beleger," Tristan said poking his finger through the cage and stroking the birds feather. "You want to name him Mighty one?" Belaraniel said laughing, for that was the elven word for mighty one. Tristan shook his head yes, "you must be naming him after me…" she laughed ruffling his hair and kissing his forehead. "Sure mother," Tristan said looking at his mom. Belaraniel smiled before walking to the door. "You should find a place to put him," Belaraniel said looking to her son. "Yes mother," he said holding the cage in his hands. "Then turn out your lights and go to sleep," Belaraniel said sighing looking to her son, he looked so much like his father. "Yes mother," Tristan said smiling. Belaraniel went to close the doors but Tristan had one more thing to say, "good night mother." "Good night son, I love you and I will see you in the morning," Belaraniel said smiling to her soon. "Love you mother and see you in the morning," Tristan said before finding a spot in his room to put his hawk. Belaraniel smiled as she shut the door behind her. Belaraniel walked into her room where she spent the night… crying… and alone. That night Belaraniel had another nightmare. That the gods had burnt the city, and everyone within. Was no one safe any longer? Belaraniel woke up in a heavy sweat. Belaraniel walked to her mirror and pulled the back of it out. There was Glamthaus still shiny, bright, and beautiful. She took him out of his case and swung him around slightly. Belaraniel felt the cold metal as she began to think of the days when she use to fight with him. She use to practice with him until Tristan got old enough that she didn't want to put anything in his mind. Belaraniel tucked it under her bed like she use to, and then fell asleep. Morning came and Tristan was up with his bird. He fed it mice, and then ran down the stairs to eat his breakfast. Belaraniel smiled at her son. He then kissed his mother on the cheek and ran off to play. He grabbed his sword before going to the stables and brining Rascal out. Rascal neighed as Tristan climbed on top. Nellia and Arabil trotted out. They were good friends with Tristan, though they were five years older then him. They all went out towards the woods of Mirkwood. "Guess what you guys!" Tristan said as they rode through the forest dodging branches and roots in the ground. "What Tristan?" Rascal said excitedly as he raced through the forest. "I got a hawk! The one my father always promised to get me when he had time!" Tristan said excitedly. "Well about time your father do what he said he was going to," Nellia said galloping beside Arabil through the forest. "Well my father didn't exactly get it for me…" before he could finish Rascal interrupted. "You didn't steal it did you?" Rascal said throwing his head around as he ran through the forest. "Of course not Rascal! My mother bought it for me," Tristan said slowing Rascal down. He heard a boy yelling, obviously needing help. Immediately he made Rascal ride in that direction. He saw a little red head boy being picked on by five other kids. They were pushing him around. Rascal stomped uncomfortably in the mud, "leave him alone!" "Look who it is, the prince of Mirkwood and a couple of centaur's," one of the boys said crossing his arms and laughing. "Yeah and?" Tristan said climbing off of Rascal. The boys all looked at each other and laughed. "Leave now, your highness," the boy laughed mocking Tristan. "Leave him alone… now," Tristan said crossing his arms and standing his ground. "Or what will you do? Call your daddy?" the boy said pushing the other little boy into the mud. These kids were obviously older then him, they were nearly fourteen, obviously only half elf's. "No, I will deal with you myself," Tristan said pulling out his sword. The boys looked nervous for a moment but then all laughed. Nellia and Arabil looked at each other uncomfortably. "What you think you can take me by yourself plus two centaur girls? All of us? With that sword of yours?" the boy asked laughing with his other friends. Tristan pulled out his bow and shot the boy in the foot. The boy jumped up in pain holding his foot as Tristan pulled another arrow out and pointed it at the others. They all started running followed by their obvious leader, who was now limping. "Are you alright?" Tristan asked helping up the little red head boy. He was strange to Tristan, he'd never seen a boy with red hair before. "Yes thank you," the little boy said wiping the mud off of his face, "my lord," he said hastily forgetting Tristan was the prince of Mirkwood. "No need to call me that, call me Tristan. What is your name?" Tristan said smiling at his new friend. "My name is Gwaldor, but almost everyone else calls me Gwaldo," Gwaldor said walking out of the mud. "Well Gwaldor you have a new friend. It is a pleasure to meet you," Tristan said holding his hand out. "My name is Nellia, and this is Arabil," the two girls said trotting up to the red head boy and shaking his hand. "Hello Arabil and Nellia," Gwaldor said waving to them shyly. They both waved at him back. Tristan climbed onto Rascal and offered Gwaldor a ride into town. Gwaldor took that offer from Tristan, and they rode Rascal out of the forest. For the rest of the day the two boys and two fillies played in the seat.