answering as neutral as he could. "Me? There's nothing. I bit on a bone." Thranduil raised the much used eyebrow and shrugged it off as odd behavior. Legolas had other thoughts at the approximation by his father. Surely father, you don't I am that happy after your confrontation? If I didn't think that you didn't know me it all, this would be a proof of it. The prince was certainly not happy. Leander had sat down eventually beside the king. After hearing Thranduil questioning his youngest offspring, he leaned over to whisper something in his king's ear. "Very well! Keep going, my lord!" Thranduil turned around to glare at the rudely and unrespectful behavior of the student, but played along again that evening. "Your face betrays something of your deepest thoughts." The king said in a strange voice towards his son. "Excellent." The student said, after nodding encouraging. "May I guess to the luck that fills your heart?" The king asked his son. "You may, adar. I admit that my face, as my heart, is very happy." Good, he doesn't avoid the topic. Thranduil might think that way, but his wife the queen didn't think that. Now, Thranduil? Where's your mind? This is something that must be discussed in private! The queen hid the panic from her face, but inside everything went wrong. Thranduil leaned over to Leander, and whispered in his ear. "I begin to believe that you are right." He said. Leander couldn't help but smile in the back of his head. He whispered back "He is lovesick." Legolas thought the situation suspicious and decided to come between, "Does someone want any soup?" It came out very unprofessional and nervous. As if Legolas said whom he loved, Leander suddenly irrupted. "O, prince. Clearer you couldn't be!" Everyone turned to stare at the student. The king only asked "Is that so?", before talking to the one in charge of the kitchen. Then the king said loudly enough for everyone to hear that he agreed that the bunny could be served. Several soft cheers were heard from the guests, for they would like to see the tension break at the high table. After the bunnies were served, lieutenant Haerelon cleared his throat very loudly. Everyone paused to turn to the lieutenant, who had stopped every movement in the Great Hall. "Majesty, I would like to toast on the well-being of you and your family." Everyone agreed and said in union "On your well-being, king!" Several hours later almost everyone was on the green dancing. The royal family were all growing tired of the feast and some intended to get ready to go to bed. It was past midnight, and feasts like this one were known to continue until the morning or until everyone had passed out or retreated home. King Thranduil glanced for the hundred's time to his son Legolas, for he started to worry about him. Yes, he had been too hard on him. King Thranduil never wanted to spoil his children, but he never wanted to hurt them on purpose either. He also felt guilty for being too fierce, and perhaps taking advantage of eventually wine or his son's lovesick and innocent behavior. Not that his son was allowed to drink wine... Soon enough most of the wise and responsible elves had retreated home, and two of Thranduil's daughters were already to bed. His queen had retreated to their chambers to read a book or perhaps sleep earlier. Where Legolas was, he did not know. Thranduil had thought to the times when he was younger, and decided that spending on the green with guards guarding him and the palace and with his lover couldn't do much damage. Until his son's lover rejected him. No, don't think like that Thranduil Oropherion! He sighed before putting the wine glass down. Drinking wouldn't decrease his worries as a father. With one glance outside, he also retreated to the bedchambers. The next morning Leander reported himself ready for duty by his teacher and the head advisor of the king, Golwenor. Golwenor stood with his arms crossed in the opening of his office. Not a good sign , Leander thought to himself. Surely, he won't be too hard...? Golwenor didn't say anything, but gestured him to follow him inside. When he was inside, the head advisor closed the door hard behind them. He walked to his desk and stood behind it, staring intentionally at him with a stern gaze. After an awkward silence, Golwenor opened his mouth. Not that any friendly words were coming out... After a long lecture about duty and discipline, the awkward sensation was decreased to an almost bearable level. Golwenor thought long and hard, before asking his student a question he wanted to ask since he heard what had taken place that evening. With that question, the tension was completely gone. "Pen neth, who is the lover of the prince?" Leander only smiled. Translations Aeglessil – snow thorn Adar – Father Naneth - Mother Ellyn – Male elves Ellon – Male elf Haerelon – Distant star Mae govannen – Well met Hannon le – Thank you Meleth nin – My love Golwenor – Wise One Pen neth – Young One Information Irmo – Vala, Master of dreams and desires. A/N Somethings weren't completely true, and some things may not even be possible in Middle-Earth. I still hope you enjoyed the story, for it is my first story in the Lord of the Rings category. And, the first story were I did research for and deepen in the world where the story takes place. Please bear with me for now. I know Irmo isn't like Cupido, but I wanted to make a joke about it. Leander didn't pay any attention to that topic and mixed several things up. Let's pretend that some of the men of Midde-Earth did believe in Cupido and Leander thought Irmo was the Cupido of the elves. Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed it.