but a babe." "And how did you hope to accomplish this?" Aragorn asked, crossing his arms over his chest. Coruwen's gaze flickered up to his for a moment before she looked back at the floor, a flush covering her cheeks. "I intended to burn all of your food, so you would think I could not cook, and refuse to speak more than necessary." Her eyes flickered up again entreatingly. "I truly did not wish to hurt you. I thought that if I tripped and dropped the chicken, you would think me clumsy and wish to have nothing to do with me. I never thought about the knife that was also on the tray. You must believe that." Aragorn knew that her excessive apologies were not only to earn his forgiveness, but out of fear for her own well being. It was a crime to attack the Chieftain with intent to harm or kill him, and Aragorn had no desire to see her punished as a traitor. However, he wished to know the reason behind her desperate ploy. If he were going to suffer such a miserable evening, he wanted to at least know why. "Why would you go through all of this simply to ensure that I would have no interest in you?" Aragorn's brow furrowed as he tried to understand. Exhaling sharply, Coruwen sat down heavily on a chair in front of the table. She looked back up at him and he saw the sheen of tears in her eyes. "I love another, but Adar does not approve. He has held on to the idea of you and I marrying for so long that he will hear nothing else, no matter my wishes." "Your father would force you to marry against your will?" Aragorn asked, horrified at the thought. He moved further into the room and took a seat near the fireplace. "My husband is a good man," Haneth protested at the tone of Aragorn's voice. "He only wants what is best for his daughter." She sighed and sank down into her earlier chair. "I believe he is trying to recapture the past. He and your father had such plans, my lord. This is his way of attempting to stay true to those plans. It is hard for him to accept that things have changed, that Coruwen has made a different choice than he. For some reason, he seemed to think that if the two of you met, you would fall into place in his plans. My daughter has told him many times that she has found the man she wishes to marry, but he will not hear it. She thought that if you were to tell him that she does not suit you, he would finally give up on his dreams of the past." "Why did you not simply tell me this?" Aragorn asked in frustration and no small amount of relief. "Had you explained this to me from the start, I would have told your father that you had my blessing to marry whomever you wish." "You would have?" Coruwen gazed at him in disbelief, a stunned look on her face. "Do you think so little of your Chieftain to imagine that I would want to marry a woman who loved another?" Aragorn asked. He would not tell them of his love for Arwen, but he felt such great relief that this woman had no expectations from him that he started laughing. When they looked at him as if he were crazy, he laughed all the harder. When he finally regained control of himself, he met Coruwen's gaze. "I will tell your father what you wish. You and I do not suit each other, and you are free to marry another." "She and Inthan are too young to marry yet, but perhaps in a few years, we will give our permission," Haneth said, making it clear to her daughter that she could not marry so soon, even if her Chieftain and lord had given his blessing. Coruwen inclined her head to her mother. "As you wish, Naneth." Her face was alight with joy and relief as the fear and burden fell from her shoulders. Turning her attention back to Aragorn, she bowed her head. "Thank you, my lord Aragorn. You are truly a just and understanding man." She glanced around the room, and her cheeks flushed pink as she saw the knife in the chair and the chicken lying on the floor. "Would we be able to keep the events here to ourselves? I do not believe my father would be quite so understanding as you." Eyeing the knife again, Aragorn nodded his head soberly. "I will agree to that quite readily. If my brothers ever heard that I was nearly stabbed at dinner, they would never let me forget this incident. After they stopped laughing, I would be teased about this quite mercilessly." A wince crossed his face at the thought. A smile crossed Coruwen's face as she watched Aragorn. "You mentioned your brothers earlier. How can you have brothers? Arathorn only had one son." Now that she did not have to abide by her plan, she was quite interested in hearing his stories. Aragorn settled back into his chair, and the three spent the rest of the evening talking. After helping them clean up the remains of the burned dinner, Aragorn was treated to the food they had made earlier for their true dinner. He found that Coruwen was quite a talented cook, after all. The next day, Aragorn had a long talk with Erthor, and the elder Ranger finally came to realize that his dream for his daughter would no longer be possible. Over the years, Aragorn grew quite close to the family, and it was his pleasure to join Coruwen and Inthan in marriage when they were deemed old enough. The unexpected friendship that he forged that night in the aftermath of a burned dinner and a near fatal accident lasted a lifetime.