hand caught her shoulder and spun her around, putting her face to face with her obviously irritated brother. -What should I even do with you?! I asked you to not make anymore rushed decisions and this is what you give me!? – he started instantly, not caring about being overheard. Their arguments weren't anything uncommon anyway. – I have not asked you to offer him anything! The moment he said so, she instantly felt anger taking the better of her. -You are right, you haven't asked! Why do you think I should care about what you are telling me?! – she barked back. – Maybe I said a word too much, but… -Oh, I'm glad you can see this now- Galaren was nearly seething, but she honestly couldn't blame him. – What do you propose to do now?! He just turned down Haldir's offer to help, because of what you had told him! -Well, I can actually appreciate that – she tried not to smile, but failed. - And I will do just as I said... -You don't really mean it – the male elf shook his head in disbelief. - What if he will tell someone...? -He will not – Lithien interfered, absolutely sure of her words. - Do you really think they will even remember our route? -You seem surprisingly sure of him. Is it all because he is Estel's friend? -Even if it is, you should also take that as enough of recommendation – elleth huffed. - Just trust me on this, will you? I promise it won't bring you any troubles... -I couldn't care less about it... I just want to know what had possessed you to even tell him anything?! -You just won't give this one up, won't you? Maybe that has escaped your notice, but I'm old enough to make my own decisions... Maybe it was just an impulse? And maybe I simply want a change?! -I cannot see how that has anything to do with our Mirkwood kinsmen... - Galaren eyed his sister suspiciously. -Well, I was thinking about visiting Rivendell for quite some time now. It has been too long since I had an occasion to do so. If I go now, you will not have to worry about me travelling all alone… - she smiled sweetly closing her hand around his bicep, catching the older elf off guard, by this unexpected, affectionate gesture. - I might just believe you…– elf smirked involuntary – But, you can't be serious now. -Why can't I? – Lithien smiled even further, knowing, that their argument ended as fast as it started. She also knew that she had won this one, even if Galaren still appeared unsure. -Because, I know you well enough to be sure, that you are up to something… I just wonder what is it this time? Cause, I can't believe in a sheer will of visiting old friends… -Well, it's not that I want to abandon my duties… - she didn't even try to hide the lie this time. - I need it Galaren, or else I will soon get mad… Please? -Now you're sounding almost too sweet, to be my sister – the captain smiled, brushing the loose strand of hair behind her pointed ear. – I can't deny you, if you want it so much. Just… Do you realise, how much you have angered Haldir? -So? Do I look like I care? – she pouted briefly, before smiling mischievously – Besides, you are my captain, not him… I do not have to please him. And I don't have to even like him. -You may get in troubles, because of that… -Please stop worrying so much. It's not like this is the first blow to his pride that I humbly delivered. And that is why, getting away for a while, is a great idea. I promise, I will behave myself and that I will be back soon... I know you don't like me leaving… -Take your time, as long as you will make it back safely – he squeezed his sister's shoulder gently. – And please, don't forget to ask permission. Politely. -Do you really have such a little faith in my manners? - she glanced at him above her shoulder, one brow arched thoughtfully. Galaren only spared her a shrug and smiled. Elleth snorted and cuffed him playfully in the shoulder. -If you want to keep going like this you might as well share a meal with me – she snickered spinning gracefully out of his reach. -Hospitality requires to invite our guest as well... What's with that face dear sister? I thought that you have found him to your liking... - I find a new set of knives to my liking – Lithien actually rolled her eyes. - He made a nice impression and that's all. Now come along, before you say a word too much. -You are uncharacteristically touchy on the subject – Galaren grinned at her expression. - It's just a little suspicious... But I can't say, that I blame you. Her eyes suddenly squinted, when she stared at him in realization. -You and your dirty mind! How about finding yourself a woman first, hmm? – elleth swatted away her brother's placating hand. – Men… - she huffed irritably stumbling off. -Deny me, then – he laughed and avoided a fist coming to collide with his shoulder for real this time. -I don't have to deny anything and especially not your vivid imagination. Now cut it out or else I will start to pester you on your little slips... How old are you exactly? The captain chuckled, but fell silent obediently. If he didn't want to turn the friendly banter into the serious argument if was the right time to stop, before Lithien would feel even more uncomfortable. He didn't want her to leave, while she was mad at him, and as long as it was nothing but an innocent impression, there wasn't anything worth worrying about.