will not sail today. He must choose only one way. But there is no choice, actually. He takes a deep breath, and lets go of the support of the last umbrella pine. His feet sink into the white sand. He has never minded that before, but now, the sand seems to entangle him. The drops of blood shine like rubies against its whiteness. He falls to his knees, and struggles to get up again. He does, and after a few steps falls once more. He lies on the ground, breathing deeply against the pain. He gets to his knees. Stands up and falls and stands up again. He crawls... and all the while, he clutches the Silmaril in his hand. Vingilot ... He is on the pier, but does not remember when he entered it. He can see the pale silhouette of the swan-prow against the deep darkness of the night ocean. She looks lonely and abandoned without her light. When he approaches, he can almost feel her joy and expectation. She is eager to sail... He touches her timbers soothingly. Soon, my Foam-flower... As if the ship has given him strength, he manages to climb to her deck, and with a last effort he returns the Silmaril to its place as her lantern. It feels right, like a piece of a puzzle falling into its place. He sinks to the deck then, and closes his eyes in exhaustion. But he can't rest yet. He must sail.... He bites his lip, and rises shakily with the support of her rail. He clutches the helm, and bids her to rise – more with his thought then with a movement. And she obeys, purring happily in a song that only he can hear. She ascends the sky like a flaming point of white light, like a silver spark of a fire that is not from this world. The journey passes in a blur. The ship knows the way, and does not need his steadying hand anymore. He lies on the deck, and watches the stars pass above him. His heartbeat pulses in his wounds and measures the time, and yet it feels like centuries out of its flow. When he turns painfully, he can see the lands below through the rails. The foam on the waves of the Sea mixes with the clouds, and merges with the dark mass of the mainland, as he doesn't notice when he passes the shores. But he knows when he nears the place. He forces his eyes to focus. Where are you, Aragorn? I am here... I did not abandon you... There, a figure lies curled on the ground. He can see the fires of a camp nearby. But he knows how far it is... His heart clenches. Rise! Rise and walk! Do not give up... But the man does not hear his words. He shivers in pain. In fever, maybe... Eärendil realises that the touch of the rail feels strangely cool on his brow, but he does not pay it more thought. He urges the man forwards... Fever is setting in. Aragorn feels its tendrils sapping the strength from his body. He should have expected it. Infection is quite common with the wounds from a Warg... But it is not the fever and pain that lies on him like a dark weight. It is grief. Now that he is no longer concentrating on the next step, it hits him fully. He has led another of his men to death. Again he will have to face a woman and tell her she is a widow. Again he will try to offer words of comfort where there is no comfort to be given. He is tired, so very tired... A brooch shaped like a many-rayed star is in the pocket of his cloak, and it weights him down like an anchor. The Star of Dúnedain... Again he brings one without its owner, a memory for the grieving family and a sign that the one wearing it died with honour. Yes, with honour – defending his Chieftain, Aragorn thinks bitterly. His thoughts are getting muddled, returning to that star. A pride to give it... the pride of his people... the honour of death... and the grief... grief of the living... guilt... The star... Something urges him to look up. It is on the sky... The Star of Dúnedain... It shines like Flame Imperishable itself, the one that burns in every living being. Men die... but it will ever shine. The hope of his people... the hope for the future... No, he cannot lie here! He must follow that star. He must lead them to that future. He grits his teeth, and rises to his feet slowly. He staggers forward, after the star... Yes... That's right...Go on... Eärendil sighs in relief. It is painful to watch the Ranger's slow progress, but he goes on. He falls, and rises again. He clenches his hands in pain, but he goes on until, finally, the fires of the camp are in sight. The patrols notice him. Finally his strength gives up. They catch him as he falls... With a sigh, Eärendil leans his head on the deck and closes his eyes. Was it his light that helped? Who knows... But he fulfilled his duty today, and was allowed to see a good end. Through the pain assaulting him again, he smiles slightly. The stars pass above him, and merge like a blur with the pale light of dawn... He is not flying anymore... The waves of the Sea are cradling Vingilot. Like a landing swan, she reaches her haven. The air is sweet and fresh. The air of Valinor... He feels hands... cool, gentle hands touching his fevered brow... other hands are carrying him inside. They are strong and safe. Eönwë, his sword-brother... Elwing's voice is calling to him. He opens his eyes and through the pain, he smiles. He returned the light of hope to the sky. He fulfilled his duty...