break your heart. He's the reason you will die. #"Legolas heard a voice speaking in his head. With a hesitatingly smile he touched Aragorn's cheek and pulled him closer for another slow kiss. "#If this is my fate I agree to suffer it. #"He replied to the voice in his thoughts and after that he never heard it again. ... Hungry lips were kissing a flat stomach, saturated by the sighs he received in doing so from the elf's mouth. Every touch was a wish and every sigh and moan and kiss the answer to it. Aragorn watched Legolas' with a fond expression in his face as the immortal undressed him gently. Soon both of them were completely naked, but they were longing too much for each other to feel ashamed. Lips were crushing on lips, meeting like the rough waves of the sea, mingling with each other and rocking forth and back again. Legolas kneeled on the bed, kissing Aragorn who sat right beside him. He felt Aragorn's hand stroking down his side and a strange feeling of warmth spread inside his stomach. While they were kissing passionately his fingers caressed the man's cheek and jaw, suddenly pulling him closer to the elf's body. Legolas noticed the harsh pace of his heart, beating strong against his chest. He shivered. It seemed like he was between safety and fear; Safety because it was his Aragorn who made him feel so desired and restless and wishful; Fear because he had never felt like this, because he didn't know what was awaiting him. Slowly he pulled back to inhale the air he was missing. Aragorn opened his eyes gradually and in the moment Legolas looked into them he heard himself gasp and his heart stopped for a second. He had never seen such a desiring longing gaze in the man's eyes that expressed so much love and affection. It cut right through his heart, slowly, bitter and oh so sweet. Suddenly all the fear was taken away. Legolas felt like being enchanted and put under a secret spell that only the man knew. With a tender smile he stroked Aragorn's face and the man leaned into his touch with a quiet sigh. Then Legolas sat up and moved a bit so that he sat right on Aragorn's thighs. He looked down at Aragorn's face and felt the answering quivering hot breaths that smashed into his face, again and again. They were not touching, but their chests were so close that they could feel the warmth radiating from the other person's body. Soon they couldn't stand this near distance anymore and hands were seeking and finding again, mouths whispering confessions of love, lips touching naked skin hungrily. Finally Legolas moved a bit and slowly he sat down again on the man's thighs, embracing his fiery warmth with a painful moan. He embraced Aragorn's body fiercely and his arms seemed to crush the man's ribs, but Aragorn responded with holding him as tight as possible. He hid his face in the golden hair of the elf, which smelt sweetly and in doing so he felt the first drops of sweat in the neck of the immortal as he breathed heavily against his skin. He felt himself pounding hardly in the beloved body, all the blood rushing into a certain area. His fingernails dug into Legolas' back and a loud moan escaped both of them, making them both shiver with shock and pleasure. It didn't take long and Legolas felt his body relaxing more and more; the pain vanished and turned into sweet thrilling pressure inside of him that made him sigh and moan and beg for more. His lips kissed Aragorn's, time and time again, and he released his hold a bit. They started to lose themselves in one another. Their bodies started to move, aching in the most perfect way. Hands touched and stroked and were regaled by finding that the other person was still there and that it wasn't a dream they were put in to. Legolas moved his hips back and forth in uneven intervals and every time he crashed against Aragorn's pelvis it was more and more hard to keep his moans under control. The pressure inside and against him grew endlessly and if Aragorn's hands hadn't hold his pelvis Legolas might have fallen over. He felt the man's body trembling under his; his kisses had stopped a while ago, when it had become too hard to breathe and to kiss at the same time. He searched for Aragorn's hand and their fingers intertwined immediately, holding each other. This was their night. Their bond had been sealed finally. All at once Legolas felt a hot wave flooding through his body, overwhelming him completely, and he held Aragorn closely to his chest to have something to hold on to. For a moment he could not see, everything turned black and he heard his suffocated gasp, followed by a lot of moans and frissons of excitement- Aragorn held the elf in his arms while he himself was run over by the strangest of all feelings, too. And here they were, soaked in each other's arms, holding on to each other as if the world was ending, as if there was no tomorrow. And, truth being told, they were right to do so, because there would be no dawn for them. No dawn that could bring them any hope or love. This night would be the first and the last. While Legolas lay in Aragorn's arm, who still held him in his sleep, he thought about this, too. He realized there was no chance, and this idea seemed so completely illogical, because he was lying here, with the man he loved and from whom he knew that he loved him too. But he was holding a body that was not his, and he loved a heart that had never been promised to him. FIRST END/ TO BE CONTINUED (if you want to )