saw Celebrían swept into an embrace by a silver haired male. Right behind him came a beautiful lady with long golden hair. The small family could be heard sobbing as Celebrían was held between them. Eruraviel smiled and turned and swiftly mounted. She had just turn Arvellas towards to trees when she felt a hand grasp her forearm. Turning she saw the silver male whom she guessed was Lord Celeborn holding her arm. "Please wait, at least stay tonight so that we may thank you for returning out daughter to us and her family." Eruraviel paused for a minute before nodding and swiftly dismounted. Turning she bowed to Lord Celeborn. "Thank you for allowing me to stay the night. It is much appreciated." She quietly stated. She felt hands grasp her shoulders pulling her up from her bow. "Please don't bow it is us who should be bowing to you." Celeborn stated earnestly. "May I ask what your name is?" he asked. Eruraviel smiled. "Ah, my name is Eruraviel of Gondolin." She stated. She saw his eyes go wide for a second and several gasps could be heard from the gathered elves. Lord Celeborn laughed and wrapped his arm around her shoulders before grabbing Celebrían's hand in his right. Eruraviel saw Galadriel holding her daughters other hand. "Tis been many years since a Gondolin elf has been seen, well besides Glorfindel of course. Where have you been these many years?" Galadriel asked. Eruraviel smiled sadly. "I have been roaming middle-earth since my homes fall. As far as I was aware I was actually the last Gondolin elf on this side of the seas. I was not aware Lord Glorfindel had been reborn and returned. I have not actually been to any of the elven settlements. Oh I know where they are naturally but that is the extent of my knowledge." She stated. She saw curiosity flash in Celeborn's eyes as they reached what Eruraviel assumed was their private home. "Why do you not settle down in one of the settlements?" Celeborn asked quietly. There was a pause before Eruraviel decided it didn't matter if they knew, not like it would change anything. "well, you see…I feel I should have been able to do more, save more…" she paused as her gwador's lifeless body appeared in her mind before pushing the image aside and continuing. "to me wandering and saving who I can is my way to repay those I failed." She saw sadness in their eyes as they listened to her. Soon the opened the door and made their way into the main room. Celeborn led her to the farthest door on the right before opening it to reveal a bedroom. "You can sleep here tonight if you wish," he stated before bowing once more to her and guiding his wife and daughter to another room. Smiling softly she closed the door and collapsed on the bed and fell asleep without removing any of her clothes or weapons. She slept through the day and the rest of the night before finally awakening in the pale beams of sunlight slipping through the window. Groaning she sat up and cursed her stupidity at leaving her weapons on. It was a bad habit of hers that always led to an uncomfortable night's sleep. But for the first time in ages she slept without nightmares. She tended to have slight dark rings around her eyes from lack of sleep. Only an experienced healer would be able to tell that it wasn't make-up but exhaustion, many years of it to be exact. She opened the door and saw Celeborn reclining on the couch with Celebrían's curled into him. He glanced up as she entered and smiled. "I hope you slept well, you must have been extremely tired." He said quietly to avoid waking Celebrían. "Celebrían was hoping to leave later today to return home, her husband and children are quite worried and anxious to see her. We intend to send our best guard along with her. Would you be willing to accompany her home?" he asked his eyes pleading. Eruraviel thought deeply, she didn't mind helping truly she didn't but well she tended to avoid the elves for fear of becoming too attached. Finally she sighed and nodded her acceptance to Celeborn who beamed at her in thanks. "However," Eruraviel stated warningly, "should the guard pester me with ceaseless questions like elflings I will not hesitate to throw them in the river." She said clearly. She truly would, she hated it when elves acted like elflings and would not leave her alone, and it drove her up a wall. Celeborn didn't seem to find this at all offensive. As a matter of fact judging from the laughter coming from him he found it more humorous than anything. She had no idea that he was only laughing because of the many times he had heard Glorfindel complain of the exact same thing. The morning passed quickly and by early afternoon everyone was in their saddles waiting for whoever would ride on the last two horses. Eruraviel was curious as to whom the last guard was. She could see Haldir and several other guards adding up to twenty not counting whoever the last one was. At the sound of approaching feet everyone looked over and was surprised to see Lord Celeborn arrive with his daughter both in riding gear. Many of the guard seemed ready to protest before Eruraviel spoke up. "my, my the lord of the golden wood graces us with his aid on the ride, shall we put padding on your saddle my Lord?" she said jokingly. Everyone was absolutely silent in shock before everyone including Celebrían broke out in laughter and giggles. Celeborn gave her a mock glare for the comment before helping his daughter mount before doing the same on his horse. He made a show of shifting uncomfortably in the saddle, which made everyone laugh again before they set out to Imladris.