Aragorn. "Aragorn," I said, looking quickly back at my foster brother, "You can fight what is in your mind. You are stronger than it. Whatever you were seeing happen did not happen, it was an illusion." As I spoke I moved my hand to my belt, where I always kept a throwing knife hidden. I watched Aragorn's face and saw it go blank. Then he shook his head slightly and the ire returned to his eyes. "Estel, look at the blood on the end of your sword! That is not the blood of someone who deserves to die by your hand! That is the blood of a friend, Estel. A brother." The man's eyes had dilated severely before closing tightly and his head lowered ever so slightly. Knowing that my brother was struggling inwardly with the sorceress, I took that moment to lock gazes with the Prince, the heir to the throne of Mirkwood. Aragorn had not let go of his wrist and so he was unable to roll away from the sword under his chin. But his eyes had been trusting when they looked back at me. We knew that he was now laying his life out to me and to Aragorn, who was once again fighting for us. And still I did not throw my dagger, for I knew that during the time it took for it to sail across the field, the sorceress could have Legolas laying dead or dying on the grass. But when I looked back to Aragorn I found him staring right at me. Although his hands still betrayed him, holding Legolas as well as the blade at his neck, I knew within a second that it was my brother who was looking at me and imploring me to make my move. And so I took the risk and I spun, heaving my dagger with all my strength toward the woman. Instead of watching its flight to be sure it landed, however, I turned immediately back to Aragorn and Legolas in time to see Aragorn's grip on his sword tighten. It moved swiftly for the kill and Legolas' eyes had closed calmly. But then Aragorn's hand faltered. Almost instantly, the hand jerked back and his fingers opened. The sword fell sideways, the flat of its blade hitting Legolas' thighs before sliding to the grass. Aragorn had let out an enormous gasp as though he had been held under the water and was just now breaking the surface. He staggered backwards, letting go of Legolas. The Prince slumped forward, leaning his uninjured hand against the ground to support himself. I let them be and sprinted for the edge of the clearing, where the woman was laying amidst the trees. My dagger protruded from her gut but she was still alive and she glared hatefully at me as I approached. Equally angered, I grabbed the front of her shirt and lifted her slightly from the ground. "Who are you that you would wish to assassinate the Prince?" I shouted at her. "I am one in a household," she replied and at this, my heart dropped. "I have failed my family but they will complete our life's mission and avenge me as well." "What is the name of your house?" I asked her then. She only smiled the smile of one who knows they are dying and knows they will carry their secrets with them to the other world. "That Prince will die," she said, her words coming in rasps. She tipped her chin and I glanced over my shoulder in her indicated direction to see that Legolas had approached and stood at a cautious distance. Aragorn was there as well but stood quite a ways away from Legolas. "But not only him. I only started with him because we wanted to eliminate the heir before we go after the King." I stared hard at her because I did not know what to say. She would tell me only what she wished for me to know. "Either way, the entire royal family shall die. I swear it." These were her last words. She died in my hands and I dropped her back to the ground in disgust. When I returned to my companions it was clear that Aragorn was greatly troubled for he would not meet my eyes and would not even look in Legolas' direction. He gave a slow and broken apology to the Prince, who gave an equally broken remission. Legolas, however, would not come near to Aragorn. Their words I knew meant nothing, for both were hurting greatly. Aragorn left the clearing and did not touch his sword. It remained laying where it had fallen, Legolas' blood still drying on it. I let the man go for I knew that nothing I could say would help him until much later. Legolas, though he was composed, was still shaken by the unforeseen attempt on his life and I could see he had grown weak from the loss of blood. I gave him my shirt to hold against his chest and stem some of the flow and I ushered him back to the palace healers. Aragorn returned to see Legolas later that day. I was not present, being in another part of the palace arranging for a messenger to be sent from Rivendell. However, from speaking with both Aragorn and Legolas I learned that they shared two and a half heartfelt and sorrowful hours in each others company. And so my task comes to an end. Aragorn was not charged with any crime, having both Legolas and I as witnesses to what happened. Legolas has received stitches and is in all appearances healing without infection. Aragorn remains greatly troubled within himself and Legolas remains greatly on edge. But they have found comfort with each other and with myself. Elrohir arrived in short order with Eruhîr and even now sits with them. And I sit with Eruhîr. Time will heal what hands cannot. Elladan, Son of Elrond