you suggested it before a child came into our lives, maybe I would have agreed. As it is, you do choose your moments poorly. We have a son now, responsibilities. We cannot think of ourselves." "I do know that, and I do not dispute it," Oropher acknowledged with an incline of his dark head. "However, I am thinking of Thranduil also. I would rather he grew up in a place where prejudice did not exist." "No." Felith's voice brooked no argument. "He is an infant." Oropher slammed his goblet onto the table, and untouched wine ran over the rim in rivulets. He ignored it, turning away from his wife and attacking the opposite wall with his green glare. "I will not mention it again," he snapped. "Of course you speak truly. It would be wrong of us to drag Thranduil all the way across Arda, despite it being for his benefit as well as ours. Yes, you are right." His tirade was greeted with silence, and Felith shifted uncertainly in its wake. "You are angry," she noted softly. "Yes." "With me." "No." Oropher turned back to face the Elven woman. Though he smiled at her, his eyes were cold enough to betray him. "You are thinking of our son, and how can I fault that when I am doing the very same? No, I am not angry with you. I am angry with…the situation." Felith let out a long exhalation of breath, and lowered her eyes until they rested upon her husband's abandoned goblet. She was unsure of how to go about consoling him, afraid that any words she spoke would darken his mood rather than lighten it. "Drink your wine." It was not the first thing to enter her mind, though it seemed the safest. "Mayhap it will calm you." "No, thank you," Oropher sighed. "Where is Thranduil? Looking upon him is more calming than any drink. I have not seen him today." "He is asleep. He has been restless since this afternoon, and it took me a long while to get him settled," Felith replied quietly. "Try not to wake him." As her husband nodded acquiescence and left the kitchen, the fair lady set about cleaning up his spilt wine. She felt badly for dictating to Oropher that he could not see his own son awake, but she did not want an irritable infant on her hands tonight. If only the child's father could spend less time at the palace and more at home. Thoughts of leaving Lindon drifted into her mind, uncalled, unwanted, but too seductive to ignore. No! We cannot leave. This is our home. We cannot. Despite the vehemence of her silent protestations, the musings were not vanquished. On the upper floor of his house, Oropher's thoughts also were dark as he walked along the corridor towards the nursery. The situation was worsening. Intimidated by Gil-galad's numerous Noldor advisors, many of the Sindar who counselled him had resigned from their posts, leaving just a handful behind. The opposition – it did feel like a war at times – used this to their advantage, becoming almost brutal as they countered their Sindarin colleagues' points with others of their own. They were close to… Oropher hesitated to use the word, but they were close to cruel. He allowed a deep sigh to rush from his lips as he reached the nursery, but opening the door and looking upon his young son cut the exhalation off before it could progress any further. A wooden cot, carved by Oropher himself with some help from Vehiron, sat against the far wall. He took silent steps towards it, savouring the warmth which came and chased away the cold from his heart, and marvelling at it simultaneously. Even Felith could not sway his moods so easily. "How do you do it, penneth?" he murmured. Thranduil did not stir. He lay on his back, cerulean eyes closed to the world as he slept, as is the way with Elven children. One small hand was tightly clutching a soft toy in the vague shape of a horse; the other curled into a fist and firmly planted in his mouth. Oropher leant over the side of the cot to remove it, but he stopped himself just in time. He could not disturb his son. The infant looked like a porcelain doll. Another sigh left the Elf's lips, and he noted absently that it seemed to be happening a lot recently. Leaving Lindon was the only solution visible to his eyes, but deep down he knew that he had to accept what Felith had said. Travelling across Middle-earth with Thranduil would be both unfair and dangerous. He was just a baby. "Not forever, though," Oropher said quietly. He rested his hands on the wooden rail of the cot, looking down at his son with steely determination in his bright eyes. "A time will come when you are of an age to travel, and when that time comes, Lindon will become a part of our history. I swear." Blissfully oblivious to the oath sworn above him, Thranduil slept on. ……………………………………………………………………………………………… Well, as I mentioned above, this is the first instalment in a long series documenting the lives of both Thranduil and Legolas. There are more chapters to this story, which follows Oropher on his journey to Greenwood, and also serves as an introduction to OC's who will play parts in later stories. I will be updating every week starting in the New Year, as I'm going to Austria at the end of this month for a week. To the people who read my last story and were promised something new at the end of April… I am so sorry! I tried so hard to stick to my word, but I had so many problems with what I was writing. I hope this story and those that follow it live up to your expectations of me, and I hope also to hear from returning readers! Luv, Misto x-x