the window towards the mountain range. 'Hérion has taken twenty of his command to search for the twins. They shall be found soon and I shall not let them out of my sight until Glorfindel returns.' Erestor slowly turned his eyes to his lord. 'Why do you not let them go after her? You know they are more than adept with their weapons.' 'Two against who-knows-how-many? I am not a fool Erestor, whatever some others may think.' 'He who thinks you a fool is a fool himself,' Erestor replied. 'Still, driven with their anger and worry,' – here he glanced again at Elrond – 'I think that they will come to no harm, from the Orcs at any rate.' Elrond merely grunted. 'I also was a twin, Erestor. I know what it is like when someone you love is taken from you and you have your other half pressuring you to do something, whether you like it or not.' Erestor, not having had any siblings, had nothing to say and, with another sympathetic glance at his friend fell silent. The sun came up and the twins quickened their pace. They knew from experience that Lord Elrond had almost certainly sent out some of the Imladris Guard to take them back, by force if need be, to Rivendell. Since Orcs did not generally come through the mountains, the two Elves had little trouble for the next three or four days, though it was obvious that the foul creatures had been around. However, nearing the sixth day, it became obvious that soon it would be impossible for the horses to continue the journey. Yet the twins persisted in their haste to get to their mother. Suddenly, on a particularly snowy slender path, Beleg stumbled. As the horse fought to regain his footing, Elrohir kicked free of the stirrups. 'Beleg, neleth!' Beleg could not stop slipping. 'Elrohir, jump! He is going to go off the edge!' Elladan's frantic voice cut across Elrohir's desperate attempts to save Beleg. For a breathless moment, it looked as though Elrohir were going to ignore his brother's shout, but at the last possible second he leapt off his beloved horse's back and landed on the snow in front of Beledhel. Beledhel, spooked, reared up on his hind legs. Elrohir, who was too stunned to move, closed his eyes, waiting for the crushing pain of the iron-shod hooves being driven into his body. But Beledhel had pranced backwards, away from his master's brother, and when he again landed, his forelegs were about a foot away from Elrohir. An agonised whinny from his dying horse aroused Elrohir, who sat up shakily and looked around for his horse. His heart sank as he saw no trace except for the rocky side of the mountain edge where the snow had been scraped off by a heavy weight. 'Beleg?!' He scrambled over to the edge and looked down, distantly aware of his brother calling a warning. 'Beleg!' 'It is too late, Elrohir. He fell off the ledge. We do not know how far he fell. But it is too dangerous for us to continue with Beledhel. I shall send him back to the Valley.' 'But Beleg!' 'Ro, we can not do anything about him. You know that. Now come on.' The elder twin had dismounted and was cautiously turning his steed around on the snowy ledge. 'Noro lim, mellon nin, noro lim!' Beledhel set off at a quick trot back towards the House of Elrond. Elladan stood, staring up at the clear blue sky, deep in thought. 'Elladan! Elves. They are coming. They have caught up to us.' Elrohir finally turned away from the ledge where, sure enough, there were twenty or so horses and their riders slowly but steadily making their way up the mountain side, when he received no answer. 'Ladan?' Elladan finally drew near to the edge and crouched there, staring at the tiny moving shapes. 'I wonder if we should merely wait here until they get to us. We may as well go back to Adar. Glorfindel, after all, is not coming back until he finds Naneth.' 'But Elladan, we have come this far, and now neither of us have horses. Besides, it might help put as back in Adar's good graces if we returned with Naneth,' he finished, making an attempt at humour. 'Besides, it was you who wanted us to find her so badly when we found out. It would not make sense for you to want to give up so soon.' 'Soon? Elrohir, it has been nearly a week. Most likely Glorfindel has already found her and is on his way back to Imladris with her.' 'He has not found her. We would have felt it, Elladan. You know we would have. Now stop making excuses and let us continue on. They are getting closer.' Elladan sighed in resignation. 'Alright then. At least this part will slow them down. Surely they will not be so foolhardy as to attempt to bring their horses along here, as we did.' 'And we can always refuse to go with them. We are, after all, higher in rank than they are.' Elrohir stood up, dusting off the snow from his tunic. 'Yes, we are, but Adar is higher than we are, and he obviously sent them out to find us and bring us back tied in sacks if necessary, I expect.' And so the two went on, running now, walking then. The snow was not deep for the wall of rock to the right of them overhung the path, keeping most of the snow from landing on the path. It was nearing the supper hour when the desperate twins began to tire, yet one thought drove them on through the deepening dusk: Caradhras drew ever closer, looming up in the distance. TBC... ELVISH TRANSLATIONS Mellon nin - my friend Muindor nin - my brother Neleth - steady Noro lim, mellon nin, noro lim! - run swift, my friend, run swift!