would she wish for? A giant billboard? Lots of money? Sacred marriage? She glanced at Aragorn. She could wish for him to stop tugging on the rope. The piñata coughed. "Ahem." "Oh. Right." She took a deep breath, hoping she had made the right choice. "I wish for…the One Ring!" "Done." The Ring landed in her hand. She admired it. "It's the One Ring to Rule Them All. It's my own. My precious." The piñata hurried away. "Quick, before the author uses me for something stupid! Though, he kind of already has…" Arwen slipped the Ring on and disappeared. "Ha hah ha hah ha hah ha! I have the One Ring! I claim its power! I am the ruler of Middle-Earth!" Gollum leapt at her. "No! The precious is mine!" The two tussled on the ground. Aragorn continued to tug on the rope, now whistling a slightly Western melody with a mix of Christmas-y sounds. Gollum somehow stole the Ring and put it on. Arwen bit his finger off, claiming the Ring for her own. Gollum stumbled off the edge of the cliff. Arwen held up the Ring. "I now rule all!" Just when it seemed all had turned to darkness, Pandalf the Pink dashed towards Arwen. He rammed into her, knocking the Ring from her grasp. A clone of Pippin jumped to the piano and started to play triumphant music. Aragorn joined with his whistling, and the two produced a beautiful medley of instrument and voice. Arwen fell to her knees. "No! I could have rulled the world! NOOOOOOO!" The grammar police came and arrested Arwen for misspelling 'ruled.' Odd, since they're the grammar police, you think they wouldn't arrest people for spelling mistakes. Definitely odd, and curious at that. Pandalf vanished into thin air. Pippin's clone took a swan dive off the cliff edge. Soon only Aragorn remained, tugging on the rope. "I must tug on the rope. I must." Dr. Phil walked up to Aragorn. "Aragorn, I think you have a problem in your life." The same sniper who shot Locke targeted Dr. Phil and fired. However, Dr. Phil had Matrix-like skills, so he dodged the sniper's bullet. "Looks like I have a person to defeat." Dr. Phil sprouted a cape and flew away. "Oprah, here I come!" A penguin waddled up. The Arctic bird went to the piano and started to play a version of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow." This caused a mass of people to crowd around, admiring the penguin's remarkable skill, made even more remarkable because the penguin had no fingers. This beautiful music drew Merry and Pippin, who were carrying loads of mushrooms. Merry smiled at his friend. "See, Pip, I told you we found a shortcut to mushrooms." Pippin furrowed his brow. "Actually, we landed next to a Kroger's and bought all of those mushrooms there." "Whatever. We all got mushrooms in the end, didn't we?" Merry whipped out a frying pan, vegetable oil, and a lighter. "Good thing I always carry this lighter around for my Longbottom Leaf." Pippin shook his head. "You smoke to much, Merry." "Whatever. Just because I'm this drug addict on Lost doesn't give you an excuse to rip my pipe habits." He lit a small stack of kindling. "Soon, my mushrooms, soon I will have you. Once you are cooked in this fire." The cooking mushrooms produced a wondrous smell. This beautiful aroma even affected Aragorn, who broke away from his dream-like state and realized where he was. He stared down at the rope in his hands. He chuckled. "Now what's that doing there?" Suddenly he saw some people watching the Return of the King Extended Edition on a huge plasma TV. He snapped his fingers. "Hey, I just remembered. I have to go become the King of Gondor and kill tons of Orcs." He drew his really, really long sword. "To Minas Tirith! To the White City!" He charged off into the sunset. This was very weird because it was noon and the sun was high in the sky. Ah well. I guess Aragorn is just very, very talented. And so ended the saga of Aragorn tugging on the rope. But just as the lights were about to dim, and Merry and Pippin were about to devour their feast of 'shrooms, the penguin ripped off its disguise to reveal…a cloaked figure! The crowd gasped. The cloaked figure chuckled. "I've been waiting forever for this moment! It's time for you to die, Aragorn!" He looked around. "Wait! Where did he go?" Pippin spoke through a mouthful of mushroom. "He... glop glop glop …left." "Oh butterscotch!" The cloaked figure disappeared, but not before leaving a warning. "I'll get you some day, Aragorn! Some day! Some day!" Aragorn popped up. "Some day you'll what, huh?" The cloaked figure froze, not expecting the future King of Gondor to challenge him. "Well, I…I…I have to kill you!" "Why?" "Because! It is my destiny!" Then a giant portal appeared and sucked the cloaked figure away. He screamed as he left. "No! I am The End! I must kill off at least one character! I must talk to the author!" Everyone stared at the spectacle as the cloaked figure disappeared. Actually, only Aragorn was watching. Everybody else was staring at Merry and Pippin devouring mushrooms or watching the Return of the King Extended Edition, because they, like the author, think it's way better than the original theatrical film. Aragorn gazed at the peace and serenity of the nameless civilians. "I only wish that I could join them. Sadly, I must go and talk in a really low inside voice and stab Orcs and lead the Fellowship and then resist the Ring and then become the King of Gondor, fight Sauron, and win in a really cool duel. Too bad they cut that last part out of Return of the King. It would have been so cool." With that, he ran off, ready to fulfill his destiny. THE END… Well, for now, anyway