I cannot stand to think of his being left behind; it would be a knife right to my heart, Uncle, if such were the case." "But it is not, and so much the better, lad, or else you should not have the heart to talk further with me, if you will forgive the expression," Bilbo replied. "It is him that I have to thank for everything, you know," Frodo effused. "Everything that came after your…your leaving. He was there for me always, Bilbo. A smile from him could drive out the most stubborn of shadows. He spoke words of hope when I was unsure. He held me still when my spirits trembled. He gave life meaning when I thought that the cup of promise had been drained to the last dregs. And although we had our difficulties, we always surmounted them in the end. We have been together ever since." "Good, good, then all that I could have hoped for has come true," Bilbo smiled. "I could not have left you in better hands." "Yes, that's so. But though I have spent many grand and happy days with Sam in the Blessed Realm, I have never in all that time failed to remember you, Uncle; not though the skies should open up and wash away all fear and doubt with heavenly rain. So I have lived these last years: without worry for what may come, but rather, with growing anticipation to meet the fate that has been ordained for me. I do not know how my years number precisely, but I know that they have been many. Perhaps I am even nearing the age that you reached when you were last with me. I can feel them accumulating, Bilbo. I can feel the days tallying up so that I wonder if there will be room to make another mark. I think that Sam feels them even more keenly, if that is possible. He was over one hundred years old when he finally set sail, you know, and he begins to show his age. Not that I don't show it myself, though I suppose you cannot tell by my present looks. But I have lived much longer in the West and have had other assistance besides. I suppose what I am trying to say is that I understand now better than ever how you must have felt in your waning days. Perhaps that is why I am here now." The two hobbits studied the skyline in thoughtful silence. Frodo tried with all of his might to conjure up some memory of where he had been last before he had strayed into this peculiar land, but could not fix upon a single concrete detail. Just as he inwardly wished to himself for some means of clearing his head, Bilbo amazingly produced not one but two pipes from an inner jacket pocket and offered one to his nephew with a flourish. "Now I know I must be dreaming!" Frodo proclaimed. "Surely this couldn't be…" "Aye, Old Toby as sure as I am sitting here with you," Bilbo finished, setting a match to the bowl of his pipe and handing it off to Frodo. "My word, I have not seen a trace of pipe-weed since I was in the Shire," said Frodo, mystified. "True, the Elves were never very keen on smoking, were they? Well, luckily, your uncle has his resources," Bilbo said with a wink. "I have always been of the mind that smoking, when done properly, is an art form in itself, wouldn't you agree?" he asked whimsically, blowing a triple stack of smoke rings in demonstration of his artistry. "Heartily!" Frodo corroborated, taking a pull from his pipe with relish. "If anyone had told me that I should be sitting outdoors with you, sharing a smoke and swapping tales, I should have said that they were stark raving mad." "Why, Frodo, you say that as though it were an insult; for do not forget that you are in the company of none other than Mad Baggins himself," Bilbo returned. "So I recall," said Frodo. "You certainly gained quite the reputation in Hobbiton after that stunt under the Party Tree. Well, I hope you have forgiven our fellow hobbits for such silly designations." "What is there to forgive? I have embraced the title wholeheartedly! For it seems to me that we mad folk have a good deal more sense than those who count themselves sane." "Well, Bilbo, if you are the standard-bearer for madness then I hope that I shall never be sane again!" "Spoken like a true Baggins!" Bilbo enthused. "Ah, Frodo, I have missed you more than I can say. Really and truly. But I am afraid that I will have to leave you again soon." "Leave me? But where are you going, Uncle?" "Now, don't be afraid. This meeting may not be our last. But it's time now you went back to where you belong." "But we have only just met! And there is so much that I have not learned from you. There is so much still for us to discuss." "And perhaps we shall have that chance; but see now, the Sun is setting and the day is ending. And when the Sun has disappeared from the sky, so too must I take my leave." "When will I see you again, Bilbo?" "Soon enough, Frodo. Soon enough. Now, what say we enjoy the last of Old Toby while the light still remains, hm?" Frodo sat staring into the glowing mouth of the pipe as the embers mimicked the extinguishing fire of the receding Sun. The shade of dusk drew up to his knees and was working its way steadily upward as the light dimmed to a burnt umber. The Sun went from honeydew full to eyelet small and would soon be overwhelmed entirely and lost to sight. "Bilbo?" said Frodo impulsively, but when he turned to him there was no sign that anyone had ever been there.