tear drop on a silver mithril chain. It was a gift that Lorarwin had placed around Aragorn's neck while he slept last night, a gift from Lorarwin's real mother. Lady Galadriel had a new chain made when the leather strap that it originally had broke. Legolas's eyes drifted to Lorarwin before turning to the ground. Sealing his resolve Legolas stood and the three of them rushed to the cliff's edge where Théoden stood, looking down into the river below. Nothing was there but the rushing water. Théoden turned to one of his soldiers; "get the wounded on horses, the wolves of Isengard will return," Théoden sheathed his sword. "Leave the dead." Legolas looked at Théoden, his eyes filled with confusion, pain and a little betrayal. Théoden placed a hand on Legolas's shoulder, "come." With that the King walked off wit one last look at the river below. Gimli and Legolas continued to stare at the river below them. Reaching over Lorarwin took hold of Legolas's arm. Seeing the tears in his 'little sister's' eyes Legolas wrapped the arm with his bow around her shoulders and let her cry into his chest. He looked down at the necklace he held. The ride to Helms deep was quiet and filled with tears for Lorarwin. The horse that she and Aragorn had shared was missing so she took up a place behind one of the soldiers of Rohan; allowing Gimli to continue is place behind Legolas. Her tears were gone by the time they rode through the gates of Helms deep and she had wiped away the tear tracks left on her bloodied face. "So few, so few of you have returned." Eowyn voice flew through Lorarwin as though it were the wind. It hurt to hear those words. Another soldier placed a hand on Lorarwin's arm and she looked down, this was Reothen (decided that the guard needed a name *smiles*), the Rohan guard that had told Aragorn that she should be brought inside during the storm. "Mi'lady, come, we must get you inside." Reothen helped Lorarwin down from the horse she was on so the other soldier could dismount as well. Legolas quickly went to Lorarwin's side when he saw that her legs could not keep her standing. "I'll take her," Legolas told Reothen. "Come now Lorarwin, hold on." Legolas lifted the young woman into his arms and walked up the stairs. She heard Gimli report about Aragorn's fall to Eowyn and it caused Lorarwin's tears to start again. 'it hurts to hear that from someone other than a dying orc.' "Shh, it's going to be alright." Legolas whispered as they entered Helms deep's large hall. Legolas stood in front of the doors leading to the hall after leaving Lorarwin within. She was in shock and no one could get through to her. Théoden was tending to her wounds and trying to console the woman into eating. When Legolas saw Aragorn walking towards him he didn't waver and stood before the man, stopping him from moving any farther. " You ' re late, " Legolas looked the man over, "you look terrible." Both men laughed lightly as they clasped an arm onto the other's shoulder. Legolas reached down and placed Lorarwin's necklace into Aragorn's palm. Aragorn looked at the elf and they shared a smile. " Thank you, " moving to the side Aragorn entered the hall, the necklace resting on his proper place around his neck. Lorarwin didn't look up at the doors opening. She didn't even notice Aragorn glance over at her, nor did she hear the talk that followed. Bits and pieces about orcs and Isengard reached her brain but not who spoke those words. Still in shock she could do nothing but stare that the table before her. When the doors opened and closed once again to signal that Théoden had left with his guards Legolas walked over to her and placed a hand on her shoulder. " Come my sister. Look around you. " Looking up at Legolas she caught his smile and turned her head slowly to the left. Standing there staring at her was Aragorn, her King, her comrade, her friend, and her lover, " go to him. " Legolas whispered into her ear. Standing on shaking limbs Lorarwin walked forward. Legolas calmly walked to Gimli and took his shoulder in hand, leading him out of the room and standing guard outside. "What's going on with those two?" Gimli asked, still not knowing what anyone but Legolas, Lorarwin and Aragorn knew. "Something that will be explained after we win this battle. But first, leave them to themselves. After all, it is not every day that the dead come back to their loved ones." Legolas looked at the door and smiled before facing forward again. Inside Lorarwin carefully walked over to Aragorn and timidly touched his stubbly cheek. "Are you real?" " As real as can be, " Aragorn lifted a now crying Lorarwin into his arms and kissed her thoroughly. Pulling back Aragorn flinched as Lorarwin punch him hard in the gut. "You insufferable man! You go and get yourself thrown off a cliff and that's all that you can say when you show up here alive?" Lorarwin turned on the spot and walked out of the door, Aragorn followed after with a smile on his face. "Legolas, care to explain what is going on while we prepare for battle? If I'm around Aragorn right now I may just kill him." Laughing Legolas nodded and glanced back at Aragorn who waved him off. Everything would be fine again once this battle was over and Lorarwin had vented her anger out on a few hundred Uruk-Hai. After this battle, Aragorn would make sure to thoroughly make sure that every inch of her was unharmed. Of course Lorarwin was thinking along the same lines as her lover, but for now she was back to her old self and ready for a night filled with orc screams.