began to argue when Legolas cut him off. "NO!" he said firmly, scaring the child at first but sighed and ran a hand through his hair, a defeated, and sad look on his face "I am sorry but, no. Just… let it be." 7. Always Look on the Bright Side of Life - Eric Idle "Always look on the bright side of life..." "Well, it could be worse" Legolas said from his place on the wall looking out at the orc army that marched towards them. Gimli glowered up at the elf, "oh and how could this be worse?" Drawing an amused chuckle from Aragorn. "Well it could be raining," as soon as the words left Legolas's mouth thunder cracked and rain began pouring down. Gimli glared daggers at the elf, as Aragorn tried to cover his snort of laughter with a weak cough. Legolas shrugged and managed a meek smile, "well, at least-" "NOT ANOTHER WORD FROM YOU, YOU BLASTED ELF!" 8. Not Ready to Make Nice- Dixie Chicks "It's a sad, sad, story when a mother will teach her daughter that she outta hate a perfect stranger…" "I do not think we were right, but I do not think your people are either." Legolas said softly as he gazed up at the stars. Aragorn sighed from a few paces away, long used to Legolas starting a conversation half way through it already. Gimli snorted and took a drag from his pipe, "bloody elf, stop starting a conversation already half way through, I never know what you're going on about!" The elf continued to stare at the stars for a while before answering, "our people's teachings of each other's races." Aragorn's eyebrows rose in surprise, this was the first time Legolas had initiated a conversation about the hatred between the dwarves and elves. 'This should be interesting,' he thought. Gimli spluttered softly, choking on the smoke from his pipe in surprise. "You hit your head elf? What's going on in that pointy-eared head of yours?" Legolas contemplated the stars before turning to face the dwarf. "I do not think the stories we hear about each other are true. Yes there are evil dwarves and yes there are evil elves, but that should not darken the whole view of the people themselves. I do not understand it anymore, I believe it is wrong that we are taught to hate." Gimli sat back, quite stunned at the elf's reasoning, never had he thought a pointy-eared princeling would ever say such things, but then again he had never travelled with or befriended an elf before, and this elf had defied all the things that his fellow dwarves said. He stroked his beard, thinking in silence for a bit. "Aye laddie, tis a sad story, that it's come to that." 9. Baby Mine – Alison Krauss "…rest your head close to my heart never to part…" The sound of small footsteps alerted Thranduil that he was not alone. Throwing back one side of the blankets in a silent invitation, he wrapped his arms around the small body that crawled in next to him. "Tithen pen, what are you doing up, can you not sleep?" the king asked stroking his sons hair. "Ada, I miss naneth..." Legolas replied in a tearful voice, his tiny shoulders shaking. The kings eyes softened and he sighed sitting up. "I miss her too, Legolas." he murmured scooting back to sit against the headboard as he pulled his son onto his lap. "Ssh lasse , it will be alright." He cooed softly stroking his sons back as the child cried into his chest. An hour later the king was still sitting at the head of his bed, Legolas finally sleeping peacefully against his father's chest, the kings heart beat assuring the small prince he wasn't alone. The kings tightened his hold on his child, praying to every god he could think of. 'Please, please don't let him fade!' 10. Goodnight - Evanescence "And when we say goodnight, dry your eyes, because we said goodnight and not, goodbye." "Legolas, we knew this day would come." Elessar said softly raising and old gnarled hand to stroke his dear friend's unchanging face. Legolas nodded tears already spilling down his cheeks, "I never thought it would be so soon." He murmured placing his hand over the kings. Elessar laughed softly, "so soon? Legolas I have ruled for over one hundred and twenty years, I am an old man now, melon nin." his mirth sobered as he looked at the elf. "For me it has been a very long time, but for you it must have felt like a blink of an eye. I am sorry my friend that you should see this." Legolas scoffed at his friend's apology and gave his beloved friend a wane smile, "my oath to you, was to remain by your side till the day you no longer walked middle earth. And yes, it seems that just not long ago you and your wife were finally wedded, and it feels as if your children are still just babes. But these memories gwador nin, will keep me company as I sail to the west." He said softly wiping at his tears in vain. The old king smiled, "Now, now. No more tears melon nin, come, sing me to sleep, like you used to when I was small." Elessar settled back against his pillows with Legolas's help, his breath already weakening. "Of course, gwador nin." The elf said softly. Before singing an old lullaby he had heard many years ago. Goodnight, sleep tight, no more tears, in the morning I'll be here, and when we say good night, dry your eyes, because, we said good night, and not goodbye. We said goodnight, and not, goodbye ... Legolas sighed softly as his song came to a close gazing at his friend, tears trickling freely down his face. Reaching out and closing the unseeing grey eyes, he kissed his gwador's forehead, "Goodnight Estel..."