safe.'' ''Why? Since when have you shown me any kindness- or concern? Worry? Love? You two have been off doing- Gandalf knows what, and left me here alone! Why in the Shire would I have to leave when we have not spoken to one another in years?'' ''Sam doesn't talk with you anymore-'' ''But Rosie does. He sends me news through Rosie. Sometimes, I do see him. Frodo, I see almost every day. You two have not been a part of my life since the day Faramir was born! You declared him my godson, what have you done to make it so? He does not even know me!'' Merry slammed his fist on the table. For a moment, I was afraid. Something came to life in Merry's eyes... something old- and frightening. ''I am sorry, Merry. I wanted to see you, I just... I was so busy. I missed you. Every day, I missed you. Please, forgive us.'' Jaessa pleaded. Merry looked away. ''Why?'' He hissed through gritted teeth. ''Because I love you, Meriadoc Brandybuck. You took care of me when I was new and frightened. I never would have stayed if it hadn't been for you. Faramir might not have been born if not for you. I need you to forgive us because if you stay behind, so will I. As will Pippin. We will all die together when this assasin finds us and throttles us in our sleep. Either you go with us- or no one goes.'' Jaessa squeezed Merry's hand tight. His eyes closed and he leaned back in his chair. ''What about me?'' I frowned, not understanding the slightest bit of what was going on. ''Nellyra, look after this old place for me, will you? If I come back and your father has you in his possesion, I will hunt him down and kill him. He will never touch you again, do you understand me? I will be back as soon as I can.'' Merry sighed, letting go of Jaessa's hand and going to get packed. ''I can't stay here! Not by myself!'' I went after him. ''Listen, Nellyra, I wish that you could come, but I do not want to put you in these battles any more then I wanted Jaessa to be involved in them. I will not risk your life. God bless it, where is my dagger?'' He growled, taking his outfit from the wardrobe. ''I-'' ''I cannot take you with us and that is final!'' He snapped. I was going to tell you I have your damn dagger, but maybe I'll keep it now. I watched in silence as Merry walked away, mumbling to himself. ''Good luck.'' I told him, just as the three were about to head out the door. ''I'm going to need it. I will see you soon enough. Please look after yourself.'' Merry whispered, pressing a kiss into my forehead. It was strange, considering that Frodo and I were much closer then Merry and I. This was a new feeling. They left and I was missing him already. Not particularly Merry himself- but the feeling of not being alone. Sighing, I went to find the dagger. I would run after him and give it to him anyhow. Then, something happened I did not expect. I felt my head was going to explode as I fell to the ground. Scenes were rushing through my mind and I realized what I was seeing with my eyes was all distorted and wrong. A scene popped up- a beautiful, young woman. Her hair was long, red and curly. Everything about this woman-down to the way she dressed- was incredibly graceful and delicate. That is, except for her eyes. They were an ice blue abyss... I felt like I was falling each and every time I looked through them. She had Merry in her arms, struggling fiercly. Suddenly, this beautiful woman melted away to reveal a horrible creature- pale blue skin, glowing red eyes and long silvery hair. Instead of the white skirt and shirt that was cut just below her breats, she was now wearing a black and red lace dress. Her teeth elongated into sick, pointed fangs and before I could say or do something, her teeth wer heading straight for Merry's exposed neck. Out of nowhere, a knife came flying down. It hit the creature's arm, giving her a deep gash and causing her to release Merry. Looking closer, I noticed the knife... was Merry's dagger. I broke out of the vision and instantly knew what I had to do all too well. I believed whole-heartedly that when I had a premonition, it meant I was destined to do something. I was destined to save Merry... no matter the consequences. As fast as I could, I snatched a map out of Merry's bedside table and I took the dagger from underneath his pillow. I knew I couldn't continue to wear a dress, and Merry had taken his battle armor with him. It was then I decided I would disguise myself. Without being too slow, I dug into Merry's dresser drawers to find his usual yellow waist coat, with the green jacket and brown trousers. I quickly stripped out of my dress (save for the binding over my chest) and put on Merry's clothes. They were big on me, so no one could see my breasts through the baggy material and the binding underneath. Smirking, I pinned my hair up with pins I kept stuck in the sides of my dress in case I want to pull my hair up. The pins were dark enough that they would not be noticed in such dark hair. No, I did not look like Merry, but I also did not look like Nellyra either. Proud of myself, I buckled the dagger around my waist and folded the map up before dropping it in the jacket pocket. Then, I headed out into the warm morning air, hoping to save Merry before it was too late.