on him, again. This time, luckily, on his apron. Elrond, pretty clever, then told the prince, "He would skip this one." The prince sulked for a while, but then shrugged it off and continued serving other elves. After Legolas's table, they ended up skipping Elladan's disastrous table and they went straight towards his twin's table. Elrohir greeted them cheerfully, "Mae govannen, Adar! Welcome to my table. I will be serving you my delicious walnut lembas, home baked." Elrond nodded in approval, then exclaimed, "Aha! So that is were you choked on!". To say that Elrohir was embarrassed was an understatement. "I..." He stuttered, but decided to just shut it. He continued searching for the perfect piece of lembas and when he found it, but it on a plate and shoved it into his father's direction. "I present you my lembas, ada." He mumbled, before distracting himself by serving another elf. Lord Elrond did have a taste of this product and, after tasting the lembas, smiled satisfied and said, "This is delicious, ion nin! Well done." Elrohir blushed and then continued selling lembas. Estel was about to show his father Haldir's table when Lord Glorfindel dared to take a spoon of Haldir's spoon. Everyone who had seen what happened before tried to talk him out of him, but Glorfindel was stubborn, arguing, "That this elf challenged my own warrior's stew! I need to out rule that." While this all occurred, Lord Elrond warily eyed his good friend and his son who was frantically searching for aid from Legolas, Elladan and Elrohir, but all three seemed frozen and wide-eyed. "What is happening, ion nin?" Elrond asked, but his son did not answer because that moment, Glorfindel had a taste. It seemed like time had frozen. Glorfindel filled the spoon with stew, then lifted up to his lips, opened his mouth, pushed the spoon in, spilled the continents of the spoon into his mouth, tasted the ingredients and swallowed, then... licked his lips? All elves were gobsmacked. Then, he opened his mouth and said, "In the name of the Valar, this is delicious!" Estel was about the cry in confusion. "Delicious? Glor, what happened to you?" He cried out, mouth wide open in shock. When Elrond looked around, he saw most of the elves do the same. "Can someone explain what occurred earlier?" He requested, but everyone was too shocked to answer. He was about to ask again, when Glorfindel interrupted by saying to Haldir, "Fair is fair. You have won. Your stew is better than mine." Haldir smiled brightly in triumph, fist in the air. "I knew it!" He yelled, teeth showing. "You don't have to rub it in," Glorfindel mumbled, then added, "Annoying Lothlórien elf." Haldir, however, did not reply, after living with his younger brothers for so long. "I do not get it?" Elrond said out loud, looking at his foster son, who simply told him, "Haldir's stew made an elf faint." Elrond blinked. The cooking charity continued the rest of the day. During the day, Erestor himself opened up a table, selling his home made teas and so did Glorfindel, but he sold his very own stew, trying to save his dignity. Elrond, who was in the middle of the Haldir versus Glorfindel battle, decided that all elves could try each stew and then had to vote for the best one. Several elves fainted or threw up. Later on, after being challenged by either Haldir or Glorfindel, Estel, Legolas, Elladan, Elrohir and even Erestor added their own travel stew to their menus. In the end, Estel won with his "for the race of men's stew", with as runner-up Legolas. The twins' stew wasn't... all too bad. Erestor's stew was a bit too much of a mix between stew and tea and well, Haldir and Glorfindel both didn't make it far into the competition. Haldir was second last and Glorfindel got the last place. At the end of the day, the elves closed off the cooking charity event with satisfied smiles. Even Erestor seemed to... smile in his own way. Elrond had received the honor to count all the money and after a good hour of counting, declared the event, "very successful". Everyone was glad to hear that. "A toast for Estel Elrondion, the boy who organized all of this, who made us all gather here together!" Proposed Glorfindel, who was glowing from happiness (and from being an elf). All elfs replied cheerfully to the proposed toast and all yelled together at one, "To Estel!". Elrond was very proud of his human foster son. It did not matter if he wasn't fully his or human, it mattered that they loved each other. "Estel would do great things in the future," He later on told his friends Glorfindel and Erestor. "Today, these past days, just have been an example of the future. A little snippet of what he will bring in the future. I am proud to foster him, here in Imladris." He finished, to where Erestor and Glorfindel applauded to. "I have all faith into this, mellon nin. He already started his legacy. And we are fortunate to already witness it." Glorfindel answered, smiling. Erestor then confessed, "I am glad I witnessed it. He's a special boy." All three elves smiled. "He is." Elrond whispered softly, proud. "My foster son." Author's Note Please review and favorite, it would mean a lot to me. I apologize for the lateness of this story; For several months, I barely had any time on my hands. I hope you enjoy this. I apologize for any mistakes I made, it's time for me to find a beta. I tried to find and correct as many errors possible, but I cannot guarantee that they are all gone. Please bear with me. Love, The writer. Translations (in random order) Mellon nin = My friend Mae Govannen = Well met Muindor nin = My brother Ion nin = My son Ellon = Male elf Elleth = Female elf