over it and -" "When?" Pippin asked, his voice now cracking not from hormones but from his unshed tears. He sat down heavily on the bed, gently setting his violin and bow down. "I don't think I can do this for much longer, Vinca." His sister came and sat down next to her brother, putting her arms comfortingly around his shoulders. "You'll be fine, Pippin. I promise. You'll get through this." "How?" he asked as a single tear escaped and ran down his cheek. "I'm beyond miserable, Vinca," he choked out. "I have to see him EVERY DAY at school, yet I can't even acknowledge that he's there for fear it'll get back to mom and dad and they'll do something worse." He gave a shuddering sigh. "Though at this point I can't even IMAGINE what could be worse." "I know, Pippin," Vinca said soothingly, pulling him closer and tenderly patting his shoulder. "I know." "It was a mistake, Vinca. A MISTAKE! It was one lousy Butterfinger and a couple of car air fresheners. And it was TWO MONTHS AGO! So why am I still being punished? WHY?" Vinca sighed. "Because mom and dad want you to learn your lesson, Pip. And they think it'll be good for you to make other friends." "But I don't WANT other friends - I want Merry!" Pippin said, the tears now streaming down his face. "And he's not a bad influence, if that's what mom and dad think. It wasn't his fault. I mean, he doesn't even LIKE Butterfingers!" Such a statement coming out of her hysterical brother caught Vinca as funny and she quietly shook with laughter. "And he doesn't own a car, either," she teased. Amazingly, this calmed Pippin somewhat and he swallowed hard, smiling through his tears. "We wanted our bikes to smell good," Pippin said lightly, smiling at his sister, and she laughed outloud, hugging her brother tightly. "See?" she said, smiling at him. She let go of his shoulder and leaned back so that she could look him in the face. "I told you you're gonna be fine. All right?" Pippin nodded, smiling and brushing the tears from his face, although his breathing still came in short gasps. "Pervinca," Eglantine called out. "Pippin, have you seen...?" She stopped as she poked her head inside the door and saw her daughter. "Oh there you are, Vinca. I wanted you to help me set the table for dinner." "Okay, mom," Vinca said, standing up. But Eglantine was now staring at her two children suspiciously. "What are you two up to in here?" she asked. She stared at Pippin, who still had some tears clinging to cheeks, and Pippin did his best to hide his face. "We were just discussing Pippin's violin playing," Vinca said smoothly, standing up. "Isn't he getting wonderful?" "Oh, he is!" Eglantine said, smiling proudly at his son. "I can't wait to hear your next concert, dear." Pippin smiled, even though he knew that moms were REQUIRED to say such things. Eglantine looked at Pippin again, studying his face for a moment in silence, before Vinca interrupted, "Shouldn't we be getting dinner, mom?" "Oh yes, dinner," Eglantine said as if suddenly remembering. "Pippin, dear, we'll let you get back to your practicing - dinner should be ready in about ten minutes," she said as she led Pervinca out of the room. But for some reason Pippin didn't feel like playing anymore. ... Dinner was good, and supper was excellent. For dessert, the family sat around in front of the TV eating some of Eglantine's cookies. She had made a triple batch, yet they were still gone in a manner of minutes. "Nel isn't gonna be happy when she gets home," Vinca said as Pippin stuffed the last cookie in his mouth. "Oh, don't worry," Eglantine said. "I saved her some." Vinca and Pip smiled and shared a look, and their mother recognized the evil glint in their eyes. "Don't even THINK about it." "We weren't thinking," Pippin said innocently. "You're NEVER thinking," Vinca teased, and Pippin playfully hit her with a pillow. "No violence," Paladin mock-scolded, ducking out of the way as Vinca picked up a pillow to defend herself. "No violence?" Pervinca repeated, laughing. "Then what d'you call THAT?" she asked, pointing to the TV screen where the rugby players were mid-tackle. Paladin laughed. ".I. call it a bad play," he said, causing everyone to laugh. ... When the rugby match was over, Pippin went into his room to get ready for bed. He'd been enjoying just being with his family all evening - he'd been so distracted that he'd momentarily forgotten. But now that he was alone again, the weight of his loneliness descended on him so that it was almost too much to bear. After brushing his teeth and kissing his parents goodnight, he crawled into bed, hoping that sleep would come quickly. But, just like the many nights before, the tears started to flow as soon as he turned off his light. He missed Merry, and there was nothing that could fill the emptiness that filled his chest. Pippin wondered how much longer he could do this before his heart broke completely in two. But suddenly he remembered - his parents may have taken Merry from him, but they hadn't taken everything. Afraid to turn the light on, Pippin crept out of bed and felt his way across his darkened room to the bureau. He fumbled about the knobs until he felt the cording in his hand, grasping it tightly as if it were a lifeline. Once back in bed, Pippin ran his fingers over and over the pendant, repeatedly tracing the raised "M" with his thumb. It wasn't Merry, but it was the closest thing he'd had to his friend in two months, and he wondered why he hadn't noticed it hanging there before. But he clung to it now, silently letting the tears flow, until he finally fell asleep. THE END