Eta Pi will be great. You'll see. By the end of this week I bet you'll be begging to join." "I'm sure," Merry rolled his eyes. "Well, for now, I'm begging you to finish putting your stuff away so we can move the furniture around." "About the furniture, Merry. I was thinking that we could loft both the beds, and push them together." Pippin held his hands out, palms down, and put them together to demonstrate. "See, like this. And then, there wouldn't be the pesky 'do we make up one bed just for show' issue, because we would be using both beds. You're happy, I'm happy, and the RAs are none the wiser." He leaned in to kiss Merry lightly. "Mmmm. I like the way you think, Peregrin Took," Merry grinned, wrapping his arms around Pippin's waist to pull him back for another kiss. Suddenly, he felt Pippin's body tense. "Pip, what's the matter?" "Frodo? Merry, it's Frodo Baggins!" Merry turned quickly to see Frodo Baggins standing in the open doorway of the dorm room. "Hullo, Frodo," he said sheepishly. "What's the meaning of this?" Frodo asked incredulously. Merry's mind raced. He and Pippin had talked about how they wanted to tell their friends, Frodo in particular. They had definitely wanted him to be the first to know - they owed him that. But this was NOT the way they had planned for him to find out. So Merry frantically fought to come up with a rational excuse why he and Pippin had been in a liplock. But Pippin wasn't so bothered about being rational. "I just bought this new lip balm at the bookstore," Pippin said cheerfully, letting go of Merry and heading towards Frodo, "and I can't figure out what it tastes like. What do you think, Frodo?" he asked, leaning in to give him a kiss. Frodo pulled his face away before their lips could touch. "Get away," he said, playfully shoving Pippin back. "What'd you DO to him this summer, Merry - get the poor boy addicted to pipe weed? He's off his rocker." Merry laughed, amazed that the diversion had worked. "No, no pipe weed, though that's a good idea." Pippin shook his head. "No way - smoke is bad for a singer. Now ALE..." The other hobbits both laughed as Frodo shut the door to their room and came the rest of the way inside. "The whole CAMPUS knows your proclivity for ale." Merry nodded. "And the janitorial staff, too," he added, remembering a particularly fun Friday night that had ended in a particularly messy Saturday morning. Pippin shrugged. "But at least it doesn't affect my voice." He grabbed his violin out of its case and started tuning it. "Or my bowing." Frodo nodded and took in the room. His eyes came to rest on the two single beds, and he let out a snigger. "So what's with the two beds? You're not gonna fool anyone with those, you know." Merry smiled. That was why he liked Frodo - despite his deep philosophical angst, he was amazingly perceptive. But Pippin was not. "What do you mean?" he asked, still tuning the strings. "He KNOWS, Pip," Merry said. "About us." Pippin looked confused. "But how?" Frodo shook his head, smiling. "I may be sheltered, but I KNOW what tasting lip balm looks like." "I'm sorry, Frodo," Merry said, feeling chagrined. "We were going to tell you..." "...But you didn't want me finding out this way," Frodo finished for him. He smiled at Merry. "I understand. And I appreciate it. So..." he said, sitting down on one of the beds, "what ARE you going to do with these two beds?" As if to answer, Pippin suddenly began playing. It wasn't the cheery fiddle music that he oft played at parties - instead, it was music that would sooth a wild warg. Merry's breath caught in his throat at the beauty of the piece, and he was reminded of just how much he loved Pippin. Merry slowly sank onto the other bed so he could take it all in. But Frodo was taking it all in as well. "What is THIS?" he asked, standing and yanking on the fraternity scarf, causing Pippin to scratch the bow across the strings discordantly and stop. "Don't tell me you're planning to PLEDGE?" "And what if I am?" Pippin sniffed dismissively. He resumed playing. Merry and Frodo exchanged exasperated glances. "Pip...love," Merry began, nearly shouting to be heard over the music, "what Frodo means to say..." Pippin stopped suddenly. "No, Merry. I know exactly what he was saying. The exact same thing you were saying earlier." He gestured with his bow. "Why do you two have such a problem with me pledging Eta Pi? Can't you just be happy for me? Can't you encourage me?" "Of course we're happy for you, Pippin," Frodo replied, "but those Eta Pi hobbits can be a bit rough around the edges. Sam's elder brother Hamson didn't even last through pledge week last year." "I hear he still has scars from the initiation rites," Merry added. Pippin rolled his eyes. "You know how Hamson exaggerates, Merry. He spent half of last year in the health center. Besides, I've met the president and vice president of Eta Pi, and they're fine, upstanding hobbits. Future leaders of the Shire, and all that." He smiled winsomely. "I've been here before, Frodo," Merry chuckled. "We can't win this argument." "And here I thought Meriadoc Brandybuck was the rising star of MEU's debate team!" Frodo laughed. "Ah, but if Pip were on the team, he'd put me to shame." The way Merry and Pippin were smiling at each other, Frodo suddenly felt very much like a third wheel. He stood up abruptly from the bed and shouldered his messenger bag. "Anyway, lads, I was on my way to the dining hall for supper. Care to join me?" Frodo needn't have asked, for a hobbit never turns down a meal. ...