his sword, nearing. The earth groaned beneath the steps of the approaching creature of darkness. He knew he would die. There was a strange peace in that knowledge. With surprise he realized he could feel that peace even now. Eärendil shone. Glorfindel began to sing softly. It was a melody without words, soft and fresh like the murmur of Gondolin's fountains in a sunny day when the world was younger. It helped him to concentrate his thoughts and reach for memories suppressed so long that they became forgotten. He was in Cirith Thoronath again. The earth groaned – the balrog was nearing. A man stood in his path, his sword drawn. Awaiting. Glorfindel's feet were like frozen to the ground. It was Aragorn who faced the balrog. The creature of shadow lifted its whip and its eyes burned with deadly flame. There was no time for decisions, no hesitation. Glorfindel drew his sword and threw himself between the balrog and Estel. The flame enveloped him. From the corner of his eye he could see Estel looking at him dumbfounded for a while, but then the descendant of Eärendil caught his sight for one last time before he turned and ran, understanding the dear-bought price of sacrifice. Glorfindel fought, ignoring the burning pain. His sword grew red-hot, but he held on to the hilt desperately. When it broke, he fought with his bare hands. The sword fell to the ground with a clattering sound, and slipped on the stones, into the abyss. A pale-green jewel loosened from the pommel, and stayed lying on the path. Glorfindel saw the sword falling. The abyss was deep. Nobody would survive the fall from here.... Determination gave him strength, and he pushed the balrog to the edge of the path. They were falling... falling... falling into a deep chasm, enveloped with flame. He burned. The pain shattered his thoughts. Eagles.... They were so beautiful.... Glorfindel opened his eyes, shivering despite the rays of sun that was just beginning to rise on the sky. The memory in his mind was so real he could almost touch it. He saw the beryl lying on the path, like a sign that the way is safe again. He saw his death. But there was no terror in that memory anymore. Instead, there was peace. It was his place - he has taken it willingly, and would do so again. He took a deep breath and looked down. He found Aragorn's eyes looking into his. They were glazy and clouded by pain, but focused. "Estel..." he whispered in a choked voice. He felt Aragorn's fingers tighten around his almost imperceptibly. "Rivendell...?" "Rivendell is safe. We defeated the Orcs even before they could reach it. Elrond will be here soon...." Aragorn sighed in relief. Glorfindel smiled at him gently. "You did it. You delayed them as long as we needed...." Aragorn looked into his eyes. "You... the balrog..." Glorfindel pressed a finger to his lips. "Do not speak. You are hurting yourself... I just took my place." For a long moment Aragorn searched Glorfindel's eyes, but he saw no shadows anymore. They were bright as they used to be in another days. He nodded in acceptance, and relaxed. But a wave of pain made him clench his teeth again. Cold sweat beaded on his brow. He longed for the pain to pass, for any distraction to guide his thoughts away from it. He looked at Glorfindel pleadingly. "Tell me... about Gondolin..." he whispered. And Glofindel did. He spoke about the white city like a river pearl encircled with mountains. He spoke about the green valley of Tumladen, with trees loaded with white blossoms in spring and the golden corn at the peak of summer. He spoke about the proud towers and silver fountains and about Turgon and his family. He spoke about little Eärendil and smiled with the memory of the lively boy. He realized he could can speak about the Hidden city and remember it as it was before its fall, without the deep sadness of loss. The memories were clean again, not stained with fire and blood and the shadow of treachery anymore. Aragorn listened, and Glorfindel's words carried him like a silver river, away from the pain. He could see the sun reflecting in the surface of the fountains and hear the humming of bees in the orchards in his mind. Meanwhile the sun rose on the sky. It was summer.... Glorfindel quietened as he heard a rhythmic sound on the path. Soon a horse and rider appeared behind the curve. Elrond.... Glorfindel sighed with relief. The Half-Elf's worried eyes met his, and Glorfindel nodded slightly. Estel will live. He knew it. Elrond seemed to find strength in his confidence. He began preparing everything immediately, and the place burst into activity. The herbs and potions, the bandages, needles and strange instruments. Glorfindel did not bother to follow it. It seemed as if he was in another place again. They both were there: While Elrond worked, Glorfindel walked with Aragorn through the streets of Gondolin, and showed him the most interesting sights like a thoughtful guide. Aragorn slept after the potion Elrond has given him. The Elves constructed a stretcher, and after Elrond examined Aragorn once again, he proclaimed that he could be moved without danger now. They walked slowly and carefully, taking turns on one side of the stretcher, while Glorfindel stubbornly occupied the other side, not allowing anyone to relieve him. The sun neared the horizon already, when they reached Rivendell. The big bonfire was cold, the half-burned poles showing evidence of a hasty extinction, and piles of food lay abandoned on the tables still. When they were passing the place of the interrupted feast, Aragorn opened his eyes. Glorfindel's face lit up when he saw him awake. "Next time we will send someone else to patrol, and enjoy the celebration, what do you think?" he winked at Aragorn. Aragorn's lips twitched in a smile. "Next time...."