Elrohir's sudden movement and the pain of the dagger as it grazed her hindquarters negated the effect of all Elrohir's soft words. Súldae reared and kicked, catching Elrohir's shoulder with the edge of her hoof, spinning him around and throwing him into the semicircle of men surrounding him. Even as he fell, Elrohir managed to bring his sword up so that he slashed open the chest of the man directly in front of him. Using his momentum to roll to his feet, the elf drew his boot dagger as he rose. Now carrying two blades, Elrohir did not wait for the others to recover from the shock of having him appear suddenly in their midst. He slashed the throat of a startled bandit and swung his sword in a wide arc, forcing two others to jump back. In the split second lull, Elrohir glanced at his horse, She was screaming now, rearing and bucking, starting to run, but then glancing back at him. Elrohir felt a rush of gratitude. His loyal horse would not leave him, no matter her fear. But Súldae could not help him here. There were six men with broadswords surrounding her now, trying to eliminate the threat she posed. The panicked animal would not long be able to hold them all back. There was only one thing to do. "Súldae! Run! Ride hard to Imladris!" Elrohir shouted, his voice barely heard over the din of battle. The sound of the fair tongue contrasted with the din of battle, the soothing gentleness of the words penetrating the haze of his horse's brain. Obedience and instinct warred with loyalty and love in the gray mare's eyes, but Elrohir would not allow her to stay. If she reached Imladris, without a rider, his father would know something had gone wrong. He would send out a party of warriors and healers, who, while not in time to help with this battle, would be able to seek out any other evils in these woods and—he winced as his bruised shoulder protested against the strain of fighting—could help if he or Elladan was wounded. A situation that, if he was entirely honest with himself, was quite probable. "Go!" he shouted again, and this time Súldae obeyed, crashing through the enemies' ranks and heading towards Imladris. Sighing with relief, Elrohir now turned his full attention to the battle, turning aside a blade with his dagger while slicing through the snarling man's belly with his sword. Súldae would be fine. Elladan would soon reach him, and then the two brothers would get clear of this mess. Focused on the fight, Elrohir did not hear his twin's cry, but he felt Elladan's sudden shock surge through their bond, and turned just in time to see his twin fall backwards into the melee. 000000000000000 I fell off my horse. I can't believe I fell off my horse! Elrohir will never let me live this down. Shock and embarrassment were the only two emotions to run through Elladan's head as he slipped off Laurmaethor's saddle, automatically twisting in the air to land on the balls of his feet. The slap of the ground against his feet and the triumphant cry of the small, thin man who held the hem of his cloak were enough to bring Elladan back to reality just in time to lift his blade and deflect a blow aimed at his head. His adversary looked shocked that his killing stroke had been thwarted, but still had enough presence of mind to jump back with surprising dexterity from Elladan's return blow. However, fast as he may have been, the wiry bandit was still no match for an elf. Elladan simply moved forward with the man, swinging hard and catching the side of the bandit's head with the hilt of his sword while simultaneously avoiding the clumsy swing of another man's club. The small man fell with a cry, and the greasy-haired club bearer joined him a moment later, Elladan's belt-knife embedded between his ribs. The satisfaction this brought, however, was short-lived, as Elladan heard the unmistakable scream of a horse in pain. He whirled around to look for Laurmaethor, and saw the stallion lying on the ground, his leg obviously broken, surrounded by three men, one of which had a sword raised, ready to plunge into the still struggling animal's throat. "NO!" Elladan cried, lunging forward, but already knowing he would be too late. The blade descended, a fountain of blood sprayed into the air, and Elladan descended upon the smug individual like an avenging demon. The smirking bandit scarcely even knew he was in danger before an elvish blade pierced his heart. Yanking his blade free with a grimace, Elladan proceeded to immediately dispatch the remaining two men, who never stood a chance against his fierce onslaught, before daring to look at what he already knew to be true. The golden stallion that had been his friend through many years lay splayed out on the ground, his once brilliant coat dulled with dirt and blood. Around him lay the carcasses of twelve men, not including the three Elladan had just felled, all in various states of bloodiness. You did well, my friend, Elladan thought sadly, laying his hand on the animal's neck before turning his attention back to the living. 000000000000000 Just a few quick notes. In this story, the Twins are 431 years old; they are considered full adults but are still very young. I have made Elrohir such a great rider because of his name, which translates to elven horse-lord. Elladan's name translates to elf-man. Súldae means wind shadow in Sindarian, and Laurmaethor means golden warrior. PLEASE review! If you have something positive to say, great! If you have criticism, I will welcome it as help for improving in the future. If you don't really have anything to say but just want to leave a few lines of craziness, GO FOR IT!!!!! Reviews will be very likely to help me update sooner!