stopped! She answered in a voice, broken with sorrow: "My father... It is because of my father. He knows about us now. It is pure luck that I could leave the house, he had nearly locked me in my room". "I suspected it. He is not the man to negotiate with. It is my fault, my lady – please forgive me!" Perenduin knelt before her, kissing her hands. "It is not you, Perenduin. It is him. We cannot be together – as long as he lives, Lord Arsael will be against it". "Mjuriel, I can't live without you! There should be a way out!" The captain was marching now across the living room - something he was doing when being nervous. "We must leave Gondor! Run away!" She slowly turned away from the fire, looking at Perenduin as if she saw him for the first time. "Flee? Like... outlaws?" "Mjuriel, this is the only way I see now... There is no other". "Do you ask of me to leave everything I have? I love you so much... but I can't imagine being anywhere else than in Gondor. How should we survive?" "Let me take care of this. I may be just a captain, but I do have some gold to support us for a while and good friends in the country to rely on". Mjuriel's heart was breaking into pieces. What should she answer? To leave everything for the one she loved and become a fugitive or stay in Gondor and wait till her father finds somebody "good enough" for her to marry? Somewhere the clocks stroke ten. Mjuriel was listening to the sound till it faded. "Perenduin, I cannot answer you now. I need some time. Such decision is not an easy one..." she did not finish the sentence. Captain sighed. "I wish we did not have to come through such challenges... Mjuriel, my love, I am ready to do everything for you – even if it requires to abandon all and maybe forever! Please remember this". "I will. It is getting late... I have to leave... already". She made a step towards the door but suddenly rushed back to Perenduin. "I love you! Please remember this, too! The moments when we were together will always be precious for me". Tears were in her eyes and great sadness in face, as if she was saying farewell. He wanted so much that she stayed! This, however, would ruin his whole plan... A plan he was so carefully preparing and on which his hopes were laying. And so they parted, with turmoil in their hearts, since they could not know what a new day would bring. * * * Spring, at first promising to be warm and sunny, turned into cold mornings, cloudy days and rainy evenings. However, the wind was changing and days were getting longer. The people of Gondor were looking forward to summer. Tonight. Perenduin looked again at the letter he had received from Mjuriel. A note, better say, since it only contained a couple of sentences – she had made a decision and would like to see him. He could hardly wait till the evening. Many questions were in his mind, all without answers. In order not to get absorbed by the overcoming feeling of helplessness, Perenduin checked again all he had prepared, should it come to a sudden escape. And so the day nearly passed, the hour of meeting was approaching. This time he went to the White Tree. The symbol of Gondor, it was growing on an open space on the top of the city, near the Steward's palace. "At the hour of dusk", her note said. So was it. The sun was setting, hiding behind the mountains. Its last rays were lightening the Tree, making it look auburn. A light breeze was touching its branches, however without leaves. It's been ages, people said, since the Tree was blooming last time. The times of the King... "Good evening, Captain!" A familiar voice brought him back to reality. Mjuriel was standing next to him. Why did not he hear her coming? Did the guards of the Tree not notice anything? Perenduin, still surprised, looked around. The guards were still on their positions, but pretending not to look at them. "My lady... This is a delight to see you!" "It is a pleasure for me, too" she replied. They walked towards the gates of the palace, to the arcades. Guards were marching to and fro, patrolling the passages but after a while Mjuriel and Perenduin found a place without surveillance. Then Mjuriel spoke. "Captain, I thank thee for coming". She was quite nervous – formalities were not anymore needed (as reader may remember), but somehow she forgot about it. "I thank thee as well for the time that you gave me". Again this coolness and distance between them... So, she had decided to stay in Gondor. Why else such attitude? Perenduin nodded. "I understand your concerns, my lady". There was something in his voice... Sorrow. Incertitude. She looked at the captain again and a sudden thought pierced her mind. He was afraid of what she would say next. She could no longer stay so reserved, pretending that nothing was going on. Mjuriel came closer to Perenduin and gently touched his cheek. "If staying in Gondor means to be alone... then I choose to flee. Perenduin, I want to be with you!" "You will never regret it, my lady! I will do my best and take care of you". Captain lent forward and kissed her, wrapping his arms around her waist. * * * …Stars were shining above the city, all was peaceful and quiet. Two travelers rode out of the back gate, heading north. Mjuriel and Perenduin were at last together and it was all that mattered. They will have challenges in the future, balance on life and death, protecting each other – but that is another story, a story of their journeys across Middle-Earth. Urania (N.M.)