Eowyn had ever encountered before and she sighed letting her maids fix the details of her wedding gown a hundredth time that week, but then she imagined the expression of Legolas' face, when she will be walking down the aisle and smiled – it was worth it. Adore She could be strong and independent, when she was among her brother and other highly standing men, but she could be also as delicate and shy as the flower, when she was waking up in his arms every morning. He adored both sides of her equally. Murmur The centuries have passed and then millennia as well. The world has changed during those hundreds and thousands of years. The ships have come for him to carry him into the west and yet he refuses to go, even though after this endlessly long moment of eternity, her voice is nothing more but a murmur carried by the wind. But he takes it, as it is, and remains just to listen to it. Above One night, when she fell asleep on his shoulder during the council, he offered to carry her to her chambers, and when he heard her murmuring his name few times in her sleep, he was on the cloud nine for days. Below She doesn't miss the hitch in his breath when her hands sneak below his tunic for the first time and she knows he can feel her smirk against his lips. Incalculable It is almost like he was born with the bow in his hands – he never misses the target, never . And one day, when he's practising he feels the soft breath on his nape and then delicate lips reaching above his ready arm and pressing a kiss to his cheek. He doesn't even know when he releases the arrow and probably it's not important, because it's nowhere to be seen anyway. Wire She is just so busy fighting off the wires that men are trying to attach to her arms and legs and brains to make her do as they say that she is completely unaware of the one that is attached to his heart, even though she herself pulls it. Landslide When she first kissed him, he could swear the land moved from underneath his feet and only her lips kept him from falling into the abyss. The beginning is the end is the beginning When their ship leaves Grey Havens, there is a little pang of sorrow in her heart for she will never see her brother and uncle again, but when she looks into his smiling beautiful face, she just knows she belongs with him; her heart ready for the new adventure. Door When they're outside their chambers, they are the Lord and Lady of Ithilien, majestic and all duty and business, but when the door closes behind them, saving them from eyes of the others, his lips are on hers and her fingers tangle themselves in his silver blond hair; and not a second is wasted. Enemy gate He has not been afraid of death, ever. He's been living too long and was too experienced by this world to fear something like that for himself. Then he met her and now he is standing before the Black Gate, desperately wishing he could somehow overcome oncoming death, because he realises that the only thing about it, terrifying him to the core of his being, is the perspective of not seeing her face again. Stone His mother lies in Mirkwood, surrounded by trees and grass, his wife in Rohan, enfolded by stones and rocks; the women of his life leaving him all too soon. Bright (sequel to Charm) After the incident in the garden he avoids her with all his strength. It should never have happened. The words should have never left his mouth. She doesn't want him, she's not meant for him and he accepts it, ignoring the strange longing at the bottom of his heart. Until one night; after all is done, after the battle is won, after the world is safe again, when he wakes up to the soft feeling on his eyelids and brows, and cheeks, and in the corner of his lips at last. The second he's awake, he knows it's her, because he's an elf and it isn't possible not to feel the emotions emanating from her, and suddenly his heart is at peace and longing is gone. "Melmenya," he whispers, his hands finding their way to pull her closer. "My love," the words roll off her tongue with adoration; her face inches away. "It means, my love. " He should have known better that with this bright mind of hers, she will find out the meaning, but when her lips meet his, he can't bring himself to regret it. Stories She likes when Legolas tells her stories about elves, his life and Mirkwood; the only thing bothering her slightly is the use of words " I remember," when he's talking about times, when her direct ancestors weren't even born. Chime She was gone for so long that even the music box she gave him broke, when he played the melody one too many times. Laugh (sequel to Comedy of errors) He catches her in the short time and she struggles, but of course he won't let go, does he ever? She's ready to yell at him, to hit that perfect face of his, but when she sees the desperate look in his eyes, her body stills. "I would never-" He gasps, trying to find the words. "I'd rather die than betray you." There is so much distress and honesty in his face that she wants to laugh at her impetuosity and foolishness. Hold "Once an elf gives his heart, he loves for eternity," he promised her and although her body was long time ago buried next to her brother and uncle, he holds onto that promise forever. A/N: Hope you enjoyed, leaving a review would be awesome, thanks!