war no more, and war comes no more to us. We have been forgotten, hoo, forgotten long ago." The Ent-lord's eyes clouded over once again with memory. ' The Ents made up their minds rather quickly, after all, didn't they?' Pippin ventured to say after some time, when for a moment the singing paused, and only the beating of hands and feet was heard. ' Quickly?' said Treebeard. 'Hoom! Yes, indeed. Quicker than I expected. Indeed I have not seen them roused like this for many an age. We Ents do not like being roused; and we are never roused unless it is clear to us that our lives and trees are in great danger. That has not happened in this Forest since the wars of Sauron and the Men of the Sea. It is orc-work, the wanton of hewing— rarum— without even the bad excuse for feeding the fires, that has so angered us; and the treachery of a neighbor, who should have helped us. Wizards ought to know better. There is no curse in Elvish, Entish or the tongues of Men for such treachery. Down with Saruman!' ' Will you really break down the doors of Isengard?' asked Merry. ' Ho, hm, well, we could, you know! You do not know, perhaps, how strong we are. Maybe you have heard of Trolls? They are mighty strong. But Trolls are only counterfeits, made by the Enemy in the Great Darkness, in mockery of Ents, as Orcs were of Elves. We are stronger than Trolls. We are made of the bones of the earth. We can split stone like the roots of trees, only quicker, far quicker, if our minds are roused! If we are not hewn down, or destroyed by fire or blast of sorcery, we could spilt Isengard into splinters and crack its walls into rubble.' ' But Saruman will try to stop you, won't he?' ' Hm, ah, yes, that is so. I have not forgotten it. Indeed I have thought long about it. But, you see, many of the Ents are younger than I am, by many lives of trees. They are all roused now, and their mind is all one thing: breaking Isengard. But they will stop thinking again before long; they will cool down a little, when we take our evening drink. What a thirst we shall have! But let them march now and sing! We have a long way to go, and there is time ahead for thought. It is something to have started.' Treebeard marched on, singing with the others for a while. But after a time his voice died to a murmur and fell silent again. Pippin could see that his old brow was wrinkled and knotted. At last he looked up, and Pippin could see a sad look in his eyes, sad but not unhappy. There was a light in them, as if the green flame had sunk deeper into the dark wells of his thought. 'O f course, it is likely enough, my friends,' he said slowly, 'likely enough that we are going to our doom: the last march of the Ents. But if we stayed at home and did nothing, doom would find us anyway, sooner or later. That thought has long been growing in our hearts; that is why we are marching now. It was not a hasty resolve. Now at least the march of the Ents may be worth a song. Aye,' he sighed, 'we may help the other peoples before we pass away. Still, I should have liked to see the songs come true about the Entwives. I should dearly have liked to see Fimbrethil again. But there, my friends, song like trees bear fruit only in their own time and their own way: and sometimes they are withered untimely.' But to their doom the Ents did not go, he recalled. They prevailed although it was indeed the last battle they ever fought. Peace crept slowly back into the forest, and straying orcs were killed by the trees. "Such times were those of final greatness sung in songs of fair elvish in the lands of Lothlorien and beyond, no longer are they fresh in my mind such things have faded to old tunes that blend with those even older, like a dream of the last fairness of all woods the Elves ever lived in, a dream yet to end for my forest. But it is fading; stopped growing long ago, hasty is not the end coming. Hrum hoom. It will not be long. The withering of Fangorn is very, very near." So passed away the Ents, back into myth and legends said they passed long ago, though in the corner of one's eye they would see a large shadow move within the wood, and remember the tales they'd been told of the Ents as a child, and tell them to their own childen beside the fire. And myth and legend passed into memory, and were forgotten by Men long ages passed. The Ents faded into the shadows of time, although they still roamed the forest, fewer and fewer as time went on. So passed the Ents did in the minds of mortal Men. The sky was darkening, though the shaft of light still struggled to survive. The Ent watch this, and he could remember no more; so blurry and thrown together were his thoughts, all fighting to be heard. The sunlight began to fade ever so slowly, and the shadows deepened as night crept forward warily. The green flame of his eyes having sunk so deep that sadness was all one could see. But no unhappiness. The old Ent-lord was not unhappy that at last the old tales of Men were coming true. The Ents had lived for many a long age, and then some. It was time for them to at last fade away. Closing at last his glittering eyes, alone on the hill of stone, Fangorn at last succumbed to his inevitable sleep.