Legolas with such emotion written upon their face, and never before had someone stirred his heart so. The Elf didn't deserve this man's companionship, did he? Surely if the human knew the truth of what he had committed, he would hold Legolas in contempt? ' Was he only teasing, Aragorn? You do not know of what you speak. I am not the person either of you believe me to me.' The Ranger was shocked. He had thought he and the Elf were on good terms. They had told each other of many personal affairs. Did Legolas still not deem him worthy of his trust after all they had been through together? What could the Prince be speaking of? Aragorn knelt before the solemn Elf and took a pale hand in his own. It was soft and delicate. Aragorn found it almost impossible to believe that these hands, with their slender bow, had slain many an Orc had he not witnessed it with his own eyes. A few stray breezes of wind whispered through the boughs of the archaic trees. The gusts that reached Aragorn's ears sounded as if they sung praises to the foliage of their having stroked the face of the Elven existence. As Aragorn admired the gorgeous Elf, he felt a need to comfort Legolas and banish all self-deprecating thoughts from his mind. He identified the compulsion to confess to him all the emotions that he held within his heart. 'My Prince, in all of our endeavors, I have found you to be a being of incomparable bravery, selflessness, and valor. How could you, my dear Elf,' whispered Aragorn, caressing Legolas' cheek with his palm, 'be anything other than the being of unprecedented royal qualities that I see before me?' The Prince blushed a deep red at Aragorn's endearing titles for him, contrasting sharply with his pale features. 'But as a Prince, I've fail–' The Elf was cut off by his friend. 'Was it not yourself who sought to make haste, sacrificing your own comfort for the safety of the Halflings?' Aragorn brushed back a few fair locks from Legolas' face, tucking them behind the Elf's pointed ear. 'If that is not an acceptable illustration of your Princely selflessness – your true self, then I have not an idea what would be.' Legolas was mesmerized by the other man's voice. A silver shaft of moonlight slipped between the branches of the trees, lighting across the Ranger's features. Aragorn supposed he knew why Legolas had been bothered so by Gimli's comment about the mystery woman. While the Dwarf thought the Prince had had some secret affair with an Elven beauty, Aragorn understood otherwise. The Elf had never spoken fondly of any Elven women – at least, not in a romantic sense – and Aragorn had come to a conclusion about his companion that made him think a great deal not just about Legolas, but about his own desires as well. He'd admit that the Prince was not sore on the eyes, nor was his voice harsh on his ears. The gentle lilt of Legolas' vocal intonations pushed themselves deeply into the Ranger's welcoming heart. In fact, Aragorn found that lately, every time the Elf spoke with him in his native tongue, his legs turned to blades of grass – rooted to the spot under the other man's gaze, yet Aragorn felt as if even the softest of breezes could push him to the ground. When was the last time a woman had ever caused such a trembling in his soul? The Ranger could remember not. He felt sorry for Arwen, as his mind was made up. Aragorn knew now what he must do. He leaned in close to the Elf-Prince's beautiful face. He could feel Legolas' breath on his cheek, the Archer's fine hair brushing across Aragorn's features as he brought his lips to the gorgeous being's cheek. Legolas' breath caught in his throat when he tried to speak 'Aragorn?' 'Yes, my love?' Legolas' heart began to beat harder and faster than the crashing waves of the Sea of Rhûn. Its pounding droned out all other sounds as he clung to Aragorn's preceding words as if both their lives relied upon it. In a sense, they did. Their alliance had grown to something much greater than the Elf could ever have imagined, and this was the instance in which all their unspoken thoughts would be released. Legolas was almost frightened to speak and disturb the pristine moment. He could not help falling in love with the man, and he no longer tried to fight it. Perhaps there was truth in Aragorn's remark about his worth as both a Prince and an individual. He did not care what others' views of him distorted to, based solely on his affairs with other men. Legolas could wait no longer to deliberate the consequences of his following actions – He felt as if he might shatter if he held this in much longer. Legolas took a steadying breath as he prepared to voice ' Le no an-uir nîn? Be mine. Mine, and only mine, from this day forth, until the sun no longer rises on the horizon each morn, and our time on Middle-Earth has expired.' The Ranger ran his fingers through Legolas' hair, treasuring every minute detail of the moment – the play of light from the moon dancing aloft the ancient branches, the sweet scent of pine that wafted from the trees, the soft touch of the Archer's hand in his as they embraced in the seclusion of the forest. He didn't care what Gimli thought about Lady Galadriel – Legolas truly was the fairest creature in all of Middle-Earth. He closed his eyes and kissed his Elf. ' Ae anírach – anything, Ernilen .' The End A/N: Yaaaay! So, how was my first story? Please review! See you around! Le no an-uir nîn : Will you be mine forever? Ae anírach : If you wish Ernilen : My Prince (familiar)