could say a word. Aragorn opened his mouth to tell her, to explain to her the dire circumstances in which he had been in her room, so that she could understand; before he could get even a word out, however, there was a knock at the door. "Lady Arwen?" a familiar voice was calling, and the use of "Lady" may have been proof that, close friend though the voice was, he was being polite as possible to get the best result. "Are you in there? I need you to answer me one thing. I'm looking for Estel." -o0o- You, I am certain, have already guessed correctly as to the owner of this voice, because how many people can be looking for our Ranger at one time, yes? Well, the answer to that may very well be many, actually, but on this particular day in this particular tale, there was only one person looking for Estel, and we all know who that is. "I am here, Legolas," answered Arwen after some pause, ignoring Estel for the time being and turning instead to face the door, though the Elf on the other side couldn't see her. "And do you know where Aragorn is?" Aragorn was shaking his head furiously, back and forth and forth and back and back and forth—at quite a remarkable pace, too. Arwen watched him doing this, perhaps confused, and Aragorn, afraid to make the smallest of sounds, just kept wagging his head, mouthing the word "NO!" over and over again in time to his movements. Perhaps it was the fact that, had Aragorn not moved inside the closet when he had, he would have found Arwen in a most uncomfortable situation; or maybe it was because he had just been in her room without her knowledge. But then it could also be that the elleth was just having a bad day—perhaps her father had borrowed her headpiece again. It could be that she was just feeling spiteful, or maybe there was something Aragorn had done to her long ago that we have no knowledge of that she had still not gotten even for. It could yet be all of these things, or a combination of a few of them. No one will ever be able to say for sure exactly what had caused the Lady of Rivendell to do what she did next. She looked at Aragorn, who silently pleaded with her, and she looked at the door, who silently did not plead, because it was just a door. Then, and it has only been a second or two since Legolas asked his question, though it may seem longer than that thanks to the author's narrative, Arwen answered the Elf. "You seek Aragorn, Legolas? Well, then, come quickly, my dear friend! He is here with me." -o0o- Arwen's words had hardly left her mouth before Legolas jerked open the door; Aragorn had but a split second's time to think to race away, and if it hadn't been for two things he could have possibly made it. The first being he was still trying to comprehend what Arwen had said, to wrap his mind about her betrayal; the second reason, also being the most effective, was that the Lady of Rivendell still clutched his arm from when she had pulled him from her closet. Either way, Legolas entered the room at a remarkable pace; and he also had a grip on Aragorn's other arm before the Ranger had even batted an eye; this speed and agility annoyed him, mostly because it proved to be his downfall, and he scowled at his old friend and at Arwen, both of whom were smirking. "So I have caught you at last, my friend," said Legolas with a laugh, "and with the unlikely assistance of Lady Arwen, no less." Here he directed a polite nod towards the elleth, who smiled in return; Legolas tightened his grip as she realised hers. "Come along, now, Estel," said the Elf, and Aragorn was still too bewildered at this turn of events to offer much resistance. He allowed himself to be led away much like a child would be lead towards punishment, looking no less eager than that child might have looked, too. "And now you will be bathed and put into fresh clothes, Aragorn," Legolas was saying as they left Arwen behind in her chambers, "and you will see that it is not as bad as you would think, really. You may actually enjoy being clean, who knows…" But Aragorn seriously doubted it. -o0o- And so it came to pass that Aragorn, son of Arathorn, also known as Estel, or Dúnadan, or sometimes Strider, and who will be known in the future as Elessar or Elfstone, and has even been called Thorongil once or twice, could be found scowling a short time later, dressed in clothes that did not smell like horse dung, with hair that was combed and that one could actually look at and guess as to the correct colour of it, with skin not covered in Valar knows what, and surrounded with the sweet, pleasant smell of cleanliness that he had not often had about him before. And by his side, laughing, stood Legolas of Mirkwood, who obviously find much more pleasure in the state that Aragorn was in than was really called for. "You'll thank me for this one day, Estel," said the Elf, "I promise you." But again, Aragorn seriously doubted it. And so instead of forgiving his friend, he merely stared daggers through him in a vain effort to kill Legolas with his own eyes; when this failed, however, and the Elf was still laughing, the Ranger told him, in no uncertain terms, just what he thought of him, where he should spend his time, and what he should do with it, finishing with a fierce threat. "I know where you keep your shampoo!!" The Elf's laughter died away as immediately as it would had someone flipped an off button….