I," Celebrían added. "We will both be there for you." Erestor's eyes closed, but he still managed to squeeze Glorfindel's hand. /Be there for me, Glorfindel. I will need you the most…/ He couldn't count on Elrond yet. The half-Elf was still too emotional to support him. Glorfindel felt the urge to guide Erestor's hand to his lips and press a kiss onto its back, but he didn't do so. Such a gesture would be highly inappropriate, but the need to do so did tell him that he was developing feelings for Erestor. /I will be there for you, Erestor. I promise./ /Glorfindel? Glorfindel!/ Erestor's panic registered with Glorfindel, who had been asleep in his chair. His eyes filled with awareness and he moved closer. Seeing the frightened expression in Erestor's eyes, he wondered what was wrong. Elrond and Celebrían had left some time ago and right after that Erestor had fallen asleep. "What is amiss?" Erestor reached out shakily and managed to curl his fingers around Glorfindel's wrist. /It is too dark in here… Can you light the oil lamps? The darkness…it reminds me of…of being in that tomb./ He had spent the last six years in utter darkness and finding himself in a dark room unnerved him. "I will do so, if you let go of my wrist, Erestor." Glorfindel disliked seeing the fear in the dark eyes and wanted nothing more than to do away with it, but in order for him to do so, Erestor had to return his hand to him. Erestor let go reluctantly. He had wanted to hang on to the warrior's closeness. Glorfindel quickly rose from the chair and began to light the various oil lamps which stood scattered throughout the bedroom. Once the room was comfortably illuminated, he returned to the bed and sat down on the side. "Better?" Erestor gave Glorfindel a nod to show his appreciation. "I am afraid I do not do well in darkness." The light also gave him another chance to study the warrior's features. Erestor was no fool. He sensed that a bond was developing between them and, although he could have chosen to stop it from deepening further, he didn't want to. He needed this link to the present – to the living. "Can I ask you for another favor?" Glorfindel clasped his hands around one of Erestor's and rubbed the back of it with his thumbs. "Of course, you can." Glorfindel, old and wise in his own right, had long sensed the link that was forming. He was curious to find out what Erestor intended to do with it. Would the Advisor encourage the bond or reject it? "Would you hold me? It was dark and lonely in that tomb and each time I close my eyes, I feel like I am back in there again." Erestor was rather confident that Glorfindel would indulge him. After all, the warrior had already gone to great lengths to return him to the Last Homely House. "I would like that." Glorfindel stretched out on his back and Erestor managed to move closer until the Advisor could rest his head on the warrior's chest. Glorfindel completed the embrace by wrapping Erestor up in his arms. With one hand he caressed the Advisor's long fingers and with the other he stroked the raven hair. Erestor closed his eyes, which helped him savor the experience. "I no longer have to haunt these rooms." He had truly come home – thanks to Glorfindel. "I did not think I would ever sleep in my bed again – let alone with another Elf present in it." Glorfindel smiled and pressed a kiss onto the raven head. "I believe we have the twins to thank for that. If they had not set my rooms on fire I would never have moved in here. And then I would never have found about you. I thank the Valar that I did." Erestor swallowed hard as he realized that the moment of truth had come. "Recovery will take some time. It might be weeks before I can leave my bed unaided." Glorfindel heard the real question hidden in the words. Glorfindel nuzzled Erestor's neck. The smile remained on his face when he said, "I plan on walking your path to recovery with you. You can lean on me. I will support you." Erestor, being the braver of the two of them, raised his head and looked Glorfindel in the eyes. "Do you sense it too? The link? You must feel it." Glorfindel blushed and then nodded his head. His blue eyes gazed into Erestor's dark ones before shifting lower to the pale lips. "I feel the link, aye and I welcome it." Erestor had received his answer. Glorfindel was agreeable to this development. "Does that mean you will stay and live in my rooms?" Glorfindel chuckled. "Aye, I will. I will make them my new home." His fingers ghosted across Erestor's face and touched the lips which he wanted to kiss so badly. He wanted to taste Erestor. He wanted to bring light and life to the Elf who had dwelt in darkness for so long. Glorfindel wanted to chase away that gloomy loneliness that still clung to Erestor. "May I kiss you?" Erestor gave Glorfindel a warm smile. "I was hoping you would say that – else I might have resorted to haunting your dreams until you kissed me." "Nay, your haunting days are over." Glorfindel leaned in closer and finally took those pale lips in a tender kiss. Erestor tasted of sorrow and darkness and Glorfindel even detected a hint of death on them, but once he deepened the kiss, new sensations stroked his palate. There was hope, light, and love. Aye, Erestor's haunting days were over. The Elf would walk in the light again and at his side he would find his new lover. Glorfindel would fill Erestor's world will love and light for as long as they both would live. The end