she walked over to the bed side she looked down at the motionless body and spoke. "Why is this one not apart of those awaiting burial?" Without looking up Legolas replied "Because one does not bury the living." "Aw, such a young warrior but strength slowly fades out of her body, for gone is the hope that once flowed within her veins." Said Thalionmornie, and with a breath of sadness she began to sing in honor of those who gave there lives to protect the realm. Ai im lanta mellyn! Hain dagor astaldo. Nai elenath gala hainesse si dur henath. Aeg dara nev hain bor. Ai im lanta mellyn! A Elbereth tira hain! Nai hi lina lhaw palan! Nai hain galad dira palan! Alas for my fallen friends! They fought valiantly. May stars shine, in their now dark eyes. Evil wavered at their hand. Alas for my fallen friends! O Star-Queen, watch over them! May this song be heard afar! May their light be seen afar! Alistrinia who until now had be in a world all to her own. This is a world that few who are living ever get to see because it is in a state in which one is hovering between life and death. In the world Alistrinia was in a field to one side of her was the forest that she had always known and loved, but to the other side was the realm as it appeared after the battle blood soaked and red with gore. She saw her mother and father once more they were beckoning her to follow them across to the forest, oh how she longed to go but then she saw the friends that she had made in the short time weeping for her loss begging her to return to them once again. Alistrinia had to make a decision whether she join her parents back to the way things were or to live on her life in a land that was forever changing. With a final farewell she joined her friends in the land of the living. Though she did this with a heavy heart she knew that her time had not come yet and she gave her parents one final embrace she bid them good bye till her time on this earth had ended. As Alistrinia slowly opened her eyes again she looked around only to find that Rûdhy had fallen asleep and Legolas had gone were she did not know. It was darkest night when she had awoke and a moon full accompanied by a sky of Varda's stars shown in through the window nearby. Although elves normally do not fall asleep nor do they need sleep, Rûdhy was still a child and had been worn thin by all of this excitement. Alistrinia smiled as she thought to herself, "Hmm, you know something she really is not that bad when she is not jumping all over the place or talking your ear off. Ha wonder were I am I don't remember this place at all. Maybe I should wake Rûdhy up, but I can hardly move at all." Just then Legolas walked into the room, for he had stepped outside to look at the stars for some rays of hope. As he came over he saw with great happiness that Alistrinia had awakened from her dark slumber. "You have awakened at last!" he said with great joy, "All of us feared that you might never return to us. Rûdhy come on wake up, look, oh come on Rûdhy wake up!" "Rûdhy very happy, yes, yes now that friend is okay!" Rûdhy said with glee. "Oh I was so worried yes, yes. Don't do again. You scared me." Alistrinia laughed a little as her friends smiled to see that she was live. "I'm sorry that I gave you such a fright. Oh but is good to be awake. I take it that we won the battle?" "Yes we won but not without great losses. Many perished that night, we were scared that you would be one of them." Replied Legolas. "For a moment there I nearly was." Alistrinia answered back. "I was in a world in which I saw my parents but also you two. I was told I had to make a decision of whether to go with my family or to live in the world of the living with you guys. I was about to go with my family when I heard this song in elvin that called me back. Tell me who was the one that sang that song?" Out of the shadows came a voice, "It was I, Thalionmornie, like you I too am a warrior. I sensed that you were in grave danger I knew that this song would bring you back." "Thank you Thalionmornie is there any way in which I can repay you?" asked Alistrinia. "No there is no need. I bid you all a fond farewell." And with that a burst of wind blew open the window and she disappeared on the wings of the wind. She would not be seen again for many a days for you can only see her when she wants you to see her, for she is the Child of the West Wind. In the week to follow Thalionmornie had left the woodland realm but promised that she would return soon. Alistrinia in the mean time regained her strength and explored the beauty of the city that surrounded her. In her thoughts were the memories of her father telling her of the very city in which she now walked in. "It is just as father had described it? Oh how I wish him and mother could be here." Alistrinia thought to herself. Then up in the air she heard the beat of wings, but not that of a bird more of that of a dragon. It sounded to her like a small dragon, and she wondered if it could be Thalionmornie's pet dragon Aravorn, had Thalionmornie returned? Fin