monumental shouts of gratitude, he wondered why he hadn't thought of trying this in the first place). Within minutes, the rift seemed to mend. Sandyman was gathered amidst a group of loud and rather boisterous hobbits speaking of the "glory of the odd Baggins's'" which began with Bilbo's remarkable party for his 111th birthday and continued here and there to all sorts of outlandish events, some of which were exaggerated or mistakenly accredited to Bilbo while others, Frodo concluded, were entirely fictional (such as Bilbo having attempted to hatch a dragon's egg). Mr. Cotton returned to his friends in the corner having a quite chat and a peaceful smoke. For nearly an hour, Frodo stood at the end of the bar, accepting various words of gratitude with the occasional nod or smile. Though he was the topic of much conversation, he hardly said a word himself, other than brief pleasantries and vague responses to prying questions. When he had stayed what seemed an appropriate amount of time, he set his drink on the counter, unfinished, and slipped outside. The sun had gone. The moon lay hidden behind a cloud, but the sky was speckled with stars that lit his path in silver rays between patches of flickering lanterns. Frodo turned the corner and the clinks of mugs and reels of laughter dwindled, fading beneath his footsteps. There had been a time when Frodo enjoyed walking at night, when he had looked upon the shadowed trees with awe and the moonlit fields with delight. But all the trees in sight were felled with nothing but stumps or rotting wood and the fields were dry and limp or thickened with mud. Yet not all his bereavement could be blamed on Saruman. Part of it stemmed from himself, for he no longer looked upon the Shire in the way he once had. It had been home once, and would be again he hoped; but, as he stared out at the darkened lands, he saw nothing more than a wavering scene that he could neither feel nor give meaning to. It didn't seem real, but merely as passing and distant as clouds in the sky. Only when he was with friends or busied in work did the feeling fade, only then did it feel like he was part of the world once more. But he wasn't happy, just distracted. As one who wishes to avoid an inescapable event delays with menial tasks, he filled his mind with challenges to delay the rise of his own thoughts. He found this surprisingly easy to do with all the management needed for relocating the homeless, repairing the damage, and removing the stains Sharkey's men had made upon the land. But each night, when he was alone, his thoughts crept in unheeded. Often, they were of his friends. Merry and Pippin, alone, captured by orcs or lost on the battlefield. He thought of Sam, dear Sam, who had faced more pain and torment than any living soul should ever have to face. Sometimes, he remembered his own suffering. Images of Shelob's lair and the Cirith Ungol would resurface so vividly, he often had to touch the walls or open windows to assure himself he wasn't still trapped in those dismal places. Other nights, there was no clear vision, but he would break out in sweat, fearing some great malice lingered in the corner waiting to devour him or worse, bring him back to the horrid forsaken land of Mordor. Yet worst of all were the nights when he felt neither triumph nor fear, only a great aching emptiness as if his very soul had been plucked from his body, leaving him hollow and hopeless. It was these nights he feared the most, when the world faded and dwindled until it seemed a thin veil in swelling darkness. Frodo pulled himself from his thoughts and back to the hills around him. To his surprise, he found he was at the very spot where the Battle of Bywater occurred nearly a month ago. Even in the dark, Frodo could see the cliff-like slopes rising on either side of him. He remembered the solemn day well. More than the battle, he remembered the aftermath when he and his friends gathered the fallen hobbits and laid them to rest. Never before has such grief touched the Shire. Frodo hadn't realized he'd stopped until a light came up behind him. Startled, he turned and slunk back. He relaxed when he saw it was only Mr. Cotton. "Sorry, Mr. Frodo, didn't mean to startle you." Mr. Cotton held up his lantern. "I didn't see you there in the dark. What are you doing walking about without a light? It's not safe, I tell you. Not safe at all. Then again, nothing seems to scare you warriors these days." "Except light." Frodo smiled tiredly. "And if any of us is a warrior, it's you. I saw the fighting you did here last month, and I must say you make a far greater opponent than I do." Mr. Cotton fidgeted at the compliment, trying hard to hide his smile. "Well, all I can say is, those Ruffians sure better not show their face around here or they'll have the both of us warriors to reckon with." Frodo pulled his eyes from the battlefield as Mr. Cotton clapped him on the back and led the way home. Perhaps, he thought, as the breeze picked up and pried the final clinging leaves from their branches, there was hope for the Shire after all. Things were changing for the better. Maybe it really was time to put the war behind them. Listening to Mr. Cotton hum an old working song, he climbed the shabby steps to the Cottons' burrow with a tired smile. Little did he know that, at that very moment in the far corners of the Shire, two young Ruffians were keeping the war very much alive with every intention to bring it to that very doorstep.