The Wood-Elf decided to try to be as congenial as possible. In his current situation, he could do nothing less. It burned him to ask the man for help. However, he could not stay like this, and when he was freed, the man would pay for trespassing in Eryn Galen and for laying the trap that had injured her Prince. No doubt, this Adan is from Laketown. He ought to know better. No hunting is allowed in these parts of the forest. The game here is poisonous. "I could lend a hand, Master Elf ," the man said with derision, crossing his arms over his chest. "I don't think I will, however." The Prince shifted painfully on the ground, his unease mounting. "You seem to be unaware that you are in an Elven kingdom, and that such a trespass carries a harsh sentence." "I am more than aware, Elf, of where I am and what I am doing. Looks like you could have been paying closer attention." The man snorted in laughter while Legolas was quickly becoming angrier. "This is your trap?" "It is." "And what kind of prey were you hoping to catch with this?" The man still stood in place, not having moved toward Legolas at all. Besides anger, Legolas was also beginning to feel his unease turn to anxiety: the human hunter wasn't planning to help him. "You'll do." I guess that answers what kind of animal this trap was intended for, Legolas thought despondently. The blood loss from his leg wound was making him dizzy, and the mindless banter was irritating. He could not have been bleeding for more than ten minutes, and the flow, while potentially life threatening, hadn't yet relieved him of enough claret to cause the dizziness he felt. Why am I so nauseous? "Why do you not fight fair, then? Remove these teethed jaws. Even wounded I would best you." Legolas knew better than to believe such a taunt would work though he hoped it would. The hunter only laughed. "I am not so dim that I would attempt to fight a Wood-Elf. I will just wait." Legolas shook his head, willing the darkness to fade from his vision. "Wait for what? My fellow Elves to find you?" "For the poison to finish its work, Elf. Once you are out cold, we'll be on our way." All hope that the man might help him, or at least be stupid enough to remove the trap, was now gone. Swiftly, he pulled his long knife from its sheath on his quiver, intending to throw it at the hunter. It is better that he be dead and hope someone will find me than to be taken, the Prince decided. But before he could pull his knife free a sharp pain in his leg disrupted his movement, and instead of flinging the knife expertly at the hunter, it fell to the ground several feet away from the man. Legolas grabbed the teethed jaws about his leg, trying to stifle a cry at the throbbing in his limb as the trap was jerked. "Can't believe this worked, Meika!" Whirling his head towards the sound of another voice, the Elf was surprised to see another human, but his world did not stop spinning when his body ceased moving. Legolas could feel himself slipping into darkness, into unconsciousness. Stay awake, he told himself. He could not be unconscious in the presence of these men. "And they say it's hard to catch an Elf! Boss's plan worked without us even having to lure him towards one of the traps." The new voice's owner held the chain to the trap in his hand. He gave another sharp tug. "Went and caught himself, he did." "Careful now, Jalian, don't want to make him bleed too much. Boss said not to hurt him too bad. Wait till all's done, then maybe you can have some fun." Legolas managed to rasp out, falling back onto the ground from vertigo, "With what have you poisoned me?" "Not to worry, Elfling," Jalian said, "we've got plans for you. Or rather, the boss has plans for you. Don't worry, you'll live." "For a while yet," laughed Meika, as his companion joined in his amusement. I must have my eyes closed, the Elf thought as his weary head, too heavy for him to keep upright any longer, hit the ground with a thud. He was not yet unconscious, however, and could hear the men; he just couldn't seem to keep his eyes open or to focus on their movements or speech. I cannot be taken by these men. Images of the horrors that the oft-bigoted race of humans had foisted upon the Elves ran through his mind, stories of slavery, torture, and death he had heard came to him. They won't make it out of the forest. The scouting camp is expecting me, and when I don't meet them, the whole of Eryn Galen will be out looking for me. When the Prince finally convinced his lids to open once more, he saw that the humans seemed less than petrified at the prospect of any oncoming Elves. Their blurry forms advanced on the archer with caution, but as the poison had worked its effect at immobilization, they did not hesitate for long, and Meika bound Legolas' hands while Jalian unlocked the trap with a key from his tunic's pocket. The Prince could feel his body being moved, yet it seemed distant, as if he weren't really there; that is, until the pain of the device's removal hit him. He couldn't shout for help. He couldn't even cry out from the pain, if his pride had not been too great to prevent him from doing so anyway. With an uncaring shove, Jalian threw Legolas' leg to the ground. Finally, the agony was too much, and as one of the men grabbed him, slinging him carelessly over his shoulder, the Elf gave way to the darkness and knew no more.