matter for outside the mine it was very cold often covered in snow but inside the heat from the furnaces were so intense one could barely stand up. While walking pasted the mine something caught Alistrinia's eye, what appeared to be a man with the face of an insect, she could see in his eyes a look of loss and that of pain. "How can he survive?" Alistrinia thought as they walk by, "I must find out how he is." The group walked in the closest inn they could fine. Walking up to the counter Knave banged on the wood with his fist. "Is there anyone here! We need some rooms to stay in." Out from under the counter popped up an old woman, " 'ello there laddie ye need room's ye say well we got som' nice rooms for the lass's 'n ye can stay 'ith me if ye like. Heehehhee" Knave fell down on his butt out of shock. "Mmmm That's okay I think I'll just take my chances with the girls." All the girls laughed at this. "Are you sure Knave she seems like more of you type?" "Yeah you two would make such a great couple." Standing up Knave pushes Rudhy out of his way. "Stop laughing it aint funny okay! Look Old Woman I want a room by myself got it!" he screams at the old woman. The old woman laughs "Oh I am sorry but we don't have enough rooms for you to have your own hohoho, looks like you'll have to share anyway." The others go off to their rooms but Alistrinia stays behind, turning to the old woman she asks "Excuse me but one of the miners down there he looked as though he was not human, I mean he looked like an insect. Who is he?" Facing Alistrinia the old woman whispers "He is a captive they caught so he must work the mines. Poor boy though he has no one and can not speak to save himself." Alistrinia turns to go out the door "Then I'll just have to speak for him!" Slams the door behind her and walks into the bitter cold over the mine. She thinks to herself "I must help that poor boy he must be so cold in this weather." Walking to the mine entrance she looks for the insect man till she finally spots him. "Excuse me! Excuse me! Mr. Insect can I…" not looking were she was going Alistrinia fell on the rail track, her cloak was caught on a heavy piece of wood. "Miss look out!" a rail car had broken loose of the grip of a miner in the freezing cold but Alistrinia was stuck and could not break free. "Ahhhhhhhhh" Alistrinia braced herself for the worst but at that moment the she was saved by the insect-man, he lifted her up and placed her gently in the snow. Still a little dazed Alistrinia tried to get up but the insect man would not let her gesturing for her to stay down for her leg was hurt. Picking her up again he carried her to the inn. "Thank you sir for saving me how can I repay you." Alistrinia asked. When the insect man did not respond Alistrinia had an idea. "Here you must be cold take my cloak it will help keep you warm." She placed her cloak over him, "There now that will keep you warm in this weather. Ah please do you have a name sir?" He hesitated before he spoke but a single word. "Raven." She looked at him confused, "Is that your name?" He nodded his head. "Well Raven I insist that you come with and my friends your strength could come in handy were we are headed. Please won't you come?" He shook his head and pointed to the mine and then to the shackles on his legs. Alistrinia looked at him sadly "You're a prisoner of those mines aren't you. Well you saved my life its time I saved yours." Jumping down out of his arms she ran to the mines, Raven quickly following behind. "Hey Raven where is the guy who's in charge of this operation?" all Raven did was point to a man inside the mines, fat and ugly was he. "Gulp. That's the guy oh well he looks like the reasoning sort. Hey Mister I need to talk to you." The boss man turn to Alistrinia, "My, an elf child this far in the mountains well I'll be. What can I do you for little girl?" Insulted by his remark Alistrinia stood tall and looked at him seriously, "You can start by releasing this man." She pointed to Raven. "He has done nothing wrong and I need him in my quest to stop the Balrogs. I implore you to allow him to accompany me and my companions on our quest if you do not comply you could be putting the whole world in danger." As serious as she looked the ugly man just laughed at her. "Hahahahaaaaaaaa that is the funniest thing I've ever heard. Let him go she says hahahaha this creature has done wonders for my mine I will not let him go but I think I will keep you. Seize her guards." Before she could react Alistrinia was captured and chained to the wall of the mine. The boss grabbed Alistrinia's chin "Well my dear you certainly are a beautiful little elf child aren't you and my, what strange markings on your ears. You'll fetch a fine profit when I sell you." Alistrinia struggled against the chains "You wont get away with this you fiend let me go now!" The man just laughed at her "Karrottega take this girl to the slave house I want to see her suffer." The man named Karrottega took Alistrinia by the chains and dragged her outside. Alistrinia started crying a little "Let me go please I have to save the world you fool"