Haldir realized this act drained his lover more than he had originally thought. Supporting Legolas' legs, he gently lifted them, and encouraged Legolas to pull them toward his chest. "You look even lovelier this way – open and vulnerable." Legolas obliged Haldir, and stared lazily at his silver-haired lover who moved confidently inside him. This lovemaking had to result in new life – it had to! Several weeks later... "Haldir? Love?" Legolas quickly scanned his surroundings, and was reassured when he found their traveling companions still sound asleep. "Wake up!" They had made camp only a few miles away from Minas Tirith and tomorrow another battle awaited them. But that could wait. First he had to tell Haldir something very important. "Yes, love, I am awake." Haldir's eyes filled with awareness and he instantly pulled Legolas closer, even atop of him. "Why did you wake me?" He had grown extremely protective and possessive of Legolas during these last few weeks – ever since that day that they had made love in Helm's Deep. His feelings for Legolas were still deepening – even though he had thought that impossible. Looking at his beloved now, he realized that Legolas had never looked lovelier before. The blue eyes shone with a silver fire and the normally so pallid skin had attained a rosy hue. "We are going to have a baby in ten moons," whispered Legolas softly into Haldir's ear, as he didn't want anyone else to find out yet. "I am with child." "How do you know for certain?" Haldir's eyes shone with hope and love when Legolas guided his hand beneath the fabric of his lover's clothes. His palm rested against the once flat abdomen, feeling a slight distention. Speechless, he stared into Legolas' radiant eyes. "You are going to be an Ada shortly. Just as you wanted." Legolas claimed Haldir's lips in a loving kiss. Haldir finally regained his wits. "You must be careful from this moment on. Don't fight tomorrow." "We already discussed this," said Legolas, reminding Haldir of their previous discussions. "But I will be as careful as I possibly can." Haldir buried Legolas in a warm hug, rocking his lover gently on top of him. "You have made me the happiest Elf alive." Legolas smiled brilliantly at him. "I hope you will still feel like that when my hormones act up." "Oh, the joys of pregnancy," said Haldir, teasingly. "I will face them with you." Holding Legolas tight, he thanked the Valar for granting them this child. "You are what ?" Aragon shook his head, still trying to understand and accept what Legolas had just told him. During the last battle he had wondered about Haldir, who constantly hovered near Legolas and who had tried to convince him to forbid Legolas to take part in the upcoming fight. Now Haldir's plea made sense. The enemy had finally been defeated and Aragorn would shortly be crowned King of the reunited Kingdoms of Gondor and Arnor, and the last thing he had had expected to hear was that his long-time friend was pregnant with Haldir's child. "You cannot be pregnant!" "I assure you it is so." Legolas took hold of Aragorn's hand and after seeing Haldir nod, placed his friend's hand against his abdomen. Aragorn's eyes widened in shock. "But..." "All males in my family are capable of conceiving and eventually giving birth," explained Legolas, who smiled, feeling Aragorn gently rub his fingers against the distended skin. "Haldir and I will become parents in ten moons." Aragorn was torn between being cross with Legolas and being happy for his friend. "You fought at my side knowing you were endangering your child?" "Haldir and I discussed this. He was also worried that I might be injured, but he allowed me to do so. It is my body and I make my own decisions." Legolas patiently waited for Aragorn's reaction. "I would like to stay in Minas Tirith until the baby is born." "Of course you are welcome to stay," stammered Aragorn, still finding it hard to believe what his fingertips were telling him. "But you still acted recklessly." Legolas nodded once. "But the war is over and we should look toward the future, not the past." Haldir came to stand beside him and a strong arm enfolded him. "Haldir and I told you first." "The others don't know yet?" "No," replied Haldir, "We agreed you should learn of this first." "Oh," chuckled Aragorn, "I want to be there when you tell Gimli!" "I can't believe you did that!" Gimli fumed with frustration. "You are with child and still fought in the frontlines!" He was shocked to find out how easily he accepted the fact that Legolas was pregnant, but what he couldn't accept was the fact that the Elf hadn't stayed behind when his condition had become clear to him. "That is irresponsible behavior!" "What are you going to do about that, Master Dwarf?" inquired Legolas, who was seated comfortably on a divan in Gimli's guest rooms. Now that Aragorn was King of Gondor, the Gondorrim had been quick to make sure their honored guests were as comfortable as possible, assigning them the best guest rooms. "I should bend you over my knee and spank you!" roared Gimli, glaring at Legolas. He loved his friend deeply, but he just couldn't understand why Legolas had taken such a risk. The baby could have been injured, or Legolas could have suffered a miscarriage! "That wouldn't be advisable in my current state," said Legolas in a wicked tone. "Come on, Gimli. Be glad for me." Then he leaned in closer, whispering, "You can be the baby's favorite uncle." "The baby's favorite uncle?" Gimli frowned. "O, yes, I will be her favorite uncle." "Do you think I am pregnant with a girl?" inquired Legolas, amused. "Personally, I am convinced it is a boy." Gimli needed a moment to stomach that. "A miniature version of you?" "And Haldir," added Legolas mischievously. "The gods help us."