the emotion on his face told me that he was sorry. "Séreméla," he began, his voice made my name sound majestic, "Goheno nin. I did not mean to insult you or your beliefs. Sometimes I can be too rash in my decisions, and I always assume that everyone doesn't understand because I am older than most. However, you have surpassed me in age and, it hurts my pride to say this, but you may have surpassed my level of knowledge." I smiled as he pretended to be in pain, "I accept your apology Legolas. You are rash, but so is everyone else. You at least have the right mind to apologies." We bowed to each other as we went into the dinning hall. I sat at my table with Legolas, Gimili, Aragorn, Arwen, and Boromir. I had been seated next to Gimili and Boromir while Legolas was across the table next to Aragorn and Gimili. "My lady," Boromir began, "what made you decide to join our parlous journey?" "The adventure," I replied not wishing to reveal my emotions to everyone. As I looked up from my glass of wine I noticed Legolas smiling with his eyebrows arched. Oh God, in candle light he looked so handsome. "Well, I shall make sure no harm comes to you my lady," Boromir replied cupping his hand over mine. I had no clue how to politely remove his hand, but I had to admit I liked the attention I was getting. It looked like Legolas had his teeth gritted together and I wanted to laugh at his pain, but it would have been rude. "I do not think I shall need protection, Boromir. I am trained in all manner of weapons," I smiled at him. He gave me a puzzled look, but didn't care. Soon after a long time he took his had off of mine, and Legolas started to relax. It felt good to see him calming down he had looked very tense. I had then decided to actually look down at my last mean before I left Rivendell. It was a beautiful sautéed fish with lemons and apples, along with a side of broccoli. Lord Elrond wanted us to miss food as much as possible. Once about half my fish was gone I had become full. Aragorn and Arwen were gone and as I looked around I noted that Elrond was gone too. The Dwarf had been going on about all the mines his family had owned. I could tell Legolas was getting extremely bored because his eyes had a glazed over look to them. I laughed to myself and stood up to excuse myself. It was only seven at night, but I wanted to bathe and pack before nine so I could get a good night sleep. I walked to my room and brought out a lightweight forest green bag that I could wear on my back. I put in a knife sharpener and a brush along with an extra pair of shoes. I then laid out my clothes for the next day. They were a pair of deep green leggings, a pair of brown boots, a forest green undershirt, and a brown pullover with a belt. The pullover went down to mid-thigh so there was no need for any skirts. I made sure that my ring, or my heart, was tight upon my right ring finger. My heart was a silver ring that resembled leaves with an emerald jewel in the middle. Engraved inside the ring was my name. It was given to me when I was born and was specially made for me. It was getting to be eight before I could bathe, so I walked out in the now darkness to go and fill up my pale with warm water from a nearby stream. The bucket was quite heavy so I had to carry it with two hands. Then as I was just about to get into my room someone bumped into my shoulder and I lost my grip on one hand and the water spilled onto the round and onto myself. "Rhaich!" I cried. "Hey!" "Séreméla I can honestly tell you that was an accident," replied Legolas, grabbing to bucket. "My God! I am beginning to think you're bumping into me on purpose so you can get me mad at you," I replied with a slight smile. "Well," he began, "to repay for what I have done I will help you, while you change." I sighed and looked down. One side of my dress was soaked and it was beginning to become see-through. "Just fill up the pale and leave it outside my door, unless it's open bring it in and pour it into the tub." I watched Legolas walk away and then went into my room and closed the door. I slowly began to take off my dress. Goosebumps started to break out all over my flesh as I put on a pair of hoes and a random forest green shirt. I looked horrid, but what did I care? Then I heard a knock on my door and opened it to find Legolas standing there hold three buckets of water. "Show off," I muttered as he walked past me into my room. "First door on the right." He walked in that direction, and I found that the tub was full. "Thanks." "No problem," he replied smiling, bowed and left. I once again stripped out of all my clothes and got into the cool water of the bathtub. I made sure to get all the dirt and grime out of my hair. I scrubbed and scrubbed until it began to hurt. I soon got out and began to get ready for bed; it was time for the women of Middle Earth to make a stand. No longer would be sitting idly by waiting for our lovers to die. I was going to lead this great movement and make women apart of this new are great historic event.