as he had seen in Sauron's keep and this time he knew it wasn't his imagination. Liquid fire swam in Erestor's eyes and he greedily devoured his lover's lips. Erestor's erection pressed against his opening and Glorfindel suddenly realized their problem. "Oil, love. We need oil." Frustrated, Erestor actually released a growl. "Where…?" "Look in my pockets," advised Glorfindel. He usually kept some sandalwood oil close to untangle his wayward hair. Erestor regretted moving off of Glorfindel, but didn't have a choice. What he had always wanted was within reach – Glorfindel would let him take him, and he needed that oil. Glorfindel whistled softly in appreciation, seeing Erestor's firm buttocks as his lover bent down to search the pockets of his breeches. "Don't take too long, you tease." It amazed him how good it felt to reverse roles; it was something he could definitely become used to. Stretching his body, he grabbed a pillow and pushed it beneath his hips, elevating them. "Come here, my love. Don't make me wait," he purred seductively. Erestor hurried back to his lover, almost dropping the phial with oil when he saw the blond in this state of abandon. He had never seen Glorfindel surrender before! "Oh, you are so sweet," whispered Glorfindel, eagerly claiming Erestor's hand and pulling the dark-haired Elf toward him. "Allow me." Having seen Erestor fumble nervously with the phial he judged it best to take over before they ended up with glass shards in their bed. He managed to take hold of the oil, removed the stopper and let a generous amount of the liquid drip onto his lover's erection. "Take me…" Wide-eyed, Erestor allowed Glorfindel to guide him. "No, I should prepare—" Glorfindel shushed Erestor with another kiss. Relaxing his body, he savored the sensation of his lover sliding deeper inside him. "Oh, we should have done this centuries ago. I was such a fool!" He stilled briefly now that Erestor was buried to the hilt to adjust to the bulk inside him. "Don't cry," he whispered, catching his lover's tears on the tips of his fingers. "Please, don't cry." "I cannot help it," panted Erestor softly, "These are tears of joy." He had always wondered how it would feel - being inside his lover - to be a part of Glorfindel and now he knew. Lowering himself onto his elbows, he nuzzled the blond's throat, licking and nibbling softly. "This feels… good." He blanketed the golden-haired Elf with his body, amazed at the fact that he hadn't come yet. Glorfindel wrapped his arms around Erestor and waited for his lover to make eye contact. "Why don't you thrust, love?" "I don't want this to be over – ever." Erestor stared at Glorfindel with large, warm eyes. "I want to stay like this forever." "Meleth? I don't know about you, but some sort of release would be more than welcome." Glorfindel couldn't help himself and raised his hips. Apparently his aim was still perfect as his lover's erection brushed that very pleasurable spot inside him. "Oh, yes." Now that Glorfindel was taking himself, Erestor's own need flared and he thrust experimentally. "Ooooooh…." Glorfindel moaned, thrust back and soon they had established a comfortable rhythm. Raising a hand, he let his fingers comb through his lover's raven hair. "We can be like this forever, Erestor. Time and time again." Finally understanding that things had really changed between them, Erestor nodded and thrust more forcefully, repeatedly rubbing his lover's pleasure gland. Suddenly the tight passage around him contracted and hot cream splashed onto his belly. "You came…" Part of him had wondered if Glorfindel truly enjoyed being on the receiving end, but now he stopped doubting his lover's words. Releasing a triumphant growl, he finally found release and collapsed on top of his lover, letting Glorfindel hold him. But there was one effect neither of them had foreseen. Bright, red – nearly golden—fire erupted inside their minds, driving them toward each other. In a fire fed dance their fëar moved closer, intertwined and only separated once their feelings of ecstasy had worn off. Panting hard, Erestor searched Glorfindel's satiated eyes. "I don't know… what that was…about." Glorfindel, feeling incredibly sated and comfortable, lazily caressed his lover's face. "I had a taste of that before - when you first reached out to me. You left me in ecstasy that first time. Mithrandir said I had gotten a taste of your love, powered by your Istar abilities." "I am too tired to think this over," admitted Erestor, who rolled off of his lover and lay down on his side, watching Glorfindel's dilated pupils and topaz irises. "None of that now, please." He snuggled up to the blond, enjoying being held close as Glorfindel buried him a hug. "Did you really not mind me taking you?" Glorfindel felt pangs of guilt and regret, looking into Erestor's large, questioning eyes. He had made so many mistakes! "I welcomed it. How can you doubt that? We shared an amazingly intense climax together. Do you really think we would have experienced that… fire… if I hadn't been enjoying feeling you inside of me?" "I was just wondering," mumbled Erestor, once more resting his head on Glorfindel's chest. "Because you never wanted to do it this way before." "I was a fool," repeated Glorfindel, kissing the top of Erestor's hair and cursing Sauron for putting these burns onto his lover's flesh. "I didn't know what I had until I lost you. I vow I will never push you away ever again." "I like that," mumbled Erestor in a sleepy tone. Finally finding peace of mind in Glorfindel's arms, he slipped into a restful sleep. Sleep however eluded Glorfindel for a very long time, but he found some measure of comfort in the fact that he had managed to reclaim his lover. Now he only had to fully convince Erestor that things were different - better - between them from now on! TBC in Interlude- Helms Deep.