Earwen, but to claim her place as one of the great elves in Arda grew with each passing day of the journey. Even the decision of her father to turn back did not perturb her. "Artanis, numa!" "No Ada, I must continue!" her eyes burned fervently, facing Finarfin in the eye. "I have seen it, Ada. Should I turn back, I would marry, have elfings, and be no more than your beloved daughter. Should I continue..." "The road is fraught with danger, Artanis. Do not test the Valar's patience! They have given us a road to forgiveness, return with me Artane, saes." "Fingon will be with me, Ada, as Orodreth, Aegnor, Angrob," she saw her father's saddened face as he faces the prospect of losing all of his children. "I seek your blessings, Ada." After a long silence, he said "May you find what you seek, and that its' worth is equal to the sacrifice that you will make," and he held her close, tears running down his cheeks. Artanis was his final hope, and with her decision the separation of his children from him was complete. Her brothers have sworn to continue the night before. Earwen came to her tent the night before she followed her husband return to their home, bringing with her a small wooden box. "Naneth?" She sat beside her daughter, expressionless and somewhat sad. "I wish to speak with you, daughter." "I won't change my mind, I wish to proceed with the journey," she said swiftly. Earwen cupped her daughter's cheek in one hand. "I see great sorrow for you, Artane. I fear for the worst that might happen." "All parents' worries borders on the lacking and the dangers, and not for the benefits." Her will was adamant. "Ah, but you are young," she smiled sadly. "However, you are never known to back down from a challenge, are you Artane?" sighing, "I also see trials that when you succeed, you will reap greatness from." Earwen handed her one and only daughter the small wooden box. "What is this?" "Open it," she smiled. Inside the box lay a silver circlet, encrusted with glittering diamonds. "Naneth, this is..." passed from Mother to daughter and worn on their marriage ceremony, it was her Mother's family heirloom. "And now it is yours," she closed the box in Artanis's hands gently. "Keep it safe, and when the day comes, wear it well. May the one your heart chooses know of my love to my daughter." "Naneth?" "Yes, pen-neth." "I love you, and I love Ada," reminiscence of times long past when she was still an elfing, she hugged her mother, tears finally flowing down her cheeks. "I love you too, meleth nin." The first time she was ever away from her Ada and Naneth was the Great Journey. They took one last look at her, and never looked back. Neither did she, nor her brothers. Earwen's words were true, as her Ada's. She has found what she sought, of which she sought at great and bitter price. The Noldor is cursed. Celeborn came into her life, giving her strength when she faltered. They married under the starlight, and she liked to think that her parents were under the same sky when she uttered her vows to cleave to him. Finrod was lost. Her brothers faded into the tapestry of time, one by one dying from either battle wounds of various skirmishes fought against the Dark enemy. She was alone. She cannot go home. - In year TA 3021, on September 29th, The Three Keepers of the Elven Rings departed from the Grey Havens to sail to the Undying Lands, Galadriel having been given permission by the Valar to return. ----- The ship's sails billowed in the breeze, the golden sun cheerfully bidding them welcome. Elves, mariners mostly were busily unloading the ship's contents, what belongings deemed dear enough to bring from Arda to stay forevermore in Valinor. The hustle and bustle of jovial banter in between the carrying of crates or the captain's bellows keeping order in the seemingly confusing transaction almost drowned the thoughts in her mind. She misses Celeborn deeply; he would definitely have opinions on this seeming disorderliness. She smiled at the memory of him exercising his 'lordly powers'. Maybe the alternative line of thought isn't appropriate, but... Then, her eyes went wide suddenly; mixed emotions prevailed in her heart. The golden figure clad in a white cloak who stood on the deck almost disbelieving the sight that she beheld. There stood her Ada and Naneth, unshed tears in their eyes. Standing right beside Naneth was Finrod, smiling indulgently at her as he always had, and Angrob, Orodreth, Aegnor! "Artanis!" She gracefully walked as if floating to her family, belying her excitement. She stopped two steps away from them as she looked at them, her heart aching in centuries of pent-up yearning and flew into her Naneth's waiting arms. 'Home, I am finally home.' - We said not much, but I saw it in their eyes, forever, always, I'll be in their hearts. We were constantly at odds, they could barely understand, but they'd cheer me from beginning till the end. -------- I was rebellious, I was fey, we had some crazy rollercoaster ride, no matter how difficult they'd still try, and tell me that my sins are forgiven, told me to let my heart guide my way, and told me of the sea's inconsistent tide, no few times I ask myself why, I act this way, their intentions questioned, I remember still the words they say, and the sorrow they tried to hide, when I packed my things and said goodbye, it was my time to walk on my own, We said not much, but I saw it in their eyes, forever, always, I'll be in their hearts. We were constantly at odds, they could barely understand, but they'd cheer me from beginning till the end. Edited : With many thanks to Inglor on Elvish grammar!