music echoing within the heart of Arda…your trees delve deep in them, live because of them, your trees eat stones, you fool, and sing of them, too! "Dad! Look! I found him! Mr. Lauren, he's here! " a high-pitched voice shouted in delight right behind the four elves. A small boy with curled reddish hair was pointing at Maglor and looking back to the entrance of the patio, where a tall, dark haired man and a red haired woman were unsuccessfully waving the child to return to them. "Dr. Feldman," Maglor said then, releasing Thranduil's wrist and standing up, a forced smile upon his face. Almost immediately, the child hung from his arm and took him before his parents, much to Maglor's friend's amazement. "Please, accept my apologies, Mr. Lauren, " Dr. Feldman was saying, "George was very impressed by your words yesterday and he's been harassing me all morning because he wanted to learn the name of that sheep you mentioned..." Maglor's amused laughter rang through the patio. "The sheep that provided the wool for my trousers? The child nodded seriously, looking up expectantly. "Her name's Lossë, child," Maglor said, then, crouching until his face was level with the child's. "Lossë," the child repeated thoughtfully. "Do you mind if I put that name to my sheep back home?" he asked seriously. That elicited another amused laughter from the elf. "On the contrary, she'll be honoured... does she provide you with wool, too?" "He's fostering a herd of sheep in the hamlet were we're living, " Dr. Feldman chimed in, as Maglor ruffled the child's hair affectionately, "he might have wool to dress up the whole tribe, Apologies again Mr. Lauren, for interrupting your meal, but I'm glad to have the chance to congratulate you again. I entered your website today, I found a list of projects at "Green Watchers", I hope that was what you meant..." "Yes, Green Watchers is a sister site, it is me who apologizes, Dr. Feldman, I couldn't stay until the end, but your presentation was very powerful, and your truths so obvious for those who would listen… " "If they only would," the man sighed, " anyway, it was very refreshing to hear your approach, and I'm most impressed by your organization's activities. Oh, this is my wife, Susan," "Glad to meet you, Mr. Lauren," the woman said with a deep smile, offering him her hand. "I cannot tell you how much we appreciated your words yesterday, it was a ray of hope in the middle of such discouraging meeting…" "Anyway, this I my card, please, do not hesitate to contact me if I can be of any assistance to you, your organization or your projects, there are never enough people like you, and It is good to know you're out there…" Dr. Feldman chimed in again. "Look Dad, another basilisk!" the child was getting restless now that he's curiosity had been satisfied and was pulling at his fathers' shirt, pointing at the centre of the piazza. "Obelisk, George! " he smiled kindly and shook Maglor's hand again. "You see, we're collecting obelisks… and you were about to have lunch. Thanks again, Mr. Lauren, you can never guess what a difference your words made to me... Keep in touch! " Dr. Feldman almost shouted, following his son to the crowded square. "He loves his job and he believes in what he's fighting for," Dr. Feldman's wife told Maglor hurriedly, holding his hand between hers, an earnest look on her deep green eyes, "but at times the weight is too much to carry alone…Listening to your words yesterday helped him regain hope, Mr. Lauren... and enthusiasm, and I'm most deeply thankful to you for that! If there's ever anything we can do to help your organization, please, call us…" "He's not alone, Susan," Maglor sighed, returning the comforting pressure to her hand "And he'll never be…" She waved him goodbye and crossed the busy piazza to join her family, and Maglor watched them for a moment, trying to regain his self-control. "We could enlist him right now, poor man," Daeron was saying as he returned to their table. "Sit, Maglor, you don't want your ravioli to get cold! " "We need him where he is now," Celeborn sighed, not looking at Maglor. "He is needed where he is now. I'm sure he'll be among the first to receive longevity treatment, and he'll be able to make paramount contributions to earth science before joining us…" "And what if he refuses?" Daeron was excelling at his self-appointed role of official appeaser of the murderous Noldo, as he called himself in less strained occasions. "Then, we'll have to pay him a visit and tell him a tale or two," Celeborn added simply, savouring the exquisite pasta. "So," Maglor finally said with an apparently unconcerned voice, leaning forth and removing his sunglasses, "What about that ecological underwear on-line sale, Daeron, you never got to explain us what my percentage should be…" Celeborn smiled inwardly, drinking another long draught of beer, as Thranduil looked around wildly, completely baffled by the subject, and Daeron launched into an amusingly detailed account of his next project. Maglor's eyes met his, and Celeborn nodded silently. The cloud had passed, fortunately, leaving behind the usual sadness and a new hope. They were making a difference indeed, and that was comforting in a way. They would make it to the bitter end, he knew, and that was drawing near, he could feel it in the air, in the hurried pace of things. Maglor was right, he thought, watching his friends ease away the last threads of bitterness and anger. The stones were the foundations and the soil was the key. " A stone and a tree, my lady," he thought wistfully, " a fitting imagery indeed!" Note: (1) I had promised myself to dispense with footnotes, but just in case, Maglor's mother name is Makalaurë, which, I believe, sounds reasonably and recognizably close to Malcolm Lauren…