a few of their men waited ashore. "It's alright," Faramir gasped, though his own body felt like it was on fire, "We live yet. It's not far to shore. Lean on me . . ." But even wounded, exhausted, and half-drowned, Boromir had always been stronger than his brother. By the time they reached the shoreline, it was he who carried Faramir along, bearing the bulk of his weight until strong arms reached out to pull them to dry land. Faramir paused in his tale. He stared out at the water's surface, now still save for soft ripples. The frantic battle of five years past was now no more than rusting metal and old bones collected on its bottom. Aragorn waited patiently, his face betraying nothing. He knew most of this tale, Faramir knew. He had heard it from Boromir's own lips in Imladris and recently read the full account in the archives, in preparation for this day's ceremony. Faramir slowly opened his hand and stared down once more at the bent cloak pin. He'd clutched it so tightly that it had nearly pierced his palm. White lines now crisscrossed his skin, turning an angry red, even as he watched. "But when we reached shore," he continued with difficulty, "I grew suddenly furious with Boromir. He knew well the consequences of a fall into water while armored, but he'd worn the breastplate, he'd felled the bridge, he'd jumped into the Anduin all the same." He swallowed hard. "It made no sense to feel that way. I knew full well the risks we all had to take in battle. I couldn't even fault him for destroying the bridge, though I knew that not all of our men survived its fall. I learned the full toll later; twelve of us still stood when the catapults launched. Two others survived, besides Boromir and me. Eight drowned or were crushed. But, had the orcs taken the bridge, we would have lost so many more." The words soured in his mouth even as he spoke them. He imagined the ghosts of Osgiliath gazing out at him in reproach. He'd known their names: Faron and Laerchen, Maegron and Rochir and so many others besides. He stared into the water and reminded himself that his regrets could only cheapen their sacrifice. "It made no sense, but I was furious with Boromir, all the same. So, I latched onto the one bit of perceived folly that I could find—his heavy armor. I made him swear that he'd never be so foolish again. That he'd never wear plate armor if there was a chance he could fall into water." He stared out into the brightening mists. The sun would be rising soon. "He laughed. He'd already shaken off the fear and pain. 'If it will set your mind at ease, Faramir,' he told me, 'Then I promise. I swear it.'" His jaw clenched. He resisted the urge to clutch the pin tightly once more and feel it dig into his flesh. "And then you told me of Amon Hen. A journey by boat, a riverside battle, archers in the woods . . . and Boromir did not have his breastplate." For long moments, both men were silent. There was so much more Faramir wanted to say—so much more blame that should be laid. It was his dream, after all. It was the urgency of his words that had driven Boromir north, when Faramir should have gone in his place. It was the elder who should be Steward now, and the younger who should be bones in a riverbed . . . but even after half a decade, those wounds were still too deep and too fresh. Though Aragorn might suspect his guilt, this was the one burden he was not yet ready to part with. When it was clear that Faramir would speak no more, Aragorn filled the silence with gentle words. "Many leagues, we traveled. Over mountains and under them. By foot and by boat through days and nights that seemed endless. No Man could travel so far bearing armor. Even Gimli wore only a bit of chainmail. And the strongest plate would not have stopped the darts of the orcs." He paused. "It was not his word to you, Faramir, that led to his death." Faramir swallowed hard. "I . . . I know. I told you it was folly to be troubled." "No," his King shook his head sadly, "It is natural. It is human. Because though you may know better, you've not truly accepted the truth. Only time will allow that." Faramir chanced a glance at Aragorn's face, and found it shadowed. It was clear he spoke from experience, and painful experience, at that. Which wounds, Faramir wondered, still cut deep enough to trouble the King? Was it terrible to hope that somewhere among the ghosts haunting Elessar's thoughts, Faramir might find his brother? That somewhere between Aragorn's many cares, he still spared a thought for a son of Gondor who died so far from grace and so far from home? Aragorn met his gaze. He closed his hand gently around Faramir's, bending his fingers lightly around the pin. "And while you wait for time to heal you, you must remind yourself of the truth. As often as need be, whenever doubt creeps in, you must tell yourself again. Carry this truth with you like a talisman, and in time, the doubt will fade." He paused. "Boromir's death was not your fault." His throat tight, his heart heavy with burdens spoken and unspoken, Faramir could only nod. Aragorn clasped his shoulder, and moved away, giving him the space he needed. When the King was out of earshot, the Steward swallowed hard. He cleared his throat and blinked away the moisture that, for some reason, had settled in his eyes. His voice was a quavering whisper, heard only by the river. "It wasn't my fault." The only answer was the soft murmur of the Anduin. Fin