an old saying. Besides, I was speaking only of the dakheel from my grandmother's stories." "Were you?" Ayman said nothing. "What if the king doesn't hear the clamor?" The healer asked, softly and rhetorically. "What if he hears instead a thousand individual melodies? How, then, can he silence them?" He tied off the last stitch and began to rinse Umar's shortened arm with clean water. Ayman placed his hand on Umar's chest, counting the steady beats of his heart. "You Gondorians idolize your king," he said with a hint of scorn, "But, he is only a man." "Yes," the other man agreed as he pulled the bloodied sheet from under his patient's arm and rolled it in his hands, "He is. Umar will wake soon. Will you stay with him until then? I will be just outside. Call out if his breathing stops." Ayman shrugged, but lowered himself to sit on the stool the other man had vacated. He was running out of chances to ask the question that had been nagging him. "Why did you ask for me?" he said at last, "Surely, you could have brought your own assistant." The healer did not look up from the basin where he was washing his hands. "Umar was distrustful of me. Having one of his own people present helped to allay his fear." "There are better healers than me, even in the prison camp." "I'd heard you acquitted yourself well. And I wanted to see what kind of man you were." He looked up at last, with words seemingly on the tip of his tongue, but Ayman cut him off. "Something is wrong." Umar breathed still, but his breaths had become short, shallow, and very quick. The healer was at his side in a moment. He pressed his ear against the unconscious man's chest. "It's the poppy," he said, his voice, like before, carrying only the faintest note of urgency, "It keeps him from breathing as deeply as he should." He pressed down on the man's breastbone, compressing his chest, but as soon as he released it, the rapid rhythm began again. Umar's face held a faint gray tinge. The healer turned away and strode quickly to the counter where his herbs were laid out. "Do something!" Ayman snapped. He suited his own actions to words by leaning down, sealing his lips over Umar's, and blowing into his lungs. The air moved easily and Umar's color improved a little, but each time Ayman paused, his patient's chest resumed its stuttering, useless movement. He was so intent on his task that he did not at first notice when the usual sickroom smells were replaced by the scent of spices and sandalwood. The healer returned, bearing a steaming basin and a few rags. With a hand on Ayman's shoulder, he gently steered him away and took his place beside Umar's head. Ayman stared at the basin in his hands. Though he could still hear the pounding of his own heart, a sense of calm seemed to radiate from the Gondorian with each breath that he took. The healer lifted two dripping rags. He placed one over Umar's forehead and the other on his chest. Nothing changed. Umar's chest rose and fell like that of a frightened mouse. What little color he'd regained drained from his face once more. As Ayman had, the healer lowered his head and breathed into the man's lungs. Umar's chest inflated, but as soon as the Gondorian released him, it fell flat again. The man shook his head. "This herb will help, but he has to breathe it in. Otherwise, it does no good." He hesitated, then seemed to reach a decision. Lifting one large hand, he clamped it over Umar's mouth and nose. Ayman's slowing heart rate suddenly reversed direction. "Stop it!" he gasped, "Let him breathe!" He'd seen healers do this before, after all—in dark and desperate hours, when it was known that their patient had no hope of recovery and that death would be long and painful. He tried to shove the Gondorian aside, but he might as well have tried to uproot the cornerstone of Ecthelion's Tower. "Let him go! You're killing him!" The healer held Ayman at bay with one hand, but his eyes were fixed on Umar. His face was intent, as if he were carefully keeping time. For a moment, the unconscious man was still. Then his chest began to strain, fighting the hand that denied it breath. The healer stayed frozen for what felt like a lifetime but was probably only a few heartbeats. Then he released him. Breath blew out of Umar in a rush. For half a second, he was still. Then, his chest inflated like a bellows. A second breath followed the first—just as deep and just as slow. As he breathed in clean air and soothing vapors, color returned to his face once more. Ayman felt his own breaths slowing, an inexorable peace descending. The healer placed one hand over the rag on Umar's forehead. With the other hand, he felt the pulse in his neck and nodded in satisfaction. "I am sorry for alarming you," he told Ayman, "Poppy can make the body forget its need for breath. Sometimes it needs but a reminder." Ayman didn't respond. He was staring at the healer and breathing in scents from hundreds of miles away—an aroma that had no business appearing in a Gondorian sickroom. As he breathed, he dwelled on half-remembered childhood tales about an herb that could smell like anything or nothing, about healing that muddied the boundary between medicine and magic. With Umar looking a thousand times better, the healer turned once again towards the door. "Who are you?" Ayman called out suddenly. The man turned. His lips curved in an enigmatic smile. "Stay with this man a while longer, Ayman," he said, "He is out of danger now." And then he was gone. Fin Author's Note: Thanks for reading! Feedback and concrit are welcome.