few drops of coconut water down the man's throat and gently lowered his head to the pallet. The movement shifted his tunic, and I again glimpsed a dark string around the man's neck. Hesitantly, I tugged at the embroidered collar, exposing a beaded bag secured around his neck by a leather thong. Moving slowly so as not to wake the man from his delirium, I pulled the pouch free and lifted it over his head. It was a tiny thing; the bag fit easily into the palm of my hand. Curious, I reached for the drawstring. Footsteps and the sound of a door being pulled open diverted my attention. My father stood in the doorway holding a basin of water, a dark figure at his side. I sprang to my feet. It took a moment to recognize the veiled, black-robed figure as my mother; I had seen her cover herself on only a handful of occasions. I offered the pouch to my father. "He had this around his neck." He took it and dumped a small, silvery object onto his palm. Father held the object up to the light and let out a low whistle. Peering at it closely, I immediately understood the stranger's need to keep it concealed. The object was a large silver ring, carefully engraved and set with small precious stones. My father's voice was slightly awestruck. "He must be someone important—a noble, even. Look, are those emeralds?" My mother was not so easily impressed. She gave a low snort. "Glass and gilt paint, more likely." She advanced on the unconscious stranger cautiously, as though he were a wild animal. Her tone was speculative. "Now, those clothes—they might have been worth something. Look at the embroidery on that tunic. Pity it's ruined." When the stranger did not react to her voice, Mother's apprehension seemed to fade. She knelt at his side and lifted his arm, inspecting it with a critical eye. "He must have wrapped it himself. Well, he knows his bandaging, at least." Her deft, gentle fingers gave lie to the brusque tone in her voice as she carefully unwound the crude bandage. It looked as if the stranger had simply wound the strip of cloth over his shirt, allowing the sleeve to form the first bandage layer. Drawing a small knife, Mother carefully cut and tugged away the ruined sleeve, revealing a deep, ragged gash that reached from the outside of his elbow to mid-forearm. "It's not a battle wound," Mother said at last as she steeped a clean cloth in water to clean the wound, "He most likely fell and struck it on a rock." I stared at a wound so deep bone showed through. "What kind of rock leaves does that kind of damage?" My parents exchanged a significant look. "None found here," my father said softly. I looked at the stranger, hearing again childhood tales of mountain rocks edged with razor and remembering my father's earlier words. "Ephel Dúath?"* I breathed. "Perhaps." My mother brushed a hand across the man's brow. What little I could see of her brow was wrinkled in concern. "This is not ordinary desert sickness, nor even infection. He burns hot, then flashes cold. And, the air is cool now, he should not still be sweating." My father runs a worried hand through his beard. "I have heard of such symptoms. They are common among those who walk in the Lord's land without leave."** For long moments, my mother didn't respond. Under the heavy black veil, her eyes were even more difficult than usual to read. Finally, she lifted the damp cloth and began to carefully sponge away blood. "This wound is about three days old, but there's no sign of swelling, so he may have escaped infection. If he is to survive, though, we must remedy the loss of water. Hakim, bring up three more coconuts from the cellar, then go help your sister with the milking." I recognized the dismissal in her voice. With strange reluctance, I turned and trudged toward the cellar. I never heard the conversation that followed. / "Have I angered you, Asima?" "I would not call it anger, Azzam. I simply cannot believe that you would put us all in danger by harboring this . . . foreigner." "You know the old customs, my wife; a traveler in need must be given succor." "I know the customs. I also know that they were not developed with armed Gondorian warriors in mind." "Now, really, Asima, you speak as if you expect him to murder us all in our sleep!" "Don't you? What reason does a decent man have for being so far from his homeland so armed? For spying on the Dark Lord's own land? Azzam, this man is dangerous!" "I . . . I know." "Then why did you bring him here? The war has nothing to do with us, why expose us to a Gondorian warrior?" "I couldn't . . . I couldn't leave him there. Not with Kalima watching. Perhaps I should have simply eased his passing, but . . . I could not do so in front of our daughter . . ." "He sleeps for now. And, he burns yet. Perhaps the Mordor illness will yet undo your folly." A/N: The Haradric culture I depict in this fic was derived from a variety of desert-dwelling societies. They are not meant to represent any particular existing culture. For simplicity's sake, though, the Haradric names and a handful of Haradric words are translated into Arabic by the same magic that translates Westron into English. *The mountain range on the southern border of Mordor. Literally Sindarin for "outer fence" (from the Encyclopedia of Arda) **He has the Black Breath. Since we know that Mordor was at times defended by armies of men, it is reasonable to assume the Nazgûl have ways of shielding their allies from the malady, thus the father's conception that it afflicts only those who trespass in Mordor.