drained to do anything but stand. And before long, he did not have the strength even for that. The ground seemed to rock beneath him. He swayed. The next strike knocked him solidly off his feet. As he swung from his wrists, he could not quite stifle a groan. He should get up, he knew. He would . . . just as soon as the world stopped spinning. Aragorn watched the floorboards swing beneath his feet and waited for the next strike. It didn't come. He didn't notice when the belt fell to the floor or when the other man stepped around him, but after a moment, the tension in the chain released and he fell heavily to his knees. Trickles of sweat worked their way down his back, stinging where the skin was broken and mingling with his blood. When he sensed Azzam squatting before him, Aragorn lifted his head and met his gaze. The other man had been reaching for Aragorn's manacled hands where they still hung from the lowered hook. When he saw the look on Aragorn's face, though, he visibly flinched and drew back. For long moments, they were at an impasse. Azzam did not meet Aragorn's gaze or make any move to touch him, but neither did he step back. Aragorn kept his head up and his eyes sharp and steady, though black spots were nibbling at the edges of his vision. He kept Azzam at arm's length by force of will, lest he discover the other man had some new cruelty in store. At last, Azzam spoke without looking at him. "It is over, Dakheel," his voice was quiet, "You have my word." And Aragorn heard the truth in his words. Reluctantly, his mind acknowledged what his eyes had already noted: the obvious remorse etched into the lines of Azzam's face. He bowed his head and took a deep breath, trying to regain control over his storm of emotions. What had been done could not be undone, he knew. There was nothing to gain, now, by making Azzam fear him. With the last of his strength, he forced his helpless rage down, to die a quiet death beneath a calm exterior. When he looked up again, his eyes were soft. Azzam hesitated a moment more, then reached up to lift Aragorn's chained hands off of the hook. Free of the hateful contraption at last, Aragorn swayed, but weathered, calloused hands braced his shoulders, not letting him fall. As he had done before on more than one occasion, Azzam cupped the back of his neck and lifted a waterskin to his lips. "Drink . . . easy, not too fast . . ." Even so, he let Aragorn drink nearly half the skin before he pulled away. "That was only a belt," Azzam said quietly—almost sadly, "The sort of whip fathers use on unruly sons. In a few days, your body will scarcely remember it." Aragorn's head lolled. He felt spent—utterly wrung out. Even the lingering pain in his back paled in comparison to his weariness. He let himself be guided the few steps back to his pallet to lie, face down on the straw. "Slave drivers use horse whips. They can strip the flesh right off a man's bones. I've seen it." Aragorn pillowed his head on his arms and managed, one more time, to catch Azzam's gaze. He saw something there that pulled him abruptly out of his growing stupor: sincerity. Azzam, he saw in an instant, truly believed that what he'd just done was for Aragorn's own good. Azzam still thought he was saving him. Aragorn swallowed hard. He had to do something, he knew—had to say something if only to dissuade the man from resorting to ever more drastic methods of persuasion. Then, Azzam lifted a dripping wet rag and sponged gently over Aragorn's back. The water was fresh and cool and more soothing than it had any right to be. And Aragorn decided. This man was strange to him—full of pride and wrath with his sense of justice twisted and bent from years under Sauron's thumb, but he had saved Aragorn's life twice. He would save it again if he only knew how. He deserved at least a partial truth. "Azzam," he croaked. The man of Harad made an encouraging noise as he continued his ministrations. Aragorn swallowed. "I could tell you my name," he said at last, "I could give you one name and the Steward of Gondor himself would give you any ransom you asked for. A name and a title, and even the Steward's heir—a man with no love for me—would be honor-bound to seek my release." He ran his tongue along his lips, tasting blood where he'd bitten them without realizing it. "But if a spy of Sauron heard the name I could give you, all would be lost. You would be punished for giving me succor and for concealing my existence. And I . . . I would be taken to Barad-dûr. Where, if there is any mercy in the world, I would not long survive." A tremor worked its way up his body. The other man placed a steadying hand on his shoulder. "Please don't ask me again, Azzam. Every time you do, it grows more difficult to resist." For long moments, Azzam was silent. Aragorn knew he'd said enough; Azzam would not risk the wrath of Sauron falling on his family. But, had he said too much? "I looked to save you," Azzam said at last. His voice was now infinitely sad. "I know," Aragorn whispered. For a moment, the only sounds were the patter of rain and Aragorn's labored breathing. "I am sorry, Dakheel, for what I've done," Azzam whispered, his voice breaking, "And sorrier still for what I must do." Aragorn closed his eyes and took a slow breath. "Under Shadow, all choices seem evil," he said quietly, "I forgive you." And he was startled to find that he meant it.