his presence in Harad. It would be better if the girl's father never learned that he was here. He ran his thumb slowly over Narya, hearing the gentle echoes of Celebrimbor's strength. They had put pieces of themselves into their works—those great Elven smiths. That kind of power left a certain resonance behind, for those who knew how to listen. It mattered not whether the ring in question was one of the Three or a simple trinket. Gandalf closed his eyes and listened, humming softly as he did so. There. He heard a subtle counterpoint to Narya's stronger tones—he was almost sure of it. And unless someone had cast a millennia-old Elf-crafted ring into the empty, red earth, it could only be coming from the ruined estate. He made a mental note to tease Aragorn for losing something he much treasured. He didn't let himself consider that perhaps Aragorn would never again have need of the Ring of Barahir. He needed to be certain. Gandalf waited, concealed by the growing dark and the crest of a ridge, until no more light shone through the coverings on any of the windows. Then, he waited a few hours more, just to be safe. Farmers normally slept with the sun, but there was no reason to take unnecessary chances. When the house had been utterly still for over two hours, Gandalf crept down the hill, past a barn of rough brick, and up a beaten dirt path to the house's front door. The door was locked, but it opened at a whispered word. In the entryway, he bent and carefully pulled his boots off. In his stocking feet, he was nearly silent. Hobbits were onto something there. He dared not risk a light, but he little needed one. The echoes of Finrod's craftsmanship were stronger here. He followed them down a tiled hallway, paused before a certain door, and pushed it soundlessly open. Soft moonbeams illuminated the small room beyond, falling over furniture and bedclothes and the sleeping face of a Man. Gandalf stood stock still for a moment, but the figure slept on in his narrow bed. Studying him more closely, he realized this might not be a man in the strictest sense of the word. Rather, it was a boy—a youth, perhaps only a year or two from majority. This, then, must be the brother the little girl had mentioned. Hakim. Gandalf approached silently and brushed a hand over the lad's forehead. He would sleep more deeply, now, and Gandalf could risk a bit of light. With such a small chamber, his search took only a few brief minutes. The chest at the foot of the boy's bed held only some clothes, a few poor treasures, and a ring worth more than the rest of the house combined. The soft light from his staff glinted off a scrap of silver. Gandalf picked it up and rolled it in his palm. It made a soft clinking noise where it tapped against Narya. He closed his fingers over it. He was stalling. He had the proof he needed—had had that proof since the girl's eyes had first lit up at the sight of the Dúnedain pin. Aragorn had been here. Now he was gone, and it was past time Gandalf was on his way as well. Opening his hand once more, he realized that he couldn't simply take the Ring of Barahir with him, though that might seem at first glance to be the safest option. This family might notice its absence, after all, and report it missing. The last thing they needed was for the servants of Sauron to hear a detailed description of this particular token. Lifting the ring to his lips, he whispered a few chosen words. Now, he could leave it and, with luck, it would simply escape notice. This boy and his parents would not forget its existence, but it would not easily rise to mind unless something first reminded them of it. Hopefully, that would prevent them from pawning it off to fix their roof or buy a new goat. Back in the hallway, he paused one more time. Tentatively, he reached out and touched an adobe wall, feeling dust and powder under his hands. Yet, when he lifted his fingertips to his nose, the dust smelled like nothing so much as the clear mountain air of Taniquetil. Athelas. Aragorn had been here. He was at the front door, doing his best not to hop while pulling on his boots, when a thought occurred to him. For him to have smelled even a faint whiff of kingsfoil so long after Aragorn's departure was no coincidence. Aragorn must have woken the herb, calling forth its power to aid him in healing, as he occasionally did when the need was great. What was it about this family, Gandalf wondered, that he had gone to such lengths for them? And did it avail him at all, in the end? He shook his head and put on his hat as he stepped out into the night air. If he was clever and his friend was lucky, Aragorn might yet live to tell him the whole story. Fin Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed this little tale! Reviews and concrit make my heart sing. A few notes on the Silmarillion-era lore Gandalf keeps referencing: Celebrimbor—the Elven smith who crafted all of the Rings of Power with the exception of the One. When Sauron declared himself, Celebrimbor hid the Three Elven rings, including Narya, the Ring of Fire, which was eventually given to Gandalf. Finrod Felagund—a First Age Elven lord. He crafted a ring bearing the symbol of his father's house and gave it to Barahir as a token. It was inherited by Barahir's son, Beren, and eventually became an heirloom of Isildur's line. Taniquetil—the Holy Mountain bordering Valinor where Manwё and Varda sit on their thrones. Few in Middle-Earth have ever seen the Blessed Realm, much less set foot on its highest mountain.