first, but they quickly warmed to him after Aragorn somehow saved a Man whose lungs had begun to seize. Before long, they were approaching him with especially complicated cases. Arandur frequently caught Ivorwen watching out of the corner of her eye, her expression suggesting that she was impressed, but not altogether surprised. As the dawn approached, even Arandur let go of his misgivings. Aragorn seemed so perfectly composed and self-assured, even when he was wrist-deep in gore. Perhaps, Arandur mused later, that was why no one noticed when he first began to falter. In the flickering lamplight, it wasn't immediately apparent when his face began to drain of blood. When his hands began to tremble slightly, it seemed only natural. When he stood after stitching a knife wound and staggered slightly, Arandur frowned and moved to intervene, but Ivorwen stopped him with a firm shake of her head. He held his peace, but it was now clear to him that Aragorn was losing strength, and fast. The young Man's jaw was set in a hard line. He no longer murmured reassurances to his patients, but bent over his work with single-minded determination. The other Men began to notice. They watched the young Chieftain, their eyes frank and evaluative, and whispered to one another whenever he was out of earshot. It happened just after he finished changing a bloodied bandage; Aragorn pulled himself to his feet, stumbled, swayed, and came crashing back to the ground, splashing himself with an entire basin of grimy water in the process. A Man on the other side of the tent grinned wickedly. Several more stifled groans, as if their prize horse had just lost a race. Coin purses emerged like magic, and within seconds, handfuls of copper and silver were making their way towards the smiling Man. Arandur noted all these details out of the corner of his eye and made a mental note to find appropriate punishments for the gamblers. As soon as he was sure that Aragorn was alright. He reached his side just as Gilraen's son was beginning to stir. "Don't get up yet." Arandur lifted his nephew's head and raised a cup to his lips. "You overcommitted." Aragorn sipped the water and managed a smile that was as sheepish as it was weak. "And unbalanced myself." Ivorwen knelt on his other side and lifted a hand to his face, first checking his forehead and then taking his pulse, all while tutting disapprovingly. "Hmm, you're weak as a newborn kitten, but I doubt there's anything seriously wrong with you. Next time, Grandson, try to lie down before your body makes the decision for you." "Good advice. Yes, I'll do that. I think . . ." Ivorwen turned to Arandur, relief and amusement putting a sparkle in her eyes. "He needs rest only . . . well, rest and privacy after that display, don't you think?" Arandur kept his face carefully humorless. "My tent is just outside. He can rest there." As they half-guided, half-carried Aragorn out to the smaller tent, Arandur shot glares at a few of his Men, letting them know that their days of inappropriate wagers were numbered. It helped; thinking of reprimands and punishment details took his mind off of what he had just seen. He could almost forget the cold clench in his heart that he'd felt when Aragorn fell. He stood outside his tent in the pre-dawn light. Behind him, the sentries kept their silent vigil. All else was still, save for the earliest chirps of the morning songbirds. His mother and his nephew were visible as shadows against the side of the tent—silhouetted by the lamp behind them. Aragorn sat, his shoulders hunched wearily, his hands cradling a basin in his lap. Ivorwen knelt at his side and stitched his arm, no doubt murmuring nonsense to him as she always did while practicing her craft. Aragorn nodded from time to time, his head bent over the bowl as he breathed slowly and deeply. A stray tendril of wind carried a puff of air out under the canvas. Arandur breathed deep and felt a hard lump settle in his throat. He hadn't truly smelled athelas since Arathorn had died. As Ivorwen stood and prepared to leave, Arandur banished all emotion from his face. As she emerged, Aragorn finally, heavily, laid himself down to sleep. "You knew," Arandur said as his mother turned to face him. His voice was hard, but quiet. "You knew he was reaching the limits of his strength and you would not let me intervene." "Of course I knew," she responded brusquely, "Any healer can reach their limits, even without losing a pint of their own blood along the way." "So, why let him collapse?" "Because I wanted him to encounter those limits and see them for what they are." She untied her sleeves with fingers that almost shook, and for the first time Arandur noticed the weariness that lined her face. "Tell me, Arandur, when he comes upon a battlefield with a thousand dying Men or rides into a village stricken by plague, will I be there to be his nursemaid? Will you? He has to learn for himself what is and isn't within his own strength if he is to have any chance." Arandur sighed. "I suppose you're right. I only thought . . . If I could just get him through the battle . . ." "That he would be safe?" Ivorwen's face softened. "Our Chieftains fight on two fronts. And this war will still be here, long after the last orcs are gone." She walked away, returning to her fellows and their endless battle, but, Arandur couldn't help but linger. He kept watch beside the tent, his gaze on the sleeping figure, until the first rays of morning light caught his eyes and hid the Chieftain from his view. Fin *Gwenyr: Sindarin for "sworn brothers," in this case referring to Elladan and Elrohir Reviews are wonderful. Concrit is especially wonderful.