grounds slippery with blood and bowels. The little Dúnadan will experience such things for himself all too soon. Wait a while. Let his innocence remain. "They were just in time because the Lady was in a bad way. A person can't live long without their soul, and hers was rushing away with the river. The Warriors scooped her up and bore her back to her Beloved by the waterfall." Celebrían spent the journey in a fevered haze. She didn't realize she'd been rescued. She screamed and cursed at Elladan and Elrohir, thinking they were the orcs who tormented her. She cried out with every jostle of the horse. The journey took three days. "Her Beloved was heartbroken when he saw his Lady, for the light was all gone and she was withered and fading. He tried everything to save her, but nothing could bring back the light. Desperate to save the Lady's life, her Beloved did what no one has done before or since; he made a hole in his own glass breast and allowed a piece of his soul to leak out into the Silver Queen's dark, failing body. Though the light dimmed in him, in grew and sparkled in his love, and he was glad of it." This was the truest part of the tale. Elrond did not sleep in the month after Elladan and Elrohir brought Celebrían home. He didn't leave her side for food or drink. Every remedy that had ever been tried, he used on his beloved wife, and when none of them worked, he simply stayed with her, hour after painful hour. He held her through her screams and delirium and blessed her fevered head with a baptism of tears. When Celebrían's fever finally broke, Elrond's immortal face had aged decades after the fashion of men, and the spark in his silver eyes had dimmed to a rare twinkle. "The Lady was healed, but only for a while. Your soul can only stay in someone else's body for so long without another soul to keep it warm. All alone in the Silver Queen's body, that piece of her Beloved's soul began to fade. This was dangerous, and not only for the Silver Queen. You see, if any part of your soul dies, the whole light dies. As the spark faded in the Lady, so too did it dim in her Beloved." Elrohir had seen it. The sparkle never truly returned to Celebrían's sapphire eyes. As she wearied and faded further, Elrond suffered with her, bearing her pains as his own. He gave all his joy to his wife; he kept none for himself. Elrohir swallowed hard. "All the while, the Lady's own soul rested in the magic stone. It rolled down the great river and away into the Sea. The tides carried it to and fro, until finally, it came to rest on the shores of a distant green land and rested there in the sand, waiting for the Lady to return for it." Estel's restlessness had faded. His gray eyes reflected rapt attention. All thought of gallery entries and forbidden libraries had vanished from his mind. "As the spark faded, the Lady's Beloved knew there was only one way to save her. He had a ship built—a very tall ship with white masts and silver sails. There was room on this ship for only one passenger. The Lady's Beloved put her on this ship and sent it out to sea to seek the fair land where her soul had strayed." For long moments, Elrohir spoke no more. It moved through his heart once again—sorrow not tinged by bitterness; the gift of the Eldar. "What happened to the Lady?" Estel's voice was tentative, as if he feared to break the magic of the story. "No one knows for certain. She never returned. We do know that not long after she departed, the spark of her Beloved's soul grew strong once again. That is how we know that she found her own soul and placed it within her to warm and sustain his." "But then what happened to her Beloved?" Estel, in his childish wisdom had lighted upon the question that had been plaguing Elrohir's thoughts for centuries. He responded slowly. "A soul cannot always be divided. The Lady still carries a piece of her Beloved's soul. He must follow someday, and seek her on strange shores until they are whole and reunited at last." "But, he hasn't seen his Beloved since the world was young? He just let her sail away without him?" Elrohir smiled sadly. "Sometimes, Estel, you must love someone enough to let them go." Their contemplative silence was broken by the rumble of Estel's stomach. Elrohir smiled. "But, here I am going on about love and loss when you've more pressing matters, like dinner to consider, not to mention the supplementation of your naneth's gallery." Estel climbed to his feet with a wry grin. "But it was a good story, 'Ro! Will you tell me another?" "Not while your stomach threatens to drown out my words. Run along, gwanur-tithen, and don't forget to give your mother that masterpiece!" The boy snatched up his parchment and headed towards the door. He paused with his hand on the knob and turned to face the Elf. "Gwanur, will you ever tell me what happened to your naneth?" Elrohir smiled, his eyes overly bright. "Someday, gwanur-tithen." Responding to the impulsive, instinctive affection that sometimes grips children, Estel raced over and threw his arms around his brother's waist. Before Elrohir could return the hug, Estel was darting out the door, parchment in hand. The smile stayed on Elrohir's face, but an edge of melancholy entered it. "Someday, little brother." A/N: Elvish Glossary Naneth—mother Ada—Dad Gwanur—brother Gwanur-tithen—little brother All words are Sindarin in origin. I am by no means an expert. If I have made errors, please let me know. Otherwise, please leave me a review and let me know what you thought. Concrit is much appreciated.