mine . I stand and follow him a few paces away. In close quarters, with no other to distract his attention, his gaze is uncomfortably sharp. "Are you alright?" he asks, once we are out of the others' earshot. I blink. "I . . . do not understand, my lord." His face does not change. "You've the look of a man who seeks his own death," he says bluntly. I close my eyes. I'd thought—I'd hoped —that no one would notice. I'd never dreamed that the king, of all people, would see through me. "You needn't worry about me, my lord," I tell him, "I know my duty." "Yes, and I am sure you will be equal to it," he says, "But, I fear for you. Men who expect to die often fulfill their own prophesy." For a moment, I cannot speak. His words seem to lodge somewhere in my chest, loosening something that ought not be loosened. I struggle to keep my face still, but a half-hysterical sound forces its way out of me. It is unmistakably a laugh. His eyebrows rise. "I did not mean to jest." He sounds bemused rather than stern, which merely adds to the surreal nature of it all: me, the Chamberpot Soldier, standing on the very edge of Mordor discussing certain death with a man who might just be a king. Another gasping laugh follows the first. Nothing about this is funny, and a wiser man might be sobbing, but I cannot seem to stop myself. Somehow, Elessar understands. He takes me by the shoulders and helps me sit and then simply waits, his face solemn and concerned until the strange sounds subside and I am able to catch my breath. "Denethor," I say, when I am finally capable of speech once more, "They say that's how he died. A prophesy made real." Elessar's expression tightens a little. "I cannot speak to the manner of Lord Denethor's death," he says, "I was not there." "They say he saw our doom." "No more can I speak to what he may have seen." "Was he mad? "Who can say—" "Or was he the last sane man in Gondor?" "Gadron." He waits until I meet his gaze. "Denethor did as he did because he believed in a lie—Sauron's lie. All is not lost—not yet. I can tell you no more than that." I swallow, regaining control of myself at last. "You truly think we can win?" I've given him the perfect opportunity to offer assurances and platitudes, but he pauses. "Win?" he says at last, "If you ask whether we can take the Black Gates and defeat all the hosts of Mordor with six thousand men . . . then, no. But, if you are asking whether we can defeat the Dark Lord and free future generations of his evil . . . then, yes, I think we can win." The answer is all but nonsensical—we will certainly be defeated, and yet we can win ?—but as he speaks, I see a spark of . . . certainty or belief or hope or something in his eyes, and it makes me want to believe too. I draw a slow breath. Then another. "Forgive me, my lord," I say, "I was wrong to doubt." He waves a hand. "There is nothing to forgive." Still, he hesitates. " Are you alright?" "I will be." I meet his gaze. "I will be ready." "That is all I can ask." It isn't long before he has to go—he has six thousand other men to look after, and every one is as terrified as me—but a sense of calm lingers in his wake. Perhaps I will sleep tonight. /-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/- / I neither know nor wish to know what was said at the parley with Sauron's foul emissaries. It is enough to know that Elessar came back changed. His expression, as he rallies the ranks, is stern and unyielding, but beneath that mask, his face has drained of all color—all life . Mithrandir rides close beside him, speaking low words into his ear, but the king does not look at him. After a moment, the wizard looks down, his aged hands tightening on something that looks like a scrap of cloth but shines like the sun. There is no time, now, for debate or regret. Already, the Black Gates are swinging open, releasing a seething horde of orcs and trolls and men. Elessar calls us to arms with rousing words, but I watch his face, looking for the spark of hidden hope that brought me out of last night's darkness. I see nothing but resolve. Sauron's armies swarm towards us. So great are their numbers that they do not even bother with battle formations. Elessar stands just ahead of the front ranks, his bare sword held in a white-knuckled grip. I realize then, even as we ready pikes and nock arrows, that this gambit has become Elessar's pyre. Long he resisted the despair that overthrew Denethor, but it has ensnared him at last. And we, the Men of the West, are the ones chosen to burn with him. The thought does not trouble me like I thought it would. The enemy has nearly reached the base of the hill where we will make our stand. Time is short, but still I watch the king. I see him turn one last time to look at last at Mithrandir and the others at his side. His face now holds no shields and no masks. He smiles, though his eyes shine with tears, and speaks softly. I am too far away to hear his words—they are meant only for those who had the privilege to call him friend—but that does not matter. His face says enough. My king turns and throws himself at the advancing lines. He does not look back, nor does he need to; we will follow. I would follow him anywhere. Fin A/N: Thanks for reading! Reviews and concrit are much appreciated.