memory of having similar injuries reset. Nothing for it. "Now." Faramir wrenched his arm. Aragorn's jaw clenched. His body went rigid. He let out a groan that seemed to reverberate through the cave . . . and when the pressure released, the pain did not retreat. He forced himself to breathe through his nose. "I'm afraid it didn't take," he said, forcing the tremor out of his voice through sheer force of will, "You will have to try a— ARGH! " Before he could finish speaking, Faramir again yanked down on his arm—without warning this time. Every nerve screamed. Bone grated against bone. The joint slipped back together with a sickening pop . Faramir released his arm as if it were a red-hot brand. Aragorn felt his knees weaken, but Beregond supported him from behind. Aragorn slowly let his arm drop, extending the elbow. "My . . . thanks," he panted. Faramir's eyes were wide. "I'm sorry, my lord! I felt you tense before the first attempt. I could see no other way to accomplish it, but to pull without warning." "You . . . did rightly," Aragorn said faintly, "Now . . . if you don't mind, Beregond . . . I think I'll sit . . ." "Of course, Sire," Beregond murmured, and Aragorn Dúnadan was truly in no position to ponder his strange use of royal honorifics. The man half-carried him back into the confines of the cave and lowered him to sit against the wall near the fire. "I should keep watch," the man said once Aragorn was settled with a canteen in his hand. Aragorn nodded. "Take your rest in two hours' time," he instructed, "Once of us will take your place." Beregond frowned but bowed. "As my lord commands." Aragorn stared after him as he departed. "He is a touch . . . overly-deferential, isn't he?" "Not really," Faramir said, as a knowing gleam crept into his eyes, "But, I imagine it's rather disorienting for you. Especially since I don't think you realize what Age this is." Aragorn picked his head up and stared at Faramir. "The Third, of course," he said, "I think I would have remembered the passing of an Age." "Apparently not," Faramir said evenly, "In fairness, that was quite a knock you took to the head." Aragorn sank back against the stone. An Age had passed, apparently. "How did you know?" he asked weakly, "That . . ." "That you were not quite yourself? You did an impressive job of covering, my friend." Faramir suddenly sobered. "Until you spoke of Halbarad." A pang suddenly struck Aragorn. He closed his eyes and nodded slowly. "Because Halbarad is dead." "I'm afraid so," Faramir said in a low voice. Faramir , younger son of Denethor. That was why the name seemed so familiar. Without the barrier of his preconceptions to muddle things, memory slowly began to return, though in a dizzying, disjointed fashion. "He called me 'Sire' ," he said slowly, "Because this is Gondor . And I am king now." "Well, that's a step in the right direction," Faramir said after a beat. "Where did you think you were?" "In Eriador, still among my kin." He smiled. "In fairness, you would make quite the Ranger." Faramir smiled back, but the expression was still a bit guarded. "In fairness, I already have." Aragorn looked away as a few more pieces fell into place. "Yes. You were an Ithilien Ranger before . . . before you became my Steward." Relief washed across Faramir's face. "You begin to remember." Aragorn did not smile. The trickle of returning memories had become a flood. Yes, Faramir was Steward . . . because Denethor was dead and Boromir was dead. Gandalf was gone across the sea. Elrond as well. And . . . He opened his eyes and picked his head up so quickly that his headache pounded a complaint. "I am King, now," he said, "And my Queen is . . . ?" Faramir's eyebrows shot up. "The lady Arwen Undómiel," he said, "Fairest of those who now walk the earth, unless it were my own dear wife. Surely you did not forget your lady?" "No," Aragorn said, leaning back with a broad grin, "But I wanted to be sure that that memory was not some figment of wishful thought." He took a sip of water and let out a contented sigh. Memory was returning and all was right with the world. Or, at least as right as it could be while he was trapped on a flooded hillside with multiple wounds. There was just one thing he'd yet neglected. He reached up and carefully unwound the bandage from around his head. "Can you fetch my pack?" Faramir did, and as Aragorn's hands closed on the fine leather, he remembered packing it and lamenting that the worn, tattered pack that he'd borne from Eriador was no longer fit for use. He easily found a small mirror of scratched brass. Lifting it, he examined the cut in his scalp. "You did well to tend this," he told Faramir, "But I fear it must be stitched." Faramir paled again, but he dutifully wiped the cut clean and accepted thread and a curved needle. Aragorn managed not to flinch when the needle cut through his flesh. Faramir did not. The younger man's hands trembled as he pulled the stitch tight and knotted it. Aragorn sighed. "Give the needle to me, mellon-nín ." Faramir swallowed. "It's no trouble," he lied, "I can stitch it." "But, it pains you." Faramir did not respond. Aragorn gently took the needle and thread from him and offered him the mirror. "Hold this for me." Slowly and a bit awkwardly, he began to stitch his own scalp. Outside, rain drove down and flood waters rushed and doubtless hundreds of Gondorians searched frantically for their rulers. But, within, Aragorn was safe and whole and had a friend beside him. And all was right with the world. Fin