only chance was to sell this last Tark and use the money to slip away in the night, in poverty and disgrace. He argued with the men all through the afternoon, until they were ready to kill him instead. The raiders, though, had taken their weapons but left Imran with the Gondorian sword that he had bought from the farmer as an afterthought all those weeks ago. He brandished it, and they threw up their hands in disgust, cursing his name and all slave merchants and the raiders and all of Gondor for producing such brigands. They left him there in the evening, striking out for the city and leaving Imran to face the night with only the tall Tark for company. Though he was exhausted from both his wounds and the many sleepless nights, Imran did not sleep that night. He sat by his fire with the Tark's naked sword held across his knees, watching its former owner across the flickering flames. For his part, the tall Tark gazed back with the perfect calmness that he'd showed since the very beginning. It was terribly disturbing; Imran searched the other man's face for some sign of hatred or bitterness or fear, but saw only peace and a clarity of purpose that chilled the slaver to his bones. It came as a great relief when the Tark finally pillowed his head on his manacled hands. He was less unnerving when he slept, although even this seemed to come too easily and too peacefully for a man in his position. Still, Imran gathered his nerve and his meager wits. He began to think that maybe the other Tarks had turned on this one, and left him behind as some sort of punishment. Yes, that must be it, he reassured himself. For, what sane man would willingly place himself back in chains, having once been free of them? All night, they were not disturbed, and Imran convinced himself. When morning came, there was nothing to do but take the slave's chains in his own hand and set out toward Umbar. The Tark followed quietly, offering no resistance. Idly, Imran wondered what the other slaves had done to him, and hoped it pained him. That was how they entered Umbar, with Imran sweating and thirsting and cursing and the tall Tark following silently with a bowed head exactly, if Imran had bothered to think of it, the way he'd followed the poor farmer into his tiny village market so many weeks ago. Imran wasted no time in pawning the Gondorian off as a galley slave for five times what he'd paid the farmer, but his victory brought him nothing but bitterness. He had only the clothes on his back and that small amount of coin, and he knew he would have to flee from his creditors. And that, my friends, is how the once mighty Imran showed up on my doorstep where once he'd boasted of his riches, dressed in rags and begging for a crust of bread. The strangest thing, he told me as he wept into a cup of ale that I'd so generously given him, stranger than anything else was the look of the Gondorian at the end. Just for an instant, as the northerner was being led away to his doom, he lifted his head and pierced Imran with a look. Sharp as a sword, his eyes were—still fierce and bright as the dawn. He did not look like a beaten man. Oh, but I've gone and worked myself into a sweat with these dark tales and completely neglected your cups. Don't look so stricken, my dear man; these were strange and terrible happenings, but no honest folk were harmed—only the likes of Imran and some rogue from the north. We've heard naught since from any of those who escaped, so it's likely they fled back to their own land. What happened to the tall Tark? Oh, you needn't worry yourself about him, good sir. Galley slaves never last longer than three months, and it's been at least five. That pale-eyed demon won't be bothering us again. Son, didn't I tell you to go help your mother? Don't you know better than to interrupt your elders? Alright, alright, if you must speak at least slow down a bit. Mutiny on the Sea Shrike did you say? Yes, it's a galley from Umbar, I know that as well as you, but it means nothing. It couldn't possibly have anything to do with the man in this story that I told you not to listen to. Come now, my friends, off to bed and don't look so frightened. You can sleep well tonight; a good honest businessman like me is far too sharp to let a Gondorian through his doors. And, please, my little son thinks himself knowledgeable, but pay no attention to his childish fancies. TBC A/N: Reviews and concrit are much appreciated. Tark—a pejorative for a Man of Gondor or Rohan, it is orcish in origin, but Men who served Sauron may have picked it up from long contact with orcs. I don't fully address it here, but if you want a thoughtful discussion of the word and its implications for Haradric culture, you should read Canafinwe's excellent two-shot "Pale-Faced Tark." A few words on the rest of this fic: There are two more parts. Each part will take place after a time jump and will have a new original narrator. My intent was not to detail every moment of Aragorn's time in Harad, but to offer a few snapshots of the various ways he was seen during his time there. Thus, I'll leave the liberation of the Sea Shrike to your imagination for the time being, though I may come back and describe the whole of his adventures with an Aragorn-POV fic some time in the future. I will try to post again next week, but finals still aren't over, so you may have to be patient with me.