we must wait 'til this evening." A knock on the door broke the precious moment that had been forming between the two, and then Boromir entered the chamber, a grave expression on his face. He walked heavily into the room, and sank exhausted into the empty chair by the sofa. Both parties expressed pleasantries and waited for the third to respond in kind. "Father wishes to see you, I have tried to talk to him and lessen his anger, but you must go to him as you can." Both Faramir and Rapunzel immediately tensed, thinking the worse, but Boromir's next words alleviated that emotion. "I have told him not of her; nor the second half of the dream, which I remind you, I never had." Faramir looked a little sheepish at his brothers consternation, his brother had never broken his confidence before, why judge him now? Both had explained to Rapunzel, the dream that first Faramir, and then later Boromir, had. She was no more help than they at discerning the meaning of it. It had been agreed that along with hiding her from their father, that the second part of the vision, which only came to Faramir, was to be unmentioned as well. "I should go," Faramir said mournfully, not knowing how long this ordeal with their father would take, for he had hoped to show Rapunzel his mother's garden later that evening, as a sort of escape from the confines of her bedchamber. Seeing his brother's pained expression, Boromir offered, "I shall stay with her brother, for I wish to think on happier things, and the maid has a pre-chant to calm any mood. I dare say she could even calm a fire-drake." Know that his, no the lady was in safe with his brother, Faramir departed swiftly but with a heavy heart. Boromir smiled kindly at Rapunzel, "Fair maiden, while my company is not that which you seek foremost, would I be right in saying you would not be opposed to a little adventure within these walls?" Rapunzel smiled shyly back, unsure of if this was wise and unable to ask the opinion of the one she most wished to be with. But she trusted him, and a little adventure never hurt anyone. Finding her one of Faramir's older cloaks, they snuck through the servant passages and hidden doorways of the citadel to they came to a very disused part. Pulling aside a worn tapestry, Boromir revealed an old oak door, with a padlock on it. Pulling a leather cord from his neck, he placed it and the pendant upon it in Rapunzel's hand. As her fingers wrapped around it, she felt the cold form of iron, and quickly looked down. It was a key. Boromir simply nodded to the door, a smirk on his face. She tentatively slid the key into the lock, and turned it, with less force than she expected from such an old door. It swung open revealing a well-kept personal library. The scent of parchment and musk wafted through the open archway. "It's not much, but this is where Faramir spends— spent most of his time before he met you, when he wasn't off at battle." A huge smile lit up Rapunzel's face. Books. Boromir left her there and went down to the training grounds, secure in the fact that only one other alive had the key and knew of the location of this room, Faramir. Thinking to his brother, he realized it had been several hours since he had last been with Rapunzel, and so sent a young guard to find the whereabouts of his brother. Rapunzel soon became immersed in the multitude of volumes of literature surrounding her, and quickly lost all sense of time. So oblivious was she that when a voice softly called her name from close behind her, that she lost her grip on the book in her lap. Masculine hands reached around her and caught the book before it tumbled to the ground. "I did not mean to startle you, my lady." Rapunzel blushed at the warmth radiating rom the arms around her, unwilling to turn around and become trapped in his - Faramir's - embrace. Taking the book hastily from his grasp, she move out of his reach to return it to its proper place. "Rapunzel?" So much was left unsaid in his simple question, and she paused, unsure of how to respond. "What are your new orders?" She asked, with her back still to the young captain. "My father has seen fit to order to return to Osgiliath and defend the western shore against invaders." "When do you leave?" "The day after next." For a long time, both stood in an awkward silence. Drawing all of her courage, Rapunzel turned and flung herself into Faramir's arms. The sudden movement startled him, but he quickly gathered her small form into his arms. Hesitantly Faramir's bent down and place a kiss firmly on the crown of her golden head. 'I have to find a way to keep you safe.' Author's Note: Thank for reading the prologue of what will be a three stories series following the plot of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Ring's Trilogy, with the addition of select Walt Disney princesses, to be revealed over the course of the three stories. The timeline of the plot will be a generous mixture of both book-lore and film screen play, with smatterings of Disney plots from the corresponding princesses' films. This story will not attempt to totally rewrite the events of the War of the Ring, only the inclusion of nonCanon LOTRs characters who disrupt and change the event immediately surrounding them. While the plot and timeline is already planned out, as are the romantic pairings for these stories. Updates will hopefully be once a month, however they will be long. If you have any questions, or suggestion, feel free to message me, and my co-writer and I will respond when we have available time.