she'd been there a long time, so would you please teach these two nineteen year old idiots how to work a copier? She was thirty seven, not exactly elderly. But thirty seven was late thirties, and late thirties meant pushing forty. Oh God. Pushing forty. When did she blink and realize she was nearly forty? Staying late at work meant she was forced to call her sister to pick her kids up from school. Violet was an unreliable aunt who spent far too much time painting and singing to be of any real help: knowing her sister, Rose assumed that the kids had waited about ten minutes, and then walked home. Sibyll was getting older, and she was becoming more mature. Really, they could handle a night by themselves. There was a frozen pizza and some leftover ginger ale, and Rose fully expected to find her house flooded with light, smelling of pizza, with her two kids squabbling over the computer. Their electric bill was outrageous, since Silas was falling into a habit of forgetting about light switches. He was a good kid, but too absent minded. He was turning into Violet by the day, always sketching and humming and spending more and more time cooped up in his closet in the kitchen. Maybe he was autistic. She should bring that up to the doctors the next time he had a physical. No, he wasn't autistic, he was just a quiet kid who did his own thing. To her surprise, as she pulled into the driveway, all the lights were off. The house was totally dark. It was then, just then, that a quick flare of fear—cold, tight, and low—flickered through her belly. But it was probably nothing: the kids had probably gotten home from school early, and Sibyll was in her room listening to music, like she usually did. Silas was probably on the computer playing that silly game with the buildings, and had forgotten to look up to realize it was dark outside. Maybe Violet had actually picked them up on time, like she said she would. They had probably gotten into one of their classic sulking fights: Sibyll had a mean streak, and she liked to pull pranks on her little brother. It was sad, really, because he idolized her—the two of them would get into huge, explosive fights and then retreat to different corners of the house to brood and plot revenge. It would be best to nip it in the bud. If they hadn't eaten already, she'd take them out to get Chinese food. Never mind that her feet were killing her and her back ached something fierce. They hadn't connected as a family for a while. "Hey!" Rose called as she opened the door, wiggling her stuck key in the lock, "Did you guys eat?" Silence answered her. Another pulse of fear, and this one lingered. Oh god, what if they never made it home? What if Violet hadn't picked them up, and they had gotten abducted by some murderer? What if they had— What if they were just hiding in their rooms, now enough! Heels clicking loudly on the floor, heartbeat pounding in her ears, Rose went up the stairs, turning on the hall light as she went. Sibyll's bedroom was dark. Maybe she was sleeping, maybe she'd had a tough day at school, she knew her daughter had a massive crush and was dealing with bullies, but she never napped in the afternoon, why would she start now? Empty. Bed was cold. A sour taste rose in her mouth and her stomach cramped fiercely. Gone. "Silas? Sibby?" she called, voice loud and authoritative. "SILAS!" Nothing. She stumbled down the stairs and went straight for the computer room, which was really a spare bedroom converted into an office. Maybe Silas had his headphones on, which he wasn't supposed to do for this exact reason, because when she called for him he couldn't hear. The computer's screensaver, which showed a picture of her two kids smiling in a cornfield with pumpkins around them, was the only illumination in the dark room. Rose called them again, her voice bordering on a scream. "SIBYLL! SILAS !" She wheeled around and spotted the basement door. It was wide open. Dread curled around her like a constrictor. An image, so clear and horrifying it was almost like a vision, rose in her mind; her two kids, fighting downstairs in the basement, knocking over that old bookcase, crushing them. Their small lifeless bodies with shattered bones and a pool of blood. She practically fell down the stairs, rolling her ankle spectacularly, but the pain didn't even register. There was something odd, something bizarre: things were moved around, but what was worse was there was an odd yellow glow coming from the back of the basement. Rose flicked on the lights and picked her way around the rubbish, following the yellowness. A trapdoor. It was wide open, but instead of blackness it was a bright yellow glow, like looking into a sun: it made her eyes burn just looking at it. "Sibyl? Silas?" she called, and her voice sounded wrecked: panic and fear and anger all rolled into one. A very faint voice, like a whisper across an open field, came up. "Mommy…" She dropped to her knees, ignoring the shrill scream of pain from her kneecaps. "Sibyl?" she called. Again, that faint cry. "Mommy…pllleeeeeassee …" Without even thinking, she reached into the yellow light, straining for her children. There was a blink, a flash, a squeezing feeling like she was being pulled through an enormous rubber tube— —And then nothing. I hope you guy enjoy this! I love reading fanfiction, especially fanfiction where a girl finds herself in Middle Earth, but they never seem very realistic. And I've never seen a mom or kids, so I thought this would be a refreshing take! Please leave a review, comment, favorite, whatever, I'll try to reply to all of them! :D