all. Not good. As they approached at a quick pace I was becoming concerned about what I would do if they stopped. I was pretty sure by this time they were Black Riders . . . would they smell me? Did they know at this point that I was of no interest to them or would they kill me for sport? I remembered a fanfic about a fox that was killed by a Black Rider for sport and I wasn't exactly a match for anyone, let alone three nasties on horseback. The first two sped past me as I crouched behind the bushes, but the third slowed. It came to a stop in the road and turned to face where I was hiding. I knew that by this time I was smelling pretty ripe and even if I wasn't the shampoo and conditioner I had used when I showered before going to work last night was heavily scented. I couldn't hide so I stood up and faced the Dementor wanna-be. "Shire . . . Baggins . . ." it hissed at me. Two things flew through my mind at that moment: Farmer Maggot did NOT get killed and the hobbits were NOT on the road. So I pointed my thumb in the direction I had been walking away from (west, if you were paying attention) and didn't say a word. Now at this point you might be thinking that was a shitty thing to do . . . after all anyone who knows ANYTHING about the LOTR knows that if the Black Riders were still asking for Baggins they were on their way to the Shire and most likely I was on the road between the Shire and Rivendell. However, give me a fucking break. They were ALREADY going west and I had no idea where the hobbits might be at this time. If I had pointed north or south or even east I might have been pointing directly at them as they are NOT on the road . . . right? I had no idea where exactly I was, if I was between Buckland and Bree or between Bree and Rivendell and I also had no idea whether they were ahead of me or behind me. I figured the best thing to do is keep the riders going in the direction they were going, because as Tolkien wrote it, the Black Riders were going to be late either way. My blood was running cold but I stood there trying to appear expressionless and the rider turned and started after his comrades. I was paralyzed for a bit and when they were nothing but dust trails in the distance, I realized I really had to relieve myself . . . fast! I drew on some long-forgotten camping skills and began looking for some leafy bush or tree nearby to use as toilet paper. Preferably something wide, soft, without fuzzies or pricklies and moistureless. Last thing I needed was a Middle Earth version of poison ivy on my nether regions. Suddenly, I realized that I didn't even have my towel. What kind of multiple-reality hitchhiker goes off without their towel?! I laughed at myself and the lame Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy reference and continued to look around for some fairly soft and dead foliage. Although my pj's had three pieces: long bottoms, a tank top and a three-quarter sleeve shirt that snapped up the front, I was loath to use any part of it to clean myself because with night coming on I had the feeling I would need every stitch I was wearing. Shortly (thank God . . . or the Valar . . . or my twisted imagination), I found a bush that had some broad, dead leaves and grabbed a sturdy branch, pulled down my bottoms and leaned away from it. I finished my business, let myself air-dry as long as I could keep myself from falling over and grabbed a few leaves. I figured if I used my left hand, I might just remember to not rub my face with it or eat with it until I found some water to wash up in. At this point, as I had had no sleep and little food or water, reality began to creep into my brain. I needed cover, I needed water and I needed food. This was no dream. I was beginning to feel a chill in the shadows as the sun continued it's trek into the West and my mouth was dry and my stomach was getting noisy. I also began to wonder if there were trolls, orcs or wargs around these parts. I was now certain only that I had entered this story before Weathertop, and my brain was feeding me information that I couldn't be sure was from the LOTR or maybe from The Hobbit . I could really only be sure that I was on an east-west road somewhere between Mordor and the Shire, since I couldn't really know at what point the Riders were in their search. There were mountains way off in the east, but I couldn't be certain whether they were the Misty Mountains or the Mountains surrounding Mordor (Ephel Duath, although I couldn't recall the name at the time). I decided I would think about that tomorrow and started looking for a place to sleep. Water and food could wait, I was just so tired. I knew two things about Middle Earth . . . stay away from strange forests and stay off the road. So basically, I trudged up the road another thirty minutes or so and found a soft spot under the scrub. I couldn't see any other cover close enough to the road to keep it in sight and at least the bushes provided a little concealment. Exhausted, I dug a little into the leaf litter, curled up and fell asleep hoping that it wouldn't get so cold during the night that I would wake.