and God forgive me, but I'm a wimp when it comes to helpless creatures. If I ever saw any being, human or otherwise that was in some type of misery, I wouldn't hesitate to coddle it like a mother would a newborn baby. It was one of my undying habits that I simply could not get rid of. And, sure enough, as I gazed at the vulnerable man lying bruised and wounded on the ground, I felt that sentiment welling up in me again, unbidden and uncaring of what type of man this was. Groaning, I grabbed Eros' arms (for that is what I shall currently call him) and began to lift him to his feet, and, he, still quite unconscious. My mama-coddle meter rising, I tried to heft up his body enough to where I could at least drag him comfortably out of the barn and into the bunkhouse. He proved to be heavier than his slender frame voiced, and I found myself struggling mightily to keep him from falling back onto the ground. Getting irritated, I wrapped his arms around my neck from the back and held onto them harshly, lugging his body, with his feet dragging limply across the ground, through the door into my abode. The bunkhouse is pretty small, but grandpa had managed to attach a bathroom and very small kitchen to it with running water and air-conditioning. Pulling Eros' body over to the small couch in the foyer/bedroom, I laid his top half onto it and then lifted his legs on directly after. I was slightly amazed by the softness of the fabric his outfit consisted of. But whatever he was wearing, it seemed too plain to be regular clothes. It looked oddly like pajamas or something of that nature. A very simple, linen-like shirt and some loose, comfortable-looking green pants. He had no shoes and that only seemed to add to my theory. How odd… Suddenly remembering the welt on his head, I pressed my fingers against his scalp to find where it was and then felt something sticky. There was another cut along the back of his head along his crown. Scowling, I went and found the first-aid kit grandma had unnecessarily equipped the bunkhouse with. I was really quite glad now that grandma was so anal about these types of things. There was some hydrogen peroxide and I quickly used it to clean the wound, surprised to see that it didn't even make Eros flinch. Man, I thought pitifully, He's out cold. That must have been quite the fall. This genius was lucky he hadn't broken something. Standing there staring at him, I wondered to myself what must have happened. Why in the hell would random guy be in my grandfather's barn? Maybe he worked here? grandpa had hired some guys a few years back. I could recall a few of them living in the overhead loft in the barn, so maybe that was it? He'd just rolled out... But it still didn't explain why the barn was still in such bad shape, or the reason why my grandparents hadn't told me about him, or why he looked much too old to be a hired hand, unless he was just down on his luck completely. Usually the stable boys were just that: boys! This guy could pass for twenty-five. Sighing, I put some gauze over the small cut then laid an ice pack over top of that and let his head rest against it so it would stay in place. Satisfied with my work, I looked over the rest of him to make sure I hadn't missed any other injuries. He would probably be very sore and bruised for a while, but there was really little I could do about that. Happy with my work, I yawned and locked the bunkhouse door, making sure that if one of my grandparents came over tomorrow they wouldn't walk in to see some man lying on the bunkhouse couch. I glanced over at the door to the bathroom and my body groaned for the hot waters of a calming shower. Peeking over at Eros who was still out, I went into the bathroom and locked that door on my way in as well. I could only hope he wouldn't wake up during my shower time. The heat of the water was only too wonderful, and it helped to relax those stiff muscles I'd slept on in the woods. As I got out, I wrapped a pink towel around myself and looked at the mirror. Those stupid wood markings on my skin from sleeping on the log were almost completely gone now and for that I was thankful. My skin had cleared up from my latest breakout and, that in itself, was enough to boost my self-esteem. But still, my stormy gray eyes looked back at me dully, lacking that light they had once held. I looked older, more worn by time and experience. Sighing, I rubbed the towel into my hair, making it as dry as possible and dressed in the baggy pajamas I'd plopped onto the sink. After getting dressed, I opened the bathroom door tentatively, hoping to God that Eros hadn't woken up. What a wonder this boy was. What was his true story? I'd be very interested to know in the morning. Ugh, no more thinking, just sleep. I stumbled over to the small cot in the room, plopped another thin pillow on top of the first one and curled up in the warmth of one of grandma's quilt. My mind still wanted to interrogate me about my lack of fear regarding this random man and all the unknown factors related to him, but I didn't feel like answering as I slipped into a very deep, troubled sleep. 88888888888888888888888888 A/N: My God! I'm finally through. Eleven pages on word! I'm feeling pretty good about myself here. At any rate, there's the first chapter, now please go review. -Smiles huge cheesy grin-