as well as it cleaned my blood." Still looking a bit suspicious, Sam took the paste and covered the thin bit of metal. When he was done, he took the opportunity to inspect the elf's wound. Legolas had been telling the truth; though deep, it was clean and certainly not life-threatening. Sam bit harder into his lip; what he was about to do might not hurt him now, but once the effect of the herbs wore off Legolas was sure to be in a great deal of pain. A hand reached up to grasp his arm. Sam looked down at his 'patient,' who was giving him a reassuring smile. "All is well, mellon-nin, and all will be well. Worry not; I am ready." Sam released his lip and sucked in a deep breath, "Alright, if you are sure." Legolas released his arm and turned away again to watch the stream. Sam put the needle against the elf's pretty, smooth skin and, after a moment's hesitation, pushed it through. Legolas stiffened and Sam stopped moving. "Oh, I am sorry!" Legolas shook his head, "I am in no pain. It is merely an uncomfortable feeling, like trying to sleep with a rock under your bed." "You will tell me if it hurts, won't you?" "Aye, I promise. But even if it does, you must not stop – do you promise?" Legolas asked, turning his head back to look at the hobbit. Sam gulped, "Yes, I promise." Satisfied, the elf put his head back on the cloak. Once Legolas was settled again, Sam pushed the needle out on the other side of the wound and pulled gently until enough string was through. The rest of it was easier, and Sam tried to pretend he was sewing curtains and not skin. Legolas was obviously not comfortable, but Sam looked over at the elf's face occasionally, and he never seemed to be in any real pain. When Sam was done, he tied the string in expert knots; that was one thing he had always been good at. He checked over his work, gently prodding and pulling. Satisfied, he helped Legolas sit up. The elf looked over the stitches briefly before smiling at his healer. "A fine job, Master Samwise, far better than I could ever have done. Hannon le, mellon-nin." He reached into his bag and pulled out a roll of bandages. "That's thank you, right?" asked Sam, helping the elf to rip enough to dress the wound. "Yes, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have made things far easier for me, though I request that you continue to keep my injury a secret," Legolas replied as he carefully put on a fresh tunic, easily covering the bandage. "Only if you promise to let me check on it," said Sam. "That seems fair enough, though I can assure you that it will be very nearly healed within two days. We elves heal much faster than most," he replied, replacing his cloak and weapons. Sam was surprised to see that the shirt was already dry enough for Legolas to put it in his bag. Then again, it was probably made by the elves, and Sam was sure quick drying was the least of the tunic's secrets. "Shall we return to camp now, Master Healer, before the dwarf attempts to count us?" asked Legolas. "I guess we should…oh, wait! I need to get my water!" said Sam, heading back over to the stream where he had left the waterskin. Legolas waited for Sam to fill it and take a drink before gesturing toward the soft orange glow farther into the woods. "You go first, and I will distract Gimli from your arrival." He reached for a tree branch and started to hoist himself into the nearest tree. "Wait!" Sam called, grabbing the elf's cloak to keep him on the ground. "Mister Legolas, you should not be climbing trees like that! You'll hurt yourself!" Legolas laughed, "It is alright; I have been climbing trees since I was naught but an elfling, and that was a very long time ago. I did this once when my arm was broken – though I would appreciate, again, if you did not remind Aragorn of that incident. I trust these trees; they have not been tainted by the darkness around them. They will carry me safely." Sam was hesitant to accept what would be wildly tall tales from anyone but an elf. "Very well, but if you do not come back within ten minutes of me I will wake Aragorn and tell him you are hurt." Legolas grimaced, "You are a harsh nurse, Master Samwise. I will do as you say, though I was unaware of how manipulative hobbits could be." Sam blushed, "I just want to make sure everyone is safe." Legolas ruffled the hobbit's hair, "I know. Now, I swear to be there within ten minutes, so you had best be back within that time frame as well!" The elf disappeared into the leafy branches, and Sam swore he could hear a soft laughter from above. "Hey! No fair!" he cried, running back to the camp. True to his word, the elf appeared just as Sam entered the camp, effectively distracting Gimli by jumping out of the tree directly in front of the dwarf. Sam snickered to himself as he lay in his bedroll, feigning sleep as the elf and dwarf bantered. Finally it grew quiet, and Sam opened one eye to look around. Gimli was grumbling at his watch station, now fully awake, and Legolas was lying on the edge of Sam's view, lying with his eyes staring up at the stars in the elvish sleep that had frightened the hobbits (and Boromir, though the man refused to admit it) on their first night as a Fellowship. Resolved to force the elf to allow him to look at the wound again before the end of the week, he rolled over and finally fell asleep.