this all just some twisted dream? There was only one way to find out. He needed to find Charlie. Evan was the middle child in a family of five. His eldest brother Chris, at nineteen years of age, loved parties, loud music and girls. With fashionably cut blond hair and a muscular build, Chris was very successful with females. He spent most of his time socialising, and was rarely at home. Cameron was twelve years old. He, too, had blond hair, but he was far shorter and skinnier. His interests included television, computer, and Playstation, and he was almost always staring at some screen or other. Fourteen year old Tom was a keen athlete and a passionate soccer player. He was average height and very fit, and had brown hair that he kept cropped short so it didn't interfere with his performance in sports. Of all his brothers, Evan felt closest to Charlie. Charlie was seventeen, and very calm and good-natured. He was what could be described as a people-person, and had a large circle of friends. Despite his popularity, he always seemed to have time for Evan. When he had begun developing his obsession with Lord of the Rings, Charlie had read the books as well. Not because he had any interest in them, but so that Evan would have somebody to discuss his obsession with. He was laid-back and friendly, and seemed to get on with almost everyone he met. Now, he was the only one who just might listen to Evan. Evan burst into his brother's room without knocking. Charlie looked up from the textbook he was poring over, surprised. He opened his mouth to speak, but Evan cut him off. "Charlie, you've got to come! There's an Elf in my bedroom!" Charlie stared at him for a minute, before chuckling lightly. "You've been reading too many of them books, Evan." He stated good-naturedly. Evan shook his head frantically. "I'm serious! There's a bloody Elf in my room, come take a look!" Dubiously, Charlie got up and followed his little brother back down the hall. He opened the door, and froze suddenly. At the sound of their approach, Legolas whirled around to face the door, nocking an arrow. When the door swung open, he quickly trained it on the two figures that now appeared there. After a moment Charlie recovered a little, and raised his hands in a placating gesture. "Umm…hey, mate," he greeted him awkwardly, not quite sure how one was supposed to react upon finding an Elf in one's house. "How're you doing?" Ignoring the question, Legolas demanded, "Where am I? And who are you?" He tried to keep his voice steady, but every fibre of his body was taut with apprehension. Evan stepped forward hesitantly. The Elf immediately shifted his aim to focus on him, but he quickly raised his hands to display his lack of weapons. "I'm Evan," he stammered nervously, "and this is my brother Charlie. What are you doing in my room?" He tried his hardest to make the question polite and non-threatening. He could scarcely believe it. Here, in his very bedroom, was a real live Elf! He must be dreaming. Surely this couldn't be real. "And please, lower your bow," he added meekly. "We're no threat." The Elf hesitantly lowered his weapon, though he remained tense and alert. "I do not know how I came to be in this…place," he said cautiously. "I was standing with my companions, when we heard a strange noise coming towards us. Suddenly everything started to spin, and when it stopped I found myself here." Evan's eyes were wide. He turned to glance at his brother. Charlie's face had gone white to the lips, and he seemed incapable of moving. Evan scrutinized him anxiously for a second, before turning back to the Elf. "What is your name?" he asked. "I am Legolas, of Mirkwood," he replied after a moment of hesitation. Evan gasped, and his eyes widened even further. "You're…you're one of the Fellowship?" he stuttered, hardly daring to believe his ears. Legolas started at the mention of the Fellowship, and glared at Evan suspiciously. "How do you know of the Fellowship?" he demanded. Evan looked into Legolas' anxious face, and wondered how he could explain it. "I've read about you," he said cautiously. "In our world, there are books about what you did…are doing." It was the Elf's turn to look surprised. "You know of our quest, then?" Evan nodded. "I know about the Ring, yes." He told him. "And of Aragorn, and Frodo, and Gandalf, and all the rest." Legolas looked at him thoughtfully. "How came you by this book?" he asked at length. "Most people here have read it. Everybody knows who you are." Evan replied. Even as he said it, a thought occurred to him. How could he keep this secret from everybody? Already, he felt certain that nobody could be allowed to know. Well, he would have to tell his family. And perhaps he could tell Joanna, too. But outside of that small group, nobody should be told. Turning back to his brother, he gave Legolas an apologetic glance. "Would you mind waiting here for a moment while I see to my brother? I think your arrival has been a little too much for him." Legolas nodded, so Evan led his mute brother gently out the door, and back to his room. He lay him down on his bed, hesitating for a moment before he returned to speak with Legolas. His mind was completely addled, and he didn't know what to think. What would they do with the Elf? When he felt he had collected himself sufficiently, he went back to his room. They would sort something out eventually. Right now, he needed to talk to Legolas. A/N: See that adorable button on the bottom left-hand corner of the screen? Now is the time to click on it! Please review; any comments or constructive criticism would really be appreciated!