soldiers in nearby rooms made my heart clench with fear. My tongue flew on ahead of my brain. "My lords, I beg of you just one favor. You said that you were in this place all night. Please tell me, was there a soldier called Dunhal?" The twins looked at one another. "I am sorry," Elrohir answered, "but I treated no man by such name." My heart constricted further, and I wondered if perhaps they were right that it was no good to hope at all. I clutched Tikvah Estel closer to my chest. "Wait," said Elladan. "Your name is Gilmith?" "Aye, my lord." "There was a soldier…his leg was broken, and there was an arrow in his side, but even as I set the bone and stitched the wound, he bore the pain by speaking of his beloved. He told me she was fairer than the city itself, gentle as a summer breeze, wise as the queens of old, and worth more than all the stars above. Each moment I asked him to endure another stroke of pain, for we did not have enough supplies to do more than dull it, he spoke her name, and so I remember it: Gilmith." Hope sprung anew in my soul. He had called me such things before, though I knew I was not particularly fair or wise. "Was he tall? With dark hair, and eyes the color of earth?" "Yes, my lady, and he bore a woven leather bracelet about his ankle, which he would not let me remove." "My Dunhal! He is alive!" Tears fell freely from my eyes. Morwen squeezed Haleth to her. "Praise the Valar! Oh, there is hope yet for this world when a father lives to see his child newly born!" "Where, Elladan?" asked Legolas. "This way!" he said, leading us through the building until we came to a large room. There were many beds within, some which were not really beds at all, and one healer who was trying to see to the needs of them all. She looked like she might kick us out until she caught sight of the twins, to whom she bowed low and welcomed within. I needed no further aid then, for I could see him. Dunhal, my dear husband, lay propped up on a straw cot not far from the door. His eyes were closed and his forehead was scrunched tight, a look I had seen on him before when he was having dark dreams. The thin coverlet was drawn up to his chest, but beneath it I could see how stiffly his left leg was held. It near broke my heart to see him so hurt, but so wonderfully alive. I knelt by his side and adjusted Tikvah so that I could hold her in one arm. With the other I reached out and brushed a stray lock of his dark hair away from his face. He was warm, but not overly so. I cupped my hand about his cheek. "Dunhal. Dunhal, my love, it is Gilmith. Will you wake for me? For us?" He groaned, and a hand came up to hold mine as his eyes opened. "Gilmith," he whispered. I cried. "Oh, blessed Valar, you're alive!" He smiled, and I think he cried, too. "Yes, and so are you. Oh my star, I have never seen anything so wonderful as the sight of you at this moment." "I can think of one," I replied. "Oh?" "Yes, and she is here, too." I took my hand away so that I could hold our daughter before him. His eyes widened, and I was sure he cried then. "Is that…?" "It is our daughter, Dunhal. Estel, say hello to your father." He caressed her face with gentle fingers. "Estel. Hello, my heart." She stared at him, making a little noise and drooling over my fingers. Dunhal laughed. "She's perfect. But Gilmith, what happened? How, when did this come about?" "A miracle. Oh! You must meet…" But when I looked up to introduce my husband to my saviors, none remained but Morwen and Haleth. I did not see them again, save from far away. I watched them ride to war as I settled Dunhal to heal in our own home, once the structure was deemed safe. I watched them return with joy in my heart, and when the king was crowned I watched with Dunhal at my side and Estel laughing in my arms. I did not mind if they forgot about us, for I would remember forever who had given our daughter her names. Tikvah Estel brought hope to our little family, and I like to believe that she had a hand in bringing hope to the rest of the world. … "Legolas," said Gimli as the galloped into the land of Gondor, "I have thought of another thing we must do before we separate once more and settle in these lands." "What is that, my friend?" asked the elf. "Do you remember the child we helped to deliver that night after the Battle of Pelanor Fields?" "Aye, of course. 'Twas we who named her, and she who encouraged me once more to risk everything I had for the world of men to come." "I should like to visit her, if it is possible. I would hate to think anything went poorly for that blessed little family once we left them, though one of the captains promised me the father made a full recovery." Legolas smiled. "I think that is a fine idea. I always felt badly that we did not say goodbye, but things happened so quickly in those days. Do you think they will remember us?" Tikvah means hope in Hebrew, and Tolkien based Khazud partially on Hebrew. *From "Tomida Feminina" ("A Swollen Woman"). You can find it + more info here: .com/2010/05/05/medieval-midwives/ **Strange as it sounds, this was a common medieval practice, and there are many respectable sources who believe that eating the placenta is perfectly healthy.