You never told us about her." He got to his feet and bowed. "My lady, it is an honor to make your acquaintance." "But…" "Mine too!" cried Pippin, following his cousins lead. Gimli made a slight bow, "A pleasure, my lady." Then he glared at Legolas. "All this time and you didn't see fit to trust me with knowledge of your wife? I had begun to think your interests lay elsewhere! I believed us to be friends now." "But Gimli, you misunder–" "Who else is with you? Are these your children?" asked Pippin, looking curiously back at the two other elves who bore a great resemblance to Legolas and his wife. " Children ?" The pair glanced at one another, then back at Legolas, who was turning quite red. They started laughing, as did the lady, and finally Legolas, too. "I think we may have jumped to our conclusions, Pip," said Merry, scratching his head. "Indeed you have!" laughed Legolas. "Mayhap we should begin again? If you will let me finish this time, dear Pippin." Pippin's ears went red, and he nodded. With a wide smile, Legolas took the lady's hand again. "Masters Peregrin, Meriadoc, and Gimli, I would like to introduce you to my mother , Queen Lorwen." Merry nearly toppled over as he, Pippin, and Gimli all cried out in surprise. " Mother ?" "It is a pleasure and an honor to meet all of you," smiled the queen. Her words had a thick but lovely accent, and she took her time with each. Pippin stuttered, "But…but…but you cannot possibly be Legolas' mother!" "Why not?" she asked. "Well, if you were Legolas' mother, you would have to be very, very old! You cannot possibly be all that much older than him. You are far too beautiful." Merry winced, afraid the queen would be offended by Pippin's candid speech. She merely laughed. "Thank you, but I am plenty old enough to be Legolas' mother. Legolas is very young; the youngest of all my children, in fact." "I don't suppose we'll ever get used to that," Merry said. "No, I do not believe we will," Pippin agreed. "But there is more!" Legolas announced. He drew the other two elves forward. The male had hair the same color as Lorwen's, partially braided around an intricate circlet of entwined silver and gold, but the same curious blue eyes as Legolas. He was slightly bigger in build and height, and the green-jeweled hilt of a sword stuck out of the scabbard resting on his hip. The female, on the other hand, was even smaller than her mother, although she still towered over the hobbits and Gimli. Her eyes were green like Lorwen's – or so Merry assumed, since one of them was covered by a sweep of her long, corn-silk colored hair. The rest of it was held back by a golden circlet, with emeralds entwined throughout it like drops of green rain. "This is my brother, Camathal, and my sister, Rosmir," said Legolas. The names tugged at Merry's memory, and he recalled Legolas speaking of both siblings at some point or another during the quest. "Well met," said Camathal. "Valar's blessings upon you," Rosmir added. Both bowed formally, and Merry found himself doing the same. "The pleasure is all ours," he declared. "Oh yes!" Pippin exclaimed, falling over himself in an attempt to make amends. "I'm sorry about earlier, but you all look so alike in age! It's impossible to tell, and I mean…oh bother." The elves laughed again. "Fear not, Master Peregrin," said Camathal, "for we have seen a perian on only one previous occasion, and could not begin to guess how old you might be." Lorwen smiled. "You must come to see our home sometime, good masters. There is much fond memory there among those who fought in the Battle of Five Armies of one of your kin. I never had the opportunity to meet him, and I feel I owe him my thanks. I owe more to you, I am sure, for helping to bring my son back to me." Something akin to fear flickered across her face, and she squeezed Legolas' arm. "Well," Merry said brightly, "we shall not keep you from your time together. You must be tired. It was a pleasure to meet you, and we apologize most heartily for our misunderstanding." "You are most kind," said Rosmir. Gimli ushered Legolas toward the citadel. "Go on now lad, have a care for your family." Looking about Merry noticed that they were the only ones who remained, except for the guards. It was high time they sought out lunch. Legolas nodded. "I shall, and we will see you this evening. Do not forget, Gimli, I intend to be here upon the arrival of your kin, as well. You don't have a wife you're hiding somewhere, do you?" Gimli blushed under his beard. "Ah, nay, lad, though I should not wonder if my mother appeared as well." Merry carefully watched for the reactions of Legolas' family to the idea of dwarves in the city. The queen remained perfectly pleasant, but both Camathal and Rosmir could not hide fleeting looks of derision. He sighed; life in Minas Tirith was certainly never going to be dull. "I look forward to making her acquaintance, then." Legolas took up his mother's arm and began to lead his family back to the citadel. "This way; they were kind enough to set us in rooms that overlook a lovely courtyard. It hasn't much in the way of life, but I found some wonderful…" Merry smiled as Legolas chattered on about the plants he had discovered growing in some abandoned corner of the city and brought back to tend in the citadel. Life would be interesting, yes, but for the moment, it was beautiful. He tugged on Pippin's arm. "Come on now, Pippin my lad! You've your duty in some hours, and Gimli and I won't have you go about it on an empty stomach!"