wooden throne carved to appear as antlers, a crown of simple branches adorning his ash colored hair. Silver robes enveloped his body as he stood from the throne and approached us, his eyes taking in every movement we made. " Lilith." He stared at me. " Y-yes, my liege." I replied in a small voice. " Do you know why you have been called before me?" " N-no, my liege." I replied again. " You have been accused of theft by the Lady Thessalia." his tone was impervious but felt like finely wrought steel to my ears. I opened my mouth, a small gasp escaping. I had never stolen anything in my entire life. "She has claimed that you stole a brooch that was very valuable. What say you?" " Lilith has never stolen anything in her entire life!" Maera exclaimed, a look of determination crossing her beautiful features. " That is not what is in question, she was accused of theft and now must answer for the charges." He never for one moment took his eyes off me, leaving me feeling naked. " I took nothing from her room, my liege. I merely assisted her in preparing a bath." " You are a kitchen server, correct?" " Yes, my liege." " You know you are forbidden on the guest floors while they are in attendance." " Yes, my liege. I could not say no to her though, she seemed quite determined after I informed her of my employment in the kitchens." " I see." He replied, pacing in front of us with a finger pressed to his chin. "She first asked you about your position here?" " Yes, upon my answering, she bade me to follow her." He seemed to consider my answer. "She has no proof other than claiming that you were in her rooms without her permission, but neither do you have proof that your claim is true." He stopped pacing and looked to me. "I cannot with good conscious ignore the woman's claim and there is still the matter of your punishment for going to the guest floors." I bowed my head to him, my fear getting the better of me. "You will be imprisoned in the dungeons below until the brooch can be located." " You believe that woman over a servant who has been faithfully in your service for years?" Maera wrapped her arms around me. "I have known this girl all of my life, she has no need for brooches or gems." " You would vouch for her?" " Yes." " Even though you risk your own freedom." " I see. This does not change anything though, she must be held accountable for her actions." " Then punish me in her stead. She does what is asked of her without question, with regard to others comforts." " You want to go to the dungeons?" He seemed baffled by both her impudence and by her willingness to take a punishment that was not hers to take. " Want and need are different, I do not want to go to the dungeons but I would do it for it is needed in this girl's defense." " And if there was another option open to you?" " What other option would there be?" We stared at the king in confusion. He stood, facing Maera with an expression of interest on his face. "I have a position open that might be preferable to the dungeons, and it would release your friend from punishment and perhaps would even raise her status." " What do you speak of?" She asked, curiosity getting the better of her. " Would you agree to such a position? I would compensate you, your family and her family if you accept." " I want to know about the position." He smiled and for a moment I was awed by his beauty that seemed to shine within the room. "Accept it first." Maera looked to me, her face speaking volumes about what she would do for and I for her. "Remember our pact." she whispered to me. "I go no where without you, or you without me." I nodded. "Sister of my heart." Maera turned to the king. "I accept." Those two words had changed our fate forever, overnight our positions changed, our rooms were relocated, and new lives began. This was perhaps when we had begun to pull away from each other, her not wishing to hurt me with the details of her position, and me unable to overcome my guilt. If I had known what the position entailed, I would never have allowed her to accept a punishment for me. She looked at me now from the looking glass. "Do not dwell on the past." She spoke softly. "I have endured no pain, but often thought the same. If I had known, would I still have made that choice?" My heart entreated to know the answer, to know if our pact was still in place with her own heart, she smiled. "I would have. I have learned much, and have gained us both much from this arrangement. Do not fret. Soon all will be well again." I frowned into the looking glass. "You don't need to escort me tonight, I think I will walk alone." I shook my head. "I cannot. I go where you go." She smiled sadly once more. "Please. Take the night off." "You know I cannot, it is my mission to protect you and to escort you." "Please." She asked again, I frowned from beneath my helm. I shook my head once more. "I am very sorry then." "Sorry? Sorry for what?" She turned around to face me, embracing me tightly before moving away from me. "This is where our paths diverge." I looked away from her with a look of confusion and caught a flurry of movement in the mirror right before a sharp pain radiated out from the back of my head and the world went black.