Elf, and I know it in my heart. And if the Valar care not for me, then smite me into the waters and kill me there, for naught for a second longer shall I sit here and die slowly. Lost am I to the world of Men and invisible am I to the Elvish Race. No more. -- I am now in the Grey Havens. I am building a vessel to carry me away from this land, and long have I thought to take Arwen's body with me, but my strength fails me and I am fading. I know naught if it is from lack of nutrition or from my desire to fix my ailing heart. To be accepted into a race I which I never was meant to be part of. Three years have I been here in the Havens, working one a vessel to bore me away from this land. I am nearly finished. All I need now is to name the vessel. I know naught what to name it. I know naught what I want. I am going to council with some of Lord Elrond's books for one final time to find a name befitting my vessel. -- I sit here before my ship, that is nameless, much like I am to this world, a passing shadow. Searched in vain have I for two days for a name for my vessel but yet a smart name eludes me. Then I will have to sail from this world alone, in a single vessel with no name. Fair well to ye who dwell in this land, I am certain to perish at sea. If this book is found remember that the time of the Elves has passed. But most of all remember my story. No, we cannot so immerse ourselves, mortal we are, into elvish life and expect it to come to end well. I am spent. My life lingers, teetering on the brink of the glass, waiting to take its final dive, and so to this world I say goodbye, and turn now to the sea. Ah, I have thought of a name for my Vessel. Quella Elandili (a/n: Roughly meaning: Invisible Half- Elf) (POV switches from 1st person) The vessel sailed carrying a broken Aranel away from Middle Earth. She had tucked away a copy of her journal in Cirdan's, the shipwright of the Elves', desk. The other copy she took on board the ship with herself and clutched it to herself as she lay on the floor of the vessel as it sailed its course. Aranel's life did linger on a haze between life and death for the many weeks she was at Sea. But the Valar took pity on her and allowed her vessel to sail its course to Valinor and when it did dock she had been sleeping. Lord Cirdan stepped unto the vessel and glanced down at the mortal who lay on the brink of death. He was intrigued by the craftsmanship of the vessel, but did not know what he could do with the broken female. So he left the vessel in the dock and went to fetch Lord Celeborn, Elrond, Glorfindel, Gandalf, King Thranduil and Prince Legolas. They all stood upon the ship eyeing the broken female quietly. Her eyes fluttered open just as Haldir, Elladan and Elrohir entered the ship. Elladan was startled to see this woman in his tunic and leggings. She slowly became aware that she was surrounded. She rolled on her back and slowly opened her eyes to face a curious looking Elrond. He was holding her book open and seemingly reading the ending out loud to those around her. Her vision blurred and her life threatened to fall again. " I sit here now. And as I write this story in one of Elrond's unfinished books I wonder, will someone else befall this fate? Will another Mortal befall what I have? My heart pains me, and when I looked in the mirror this morn I saw the reflection of hollow eyes, and red rimmed lids. Pale have I gotten of late, foolish have I been to think that if I knew enough about elves I could somehow win the favor of the Valar." Elrond noticed her waking and bent down over her. "Aranel? Vedui'…"(a/n: Welcome) Her eyes snapped open as she jerked her head toward the voice. She smiled back tears as her eyes came into focus. "Guren linna gen cened Heru en amin Elrond" (a/n: My heart sings to see thee my Lord Elrond) He stepped back to offer her a hand, and she took it happily and shakily stood up. She looked around her and smiled. "Heru en amin Celeborn, Thranduil, Legolas, Glorfindel, Elladan, Elrohir, Haldir… Heru en amin Olorin…." She bowed to each respective Elf, then the wizard and then stood looking down at her feet. Elrond placed arm around her shoulder and guided her to the white shores. "Vedui a Valinor…" he whispered into her ear. (a/n: Welcome to Valinor) She nodded quietly and prayed thanks to the Valar. Most of the Elves wondered how the mortal had arrived to Valinor unscathed. She had just ended up on the shores of the Blessed Land and their shock soon wore off to welcome. Aranel lived among the Elves in Valinor for another 10 years before she passed away. Elrond had taken her as his daughter, and Elladan an Elrohir opened up to her very quickly. Aranel had succeeded in charming the affections of the March Warden and they happily became partners. When Aranel passed, the Elves sang a lament for her, and she was placed in a marble coffin that Haldir crafted for her. To this day the shores of Valinor speak of the simple mortal girl who was able to achieve feats that have not been repeated in any lands. Aranel, the mortal, the invisible half elf, as she called her vessel. A/N: This was a short piece. I liked it. Revised