he say?" Nibs had a suspicion that his new friend may have said more than he was supposed to. Tawlin affirmed this suspicion when he immeadiately started to intensely busy himself with rummaging about inside his cart before muttering his response. "Not important, that." Nibs shrugged then continued on with settling Buttercup in. From outside the cave came the sound of torrential rain and hail and the sky grew even darker. Nibs found it hard to believe that it was only late in the afternoon on an early summer day. Tawlin hauled out a pile of folded blankets from the back of the cart. "Well, Nibs Lad, unless I am mistaken this storm is not likely to let up until well after dark. I think you had best stay here with Buttercup and me though I suspect your family will be fretting for you." "My mum will but only a little. They knew I was likely to be out and about until dinner time, visiting with friends. They will assume that I am staying with one of them but Mum will still worry a bit that I was caught outdoors when the storm hit." Together Dwarf and hobbit set up camp, prepared then shared a meal all the while telling one another of themselves. Tawlin sympathized with Nibs' struggles to measure up to his older siblings and to be seen as more than just a 'nib' of a Hobbit. Tawlin admitted that he had no specific business bringing him to The Shire at that time, he just happened to enjoy passing through when he was on his way else where. "So where is it you are headed?" asked Nibs. "I'm on my way to Bree to see a man about some jewels," replied Tawlin with a puff of his pipe. "Jewels! Well are you buying them or selling them?" Nibs asked excitedly. "I'm selling them of course. Dwarves have no reason to buy what they can pull from the earth anytime they have a wish to." "Can I see them? I have never looked at jewels up close or touched them." Tawlin chuckled. The lads eyes were bright as sapphires in their excitement. "Very well, Laddy, so you shall." Tawlin pushed himself up off the ground and went over to the cart and started to rummage around in it. Nibs wondered, not for the first time, what all was being pulled about in that cart. "Ah, here it is," called Tawlin then grunted as he lifted smallish casket from the cart. In the firs and torch light Nibs could see that the casket was made of oak reinforced with burnished iron bands. The wood was carved with angular designs that Nibs new were usual to things dwarf made but he had never seen designs as elaborate as these. On the front of the casket there were seven raised copper shapes. Tawlin pushed on them one at a time in a random seeming sequence. Each one slid inwards then with the last one Nibs heard a click then the lid of the casket lifted ever so slightly. "Come on over and take a seat next to me, boy, so that you have the light of the torch helping you to see better." Nibs did as he was told. Once settled companionably next to Tawlin, the grizzled grey dwarf lifted the lid of the casket. Nibs gasped as it appeared that a riot of colored flame bust from the open casket. "Now there's something I don't see everyday!" breathed Nibs. Tawlin chuckled, "No, Lad, I don't suppose you do. The good Hobbits of this world don't seem to set much of a store by such things as jewels. Their pretty to look at but they don't have much practical use for all their being highly prized by men, elves and dwarves." Nibs frowned, "Why do all of you care for them so much, then? What do you do with them?" Tawlin lifted a large rough cut ruby, that Nibs figured was about the size of both his fists put together, then held it up so that it alone could catch the firelight and shoot it back out in a mesmerizing way. "We, and by that I mean Humans and Elves as well as Dwarf kind, we like to cut these stones into new shapes and combine them with things wrought of metal to make beautiful things, jewelry to be worn, ornamenting particularly special knives and swords. They have even been used to decorate our homes. The Elves like to put them where sunlight can shine on and through them. Down in our underground cities jewels become our flowers, you get my meaning, young friend." Nibs smiled at the blaze of color before him, "Yes I do, Tawlin. Yes I do." The two friends while away several hours closely examine all of the jewels in the casket. Tawlin naming off each kind and sharing all he knew of them and describing the places beneath the ground of where he found them. After while Nibs yawned a large aching yawn, in his hand he clutched a sapphire the size of a walnut. "Well, my young friend, I think it is time that we turned in for the night. Don't you?" Nibs looked longingly down at the stone in his hand, "I suppose so." Tawlin chuckled"Go on with you, Nibs, and take that stone with you. It seems it has found a friend in you so it would not be right to take you from it." "Really?" Nibs could hardly believe what he heard. "You really mean I can keep it? For always and everything?" "'For always and everything' as you put it," laughed Tawlin. Nibs jumped to his feet and impulsively gave the burly dwarf a hug. "Thank you, Tawlin. For the sapphire and... and... well and everything. I sure am glad that old cart got stuck. If you get my meaning." "That I do, Nibs Lad," returning the boy's hug. "That I do."