child," but the tone of my voice does not match my words. Legolas smiles; a small thing, there and then gone. We are showing him off, and although he does not entirely understand it, we are happy and so he endures. He has a bow – it is not his own… not so fine – and he turns and walks into the middle of the enclosure. He walks as though he is not blindfolded at all, as though he can see everything quite clearly, and the weapons master comes over to Aragorn with a leather bag. Inside are clay balls, all of them with small bells held within, and when Legolas stops and Aragorn makes himself ready there is a hush that falls across us all. I feel a thrill of anticipation, and I know that I am grinning like a fool but I do not care. I have seen this before, and I never tire of it. My friend stands, so fine and fair, but there is no doubt at all – despite his grace and difference – that what stands before us is a fine warrior. Dangerous and wild, so focussed that it touches us all; it is like the tension before a storm, held tight and full of the promise of violence. Aragorn gives no warning, but with a sharp sí he throws the first clay ball high into the night sky. There is the faintest sound, only the softest clink of a bell deep within clay and I am an orc if I can see the damned thing, but of course Legolas draws his bow in a single movement, holds and then releases, and there is the sound of a clay ball being broken into pieces high above us in the sky. The bell sings, louder now upon its release, and falls to the ground. There is a murmur of appreciation, but this is not the end of it. Aragorn throws again and again, quicker, one after the other until the sky is full of them. Legolas pulls, draws, releases. His stance shifts minutely, a careful flow of movement as he tracks the sound and hits every single one. Every clay ball breaks in the air, every bell falls free, and when his quiver is empty of arrows Aragorn calls a soft ' daro' , and the men begin to laugh and applaud, appreciative of what they have seen. Legolas removes his blindfold and bows, the expression on his face studious and blank. He has been doing this since he was an elfling, it is naught to him – no real achievement – and of course he does not quite know what to do with the cheering, but he smiles to Aragorn when he hands back the blindfold. He walks away as quickly as he can without seeming in too much of a hurry, returns to my side with a wry look that asks if he is done performing for us. I grin at him and clap him on the shoulder, and his look softens into one of genuine pleasure. Aragorn re-joins us as a few lads try to replicate what he has done, but they are a little bit drunk, laughing and spinning their blindfolded friends around. I imagine that this is going to become rather dangerous, rather quickly. "I should fetch those bells," I tell Aragorn once he arrives back with us. "I have been meaning to sew some into his clothing for a while now." The king laughs, Legolas rolls his eyes and we move away from the group. They are not completely relaxed around us; not around a dwarf, or Legolas' impenetrable silence, and not around their king. This is their celebration, and so we leave them to it. We begin to walk back toward the city, a huge and distant darkness against a starlit sky. It is still very warm, but it is an oddly lonely experience to leave such noise and brightness behind us. It feels cold, although it is not, and the sounds of music and voices fall away as we leave them behind. It is quiet on the walk back, but I am in the company of my good friends and it is not an unpleasant silence. I can hear our soft footfalls and the wind shifting in the grass now, which I could not hear before. There is nothing that I can hear of the elf, but it is completely dark and so I can see the soft light that he carries with him… starlight reflected, clear and pure. His eyes are cast upward, and there is a look of peace upon him that has always touched me somehow. It is difficult to be cross or troubled when an elf looks that way, because all is well in the world when peace comes upon the Eldar. "Perhaps this might become a yearly celebration," Aragorn muses to himself. "Today was a good day." "Aye," I nod in agreement, and I smile although I know that he cannot see it. Today was a good day. END This one was for Zardi and for Cheekybeak, both of whom get a special thanks this time for their continued support. Cheekybeak has been asking for Aragorn/Three Hunters stuff for pretty much ever, and this is a way of throwing her off the scent when it comes to Silence (she has quite a knack for guessing everything that's going to happen WAY in advance) Hope the last two have made you happy dear :) Well, another year gone for The Silence in the Song and this draws the birthday celebrations to a close quite nicely... with a celebration! I hope that you have enjoyed these fics, and I'd love to hear your thoughts on them. I'm off out in... very soon (eek, not ready!) so this is a very rushed author's note, but I will see you all really soon with the next update. I hope you have a great weekend :) MyselfOnly