more these days and I shall be helping him back up again, that is for certain. I offer him my pouch of pipe weed, and he takes it gratefully. "It is the only escape I have from them, at times," I tell the stars, breathing out a lung of smoke. "They cannot abide the smell." He grunts, and I get nothing from him for a while. He is enjoying the preparation; the smell of the weed, tamping it down into his pipe, lighting a tinder and pulling it deep. He draws the smoke appreciatively and lets it sail; out into the darkness, out toward the lights. "You are different, lad," he tells me softly, and I finally look around at him. He is sat much like I am, and I can only see him in silhouette but his eyes glitter like coal in the darkness. I cannot read them. "You are quiet, you act like one of them." I bristle instantly. I pull myself upright, I feel every ounce of annoyance and tension that I had managed to rid myself of suddenly reappear until my heart begins to beat all the faster. Gloin reaches out and rests one hand upon my arm, just for a moment. "It is not entirely a bad thing, Gimli. I will never like them, never in my life will I understand why anyone would, but look at you: not a strand of grey in your beard yet, and you have the bearing of an elder." "Aye, but not the wisdom," I snort, because I cannot help it, and my father smiles but it is only for a short time. I feel the smile drop away and I rub at my face wearily. "Legolas and I have been through much, father. More than I have ever told you, and his friends – my friends – they have been there as well. What happened with you and Thorin and the others, everything I have been told and taught… it is not what I have lived." "I do not expect that you should live my life, Gimli," he says. "I have never been much of a father to you, but I wanted something different than the life you have lived. Your mother and I did not wish you to be a warrior, and I am glad that she never saw it, but she would be proud of the dwarf that you have become. I am proud of the dwarf that you have become." I am astounded once again. I stare at him open mouthed, slack jawed, and if I do not blink soon then my eyes will dry out. It seems that I have done Gloin much disservice, because he is surprising me over and over again. He has made the first step toward peace with Thranduil, something I had never expected to see in any of my years, and now this? He snorts and waves his hand at me, suddenly brusque and gruff voiced. "Mahal's beard boy, do not weep! I say it because I mean it and you need say nothing else." And I smile, on far more familiar ground now. He glances at me out of the corner of one eye and I see a glint there that is different; amusement perhaps? Warmth? I am unsure; I would not recognise it on his face in the daylight, I have no hope at all in the dark. Instead I fumble at my pouch of pipe weed and I grumble something into my beard, but nothing that makes any sense. We sit in silence for the rest of the evening, until I finally begin to feel pity for Legolas. We share adjoining rooms when we are here, and I am hopelessly lost within the citadel so I will need a guide. It is a perfect opportunity for him to leave. I stand, I make as if to go but something stops me. My father looks suddenly very small… a ghost of what he was when I was a lad. He does not have a wife any longer, he has scant few friends, and his son would sooner spend time with elves than with him. He is old now, there are no battles left to fight and no armies left to marshal. His people flourish and his lands are well tended. What is left for him now, other than to try to make amends in the last of his years? Suddenly his gesture with Thranduil makes far more sense, and I stop. He looks up at me expectantly, and do I see hope there? Do I see uncertainty? Probably not, more than likely it is just starlight against coal black eyes, but I wonder… "It is good to see you, father," I tell him hesitantly, and the words feel clumsy and difficult. This is terribly awkward. "Perhaps I might find time to visit soon." There is a moment where everything stops, and I have fought battles easier than this. Gloin is frozen, unsure, and I am all but dancing with discomfort. I suddenly understand Legolas all the better. If he feels this trapped and ready for flight as often as I think he does, then I have an apology to make for making him stay as often as I do. Gloin smiles; a huge and bright thing that looks strange on his face. For a brief moment in time it feels as though he is a father and I am a son, and he is happy for us to spend time together. By Eru we have much time to make up for… we have lost so much of it. "Aye," he nods, "I think that might be grand. And if you truly wish, and you cannot avoid it at all, and if you leave him outside, then you may even bring your elf." END Reviews, people! Feed them to me! :) As always, I really hope you enjoyed this and I hope you have a great weekend. MyselfOnly