I cannot recall any day in my life when there was no Legolas – he has been there since my earliest memories. He has taught me and consoled me, carried me to my bed when I was very small. He has reprimanded me, we have played games and spoken long into the night. If I lose him, it is the same as a mortal death to me, and I understand his fear all too well. I feel the recent echoes of it all too keenly. I try to think of something wise to say. I try to imagine what Elrond might say, or even my mother, but I come up blank. It is not often that I have had to settle the heart of an elf, to provide comfort when I have always been the one to require it, but I cannot think of anything wise. I am Estel and not Elrond, and instead I simply tell him the truth. "I think that you fear it more than I do," I tell him, and I try to make my tone lighter… try to pull him from this morbid mood of his. I am rewarded with a smile, although it is a sad one, and he sighs. "I think perhaps you are right," he admits. "You will be sailed by then, my friend. Or perhaps I will have finally found you too aggravating to speak to, and we will be friends no longer. Perhaps I will have strangled you." This time when he snorts it is a more familiar sound, and it says quite plainly that I am welcome to try. I turn my tone again, I put the smallest hint of childishness into it, of pleading. He has never been able to deny me anything I have asked of him when I use this tone. "We have few years together Legolas by your own say so, but although it is a heartbeat to you, to me it is a lifetime. Let us not speak of the end so soon." He sighs again but he nods, and I can see the moment in which he shakes free of his musings. He attempts a smile – a real one – and although there is a faint echo of sadness there, he manages it quite well. It is soft and bright, golden in the sunlight, and I feel a weight fall free from my shoulders. The relief makes me feel guilty. I will have to get better at this, I think. He reaches one hand down to me, I reach up and he grasps my frozen hand with one that is bafflingly warm. There is a struggle as he pulls me up onto the narrow bank; it is steep and high, and I am only a man, but once we are stood together it is worth the embarrassment of my scrabbling and stumbling. The path drops away into a steep hill, and we are at its summit. We are high enough to see the fall ahead of us, autumn gold and ice sharp. It winds away into forever, or so it seems, and I can see forested hills and valleys stretching away endlessly. Mist pools in the lower parts, and the higher places burn with light. The whole of Arda is laid out before us, wrapped around us, winding behind us… a whole world. My feet itch, and for a moment I wish nothing more than to simply keep walking and not return. Not until I have seen it all. A bird calls, bright and sharp, and I put my hands to my hips, a grin stretching unbidden across my face. "Well," I huff white into the morning. "Isn't that a thing…" Legolas and I catch one another's gaze, and this time his smile is completely natural and free of any darkness. I see it all in that look of his: the wildness and wanderlust, the call of the hidden places – it runs through him, burns in his veins, and I can feel it too. It washes free all of the fear I have felt for him, all of the last weeks that cling to my heart like shadows, and for a moment we understand one another perfectly. I watch him for a while, even after he returns his attention to the forest, because I never tire of seeing my friend this way. This… this Legolas, the wild and alive one, he slowly replaces the one that has caught and burned into my mind. Hurt and insensible with pain and fever, scrabbling against the stone to escape. It has frightened me, I have never imagined that I might lose him before now, and suddenly everything is so much more precious and urgent. I do not have forever. I was not born with an eternity ahead of me and so there will never be enough time. Not with my friends, not to see it all, but I have a lifetime and I am willing to try. If the days that I am granted are spent filled with moments like this one – moments of beauty and endless freedom, with a friend by my side – then I have no fear of them ending. I have no fear at all. END Veeeeery slightly less cheerful than yesterday's offering, but still kinda hopeful and hey - Aragorn! I wrote young Aragorn. Go me :) Not too much rambling today, but I really hope you have enjoyed the second part of the birthday celebrations for 'Silence. If you liked it, please just let me know. I love hearing from you all. Thanks go to Lindir's Ghost for the beta. I've been writing from Gimli's point of view for so long now that I do struggle speaking as Legolas or Aragorn. She spotted all of my Gimli-isms so I could fix them :) Tomorrow we will see the Three Hunters reunited, and they will have a bit of a celebration themselves! Have a great weekend :) MyselfOnly