the colour of fire – dancing and shivering. Before us rises an oak, huge and broad. Its leaves are late to turn: just starting to fade in places so that it is a patchwork of old summer green, bronze and yellow. It is a fine tree, strong and sturdy and grand. I remember the day that we planted it. My memory fades, day by day, but I remember it just as I remember the day that an acorn was given to me by a friend, new and strange to me. A gift, and one that I carried with me all of our paths together until it split… until a delicate curl of green found its way free, and was planted here. Legolas gave me this tree. "Would you have done anything different, Gimli?" he asks me softly. His voice is almost lost in the wind, and I do not look at him because I cannot bear it. I cannot bear to see him just as he always has been, just as he always will be, and know what he sees when he looks at me… old, stooped and grey. I am not the Gimli that has run this land with him all of these years. I never will be again. "Aye," I tell him. "I would have kept myself to myself in Lothlorien." He is still and silent for a moment before he laughs; a soft huff of sound, light and exasperated. I smile as well, but only to myself. I have always liked to make him laugh. I reach out and I pat at his hand, because he is sad. He pulls his knees up, tucks his hands beneath them as though he is drawing everything into as small a space as possible, as though he protects something that hurts inside. "No, laddie. Nothing at all." "We have never gone anywhere apart, not for a long time… not so that I can remember how. Soon we must both go where the other cannot." He is right, of course, but what is to be done about it? I do not know why he is speaking like this. Legolas never speaks of it, and although he does not ignore what is happening, season by season and right in front of his eyes, he does not say a word on it. Neither of us do… neither of us can. I have been silent for too long and he is looking at me, intense and heavy, and it has been a long time indeed since I have felt intimidated by those eyes, but it is still uncomfortable. "A dwarf does not walk the path of the Firstborn," I tell him, and I can hear the weariness in my own voice. I do not want to talk about this. "We can share it for a time, and I have enjoyed sharing your path very much Legolas, but you should not be here anymore, and I am very tired." The elfling silences, rests his chin upon his knees and looks out at our tree. It carries all of our memories and footsteps, sorrows and fears. It will be here for a long time, even when we are not. It gives me some comfort, my acorn. "Come with me?" he asks, and I almost miss it. He does not turn to me, he does not look at me at all. The wind lifts his hair, a brush of golden silk in the autumn sun but everything about him is as still as the hill we sit upon. He is afraid. "I cannot," I tell him flatly. "I know that you pay attention upon occasion, and I know my being a dwarf has not escaped you." "You are elvellon , and I cannot bear to leave you behind. Not you." He still does not look at me and I am glad, because I am stunned. I did not think that he could surprise me any longer: I had imagined that everything Legolas could say or do has either been said or done, or at least so that I might anticipate anything new. My elf is a book to me, or so I had thought, and I am strangely pleased that he can still shock me. Go with him? Frodo was neither the first nor the last of those named 'elf friend' to be welcomed to the Undying Lands. He sailed, I could sail, but I had never thought. Not once. Legolas and I have walked every league of Arda. We have visited every land, we have suffered every hardship and experienced every joy that my years could grant. We have seen all that we wished to see and we have done so side by side, and even whilst he spent his days in Ithilien and I returned home to the Lonely Mountain I was never truly rid of him. Not fully. We have spent nights beneath the stars and before our fires reminiscing of our wanderings: an elf and a dwarf, friends despite that no one ever truly understood it. I still do not. Another journey? I do not know that I can. I am too old, too tired, too worn. Even on the shores of Eldamar I will not live until the breaking of the world, not as he will. It is a long road to the sea and a long crossing. I have struggled just to get up this hill, but then Legolas was there to help me. Until the end, Legolas will always be there, and I do not wish to leave him behind either. He looks at me finally, and when our gaze meets there is much there; many years and many stories. Many leagues, many tears and a lifetime of laughter. I smile, and for a moment I do not feel the years. I do not feel them at all. ' Come with me,' he says, and I smile. Another journey… aye . Our last. I'd love to hear your thoughts. MyselfOnly