visit him when he was not well was a bit unbelievable. "Excuse me, my Lord," said the head chef, "but Faramir has been visiting you everyday. He brings most of your trays up and down, except for the last few days it seems." Boromir let this process and he froze. The cooks looked at him unsurely before he turned and bolted. He sprinted across corridors and found Faramir in his room. His brother looked up. "I have to speak to you," Boromir said, panting. Faramir stood up when Boromir looked as if he were going to faint. He did and fell in Faramir's arms. After a moment, Boromir stood up groggily and stared at Faramir. He always did love his brother's face. He lifted a hand up to cup his cheek and saw how it fit perfectly. "Boromir, what are you doing?" Faramir asked uncomfortably. Surely, his brother could not have known already. After hearing his voice, Boromir was sure. "It is you," he said and embraced him. He noticed how tense his brother was. "What's wrong?" "We can't do this, Boromir," Faramir said tearfully, lying. "People will talk. You are an important Man. You will be looked down upon." "Tell me why I should care. Kisses have never been so sweet, my heart will never have hurt as bad as it will if you turn me away." Boromir lifted Faramir's chin and gazed into his eyes. "I meant what I said. I love you." Faramir's eyes were watery. "Boromir. I love you too. But I can't!" His voice dropped and he whispered, almost afraid, "I'm scared!" Boromir remembered suddenly that his brother had been with someone a few days ago other than himself. "Who is it? Who is haunting you? Tell me and I'll kill him." "No. You cannot kill one whom I love. He will come for me again and again. But you cannot kill him," Faramir murmured softly through his cracked voice. Boromir realized why he hadn't known it was Faramir the moment he heard his voice. Faramir's illness made his voice scratchy and different sounding - not at all like his usual pleasant voice. After hearing Faramir's words, Boromir grew angry. "Surely you do not love this penetrator enough that you will protect him? You love him more than me?" Not hearing a response, Boromir fled the room. That night, Boromir could not sleep. He knew he would not be able to rest until he spoke to Faramir again. He stood from his bed and wore a robe before he set out for his brother's room. Stopping outside the room, he heard voices. Through the thickness of the door, he could not tell whom they belonged to. "Please stop. I beg of you," came a soft voice that Boromir was automatically able to tell as Faramir's. Was he being forced? Boromir grew angry at the thought. He slowly withdrew his knife. "In need of more persuasion again tonight? Just accept the fact that I will take you every night. Look forward to it. No other will want you after this." He heard the unsheathing of a knife and suddenly, Faramir's loud pained cry. Boromir entered the room loudly and jumped on the man who was assaulting his lover. A knife was aimed at his face and he brushed it away until his own knife came to rest at the man's throat. "Father!" Boromir cried. "Why!" Denethor appeared just as surprised as Boromir. But then his face was filled with malice. "Why rescue this pathetic excuse for a human being?" he asked. "He has no further use in this world other than for our pleasure. If you wish a turn, I will grant it to you." Boromir let the knife dig deeper. "How long have you been raping my brother?" "Rape? The little whore enjoys it. Do not condemn me for it." "How long!" Boromir drew blood. "Years," Denethor choked out. Boromir let his eyes sweep to Faramir and saw him looking away, blood running down his chest and legs. How beautiful he looked, and how he was forsaken. Boromir regretted not have finding out sooner. "Your fate rests with Faramir's decision," Boromir growled and he gestured for Faramir to come forward. Boromir lifted his knife and held his brother. "What would you have me do with this bastard? Kill him? Or let him live this miserable life?" Denethor choked with fear. "You cannot kill your own father, Boromir. Surely you do not hold this harlot above me?" Boromir ignored him and turned to his brother. "Do not kill him," Faramir said. "For then I would not be able to live peacefully." Boromir nodded and slowly got off his father. Denethor got up quickly and ran away. Boromir shut the door after him. He then looked at Faramir. "I must tell you something before I leave." Faramir looked at him. The two worked together to clean the blood off him. Afterwards, Boromir spoke again. "I bless this blindness because it brought out the best in other people. Without it, I would never have met you in the true light. And if you leave, I would never be able to love another." "Even if I never kissed you again, never touched you again, I would still love you with all that I have. Brother or not. You say you do not wish to shame me? Nothing would shame me more than standing at the altar with a woman I do not love. Kissing a woman I have never felt this intense feeling for." Faramir looked at him. For a moment, Boromir thought he would reject him again. But then Faramir smiled and said softly, invitingly, "Then will you stay with me tonight?" Boromir nodded and chuckled. When Faramir asked why he was laughing, he simply answered, "Because today, life is good." And then he kissed Faramir. Please tell me what you think. I haven't written in a while so this may be fairly rough. Hope you liked it!