a witch." Glorfindel remained silent for a while as his brain registered every information, every lie. Malia was dead. No! Malia could not be dead! They were supposed to live together and be happy! "No!" he cried, "You're lying! Tis impossible!" "I am sorry, my friend!" the gravity in Elrond's voice told him that the Peredhel was not deceiving him. "Burnt!" he repeated as the most horrid of all the information he had been given was finally processed, "Alive?" "She was accused of having enchanted the King with dark magic!" "But it is a lie! Thranduil's obsession for her was his own curse! Malia was not a witch! She was... gentle and... sweet... and so young! Far too young, far too gentle to be condemned to such cruel agony!" he put his face in his hands, unable to bear the thought of his beloved suffering the same plight as he had. At least, he had been protecting his home; his torment had had a meaning. "I am terribly sorry," Elrond continued, "The Prince tried to spare her by giving her away to Lord Celeborn but the messenger took too long," his spoke softly, "I know how much you cared for her. Her death was utterly unjust and cruel." "I loved her. I wanted to bind myself to her but she refused! She said I should not wish to die, even for love!" "A great wisdom for such youth!" Glorfindel did not speak again. He lost his gaze on the horizon, looking for shades of green on the bright walls. The Lord of the House handed him a small box. "Legolas trusted me to give you this," he said, "He thought you should want to have them!" The Vanya accepted the box and opened it. His heart swelled and burst upon seeing the tiny grains of silver. He looked up to his friend. Elrond gave him a small sad smile. Glorfindel shut the box with a loud thud. He closed his eyes briefly. She was dead. The King had eventually consumed her. "Thranduil!" he whispered as he remembered the identity of the sinner, a white anger growling in his throat. "He's dead!" Glorfindel turned to him, confusion on his face. Elrond talked further, "He went to the Halls of Mandos on his own accord." Glorfindel nodded. He wished he could have felt compassion and sadness for an Eldar who had chosen to take his own life, but the madness in which he had fallen was too deep to ever be vanquished; he had gone too far to be saved. He stared at the box again and held it tight against his bandaged chest. Around him all felt suddenly cold and decaying. Over the following months, Elrond grew worried for his friend for no elf could survive the loss of the one they loved. Grief overcame them till it consumed their immortal soul. The warmth and the brightness of the Valley no longer reached the Balrog Slayer's heart who remained unmoved and unaffected by his surroundings. He spent his days by the waterfall near the Last Homely House, blinking blankly at the golden rays of the sun. Nightmares made rest impossible for he was assaulted by dark visions of biting whips, pyres and giant monsters; and the screams, how loud were they! He thought of her and of her absence – of her excruciating death – and he wondered whether there really was any sense at all to the conundrum of life; his seemed terribly endless. "How did you survive the loss of your brother?" he once asked Elrond as the Peredhel visited him. The half-elven stopped on the edge of the bridge and observed the rapid flows of the water below, "I never did." "Yet, you have remained among us," Glorfindel noted. "But have lost half of myself forever." Glorfindel looked away; of all his friends, Elrond was one of those who had suffered the most. Elrond continued, "I could have perished of grief; I chose not to." He had built a Kingdom instead. Glorfindel remained silent for a while as they both listened to the coursing water. "I wish to sail west," the Balrog Slayer eventually announced, his eyes still lost before him. Elrond did not give any answer for he knew it to be the only solution to avoid Glorfindel's passing. The sand was white, almost silver, and the ocean the purest of turquoise. Flowers around were as huge as he and blossomed in beautiful shades of dark pink and blue. The colors were almost too bright and too vivid, even for his elven eyes. Trees stood, strong and proud. Before him, in the distance, the white habitations overlooked the far away mountains and the lush forest and the vast plains; their architecture a great reminder of Gondolin. He closed his eyes and breathed. Nature was at peace. Valinor was exactly how he remembered it to be. The elves who had sailed with him hurried to retrieve their loved ones whom they had not seen for centuries. His own heart swelled with bitterness as he watched their joyful reunions. He stared at the small box he was protectively holding and the bitterness grew. A sudden gust of wind disturbed the summer tranquility of the beach. He looked up with a frown, lost in thoughts, then back at the box again. A smile of understanding graced his lips. He closed his eyes briefly in silent thanks to Manwe and with a drumming beat of his heart opened it. He watched heavy with emotion as Malia was blown away, laughing, dancing, swirling, flying freely up into the Aman sky. That night as he stared at the sky, Glorfindel was almost certain that a new star was born. I must say I feel much lightier even though now I have already started to write the chaptered version of this - an anlternate version of this alternate story! I hope you liked it! Fell free to let me them know of your thoughts!