to The Prancing Pony then went over to Aragorn. "How are you this night," I asked. "As well as may be, I suppose. Who are the four Halflings you came in with," he asked. "Well, the two that look much alike are Peregrin Took and Meridoc Brandybuck. They prefer Pippin and Merry, respectively. The round one is Samwise Gamgee, or Sam he prefers. He enjoys gardening so if you find yourself bored, you can always ask him about that. The forth is my Da. Going by Underhill. Da said he was supposed to meet Gandalf here." "Something has happened to him. What, I do not know. I can only hope nothing more than he can handle." "I hope the same. I suppose I should keep an eye on Merry and Pippin. The two of them used to cause all sorts of trouble. Often times I was among them. Or even more common, getting them into trouble and watch as they try to get themselves out of it. They met Tom Bombadil and Goldberry. They know what barrow-rights are now. I suspect they do not wish to even think of Barrow-Wights ever again." "Do I want to know?" "Most likely not. I will be staying the night at the inn a few streets down." "It is not a very safe place to stay, Hunter." "There is no room here. I will be fine. I have had to go there before. They think I am far more dangerous than I really am. I will be here in the morning." He nodded. I bid Da and the other hobbits a good night then left for the other inn. After Aragorn, Da, and the others left, I retrieved my belongings and horse from the other inn and rented a room for two for the night at The Prancing Pony . At nightfall, I waited in the tavern part. An elderly man with a tall blue pointed hat, clothed in grey with a silver scarf, long white beard that went below his belt-which had Glamdring on it-, and bushy eyebrows came up to Mr. Butterbur. "Ah, Mr. Gandalf! Hunter of the Rangers has rented a room for the two of you already. He has your key. He's over there at that corner table. You'd want a hot meal, I reckon. The usual to eat and drink, I assume?" "Oh, yes dear Barliman," Gandalf replied. Gandalf turned and made his way to me. As he sat down, I have him his key and said, "I've come a long way from the starving, dying boy you left at Bag End." His went wide. "Indeed, my boy! Is he hear?" I shook my head. "He left earlier today with Strider. Thank you for leaving me with Da." "Well, I couldn't very well leave you out there to die on your own, now could I? How have you been, Hunter?" "Doing quite well. I met Stroll and Strider's cousin when I was sixteen and out exploring the Shire and its borders. The next time I left Bag End, I was taken to the village and learned of my Dúnedain heritage. I got married at seventeen. I have twin sons already. My wife is soon to give birth to another set of twins." "And which young woman is the lucky one?" "Ranger's daughter." "Ah. Last I spoke with Ranger, several years ago, he had told me he feared his daughter would never be interested in a husband. To find that not only is she married but has two sons and two more children on the way with the boy I saved ten years ago being the father is quite good news! You have decided to become a ranger, then?" "Yes. Even though I've been doing the ranger thing and even married, I will not officially be one until my twentieth birthday. I find it strange." "Even if among the hobbits you are not considered an adult until you are thirty-three?" I laughed, "Yes, even so! Gandalf, I must warn you…Da is being hunted. The Nine walk and ride, seeking him. Some came here last night, seeking him." "Bad tidings you bring! On the morrow, we will leave and see if we can catch them up-Strider and the hobbits. At Weathertop." "I am going to retire for the night. I have provisions for us already. You have a horse, I hope?" "Indeed." "No need to knock when you come in; I will know it is you." "Then I shall see you soon." I went to our room, tripped down to my pants, grabbed my travel and sketch books, writing and drawing supplies, and then settled in on the bed nearest the door. About an hour later was when Gandalf came in. We were at Weathertop. Gandalf was waiting for the five to get here though I knew that would not be so. Nightfall, I was proven correct. Gandalf and I arrived in Rivendell on the eighteenth of October. He had sought Lord Elrond to see if Da and the others arrived. I sought my very pregnant and angered wife. I did not expect for the first chapter itself to be 9,093 words long itself. Darn near twenty pages. The chapter begins the day before the Council of Elrond. I didn't want Aiden to be from Middle-Earth but I didn't want him to be just dropped into there as an adult and expected to be this amazing character. I also didn't want him to have the perfect body for an 8-year-old child. I chose Aiden to be turned into a male because that, in my eyes, added another dimension to him. He has some understanding of the female mind because he wasn't originally a male. With him being 21 with one of the many American speech patterns, I didn't want him to adjust by default. I also didn't want him to automatically be able to speak Westron. I really meant this to be a short prologue, not a really long first chapter.