are ushered inside. All is a whirl of clattering hooves and anxious men, all of whom seem nervous about something and I see the elf watching about him… he sees something that I do not. His eyes narrow in suspicion but I have no time to ask what troubles him. We are given no chance to stop and refresh ourselves, nor are we shown to our quarters but rather collected by another strikingly young guard who is to be our guide this evening. We have been here before of course for Aragorn's coronation and wedding, but it is rude indeed to harry us through the corridors this way. Legolas still says nothing, but I find that I must fill this silence with my complaints for what else am I to do? I am unsettled and anxious and I know not why, and so I voice these feelings as loudly as I may. To whence do we go? Why are we not given time in which to refresh ourselves? Are all men of Gondor such poor hosts, and as such, where is their lord? I am given muttered apologies but naught much else; they lead us ever onward through this stone maze but I continue my rebukes because it gives me comfort to do so. King Elessar's home is regal enough, in the way of men. I have never found their tastes particularly fine to behold, but they enjoy them well enough and so I endure. Plain walls adorned with tapestries and standards appeal to some, I am told. All is dry and angular, built to reflect strength and past glory rather than to display the fine stone that wrought the place. It feels dusty, deep and endless, and the stone speaks of the passing of a great many men. Sound echoes here; the scuffing of feet and distant voices, the sounds of horses from the stables and the faint ringing of metal meeting metal, all confused and melding together. We are deep within the mountain and we travel upward, but despite my own misgivings I start to feel concern for one other. I look to the elf, trapped and far from his Song. He has the same look upon him that he has worn all night; his eyes burn with a laegrim fire that speaks of wildness and danger. He is deeply annoyed just as I am that we are dragged so unceremoniously through these passages, but he is also buried within stone, which he has no love for. He is terrible to behold right now and the guards that lead him seem frightened. I wonder if this is their first elf. I catch his eye and cast him a look that is a question, and he nods an answer although it seems jerky and unnatural. "Hoy… you!" I call to those who lead us. "Tell us where we go or lead us no more, I know well enough where the kitchens are and will go there without a guide if need be. My friend and I have travelled far and we have no patience for the games of your king." "We are here, my lord," is the curt reply, but the young guard looks apologetic in his own way. His journey has been just as unhappy as ours as been. We are at a doorway, and we are divested of our weapons and told they will be in our quarters ready for us. I am done with this nonsense but it is my friend who strides past me without pause for an announcement. Legolas moves forth with all of the defiance of his birth and race, past the guards who shrink from him as he goes and I find myself swept up on his heels in the passing. The room is surprisingly small; perhaps ten paces from door to wall but it is comfortable in a way that the rest of this stronghold is not. It is not overly indulgent or opulent, and there is a decidedly elvish cast to the décor but it is mannish enough for one to compliment the other. I know not if this is Aragorn's influence or Arwen's, but the windows are wide open despite the chill air, with thick drapes that billow in the breeze and I know the touch of an elf when I see it. A large hearth burns and comfortable chairs are arranged about the room, with a heavy desk unobtrusively pushed into the corner and covered with papers. Shadows dance about the room but they are not worrisome at all; they are a result of the light, and not an absence of it. The elf is in high agitation. I look and I see again a suspicion upon him, but also an annoyance that he has been summoned like an errant child. Lord Ionwë has said to me that Legolas' inability to check his temper when slighted is a failing in his upbringing but I cannot find it in myself to fault him. I am tense and ready for words certainly, but I feel my demands die on my lips and my anger trip and choke me when I see the occupants of the room. It dies not at all – I am all the angrier in fact – but I am hobbled… forced to remain silent in my anger. The anxiety of the guards, the summoning and rushed march without a chance to catch even a breath… I finally understand the suspicion that I have seen in the elf. King Thranduil is here. TBC Intro chapter all done, hope you're all warmed up now. Next chapter we'll get the action started :) I hope you enjoyed it, I'd really appreciate a line from you just to let me know that you're there and with me. It's a strange feeling, telling a story to the internet, so each review is a voice for my invisible audience and let's me know to keep at it. Have a wonderful day. MyselfOnly