tickles Boromir. What in gods name are you doing down there?" "Only searching." "For-" He had found what he was looking for, lips engulfing that pleasure point and remaining there sucking until she was brought to her peak. Then to lighten her tensed up muscles, he tickled her again as he ascended back up to her lips. Beard covered with her nectar, she kissed him tongue first and nibbled at his cheek when her lips raveled around to his neck and she bit fiercely. "Ow! What was that for?" He exclaimed, she squealed when he pinched her bottom. "Now everyone will know you are mine." Her fingers traveled over his chest, where scars of all sorts resided. Fingers exploring down further until they stopped above his most sensitive region. "Why- Why did you stop?" He barely whispered, his breath catching. "I am unsure." She smirked devilishly. "If I continue any further you won't know who really is in charge." He grinned with her, his free hand cupping at her dripping center and she moaned. "I think we made that clear upon your first climax." She bit her bottom lip and almost innocently moved her hands down further until she had grabbed him and he groaned his approval. "It's so short." He froze, eyes shooting open to stare his hurt into her senses. She was smiling though and then he knew she was only joking. "I was referring to the amount of time since you came into this room. If you thought I was talking about that..." She tugged on him and he grunted. By now the two were sweating, naked, she had climaxed once, and had already had him in the palm of her hand. That was a very short amount of time. His hair was damp with sweat, strands sticking to his forehead same case for her. "Then you are surely mistaken. In fact I could relate your thing to a horse's thing." Boromir burst out into laughter as did she and her head rested against his shoulder, his arm propped up on one side of her head, holding him up. "Just say the word. It's a penis darling." "I know what it is. I have never seen one before though, yours is the only one I have ever held also." "Well then I am grateful because then I can be both." "Both what?" "Your first and your last." She released him as his lips meshed with hers again, the joking was over. It was time to be serious. She made this seem so easy, she knew it would hurt, but was so involved in him that it didn't seem to matter. He hastily placed himself between her legs. Forearms on either side of her and he entered, she whimpered, his head leaning down to catch it with a kiss in which she moaned into. Their lips parted for him to swallow and gasp at how tight she was, he had broken past her maiden hood and now she was finally his. "You are so cocky." She managed to giggle out, a small tear flowing down her cheek. He smiled with her and kissed her again. "But I'm your cocky man." "Forever." It wasn't long before his hips starting to move much more erratically, her arms encircled his neck and she had moaned purposefully into his ear. "Oh Boromir..." She made him know who was pleasuring, made sure he knew that he made her moan and him alone. The one man who caught her heart and put it in a jar with his own. "You are so good, Kierra." The bed began to thump, back and forth, they winced at the feeling of their joined bodies and suddenly Boromir couldn't handle it. She broke beneath him, spasms and nonstop shouts of his name when he had finished with her. He remained inside her, resting his head on her breasts and enjoying the overwhelming heat between them. "Boromir..." She whispered after a few minutes of silence, after their breathing had corrected itself. "Yes, my princess." "Are you staying until morning?" His conscious told him to tell her, he lifted himself up and laid down beside her, wrapping her in his grasp. Their chests breasts together as they laid on their sides and his face was only an inch from her. The covers clinging to their moist bodies, he stared into her eyes and suddenly wether or not he would tell her became a contemplation. If he told her, he risked her going with him and he couldn't... Not for something this dangerous. If he didn't, he risked coming back if ever to find that she despises him and hated him. Perhaps, that was the much better if the choices. He'd much rather she hate him than risk getting herself killed to be with him. "I'm staying all night." "Will you be here when I wake up?" "Yes. I love you." He plainly decided and it was done. He couldn't take it back. "I love you too Boromir." For now he enjoyed having her in his arms. Consummating before marriage meant child before marriage and he wouldn't be here to marry her anytime soon. He immediately knew he would tell Faramir to protect her while he was gone, but never tell her where he went... Only say that he had left. He... Had left that morning. He left her alone in her bed and when she awoke... When she awoke... She... Boromir knew not what had happened when she woke up, all he knew was what she must have felt at the revelation that he wasn't there. That he had lied. "I'm sorry Boromir. But you will see her again." Aragorn promised, they all had left to go to their beds and Boromir remained, clutching to the cloth and smelling it to find that her scent was no longer there. His luck had ran out. Not only can gifts be a surprise, but also love, and also life, and also death.