"They are happy," he shrugs one shoulder, and I feel instantly terrible. These elves have not known the safety and protection of a Ring, they have fought and scraped and grieved these centuries through, and here I am complaining that they are happy to finally be free of it! "They are going to sing themselves hoarse," I grumble instead, embarrassed. "And you are going to roast yourself if you sit much longer by the fire." Legolas makes no issue of my rudeness. He is ever tolerant of me. "Come, Idhren wishes your company. I have told of the tales you spin, and the archers wish to hear one." "Do you and your friends not wish to howl at the stars also?" "We do not sing tonight," he dismisses, as though any fool understands why. He does not explain this so I do not ask, and he stands expectantly, waiting. I have no desire to tell stories right now. I have no desire to sit with Legolas' friends and have them realise that their prince is mistaken in his belief that I tell tales well. I do not wish to make a fool of myself nor do I wish to do anything but sit on my own and think, but I take one look at my friend and I relent. He has a way about him that makes him difficult to refuse at times, and so I follow him. We do not go to the main dining hall. I have noticed that Legolas prefers to eat his meals with his men in the kitchens. It is unbefitting a prince, but well befitting my friend. If he cannot eat outdoors then he will come here before he eats in lofty halls. The kitchens are warm and welcoming, and much of noise and activity but the heart of it is where the rough wooden tables are laid out to one side. They are old and scored and worn by centuries of elven elbows and weapons thrown carelessly upon its surface. There are always weary warriors here freshly returned from patrol, or those about to set out filling their bellies before they leave. This is where they sit and talk when they are not leaping around in trees, and although it is deep within the mountain and without a hint of the sky, Legolas is not frantic here. We join a table with three elves I know, and I feel happier that these are not new faces. Idhren is here, of course. He is one of Legolas' closest friends but there is also Almárean who is not ever far away from the russet haired Silvan, and an elleth who is named Faelwen. She is dressed in the same warrior garb as all of the Lasgalen archers and her dark hair is bound neatly, she is very fair with sharp grey eyes and I am told that her skill with a bow is close to that of Legolas'. She is counted as his second. They greet us with smiles and welcome, and they have located a barrel of ale for me – Eru knows where from, the elves cannot stand it. A great tankard sits ready for me, and I feel my doubts slip away. They are lively company but they are elves nonetheless. They occasionally slip into their own dialect and I know they do not even notice that they do it. They speak quickly in terms I must unravel and change their subject mid conversation. They refer to senses and feelings I do not posses but I hold my own, and after a tankard of the fine ale has gone down I am relaxed enough to tell them the tale they have been asking for. The room has emptied to the five of us and the fire is low, casting great dancing shadows so I tell them of the Howler in the Deep: a tale of a murdered spirit that collapses tunnels upon his killers in revenge, and can be heard wailing and howling in grief through the depths of all mines. I know that the elves do not fear spirits as most sensible races do, and so I focus my tale on the closeness of rock and the fear of the dark places that I know strikes a particular chord for them. They are struck dumb throughout the tale, and when I am done they overwhelm me with praise: their eyes are haunted and alive with the thrill of a good, chilling tale. As I feel myself reddening beneath their admiration I catch the eye of Legolas. He gifts me with a small pleased smile; he is glad to see my alleged talent enjoyed by others and to see me enjoying the telling. He is a sneaky elf. When I return to my room we have stayed up entirely too late, and I have sampled more of the ale than I probably should have. I lie awake despite the comfortable buzzing in my ears and the heaviness of my eyes, and slowly the knot in my stomach begins to grow again. It builds until my chest is full of ice and I cannot find rest tonight. Her words burn into my mind and I cannot wipe it clean. Her letter was not for me, I was never foolish enough to think so but as humbled as I am that she thinks well enough of me to task me with this, there is a small part deep within me that wishes she had not. " Look to the Greenleaf" she has bid. "Look to the Greenleaf and guard him well, Gimli elvellon. A great divide in the path approaches, and I fear that the wrong road be taken – do not let him become lost to us. Keep his ears ever open to the Song, and his eyes upon the stars and you will be guide to each other." TBC Hortho - hurry Reviews as always are very much welcome. Hope you enjoyed.