a decisive nod of his head. With that he stepped out from beneath the weeping willow tree and walked determinedly into the market square. At first all went according to plan. Frodo stopped at the farmer's stalls first and bought his berries, spices, eggs, and even a fresh plucked chicken that he thought he would roast as once he was home he planned on net setting foot outside his door again. He then went to the dry goods shop to buy soap, again all went well. He kept his eyes looking slightly upward or on the faces of those he was speaking with. Things got a little more difficult in the baker's shop. Sweet old Mrs. Summerdale, who had been running the baker's shop for as long as Frodo could remember, stood there behind the counter, her snow white hair arranged charmingly with a few small wildflowers scattered through it. In front of her, on the counter was a pedestaled desert tray with two large buns on it, iced with white sugar frosting and each topped with a bright red, glistening cherry. Though Frodo could not see that of Mrs. Summerdale that was hidden behind the two large, plump, round buns, the buns themselves were as bad. Frodo quickly left the shop deciding he would do some baking that afternoon. Frodo stopped at the livery stable and took refuge behind a bale of hay after the trip to the bake shop. A quarter of an hour's quiet rest helped him to gather the last straggling pieces of his composure. Determined to get the whole ordeal behind him, Frodo left his hiding place and made his way to the blacksmith's to buy a box of nails. There was another scene to make him shudder. The blacksmith, commonly known as "Blacky" on account of his hair being black as coal, worked away at his forge, pound hot, fiery orange metal, dangerously close to his body, sparks flying in all directions, and his only protection was his leather apron that to Frodo, was looking like no protection at all. Frodo kept his eye averted from Blacky, paid Blaky's brother, Red, for a box of nails and left as quickly as he could. All purchases made, Frodo felt that he was free to rush home as quickly as his feet could carry him. He just had to get all the way through to the other side of the market square. He took several deep breaths, made sure his grip on his rolling basket was firm, and took one step of a powerful, ground eating stride. "Frodo Baggins! Come here and say hello to me," insisted a cheerful feminine voice. Frodo knew without turning that the vibrant, lovely voice, could only belong to one hobbitess, Miss Impatien Banks. Frodo was stopped dead in his tracks by that voice. Impatien was a bit older than Frodo, she was thirty-seven, for reasons un-known to Frodo (it isn't polite to ask of personal matters, you know), Impatien had not yet married. She lived in the small cottage she grew up in. Her father having passed away when she was six years old and her mother when Impatien was twenty-five. Impatien made, sold and repaired baskets for her living, and did rather well as she was able to set a small some aside for a rainy day. Frodo had long had a find appreciation with Impatien's nutty brown hair and warm brown eyes that always seemed to have a gleam of laughter in them. Impatien was as intelligent as she was lovely and Frodo had long had a bit of a crush on her. Slowly Frodo turned to face her. There she stood among the baskets she was selling like some ethereal being rising up from the wooded and grassy wild. Every soft curve and interesting shadow of her body, on display for Frodo to see. For what seemed an eternity to him, Frodo could not tear his gaze from her bountiful form. When he was capable of coherent thought again, he blushed deeply and was grateful that he himself was fully dressed and that the market basket he had in tow was standing somewhat in front of him and tall enough so that is kept Impatien from getting a clear view of certain areas of his own bodily form. Frodo's mouth was dry but still he managed to croak out a greeting. "Hullo, Impatien. How are you, this morning?" "I am well, thank you. I was about to ask you where you were off to in such a hurry, but seeing how you are attired and the flush of your cheeks, I would have to guess that you are not feeling well and was hurrying home. Would you like me to walk with you? I can get Mrs. Muddyfoot to watch my baskets for me." "Oh...er... No thank you. I am, or rather, I will be fine on my own," stammered Frodo. He then turned and fled. Frodo wasted no time in returning home. He walked as fast as he could while pulling a rather heavy basket. He kept his head down and his eyes on the ground so as not to see anymore nude forms. He slipped into Bag End through the back entrance which happened to be by his own room. Leaving the basket by the door he walked into his room and collapsed on the bed. "I'll only rest here for a moment," he said to himself. The room was dim as the sun was now high in the sky where it could not send it's rays directly into his window. The afternoon shadows soothed him and before he knew it he had drifted off to sleep. Sometime later Frodo awoke to the sounds of roosters crowing and birds singing. He opened his eyes and was suppressed to find the sun was shining merrily into his bedroom windows. He looked down and was further puzzled to see that he was dressed in his night shirt.