cannot read. "You make me feel old," he tells me, and he gives an abashed laugh that tells me he understands how strange that statement is. His years to me are painfully short and I am forced to consider his statement. I recall clearly as an elfling finding an old and spindly squirrel curled as if asleep as I ran in the wood. It was cold and still but I carried it home to my Ada to warm it by the fire and to see if it wished for some honey cakes – I had been promised them for my tea. My father's bellicose friend and advisor, Lord Ionwë had found me carrying around a dead thing and had cursed and sighed that this had fallen to him, but he spent a great many hours that day explaining to a small elfling what it was to age and die, and why it did not touch us. I did not understand then, and I admit that I still do not. I counted more years then than Gimli does now. I am staring, I realise, and my friend shifts uncomfortably beneath my gaze so I look elsewhere. I make the mistake of looking up and am caught in the dance of two courting birds that flit and dart about the sky until I hear a throat cleared pointedly. "I sometimes wonder," I muse, my eyes still upon the darting of the birds. "I wonder if the elves were gifted so strongly with the Song to make the weight of our years seem less." "Not all elves hear the Song as you do," he points out to me. He looks up to see what has me so fascinated and huffs through his beard in exasperation when he sees that it is just two birds. "Aye, and do the Noldor seem happier for it?" I ask pointedly. "They are sad and homesick and spend all of the day writing poetry. If they listened better they might find themselves less insufferable." I have often suspected that my father's dislike for the Noldor has coloured my perception of them. I have known the sons and daughter of Elrond my whole life and like them well, Lord Elrond himself tolerates me much as my own Ada does…but then Lord Ionwë believes that Silvan elves have no business bearing arms. He says that we are too distracted and fanciful. I have often meant to ask Haldir and his brothers their thoughts on this. "Perhaps writing poetry makes them happy," Gimli offers. "Perhaps a conversation is being held this moment in Rivendell where they say: 'should the Silvan folk turn their minds to where they are, they would sing less and think more'." "If I sing, it does not mean that I do not think." "I know that my friend," he sobers. "Perhaps I should sing more, perhaps the elves have learned well how to bear the weight of grief and years and should be imitated." He understands it, and I feel gratitude. Gimli always understands better than he will ever admit to; if all dwarves are thus then we have wasted much time in being enemies. I see him in sharp relief; every detail and aspect of him here in this field where we stand still in a swaying sea of hushing grass. His hair and beard are deep red, glinting like fire in the lowering sun and his eyes see me with curiosity – he has ever been as curious of me as I am of him – but there is also a knowing. He grumbles, he huffs and he speaks ill of me beneath his breath knowing full well I hear him, but he understands. "You are not very good at singing," I tell him, and force apology into my voice. "Perhaps there is another way. Climbing trees is also distracting." "You are beyond speaking to seriously!" he cries, throwing his hands up in the air and walking away. I cannot help myself and find that I laugh, running behind him to catch up. I rest my hand upon his shoulder as I reach his side and he does not shake it off but rather falls into step with me. "It is not the years of a person that say 'he is young' or 'she is old', it is here," I brush my fingers against my chest. "Iluvatar's Song is forever and will sing and dance through all of the seasons and the ages – so hear the elves. The Song of Aulë is steady and true and strong – and so hear the dwarves. We should seek to be no different than we are. Healing the wounds the years have wrought comes from those who walk them with us; they cannot be undone in thought or even distraction." "Then pity me," he sighs. "For the only creature I have to heal my years is an elfling who speaks in riddles and can watch the growing of a plant for hours without movement." "I pity you indeed for I am fortunate; I walk with a dwarf who makes me feel young again." He looks up at me then, although I do not meet his eye. Gimli is uncomfortable with speaking honestly of friendship sometimes – he prefers to hide it in insults and jibes – but I do not listen to his words to hear his meaning. I feel his hand pat mine awkwardly where it rests on his shoulder and we walk the rest of the way in silence. We race the last half mile as though we are children. We tussle and shove and laugh; our Song weaves about our undignified antics us as we play, and we care not if we are seen. Our years weigh heavily, aye, but there are so many more yet to come and by Elbereth, I am thankful. As always, reviews make this worthwhile and I'd love to hear what you thought whether it's good or bad. MyselfOnly