the highest tree she can find. It is slippery and ancient, and it is perhaps foolish to wander away from the others but she does not care. She needs this… she needs it so very badly. Above the canopy the air is cool and cut through with the smell of rain, and of their far distant home. She can smell greener woods, a forest alive and healthy, and beating constantly in time with the heartbeat of the laegrim . The stars are covered by faint, pale clusters of cloud but she can still see them; she can feel their light against her closed eyes, against her upturned face. She feels the Song through all of it, but the stars are the loudest; almost too much to bear. When she opens her eyes again he is there, sat quite contentedly beside her. He turns and smiles – ai that smile of his! – and there is that look again. It is thoughtful, full of something that she cannot name and she finds herself blushing like a girl. She would turn away to hide her face, because she is suddenly unsure of herself, suddenly and inexplicably nervous, but he reaches out before she can do anything. One pale, elegant hand brushes her hair away from her face and brushes her cheek, and she is frozen. It is the first time that he has ever looked at her so completely, so absolutely, and she knows that she will spend the rest of her days wanting nothing more than to be seen by him. ~{O}~ The first time that she truly dances, it is with Legolas. She wears a blue dress – a simple thing of home spun wool – and he has on a loose shirt of the palest green. They are both barefoot, and his hand rests softly upon her loose hair, gentle upon the base of her back. It is barely dancing – not really. Music plays and the laegrim laugh and roast game upon huge fires, happy to be home and resting even if it is for just a few short days. Families are reunited and songs are being sung for the joy of the wood, and of home… for the start of the summer, and the long days before them. Legolas and Faelwen stand aside from it all, sharing breath and warmth, moving like the soft swaying of the trees in a spring wind. He smells of wood sap and loam, and of rain in the wood. She is warm and soft beneath his hands, tucked perfectly against him with her eyes closed. She has never danced before – not like this – because she has never known a reason to dance. Fighting is dancing, in a way, and she supposes that their courtship has been a dance: one of shouting and angry words, and insults and absolute, perfect trust in one another. She has wanted this, but she has never danced before and so it has not come easily. She has known for a very long time that she had found her partner, whether she has been happy about it or not. Legolas has been longer in his understanding, or perhaps his acceptance, or perhaps in just showing it, but now that they are here she knows that nothing will ever stop their dancing. They will dance until the breaking of the world. ~{O}~ The last time they are together it is bitter and awful, and the most painful thing that she has ever, ever done. They have said that it is their decision but it is not… not truly, because how could they ever give this up? How can they say: 'this is the last of our days together' and not die tomorrow, if it is true? The Darkness has made this decision, the fight has sealed it, and they have accepted the truth of it, if not the reality. They have forever – all of forever – but suddenly the words mean something to her where they never have before. Forever has no number, forever has no end. Forever is not a thing that she can hold in her hand or watch as it nears. It is the first time that she has ever understood the nature of time, the length of a year, because there are suddenly far too many of them yet to live. So many where they must be apart. Tomorrow she will wake, tomorrow he will be there, and tomorrow he will be her captain and her prince and nothing more. A part of her believes that it might be easier if one of them sailed, because then she would not have to feel that wildfire bright presence there at her side every single cursed day. At her side, but completely out of reach. But she cannot, and she knows that he cannot, because there is far too much to do. Too many battles yet to fight, too much darkness yet ahead of them, too many friends yet to lose… all in the name of a far distant peace that, in complete honesty, she does not entirely believe in. Their last night together he holds her face in his hands and she cries angry, bitter tears, because it has been a long time since she has been ashamed of them. She does not shout, she does not rage, because this was her decision too and he is hurting as well. Legolas is a knot of it, fierce and held together so tightly that he might easily break into pieces. He holds her face, and when he kisses her it feels like goodbye, because that is exactly what it is. He says her name into her hair, he holds her so tightly that it hurts and she balls her fists into his chest. What is forever to an elf? She closes her eyes, and she begins to wait. As ever, I'd absolutely love to hear from you. Have a great weekend everyone. MyselfOnly