qualities and sexiness of Jensen Ackles, Misha Collins, Robert Downey Jr., Jude Law, Bradley James, James Franco, Skandar Keynes, Robert Sean Leonard, Martin Freeman, Tom Felton, Karl Urban, Anton Yelchin, Jared Leto, Matthew Lewis, Dylan O'Brien, Alexander Skarsgaard, Douggie Poynter, David Hallberg, Taylor Kitch, Ivan Vasiliev, and Alex Pettyfer. Basically the best man ever. Legolas didn't know what to do. So he picked up the soap. Rinsed it off. And stuck the whole thing in his mouth. "DAT SOAPPP" said one of the inmates. "Hello Legolas," said the very beautiful man. He had freckles but not too many freckles, and his eyes shone with wisdom and mischief and sympathy and interest and lust. Legolas said as much. It was quite a feat, considering the soap was still in his mouth. The man laughed, and all of the other inmates were very jealous that they couldn't sound that sexy when they laughed. "You are very kind, my darling Legolas. Do you know who I am and why I am here?" Legolas did not, "No," he said. It was the shortest sentence he had ever uttered. The man sauntered up to him-"You're very naked," said Legolas, and the man said, "I know"-and took the elf lovingly into his arms. "Legolas," he said, "I am your long lost fiancé and my manhood has gone hard as a mast for you." "I know, and I can feel it," said Legolas, because he could. "But that doesn't explain why you're here." "Doesn't it?" "No!" shouted one of the fugly inmates. They were, by now, quite entranced by the soap opera-esque drama going down in the center of the shower room. "Oh." The beautiful, perfect, aroused man looked befuddled. "Well, I stormed this castle to free you from the clutches of the beautiful sorceress Michelle. I killed many a man, thousands of hundreds, in fact, but it all seemed in vain. Then I was captured and I thought for sure I would never see you again! But fate was on my side for I was sentenced to life in prison; this very prison where you were being kept! And now, here I am!" The fugly inmates and fugly wardens alike went "Aaawwwww" loudly except for Michelle, who had snuck out of the room and one especially fugtastic inmate who shouted, "TAKE HIM NOW!" Legolas spit out his soap. "Okay" said the handsome man he grabbed Legolas by the hips and was about to ravage the poor elf when magically, or rather not so magically the elf regained his powers of speech. "Ohh ho ho not so fast young man" He had adapted a sassy black woman voice. Not unlike a sassy black woman watching twilight and frowning at Bella and Edward making out in Bella's awkwardly tiny bed in the first movie cause that was the best one. "But dude we are like totes married." This was legit because the prison was in the north where the homosexuals can get married. "BUTtttt" said Legolas. The inmates laughed. Except little Bobby Jim because well, he was being violated, rather forcefully, by a rather large slab of manmeat. "Have you seen the hunger games?" asked Michelle of Bobby Jim she didn't know why the sight reminded her of the book/movie but it did. "Uhhh" said Bobby Jim. Michelle shrugged and turned back to the real action. "Sooo... about that, are you gonna, you know, like do it?" she didn't wanna be crude so, she didn't use the f-bomb (the f-bomb is fuck if you didn't know) "I don't want it to hurtttt" said Legolas. He began to cry huge heaving manly sobs, this was unfortunate. But it also made the other inmates feel uncomfortable so they quickly finished their showers, all except Bobby Jim and his "special friend". "OWWWWW stoppp" said Bobby Jim. (His friend had gotten shampoo in his eye when he was washing it for him yah pervs heee) but soon they were gone too leaving only Michelle and Legolas and His Fiancé. "Oh my what shall we do now?" asked Michelle. She untied her bikini top. Then tied it tighter so she would be ready for any action (ya pervs heee) she then make sure her gun was still loaded. She didn't want to shoot any blanks that would be totally embarrassing. Like for reals. Then she realized oh noooes Legolas and the hot man were goneeee. The two elves had scampered off to Legolas's cave-like cell. It had glass windows and walls and doors and hinges, so the guards could look in on their prisoners to make sure they weren't murdering each other or playing poker or making tattoo guns out of electric toothbrushes because those things had happened a lot and electric teethbrush were expensive. The glass was very thick but not soundproof because sometimes people said things that other people wanted to hear, and if the glass was soundproof, they wouldn't able to hear. "Legolas," said the handsome man, "I have missed you my lover." "I don't know who you are but you are handsome so I will trust you because you seem trustworthy and I am an excellent judgementator of character." "I'm sure you are." "I am. Really. Like that Boromir fellow I didn't trust him because he was a man and he was corrupt and he wanted the ring - it was the one ring to rule them all and stuff - and he had no honor he wasn't a Stark, and Starks have honor, and I knew all this because I am a very good judgementator of character." "I have missed you. My love sausage has missed you." Michelle pressed herself against the window walls of the cell, still in her form flattering bikini. Her breastestes were plastered against the glass tastefully and she was still wet from the shower. The elfs noticed this because Michelle was a very beautiful woman and they were aroused by this so they began kissing each other. Then Legolas's cell mate showed up.