moment he thought the women were going to come out of the walls and start their rant again, but they didn't. It was quiet, both inside his head and out. He took a deep breath, still feeling as if there was a fire alight inside his body. Only now it was a slightly smaller fire. He squirmed about for a moment on his bed. His hair was wet and his skin damp but he wasn't sweating at all. Besides, the liquid on him didn't smell like sweat. After Frodo finished squirming he lay, breathing heavily. He was exhausted and in pain and any activity increased that pain. After what seemed like hours to Frodo, Sam re-entered the room. He rushed instantly to his master's side, full of apologies for not being there when Frodo had awakened. Sam talked Frodo into half a cup of a water and sponged off his face carefully. It wasn't until then that Frodo found his voice. "What's happening Sam?" He croaked, his throat painfully dry despite having had a drink moments earlier. Sam patted his shoulder comfortingly. "It's the sun sickness Mister Frodo. You were outside too long and it was too hot. You've quite a nasty sunburn too." Frodo squirmed for another minute. "I know, I can feel it. It feels very, very hot. Everything feels very hot. Is it hot in here to you Sam?" Frodo wanted to know. Sam touched Frodo's forearm very gently. His hands were warm, he'd been in the kitchen, making another one of the tea packets. Yet Frodo thought Sam's hand was pleasantly cool and gave a quiet sigh of relief. It was just so hot; he didn't think it was possible to feel as if you were literally boiling and still be alive. After another quarter cup of the sleeping tea, Frodo returned to his not-so-peaceful dreams and temporary relief from the overwhelming pain of heat stroke. His unburned skin was looking less pale now and instead an unhealthy red colour. But it was wet to the touch and Sam was relieved to feel the sweat. He thought it was a good sign. At least, as far back as he could remember and out of his common sense, something told him sweating was good. Frodo did seem cooler. But even still, he replaced the ice chunks and packed around Frodo with icy cloths hoping it would do yet more good for his master. Frodo awoke a few hours later in a horrible mood. He was blazing hot now and all the tiny blisters on his skin were red hot and itched horrible. Perspiration covered his skin and coated the inside of his sheets making everywhere they touched remarkably unpleasant feeling. The house was quiet and he couldn't hear the comforting sounds of Sam moving in the hall or any of the rooms nearby. He felt very alone, more alone then he'd felt since Bilbo had left. Once again his heart went out to the old hobbit and he wished that Bilbo was there to comfort him and make him feel better. Something about the hobbit's very presence was soothing to his mind and body. "Sam?" Frodo called out, his voice stronger than it had been all day. "Sam, are you here?" He was very uncomfortable and maybe, if he was in luck, there would be something Sam could do for him. Something to make his skin stop itching and burning. There was the sound of hurried footsteps in the hall. The noise of cloth brushing against itself as someone walked quickly on the wooden floors of Bag End. The door to Frodo's bedroom opened and Sam came in, closing the door quietly behind him. "Are you feeling better Mister Frodo?" He asked, putting down the pitches of ice and water he'd just filled. "I brought you some water to drink." Frodo allowed Sam to prop him up on pillows and give him the glass of water with ice chunks in it. He sighed with relief when Sam put the ice around his body and laid a cool, slightly damp sheet underneath his dry one. It felt very nice on his burning skin and helped to clean off all his sweat. "Sam, do you have anything for these blisters?" Frodo motioned to his forehead. He'd been feeling his skin and noticed that his hands and forehead were affected with the itching and burning blisters. Sam opened the jar of aloe salve. "I already put this on your skin once Mister Frodo. It seemed to help a bit." He took a bit of the green goo and his fingers and Frodo offered his hand that wasn't holding the glass of water. Frodo hissed in pain and pulled his hand back when Sam lightly dabbed at his skin with the aloe. "Not so rough!" He snapped, a bit more cruelly then he'd meant to. It had hurt an awful lot. Sam waited a moment before trying again, this time not even touching Frodo's skin, just letting the bit of salve rub against him. It took a lot longer, but Frodo managed to get though it and after several minutes his hands and face were once again covered with the green goo. "Thank you Sam. That does feel a bit better." Sam nodded and capped the jar again. "Just go on back to sleep Mister Frodo. That'll help with the healing." Frodo smiled his thanks for everything his gardener had done. He slipped down a bit on his bed and closed his eyes, trying to relax in the wet sheets and burning coming off of his skin. The room was quiet again, disturbed only by the sound of Frodo's breathing. Sam stepped towards the door, trying hard to be silent, he didn't want to disturb his master. Before opening the door, he paused and looked back. Peace to you Mister Frodo, you're already looking much better. And he slipped out the door, ready to take care of himself for a change.