thumb along it to be sure, then astonishingly, rolled away free, the sprung tether still hitched to his forearm. Drawing his sword, he ran at his attacker, catching the neck laces of its leather garments. He would kill this monster so it could not pursue him and his treasure again. Revulsion surged in him and he thrust his blue-glowing blade into his foe's throat. The body crumpled to the ground, and there on the cold stone lay his cousin, Merry, whose loving gaze was fading, leaving only shock and innocence. Frodo awoke in a cold sweat to find Boromir bending over him. His breath hitched and he shrank back. 'You cried out in your sleep Frodo. Are you not well?' asked the man, withdrawing the hand that hovered over the hobbit's brow. 'A dream,' said Frodo, sitting up slowly and rubbing his temples. 'I'm all right. Is it late?' 'No. You slept only briefly. You have slept uneasily, it seems, since we left the Elf Kingdom. Do dreams trouble you, Frodo? For I myself suffer from such.' The hobbit shifted uncomfortably. His eyes fell on the man's heavy hands resting on his knees, the same hands he had seen in the dream. But those were Orc's claws, and Boromir's face, as he now saw it, was lined with compassion. 'Sometimes, yes,' he whispered. ''tis not fair that you should face such torment, my friend,' said Boromir, laying an arm around his shoulders. 'Nevertheless, I must bear it, just as you -' Frodo left the sentence unfinished. 'Just as I - what? What do you mean to say?' asked the man. 'Just as you honor your promises,' said Frodo swallowing back some inexplicable emotion. 'What did your exploration tell you?' he asked then. 'Ah! Well, I found the tracks you mentioned, and while a large man may have left those, there was no mistaking the remnants of Orcish belongings. The thing you picked up was part of a trap, such as evil men use to catch all manner of creatures. I came upon its base some yards further along, and the worn sole of a boot. But – I would say the leavings are old, maybe as much as a day. I pursued the trail for half a league or so until I reached a rocky expanse where, lacking Aragorn's skill, I lost it.' 'Thank you for taking such care,' said Frodo, standing. 'I feel much reassured.' Then, nodding politely to Boromir, he went over to where Merry and Sam were filling Gimli's shallow ditch with dry twigs for a small fire. Merry looked up with a smile. 'Rested? 'More or less,' said Frodo. Squatting down to bank the kindling, Frodo reconfirmed his decision. None could lead him, and he could not take his fellow hobbits. If the Ring corrupted him, those he loved were the last people who should be near him. And yet, even a brief interval alone in the wild had unnerved him. 'Where's Pippin?' he asked. 'With Gimli, hauling water from the spring up there.' As Frodo turned to look, Aragorn and Legolas appeared over the bank. He heaved a sigh, then ran to meet them, fears and resolve, abandoned for the moment. He embraced Legolas who came first, then Aragorn. 'All is well!' said Aragorn, smiling and returning the gesture with some surprise. 'Frodo, have you missed us so?' Then, becoming serious, he looked closely at his friend. 'Or has something happened?' 'Nothing has happened,' said Frodo, embarrassed by his outburst. 'I'm merely relieved that you both returned unharmed. We are all here as you see.' He swept his hand toward the others, just as Pippin and Gimli came sauntering down the slope, Sam's cooking pots sloshing water. 'Very timely!' said Legolas. 'For we have brought fresh provisions!' He tossed three fish and a bunch of herbs on the grass by the cooking fire. 'We found the passage I sought as well,' announced Aragorn, 'and marked also, the rough track of two Orcs, I deem, headed eastward toward the riverbank, where they must have been picked up by boatmen, for no other trail did we see leading from the one we sought and the bank is not passable south of here. I believe they – whoever they be - were only hours ahead of us. We would have met them had we landed sooner. Their business on this bank may not have been to stalk us but I can think of no better reason. Peril awaits us on either side of the Anduin.' 'Indeed, we found signs of their tread not far from here,' said Boromir, coming forward. Frodo stumbled on the evidence and I've only shortly returned after ensuring that no danger was close by. If but two were sent to find us, then they do not know our number.' 'No, but they could have been spies and even now are reporting their findings. Let us eat quickly, then make for the portage way. Another night's journey –' he began, glancing at Frodo, then, noticing the hobbit's strained expression, fell silent. Sam and Merry set to preparing the meal, but Frodo withdrew. Aragorn came and sat with him. 'I see you are troubled, my friend, and with good reason. Are you ready for the decision you must make tomorrow?' Frodo did not answer immediately, though he wished only to say 'I shall be.' Then, to his surprise, Aragorn stretched out a finger and touched his cheek, as one regarding a friend whom he had grown to love and respect, whose features he looked upon for perhaps the last time. Suddenly, he wrapped his arms around Frodo and held him close. And the Ring-bearer, beholding his leader's face, was startled to see there, instead of glad reunion, the sorrow of farewell. THE END I own none of the characters of this story, nor their universe, all of which are the creations of the illustrious JRR Tolkien. This telling is merely an attempt to savor the beauty.