the beginning of a new age. Because if he is, then it means that so much of his family will leave, that there will truly be no illusions to ever hide in again. He has kept few with him, but those that he does reside in the safe keeping of his kin, one of whom he knows will sail for sure if he is successful. He does not want it. But he hasn't much of a choice. This is the moment where a mother, unseen, watches and rejoices. He is crowned. The White Wizard, a friend and a mentor for many years, stands before him, and lets him reclaim the lost heritage of his fathers. He knows that this is for more than just him. He knows that this is for everyone there, gathered in the court. He knows that this is for his father, who never got to see his little boy grow up, who was nothing more than a faded memory and a name in the history of his line. This is for his mother, who gathered her strength in order to survive the grief of losing the other half of her soul and kept her son safe until it was time for her to let him go. This is for the men that have died defending their homes against Mordor, the women who have been been forced to grieve loss again and again, and the children that never had the chance to grow up in true peace. And he knows that they are why he rose here. This is five years later. One of their own is dead, and he still cannot help but mourn the loss of a brother in arms. Two others have left Arda for the paradise of Valinor, where he can never be. His place is here, with the race of men, fated to kneel before death, as he will one day. Another two wander the world, a friendship between two unlikely people, not only because of their race but their personalities. He cannot help but hope that they will not be parted in the same cruel way that they will be from him. This is ten years later. There is peace and love and light and wonders that he knows that he had always looked for. In this place, though he no longer has the same freedom as he once did as a Ranger, he knows that he is doing a world of good, and ensuring that though his ada is no longer there to guide him, that his teachings pass on. He will not let his people fall, and will do what he must in order to keep them safe. These are hours and minutes and moments that steal your breath and things that make you cry. The child in his arms is tiny, and ever so precious. He knows now what it means to be a father. He knows the joy of having this wonderful child in his life, this extension of himself, as well as someone entirely different from him. He never thought he could know a more profound joy. He could not remember smiling more. This is the proof that everything that was suffered, all that was lost and found and destroyed and rebuilt and created, was worth it. When his son plays in the courtyard and runs up to him. When those small arms wrap around his leg and he looks up at him with glee and smiles, his front tooth missing. He melts with that smile, and cannot help but laugh with his child, throwing him up in the air. He knows that this is so perfect, that this moment is wonderful and that he would have never had it without the sufferings of the past to give birth to the joy of this future. This is the passing of the torch. He knows that it is time. He cannot stay for much longer, and though he knows the pain that his death will bring, he knows that he cannot stay much longer. It was just as they said, men are doomed to die. He was not going to try and plea to the Valar to let him know the peace of Valinor, no matter how much his heart called to the people there. He would not be another foolish Numenor that feared death. He had known death all his life. He had no true cause to fear. But like everyone faced with the unknown, he is hesitant to take that final journey. But he can linger no longer, and so he gives his last goodbye, to a son that he has been blessed with watching grow, daughters that are strong and will hold the family together, and a partner that he knows will one day accompany him to the Fate of Men, having renounced immortality for him. This is one last heartbeat, one last smile, and a feeling of peace. There is pain at first, and then a growing numbness. There is not much time, and for a moment he regrets choosing to go. He will not know another sunrise, in its glorious hues. He will never see Rivendell again, never speak the fair tongue of his family. He will not watch his son rule, nor will he see his grandchildren. But then a peace settles upon him, and for one last moment he is blessed by the blood of his ancestors with one last vision. It is a happy one, with his descendants gathered around, happy and cheerful, strong and beautiful. And he knows that all will be well, even if the road will be long and hard. He smiles, and lets go. This is life and death; frustrating, unfair, but beautiful and worthwhile in its flawed and scarred way. This is the promise of more; of a life after you, and a continuation of what you have left behind. This is what death cannot, dare not take, not even from you... ... Life.