a few months either" Estella continued. "That lying little rascal... I'll be sure to tell him when he gets back inside that he'll have to keep away from me in a few months again. Serves him right, it does" she laughed. She didn't wait for Diamond to ask what she was talking about, after giving Éowyn a piece of cloth to suck on she continued talking. "He was eager to get back into my bed, that's for sure. Or more correctly, get back to my side of the bed, if you get my drift. He told me that lasses nursing babies rarely get pregnant, and not that I minded at all letting him come back to me, but a liar he was!" "I'm not following" Diamond said, rubbing her aching temples. "I'm going to have another baby." "W, what?" Diamond stuttered. "But... But Éowyn is only a few months old!" "Indeed she is, and perhaps I should have better sense than to listen to Merry, but he usually knows what he's talking about. And to be honest I was longing for him as much as he was longing for me..." "Are you sure Estella?" Diamond asked. "As sure as I can be" Estella said. "I've had all the signs I had with Éowyn, just recently the most reliable one. There isn't a doubt in my mind, I will have another baby this fall." "Congratulations..." Diamond said weakly. She felt incredibly jealous of her friend, and at the same time guilty over feeling that way. But Estella would soon be the mother of two children and Diamond didn't even have one. "Merry will probably hope for a lad this time" Estella said. "I don't think he can imagine loving any little lass more than Éowyn, and knowing that he has an heir to take over Buckland some day will please both him and his father." "Estella, I don't think I've ever asked before, what exactly are the signs of being with child?" Diamond asked. "I've only been in contact with pregnancy through you, and you haven't seemed any different these past weeks, and when you expected Éowyn you didn't seem any different until the pregnancy started to show." "Tired, sick to your stomach..." Estella said. "There are a few signs, some more reliable than others." "Tired and sick to your stomach, that sounds like the flue to me" Diamond said and rubbed her temples more intensely. "But let's not forget headache, I'm beginning to think this one will never go away!" Estella looked at her for a while, with a frown instead of a smile. They had all caught the flue a few months back but Diamond was still feeling under the weather, and no herbal brew of Merry's seemed to be making any difference to her condition. "Diamond..." Estella said. "Forgive me for asking such personal questions, but... when was the last time you had your ordinary?" "I'm not sure, I don't keep track" Diamond said. "But when I think about it... It seems like it was quite some time ago!" "Weeks?" "I can't remember" Diamond said. "Why are you asking me this?" "The most reliable sign of pregnancy is that your monthly doesn't come" Estella said. "Mine is two weeks late now, that's how I know for sure that I'm with child." "Let me see..." Diamond said and started counting in her head, a smile slowly growing on her face. "I think it's been... nearly two months! How could I not have realised that before? Estella do you think I'm having a child as well?" Estella laughed again and nodded. "Two months? My dear Diamond, you are a fool of a Took! How you could not notice is beyond me. Two months... That means you should be a mother by September! One month ahead of me you are." Diamond blushed and was unable to keep a happy smile from her face. Her headache seemed to have vanished and suddenly it didn't bother her that she was feeling sick to her stomach. Estella handed her a pear and told her that she needed to eat to cure the nausea. "Imagine what the lads will say when we tell them this!" Estella grinned. "You tell Pippin first, tonight in the sitting room, and then I will get my little vengeance on that liar of a husband of mine!" "You're not really mad at Merry, are you?" Diamond asked worriedly. "No of course I'm not. But there's no harm in letting him think so, truth be told I would have preferred getting to focus on Éowyn for a year or so before having another one!" Estella's laughter finally became impossible for Diamond to resist, and the two of them were still laughing when Merry and Pippin came back inside a little while later. "What is so funny?" Pippin asked, eyeing the two women with confused eyes while Merry devoted his attention to the baby. "Nothing" the two lasses said in unison and broke out laughing again. "Better than finding them crying" Merry commented with a chuckle, rubbing his nose against Éowyn's. "Don't look so shocked, Peregrin Took!" Diamond said. "One might think you'd never seen us laugh before!" "I'm just curious as to what could possibly be so funny" Pippin said and hung off his coat. "Nothing" Estella said again. "Now go cook your wives supper! Diamond and I will bake a nice pie later, we thought we could sit by the fireside and tell some stories tonight!" "That's what we always do" Pippin remarked. "We are hungry! Go, shoo!" Estella said, urging the two lads off to the kitchen. When they were too far away to be able to hear them she grinned at Diamond again. "We always do tell stories by the fireside. But tonight I have a feeling we will be telling them things they'll never forget!" * * * So, what do you think? Is it interesting? Should I continue? Any comments or suggestions? Please leave a review!