her hands clasped and her chin raised defiantly. Anárion sat with a bowed had, his long hair hiding his face from view. The crown prince blamed himself, that much was clear. Thranduil kept listening. Legolas came to the end of his report. A long silence stretched out. Thranduil was outwardly inscrutable, no emotion showing on his face, but his heart clenched with dread and pounded as if to burst. He struggled to remain strong for the sake of his children… for the sake of all of them. But his fea cried out in sorrow for the lives of the warriors slain, and in anger for those who had caused it. Then Finduilas spoke and briefly summarized what had happened with the prisoner. They all listened. And then she fell silent. There were no tears in her eyes but Thranduil caught a glimpse of her hands. The were clenched and shaking. Wordlessly he drew her close. At his touch she sniffed, then her control crumbled and she collapsed into his arms, crying. He stroked her hair and simply held her to him, trying to give what little comfort he could to his grieving daughter. Captain Naeros glanced away, not wanting to intrude on a private moment. "Anárion warned us of this long ago, and we laughed him off." Legolas said. "Only now do I realize how right he was. And now we are facing the consequences of our arrogance. My arrogance. Falas, Eglerior, Anu… Valar, this is my fault." His hands clenched into fists around so tight his knuckles turned white. "The fault is not yours alone, Greenleaf." Anárion spoke, raising his head. "It is shared among us." "No!" Thranduil's voice was bitter but powerful. "You, my children, are not to blame. Legolas, you cannot save everyone in a fight no matter how hard you try. Anárion, if I had paid more attention, heeded to your dreams, and not taken your naneth to ride, perhaps this would not have happened. Finduilas…" he trailed off, pressing her closer against his chest. His voice threatened to shake. "Nonetheless, it has happened and the fault is mine, and mine alone." He sat up straighter, ignoring Galadhindil's sharp exclamation about not tearing stitches. "We will not leave your naneth or Vanion to suffer. In taking them and killing Barthaudh, those who caused this have threatened all of Mirkwood." His eyes gleamed. "They will be stopped before more of our people can come to harm. They will face the wrath of the Firstborn, and rue the day they first stepped foot beneath the boughs of our forest." . . So… you made it to the end! Wow. Just… wow. I am in awe of this. Really. 32 pages at 12 font and single line spacing. This chapter one ALONE is 14,658 words long. That might not be a lot for some writers, but for me, it's incredible. It might not seem like so huge... but... *faint squeak* it is pretty darn big. So, this is it. The beginning of the rewrite. Yayy. xP Since I plan for the chapters to be so friggin' long, that does mean you will be waiting longer for them. But since they're so long… heh heh. There are probably a lot of blaring errors and some contradictions in this chapter, as I still do not have a beta-reader and probably won't for a long long time, so if you find any, I'll work on fixing them ASAP. Also, I'm not good at inspirational speeches. WHOA. Who knew? xD Yeah, this story is based mainly off of OCs. Go figure. But I'm not quite ready to deal with canon characters yet… I mean, you guys wouldn't want me to botch Legolas' character would you? 'Either write it well, or don't write at all' is kind of my motto right now, though it wouldn't work for most people I guess. Not that great of a motto, but, hey, I swear I'm going to write a book on Legolas and Aragorn. I've even got most of it planned out! I'll write it in my spare-spare time whenever I need to take a break for this. It's called "The Monster Inside". (cue du-du-duh) As you noticed, I changed Anárion around. My reason was because I kind of wanted a character with a physical disability, and Anárion was, unfortunately, the perfect choice. That leaves Legolas the room to be 'The Warrior'. And not all elves remain perfect, right? They can sustain injuries which even their heightened healing cannot wholly correct. Anárion's will be explained later. *smile* As for character names… I couldn't find a name I liked on any website for Thranduil's wife, so I created my own. I know that's kind of a taboo no-no and sometimes frowned upon in the fanfiction world, but I really couldn't find one that really "fit" her. And mine isn't that bad is it? Her name can be loosely translated as simply "Elf-maiden", alternatively "Star-maiden", as El- can be translated as both Elf and Star and almost every name with the meaning of "maiden" in it had -Wen in some part of it. Galadhindil's name is a combination of Galadh (Tree) + Indil (Lily) so her name means "tree lily". I created Barthaudh's name using Bartha (To Doom) + Haudh (Tomb). Basically his name can be roughly translated as "doomed to the tomb", and it even rhymes. So, yeah, the poor elf never had a chance. xD PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW and tell me what you think. I really appreciate feedback. Keeps us writers chugging along, you know? You get to see cute wittle elfling Maedhros in the next chapter that will probably involve a lot of terribly written battle scenes as well. Heh, heh. Until then, guys! Ta-ta! -NIGHT (Update: 3-29-2016): I changed "Rawien"'s name to "Naeros" for reasons that will be explained later. It is a name I made up because I couldn't find one that I liked that matched what I needed. So... there you go.