other's regard. Faramir finally lifted his head and kissed Naira's forehead and they smiled at each other. " Naira… Naira…" "Naira!" said Faramir forcefully, and Naira came back to reality. "Forgive me, you said something?" She shook her head to chase the memory away, and tried to concentrate on the man's words. "Yes, I am already here for some time, but you did not move at all, just stared at the water." He sat down beside Naira, and looked at her eyes. "Is there a problem?" "No, no, nothing. I just… I was thinking." "I see," nodded Faramir, and then threw his back against the rock wall and closed his eyes for a few moments. "You look tired and drawn-out. You should sleep," said Naira, while she moved closer to him, and touched the man's face, who shuddered a little. He loved to feel the warmth of her hand on his face, on his arms, on his body… Suddenly, that certain night crossed across his mind, so he grabbed Naira's hand and drew that from his face, but did not release it. "Maybe. I'll go…,"he looked away, then said. "You wanted to talk to me. About what?" "Nothing. Something. Everything," she smiled, and noticed that his hand was still hold her, but ignored it. "More accurately… About Boromir. About you and me. "Naira, this is…" "I know. Boromir was killed only a few days ago, and we have never talked about it, because we did not know, that this will happen. But this happened, and I want to talk about it!" insisted the woman, and Faramir sighed. "Boromir was my brother. You were his bride. And I…" "…Ignored it, and was with me," said Naira for Faramir, and looked deep into his eyes. "Yes. What we have done was not right, but so, even if I could, I'd never change it. You know, that I never loved Boromir, but you." She cupped his surprised face in both of her small hand. They never talked about this openly, over the years they buried it in themselves, and only subtly hinted, but never told each other about what they feel. "The peoples, what would they think about me, if I'd take her wife from him, right after he just died?" "Peoples always talks about things," Naira waved his hand, and stood up. "Do you think that so far, they didn't speak of such things? After all, we were always together, plus, I spent more times with you than with Boromir, even if it occurred in learning and things like that. And I do not care about it, and you should neither." She stared at a point in the distance, and then looked down at Faramir, who was still sitting. "But, you should care about that thing, there, at the Forbidden Lake. "What?" He stood up, and then noticed what the woman was pointing at. "Let's take a closer look!" "Naira! Wait! It may be dangerous!" he said, but she was gone, and Faramir didn't believe, that it would have stopped her. He went after her, and then quietly crept closer and closer. "What kind of miracle should happen, for you to listen to me once?" he asked with a sigh from Naira's back, what was turned to him. "A vast one" she said with a big grin, and then whispered, that he have to see this. The strange little creature was as big as the Halflings, but was wearing almost nothing, except the ragged loin-cloth. It seemed terribly thin, and it's big, nearly abnormal eyes sparkled evil, while it sneaked to the water. "I haven't seen a creature stranger then this," whispered Faramir, and Naira replied, don't even looking at him, "Have you ever seen red-bottomed Baboon?" "What?" The man looked at her blankly, and because there was no answer, he shook his head. "I guess, this must we that squirrel from the Mirkwood, which Anborn talked about, although I think, it has a little to do with Mirkwood and squirrels. We better go back." She exceptionally agreed, and they sneaked back to the cave quietly. "Get some sleep, you'll need you strength tomorrow" he caught Naira's arm, who nodded, and stifled a yawn. "You should do it too…" "I have a few things to do, but then, I'll do," he said reassuringly, and even though both knew, it wasn't "a few things to do", she said nothing. Faramir gone to talk with Anborn, while Naira walked to her bed. Barely lay into it, she was already in the fields of dreams, which was largely filled by one person… She woke up early next day, with the first rays of dawn. She quickly composed herself, and went to talk with Faramir, but saw, that he dealt with the hobbits, so instead, she walked to the watchmen, to inquire about the happenings. As the Halflings finished their breakfast, they pack up, and were ready to departure. Naira looked curious, and a little bit surprised at the quaint little creature, which was caught by Faramir at the Forbidden Lake. She did not want to be closer to this being, and therefore –even though wanted to say goodbye to Sam and Frodo- watched the events from the background. Before the soldiers put clothes before their eyes, she waved, and watched, as Faramir and his group leading them through the forest. She didn't know, if whether she see them once more, or was it the last meeting, but something told her, that they'll see each other. The two Halflings, the strange creature, Faramir and some of the guards moved more and more far, and then they disappeared from sight. Anborn approached her to help him with the assign of the patrol. During the meeting, although her body was there, her brain was full of a million things, but what she did. She hoped, that the war would end up soon, and their things with Faramir quickly straighten out, deep inside she knew, that everything just started.