sea. He felt Aragorn's hand on his shoulder, but he didn't turn. "The place is less than a day's travel upriver," Aragorn told him, his voice quiet. "Beyond the falls of Rauros." He pointed upriver, and Faramir turned, seeing plumes of white vapour, and hearing the distant thundering of a waterfall. "Let us go, then," Faramir prompted, taking Feanor's reins in his hand and beginning to follow the riverbank. It was not yet dusk when they turned back to the river, having turned away so they could pass Rauros. They continued walking for some time, until Aragorn halted, gazing along the riverbank. "This is the place," he said quietly. "Parth Galen." Immediately, he was swept back into his memories. Boromir's body was placed in one of the elven boats, the many arrows still in his body. Aragorn placed his sword, shield, and cloven horn with him. He, Legolas, and Gimli sent the boat down the river, watching until it disappeared over the falls. Then they turned away. There was no time to stop and mourn; they had to go after the halflings. "Aragorn?" Faramir looked over at him. Aragorn met his Steward's eyes. "I was only thinking," he said, and Faramir nodded in understanding. "Do you wish to go further?" Faramir took a breath and swallowed, then nodded. The realization that he was in the place where his brother had died was overwhelming. Aragorn gripped the younger man's shoulder comfortingly. "Come, then," he said, and they went into the woods. 000000000000 The two friends sat at the top of the falls, the thundering of the water in their ears, and spray rising up about them. Aragorn was watching Faramir nervously. He stared blankly into the spray. The fingers on his right hand were twitching, a sure sign of anxiety. "Faramir..." he muttered, unsure of how to begin. The Steward turned to him. Aragorn realized that his eyes were red and puffy. "Yes, Aragorn?" he asked, his voice hoarse. He has been crying, Aragorn thought, inwardly grimacing, I could not hear it over the roar of the falls. He tactfully concealed the recognition, but not before Faramir noticed. "I am sorry," he muttered, choking on the words as he began to cry again. "Oh, Faramir!" Aragorn held him close as he cried shamelessly into the King's shoulder. "I have told you already there is no shame in tears." Faramir went limp in his arms, his thin body shaking, and Aragorn realized how undernourished he was. "There, Faramir," he said, his voice low and soothing. Faramir closed his eyes. He had been waiting his entire life for someone to hold him and comfort him as he cried out all of his tears. He had wished so many times for his father to do just this, but Denethor saw tears as a weakness. Many a night after his mother's death, Faramir had cried himself to sleep, clutching a pillow tightly. He'd gotten over his grief eventually, but Boromir's death had sent him into a new despair, and he had remained that way until the end of the War. But by that point, Denethor's madness was full-fledged, and he got no comfort from him, only scorn. His recovery had been aided greatly by Eowyn, who had given him, in a way, something to live for. And his and Aragorn's 'vacation,' though dastardly it had turned out, had caused him to find a friend in Gondor's new King. At last, he drew back, his tears spent. "How are you?" Aragorn asked, worriedly. Faramir met his gaze, genuine honesty reflected in his grey eyes. "I feel as though a great weight has been lifted off of my heart," he said solemnly. "Thank you, Aragorn. For bringing me here, for telling me of Boromir's last moments, and his redemption. And thank you..." He looked out across the landscape around them, his eyes tearing up again as the misty grey, twilit lands around them blurred into a fog through his eyes. "Thank you for filling the place that my father never filled," he said, his voice cracking, a smile breaking out on his lips through the tears streaming down his cheeks. Aragorn smiled as well, helping him to his feet. "You are welcome," he walked alongside his Steward, as Faramir leaned subconsciously against his shoulder, relieving some of the weight on his damaged leg. 000000000000 Their rest that night was undisturbed, and Aragorn, much to Faramir's chagrin, had insited on watching the whole time so that his friend could sleep. When morning came, Faramir's eyes flickered open to the pale light of dawn. "How are you this morning?" Aragorn asked. He'd been sitting nearby, leaning against a tree, blowing smoke rings from his pipe. Faramir looked up at him and smiled. "I am well, Aragorn," he said, "Let us go home." And so, within a few moments, they did that very thing. Their bedrolls were strapped to the saddles, and King and Steward mounted up together, beginning the ride back to their city, putting the past behind them as they rode off into the silver mist of the morning. 000000000000 THE END Authour's note: I know this wasn't supposed to be up until May 26, but I finished it, so I wanted to post it now. My first oneshot, finished! What do you guys think? Sorry about the spoilers for 'A Tale of Two Rangers,' but at least you don't have to worry about Faramir dying in that one. Well, you never really need to, until the last volume in the series, when, inevitably, he will die. Such is the fate of mortal men, the Gift of Eru Iluvatar to his younger children... Anyway, off on a tangent again. This is basically where Faramir begins thinking of Aragorn as more than a friend, but as a father figure in his life. There will be less formality after this, obviously. And... I just hope I got everything right! See you all soon, and thank you for reading! Namaarie, Luthien