Merry snarled and walked up to him. He lowered his voice. "The enemy thinks you have the Ring! He's going to be looking for you, Pip. They have to get you out of here." Pippin looked frightened. He hadn't realised before what danger he had put himself in. The last thing he wanted was for the enemy to come after him. He wasn't too keen on leaving Edoras this way either. He looked at Merry hesitantly. "And you… you're coming with me" he said, almost as a question. His cousin seemed so angry with him. Merry didn't respond. He turned and walked towards the stables where Gandalf had gone. Pippin felt unsure, this was not how he had thought he was going to leave. For a brief second a doubting feeling came over him, but it vanished as soon as it had appeared. He would not be going anywhere without Merry. Merry was his one secure thing in the midst of all the chaos, the one thing person who would be there to the end and not leave or be killed. Even when he was this annoyed. But Pippin didn't like the way Merry's brisk way of walking off made him feel. "Merry?" "Come on!" Merry snarled. Pippin hurried after him into the stables, where Gandalf was standing with Shadowfaxe. Earlier on Pippin had wished he could get to ride the grand horse, but now he was unwilling to. Merry had drawn back into a corner and said something in a low voice to Gandalf as Pippin came up to them. His cousin didn't look quite so angry now, but it was obvious that things were not as they should between them. But they would have plenty of time during the ride to talk. He wondered how Gandalf would be able to fit two Hobbits on the horse but no doubt the wizard had it all figured out. Gandalf grabbed him and hauled him up to the horse's back. Pippin turned to Gandalf and started to get nervous. "How far is Minas Tirith?" he asked. "Three days ride, as the nazgûl flies" Gandalf said. "And you'd better hope we don't have one of those on our tail." Pippin looked dejected and felt like he had gotten a reprimand of some sort. Gandalf turned to give them some space while Merry stepped up from his corner and handed something to Pippin. He didn't look angry anymore, just sad or concerned, Pippin couldn't quite tell which. Neither option seemed very good. Why wasn't he up on the horse as well? "Here" Merry said and nodded to him to take the pouch in his hand. "Something for the road." "The last of the longbottom leaf" Pippin said, stung by a sense of fear. Why was Merry giving this to him? He looked at his cousin and wished he knew what the look in his eyes meant. One thing he did realise. Merry was not going to come with him. "I know you've run out" Merry said and his voice confirmed that he was concerned now and not angry. "You smoke too much, Pip." "But… But we'll see each other soon" Pippin said. Merry looked over at Gandalf and knew that the wizard understood him. Right now he wasn't being treated like a child, he appreciated that the wizard took his concerns seriously. He felt like there was a new understanding between them now. Merry pleaded Gandalf with his eyes to leave now, to ride off with Pippin before this moment got anymore difficult. Merry knew that Pippin was riding to great danger, but that Merry himself would be in great danger as well. They were not likely to ever see each other again and he wanted Pippin gone before it dawned on his younger cousin. The two had been in each other's company for so long that it was a frightening realisation that they might not meet the end together. Gandalf saw his plead and hurried up to the horse. "Won't we?" Pippin insisted. For a split second Merry contemplated lying to Pippin but he didn't want them to part with a lie. It was bad enough that he had let his anger and fear out on Pippin earlier in the day; he didn't want to make things worse. His parting gift had also been a plead for forgiveness; he didn't want to have anything else to be forgiven for before they left. "I don't know" he said to Pippin and backed away as Gandalf sat up. He felt his voice trembling. "I don't know what's going to happen." "Merry…" Pippin said and shook his head slightly. Gandalf leaned over to speak to his horse, eager to part the two Hobbits before things got any worse. The realisation Merry had been dealing with since the previous night was just beginning to dawn for Pippin and Gandalf did not want to see what would happen if Pippin figured it all out before they had left. The crazy Took might just decide to jump off Shadowfaxe's back and stay with his cousin. Gandalf took a firm grip of Pippin and spoke to his horse. "Run Shadowfaxe. Show us the meaning of haste." "Merry!" Pippin cried as the horse set off in a gallop. Shadowfaxe stormed off towards Minas Tirith with a devastated Pippin on his back but Gandalf didn't slow the pace down to allow the Hobbit one last look over his shoulder. The sooner they got far away from Edoras the better. Merry ran out from the stables and towards one of the watchtowers. He pushed a soldier aside as he hurried up the stairs and didn't hear Aragorn calling his name. He found a spot where the fence did not go so high and looked on as the wizard rode off with his cousin. He had lost Frodo already and now Pippin was gone as well. Aragorn came up to him and placed his hand on Merry's shoulder. This time it felt comforting.