playing pebbles in the forest," she began timidly. "And we were talking about… things…" she glanced sideways at Elladan. "And Elrohir overheard us." "What were you talking about, pen-neth?" asked Celebrian. Elladan had more than enough idea, and he was disgusted. Firieth grimaced. "Elladan." she murmured. "We were talking about him. Elrohir told us to… stop… and Aennen said some things. He said that Elladan was a coward and a liar. Elrohir and he got into a fight." she pulled a face. "There was a lot of blood. Then Aennen let go and tried to walk away before things got too rough. But Elrohir grabbed a rock and struck him on the head for no reason!" "She's lying!" Elladan turned red. "'Ro would never do something like that!" Firieth stuck her chin out. "He did too." "Did not!" he snapped. "Did too!" "Did not, you little warg spi-" "Elladan, go to your room and take off those dirty clothes," Celebrian interceded gently before the two could get into a fistfight. She knew how Elladan must be feeling, and wanted to give him time to cool down. Time in which they would hopefully find Elrohir. It was getting late: close to dinnertime. The thought of one of her babies out in the woods alone made Celebrian's motherly instincts scream. She forced herself to remain calm and looked hard at Firieth, then turned back to Elrond. She would get the truth from the young elleth later. Elladan stormed off toward the house and sat down on the front steps. He was so mad he wanted to throw Aennen, Balthoron, and Firieth into the Bruinen. Not back one hour and already 'Ro was missing and probably in danger. Glaring into the woods, the elder twin crossed his arms. I'll find you, 'Ro. I'll find you, I promise. Elladan could vaguely feel what Elrohir was feeling. Phantom pain spiked in his left ankle and all over his face and torso. Elrohir was injured and in trouble. Ever since birth the twins had had a connection as strong as only a bond between twins could be. A connection of their fëar; their souls, intertwined with one another's. Elladan closed his eyes, throwing his senses into the unseen and concentrating solely on that bond. Elrohir was in pain. He was afraid. He was alone. Where are you, El? His eyes opened. "Ada! Nana! I know where we can find him!" …. "Ro? Ro, can you hear me?" The voice sounded distant. At first Elrohir wondered if it was just a dream. If it was a dream, then it was a cruel one. Elrohir buried his face in his hands and curled up into a tighter ball. Blast that voice, why didn't it just go away and leave him to his misery? "Elrohir, it's me! Elladan!" Elrohir felt a warm presence envelope his senses like a ray of light bursting through the window and bringing warmth to a dark cold room. It was like an embrace. He raised his head, blinking against the onslaught of sudden setting sun rays, and found himself staring up into a pair of gray eyes set in an identical face. "'Dan?" Kneeling beside the dirty form, Elladan looked his brother up and down. Elrohir's face was covered in dried blood and stained his long, tangled hair. He lay in an awkward position and was shaking softly. Elladan pulled the other twin into a firm embrace. "It's me, 'Ro! I'm here, I promised I would find you and I did. I'm sorry for not being here to help you!" "'Ss not your fault," Elrohir murmured drowsily, content to be in his brother's arms. "Aennen said you were a liar and a coward… and… I killed him 'Dan!" Elrohir buried his face in his arms again. Elladan shook his head. "No you didn't! He just has a con-co-cussion," he struggled to pronounce the word. "He'll be fine. Firieth is getting a lecture from Nana too. I don't think they'll ever doubt you as a fighter again. But, Ro, don't you ever do that again! I can't bear to lose you!" All of Elrohir's worries were washed away in those few simple earlier words. Aennen was not dead, he wasn't a kinslayer, and Elladan and Nan were home again. "I don't want to lose you either." the younger twin nodded slowly. His gaze sought Elladan's. "Promise me you won't leave me, 'Dan? Ever ever break our bond and leave me?" Ada and the other elves appeared and gathered around the elflings. Elrond breathed a prayer of relief to the Valar and began examining Elrohir at once. He patted Elladan briefly on the head, his relief and thankfulness that they had found Elrohir expressing itself in his eyes. Elrohir would have plenty of painful bruises and had sprained his ankle again. It would take longer to heal this time. But I have 'Dan now, Elrohir thought with a small sigh. That was all he needed. Elladan hardly noticed what went on around him. He simply hugged Elrohir tighter. "I won't leave you, 'Ro." he murmured. "I'll be right here." . THE END . TRANSLATIONS: Ada - Father Nana - Mother Mitho orch - Go kiss an orc Meleth nin - My love Elleth - a female elf ( ellon is masculine) . Hai, and thanks for reading this little... ficlet? Whatever this short tales are called. I got released and allowed to return home to my beloved computer. Yayy! All of the doctors are happy to get rid of me and my psycho giggling. I wrote this little fic because the twins are two of my favorite-of-all characters, and I want to write stories about them later. But being as they are not my own inventions, I want some practice before I get into adventure stories with them. Oh, and this isn't the last of Aennen, Balthoron, and Firieth. They will return, however unfortunately. PLEASE REVIEW! I BEGGETH OF YOU! (hey, that rhymed. Huh. Interesting.) -NIGHTHAUNTEr15