wore the Rings of Power…pure evil. As far as anyone knows, most of the dwarf lords that wore the rings were killed by dragons." "Now, love, I've already said I'll get up with them if they have bad dreams; but the dragons are gone and the Nazgul are gone and the Dark Lord is gone, so there's no need for bad dreams. We wouldn't have told them all this if the Dark Lord still lived, so we ought to be glad Arda is a save enough place now we can finally tell the, we ought! "Anyway, Sauron went to war, and some fell to him, but some fought him, just like we did. It was the last time Elves and Men fought side by side 'til our battle at the Black Gate. They called it an alliance. "The war 'tween Sauron and the Alliance came to a head at Dagorland. They say the only race that didn't fight on both sides during that battle was Elves. Men, Dwarves, even birds and beasts were divided; some fighting on one side, some on the other, but the elves all fought against the Dark Lord. "They say it was a sight to see, those elf lords and lords of men fighting together. They fought for over seven years, they did, and many died. It looked like the Alliance had the victory; things were so bad the Dark Lord himself joined the fight. He killed Gil-galad, the leader of the elves, and Elendil, the leader of the men, and Elendil's sword broke when he fell., it did. Isildur, Elendil's son, grabbed the hilt of his father's sword, and with what was left of the blade, cut the One Ring from Sauron's hand. Sauron fled and wasn't seen or heard of for a long, long time. The Dark Tower was destroyed and Men guarded Mordor. The sons of Elrond say that their father and Lord Cirdan told Isildur he should throw the One Ring into the fires of Mount Doom, but he wouldn't do it, and he wouldn't give it to them for them to do it either, he wouldn't. "When Isildur was killed by orcs, the One Ring went missing and no one knew where it was 'til 'bout 20 years ago, The Wizard figured out it was in the Shire. So, there was this meeting to decide what the free folk ought to do 'bout the Ring. Remember, we heard rumors Lord Boromir was looking for an elven valley? Well, that's where the meeting was! They decided to send the One Ring to Mordor to be thrown into the fires of Mount Doom. Nine Walkers - the Fellowship - set out from Rivendell, one for each of the nine Riders, the Nazgul. Lord Boromir was one, the wizard Mithrandir, the dwarf Gimli, Prince Legolas, the halfling Frodo, who was the Ring-bearer, Merry and Pippin, the two Halflings who rode with us to the Black Gate, Frodo's gardener, Sam, and King Elessar, who was a Ranger from the North back then. "They went through all kinds of horrible times, but you probably heard 'bout all that. How they found some of the dwarf's kin dead in Moria, where a troll attacked the Ring-bearer and the Wizard fought a Balrog. Lord Boromir was killed at Amon Hen, but they say he slew a field full of orcs 'fore an archer got him. That's where Merry and Pippin were captured by the orcs, and where Sam and Frodo left the others. From there, they set out for Mount Doom and the rest of the Fellowship hadn't seen them since, 'til Ithilien. "Now, like I was saying, when they were well enough to join us, we cried out 'Praise the Ring-bearers', and sounded horns and trumpets. The king knelt to Sam and Frodo and sat them up on the throne and cried out 'Praise them with great praise!' When a minstrel from Gondor sang of Frodo, Sam laughed and said how all his wishes had come true and then he cried, he did, and so did we all. When the minstrel finished singing, we had a great feast. The king observed the Standing Silence, he did. The Fellowship visited together apart from the rest of us, and as I was bedding down, I heard Prince Legolas singing. It was a blessed time, it was. There were trees all around, and flowers and the sound of the stream and, of course, the sun. Wasn't the sun amazing, love? But, even with all that, we just wanted to get home to our families and see you all again. But none of us wanted to leave the ones behind who had been less lucky than us and we wanted them to be really ready to travel, so we waited and we sang and feasted and we shared stories. "When we finally started back, we sailed from Cair Andros to Osgiliath. After a day there, we came to the Pelennor fields and when we saw the White City again, there was hardly a dry eye, so glad was we all to be seeing her again. Well, the rest of it you saw, you did, so there's no point telling you what you already know. "Battle isn't a glorious thing in itself. I hope you don't never have to fight, son. It isn't something to laugh at or to take joy in. Killing is something we do 'cause we have to, not 'cause we want to. But everyone pulling together like we did…that was might special and I was proud to be part of it, I was. All the good folk of Middle Earth took a stand together against the evil and we won…together. And the man who led us is a good man and he'll be a fine king, he will. You all remember that should any say different! He'll take good care of us, he will. Like the Wizard said, may the days of the king be blessed." The End