place where we can take our Honeymoon." " Where?" " Here." Arwen said, gesturing to a large boat. " Arwen, you know how I hate sailing…" " Please… For me?" Arwen pleaded. " Fine." Aragon said and boarded the boat. Arwen leaned in to kiss Aragorn and he did the same. Right before their lips touched, though, Arwen pulled out a potato sack (gasp!)! She then put it over Aragorn's head and a bunch of elves, including Elrond, came out of nowhere and tied Aragorn up. Elrond went up to Arwen and said, "Good job, honey, I'm so proud of you!" " Thanks dad!" Arwen said with a smile. Aragorn saw all of the other stranded people and went over to them. "What are you all doing here!" He asked them. "I thought this was supposed to be my Honeymoon!" "Not unless you're married to all of us." Gandalf said sarcastically. "What!" Bilbo yelled. "What's going on then?" Aragorn asked. "The last thing I remember was seeing the interior of a potato sack!" At the moment Aragorn mentioned the dreaded potato sack all of the hobbits, and Gimli, screamed and passed out. "What's with them?" Aragorn asked. "Long story." Gandalf said. "Very well." Aragorn replied. The last two people to emerge from the pile were big and covered in black robes. ( Announcer: Our last two clueless contestants come from the lands of Mordor! The first one is Sauron, the dark lord. He is famous for his two attempted world conquests. ) Sauron shook his fist at the invisible voice in the sky. "And I would have gotten away with it too if it weren't for those meddling hobbits and that Isildur too!" ( A/N: Whoa! Too much of a Scooby Doo moment there! (shudders). ) ( Announcer: Okay… Anyway, the other contestant is Sauron's most loyal minion, the King of the Nazgul, who prefers to be known as Bob, which sounds a lot less intimidating. Hah! Bob! ) Bob glared at the sky. "Are you making fun of my name, punk?" ( Announcer: No! ) "No, what?" Bob hissed. ( Announcer: No, sir! ) "That's more like it…" ( Announcer: I don't see why we had to put these guys on… Well… let's see how we got these big, very scary guys to be on our show… ) Bob and Sauron sat on another death island that was reserved for people who had done very bad things like trying to enslave the free peoples of Middle Earth, maliciously killing lots of people, and all of those who have forced children to eat asparagus (shudder). " How could we lose!" Sauron growled. " It wasn't a game, dimwit!" Bob retorted. " I hate you." " Well, I hate you more!" With that, Bob and Sauron got into a slap-fight. Suddenly, there was a flash of light and they were gone. Ooooh… spooky… Bob pointed at the group of stranded people. "Who are they!" Sauron looked closely. "Hey, that guy's the guy who destroyed my precious ring!" He hissed, pointing to Frodo. "Let's get him!" Before any more madness could ensue, however, a flash of light appeared before all of the stranded people and Arwen appeared. "Welcome to our competition!" She said. "What!" All of the stranded people exclaimed. "Arwen! What are you doing here!" Aragorn exclaimed. Arwen smiled. "I am the host of our little game that will begin soon. First, I must explain the rules. All of you will have to fend for yourselves on this island. You can form groups if you want, but that's kind of boring… Oh well…" "And why should we do this?" Boromir demanded. "Because if you win, the prize shall be one wish. It can be anything like an ice cream sundae or a pet monkey…" "…or to get my finger back…" Frodo said. "…or to become the tallest and most good-looking hobbit the world has ever seen…" Sam said. "…or to have an infinite all-you-can-eat buffet that changes food for every meal!..." Pippin said. "…or to be one of the races of men…" Merry said. "…or to have all of the magic in the world…" Gandalf said. "…or to get my family back…" Faramir said. "I hate you, Faramir." Denethor said. "…with the exception of him…" Faramir added on. "…or for… no, you already said my wish, Faramir…" Boromir said. "…or for my son and me to live again and for me to be king of Gondor…!" Denethor exclaimed. "…or for endless amounts of salted pork and beer…!" Gimi said as his mouth watered. "…or for…" Aragorn paused. "Actually, I don't think I have a wish…" "…or for the Ring to be mine and for me to rule the rest of Middle Earth! Mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" Sauron said. "I'm going to have to think about my wish…" Bob said. "What!" Bilbo yelled. "Maybe I could do without the finger and wish for Bilbo's hearing to be restored." Frodo added. "Good!" Arwen said. "All of you know what you want! If one of you leaves the island, you will be disqualified. Also, you will occasionally be summoned together to vote someone off. Any questions?" "Yeah, I have a question." Denethor said. "Who are you? Where are you from? And more importantly…" He sprayed his mouth with that breath freshener to make it kissing fresh, "Are you single?" Arwen looked revolted, Aragorn punched the old man in the jaw, and Boromir and Faramir yelled, "But, you're married!" "Any other non -revolting questions?" Arwen asked. "Do you have any food?" Pippin asked. "No." Arwen said. "You have to find your own food. Any other questions?" "What!" Bilbo yelled. Everyone sighed in the hopelessness for his ears. "Very well, then." Arwen said. "Let the games begin!" She disappeared in a flash of light, leaving the thirteen contestants on their own. Nari : That's all for now! Sorry if it's too long or if I seriously bashed some of the characters. Please review and tell me what you thought!