the ground behind her, shaking the whole room and sending painful vibrations across her jaw. A rough hand grabbed the hood of her sweatshirt and yanked her backwards. Jack let out a gasp as she was released violently, Alex wrestling her away from her father. Jack watched in horror as her father pushed Alex hard enough to send him tumbling into a weight rack, his head hitting the remaining stacked weights and went frighteningly limp, laying like a broken doll. Oh god. Jack didn't even realize she was screaming her brother's name until her father turned to look at her, her lips snapping shut in fear. Almost in slow motion he charged, lowering his head like a football player. Jack spun to the side, pushing with both hands. And it was like something snapped. When he came after her again he met with a twenty pounder to the head. She swung the flat weight like a baseball bat and it connected with a sickening crack. He fell to the floor and before she knew what was happening she was standing over him, slamming the weight against him again and again. It was a madness – a seemingly unending haze of anger and hate that Jack didn't even know she possessed. Every beating, every moment of shame and want came out of her like a whirlwind of vengeance. She smashed the weight down with every bit of strength she had, over and over again until her arms ached and her throat burned. She'd been screaming, deep and wild and she hadn't even realized it. Painting Jack dropped the weight from to her side and looked down at her father. Oh god. There was so much blood. She stumbled backwards, staring at the slick weight on the ground because she was incapable of looking at her father's crushed skull again. Brain matter and some sort of thick, white ooze covered the practice mats – and then there was all the blood. Blood everywhere. All over her, on her hands, her sweat shirt. Everywhere. "Jesus." The voice was raspy and weak, Jack's head snapped towards the sound and she felt herself pale even more to find Alex awake, staring at their father with wide eyes. "Jackie, what have you done?" She backed away from him, "I-" The look in his eyes as he looked up at her caused her voice to disappear. "Run, Jack. Run the hell away." "What?" "Get out of here." Alex struggled to stand, leaning heavily on the weight stand and reached out and grabbed the front of her sweat shirt. Jack nearly fell as he yanked her towards him, ripping the hat off his head and nearly slamming it on her own. He gave her the most serious look she'd ever seen on his face as the palm of his hand rested on the back of her neck. "They'll kill you before the police ever get here. Run Jackie-boy, get the hell out of here." There was a shrill scream from the doorway. Mother stood there, her fist pressed against her lips as she stared at the bloody mess that had once been her husband. She staggered into the room, falling to her knees by her husband. Her hands clutched her head and she began to rock back and forward, a low keening noise escaping her. Jack felt bile rise for a second time at the sight of her mother's pain. Alex pushed her away sharply and Jack sent him one last fleeting glance before she fled. She should have been exhausted from her earlier run, but Jack found herself running faster then she ever had before. She reached the forest in record time, disappearing deeper and deeper into the wooded area. Branches tore at her skin and clothing but Jack didn't feel it. Adrenalin pumped through her veins, keeping her sprinting at her top speed for a period of time she honestly never dreamed was possible. The ache of her jaw and shoulder were gone. All she knew was that she had to run. She kept hearing Alex's words repeating through her head, 'Run, Jack.' Jack felt her breath come in wheezing gasps, her legs shaking to such an extent that eventually she fell when she tried to take a step. She laid on the muddy, cold grown and let out a sob. She had killed her own father. How could she claim it was in self-defense not after what she'd - the image of her father's semi-flattened skull flashed through her head and Jack rolled on her side, vomiting whatever had been left in her stomach once more. Jack wiped her mouth with the back of her hand but recoiled when she realized it was still coated with blood. She ran them desperately against the ground, smearing the mud all over her hands until they were dark brown. She didn't care, she just wanted the blood gone. Jack scrapped at them with leaves but it seemed as if nothing would remove the blood from her hands. Sobs escaped her, strong enough to rack her entire body. Oh god! She had killed her father! She had killed her father! The poor man didn't deserve it, he couldn't control the way he was. He was mentally ill for gods sake! And she'd just gone and – Jack collapsed over in half, screaming her agony into the ground. Oh god, what had she done! She stayed like that for a while, but the feel of rain on the back of her neck broke her out of her misery and once again she heard her brother's voice urging her to escape. Jack forced herself to stand up, her legs screaming as she made herself limp into a jog. South is school. West was home. East was town. North was safe. She made a sharp right, her brother's voice echoing in her head. North, she had to run North. And there's the first chapter of the remake! I hope you guys enjoy!