mask. "Do you know the punishment for striking the Prince of Mirkwood?" Melveril looked into his icy blue eyes and a strange and foreign thought popped into her mind, 'he's kind of beautiful.' She wanted to physically shake her head of such ridiculous thoughts but knew that she would likely nick herself on the blade if she did. When her silence continued the sword was pressed a little closer; Melveril felt the small trickle of blood that fell down the soft curve of her neck. "In ú-draston," she replied in Elvish; her tone bored. She watched his eyes widen before he placed the tip of his sword near her ear; moving the hair aside to reveal her pointed ears. "Why would an Elf travel with Dwarves?" he sneered the last word as he glared at her companions. All who were trying to reign in their amused looks and failing horribly. Melveril remained silent; she had said all she was going to say to him for now. The knife returned to her throat and she smirked slightly at his annoyed look, 'apparently not all Elves are patient,' she thought humorously to herself. "Our King can decide your fate," he hissed before his blade was gone and she was being lifted back onto her feet quite roughly. "That I did," she replied with a laugh and watched as Sam and Frodo seemed to fight their own laughter; she suspected out of respect for her race. Sam was the next to ask a question - apparently Bilbo told all who would hear about her, "is it true that you are related to the Lord of Rivendell?" "It is; though I don't think I will ever truly get use to that. Lord Elrond is a noble man but I never really thought of myself as an Elf who would be appart of such an important family." "Why do you say that?" Frodo questioned further; curious as too what she could possibly mean. Melveril thought for a moment - choosing her words wisely - before she spoke gently, "when I woke up after Smaug took Erebor I couldn't remember anything. All I knew was that I spoke a language that no-one of the race of man knew and my ears were pointed. A few other signs pointed to the fact that I was an Elf so I guess it was a truth I just accepted." Melveril looked down to see that she had the full attention of both her charges, "well anyway. I spent ten years in a forest; by the time Gandalf found me I was more animal than I was Elf. I tried to kill him you know," she replied casually and she hid her laugh as the two Hobbit's eyes widened dramatically; resembling large saucers. "I had figured he was there to hurt me and believed I could easily take him. For some reason I was very talented when it came to fighting. But he proved me wrong when he easily overpowered me. I thought I was done for; I fully believed he was going to kill me and I was terrified. Like a trapped animal I growled and I struggled." Melveril's eyes gazed off into the distance - trapped in past memories - as she continued, "but his eyes softened and he released me. He even gave me some of his food and water. Gandalf became my first real friend and he taught me Westron so that I could better communicate with others; not that I ever did unless necessary. Even though Gandalf managed to see the humane side of me I was still too animalistic to talk to others. Learning that you come from some royal family when you've spent so long the way I did you begin to doubt your worth." Melveril was gazing at her fingers now; watching as they curled and uncurled slowly, "Lord Elrond told me I would always have a place amongst them but it terrified me and I had never been more thankful than I was when Thorin demanded that we leave Rivendell." Frodo and Sam had heard the way her voice shook at the mention of the King under the Mountain but both men decided not to acknowledge it. Wanting to get onto a lighter topic Frodo was next to ask a question; "did you really throw your boot at Smaug's head? Uncle Bilbo said you hit him right in the eye." Her laugh filled them with warmth as she told them about facing off with the 'great and terrible Smaug'. It was different hearing it from her somehow; when Bilbo told the story it was from a Hobbit's view. To get an Elf's view was somehow more unbelievable; like Melveril was going to smirk down at them and say 'just kidding' at any moment. It went like that for most of the morning. Frodo and Sam asking questions and Melveril answering them; occasionally getting lost in past memories she had tried not to think of in decades. Each memory seemed to warm her though; because she knew that it all led to her having a family that she cherished even if she hadn't seen them in so long. When Sam asked Melveril how the Battle of Five Armies had ended they watched as her smile dropped and her face became pained. She did not answer their question. Merely urged them to continue walking as she picked her pace up. Frodo thought that she looked like someone who was trying to run from the painful memories that had been locked away tightly within the deepest recesses of the mind. It was not even ten minutes later that their trio would have two new members. Not even ten minutes before a cheerful day turned into the beginning of the toughest journey they would ever face. - Mê g'ovannen Gandalf. Trevaded and? - Well met Gandalf. Long Journey? - Am man oduleg hi? - Why are you here? - In ú-draston - I don't care