"Aye, lad, I can take down an orc with the best of them, but this skill…" "It was beyond me, as well, Boromir. Forgive me." It would have been hard to say who looked more distraught, Boromir or Frodo. Everyone in the camp remained quiet and motionless. Finally, Boromir spoke. "Well, perhaps we could take turns with this one." Legolas turned a deeper shade of green. "Unfortunately, it would be quite late by the time the last of us had…eaten. Perhaps we should dine on cram tonight and tomorrow we will rise early and hunt coney and perhaps even bird; and I am sure there is still enough light for elven eyes to find some berries to go with tonight's cram." Boromir looked disappointed, but rallied enough to say, "Well, if you all think that is best..." Everyone looked relieved except Frodo, who still knelt near the fire with his 'kabob'. "Here, Frodo, allow me to help you." Boromir took the stick from the Hobbit, but in moving it from the small hand to the large one, it fell into the dirt outside the fire ring. "Frodo, I am so sorry. The dirt…I do not see how it can be eaten now." "It is alright, Boromir. I would not have felt right being the only one to eat it. But it was very…ingenious…of you to think of it." "Yes, lad, it was an inventive idea. No doubt about it." Boromir looked somewhat mollified as his companions moved about their regular routines. Sam removed the cram from his pack and started handing it around, saving Legolas' and Aragorn's out from when they returned from their berry hunt. Before everyone had one of the biscuit in their hands, a retching sound emitted from the woods. Everyone studied their evening meal without comment, but Boromir looked toward where Aragorn and the elf had entered the woods and commented with concern. "I hope Legolas has not eaten an unsavory berry." xxx The next morning found the Fellowship seated in various relaxed positions around the fire. The elf seemed no worse for wear after his illness the night before and had accepted his share of the cronies, berries and quail with the same unconcealed delight as the others. The meal was the nearest to a feast they had eaten since Imladris. Boromir sat with his back against a tree, contentedly watching his companions. "Think you we have time for a small story, Gandalf?" "If you would rather talk than eat, I will not try to stop you." Boromir laughed. "I believe you will all appreciate this one. Faramir shares it with his Rangers at least once or twice a year to make sure all have heard it." "Good food and a good story! I'm ready for that and no mistake!" Boromir laughed again. "Very well, Sam. The story tells us that a group of travelers came to a small town with nothing but an empty pot. The people who lived in the town would not share any of their food with the strangers, so the travelers built a fire in the center of town, filled their pot with water, and dropped a large stone in it. The villagers became curious and, one by one, came by to ask what the strangers were doing. The travelers explained they were making Stone Soup, and for each villager they named a different ingredient that would improve the taste of the soup – salt, potatoes, carrots, many things – and before long, each family in the town had contributed. They didn't mind parting with just one item in order to satisfy their curiosity about the soup. In the end - because they abandoned their selfishness and cooperated - the villagers and the travelers enjoyed not only a wonderful soup, but each other's company." When Boromir's story ended, the Wizard snorted. "What? What does it mean?" Gimli answered before Boromir could speak. "It means, young Hobbit, that we should all work together. The dwarves have a similar tale, but in ours, an axe is used instead of a stone." Frodo smiled. "I've never heard that particular story from Bilbo, but I would say it means we should all take care of each other; that no one person is more important than another." Legolas looked guilty, a look that did not suit the elf. "…And that while perhaps some of us enjoy debating issues, it does not mean everyone enjoys listening to us and that it would benefit us to notice what habits of ours may be annoying our companions." Sam suddenly seemed to understand what had happened. "And that we should pay attention to what those things are and do something about them. Merry, of all the company, looked angry. "It means he tricked us! He just pretended to be sick! He never meant us to eat that…stuff! He just did it to get our attention!" Aragorn's voice was soft, but his eyes held Merry's,"And it is to our shame that he needed to resort to trickery. You see that, do you not?" Gandalf placed a hand on Merry's shoulder. "And we should be grateful that someone had the sense to do it!" "So what you are really saying is that Faramir is a smart man?" Boromir laughed again. "Aye, Pippin. And that I am wise enough to heed him." Merry and Pippin shoved their plates at Frodo and Sam and lunged at Boromir. The others laughed as the man was forced onto his back beneath their assault, but none laughed louder than Boromir! End! Disclaimer : "Lord of the Rings" and "Stone Soup" are not mine. The Fellowship belongs to Tolkien. As for the fable of Stone Soup, I first became acquainted with it while watching an episode of "Land of the Lost" and I found a reference for it (but no one to credit) on Wikipedia. It was also on Wikipedia that I learned the Eastern European version is called Axe Soup. It just seemed perfect for Gimli!