And the next minute I don't want to be talking anymore…" He smiled at her and put a hand on her waist, ready to pull her closer and kiss her. But something held him back. He couldn't let go of the uneasy feeling that he might never get a chance to return to this bench, and that next year would not arrive for him. This lass would still be here a year from now but he may not. Though through the fear of the insight he could hear his cousin's words echoing in his head. "Something to do once we return to the Shire" Merry had said." Something that will always lie ahead of you no matter where our journey may lead us." "You are a really sweet lass" Pippin said to the girl. "Will you do something for me? Something very special?" "Yes" she said. "Save that kiss you're willing to give to me now. If I am still here a year from now, if you and I ever meet again, we kiss then. Not now, tonight here on this bench… But whenever we meet again." "You are one queer Hobbit" the girl said and stroke his cheek. "But very well. I just hope that our next meeting will be sometime soon." "Thank you" Pippin said and gently placed a kiss on her left hand. She smiled at him and rose from the bench. She left him there that night, thinking that they would see each other soon, never suspecting he would be long gone by the next party. She walked away that night never knowing he had given him hope, something to await him when he came back from his journey. XX XX XX Their lips parted, Pippin pressed his softly against hers for a few seconds more. Then he gently released his mild grip and with a small smile on his lips turned and walked back to his friends. He turned his head and let his eyes meet hers for a few short seconds as she tried to catch her breath and fully understand what had just happened. She had not forgotten the promise she had made to the Took lad that night more than a year ago, but she had never known the lad had been Peregrin Took. Now he was back. They had met again and the deal was fulfilled. Pippin mounted his pony again and without a word made way for Buckland. The Hobbits around made way this time. As the three riders continued down the path they could hear the voices still trying to reach them from behind. None of the three spoke however, not until they were far away from hear sight. Pippin had a content smile on his face unlike anything his friends had ever seen before, and Frodo had a hard time making sense of what not even Merry could seem to understand. They asked him, but Pippin didn't offer any explanation. It had been far too sweet a moment to ruin it with words; words would never make them understand anyhow. Frodo knew nothing of the suggestion to keep a goal for when they returned and Merry might have forgotten all about his own plan. No, Pippin had no intention of filling them in on what they had just witnessed. "Still the queerest of them all" Frodo said. "It's good that nothing's changed." "We're almost at Brandy Hall" Merry noted. "What do you want to do once we've shaken off the welcome crowd?" "I want to visit Farmer Maggot" Frodo said. "Very well then" Merry nodded. "No" Pippin said. "We're going to the Brandywine Bridge. Merry has some diving to do." Frodo opened his mouth to ask what that was supposed to mean but Merry looked very serious and nodded to the suggestion. "Absolutely" he said. "The Brandywine Bridge." XX XX XX "You will get yourself a pneumonia" Frodo predicted as Merry came back to the surface. "The water is far too cold!" "I've survived worse obstacles than a little cold water" Merry said and reached something up to his friend. "Here, take this." "You fished out a cooking pot?" Frodo said and put the pot aside to help his cousin back up on the bridge. "Don't you have cooking gear at Brandy Hall anymore?" "It's Aunt Esmeralda's" Pippin informed Frodo. "I dropped it in the River. Mother was very upset" Merry said. "But now, I can give it back to her! Here, let me take a better look at it, I hope it's not ruined." "It's rusty, what is she going to do with it?" Frodo asked. "It's not the usage of the pot, it's that she gets it back" Merry tried to explain. "And it does appear to be in rather good shape considering it's been in the river for two and a half years." He lifted the lid off the pot and turned it upside down, letting the water in it wash over his hand. Suddenly he felt something. "Oh my goodness…" he said. "Look at this, lads!" Pippin and Frodo stared in wonder as Merry held up a diamond, small but large enough for anyone to see what kind of rock it was. The three friends looked at each other. Who ever knew a diamond could make its way into a pot at the bottom of the Brandywine River? "It makes perfect sense" Pippin said. "Our paths are entwined, cousin. And there was a diamond waiting for us both at the end of the last distance." At first neither Merry nor Frodo understood what he meant, then a smile crept across Merry's face. "So that was her name? Diamond?" Pippin just smiled in response. Merry laughed and gave his cousin a hug, against Pippin's protests that he didn't want to get wet. Frodo looked at them and wondered if there would ever be two Hobbits as queer as these two. XX XX XX Any comments would be appreciated, whether they be good, bad or constructive!