by it's mere presence. Pippin fished out a key and removed the lock, then held up the cloth for them to step inside. "A little private party, just for us" he said. The other Hobbits stepped inside and gasped at the sight of a table set with the finest courses from the buffet and five bottles of grand wine. Pippin had shamelessly stolen the best the party had to offer, including his mother's favourite china, and set up a private supper for just him and his closest friends. He lit the candles on the table and urged the others to sit down. "Amazing job, old Pip!" Folco said and nearly drooled at the sight of the large ham. "Trust you to arrange such a feast!" "I must say you've outdone yourself to arrange such a feast in the middle of another feast" Frodo said and reached for the jams. "Well tonight I join my cousin Merry in being the heir to a title and a job which I all think we can agree Merry will be better suited for than me" Pippin said with a good-natured grin. "That is a reason to celebrate, as good as any, and this feels more fitting than a grand party like the one my father is throwing." "Does that mean that when you're Thain you will invite us to a private dinner instead of a huge party?" Fatty asked. "Yes probably, but let's hope it won't be too soon, and that we perhaps might be dining together with our wives instead of like a bunch of bachelors. Not that I mind being just the lads, but a bit of female company always lightens the mood." "You don't count as a bachelor, you're too young" Fatty said. "Silence that mouth of yours with food Fatty, there is plenty to go around." "Wait, we must have a toast first" Merry objected, his mouth already full of mashed potatoes. The seven Hobbits made sure they all had wine in their glasses and lifted them up to the roof. Merry swallowed his mouthful and rose to make the toast. "To my little cousin, who on this day becomes the Thain's heir, help us all!" "Thank you" Pippin said and stuck his tongue out. "To Pip!" The seven of them toasted to Pippin, and then Folco felt the need to throw in a toast for Merry, prompting Frodo to toast to Folco and it went on like that until everybody had gotten a toast and the glasses were empty. One bottle had been emptied already and Pippin received teasing comments on how he had stolen far too little for seven Hobbits. Frodo sat back and looked at his two young friends. As if by a given signal they turned and looked at each other, sharing a smile and an understanding over something Frodo knew he would never comprehend. Tonight it was clearer than ever that these two Hobbits had a bond which Frodo might have had with Merry at one point, but it was too late now. Yet at this moment he could not begrudge them their bond, he loved them both and when the two of them turned and smiled at him he knew that he would always be welcome to be at their side. Neither Merry nor Pippin seemed to even understand that they had a bond that was special, it was obvious to everyone but them, to them it was too natural. And in their eyes Frodo was as good a friend as they'd ever know and Frodo knew with full certainty that they would be there for him throughout his life. Not even the lingering thoughts of darkness he had carried on and of for the past years could bring him down tonight. He had seen both Merry and Pippin throughout their lives, known them since they were still months away from being born, and he had seen them grow into the Hobbits that they were today. Somehow he felt like whatever changed around him these two would not change. Come rain, come shine these two would still be here, like he saw them now, always in the Shire and always jesting and smiling and full with a love for life which had been in them both since Pippin was born. It was incomprehensible to Frodo that life would ever change for this pair, and he couldn't imagine any trouble ever coming over them. Had he known this evening what lied in the future for all three of them he would not have believed it. Later in life he would often look back at this night and wish that he could have stopped time at that moment. XX XX Fourteen year-old Frodo snuck through the Master Halls into the room where Saradoc and Esmeralda slept. He paid no notion to the two adults in the bed, other than to make sure that they were sleeping; he was more interested in the baby that he had been shown for the first time earlier in the day. He thought that perhaps if he took a closer look he would be able to see what the grown-ups saw, maybe he had just discarded the little baby too fast. He stood up on his tiptoes and looked down at the baby, who was awake but not screaming. He studied the child long and hard and wondered how anybody could care for such a little thing. "What's so magnificent about you anyways?" he whispered. He tiptoed out of the room back towards his own bedroom, confident that he would never care a bit for the latest addition to the Brandybuck family. XXX XXX XXX End note : Well there it is… I hope you enjoyed it and I would love a review. Positive and constructive criticism is welcome. If you didn't like it feel more than free to tell me so, but if you don't tell me what I can improve then there's not much use. Thank you for reading!