other troubles sleeping so we helped her move closer to the light." "She's slept like a baby since," Maylin nodded. Once again, Jack was struck by the changes that had happened in both himself and his friends. Jaden was scared of the dark, Maylin was engaged , and Leigh... well Leigh was a bit darker than she had been before, and she had a wicked sword. He was sitting in Beorn's hall for crying out loud! That was not something a teenager thought of throughout high school. At that moment, he would probably have been cramming before an exam or endeavoring to defeat one of his video games. College would have come next, and maybe someday he would start thinking about a family. Men who changed into bears, Elves, and towering, medieval halls did not fit into that equation. On the other hand, how many people would ever get a chance like that? ...Well, four. Something scratched at the door and he was jarred out of his thoughts again. Glorfindel looked up from the glittering embers and looked passively at the noisy door. Then he looked back at his youngest little friend and smiled warmly. "Go back to bed, mellon nin ," he advised. "Morning will come swiftly, and Maylin shall be anxious to depart." Jack agreed with a bob of his head and retired back to his bed, listening to the sweet refrains of elven verse as Glorfindel sang from the fire. Memories of trees that scraped the sky and dwellings floating in their branches drifted into his mind accompanied by the mystic beauty of the elven tongue as the young man slipped into slumber. .O.O.O. Beorn awoke the mortal members of the company the next morning when he tossed open the heavy doors and let a glaring flood of sunshine into the fire-lit hall. Groaning, Jack rolled over lazily and squinted at the towering figure walking briskly through the sunshine. "A merry morning, my sleepy guests!" he roared happily. Both Maylin and Glorfindel rose from where they had been seated by the fire and bowed respectfully to their host. The others were nowhere near that coherent, and struggled to free themselves from the twisted sheets. Of course, Beorn found this heartily hilarious and marched over to wear Jack was tossing off the last of his covers. In one swift swing, the bear man took the boy by the arms and swung him free of the bed altogether, plopping him back down on the floorboards with a definite thud . "There now, awake and alert, little willow-wand?" he asked, clapping Jack on the back. Jack nodded shakily and managed to squeak, "Yes, sir." Once again, this was deeply amusing to Beorn, and he turned to see to his other guests. Leigh and Jaden had already scrambled free of their beds, judging it wise considering the aid Jack had been given by their enthusiastic host. With a clap of his hands, Beorn summoned his amazing animals, and breakfast was laid out much as dinner the previous night had been, though less formally set out. The Four tucked in readily, and Glorfindel ate at his usual, refined and painfully slow pace. It was Leigh's deepest fear that Maylin would become as slow and refined as the others of her new race. Once the wonderful foods that had been laid out for breakfast, nearly all of which contained honey or could be covered with honey, Beorn leaned back in his strange, low chair and eyed them all knowingly. "I suppose you mean to depart this morn," he rumbled. Glorfindel nodded. "Indeed," the elf informed their host, "for there is still a long ways to go yet, and lady Maylin's anticipation is wearying when it chafes against one all day." Maylin stuck her tongue out at the older elf. "This I suspected," Beorn sighed, slapping his heavy hands down on the table and causing the Four to jump in their seats. "And so I have had goods for your journey packed away in your saddlebags, for I would not send you from my hall empty-handed." "And certainly not empty bellied," Leigh chimed in. Beorn laughed. "There is hope for this one." The horses were ready and waiting to leave the nice but strange place when their masters came for them a few minutes later. The resident horses seemed almost put out when Fengel bestowed all of his attention on Jack as his young master stepped into the barn. There were a few cows stabled near the horses in the same barn, and the majestic warhorse seemed affronted to be left in the same building all night with cattle. Almost the moment Jack finished strapping on the saddle and fixing the reins, Fengel tried to nose him towards the door. For a while Jack managed to hold off the pushy beast, but in the end he had to go outside and wait for the others there thanks to Fengel's restless demands. Sunlight was warming the chilly night air as the rest of the troop came outside leading their mounts. All of the beasts were glad to be setting out again, though they would be sad to leave the warm straw and fresh fodder of Beorn's stable. Their riders felt equal sentiments. Of course, they were even more anxious to start thanks to the festivities waiting at the end of their trip; Maylin was especially excited. Beorn came out to see them off with a mighty axe resting on his shoulder. "You take care of this fellow," he told Jack, speaking about Fengel, "and he will take care of you." "I'll be sure to remember that," Jack smiled. He then wished Maylin a joyful wedding and good life and bid farewell to the entire company as they rode out through the gate and disappeared into the trees. A/N: The other chapters are all REALLY long, so you should be very happy. Say 'Beorn' in your review if you have read my author's notes! Thankies much!