that I would be standing here today with you. I'm so glad I didn't ruin things before they had even started, you could so easily have told me to stay away after that incident and we never would have come to care for one another as we did that spring." "Merry you are completely oblivious and you always were" Estella said with a resigned sigh. Merry wasn't sure what she meant by that but he could find out later. Right now it was late and she ought to get to bed and get some rest. He had not planned on having any parties at Crickhollow until the baby was born but the return of Pippin had to be celebrated somehow. He would let her go back inside and then find his cousin before he drank up all the good wine. Mimosa saw Merry lean in and give his wife a soft, long kiss, the way Mimosa knew he kissed when he was in one of his tender moods. She decided she had had enough fun for one night and made her way towards the stables to fetch her pony. On the way she nearly collided with Pippin who had just helped his sister get her pony saddled to go home. He looked at Mimosa with curious eyes. "Leaving so soon?" he asked. "I hate to tell you this Pippin, but your party is nothing short of a bore" she snarled, not in the mood for small talk with him of all people. "You can't leave without at least one dance with the guest of honour, now can you?" Pippin grinned, almost seeming amused by her annoyance. "Oh sod off Peregrin" she said and strode off towards the stables. "Mimosa!" he called after her and was surprised that she stopped. "I know what's bothering you…" "Mind your own business." "If you really love him, wouldn't you want him to be happy?" Mimosa remembered something Merry had said to her on the night of his engagement party. She turned and looked at Pippin and felt resigned. "Of course I do. I'm just not the type who is willing to put his happiness above my own and keep a smile on my face. Not in a case like this. I want him for myself and I can't accept that he doesn't want me back." Pippin didn't respond and she walked off towards the stables. He watched her go and mused for a moment over how strange it was. This lass was every Hobbit bachelor's dream, but she had not been enough for Merry. He had not needed a sparkling gem; he had needed someone who was a diamond in the rough. Pippin realised he was just the same way. Beauty would fade but the inner qualities would not. He suddenly felt a longing to find his diamond in the rough. He went back to the party and sought out Merry's company. Together they shared a tankard of ale and the mood was as gloomy as it had been on that night when they sat by the campfire with Frodo and Sam. Pippin thought of how he had pestered his cousin about Mimosa over the years and felt ashamed. Merry didn't want to listen to Pippin's apologies however. "If I can't handle a little teasing then I'm not much fun, am I?" he said. "Stop trying to apologise. You're just drunk, that's all." "I may have had a lot of ale tonight but there's one thing I am clear on…" Pippin said and handed the tankard to Merry. "What is that?" Merry asked and took a sip before handing it back. "That I am going to learn from your mistakes. I'm not going to let a pair of sweet eyes and a coquettish smile get in the way of my better judgment. I want to find someone who fits me as well as Estella fits you." "I'll drink to that" Merry said. "That is if you can take your sip and hand the tankard back to me before we are both past a hundred!" Pippin took a deep sip and then handed the tankard to Merry with a smile. It was funny the way life turned out sometimes. That night by the campfire none of them would have guessed that Merry would settle down with Fatty Bolger's sister. "You know, all mistakes I've made have not been bad" Merry said thoughtfully. "Name one that was good." "That second time I kissed Estella" Merry said. "She doesn't even know it, but if it hadn't been for that kiss we would have been here today. She told me the next day that she didn't see kissing the way I did, for her it was a display of affection and not something you did with any random person. Luckily I was only so blockheaded that it took me a couple of weeks rather than forever to really realise what had happened that night. The way she had kissed me back, that was the way she would have kissed someone she loved. When I realised that I realised her feelings for me. Had I never made the mistake of kissing her, and had she never made the mistake of telling me what she told me about kisses, then we wouldn't be married today." "So you and Estella both made mistakes that turned out for the better" Pippin concluded. "You are a good match." But Pippin had learned something from Mimosa's mistakes and not just from Merry's. If he found someone he knew he wanted he would not let them go, he would make sure he got them before he lost them to someone else. He took the tankard back from Merry again and glanced out over the people who were at the party. He wondered if his diamond in the rough was among them. XXX XXX XXX Thank you for reading! Please review! Disclaimer : I own nothing but the characters I made up and the story itself.