furthest he ever went from the flat was to the local library to borrow books to read, and even then he usually went in Faramir's company. No one who knew what had happened ever relaxed around him. Gandalf was abnormally guarded around him. Boromir, Éowyn, and Éomer showed open dislike. Merry and Pippin regarded him shyly and with no small degree of fear, when they came to visit with Faramir and Éowyn or play with the children. Faramir… Out of Faramir, Denethor could discern nothing. They have never really spoken of what was. Denethor desired nothing more than to finally speak with him, and yet could never find the words. For the enormity of what he had done, there were no words that would ever be sufficient to beg forgiveness with. Even Elboron, though young he was, avoided his grandfather if at all possible. In truth, Denethor did not exactly make it easy for his grandchildren to love him—he drove Faramir and Éowyn half-mad at his inability to censor his still quite-morbid thoughts around the children, and going ever on and on about death and destruction had quite thoroughly soured Elboron on him. More than that, Denethor suspected that someone , he wasn't sure who, but someone , had told Elboron tales of his days before the hospital. Sometimes, he would catch Elboron looking at him as though he expected him to catch on fire at any moment, and take the flat down with him. There was no one who did not tread carefully about him, or look upon him with open dislike. Well, then again… "Grandpapa?" Little Finduilas, second of her name, had absolutely no compunction about clambering up onto her elderly grandfather's lap like his legs were a climbing frame, and today, Denethor decided it would be better to simply put her climbing to an end and pull her up there himself, and save his legs the soreness they'd surely have later if he did not. She looked up into his face and smiled. "Grandpapa, I want a story!" Though she had her mother's sun-gold hair, little Finduilas otherwise strongly resembled her grandmother. Pale, heart-shaped face, sea gray eyes, same sweet, innocent smile. Where Elboron avoided his grandfather, little Finduilas had taken to him like a fish takes to water. Perhaps it was because he did not speak down to her as other adults did. Perhaps it was because Denethor indulged his granddaughter's mile-wide morbid streak—only fair, considering she'd gotten it from him. Little Finduilas loved gruesome stories of death and destruction; the sinking of Beleriand and later of Númenor and what had led to both were among her favorites. Her parents both said it would give her nightmares, but Denethor and his granddaughter both knew that she was made of sterner stuff than that. And if Denethor was especially fond of his granddaughter, he knew exactly why. In truth, little Finduilas's resemblance to her namesake had a great deal to do with it, but there was more to it than that. Little Finduilas was the only one who did not look upon him, and then turn away in fear. "Alright, my little one." That was a term the first Finduilas had often and Denethor sometimes used on their youngest son, and somehow, it seemed appropriate that the youngest in the family should be called that once again. He smiled down at her. "What shall it be today?" The story of how Grandpapa had once nearly burned Daddy to death would not be told today. While little Finduilas might be made of sterner stuff than her parents gave her credit for, Denethor suspected that such a tale really would give her nightmares. One day she would told. One day she would have to be, but not today. When that day came, Denethor hoped that his little granddaughter would be able to forgive him, even if no one else could. Okay, in truth, this story came to me from the conception of the first line, and it was originally going to be a lot more humorous than it ended up being, when I realized that, you know, this really isn't funny. So what humor there is survived in the form of Denethor's narrative snark. He does seem the sort. Here we have a sort-of quasi-Modern Day AU whose continuity makes no sense even to me. There are still Elves and Dwarves and Hobbits and Wizards, but no Sauron, no One Ring, no palantíri, and it's set in modern-day-could-be-anywhere. And if nothing else I don't want anyone taking away the message that the mentally ill all behave as Denethor does. That is absolutely not what I intended. But the fact stands that in this universe where there is no Sauron, no Mordor, no One Ring, and no palantír, Denethor, who isn't Steward of anything in this either, still got into the state of mind where he was willing to kill himself and take his youngest kid with him. Even in the books he came across to me as mentally ill, and dysthymia (chronic depression, characterized as a depressive state lasting longer than two years), and schizoid personality disorder (a personality disorder whose symptoms include being "aloof, cold and indifferent", having extreme difficulty forming social relationships, "feeling "lost" without the people they are normally around" and being unable to form accurate images of how others see them) fit the symptoms. So Denethor still tried to kill his kid, lived to regret it (as I'm sure he would have in the books as well, had he lived) and must deal with the fallout of what he did. I don't think Boromir, who wouldn't have died in this AU setting either, would ever have forgiven him for doing that, and I doubt Éowyn would have been too impressed with him either. After all, illness or no illness, Denethor did try to kill someone they both love dearly, and being ill does not absolve him of responsibility on that score. Thank you for reading.