sight of their destination, Faramir felt the old lack of enthusiasm creeping back up on him. Perhaps the journey truly is a richer experience than the destination itself. Or maybe I wasn't as interested in this as I thought I would be. Reaching Mount Doom itself only cemented that feeling in Faramir's mind. The area around the site where the re-enactments (there were several to be taking place over the course of the next four days) was crowded claustrophobically with tents and stands and all sorts of things that you could imagine. All of it was the sort of thing you could find at a gift shop, unless it was food, and even that had a distinct air of the tourist trap about it—Faramir did not see a single wholesome thing to eat anywhere, and instead saw nothing but popcorn and funnel cakes liberally dribbled with syrup or confectioner's sugar, and a host of other empty, sugary foods. The tents, the stands, the shops set up out of the back of people's cars, they sold t-shirts, hats, sunglasses, knick-knacks, and other small, unimportant, ultimately valueless things. The five stood in the middle of this crowd, looking around, feeling rather isolated, and more than a little disappointed. Faramir supposed he should have known better; of course this was going to turn into some sort of tourist trap circus, how could it not have? I would have been better off just staying at home after all. What will a re-enactment be like given this sort of atmosphere before it even begins? If Faramir was disgruntled, Arwen looked upset, for a moment or two nearly to the point of tears. She drew a deep breath to gather up her composure, and said, "Faramir, may I look at the program the man at the gate gave you?" He handed it over, brow furrowed, and they all watched as Arwen's face grew ever paler as she flipped the pages, back and forth, faster and faster. Finally she snapped the booklet shut and shook her head violently, eyes screwed shut, swallowing hard. "I… I am sorry, truly, but I don't think I could stomach watching any of this. I know this seems like ancient history to all of you, but many of the people involved in the events that are going to be re-enacted here were my close kin. My father…" Her voice nearly caught, and she reached up to rest her hand over Aragorn's when he put a hand on her shoulder "…my father played an active part during many of the events mentioned in this program. After what I have seen here, I am not certain how much respect shall be paid, either to the living or to the dead." No one knew quite what to say to this. They all felt disappointed with what they had found here, and no one bothered to ask Arwen why she had come in the first place, if she had had even the faintest inkling that things would be like this. They all knew why Arwen came. It had been for the same reason as them, sheer curiosity. Curiosity to see how such a thing would be handled. Arwen could not be faulted for becoming upset with the spectacle made out of what for her was still recent family history, and the others could not be faulted for being disappointed. They all had expected more. After a few moments of silence, Aragorn, his hand still on Arwen's shoulder, finally spoke up. "I take it that no one wishes to stay here?" The sharp nodding that greeted this question told him what he needed to know. "Well, where do we go from here, then? Back to Dol Amroth?" No one wanted to just go home. They'd driven for nearly a week, after all, and no one, not even Faramir at this point, wanted to just go back to the van and drive back home. They had come too far and expected too much for such a decision to be feasible. Then, Aragorn grinned unexpectedly, his lips unfurling to reveal large, white teeth. "You know, I have always wanted to see the Sea of Rhûn." Boromir grinned in response to this suggestion. Elphir's head bobbed up and down. Arwen smiled and so did Faramir, in spite of himself. More traveling . "Do you all think we could get there and back here in four days." "No," came the resounding response. "Well, we'll just have to make some calls, won't we, to let those at home know that we'll be back a bit late." -0-0-0- June 30, 3003 TA After three days of driving up and down winding roads at perilous speeds, we have reached the Sea of Rhûn. I have never been this far east before, had never thought I would want to be this far east, and never anticipated finding myself so far from home for any earthly reason. However, I find that I am not all that opposed to being here, or camping here for the next two days or so as Aragorn and my brother suggested we might. The Kine of Araw are supposed to graze on the shoes of the sea; we might see some while we're here. Even if we don't, the landscape is surprisingly beautiful. We've camped at the base of a mountain range that skirts the southwestern shore of the sea. Last night, everyone came out of the store at the filling station we'd stopped at with plastic bags in hand, but none of them would take what they'd bought from their bags. I wonder what— "Faramir!" Faramir, sitting on the ground by the van, looked up when he heard Elphir calling his name. Aragorn and Boromir, between them, had finally gotten a campfire going, the reflection of the flames rippling on the surface of the massive inland sea. "Come on!" Elphir called. "Or else we'll eat all your food!" Smiling slightly, Faramir set his journal down and went to join them.