no longer had any family apart from her brother, remarked almost wistfully upon the sort of relationship Faramir had with his large extended family, leading him to ask, uncharacteristically impulsively: Well, do you want to meet them? I think you are in lo-ove, Lothíriel had remarked, singsong. She and Faramir were alone in the kitchen. Her dark curls bobbed as she shook her head in response to her cousin's blank stare; though they were separated in age by more than fifteen years, Lothíriel had no problem speaking to him as though they were contemporaries. Don't give me such a face. You spent most of the day staring at her with a positively starry-eyed expression; I can't recall the last time you smiled so often, or so widely. It's a good look for you. Much better than the one you used to wear, neither of them said, but could both hear. I like her. Éowyn and Lothíriel had indeed gotten on very well, despite the fact that one was quite taciturn and the other a verified chatterbox. And her brother's very handsome too! Well, maybe he was in love. And what was wrong about that? Nothing. Faramir decided that he rather liked being in love. "I used to dream I could fly over this city, and out over the wilderness, to distant lands and far-off places." Éowyn's brow drew up and something in her faded slightly; perhaps it was the influence of the silver mist and the soft golden light, but she seemed to pale, a touch of some shadow falling over her. "I used to dream that I could go somewhere else and leave all my troubles behind like an old coat." She smiled ruefully, to herself. "I used to think it was that easy." Faramir grimaced, feeling the iron bridge they stood on rattle as an eighteen-wheeler passed beneath them. "If I dream of anything, it's of the great wave of Númenor." Éowyn stared up at him, almost incredulous. "Do you really?" He nodded. It was in the days when Boromir first went off to college ( I'm sorry, little brother; I wish you could come with me ) that Faramir first began to realize just how ill his father was. When he was still there, Boromir did all he could to shield Faramir from the worst of it, but once he was gone, Faramir was left alone with his father, and there was no one to turn him away from Denethor's ever-changing moods, his grim despair at the world around him. Faramir had better knowledge than most of just how ill Denethor had been, and still was. They had spoken of Númenor, one morning at the kitchen table at breakfast. Well, it was more that Denethor had spoken, and Faramir had occasionally punctuated his talk with questions. Of Númenor, all anyone ever seems to remember is its former greatness, and that it sank between the waves. No one remembers its infamy, its great heresy. They seek to whitewash its history, and when I hear others speak of it today, I despair. Ignorant fools, all of them! They remember that Númenor sank but choose to forget why ! Utter fools! No one would ever remember Denethor except as he was then, Faramir knew. When he went to visit him in the hospital, Faramir was able to tell how well or unwell his father was on each trip by how sarcastic he was, and how much he complained about small things. If he could find it in him to be sardonic, if he could find it in him to grouse, he was likely feeling well. That was how it had been before the fire as well, except that Denethor had been far less frequently well, and even on that morning, when he was caustic and irritated, he hadn't seemed well. There was some odd gleam in his eyes that had made Faramir eat quickly in order to be away from him. After the fire, Faramir dreamt of the great wave often, but as he would rather dream of that than fire, he was not as disconcerted over this as he could have been. "Today…" Faramir sighed and squeezed his eyes shut, and only opened them again when he felt Éowyn rub her thumb over his forefinger. "…Today, I do not know how many people believe Númenor to have ever truly existed, and how many believe it to be nothing more than a story. The idea that it will pass into myth grieves me greatly, for I fear that if we forget that Númenor was real, we shall share its fate. Sometimes, I feel as though the darkness that befell Númenor has fallen over us here." Or perhaps just over me, and you , he thought, but did not speak aloud. "Darkness like some great shadow, engulfing the land in night." Their eyes met. His heart began to hammer again, and he could feel her pulse beginning to race in her fingers. "But night can not last, and neither can shadow. No matter how vast it may be, no darkness can last forever. I believe that. I must believe that." The world seemed to hold its breath (Or maybe it was just them). They smiled at one another, not one first or last, but in unison, and though the world around them did not change, everything seemed brighter, clearer, to Faramir as though he had been viewing all through a grimy glass and someone had finally come to wipe it clean. Éowyn's smile brightened, widened, dancing in her eyes at last, and he was struck for the first and thousandth time with how beautiful she was. His sense of timing may or may not have been off, but at that moment, Faramir threw all caution to the winds, drew Éowyn into his arms and kissed her. Wrapped in each other's arms she laughed merrily, he smiled as though his heart would burst, and finally, the path seemed clear to them both.