skin there. The man could only gasp and arch his back a bit in the face of such ministrations, from both mouth and hands; the hand still in Gandalf's hair suddenly tugged, which caused the man to growl and say with heat "No need to get so rough. Yet." Saruman tried to form a reply but Gandalf's lips caught his before he could. He found his voice though, in the form of gasping words, when Gandalf began to move his hips. Saruman's automatic response was to buck in rhythm with him. The couch creaked with their movements, Gandalf hummed when he managed to get Saruman's top layers shoved upward a ways. Saruman couldn't help a shiver as his skin was exposed, not from the cold but from excitement. And from the pressure he felt upon his thigh with each of Gandalf's hip thrusts he could tell he was just as excited. Saruman continued his death grip upon Gandalf as he started a new bout of kissing, his tongue going on to continue exploring the new territory of the other man's mouth. It was when he felt a hand grip his hip and Gandalf's thumb rubbing at the skin just above the waistband of his pants did Saruman come back to himself. He tried to break the kiss he was currently engaged in but Gandalf's lips chased his, it wasn't until his third attempt did he succeed. With a gasp he said, "We-we need to get out of here." It was completely indecent. And somewhat uncomfortable for the couch was old and rather lumpy. "Yes, this would be much better if we continued someplace MUCH more comfortable. Like my bed. Shall we?" With surprising swiftness Gandalf rose and straitened himself a bit, sparing a moment to tug down his sweat shirt so it better covered his crotch area. Not that it did much good. Saruman just laid where he was, face hot and breathe short. His mind reeling at Gandalf's words. "Continued? Bed?" Gandalf looked at him and gave him a grin that was just sinful . "Why of course. As fun as this was, I'd much prefer the comfort and quiet of my home. Radagast is gone until sometime at the close of the weekend, so we can go there and be confident at not being interrupted . Or heard ." Saruman felt coils of arousal settle within him at Gandalf's words, more so when he realized Gandalf was raking his eyes over his splayed form. A smirk upon his face. Saruman cleared his throat and sat up, ignoring the slightly swishing world around him, he quickly tugged down his clothes and smoothed his hair. It hadn't really escaped the braid he had put it in but he knew his hair was tellingly mussed. Gandalf just let his lay in disarray around his face. "I-I actually think I will just go home. T-this won't- I-I just can't." With that he quickly got up and managed two steps before stumbling, Gandalf quickly caught him. Seemed he still had some of that alcohol in his system. Gandalf didn't relinquish his hold when Saruman righted himself, he instead pulled the other man to him and enveloped him tightly in his arms. Gandalf then brought up a hand and gripped Saruman's chin before placing a chaste yet still heated kiss upon his lips. When they separated he still didn't let go, forcing Saruman to look him in the eye. "I let you slip away once, I'm not going to do it again. Come on Curunír, I think we've both waited long enough. Don't you?" "…You haven't called me that in a long time. Olórin." He then went silent and for a few moments there was no sound but that of their breathing as they continued to stare at one another. Finally Saruman said, "Very well. Take me to bed, and there better be tea in the morning." "Of course!" Gandalf laughed and gave Saruman a quick kiss before walking them both out of the room and down toward the front of the school, past the now silent teacher's lounge. Saruman struggled a bit, but he could not escape the grip Gandalf had upon him. With pink tinted cheeks he said "I can walk by myself." "Not really, you can't. Besides holding you is much more fun." With a twinkle in his eye Gandalf moved the hand that was on Saruman's waist to his butt and gave a firm squeeze. Saruman couldn't help the surprised yelp he let out and tried wiggling out of Gandalf's hands once more. It was to no avail though, Saruman couldn't escape until they reached Gandalf's car. And then it was only to the shelter of Gandalf's passenger seat. Neither noticed the other car still in the parking lot. The occupant, Mrs. Lorien smoking a very rare cigarette, watched their continued antics until they drove away. With a smile she finished the last of the cigarette before starting the car and heading home to enjoy her own Valentine's Day and the weekend. Radagast owed her some lunch, come Monday. The grey-headed Love bird is a real bird that mates for life and is popular for a pet, all other details about it though are fictional. I imagine it as a much bigger bird than it is in reality. Radagast clothes are based off of what his actor wore for when he was THE DOCTOR. Yes, I totally made their Valentine's a Friday. huehuehue This was supposed to be a "saruman gets drunk and then gets to tap Gandalf and be on top" fic but it turned into one where Gandalf stays on top and I have to say I like it all the same. If not more now. hahahaha Saruman's comments about Gandalf's other "suitors" are based of this post I found on tumblr. I find it hilarious. post/76369630969/davidtcnnant-search-the-castle#disqus_thread And no, I don't have one. I just stalk a few feeds. Anyway, see you around. *flies away into the night*