cannot be more than we are, and I love you for moving past that. I love you for the love of the world I see in your eyes when you watch the flowers bloom. I love you for the pain I see in your eyes when you return from the family you are somewhat estranged from—and I love you for not blaming me, when you might well have done. I love you for your brashness, for your arrogance, for the gentleness and quiet the years have given you in greater measure than those first two, which yet remain. I love you for your insistence we eat proper meals while I'm here, when I would absently forget. I love you for your love of the bow, your love of the blades. I love you for the awe in which you hold my hard-earned skills. I love you for not noticing the way the forest has darkened. I love you for holding me as if I am the only thing real in the world. I love you for trusting me, for believing in me and what I feel for you, though you've long known it is not the same as your own feelings for me. I love you for being able to fool yourself in that matter, and yet able to accept it. Finally, I love you for being mortal, for you have taught me more than I would ever be able to teach you." "You do not love me as a lover." "Not as a man would," he agreed, and she finally felt a flicker of the pain she'd expected at first. "But you would not have understood that I loved you, had we never become lovers. I could have said the words, and you wouldn't have believed them. You would have married someone in the village, and looked back at me with only some regret." She looked out the open door at the rain, and considered his words. He was, of course, right. Had he never touched her beyond instructing her in archery, she would have moved on, would have never loved him as she did. Would that have been better? She snorted softly when she considered asking him—he'd anticipated that request, and had already answered it. She would have looked back with only some regret. But some regret was more than she felt now. She loved him, and she would never understand him. That day, she had given up on worrying about it, had simply leaned against him and let it all go. He loved her, and though it was with a love she could not fathom, it was enough. Now, she was truly dying. Age had caught up entirely, and was seeping life at an alarming rate. He hadn't been there, but a niece from town had come to visit. She was the only one who visited, and upon seeing the illness of age eating at her will, had quickly fetched a healer and much of her family. She had wondered, at times, if he would come and go no farther upon seeing the house they had shared overrun with strangers. Most of the time, though, her thoughts were too disjointed, trying to piece together what everyone was saying, as they all spoke softly and seemingly at once. But he stepped into the room, as they berated her for never having a family, for moving away from them. He stepped into the room. As she stepped out. He stood silently, absorbing the pain and shock of that moment, even as the old man sitting beside her checked her for signs of life. He knew she was gone. He had felt her leave. Still, he stepped forward, moving silently among humans who had not known of his existence. He sat beside her and tucked the dark flower he'd picked on his way into a gentle wave of white hair, then gently stroked her cheek. He leaned over her, and took a kiss from still warm lips, before whispering words of prayer he doubted would do any good. She would be at peace, wherever it was that humans went. He had made sure of that. He got to his feet and reached behind the bedside table, pulling his spare bow and quiver from its traditional resting spot. He placed them upon his back, and then drew his dagger from the place between mattress and headboard, fastening it quickly to his belt. He glanced swiftly around, but the remaining traces of him would be alright if left to human hands. He paused to touch her hand once more, and let his eyes close for an instant. "Goodbye, love," he whispered, before walking from the room. He was not unaware of the humans there, but he did not care for them. All he had cared about was the woman he had loved for many years, and more deeply than she had been able to understand. He had known her thoughts in her eyes. He could have told her what she was thinking even when she would not admit those thoughts to herself. She thought she loved him more than he loved her, merely because he admitted, in a way, that were she an elf, they would not have been lovers. She didn't understand that given time—a few centuries, maybe more—that then, they would have been more than lovers. They would have been mates. He had long known that simple, damning fact. Given time, they would have been so much. Given time, they would have been so close. Given time… Time that her mortality had forbade them. He had kept himself a bit more apart, knowing that. It was only that slight distance that he had kept which allowed him to refrain from loving her too deeply. Finding one's future mate usually allowed for a quick jump into the relationship. It would have killed him. If only they had had the time that now loomed emptily before him. They would have been mates.