you do, Ruhin, do not doubt yourself." "My humblest thanks, my lord," Ruhin said with a small smile. Legolas, however, no longer was listening to the healer. His mind was elsewhere – on an odd tightness that had spread in his chest. His eyes began to darken, and when the Elf looked towards Ruhin, his alarm increased when he saw that the healer's face appeared to him as if through a sudden fog. "Ruhin," he said faintly, unable to draw in a full breath. Ruhin turned. "My lord?" "No," Legolas murmured, "No, no – I cannot breathe." "My lord?" Ruhin repeated in alarm, reaching out to grab the Elf's arm. "Are you wounded?" "No!" Legolas gasped when agony lanced through his chest. A cold sweat had broken out over his brow. He felt light-headed, and fevered, and chilled all at once. "I do not understand; my chest will not–" He placed a hand there. "My legs are numb, and my... my arm burns." Ruhin tried to guide Legolas towards an empty bed. "You must sit and let me look–" "The King," Legolas whispered roughly, grabbing the Man's arms to resist being moved. "Call for him." Ruhin did not hesitate to comply. "My lord! Elessar !" Aragorn turned in surprise at the urgency in Ruhin's voice. As soon as his eyes took in the sight of Legolas slumped almost lifelessly against the healer, the King stood from the bed and ran to their side. "Legolas! What–" "He says that he cannot breathe, my lord," Ruhin said urgently. Legolas reached out and with a strength that belied his state he grabbed Aragorn's shoulders, meeting his eyes. But he could not conjur his voice; his lack of breath allowed him only to utter, "I cannot..." When Legolas' knees buckled, Aragorn took ahold of his hands and pulled the tall Elf close to steady him. "Legolas, sidh, mellon nin ," he murmured. His mind worked furiously to remember any illness that might be the cause of the sudden symptoms – any wound that the Prince might have mentioned. "Legolas, you must breathe more slowly." He pressed a hand against Legolas' chest, and it was a mere moment before the Elf's jerky breaths calmed slightly. "Good, very good." "There was a man in the courtyard," Legolas breathed, his body relaxing. The black spots dancing in his eyes had begun to expand. "He knew that Arwen was to be shot. He told... he stopped me..." "Legolas, who?" Aragorn asked fearfully. "Who do you speak of?" "I know him not," Legolas' reply was faint. Alarmed at the way the Elf sounded – as if he were fading – Aragorn gave the Elf a firm shake. "I am tired, Elessar," Legolas muttered. "Take me to a room." "You are in the House of Healing, Legolas, do you not remember? You cannot sleep. Legolas, listen to me. You may not sleep." Aragorn turned Legolas' face towards him. When he saw that the Elf's eyes were closed, he slapped Legolas' cheek and hazy blue eyes opened again, meeting frightened grey. "Stay awake," the Man demanded. Legolas sighed. "Please, let me rest," he murmured. "I am weary." "No, my friend." Aragorn turned a glance on Ruhin, but the healer shook his head helplessly. "Speak to me, Wood Elf," the King said, the playful jest in his voice weakened by the fear that accompanied it. "Your mind is much stronger than this. You may even sing; but you cannot sleep. Tell me what you saw in the courtyard." " Goeheno nin ," Legolas whispered. "The arrow was... an omen. I am sorry, Aragorn; the fault is mine. I am sorry..." Sighing, Legolas finally turned to the darkness clawing at him and fell into the blissful oblivion of unconsciousness, his form falling limp in Aragorn's arms. The unprepared King nearly dropped him, a cry of horror tearing from his lips as he was pulled to his knees by the Elf's weight as well. "No! Legolas !" ~.~.~ "Elladan." Elladan Peredhil turned at the sound of his name. His brother, Elrohir, had silently approached him where he stood at the balcony railing in an empty study of his home, musing. For several days there had been an odd darkness tingeing Elladan's thoughts, though the son of Elrond had no knowledge of why he had recently felt like something concerning him had gone terribly wrong. For quite awhile he and his brother and Elrond had resided peacefully in Rivendell after returning there from Gondor after Aragorn was crowned King. Though the Elves of Middle-earth – therefore some of those in Rivendell – were still diminishing to pass into Valinor, it seemed that with the fall of Sauron there was a new lightness and joy that had settled over the Firstborn that remained in The Last Homely House. More feasting, more singing, more dancing. Yet the forebodence had taken hold of Elladan's heart despite all of this. He was not as clear in his foresight as his father, but he knew when something had gone terribly wrong that should not have. He just did not know what it was. Sighing, Elladan turned away from the serene view of the valley and smiled at his brother. "Yes, Elrohir?" Elrohir stopped several paces away, his arms stiff at his sides. "A message has arrived," he said quietly. "From Gondor." "How fares Estel?" Elladan asked, but then he paused. Narrowing his eyes, he studied his brother and started walking towards him slowly, asking, "Elrohir, what is wrong?" Elrohir's ageless eyes filled with tears. "Arwen." Stopping abruptly, Elladan tried to ignore when his heart skipped several beats. "What happened?" "Elladan..." Elrohir's voice broke and he bowed his head, reaching out to place a hand on his brother's shoulder. "We are losing her. We ride as soon as Father is ready." ~.~.~ TBC . I'm not going to beg, but I would really love a review, either to tell me what was good or what was bad. All feedback is appreciated!