it seemed, until all hope had failed them. How could he be a king among men, bring light to the darkness, when he couldn't even find a glimmer of it for himself? "Aragorn," Legolas murmured. "They are frightened. I can see it in their eyes." So could he, but he tried to soothe the elf, feeling foolish for even trying as Legolas's eyes flashed in anger. "They are going to die!" "Then I shall die as one of them!" he snapped back, storming from the room. The fire brought by anger the elf had initiated dwindled, until he looked around at these people, and understood—for the first time—that as long as there was life, there was hope. Legolas stepped to his side when he went to the wall to search the night, his silver eyes distant, searching for the night. "We have a few hours yet. Their torches are but faded hints." Aragorn stared at him in shock, wondering what had happened to the angry elf he had only twice known… until he saw a faint blue sparkle in his friend's eyes. Closing his own, he almost smiled. "Thank you, Legolas." The elf inclined his head slightly, the hint of humor escaping him as he studied the approaching masses once more. He sighed. "It shall be a long night," he murmured quietly. Looking at him, Aragorn wondered how he had ever thought that Legolas would admit despair in such a situation. He doubted in truth if Legolas would waver if he were alone in this battle, instead of the sole representative of his race. The being before him, though youthful in appearance, had long lived a demanding life, which had shaped him to be stoic, efficient, as quick as lightning as even more deadly, and often times cold. He would never admit defeat against such darkness as approached them, even in his last breath, and he could take comfort in that. Aragorn took a deep breath. "Again you make me wish your blood in me was stronger," he murmured. "Nay, Aragorn," Legolas denied, his eyes hardening at something he saw. "For then this night would send such a youth to his knees in terror. Immortal lives when lost are always cut far too short—many of those lost tonight shall be shortened but a handful of seasons, and they have no doubt long since made their peace with that. It is the children who become adults tonight…" he trailed off. "They shall be somewhat as we are, my friend, if they live." Aragorn swallowed, and slowly nodded. They would have grow up too early in such a way that only others who had endured a similar fate could ever begin to understand the burden such really was. "There are worse fates," he murmured. Silver eyes met his. "Yes. Few," he tilted his head slightly to the side, "but worse." "Many would say you are an incredible being." "Many," Legolas agreed, "but you were right in those years past—no one truly knows me. I shall leave behind tales of my participation in wars, of my title, perhaps… but what of friends? A few mortals who chose to take a suicidal mission in the perhaps vain thought they could save the world?" He smiled bitterly, his eyes growing even more distant. "I have thought on her words, Aragorn. I welcome them—whether death or such a change I can escape this endless cycle I am held in." Aragorn bowed his head, but slowly nodded. "It has always been worse for you, than for me…" "Yet you saw what the others did not." "And you have always seen right through me, from the first day." Aragorn sighed, looking out at the approaching darkness, where he could see the faintest glimmer of light from time to time. "And no doubt will to my last." Legolas sighed, and for the first time Aragorn saw fear in the elf's eyes. He placed his hand on the elf's shoulder, tightening his hold for an instant as the elf straightened, starting to stiffen before relaxing. "In time," he promised. Legolas smiled faintly, sorrow in his eyes rather too visibly. "Perhaps," he agreed. "If I live through this war, and am able to go to the Undying Lands… but as long as I am able, it shall not be while you yet live." "And what of Gimli?" Aragorn asked, a bit amused to hear the dwarf boasting somewhere with some of the soldiers of his own height. "Ah, the dwarf," Legolas murmured, the faintest smile touching his lips. "A friend there, as well? Perhaps things shall grow better for you." "A mortal friend will die, no matter of what race," Legolas reminded him quietly, before his eyes lost some of their icy hardness. "I suppose I can hope." "Then we have learned something from each other?" Aragorn asked, smiling quietly. Legolas actually laughed at that, the first true laugh Aragorn had ever known, though it was still tinged with everything which burdened his friend. "I suppose we have, Estel," he agreed. Then his eyes fell on the approaching masses, and he shook his head. "We have some cleaning to do first. The world must be purged of this darkness, if it is to hold the light we carry." Aragorn smiled, bowing his head slightly to his friend before moving away for some last minute discussion with the king. In years to come, no doubt, they would laugh out loud at themselves for discussing such things when they were facing almost certain death, but now it seemed normal for them to wish their friend be well without them, should the other find himself once again alone in a world that could never really understand the burden they had been given at birth, and would probably—despite their half-hearted wishes to the contrary—always carry, always alone… for though there could be those to call friend, to laugh with and share moments, no one could ever truly understand, ever really know them. Not even themselves.