at the floor of his room. A small puddle started to form in front of him. He closed his eyes and let the tears flow freely; he hasn't let himself cry over Arwen and Hadrin until now and he knew that he had to get it out of his system. When he opened his eyes a few minutes later, he could see his reflection in the small pool of tears. His eyes were red and puffy, and there were wet streaks all over his cheeks and chin. Why did his life have to be such a mess? No, not a mess, a disaster. The only woman he had ever loved was about to marry his brother and there really wasn't much he could do about it. The wedding was the day after tomorrow. A thought occurred to Legolas. There wasn't much he could do but there was a whole lot Arwen could do. ..::.. Legolas stood in front of Arwen's door, knocking quickly. He didn't want anyone to see him in front of her door this late at night. After a few seconds of knocking Legolas paused, he heard the patter of feet walking on carpet towards the door. The door opened and Legolas swiftly placed his hands on either side of Arwen's face and kissed her. Arwen was taken aback by Legolas and she stood motionless. When she regained her composure she started to kiss him back, her hands drifted up to his chest. She opened her eyes for just a split second and realized that they were standing in her doorway. She managed to maneuver Legolas and herself into her room and shut the door. It had been so long since she had touched him and all she wanted was to have his arms wrapped around her and to lean against his strong body; but hesitantly, she pulled away from him. "What are you doing?" she asked breathlessly. "Seeing if you felt the same the way I do." "We can't do this. I'm getting married tomorrow." "But you don't have to." "Yes, I do. It's what my mother would want." "I don't think so," he said. "I think she would want you to be happy and to be with whoever you wanted." "And I want to be with Hadrin," Arwen lied. "No, you don't. I can see it in your eyes. You don't love him." Legolas watched her. "You love me." Arwen looked away from Legolas, she couldn't look at him right now. Legolas placed a hand under her chin and lifted her face to look up at him. "And I love you." He whispered. Her eyes rose to his and he saw the sparkle in them once again. Legolas leaned down and gently kissed her lips. Arwen closed her eyes. When they parted Arwen said, "I've missed you." Legolas wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in close to him. Her head rested against his collarbone and he could feel her breath on his neck. "What can we do?" "We leave, right now, while everyone is sleeping. They won't know we're gone until it's too late to catch us." "But where would we go?" "Edoras." "To see your mortal friend?" "You remember me telling you about her?" Legolas asked, surprised that she remembered. "Of course I do." "I have two horses ready in the stables and I packed enough food and provisions for us until we get to Edoras." Legolas held her at arm's length. "Do you love me enough to do this?" he asked. "Help me pack," Arwen said. Legolas smiled and pulled her in for another kiss. ..::.. A figure watched Arwen and Legolas from above. He watched then run to the stables and climb onto their horses. And finally he watched him kiss her then both of them smile. Somewhere deep inside of him he had known it all along. It was obvious that Arwen didn't love him. It was also obvious that Legolas had been suffering from a broken heart for the past year. But he hadn't quite put the two together. While Hadrin did love Arwen, he more or less loved her like a sister, not a lover. He smiled as he saw Arwen glance over to his brother. She belonged with Legolas, not him. He would be happy for them, no matter what. "Be free little brother," Hadrin said as Legolas and Arwen silently left the palace grounds. "Be free." ..::.. Legolas and Arwen stopped when they reached the river. They had been riding for a little over two hours but it was already late when they left Mirkwood so they were tired. They had decided that it was safe for them to have a fire and then fell asleep under the stars in each other's arms. Legolas smiled, it felt good to hold her again, to feel her warm body next to his and know that tomorrow when he woke up she would still be with him. ..::.. "What do you mean by missing?" Elrond said, aggravated. Arwen's handmaiden stood in front of Elrond, she nervously played with the edge of her apron. "Well…Um…I went to her room this morning to wake her and…she wasn't there." She managed to stammer out. "Did you search the palace?" he asked impatiently. "Yes, Lord Elrond," she said quietly. "I also asked Hadrin if he had seen her." "And what did he say?" "He said that he hasn't seen her since last night." Elrond face was red with anger. "There is one other thing, Lord Elrond." The girl said quietly. "And what might that be?" he yelled. "Prince Legolas is also missing." Elrond's eyes bulged and his face turned various shades of red. "Get out!" he shouted. "Get out of my sight! Go and tell the King of this, you can be the bearer of this news! And tell my sons I need to speak with them now!" The serving girl scurried away, not wanting to be in Lord Elrond's presence any longer.