sun rose over the red-stained field, in the ash and the soot and the carpet of fallen soldiers… we could not distinguish among the dead. They were all men, Legolas. All the differences that had come to drawn swords and bloodshed amounted to naught but a single grave. I kept this," his hand lazily gestured to indicate the faded burn, "so that I would never forget the cost of a war between men. Each time Dunland and Rohan redraw their maps it is the same while the one true victor laughs on his throne in Barad-dûr." Aragorn fell silent then, his eyes drawn like moths back to the flames of their fragile campfire and the ghosts of his past that drifted on the smoke. Legolas had the ability to draw the truth from him like poison regardless of intentions. Yet the pain of its telling exhausted him, and he would speak no more. "And, the other scars?" Legolas hedged after the silence had settled thickly around them. His voice was soft, almost pleading, as his need to know outpaced his fear of the answers. "Are they also souvenirs?" It seemed that Estel would not answer him, but then finally he spoke. "It is not an easy thing, killing your own kind," he said at last, his tone so matter-of-fact that it set Legolas reeling, but — heedless — Estel spoke on. "Orcs do it to settle their disputes and feel no remorse at the deed." And only then did Estel turn to face him, and the Prince stifled a gasp at the pained desperation he saw in the ranger's eyes. "I would not be an orc, Legolas. I will not dismiss the men's lives I've taken. I will not forget that my hands spilled their blood. These scars, they remind me that I am human still — that I have not become that which we fight so hard against." Legolas was rendered speechless for the second time that night. As an elf of the third age, he had no scale with which to measure himself against his friend's anguish. For so long he had seen Estel unable to match the measure of an elf, and now, for the first time, the Prince found that he could not match the measure of a man. A terrible weight seemed to have settled on Estel's shoulders, as though his spirit had bowed low under the punishing weight of all those scars. Completely at a loss, the Prince simply reached out and laid a comforting hand on his friend's shoulder. "You are my brother," Legolas said at last, his voice soft with emotion. "Nothing will ever change that." The memories behind those scars was a burden on Estel's soul that he could not change. All he had to offer was himself, and he counted no cost. Legolas watched the oddly poignant sight that was his heart's brother tentatively reaching out and finding comfort in those words. As the declaration settled Estel's features slowly softened into a weak smile, his hand reaching up to grasp the one that still sat atop his shoulder. "And you are mine," he returned, paying truth for truth. Legolas withdrew his hand from his friend's grasp and draped that arm across the man's shoulders. Estel shifted to lean into the embrace and Legolas, moved by an impetus he could not name, let his sense of self stretch out in the manner of one elf towards another, until his fëa found Estel's own adan spirit, felt the disbelieving awe and humbled reverence with which his friend accepted such a gift — for indeed, a gift it was. Never before had Legolas offered himself so. "Sleep, Estel," Legolas directed, and once again his voice carried the weight of years and the authority of the older brother, though this time he knew that Estel did not mind. "I will keep the watch this night." The Prince did not need to speak more; his meaning was clearly felt. Here, by the glow of a forgotten fire, Legolas had placed himself as sentry over Estel's dreams. The nightmares which would have returned on the thundering heels of memory would not reach Estel tonight. "Hannon le," he murmured, the lure of untroubled rest already drooping his eyelids. Legolas merely smiled softly, and as he shifted his grip on the man to offer his friend as much comfort as possible his eyes drifted heavenwards. The Gil-Estel burned brightly overhead — brighter than it had ever been in recent memory — and the smile broadened. " Hannon le ," he echoed, his words meant for Eärendil himself, for the man in his arms was the scion of the Mariner and of them both, it had been the mortal that first gave Legolas the gift of hope. He would cherish it always. The Gil-Estel twinkled brilliantly for a moment before continuing it journey. Legolas's smile bubbled briefly into a laugh before he dropped his gaze and returned his attention to the night. He had a watch to keep. Translations and such: Malta ja alka hila val súli : As Umbar had been sundered from Gondor for something like 1280 years at the time of Thorongil's travels, it is reasonable to assume then that their language followed suit. Hence I've given them something of a pidgin Quenya, with words borrowed from Finnish (one of Tolkien's inspiration languages) to fill the gaps and preserve the syntax. The translation follows: Malta (Q: gold) ja (F: and) alka (from 'alkar' Q: glory) hila (Q: follow) val (from 'vaalea' F: fair) súli (Q: winds). Elleth : female elf. Mellonin : a compound word formed from 'mellon' (friend) and 'nin' (mine/of me). This formulation is pure fanon. Adan : man Fëa : the Elven soul Hannon le : thank you Manwë's breath : As Manwë is said to be the 'Lord of the Breath of Arda' I thought a variant would fit as an Elven curse, akin to 'God's teeth,' or something of that ilk.