Valinor, and I rejoice for you; no matter what it may look like now. I did not come to beg you to stay. I only wanted to thank you, for everything that you have done for me, and... I needed to say goodbye." "You are not making this any easier, Aragorn," Legolas whispered and the Man managed to crack a smile through his tears, squeezing his fingers. "I know. This is not something that can be easy. But how could Iluvitar ever hope to keep one of his children from the place he belongs? Many goodbyes are sacrifices, but good ones. I simply would not be able to sleep knowing that I lost you so suddenly, without letting you know how much you've meant to me for my entire life. Without that goodbye." Legolas shook his head, dropping his eyes resolutely to the sand. "I'm sorry," he murmured. "But I must go, Estel. I must." "I know," was Aragorn's quiet answer. Legolas looked up into his eyes once more. In them he read the opposite of what the Man had bravely managed to say. 'Please, Legolas, please understand. I cannot see my life without you. It will not be easy to let you go so soon. This goodbye is something I've never wanted.' Something in that gaze brought the Elf up short. As he knelt with his dearest friend, for some reason... he could not quite remember why he had chosen to sail. How could he leave this? Here was a friend who had ridden from Gondor to the Havens, only to bid him joy on his journey – that would separate them. A Man who was willing to shove his own anguish to the back of his mind so that he may be able to smile for his friend one last time. One last time. It was abrupt. But suddenly 'one last time' was not enough. The Elf's jaw clenched, and his gaze hardened with intent. He was not going to destroy both he and his companion simply because he was in pain. It was there – on the shore of the Sea – that Legolas realized that the pain of leaving would be much greater than the pain of staying. There was no Estel in Valinor. Yes, the Elvenhome was a place of beauty and tranquility, but it was not the joy he wished for now. The company of his brother of heart; of his friends here ; was more than enough. "Legolas?" The soft, tentative voice broke into his thoughts and Legolas came out of his reverie, once more focusing on the Man in front of him. Aragorn had still not released his hands and was staring at him, almost fearfully. An immediate smile touched the Prince's face and the King nearly face faulted in shock at the abrupt peace that replaced the agony in his friend's features. "Legolas, what on Arda-?" "Oh, Estel, I was so wrong," Legolas said softly as he pulled Aragorn's hands against his chest, sparkling blue eyes locked on stunned silver. "I should have known. How could I have even considered leaving?" "Legolas, you were ever meant to sail," the King managed to stutter and the Elf smiled, shaking his head. "That may be so," he replied, a slow, amazed smile spreading along his lips. "But not yet. I will have countless ages to spend in Valinor. Yet I only have this time with you; with all of you – here and now; and it will never be enough. I shall from now on treasure what time I have left." Aragorn was unable to respond. Drawing in a deep breath, he gazed at his friend and felt his heart abruptly lighten, as if a weight had been lifted. Legolas was not leaving. Not yet. Four simple words - four simple words that may have held the world. Despite himself, the King smiled, and his smile was so bright that the Elf Prince laughed and wrapped his arms around his friend. Aragorn returned the fierce embrace, his heart and soul reassured by the firm weight of his friend against his chest. " Le hannon ," he murmured. Several yards away, watching from the rail of the ship, Gimli could not contain the laugh that bubbled from within at the sight of the two friends. He turned, shaking his head in fond exasperation, and began stride to unready the ship for sail. It would not be needed for quite some time. "I'm glad I came," Aragorn murmured and Legolas smiled, resting his cheek on the dark head. "Me too, Estel. And I am sorry for thinking that I could-" "Stop apologizing," the Man chided, giving the Prince a gentle squeeze. "There was no wrong in your heart. There was only the call of your kin." "'Tis no excuse-" "Legolas!" the muffled groan was exasperated and said Elf chuckled. "Do not ruin the beauty of the moment, prissy prince. Just hush." "You have already resorted to mocking me again?" "Hush." Smiling, Legolas released him and sat back on his heels. Aragorn glanced at him from the corner of his eyes, a grin spreading across his own face as he dropped an arm on the Elf's shoulder, leaning against him. A warm silence fell over them for several moments, in which they could hear the gentle rustling of the waves, and a faint tune that Gimli hummed to himself upon the vessel. "Aragorn?" Legolas' soft whisper did not break the serenity of their surroundings. The Man turned his head, but the Elf kept his eyes fixed on the waves, the sinking sun reflected off of their ageless depths. "Yes?" It was quiet for a moment. When one last gull gave a low cry overhead, Legolas watched the bird dip towards the waves before turning to his friend. His smile outshone the sun. "Happy birthday, my dearest friend." fin. † : Galadriel's warning to Legolas in "The Lord of the Rings – The Fellowship of the Ring"