arms around him, he was caught completely off guard. "Oh Eómer, that's wonderful!" she exclaimed joyfully, enthusiasm lending an almost painful strength to her embrace Eómer didn't immediately catch the enthusiasm. "Brother, why so gloomy? You've just told me you're in love, but you certainly don't look it. Loving the woman you feel duty-bound to marry is nothing to be ashamed of, you know," Eowyn teased. Eómer's eyes darted uncertainly to hers. "But Eowyn, we have only just met, why on Arda would she love me ?" Eowyn's voice rang with certainly, "Because you're my brother, and no woman in her right senses could help but fall in love with you. Besides, you're going to woo her." Eómer shook his head, doubt still clinging to him. "I just don't deserve her, you said yourself I was the least romantic man you know. How…?" He left the question hanging. "Forget that I said that." She put her hands on his shoulders and looked him straight in the eye. "You are going to sweep the Princess off her feet." Eómer looked slightly unnerved at her last statement, but none-the-less hope began to burn brightly within him with new determination. -o0o- When he saw here, leaning there against the garden wall, he felt his courage flee him. Eómer refused to leave, but at the same time it felt physically impossible to get any closer. Don't be an idiot, Eómer, you're just here to make polite conversation. It's not like you're proposing to her…Yet. He forced his legs to move. He'd admitted to himself, and Eowyn, the fact that he really did love the Princess of Dol Amroth, and the prospect of confronting her with that mind-set terrified him. But his sister had pushed him out the door, and he couldn't very well go back to her without having at least talked to Lothíriel. Eowyn would just push him right back out again. He took a deep breath, and walked boldly forward. Lothíriel looked up at his approach, and to his joy—and increased nervousness—she smiled brightly at him. She looked just as happy to see him as she had yesterday, though why he still couldn't see. Last night, he'd been brisk with her, even rude, leaving like that. He felt like such a blundering lout, and she… She was everything that he wasn't: refined, gentle, graceful, and elegant. Eowyn had told him not to mind any of that. She had told him, eyes twinkling with amusement, that Lothíriel might not find him so very unattractive. "Good morning, Lord Eómer." Eómer inclined his head in greeting. "My Lady." He cleared his throat. "I apologize for last night, leaving you so suddenly. Something came up and…well, I…" "No need to apologize, I know exactly how it can be. Eru knows my father has had to run out on me enough times…" Her continuing smile belied any bitterness. "Kings and leaders have responsibilities. I suppose it's their duty, their purpose in life, whether they want it to be or not." "And what is your purpose in life, my Lady?" Eómer immediately felt foolish asking the question, but she'd looked so wistful, he wished he could know what she was thinking. She looked surprised, but not unpleasantly so. Lothíriel's thoughts had been far back, on all the times her father had turned grim under his responsibilities. Those had been the times she'd taken it as her mission to cheer him up. It had always worked, both when she was a child, and now that she was grown. She'd always known how to make him smile again. Now, she looked at this somber Rohirrim lord, seeing in his eyes the pain of loss for loved ones, as well as the weight of so many duties, and her heart went out to him. "Right now…" At first, the words came hesitantly, then with a smile, she said resolutely, not caring how foolish it sounded, "Right now, Lord Eómer, my purpose is to make you smile." And so the romance truly began. Eómer did begin to woo Lothíriel in his own manner, and to his wonder she didn't seem to look at him as the clumsy oaf he knew he was. The romance was much whispered and wondered over in the court of Meduseld. How had it ever happened? Despite the many declarations otherwise from women who knew better, most of the men who knew Eómer's gruff and eminently practical nature had sworn secretly that he would never truly win a woman's love, even if a marriage of convenience were arranged. But there was no denying that the Princess Lothíriel and Eómer-King were in love. One by one, those who claimed that Lothíriel and Eómer would never be able to keep up a show of affection for each other were finally quieted. After the engagement was announced, some still clung to the belief that they were both simply performing an act, for the better of both countries. Although they might go through with it, it was all out of duty, nothing more. Everyone knew they were both devoted to serving their people at any cost. But when the wedding came, there were no more knowing glances or whispers. The bride and groom were fairly glowing as they said the vows. Lothíriel looked radiant. And as the customary exchange of words was finished, the smile that lit up the King's face was genuine and filled with a happiness that erased any further doubt. Apparently, for the King of Rohan at any rate, duty and love did not have to be mutually exclusive. The End Please let me know what you think! Constructive comments and critisism very welcome. Just please be nice - writing romance is a very new experience for me. -flinches- Note on review responses: PLEASE either sign in or leave an e-mail address if you'd like a response! I'll be gone for two weeks on vacation, but when I get backI'llrespond to everyone as soon as I get a chance:-)