to rule Gondor now, and for many years to come. I am no healer, Aragorn, but it doesn't take a healer to see why you're exhausted. Anyone with a newborn child and a country to rule could very well become so." "But I've—" Legolas ignored him. "And of course you're older. Your options are to either grow older, or die. Since you have not done the latter, you must continue to do the former. But it is not as if you have one foot in the grave. Your old wounds ache, and the weather isn't helping, and on top of all that I've already mentioned I can state with some confidence say you are sick." "I am aware of how it feels to be ill." "And to be sleep-deprived—for more than one night in a row, I suppose." "Well…" Aragorn tired to think back, but the nights of sleeplessness seemed to blur together. "Yes, I suppose I have been recently." "And I also suppose you're kept quite occupied for most of the day as well?" "Of course." Legolas nodded, a very sage and Mithrandir-like expression of consideration on his face. "I wouldn't be surprised if you regularly forgot to eat, either." A retort to the contrary was on the tip of his tongue, but then Aragorn realized that he had indeed forgotten the noon meal that day. He had told the servants not to bring him anything, as he would be going to his own quarters to eat with Arwen, but one thing after came up, until he'd forgotten it entirely. In the evenings, although he always welcomed dinner as marking the end of difficult days, he often felt too tired to eat much. He merely sighed in response. "Perhaps the change has been subtle, and Arwen hasn't noticed it quite as much as I do now—though she has noticed, I assure you—but you are changed, and not in the way you seem to believe. You look far too gaunt, and pale, and tired. More than old, you look worn out. I'd be surprised if you didn't feel old, considering how you look, and how you've obviously been driving yourself to do more than even a young human would be capable of." "Indeed? More than even a young human would be capable of?" "I think many wouldn't have lasted as long as you have, reckless adan ," Legolas reprimanded fondly. "It is a good thing you have a wife, and friends, or you would work yourself to death long before you ever have a chance of dying of old age." "I want to believe you, Legolas." "Good. Then believe me." Before Aragorn could reply, an interruption came in the form of a servant girl at the door. "Excuse me, my Lords, but the Lady Arwen asked me to bring this for you." Legolas motioned for her to set the tray down on a nearby table. "Thank you." She curtsied and left. Aragorn raised an eyebrow at the smile on Legolas' face as he presented one of the steaming mugs to him. "If you're trying to trick me into drinking a sleeping draft, this is rather…obvious, isn't it?" "No sleeping draft, Aragorn, I promise you. It is a gift from Elladan and Elrohir." Aragorn's eyebrow raised further, but accepted to mug and inhaled some of the steam curiously. "It smells familiar." "It should. Elrond made it for you often." Aragorn recognized it now, and smiled broadly. "I remember. Every time I'd show any signs of becoming ill he'd make it for me. When I was younger, especially, I remember the twins urging me to drink it several times a day. They were always worrying like that, being over-cautious when they weren't certain about what was normal for human children…" He took a drink of the tea, savoring the well-known taste. Elrond had always made it with plenty of honey, and it was sweet and hot, with only a slight bitter after-taste from a few of the herbs. "I have missed this. These herbs never would grow well here, no matter how many times I've tried." "I have a second present for you, mellon-nin. I hereby offer my full, and capable, services, to aid you in caring for young Prince Eldarion. I will stay up with him all night and watch him all day if need be, only drawing the line where it comes to cleaning up certain…messes." Aragorn laughed. "True friendship indeed. Thank you." They sat in silence. Not of the hesitant kind, full of unspoken words just on the verge of being said, but still in need of sorting out by their speakers. It was the best kind of silence. The kind mutually settled into, without any need of words, by two friends reacquainted after a long separation who'd found that they knew each other as well as if they'd never been parted. When it was broken, the return to conversation was just as natural. "How long can you stay?" Aragorn asked, taking another sip from the mug. "Until I outstay my welcome, or until you begin to look like your old self. I've seen to it that matters in Ithilien are being well taken care of for the time being." Aragorn shook his head with a laugh. "On either count you'll be here for some time. Possibly forever." "I am not so sure…" Legolas studied his friend's features. "Smiling, you already look like the Estel I used to know. Do you feel more like him, mellon-nin?" Aragorn groaned—though still smiling—and shook his head. "Of course I don't. You've just informed me that instead of being old, I am simply ill, overworked, sleep-deprived, and half-starved… I feel awful." His face paled still further. "Oh Eru, and I spent last night holding Eldarion. I've probably given him whatever I've got…" "Stop complaining, Estel , and stop worrying. Eldarion will be fine, and neither Gondor nor her king are about to fall to pieces. Now drink your tea." ----- The End -----