beautiful. But, to Legolas, the tree was not what caused his heart to abruptly overflow with warmth. It was the realization that for seventy years Aragorn had continued to care for a simple tree that they had planted, which had been merely to distract a heartbroken boy from what - at the moment - had seemed the most tragic parting of his life. But when Legolas finally returned after so many years to Imladris and tarried there with a now grown Aragorn, not once did his thoughts stray to Estel's secret glade, or the apple tree. But Aragorn had cherished it. Every time that he returned home to Rivendell from the Wilds the Ranger would take time out of each day to slip quietly away to the clearing and tend to the tree. It had been the only thing that had made him feel that he was still connected to Legolas somehow, even as he grew and the innocence of childhood left him. His reverence for keeping the tree tended did not, nor did the hope that he and his friend would reunite someday. Even when they had been brought together again, Aragorn had not been able to conjure enough confidence to share his seemingly foolish task with the Prince. And so life returned to its normal pace, and not a word was said. Returning abruptly from his recollections, Legolas rose his eyes once more and leaned around the oak to watch as Aragorn fondly scratched Anaryn's ears and held the apple up to the horse's nose. "I meant to show him that I have remembered it," the Man murmured softly, "yet now that he is here I find it rather childish. Do you think he would laugh?" The white stallion snorted and stamped his front hoof, making the Ranger chuckle. "Well, I do." Sighing, Aragorn patted Anaryn's neck one last time before moving to the tree and sliding along its trunk to sit beside it, leaning back against the rough bark. For a while he lifted his silver gaze to the sky and watched the tiny flittings of light through the canopy of trees. Anaryn contentedly grazed on the fresh grass of the glade, letting the Ranger sit in peace. It was quiet except for the soft sounds of the forest, and soon they began to lull Aragorn towards sleep. The Man let his head rest back and closed his eyes, stretching his long legs out in front of him before settling down, his mind at ease in the beauty of the day and the sense of being safe at home, away from worries, if only for a while. He had just slipped into a light doze when he was broken from his daze. Something quite hard - he could not immediately identify what - suddenly hit him on the top of his head and he sat up with an un-characteristic-like yelp, standing quickly and moving into the automatic stance of defense, silver eyes wide. Aragorn had just noticed that Anaryn was no longer in sight when the sound of silvery laughter filled the glade. And suddenly, Legolas leapt from the branches of the tree and landed noiselessly in front of him, a mischievous glint in his blue eyes. "What - Legolas, what on Arda are you doing here?" the Man stuttered, not knowing whether to feel angry or embarrassed. "I was dropping some eaves." Bringing up his hand, the Elf threw an apple into the air and caught it, a grin quirking his lips. "Or some apples." First: anger. "Legolas Greenleaf, if you EVER throw an apple at my head again, I will kill you slowly and hide you in the wine cellar!" Aragorn grit through his teeth and Legolas rolled his eyes. "You could have startled me into doing something stupid!" "You do stupid things anyways," the Prince remarked curtly, "so it really would not have mattered." The Ranger glared at him. "Why did you follow me?" "Why wouldn't I follow you? By saying 'Legolas, do not follow me' you practically goaded me to come along." Legolas smiled softly, his voice dropping all tease in less than a second to be replaced with warmth. "I am glad that I did. I cannot believe this, Estel." Aragorn's cheeks flushed slightly and he dropped his gaze. Then: embarrassment. "Believe what?" he mumbled. "This." Legolas swept his hand towards the apple tree, smiling once more. "What you have done. It's... It's amazing, Aragorn. This tree-" "Is a tree , Legolas," Aragorn interrupted quietly. "I think we both know that it is a lot more than that," Legolas countered and the Man hesitantly met his gaze. "I am not sure about you, Mortal," the Prince added softly, "but this tree means more to me than the entire wood of my home. It is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen." Gazing into his friend's eyes and taking note of the glint of joy held in them, Aragorn suddenly realized that Legolas was not merely referring to the tree, but to something that had much more meaning. Something that they both treasured, perhaps more than anything else in their lives. The friendship that they shared. And would share, no matter how much time passed. A smile spread across the Man's face and he reached out, clasping his friend's shoulder. "Me too, Legolas." Returning the smile, Legolas drew the Ranger into a warm embrace. "Thank you," he murmured after they pulled back once more. "You will never know how much this means to me. Do you remember what I told you, right before we planted it?" Silver eyes twinkling, Aragorn answered, "That as long as it stands, the promise that I will always be in your heart will never break." Legolas smiled. It is said that the apple tree that stood in the quiet clearing of Rivendell never withered. Legend is that it stood until the ending of the world. And none, save an Elf and a Ranger, ever knew why. fin.