citadel became clear to see. It was beautiful and stunning. Trees and stone were integrated perfectly in a marriage of Greenwood wood craft and Imladrian stone work. Homes rose along the streets and high into the trees as talens, from small families in three rooms to generations spanning three or four trees. Small elflings darted in and out parents legs playing chase laughing and singing. There was a wide walkway down the middle that was lined with stalls and shops of every kind and necessity broken by a white stone square hosting a market the bustled and hummed with elven life. In the very edge of the citadel on the opposite side a truly massive centennial oak rose from the ground and played host to Legolas home, the forest fortress of Ithilien. Taking design from the ancient elves the tree was decorated and the structure built in the tree also moved through the expansive trunk so that Legolas truly lived within the heart of the forest. A horn rang out clear and loud, all the elves stopped and turned to watch as Legolas crested the small hill and dismounted from his horse. Suddenly every inhabitant of the forest came to the edge of the walkway waiting. Legolas made sure that the twins were still with him and began walking, maidens came forward with rich fruits that when bitten into dripped thick juices down his chin. Small children ran out in front of him dancing round his legs and petting his horse, spontaneously he swung one unsuspecting child up and onto the horses back along with two others. Elleth sang and danced and merchants came forward with gifts of jewels that Legolas would only take if he give a small amount of gold in return. As he got closer to the palace he spotted a family that appeared to be in some distress, leaving his horse with Ainion he moved over the ellon who was trying to comfort his wife and two small and terrified elflings. Placing and hand over his heart and bowing he asked "May I ask, what has befallen your family that you are in such sorrow?" The Ellon looked shocked that Legolas a prince was talking with his humbled family. "We have no home, we came here seeking a new place to make our home. We have heard of your generosity, yet we would ask much of you." Legolas held up a hand seeing that this was a deeper problem he spoke. "If you fear that your plea for sanctuary will be rejected fear not, I turn none away. Please come to my home with me and we will see if what you ask is too much, but I doubt this." The ellon looked shocked " But you have just come back from a trip yourself, you surely need rest." Legolas looked at the family again. "Family is more important than anything you will ever have, I can rest later. Your family are more important at the moment." The family followed Legolas as he entered the palace. The inside if the palace was alive, as the tree lived so did the palace. Flowers grew from the walls, elves that had a special affinity with plants cultivated areas into designed growth. Advisors swamped Legolas the second he walked in the door, vanishing from sight for a few seconds before Legolas finally managed to get their attention. "I will see to all of your work tomorrow. For now I wish to state that their shall be a feast tonight and that for the next few hours I wish not to be disturbed." Thoroughly admonished the advisor grumbled but it was clear that they were truly pleased to see their prince home. Conferring with a servant Legolas asked that food be brought to his receiving chamber, some for children and easily digestible. Legolas the grand doors to his receiving chamber and allowed them all entrance. The room was just what the twins expected of Legolas, clean and tidy with an abundance of books and scrolls. They could almost guarantee that the private living space would be different. Food quickly arrived in the form of three large trays of fruit and light soups with breads and cheeses. "Please help yourself. There is spiced wine on the side" He cast a look to the wife, she appeared deep in grief. "There is some mirovour in that large decanter, give some to your wife. I won't be a moment I wish to change." Legolas gestured to a decanter and turned. "Thank you my lord." Legolas private living space was a mess, there was archery equipment lying around along with art supplies, opened books and unfinished letters. Elladan picked up some of the sketches and saw his own face staring back along with his brothers, some were clearly tear stained in places. Moving further into the bed chamber they saw the tell tell signs of a fading elf, the bed clothe were far to ruffled and there was an are in to room or melancholy. Little care had been taken with things that were precious and valuable to Legolas. It was clear that a servant has been in at one point so it would have been common knowledge that Legolas had fallen ill of the elven sickness, it did explain the glares and mistrust in the people towards them. Legolas tried to straighten things out in the room feeling self conscious of the signs that were clear here. "I apologise for the mess, I was not..." Elrohir spoke up."Worry not Legolas you were fading and hurt, at our fault so we understand. Anyway you have a family in need of your good soul." Elladan held out a comfortable set of robes and a wet cloth. "Clean your self up, and do what you do best." Caun - Prince Melindo-anna - Lovers Gift (male) Thanks for reading, your thoughts would be apprieciated. Anything you want to see happen I will have a look and see.