already deeply snared by Legolas' blankets. Legolas was a light sleeper. If she woke and went for a drink of water, his eyes were focused on her when she returned. Always. If she got up, he knew, and he woke. The one time he hadn't, they'd been exhausting themselves from before the sun rose until well after it set, including much time spent dodging Elowar and several of the royal guards at the summer solstice celebration. Of course, she'd been so tired herself she'd nearly ignored her parched throat, that night. Their day had been fun, but not draining. So he knew she was out of bed. For her to wind up in a cave, she'd have had to use a secret passage, one she didn't think she could open while asleep. Which meant she'd had help leaving his room. She bit her lip. Which meant that Legolas if not Legolas and Angolar had led her into the caves and left her. She was overwhelmed with all the horrible emotions she'd felt those first weeks when they'd told her to leave them alone, to go away. But it was a thousand times worse, now, because she loved them both so very much, and she'd believed to her very soul that they would never hurt her. Tears trembled on her lower lids for an instant, before they spilled over her cheeks, dripping to her hands as she brought them up to cover her mouth to quiet a startling sob. She nearly dropped to her knees in her depression, but her ears tilted slightly back at a faint noise. She cocked her head, listening. Maybe if she could find her way out of here, she could find a peaceful corner of a garden to fall apart in. It would be much nicer to have a little light rather than stand in the darkness, only now aware that she'd been so overcome by her emotions that her light had failed her. "Zairil!" It was Legolas. She stiffened, anger flaring sharply before something far deeper than easily accessible emotions caught her by the heart, and made her pause. "Zai!" She heard him call again, heard what she'd almost caught in his voice the first time, and her tears flowed more quickly, before she closed her eyes and dried her cheeks, peace seeping over her again. "Do you sense her?" "I… this way! Zairil!" "Still asleep?" "Shut up, Angolar!" Legolas hissed, his voice uneven, a worried tremor wrapping itself around her like a loving embrace, letting her think. She saw a faint hint of light, and knew he was close. She let her eyes glaze over. If it had been a trick, she wanted to get away from them as quickly as possible, so letting them take her away would be best. If it hadn't… then she wanted to find out why she had awakened by herself in a cave she didn't recognize. Even through the glaze she could faintly see Legolas, but she was mostly aware of how the dull glow around him flashed brightly. Then arms were around her, and his face was pressed tightly to her neck. Her name was whispered in a tormented breath, the arms tightening painfully. In a movement less than elegant she was no longer on her feet. He shifted her carefully in his arms and began walking quickly, though he'd pause for a moment now and then to reposition her, to discretely touch her hair, her cheek, to run shaking fingers over hers. "Her room would be easier, Leaf," Angolar said quietly. Legolas nodded, and the two switched her off between them as they handed her down drops and up ravines, their ease a source of concern for her. She felt the familiar air of her rooms embrace her—smelling faintly of meadow grass and stale air, as she was so rarely within them they didn't seem at all lived in. Then there was a cold bed beneath her, and Legolas was beside her, his arms wrapping around her waist with painful tightness, his face again pressed to her neck. Angolar snorted softly at his obvious worry, but when he laid down on her other side, she felt his own relief in the strength of his hold around her, in the way he rested his forehead to her temple. "Next time you fall in some unexpected sinkhole, I promise I'll make her sit before trying to find you." The light around Legolas pulsed once before he was no longer glowing. "There will never be a next time, Angolar. I will not lose her." He turned his head towards the pillow, his nose at her nape, ending the conversation. Zairil blinked once, and released all of the negative emotions, though she could not forget them. She soaked up the love and regret she was wrapped in, and started to wish she hadn't woke before they'd found her. Before she finished the thought, though, she paused. Even half a day ago, she had not been so aware of how much she loved these two elves, of how much they meant to her after the last two decades of being their third. Now she knew that it would feel like her soul was being torn from her to be without them. Perhaps… Perhaps even for the pain, even for the ache that went into the very essence of what made her one of the eldar, it was good to know that. And even better to know that they felt it, too. Still, her last thought before sleep truly glazed her eyes once more was that they would never know that she had woke without them there. She loved them enough to spare them the added pain, and as she was no longer pained by it, keeping it secret did not harm her. She turned in her absent wandering dreams, tucking her head beneath a chin as four arms shifted to hold her tightly as her own wrapped around a lean waist.