blade. No, swords were for the battlefield, for open combat. There had been nothing open about what he'd done tonight. Not much of combat, either. Aragorn set his sword aside, his hands absently half-sheathing it. It was habit to inspect the blade, especially near where it joined the guard, and habit again to lock the sheath down with the strap over the hilt, declaring the blade at rest. His earliest lessons in swordplay, back when it had been a ritual he hadn't understood, only one step in the long line of learning how to handle the weapon properly. Yet even as his hands set themselves in the familiar motions his mind was firmly fixed on other matters, namely the wreck of Legolas's leg. He needed a full splint; what he had was a straight edge and bandages. "Hold him," he directed, but Halbarad knew his station all too well. He laid one hand on Legolas's shoulder and then the other cross-ways at his hip, and nodded his readiness back to his chieftain. Aragorn flexed his fingers, a deliberate gesture not born of nerves. Half a heartbeat was all it took as he grabbed hold of Legolas's left shin, one hand just below the knee, the other above the ankle. He wrapped those fingers around the limb, tight enough to feel the grating edges of broken bone, loose enough to not cause further injury with his own hands, then one strong yank — CRACK! —and it was done. The bones snapped quick and clean between his hands, and the line of Legolas's leg was whole once more. Aragorn immobilized the limb with his sword bound with strips of cloth. Then he renewed his survey of Legolas's ribcage, found its layout worryingly different than last he'd checked, and cursed that he hadn't the time to bind it before now. This was done with alacrity, but not before he indulged himself in one ear pressed to Legolas's chest, and then again over his back. Pneumonia, sure as sunrise, but thankfully no punctured lung. Pulse was weak, but holding steady. There was naught else he could do out here, not where a fire could be seen for miles around, and so Aragorn ordered his rangers to break camp. He vaulted up onto his mare's bare back, and Legolas was passed up to him. It took a moment to arrange him properly so that his leg could hang unhindered and Aragorn could hold on without further impeding Legolas's breathing, but then they were away, his rangers riding close on his heels. It was a long, hard road south to Rivendell. Aragorn ordered a halt after one full hour of frantic speeds. Now was time for the fire, to set the water to boil, to brew the draughts and the tisanes that he would force Legolas to drink. He never carried enough with him, no. Not nearly enough, but he had the athelas and the willow bark and the chamomile, and there was time to look at Legolas's ankle, and to clean the cuts and scrapes he'd found. They would make do, for a few hours at least, for however long it took for the first treatments to take hold. Legolas stirred again, after the worst of it had passed. After Aragorn had tended to his hurts, had plied Legolas with as much tea as he could reflexively swallow, had slapped as hard as he dared on Legolas's back to dislodge the fluid built up in his lungs. Legolas moaned, through the fever that despite their efforts was putting down deeper roots, through the confusion that the concussion left, through the pain that his injuries had wrought. Aragorn paused in swabbing the abrasion on Legolas's right wrist (and oh, he shouldn't have felt such satisfaction at what he'd done to the men that dared to bind his friend in a four-point hold), let one unclean hand fall soft and cool upon that fevered brow, and felt Legolas still beneath his touch. "Knew you..." breathed out on breathless sigh, and that could have been knew you'd come for me, or knew you'd save me, or knew you'd never stop looking , for any and all were true (and "Hush, hush mellonin. Just rest.") and Legolas was asleep once more. As he looked down at his friend, oddly able to snatch a moment's peace despite his injuries, despite whatever horrors he'd endured during his brief yet eternal captivity, for the simple fact that someone he knew, someone he trusted beyond any sane reckoning was there to keep the watch—well. That was Legolas for you. His faith, his trust, his loyalty were staggering even at the best of times, and the worse things got, the more his spirit burned with them. Aragorn knew that there was nothing Legolas wouldn't do for him, knew enough to read that as fact instead of sentiment. Legolas believed in Aragorn, believed in him even when Aragorn did not believe in himself— especially when Aragorn did not believe in himself. Believed in hope and promise and goodness and integrity and— That thought well and truly terrified him. Aragorn flexed his fingers, stared down at his hands, examined the dirt-packed lines of his palms. Remembered the snap of bone, the slick of blood, the weight of a dagger in his grasp. He wondered if Legolas had wondered just why those brigands had taken him alive, and then worried at the thought. And all the while Legolas slumbered on, momentarily at peace. Aragorn allowed himself to attribute this precious gift to the bliss of ignorance, but he knew that that was foolishness. Legolas had walked on Arda Marred for eons longer than Aragorn's people had stalked her wilds. There would be no convenient secrets between them this time, and the bitterness of the truth sat waiting on the fringes of wakefulness. Aragorn would grant him another hour, before they were on their way. -fin- Translations: Le ab-dollen: you are late Arda: the world Mellonin: my friend