me if I had seen you around a few times since you weren't ever home anymore. I could never find you either." "That's because I was avoiding you. I wanted to talk with you about this…oh how I wanted to…but I couldn't. I felt…I felt as if the gap between us was too wide for that anymore, I felt self-conscious…I didn't want Sauron to be your problem as well." Gandalf's frown deepened and he said "I would have been happy to help you Curunír, you must know that. I'll admit…I kept my ears open for any news of you. I still considered you my friend and…as much as I never admitted it to myself I was jealous that you were together with someone." Saruman looked at him, surprised. "Really?" "Yes." Saruman gave a short laugh and rubbed his forehead with his hand, "Why do I have the feeling Galadriel is laughing at us?" It was ridiculous but… "That's because she probably is, and has." The two enjoyed the lightened mood in silence for a moment before continuing to talk. "So how did things end? I was never able to get a full story from anyone and I'm sure it had to deal with more than just him leaving the school after that year." Saruman made a noise of disgust. "I tried to break up with him so many times, I couldn't take it anymore. I finally…went to see a counselor, Mrs. Estë, I didn't tell her everything but I told her of my troubles and she consoled me. Her words…helped greatly and helped resolve me to end it. I'm sure you heard or even saw one of the many scenes between me and Sauron near the summer. All of those had to deal with his reaction to my trying to be rid of him, and somehow no matter how ugly I saw him get I always took him back. You know he even tried to propose to me?! Made me this gold ring and everything! Made himself his own in platinum and wore it even though I always refused. After the third time he then threatened me!" "Are you serious?! And you didn't tell anyone?" Gandalf couldn't believe it. "Who was there to tell? This was mid-summer when things finally got to that stage, so no campus authorities to see and hear. I couldn't go to the police, his father would have pushed everything under the rug. My friends? He made it VERY clear that his personal little army of thugs and that of his father's would get to the few that I had. You? The lunatic told me that if I even tried to call you he himself would make sure to hurt you personally and slit your throat while I watched!" The fear and desperation began to creep back in, Gandalf reached forward and cupped the other man's face as he made soothing sounds. "It's alright. I'm here. I'm here." After a few moments Saruman composed himself and continued. "Finally it came to the time when he would be leaving, apparently to start his proper training, and he tried to get me to go with him. But I refused, no matter what threat or coercion he tried I wouldn't go with him or even promise to wait for him. I was spent. But he surprised me, though I could tell he was angry his actions became calm and he accepted it. He promised he would return though, and "get me back, no matter the challenge". And left. I tell you that was by far the scariest he had ever been." "Quite the threat." Said Gandalf then. "Took him until now to fulfill it though." He was about to laugh a little but stopped when he was Saruman's expression. "This…isn't the first time he's come by. It's the second." "What?" "He came back during the our time as professors at Valinor. It was only for a while, he tried proposing again and I, again, refused. But though he was obviously angry with my rejection he didn't try to threaten me. He tried sweet words, gestures, and gifts. No matter how many times I threw away the things he gave me- especially that damn ring - they always reappeared in my home." "He snuck into your house?!" Asked Gandalf angrily. Saruman nodded, a tiny, rueful smile passing on his face. "Yes, I had the locks changed twice, though none of my locks or doors looked forced into. I was so stressed I took it out on all around me. Even you and Radagast, with that stupid "war" we had going for a while with our food and such. It helped to keep me grounded; it distracted me from the fear. I was sure he would just come in the night and take me away, kicking and screaming. When he finally left a second time he once more promised to come back, saying he wouldn't give up on me. And as we've both seen, he hasn't. I don't know how he found me, not only did I change apartments after his visit but I moved here when I came to teach at the primary school and left no forwarding address." Gandalf brought up a hand and slammed a fist lightly into the table. His emotions charging his actions. "This has gone on long enough! He's terrorized you twice now, and that is two times too many! This is going to end!" Gandalf was fuming, his kindly face showing the anger and determination of a man half his age. Saruman could only stare, flabbergasted at the display. He had long given up trying to make his problem disappear. "What do you plan to do?" "First I'm going to call the police, if I remember correctly my old friend Ira is still a detective there. I know he will help us." And with that he walked over to the kitchen phone and began dialing. Saruman could only watch in amazement, and rising hope.