Legolas reached forward with his bound hands and gently touched his leg. Aragorn started, but managed to suppress the yelp of pain that almost escaped him. "You're 'fine'?" Aragorn answered between clenched teeth as he acclimated once more to the pain, "Well, it might be a little swollen." Legolas would have laughed had they been in any less dangerous of a situation. "A little swollen! You've been walking on a sprained ankle for two days—and it's a little swollen!" "Okay, make that very swollen." Aragorn spoke more harshly than he meant to, but hurried to amend his last words, "It is very swollen, and very painful, mellon-nín, but there is absolutely nothing either of us can do about it, so I'm just doing my best to ignore it." "And hope it goes away?" Legolas smiled slightly. Aragorn chuckled and gingerly stretched his long legs out before him, "It might." They sat in silence then, both leaning wearily back against the tree as they kept a wary eye on the orcs' activity. Though they felt reluctant to let down their guard enough to sleep, in the end their exhaustion, combined with the knowledge that staying awake would do little to prevent the orcs from doing just as they pleased, forced them to give in to the lure of rest. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Legolas woke with a start, absently noting that the sun was now well overhead. Glancing around, he quickly found the source of the noise that woke him in the first place. Several of the orcs were fighting, shoving each other as they shouted in the Black speech. Legolas winced at the sound of the language. The orcs had been unable to find a cave to spend the day in, a fact which none of them had been at all pleased at. The fact that the day was very cloudy and game was plentiful in the area served to curb their displeasure somewhat, but all of their tempers were obviously on edge. For now, it appeared that they were content to take their irritation out on each other, but Legolas knew all too well that it was likely only a matter of time before they began looking to their prisoners for a more satisfying means of releasing their frustration. Glancing over at his friend, he saw that he still slept. Better to let him get what rest he can. He'll soon be needing all the strength he has. He rested his head against the tree, watching disinterestedly as the orcs continued their argument. He had no idea what it was about, not that he really cared anyways, as long as it kept their interest away from Aragorn and himself. I very much doubt that even they know what they're arguing about by now. His contempt for the creatures must have showed all to clearly. Blagrak, who had been watching the fight, glancing in his direction, caught the look. "What do you think you're looking at like that, elf?" He growled. Legolas could think of quite a few responses to such a stupid question, none of which were likely to be conductive to either his own, or his friend's health. So he kept his silence, contenting himself with a disgusted glare. "Still defiant, eh? I think it's about time we did something about that. Besides, I still haven't given you the lesson I promised earlier. Completely forgetting any arguments with each other, the orcs all turned their attention to what promised to be a far more interesting diversion. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Aragorn woke quickly when Legolas nudged his leg with the toe of his boot, the sight of the angry orcs approaching bringing him to instant alertness. "Might I ask what you said to make then that angry, mellon-nin?" Aragorn's tense whisper was only half jesting. "Nothing! Nothing at all." Legolas paused for half a second. "Actually, I think that's just the problem." "Oh." Aragorn considered saying more, but all thoughts of further reply were banished by the orcs' near approach. He watched helplessly as they jerked his friend to his feet, the firm grip of an orc on his own arm preventing any interference. Blagrak approached Legolas, who was held in place by two large orcs. If he expected his captive to shrink from him, he was to be sorely disappointed. The elf held himself firmly erect, his face expressionless. "You think you're so tough, huh? We'll soon see how long you keep that high-and-mighty attitude of yours!" Though his outward composure was perfect, Legolas could feel his stomach twisting into knots as he contemplated what was to come. "You've had this comin' to you for a long time, elfy." Blagrak pressed the tip of the long, thin blade he carried against the elf's chest, increasing the pressure when the only thing his actions drew from the elf was blood. Suddenly, he hesitated, drawing back slightly as he turned to see Sharzag approaching. "Well, well, well, what have we here? Decided to have a little fun with the prisoners, did we?" "Yes-no… I mean… you did say that when we made camp…" Blagrak stammered, unsure where his chief was leading with his questions. Legolas felt a slight hope rise within him. After all, Sharzag had made them stop earlier. Perhaps… but the fragile hope was shattered again a moment later. A slow smile spread across Sharzag's face, sending shivers up the elf's spine. "Yes, I did, didn't I…" The orc seated himself on a nearby log, with an easy view of the proceedings. " Very well, then, carry on, boys." Well there you have it. Chapter two will be up next Friday. Hopefully, we'll be able to post weekly on that day. Now, before Imbecamiel and I get desperate and start in with the shameless pleading…please review? Hearing your comments is one of the things I enjoy most about writing fanfiction ; ) So hit that blue button, so conveniently situated below, and make two authors very, very happy. - Nefhiriel & Imbecamiel -