features. "So you mean to marshal an elven army to dispatch against the former leader of the Istári?" he asked in disbelief. "Oh, no my friend, no, no, no!" A deep roaring laugh accompanied Olórin's words. "It will certainly not be an army we are sending!" His tone regained its earlier soberness as he went on to explain the situation. "Like I said before, Men have all but forgotten our existence. And while we have been enjoying the prosperity of the Blessed Realm they had to survive in a world that was not always friendly for them. They have grown suspicious of the unknown, more so than you remembered them to be and even then it was enough, while their constant battling against each other has rendered them extremely efficient when it comes to warfare. An army of elves appearing out of nowhere would instantly be considered hostile and treated as such. You would have to fight against both Saruman and the forces of Men. And I fear that even should you survive the former, you would stand little chances against the latter. No, my friend, an army would certainly not do." Elrond was listening to him perturbed. It was hard to imagine a world where a host of Elves stood no chances against Men. Could the mortals have become such fierce warriors? "It sounds to me like they have no need for help in defending themselves against Saruman, then. Or if even their forces are not enough, what do you expect of us, Olórin?" "It is from their own selves that we have to protect them!" was Olórin's immediate reply. "Saruman's power is great, yes, but his greatest weapon is corruption. And it pains me to say that Men are the most vulnerable to that particular weapon. It is a rare occasion indeed but it is a fight I fear they are not equipped to fight. Either way, secrecy will be our ally. A small group of five or six may succeed where an army cannot." If possible Elrond appeared even more perturbed. "If what you say is true, then it is a perilous task indeed that you wish to appoint Olórin! What could so few of us do against such forces, and worse yet, against a Maia that survived the wrath of the Valar?" Olórin raised an eyebrow and seemed to be appraising him for a moment. "Was it not you, Lord Elrond, that sent a similarly small group into certain danger with a far more perilous task all that long time ago? And how did that turn out? I do not see how the wisdom of believing in the chances of the few has changed since then." Elrond knew what it was the Maia was talking about. The Fellowship had turned out an immensely unexpected success. Perhaps there was some reason behind it after all. "And I assume you wish me to be a part of this… mission? "There is no real obligation" Olórin explained. "The choice is yours and yours alone. But I will not deny that your presence will be valuable. You are a fierce warrior and a gifted healer, you had seen generations and generations of Men walk through the Halls of your House. Your bloodline alone makes you a choice better than most." "I am not certain of this Olórin. You say I have seen many generations of Men. And yet even I have spent more years here in the isolation of the Blessed Realm than in Middle-Earth. We have no knowledge of the world they have formed in our absence. How are we ever to find Curunír and deal with his plans? There are too many details that have not been explained…" "All in due time, my friend, all in due time" the Maia soothed. "All I may say for now is that you will have help once you get there. There will be a mortal waiting to assist you with your plans, if you must know. Lord Manwë and Lady Varda have seen to it." Olórin's blue eyes took on a special glint upon the mention of this 'ally' and Elrond immediately grew suspicious. "What kind of 'ally' may that be, Olórin?" The Maia was actually grinning with a look of mischief on his face by now. "Oh, but that would be telling, wouldn't it?" But upon seeing Elrond's annoyed expression, he let out a short laugh and hastened to add "Don't worry, my friend, I will let you know before you leave. But I will have you make your choice for all the right reasons first. I must go; there are others I must also speak to. Take the time during my absence to think this through. I suggest you take the time for a long conversation with the fair Lady Celebrían. The twins will need to know of this as well. At least, that is if they wish to join, which I am sure they will. I shall be back in a few days." "Explain it to others Olórin? I hardly understand it myself!" the elf-lord complained in a tired voice. "But I understand your need for discretion even if I do not approve of it. I will use the time wisely and will let you know of our decision upon your return." Satisfied with the response, Olórin gave a final nod and turned around only to disappear in the surrounding plant life, leaving a very troubled elf-lord sitting alone behind. A/N: This is my second attempt at writing a story with an actual plot that is longer than a mere drabble or one-shot. My first attempt was… less than successful. In fact, this is a complete re-write of the original "Ilúvatar's children". Still, I am not that much confident about the result and if it weren't for Anie's reassurance, I wouldn't be posting yet. And, since this is still WIP, I cannot guarantee any regular updates. So, can I count on you going easy on me? Thanks Neniel