grace tried to repair the damage that they had wrought. Legolas looked around him at the beautiful halls all white and golden, reminding him of the healing halls of the last homely house. He felt so tired, upon spotting the white bed, he desired that he could nothing more than to lie down and sleep for eternity. Moving towards the bed he made to lie but was stopped when a an etherial figure appeared before him. "Green leaf, it is not your time. This bed is not for you. You have no place here you never have. Your destiny was to stay on arda and eventually leave for the undying lands." Legolas began to cry as the soul waeriness penetrated deeper and he realised that he would have to go back to a world where he was unloved and uncared for or be left here to wander the halls with no place for himself. "Young one, what you did you did out of love but it was wrong and was not in your destiny" Legolas sort of collapsed in on himself at the this prospect. Namo looked sadly at the destroyed elf soul, he could see the deep cuts the he bore from the neglect of his loves. "Young one, they have realised there follies and are trying to repair the damage done. You need to go back they will be better, your love stronger and you more cared for this is your destiny, a loved of the Valar and the beauty of the world would be marred by your passing" Legolas bowed his head and nodded, closing his eyes and feeling as his soul was drawn back to his body. Elladan and Elrohir felt the bond flare to life in there minds yet it was weak and fragile, like their lover and bonded. Legolas chest began to rise and fall again as life was breathed back into him. A black shadow was cast over them. Namo stood with sad eyes "He has consented to be sent back but he wished to stay with me, his destiny is with you and that is what the Valar want but should he feel neglected or in sorrow enough to commit such a desperate act again I will welcome and claim him. You have a great gift in this soul, much suited to be a Valar bonded. Take care of him for he much beloved of me." Namo bent and laid a chaste kiss on Legolas fore head, an interlaced triquetra and circle sigil appeared on this spot Namo sign, it glimmered and glittered beautifully for them. Leaving the group alone Namo made his way back to the halls. Looking around the halls he used his power to create a new room, a room for Legolas. Should the elf ever need a place for his soul to rest. The damage the twins had done was great and it would take a lot of time to heal if some of it ever did. Adding some decorations and such as trees, vines and blooming flowers. Elladan and Elrohir craddled Legolas into their bodies. "We nearly lost him Elladan, I... Lost him." Elladan looked up shaking his head. "We have lost him, we broke and beat his soul. You heard what Namo said. He wanted to stay in the halls, Namo has a place for him ready, not as a resting spirit but as a lover." Elladans voice shook with fear and worry. He was panicked what if they had done two much damage and he did leave again. "Well your gonna have to work and work hard. He needs love and care to feel secure in the knowledge that he will not be forgotten and that he will never be hurt again. Take him somewhere ask him what he wants to do, where he wants to go? Faramir can take over your duties, take care of him or you will deal with me as well" Aragorn put in. They had a lot to think about, lifting him carefully and carrying to their room. Looking at the bed, they were horrified at them selves when they saw spots of blood on the sheets. Legolas had always had the sheets changed before they came back. "Legolas oh, Valar. We are...s... there isn't a word powerful enough" Elrohir took the full weight of Legolas. "Get someone to change the sheets, hot water and Some fruits. Hopefully he will be waking soon" Legolas felt wakefulness seeping into his bones and forcing him to reality. Opening his eyes he expected to wake alone on the tower devoid of a bond and lovers. Surprised to feel the softness of a mattress, and warm sheets covering his body. The thrum of the bond was gaining strength. The found him, they reforged the bond. He felt the warmth of hope spread through him. "Legolas, Meleth-nin" soft hands brushed the hair off of his face and rubbing down his face. "'Dan?" He questioned hoping and praying it was true. "Yes I'm here and so is Ro, It's all going to get better now we promise. I can't begin to say..." Legolas raised his hand and clasped both Elladan and Elrohirs. "Listen. Will it get better? Please don't lie. I don't care for your reason and I understand that Aragorn needed you but just understand that I need you too. Just please, please, please, care for me. I love you, sometimes I love you so much that it hurts, but your neglect hurts more. 100 years ago you bonded with me saying you loved me." Legolas had to stop before the tears ran too wild. The twins looked at each other. "From this day on we care only for you, Faramir has become the kings hands. We can do what you want to, visit family, sail. We have missed so much over the last years. There has been nothing that we can do to ever make up for what we have done." "Just love me"