they feared the Dark Lord. They looked at me in anger, an anger that I could not resent because I knew it for the darker side of their loyalty. They told me that neither Denethor my father nor Boromir my brother would have given away Gondor so lightly. I reminded them that they were dealing neither with my father nor with my brother but with me. None said openly that they regretted it, but the thought was plain in their eyes. The old arguments were revived and passed back and forth, uselessly. I spoke of our broken gates, our scattered defences, our armies ranged behind the one who would be king. Still some of them called for resistance. Called, and in the end, pleaded. Stand firm, they said, and we are with you. Give way, and you betray yourself and us. I let them talk themselves hoarse, as my father always did with his cold, inscrutable patience, and then followed my own mind, as he always did. 'Gentlemen,' I said, 'you speak as if you had a choice. I tell you you have none. I alone have a choice, and it is made. I hold this kingdom in trust for the king, and I believe that the king has now returned. Accordingly I propose to send word to the Lord Aragorn that as Steward of Gondor I recognise his claim as the heir of Elendil, and will resign the rule of this kingdom into his hand.' I waited for the protests to die down and then said, 'Either that, or I resign the Stewardship here and now and leave Minas Tirith as a common citizen of Gondor, and you may deal with the Lord Aragorn as you yourselves think best.' They all knew as well as I did that if I did not assume the leadership of the resistance to Aragorn, then there would be no resistance. They snarled, but in the end they agreed, and left for the most part in silence. Only Elphir, standing in for his father Imrahil, hesitated and turned back and said quietly, 'You are a brave man, cousin.' 'Scarcely,' I replied, 'but perhaps I have the sense to know when I have my back to the wall.' He smiled briefly, and went out after the others. I sent another message to Imrahil: 'The king's servant awaits the coming of the king.' So, it is done. The last of the Stewards of Gondor has done his last duty save one, which is to receive the King and surrender his office. And what then? When you know you are fighting a hopeless war, you lose the habit of looking far into the future, in case there is no future. And when your path in life was laid down inexorably before your birth, you do not question it. I knew – I cannot remember a time when I did not know – that one day soon Gondor would fall to the Enemy, and I would die fighting in its last defence. Or, if by some miracle Gondor did not fall in my lifetime, then for the rest of my life I would do what I had always done, serve Gondor, and my father as Steward of Gondor, and my brother as Steward after him. If my brother were to die – and I feared that prospect rather more than I feared the fall of Gondor – then I should be the Steward and do the best I could. Now there is a future, but my brother is gone and the Stewardship also. What is left for me? There are many things I can do. With a little more study – there was never enough time for it when I was a boy – I could make a lore-master, if the king feels the need of such. I can write a fair hand and decipher a crabbed one; I would make a tolerable secretary. Most likely the king will not wish one to remain in the city who once ruled it – however briefly – and still commands the hearts of the people. Better to go elsewhere. I can use a sword, a spear and a bow, and ride a horse; I could sell my services as a soldier, if there is still fighting to be done, as seems likely. Or I could go back to Ithilien and seek out my family's old estates, and farm them. A humble calling maybe, but a good one, to make things grow, instead of killing and destroying. I am not ignorant of it; as a boy on holiday I learned to cut hay and manage a plough team, and give not altogether inexpert assistance at a calving. They always said I had a way with beasts. The fire took my father and the water took my brother; it seems fitting that I should till the earth and, at the end, let it take me. They say a farmer needs a wife. Perhaps I should now go to my lady and offer her my hand, my heart, and some acres of land in Ithilien that have not been tilled these hundred years, infested for a certainty with orcs and brigands, and somewhere within those tangled acres a house whose ruins sank into the grass a thousand years ago. A fine offer, for one who dreams of being queen of Gondor. She is a proud woman. I would not have her otherwise; there is nothing about her that I would have otherwise. But as she is, she will not have me. There are other women, of course, but not for me. Never for me. To speak and to be silent, to do and to let be, to come and to go, in need or plenty, in peace or war, in living or dying, from this hour henceforth, until my lord release me, or death take me, or the world end. I have no more to say. It is for the king to speak.