in his voice. "What's the plan?" "Than plan is you are going to run, and not stop until all you hear are crickets." "And what about you?" Bilbo asked. For all his grand adventures, he hadn't quite lost the innocence of the Shire. "I'll do the best I can to buy you time." "But—" "Make for Rivendell. Hopefully my horse made it home and a patrol has already been sent to find me." By now Bilbo noticed that Aragorn held his sword in one hand and a wicked-looking dagger in the other. His eyes were still bright with fever but there was a cold glint in them now, the steely fire of determination, giving Aragorn a manic look that would have frightened even Bilbo had he not known better. As it was, he was too focused on his indignation to pay much attention to it. "Now wait just a minute! You can't really expect me to leave you here. And what would you have me say to your father when I saw him — greetings Lord Elrond, you'll be pleased to know that Erebor is doing well, Beorn says hello, and oh by the way I left your youngest son to die by the river?" As if to punctuate that thought a rumbling growl interrupted their conversation. "I expect Bilbo Dragonbane to know when it's more prudent to save the fighting for another day." "And I expect Estel Elrondion to know when to listen to his elders." Aragorn sighed, though the sound was swallowed by the growling night air. "Get behind me then," he directed tiredly, resigned. Bilbo saw that his muscles were already twitching form the effort of holding his sword, and he was incredulous. "I won't hide behind you!" "I don't want you to hide," Aragorn retorted. "If you insist on staying then you're going to guard my back." Bilbo was sheepish. "Oh. Right. Yes, well, I can do that too." By now there were definite shapes to the menacing shadows, and every so often a set of yellow eyes shone through the gloom. "Are you ready?" Bilbo didn't have time to answer because in that moment the wargs leapt upon them. He saw Aragorn raise his sword out of the corner of his eye as he brought Sting to bear, its silver blade gleaming wickedly in the dusky twilight. With an inarticulate shout that may have been a hasty prayer to Elbereth Bilbo slashed wildly at the air in front of him, which was very nearly filled with warg. Sting slid along the beast's thick hide, tracing a long, shallow cut as the warg desperately turned to the side to avoid impaling itself completely. The warg stumbled away, bleeding but still on its feet. Bilbo brought Sting up again, fear and adrenaline at war within him, but before he could decide whether or not to stand his ground or to press his advantage the warg suddenly stumbled again, this time falling completely to the ground. Bilbo blinked in surprise. There was an arrow embedded in its neck. The hobbit looked up in surprise just in time to see a company of Elven soldiers descend on the glade, bows drawn and arrows flying. In the midst of the chaos he laughed in heady relief — for the split second before he remembered Aragorn. He found the ranger sitting down, a dead warg at his feet and another by his side, though the latter had been felled by the archers. The man had a comical look on his face, as though he couldn't decide whether or not he wanted to laugh or cry and settled for something halfway in between. In that moment Bilbo knew they were saved, and the weight of his relief brought him to his knees. The elves, meanwhile, had completely obliterated the wargs. Their evil carcasses littered the ground in numbers far greater than the two companions could have handled alone. At the head of their company, bow in hand, Glorfindel sat atop a stunning white stallion, bells jingling in its mane. From where he knelt Bilbo could see worry shining in the elf's bright eyes, but the smile never left Glorfindel's face, even as he dismounted pretended to berate Aragorn for his carelessness in losing his horse. " Vinyárë mae govannen ," Bilbo whispered, never more happy to see an elf in his life. "So he'll be all right then?" The Lord of Imladris smiled tiredly and nodded. Bilbo had sat outside the door to Aragorn's sickroom all night, waiting for word. "The infection was severe, but your treatments helped to stall its progress long enough for aid to reach him." Bilbo shook his head slightly, a blank expression on his face. "My treatments?" "The tea you gave him," Lord Elrond clarified. "And the solution you used to cleanse his wounds. I did not know your people knew of Athelas." If anything, Bilbo was even more confused. "Athelas?" "You would know it as king's foil. It has great healing properties." Bilbo's eyes widened. "King's foil? The weed ?" Now it was Elrond's turn for confusion. "Aragorn told me that his own herbs did not survive the rains. If you did not give it to him…" "Oh no, I gave it to him all right," Bilbo clarified. "My former gardener — or I should say, my former gardener's wife — used to add it to infusions all the time, a cheap substitute for mint." Then Bilbo frowned. "That wasn't the only plant I added, though." "But it was the only one that mattered. It saved Aragorn's life, and for that I am grateful. My house owes you a great debt, Bilbo Baggins." Quite thoroughly stunned, Bilbo could only shake his head. "The unwitting hero again. Well, imagine that." - fin - Translations: Arda: the world Le hannon: thank you Elen síla lumenn' omentielvo: A star shines upon the hour of our meeting (taken from FoTR) Vinyárë mae govannen: literally, 'new sunrise well met' Adar: father