rested her head against her knee, watching the water swirl once more. "Is it that you refuse, or the man?" "Both. I have lived here in all my memory. As long as Lord Elrond remains, I wish to. Besides, my heart does not lie with any, so why should I marry? Why should I become a housewife when I do not wish to be a wife or a mother? I do not plan to ever do any of them." "It is said the quickest cure for such sentiments is to fall in love." She lifted her head and met his eyes for a long moment. "It is said," she agreed quietly. "But never by those who do not themselves know love." "Everyone knows it, even if it does not know them." A faint smile played across her lips for a moment, as she resisted retorting what he could see within her. She was not planning on loving anyone in such a way, either. "It is a shame I was so young the last time you visited. I would have very much enjoyed your company." "You have it now." He shifted his weight, leaning back against a tree. "And I am poor company for any save the murmuring brook, who hears all that is said but repeats nothing." She rested her chin on her knee once more, watching him for a moment. "How long shall you stay?" "I hope to accompany the group to Gondor to see Arwen again." "Known her long?" "Most of her life, though we only met briefly through the years. She spent a few hundred years with her mother's people, but I had not traveled there until a few years past." Her eyes searched his as if looking for something, before taking in the rest of him. She sighed softly and shook her head. "At one instant, I could see you to be no older than I. In the next it is obvious you are older than any mortal could ever be." "Such is the way of elves," he murmured softly, frowning faintly. "Yes," she agreed, "and it is no less disconcerting for knowing that, for having seen it, or even for having spent my entire life around it. As a leaf slowly grows in the spring, gathers light in the summer, then withers and falls in autumn, and is swept slowly away by the wind or water, I have changed. Though perhaps at the beginning of my summer, another score of years may see me at the end of it, or perhaps already in the stream, being carried out to sea." She shook her head. "You never shall know the same, for as you are you will always remain." "I may never truly grow old, but I do not remain the same. Nothing does." She lifted her eyes from watching a small leaf swirling beside the rock she was on. He could tell she'd been around elves all her life, for her eyes caught his, looking into him for a long moment. She frowned and dropped her distressed gaze. "I'm sorry," she whispered, seeming to sense the sorrow he held, the changes he had undergone that he would gladly be rid of if he could. Then she got up from her perch and once again ran from him, quick, graceful if not exactly silent bounds carrying her across the stream, using the small stones protruding from the silvery water. He opened his mouth to call out to her, to stop her, but closed it again after his initial hesitation, dropping his hand to his side. She didn't want him to stop her, nor to follow. She wanted to be alone, as he had, when he started walking. With a slight frown he realized he didn't so much want to be alone just then, so he retraced his steps until he was standing in the halls of Elrond's house, listening carefully for Aragorn or Elrohir. A soft chuckle escaped him. "What's funny?" He turned and saw Elrohir glance up at him from a book. He shook his head slightly. "I ran into Lunian in the gardens." Elrohir grinned, the corners of his eyes crinkling as affection softened the slate blue. "Were her eyes still shooting flames?" "For a while. Then she recognized me." Elrohir lifted a brow. "I'm surprised. She was a small child when you were here last…well, when she was up and about at the same time." "How did I miss her before?" he asked, pretty sure he would have noticed her despite the escape of Gollum and the threat of Sauron that had been looming over them the last time he visited. It had not been four years, though it often seemed like longer. "She was very ill, confined to her chamber." Something in Elrohir's eyes betrayed there was more to it than a mere sickness. However, Legolas knew he would be told if it was felt important. Elrohir shook his head, clearing away the darkness. "To see her now, you'd never know it." "No," Legolas agreed, smiling faintly. "I assume Elrond has given up the match?" Elrohir frowned in displeasure. "Not entirely. He plans to take her to Gondor and introduce them. He thinks they will be a good match. How, considering he met the man once for a handful of seconds, I don't know. The meeting was not in the best of circumstances besides. Of course, his ideas in that department don't always go according to plan…" A rueful smile tilted Legolas's lips as he thought about Aragorn. "Plans made in haste without forethought never bear sweet fruit." "That saying should have been declared dead ages ago, Legolas. Sometimes the greatest things in life are what come unexpectedly, without warning." Elladan entered the room, biting into an apple. Legolas thought about the hooded maiden that had appeared on the path before them without warning. "You may be right about that." Then he bowed his head slightly to them and took his leave.