she knows that we don't?" he asked dryly. Kirilan chuckled on cue, but nervously kept his eyes forward lest something be read in his eyes. No, the Commander was not interested in any elf, nor in having a wife or children, cousins for their niece. He, himself, though… And having grown up under Nana's watchful eyes, he found himself sure they missed very little. The Commander caught a servant's eye, and the servant dutifully bowed his head, awaiting the coming command or question. "To find my niece, the best place to look would be?" "I believe the children were heading to the fall—" They were already walking away, a nod given over a shoulder in thanks. The 'fall garden' was a perennial favorite among the children, as it combined things to climb, swing from, fall from, and many ways to get dirty. It's name came, not from the activities that often occurred within as one might assume when a room was named by children, but from the series of waterfalls that percolated through the stone to reach the chamber that was set deep within the mountain's heart, hot spring water that was cooled at a higher altitude before filtering down to emerge in thousands of tiny fissures in the rocks. The falls were small, but the pool beneath them large and deep and always comfortably warm, making it a safe place for even the youngest of elves to learn to climb, once they'd learned to swim well enough. Most elves of Mirkwood learned that skill young, even if other realms shunned Ulmo's domain. Indeed it seemed the servant had been correct in his belief, as the voices of many children could be heard long before they reached the fall garden, along with a few lower pitches that came from the adults either charged with watching them, or who took joy in doing so. Nana was the first to notice them, which surprised neither. She always kept herself in position to watch the door of the room, as well as her charges. By calculating her angle, both soon found their niece studying a flower under the guidance of Anumi, a lady who took her pleasure in delicate stitch-work and looking after the children. Almost any given day could find her with them, wherever they were, a bag with some bit of cloth and a needle waiting somewhere should she want it. "What brings my princes to me?" Nana demanded, before holding out a hand. Kirilan took the hand, bringing it to his lips before pressing it to his cheek. She smiled fondly, before turning to his elder brother. "And you, you rascal?" "Uncle Legolas! Uncle Kirilan!" Legolas smiled faintly, bending to kiss her cheek. "The duties of elder brother, Nana," he told her, reaching down to pat the head of the barnacle attached to his leg. "Are you ready to go, Herita?" he asked softly. She lifted her head from his thigh and grinned. "I'm goin' with you?" she asked, suppressed excitement in the question. "If you're ready before I leave," he answered blandly. She squeaked and raced off. "Don't be cruel to the child," Nana scolded, but she was chuckling as she heard Herita's happy giggles. "The girl adores you." "Clearly she has no taste," Kirilan deadpanned. A glint in Legolas's eyes hinted at a smile. "Ah, the follies of youth." Kirilan shook his head. "It's not truly folly, Legolas. She knows you love her—that you would drop everything if she needed you, truly needed you." The proclamation seemed to rather disturb Legolas. "She is blood," he said at length, almost absently. "Blood and bond before crown and country?" Legolas bowed his head slightly, a small frown drawing his brow. "For the peace of the heart, yes. For that of the soul… perhaps no. There are times when crown and country may require loyalty above that of blood and bond, or even over that of love." He shook himself and turned to Nana. "All is as it was, Nana?" "My schedule is the same," Nana agreed, but her eyes were shrewd upon him. "Toriad has made good on his threat then?" she asked softly after a long silence. "So it seems," Kirilan offered as Legolas didn't seem about to. "Odrune burst in on the closed meeting." "Well, who has a right to do so, if not a princess?" "Perhaps," he admitted, knowing Legolas would not agree. It would be alright if she walked into the guard bathroom, fine if she strode into a private council between the Commanders and the King, but to walk in on the one domain in which Legolas reigned supreme? He was still considered too young by many in that room to sit where he did, but they couldn't deny that he had worked his way through the ranks as he should have. Or really, as well as he could have, considering even skill never allowed any not of their blood to be titled 'Commander of the Troops'. Nor could any deny that he did an excellent job as the Commander of the Troops—there had been fewer deaths and injuries but also a higher number of destroyed spider nests, spiders, orcs, and even an occasional troll since he took over for their father. Odrune bursting in had reminded them all that the elf calling the shots, running the army, was less than half their average age. It could have set him back a few decades in controlling things, had he not been rather harsh with her. Thankfully, she understood, even if she hadn't expected it when she entered. "At any rate," Legolas said quietly as Herita began running towards them. "She shall be in my spare room tonight." "Tonight?" Kirilan mused. Legolas quirked a brow. "You are more known to her than I." "Yes… and so she adores you all the more." Legolas shook his head slightly, the conversation at an end as Herita latched onto his leg again, her arms winding tightly around his knee.