whatever doubt had been troubling him, he had resolved it. He greeted her as courteously as ever, but his face was grim and stern. 'I am glad to see you, my lady, but there is something I must say to you that you will not wish to hear.' She blenched. 'You have news from the East? The lord … my brother…?' 'No, no, nothing like that. There's no news, either good or bad. It is what must happen here that troubles me. I can't stay much longer in these Houses; there is too much to do.' 'So another prisoner of the Healers is intent on escape?' she asked, with a touch of irony. He smiled briefly in recognition of it. 'I take your meaning. Indeed it is easier to counsel patience to another than to espouse it oneself. If I seek escape now it's because my heart tells me that we have very little time to set this city in order before we begin its last defence, and that ordering is my task. I have promised the Warden to stay two more days because I need two days of quiet to make my plans. After that I must be gone.' She felt a sick qualm that was nothing to do with the menace approaching the city; nothing to do even with the lack of news from the East, though she did not pause to realise that. 'And I? Must I remain here, when there is so much to be done?' He looked very grave. 'Here? No. Éowyn, I said a moment ago that I had something to tell you that you would not want to hear. It is this. If the worst happens – if all our hopes prove vain – then this city will fall to the enemy. Our outer defences are in ruins, our gates shattered, our walls well-nigh breached. We long ago sent away most of those who could not fight; now it must be all of them. When the enemy comes, I'll have none here to face him but men who can fight, and are willing. For the others, we have secret refuges in the mountains. They may live and even be free, at least for a while. Need I say more? I am sending you away with them, as soon as it can be arranged. Maybe, afterwards, they will find some way to return you to your own people, if any are left.' She turned on him furiously. 'Must I begin the old struggle over again? Is there no man alive who can understand that a woman can fight with as much courage and skill as any of you? And I – I am of Rohan, and you cannot command me. Here I am, and here I stay.' His expression did not change. 'Lady, you were entrusted to the care of this city, and I am, or when I take up my office shall be, the highest authority in this city, and as such I can command you. Can't you see that what I am asking is the nobler part? It will be easier, much easier, to stay here and die in battle than to flee and live in hiding.' 'Then why are you staying yourself?' she cried. 'Why don't you run away? Why don't you all run away?' He frowned, but answered calmly, 'Your question is a just one. I have two answers; one comes from the head, and the other from the heart. The first is that those who escape, and live, must carry with them a memory of the honour of Gondor; I cannot and will not ask them to live with the knowledge that we left this city empty and open to the enemy. The second is that I myself could not live with that knowledge, any more than I could leave a child in the path of an orc-raid. I have lived in and for this city all my life, and I shall die in it. And, Éowyn' – his voice softened a little – 'I should die the happier, if I knew you were safe.' 'Safe?' she echoed incredulously. 'Say rather, if you wish, alive to carry on the fight, if it can be done.' His face was still calm, but she heard the strain in his voice and despite herself, her anger dropped. 'Once, not long ago' she said quietly, 'a woman of Rohan named Éowyn looked around the prison house of her life, and despaired. But she summoned one who was closer to her than a brother, a lad named Dernhelm, and with his help she escaped the prison house and went free. Now you may tell yourself, if you wish, that the lady Éowyn has returned to her prison and will die in it; but Dernhelm will stay with you and fight at your side, and perhaps someone in the dark years of that are to come will make a song of our last fight, to bring a little comfort in the darkness.' Their eyes met, grey steel clashing with steel in the brittle light. Then suddenly he laughed, and reached out and set his hands on her shoulders, and said, 'Very well. Such courage cannot be denied. Dernhelm shall stay and fight at my side, and the lady Éowyn shall keep her freedom.' 'That will do very well indeed,' she said, smiling back at him. 'Since Dernhelm and Faramir have but two sound arms between them, they will do better together than apart.' Éowyn, I would not have this world end now, nor lose so soon what I have found. The fifth day … and a great wind rose and blew… The wind had stripped the petals from the apple tree, but the tiny knobs of the fruit were visible among the leaves. There were two robins in the garden now. One sat in the tree and sang, while the other gathered twigs and dry grass, and set about building a nest. Return to Top