could I possibly be unable to survive her death over and over again? I would live, most likely, but I would grow even more weary of life than I now was. She was still panicking, her hand pressed hard against the side of her neck, her arm clenched around her middle as she cast her eyes around, trying to understand why she was filled with such fear she couldn't find any basis for. I knew why she feared. My love had been attacked in the forest at night, when assistance was too far to be of aid. I had felt her pain from the attack, from the spider, and had arrived only in time to lift her into my arms and feel the beginning fissures rock my heart as her soul began to slip away, my left arm around her, lifting her, my right hand reaching around to help hold her head up, trying to still the slowing flow of blood escaping her wound even as I felt numbness settling through her, and so through me. Very well, love. I moved forward, getting quite close before she sensed me behind her and spun around. Her blue eyes widened, and all the differences hit me hard. No, this was not my love, though they held the same soul. The surprise in her eyes faded to awe. After all, I was no doubt the first elf she had ever seen, and the only one she was likely to. I had no illusions about what she saw—in her eyes I was the starlight bound into a form of beauty beyond her imaginings. Those stars bathed me silver, my face calm and serene in appearance despite my torment. Her eyes flittered over my face, as if to find some proof I existed, or to imprint me on her memory. A faint frown touched her brow when she saw my ears, her eyes lifting to mine again, confusion prominent. As I stepped closer her breath caught, her eyes widening with a flicker of fear that caused all the fragments in me to grind a bit harder, slicing deeper than in recent years. At least she didn't run. In fact, her feet seemed rooted as I paused but a breath away. I murmured something to sooth her, absently aware I was speaking elvish and that the one before me knew but a few words. She once teased me about using elvish around her when we were alone, since most elves spoke the common tongue in our wood. But you don't know that, do you? I reached out, placing my left hand over hers, which was near her waist. She stiffened slightly, her mouth opening slightly to protest. I looked up again, and she closed her mouth without speaking. Since her right hand had fallen upon turning to see me, the way was clear for me to put my hand on her neck, upon the place where that which had taken her from me had entered her body, my thumb sliding along that hollow lightly, aching to hold my love in truth—for this being knew me not, and her skin wasn't as soft, her form not melting to my light caress as my love would have with but a glance. Once my hand was in place, her eyes lost their wideness, blinking a few times as confusion returned, along with a faint flicker of something that was nearly memory. Seeing it die into nothingness was worse than anything else I had seen in these last few days. Taking a rather shattered breath, I concentrated on the ancient wounds, drawing the memory of pain from her, taking the suffering from her soul, calming her heart down beyond normal human limits. For an instant my love was there, but for the second time I saw her life escape her eyes, and all that remained was the human who held her soul. When the pain would not return I moved my hand up slightly, brushing a strand of less than elven-soft hair back from her eyes before stepping back. Those eyes looked at me, and she blinked, then turned her head to the side. Her pulse sped up slightly, returning to normal, and she backed up a few steps, before turning to leave. At the edge of the wood she looked back, her head cocked slightly as she lifted her hand to her neck, feeling my touch yet lingering there. In that moment, I knew that she would not forget me, though her memory now was human. She would always remember the odd being who had appeared one evening and drawn her pain from her, would remember the way the stars had clung to his hair and eyes. She would remember how something within her caused him pain so intense she could nearly taste it for an instant, how she felt that she wasn't what she was meant to be, that he had turned from her for that… But she would remember me as but a dream, something to be shaken off or laughed lightly about but never shared with someone. Perhaps, she would think me—as I had drawn her ghost pain away—as her guardian angel. Nothing more, nothing else. Yes, she would remember me, but never as I wished she would remember me. Slowly she turned and continued out of the wood, away from me, away from the song of the trees she very likely could no longer hear. Farewell, child. May your life be better from here. The pain from my love's death should never trouble her again, no matter if she was reborn or not. As for me, my broken heart and I would be bleeding all the way back to the undying lands, to remain there until this weariness overwhelms me and my soul decides slumber is the only way to go. Never would I see that faint sparkle of my love again. Goodbye, my love. Forever. The last leaf fell, silently crashing to the ground.