was when alone with me, and the elf he was when alone in a battle. There were no pretensions, no attempts to impress, nothing superfluous or unnecessary. I still found him beautiful. Beautiful, though he could so easily frighten me. He had killed countless beings—he'd been ranked an assassin by the captains and commanders, which was a difficult mark to obtain, and viewed rather ambivalently. It excluded him from ever leading the army or even a patrol, because he worked best when he could simply commune with himself and the land, rather than several other elves. It also marked him as one who could kill even another elf, and another, and another, and continue, until his task among the enemy—whatever enemy—was done. So yes, he was frightening, though I knew I would never see him when he became a predator out for blood again. The glimpse I'd seen was quite enough—to know those chilled eyes when that part of him had been fully developed would send me running quite happily in the other direction, which I didn't want to do. I wanted to continue watching him, his eyes, to learn more about him from what we had both apparently deemed a safe distance, as it was clear he knew I could not yet handle everything that he was. He was powerful, he was dark, he could be cold and even cruel, but he was also sweet, and kind, and often so in need of the simple tenderness of a welcoming ear that I'd longed to hug him, but refrained. He was a constant contradiction, at least in my eyes, because for me, from me, he didn't hide. With me, he was simply who he was—a complex and isolated elf who was tired and hurt by that isolation… though his, rather like mine, was self-imposed. His because he was a high-blooded prince among wild wood-elves, and mine… because I had suffered a terrible blow in my youth—I'd listened to my mother cry herself to sleep for years over my father, and had sworn I'd never open myself up to that kind of heartache. I'd been outlandishly successful, save my few friends, but I'd realized that it was self-destructive at best quite a while before those kisses in the garden, and so I didn't even consider turning away as he lightly touched my chin again, his eyes troubled before he sighed, and kissed me lightly. "Try to sleep well, tonight." His tone made it obvious my previous lack of sleep had been quite apparent to him. I bit my lip, but nodded, and he kissed my forehead before leaving for his own rooms. It took no small amount of time. His past, I essentially knew, as he knew most of my own, but pasts are of little importance—how events affected one, however… It took years of visits and his intensity before I was decided. Even then he continued with the slowest seduction known to elven-kind—it took him another four hundred years to ask me to bind myself to him… and another two years to plan the ceremony. But now, I can feel his heart beating alongside mine, can feel the true emotions behind the mask, even if I didn't watch him as closely as I do to see the slight cracks in his roll he's never able to repair, for to repair them would be to become the wood-elf. I know him almost too well, now. He is in the midst of his 'friends', none of whom know him well enough to know that they don't really know him at all, and his laughter is partially at the cruel world that cast him into such a place. He's defeated her—he took on the world and he won, because he found one to accept all that he is. I still don't think that one is truly enough, but when I mentioned it, he gave me a funny little smile, before drawing me closer, tucking my head under his chin. "You seem content enough with one." I gave up the argument there, because I knew as well as he did that his observation was an outright lie—I wasn't content , not in the least! I was, sadly, deliriously happy . Those eyes of his catch on mine, a small smile lighting their depths even as he extricates himself to cross the hall until he stands before me. A glint in his eye is the only warning I have before he's picked me up, encouraged my legs around his waist before he takes a searing kiss from my lips. They expect the occasional display of physical affection, and he obliges them, which quite surprised me at first, as he is just as private about such things as am I. This kiss, like those witnessed before it, leaves me feeling faintly cheated, as it isn't the whole of my husband kissing me, just the part he lets them see. He chuckles against my lips and lets me down, brushing the lightest kiss over my lips, which makes me smile— that is my husband kissing me. He smiles as I beam at him, before frowning faintly. "No regrets?" he whispers softly, too softly for anyone around us to hear him. "Nor tears," I agree, lightly arching my thumb behind his ear in a way I know soothes him. I smile as I feel him relax utterly against me, sighing when I feel him gather the pieces of his mask, regaining his determination, pulling himself away. He nips my bottom lip and then throws himself into his roll, drawn into the feasting celebration of victory within instants. As he laughs, sings, and drinks, from my little shadowed corner, I smile. I watch him. And as I turn to leave the feast, I know he watches me. I know that wherever I go, he will follow. I am his chosen, I am his mate—I smile, and slip silently into the hall leading to our rooms. He will soon follow.