suggested not itching, had obviously never been stung by hornets or fire ants. One thing the two of them were discovering was a sudden mutual hatred for insects. They'd had more than their fill of spiders, ants, and bees for one trip. Suddenly, the aspect of staying in Rivendell—in a room clean even by elven standards—seemed far more appealing than either of them had ever remembered. They would be out in the wilds again soon enough, but for just a couple of days, staying in an insect-free house sounded like absolute paradise. As they quietly passed the sentries and crossed the bridge, Aragorn's thoughts turned toward the inevitable meeting with his elven family. He would be glad—overjoyed—to see them again, after the many months he'd spent away with the rangers. But at the same time, he was hesitant. They would know something was up. He didn't know how, but they always knew, and he would sooner die as tell them that he was traumatized by…bugs. "Halbarad…" he began, hesitantly, as they entered the courtyard. "Yes?" Halbarad responded, glancing over at him. "I won't tell if you won't." Apparently, the same thing had been on Halbarad's mind, for he didn't pause to ask what it was that they weren't to tell. He nodded. "It's a deal. I won't say a word, not under pain of torture." "Agreed." The bargain was struck just in time. In a matter of moments they were overpowered by two exuberant twins and a smiling elf lord. After Elladan and Elrohir were finished smothering their younger brother, Elrond greeted him in a far more dignified manner, but with no less affection. "Welcome home, ion-nín, we have missed you." Aragorn exchanged a smile with Halbarad. "It is good to be home, Ada. Very good." -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Familiar smells, familiar faces, familiar drapes and decorations, and most importantly at the moment, a familiar room—with a familiar bed. Aragorn sank down onto its welcoming softness, quickly pulling off his boots, and shrugging out of his coat, and changing into his blessedly-clean sleep clothes. There were many things changing about him , but Rivendell always seemed to stay the same. He burrowed under the ample covers, a smile lighting his face as he thought about his elven brothers. Ten human life-spans might pass, and yet he felt they would always remained as immature, reckless, and loving as ever. He closed his eyes with that reassuring thought, and felt his mind begin to drift away into the realms of sleep, comfortable in both mind and body. Well, he was comfortable. For a minute. Then, a familiar crawling sensation crept up his spine. He shuddered, and blocked it from his mind. I am in Rivendell. I am not sleeping on an ant-hill. I am home. In a real bed. But all his denial wouldn't make the sensation go away. It felt so real, as if a bug were crawling across his skin… Inexplicable fear seized him, and he ran a hand over his arm, trying to absolve himself of the imagined sensation. But, instead of just skin, his fingers made contact with something else. Something small, and prickly. Sitting up quickly, he looked down at himself. A large beetle was crawling slowly up his arm. He didn't mean to do it. He hadn't meant to shout, or jump out of bed because of beetle. But he did. The surprise of an insect, in a place he'd considered "safe" from any such infestations, caught him completely off guard. Before he could fling the beetle away from him, Halbarad appeared in the doorway. "Aragorn, what…?" The older ranger didn't finish his sentence. Reflexively, Aragorn shuddered, and shook the beetle off his arm. His aim couldn't have been better—or worse, in Halbarad's case. It caught him straight in the face. The surprise then became mutual, and Halbarad took a step backwards, unconsciously allowing a small yelp to escape him as well. The beetle landed on the floor, and continued to crawl on, innocent and unaware. The two rangers stood, shivering slightly in their light nightclothes and bare feet, as the silence became increasingly uncomfortable. When the silence was interrupted in the form of two young elf lords coming down the hall, both of them cringed. "Estel, is something wrong?" Aragorn looked sheepishly from Elladan to Elrohir. "Ah…not really." Halbarad supported him with enthusiasm. "No, no… nothing's wrong." His attempt at being casual sounded forced, and he knew it. And so did the twins. Elladan scrutinized Aragorn suspiciously. "Nothing? Oh really… Then why are the two of you standing here in your nightclothes?" Neither of them had a plausible answer for that one. Elrohir frowned. "You two are acting strange. What were those noises we heard? I thought I heard someone cry out, several times in fact…" "Oh that …" Halbarad stalled. "That was…That was… Aragorn." "Estel?" Elrohir looked at his little brother with concern. "Yes, it was me…I…" "He had a nightmare," Halbarad supplied. "A nightmare?" Elrohir asked gently. "What was it about, muindor?" Aragorn swallowed hard, and tried to think of something that sounded frightening enough. "Well…I…It was about…" "Spiders." Elladan narrowed his eyes at Halbarad. "Why do you keep finishing his sentences for him? If I didn't know better, I'd think you two were lying to us." "What's this all about?" Elrohir demanded. "What's this really all about?" Aragorn looked down at the floor, where a certain beetle happened to be crawling towards his feet, oblivious to the trouble it had caused. Grinning sheepishly, and looking still more embarrassed than before, he muttering quietly, "A beetle." The End Hope you enjoyed it! I've been finding so many spiders in my room, of late, thinking about this story for too long probably isn't the best thing I could do for my overactive imagination...LOL. If you have the time, I would appreciate it ever so much if you'd drop me a few lines. I alwayshaunt the computer, biting my nails until I get feedback, you know ;-)