was the one 'at started all the fightin'!" Another boy shouted, pointing an accusing finger at Pippin. Pippin stuck his tongue out as the others shouted in agreement. "Go home, and I won't tell your parents. But if I catch you fighting again…" He let the sentence trail meaningfully. They quickly vacated the area and Merry went over to Pippin, going over his many injuries. "I'm not a baby, am I, Merry?" Pippin sniffed morosely. Merry didn't say anything, just brushed some of the dirt out of Pippin's auburn curls. "Did you start the fight?" Merry asked as they began walking back to the Smials. Pippin grew ashamed from the tone in Merry's voice and nodded to the ground. Merry sighed. "Pippin, you're too old to let teasing get you riled up. You're old enough now that you can just brush those comments aside." Pippin nodded to the dirt, then looked up at Merry. "But they were making fun of you, Merry. I don't care what they say about me, but nobody makes fun of you around me without asking for a fight." Merry sighed. "Pippin, those lads were nearly my size, they could have really hurt you, especially if they ganged up on you." Pippin smiled proudly. "But they didn't. I was only fighting the one with the split lip, the others were just watching." Merry shook his head, knowing that it was hopeless. "Did you really split his lip?" Pippin nodded, showing the gash on his knuckle. "I hit his teeth." Merry smiled in spite of himself. "Just promise me you won't fight anymore lads, no mater what they say about me, or you, or even Frodo, okay?" Pippin considered for a moment. "I promise Merry," he said at last. "But you know I'd fight anyone for you, right?" Merry smiled and put his arm around his rambunctious cousin. "I know, Pip, and I'd do the same for you." 7. Tears copied the rain on the window and Pippin did nothing to stop them. Why did it have to hurt so much? How could he go on, when memories kept resurfacing and driving him deeper into the despair that stretched like a gaping void in his heart, waiting to swallow him whole? He wiped his eyes and looked up at his cousin. Frodo's eyes were said and his face was solemn. "It's time Pippin," he said softly, tears shimmering in his blue eyes. "Glinna says we shouldn't wait any longer for the others. You have to start going now." Pippin nodded, wanting nothing more than to run from this task. "I don't think I can do this, Frodo," Pippin said, his voice hoarse from crying. He stood and looked at Frodo, his grief and inestimable sorrow showing plainly on the once lively face. Frodo's own face was sympathetic, and he touched Pippin's shoulder lightly. "You have to, Pippin, he wouldn't have wanted you to wallow in despair for the rest of your life. You need this closure." Merry's body would be taken to Gondor, his chosen resting place. Though the journey would be much longer than the time a person could travel with the dead, Elrond of Rivendell, and a few other Elves, performed a ritual that would enable Pippin to travel with Merry the whole way. He would be taking the trip alone. They had displayed Merry's body in a foyer, for friends and relatives to pay their last respects. For three days, a steady stream of people had come from across the Shire to see their beloved friend. Estella Bolger had broken down and wept bitterly at his side; her brother standing behind her, a look of disbelief on his face. Saradoc Brandybuck had confined himself to his room, unable to face the ordeal. Matters of Buckland had been handed over to Merry's close cousin, Berilac Brandybuck. Now Pippin stood alone, all preparations for the journey completed, looking at the seemingly peaceful look on his best friend's face. "Oh, my Merry." No tears came to his dry eyes. He'd cried until he could cry no more. Hobbit bearers came in and reverently lifted Merry's bier, taking him to the cart that Pippin would drive to Gondor. A deep sigh came from beside him and a warm hand slipped into his own, startled Pippin. He looked down at the small form of Diamond of Long Cleeve. Her nearly black eyes stared up at him silently, sorrow and a little hope mixing in their depths. "I don't want to replace Merry," she said softly. "I know how much he meant to you. I would never insult you or him by believing that I can usurp his place in your heart." She paused, letting the words sink in. "But I hope in time you might have room enough for me and him." Her smile was soft and fleeting. "However long you need, I will wait. Just remember that I will always be here for you, Pippin Took." Pippin stared down at her, strange emotions warring in his heart and he nodded, tears coming to his eyes. He gently squeezed her hand and she slipped away as quietly as she'd arrived. There was love left in his heart, Pippin found. He silently thanked Merry for showing him pure love, untainted by attachments or expectations, knowing that somewhere, Merry would be smiling, his dark blue eyes twinkling in the light. Pippin imagined him as he looked on that long ago summer evening in the setting sun, blazing brilliant gold and softer hues of orange. Armed with the certainty that Pippin would survive, would grow stronger, and would, someday, love again. "Aye, it was beautiful. But it's not all gone." Pippin raised his head and sniffed at Merry. "It's not?" Merry shook his head and patted the Took affectionately. "No," he said, looking at the violet and azure sky. "You'll remember it, and so, a part of it will always be with you. And, who knows, it may happen again someday." FIN