sank to the ground in relief. "Oh, Elladan!" He pressed a kiss to his son's forehead, then leaned back. "The waterfall collapsed. You were trapped in the rubble . . . I barely got you out in time." The twin sniffed, still remembering those panicked moments of lost breath and water weighing him down. His eyes were still fixed on Elrohir, who hadn't said anything. "El - Elrohir?" The younger twin's eyes were brimming with tears. "You were so pale! I thought you were dead, and I couldn't feel you - !" With a choked sob, he lunged forward and wrapped slender arms around his brother's trembling form, providing and receiving comfort. Elladan hugged his little brother's warm body closer to himself, their identical heads pressed together and wet hair mixing. "You'll always feel me," whispered Elladan quietly to Elrohir, the words meant only for his twin's ears. "I'll never leave you here by yourself." "Promise?" came the tiny reply from Elrohir. Another sniff. "Promise." Behind the two clinging siblings, Celebrían's face was drained of blood, her silver eyes meeting her husband's own grey orbs. No words were needed - both parents had been terrified for their oldest son. Celebrían had held Elrohir while he hyperventilated as his brother struggled for air far under the water, and Elrond had panicked when Elladan went limp. Neither of the parents wanted to discuss what had happened during those few frenzied minutes. Elrond let the twins cuddle each other for a while longer before he gently tapped Elladan's shoulder. The elfling snuffled once more, then looked up. His eyes were red with crying, and Elrond hated to hurt him more, but he had to know - "Elladan?" queried his father. "Does it hurt anywhere?" At the question, Elladan realized his left leg was throbbing. The pain had been drowned out in the emotion of the moment. He automatically winced, and Elrohir drew back, frowning. "Your leg?" the younger twin asked. Elrond bent forward immediately, his eyes roving over Elladan's legs. He spied a slight bump on the twin's left leg, a bruise starting to form. He ran his hands carefully over it, and felt an abnormality immediately. Despite his gentle hands, Elladan still winced. "What is it?" Celebrían asked her husband, seeing the concentrated look on his face. He looked up, producing a slight smile. "I guess it wouldbe foolish to assume he could escape unscathed. There's a slight crack in the bone." Elladan looked horrified, not knowing what that meant. Elrohir let out a squeak and grabbed his brother's hand. "Is his leg going to get chopped off?" "What? - no!" Elrond reassured, seeing that the twins were both becoming extremely alarmed. "It will be fine, he just will need to have his leg wrapped for a few days before it heals." "Oh." "Well, then." Elrond climbed to his feet. "I guess we'll be going back then." He cast a glance at the waterfalls, their structure altered because of the rocks that had broken from the edge and into the pool. "I'll carry Elladan," Celebrían volunteered, wanting to comfort her hurt son. Elladan gripped his brother tighter. His eyes pleaded not to be separated from his twin, but even Elrond couldn't carry them both all the way back. "I'll take back Elrohir," their father decided. "Celebrían, you can carry Elladan. We'll send someone to fetch the picnic items." He waited until his sons reluctantly disentangled themselves and Elrohir offered his arms up to his father to be picked up. In a swift movement, the Elf lord scooped up the younger twin, one arm holding his legs and the other supporting his neck and propping him against his father's chest. Celebrían did the same with Elladan, and she whispered comforting words in her son's ear as they started back down the path to Imladris. "Ada?" Elrohir's deep grey eyes stared up at Elrond. "Yes?" The elfling's voice was low. "Did - did you think Elladan was going to die?" Elrond held back a shudder at the recollection of his oldest son's frightened face, paling for lack of oxygen, yet completely trusting his father to get him out. "For a moment there, I did," he admitted, then looked down seriously at Elrohir. "But, ion nín, I will never let your brother die while it is in my power to save him. Do you understand?" Elrohir nodded, then buried his face in his father's wet tunic. A minute later, almost to the bridge to the Healing Halls, a muffled voice came from him. "Ada?" "Yes, Elrohir?" The dark head came up once more, looking seriously at his father. "I want to be a healer like you when I'm older." If Elrond or Celebrían had worried that the traumatic experience would calm the twins' bright spirits, their fears were put to rest the very next week. "Elrond!" shrieked a certain Balrog-slayer, storming out of the bathing chambers. The Elf lord had just happened to be nearby, and he stared in shock as his best friend stomped toward him, steam from his hot bath still rising from his shoulders, and a robe wrapped hastily around him. Glorfindel looked his usual self - except for the fact that his eyes were narrowed to furious blue orbs, and his face was contorted in anger. "You - you," stuttered the Elda, trying to put his words in the correct order. He jabbed a accusing finger at the two identical heads peeking out from behind their father's robe. "Your little . . . spawn did something to my hair soap!" One eyebrow rose. "I can, ahem - see that." Glorfindel's famous golden hair was a bright, beautiful pink. "I . . !" He tried to find a suitable word that he would not be berated for later. "They . . . " Elrond could barely hold back a smirk as the Balrog-slayer growled. "Why, Glorfindel, I think it looks good on you!" I'd love to hear what you think, please review!