seeing things, I thought for sure I saw shadows lurking in the crops beside us. There was also a very disturbing smell; at first I barely noticed, but as we continued our midnight traipsing, it gradually became stronger and more poignant, permeating the air. It was horrid, like rotting fungus. I didn't have the courage to ask Mr. Frodo if he smelled it too, but I had to wonder at the size of his bulging pocket. After a while though, I had to admit that things were going well. We had reached the halfway point of our journey (after Frodo's mysterious detour), and so far, we hadn't become a midnight snack for the hungry predators I had been certain were lurking about. I relaxed a little. Maybe the Gaffer wouldn't find out after all... The presumption was premature. The cornstalks suddenly ended and butted up against a grassy plough-path that ran the length of the fields. We were just about to make a dash across it and into the last field for our homeward journey, when...we saw It. We clasped each other tight, falling to our knees as if the ground itself had dropped away from underneath our feet. It was a lonesome creature, but dark and frighteningly tall. It stood out in the field before us, its arms reaching towards the heavens as if in prayer, a tall pike in one hand. Though we couldn't see its eyes, we knew it stared out at us from underneath the dark hood. It gazed at us, daring us to come closer, to let it's iron grip ensnare us. A wolf howled nearby, then another. From above, a hawk's piercing cry sent fresh chills down our spine, as if the dark creature before us had sent him to taunt us. As we knelt there in frozen terror, our thoughts raced, desperately searching for way to escape. Our minds came to a simultaneous answer: we panicked. /\/\/\ Tearing into Bag End, winded and aching, we collapsed on the floor, our sides heaving and our hair drenched with perspiration. For the third time that night, I was on the bottom of the heap, my already bruised thigh throbbing from the abuse. Mr. Frodo lay on top of me for a minute, both of us staring up at the unique pattern the rafters made on the ceiling. How long we lay there on the wooden floor I don't know, but neither of us were ready to sit up any time soon. Only when the strong smell hit my nostrils once again did I venture to say anything. When I couldn't stand the smell any longer, I knew I would have to break the silence to make Frodo remove the hideous-smelling pocket away from me. "What was that thing?" The silence seemed all the louder when I whispered aloud. Frodo eased off me slowly. "I don't know...I don't know what on earth it was..." I rose to my elbows, looking at my best friend. I didn't say anything for a moment, choosing my words carefully. I loved him dearly, but sometimes... "I hope you're satisfied, Mr. Frodo," I finally said. "You realize we could have been killed , don't you?" Frodo dropped his eyes in shame. "You're right, Sam. I'm sorry. I just didn't want to go out there without you...You're such a good friend...I didn't want to have any fun without you with me. I'd feel guilty leaving you out of it..." I shut my eyes is exasperation. Our definitions of 'fun' were obviously different. But I thanked him anyway. Not many people ever took the time to think that way about me. At last I crept back home, jumping back in through my bedroom window as silently as I could. I buried my head under my pillow, promising myself I wouldn't look out from under it until I was persuaded, without the faintest shadow of a doubt, that morning had dawned. It wasn't until many years later that I found out the truth of our mission that night, as Mr. Maggot himself revealed to me, much to Frodo's embarrassment. A special treat always grew on the other side of Maggot's cornfield, and it was this prize that the then young Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took had cast their eyes upon. But, whom of course did the rascally companions dare to make the long, dark trek to the precious prize? And who, of course, would immediately promise to accompany him? The four of us always had a special love for mushrooms, even more so than most, and our love for them would cause us to stop at almost nothing to taste them. And Frodo's reward for braving the elements? I never found out, though it was later rumored that the cousins had somehow come into possession of an ancient pipe, the finest ever made in the Shire. And the rumor could be true...Though he, at the time, was not yet old enough to use it, I often found Mr. Frodo sitting on the front-step of Bag End, an intricate, curiously carved pipe in his hand, wafts of Old Toby filling the cool air around him. Often I would have a smoke with him, and as I would sit beside him, puffing away, a quiet but lively gleam would fill his bright eyes, and a far-off look would drift over his face, as if he was remembering something precious to him. And what of the mysterious creature lurking in the fields that night? It was with embarrassment several days later that I discovered what scarecrows actually looked like. Little did I know that Farmer Maggot knew it wouldn't just keep the crows away…. Even in later years, mushrooms would continue to get us into the worst situations you could imagine. Yes, my young readers: mushrooms, believe it or not, even had a part to play in the fate of Middle-Earth. But that is a tale that I may choose to undertake at another time. The End