with Lathron watching behind them. "Are there more?" Legolas asked. "We saw only that one," whispered Lathron. "Did you see others?" "We saw two," breathed Legolas. Lathron gripped him tighter and sped up. They had rounded the grove of trees when Legolas saw the eyes peering through the hedge. "There!" he hissed. Tinánia was past the grove already. She swung around to look. "Go!" ordered Lathron. Tinánia ran. The ground was fairly clear back to the path and she disappeared from sight. Lathron pushed him. "Run, Legolas." Legolas started to follow her, but he saw movement behind them. He turned and saw more red eyes. "Lathron, behind us!" Lathron shoved him hard. "Run!" Tears streaming down his face, Legolas abandoned his brother and ran. He heard the whack of the club, followed by the hiss of the spider. He could not make out the spider's words, but he knew it was talking. He was nearly to the path when he heard Lathron cry out. He stopped and turned back. "Lathron!" There was no answer. Legolas took a step towards his brother. Lathron would yell at him. He took another step, and then another. He would be careful not to distract his brother. Soon he was running. He reached the grove moments later. Red eyes glowed all around. There would be no way to know a spider was near in the darkness, except for their eyes. "Tender meat!" Legolas froze. He heard the clicking noise above him and looked up. Terror filled him as he saw a large spider perched above him. It was talking about him! Then Lathron cried out again and fell to the ground, and the spider pounced on him. "No!" cried Legolas. His fear turned to rage and he raced forward. He plunged his knife into the spider, then yanked it out and when the spider turned to him he shoved it into its eyes. The spider shrieked, releasing Lathron and rolling off him. Legolas grabbed the club that Lathron had dropped and swung it furiously. It connected solidly with a spider body, then was wrenched from his hand. The spider flung the club aside with one of its many legs and advanced on him. Legolas held his knife out. He wondered if it hurt to die, if it hurt after the spider stung him. Would he go to the Halls of Waiting with Lathron? Would they be together? The spider shot a piece of web at him, the sticky strand falling over his shoulder, tangling in his hair. He felt hot breath on his neck, but before he could turn, the spiders legs moved around him, spinning its web. He screamed. "Legolas!" Legolas heard the voice but he couldn't turn. Suddenly a great clamor rose around him. He heard the twang of arrows and watched as spiders fell around him. A sharp pain to his shoulder made him cry out again, then he was falling. He tried to reach out with his hands, but they wouldn't move, the webbing making him clumsy. He landed hard on the ground. He heard shouts and calls, heard the sounds of heavy bodies slamming into the ground. Then someone grabbed him. He kicked with all his strength and heard a gasp. "Legolas, I have you!" said Bregolas. "Bregolas," sobbed Legolas. His brother pulled away the strands of webbing. "Are you stung, Legolas?" Someone appeared with a torch. Legolas had never been so glad for the light before. He tried to answer Bregolas, but all he could do was sob. Then he looked down and saw Lathron. He was covered in webbing, as pale as the moon, and he did not move. "Lathron!" he cried, pushing at Bregolas. "Is he dead?" Warriors surrounded Lathron. Their faces were grim. Legolas held his breath, waiting for one of them to answer. "He lives," said Aranu grimly. "Barely. We must get him to the healers immediately." When Bregolas did not move, Legolas shoved him again. The force of his hands did little against the rock that was his oldest brother, but Bregolas looked at him, stroking his hair back. "Legolas, are you bitten?" "No," he croaked. "Help Lathron, please, Bregolas." Bregolas let someone take him from his arms, then dropped down next to Lathron. More warriors had arrived, some with horses. Legolas saw Aranu, one of Bregolas's captains, pick up Lathron like he weighed no more than Legolas. Bregolas leapt on to the horse, took Lathron and then turned and galloped away. "Bring a horse for Sadron," commanded Aranu. He took Legolas while Sadron mounted. Legolas felt the captain running his hands over his back and neck, and when he probed at the painful spot, Legolas yelped. "Take him to the healers. He does not look poisoned, but he has an injury." Then he put him on the horse. Sadron wrapped one arm around Legolas and then the horse took off like the spiders were still chasing them. They were not alone; other warriors raced alongside them, some holding torches aloft to light the way. Legolas was suddenly very tired. He wondered if Lathron were dead. He wondered if Tinánia and Emlin had made it to safety. He wondered if his ada would be angry at him. All over a silly bead and a squirrel. "Legolas, stay awake!" Legolas heard Sadron's voice, but it seemed very far away. He wanted to answer. He meant to answer. He tried to lift his hand, but his arm was too heavy. Then the lights swirled around him and Sadron dropped him. Ada caught him. Ada was speaking and he looked worried. Angry. He knew what Legolas had done. "Sorry, Ada," he sighed, and then fell asleep. oOoOoOo The title is taken from the Ella Wheeler Wilcox Poem "Tis the Set of the Sails" Like the winds of the sea Are the waves of time, As we journey along through life, 'Tis the set of the soul, That determines the goal, And not the calm or the strife.