nodded, with a slight grin. "Yes. Estel, actually. Though I rather think you two ought to stop wasting time and join the search." Elladan frowned. "Why would you send Estel?" he asked incredulously. Elrond smiled enigmatically, before turning to leave. "He simply seemed to be a good choice," was all he said before disappearing from view. "Where shall we start?" Elrohir asked once their father was gone. "The garden," Elladan said at once. "He'll be in a tree. I'd stake my life on it." With a nod from Elrohir, the two set out at once, both mumbling curses at their trying prince of a friend. xxxxx Legolas was so entranced with the warmth of the tree's embrace, that he didn't notice the new presence until it was right upon him. Startled, he came on guard at once--relaxing only when he caught site of the large curious eyes, framed by dark messy tresses. "Estel," he said fondly. "You are very quiet." Estel grinned. "You were very distracted," he said knowingly. "It is well, though, nothing would touch you here." Legolas grinned at the words, so sure and wise for one so young. "Have you been sent to find me?" he asked. Estel nodded. "Father worries for you." Legolas still grinned. "I do not think he is so worried. He knows I am well, and he knows the peace I find here. He is probably being overly cautious. You will not tell him where I am just yet, will you?" Estel hesitated. He had talked Elrond into giving him the task of finding Legolas rather easily, and it was not a task he took lightly. But then, he looked up to the prince in a way he had only ever looked up to Elrohir and Elladan, and he could not stand the thought of Legolas resenting him for anything. Legolas's smile faded and he said softly, "Forgive me, it was not fair of me to ask that of you. I shall return at once--perhaps I could even tell you another story?" Much as Estel longed to hear another story, he had seen a sudden sadness in Legolas's eyes at the thought of returning so soon. His mind made up, Estel shook his head. "Let us stay here for awhile yet. I was asked only to find you, after all, and I have." "You have indeed," Legolas grinned. "You are very skilled." Estel beamed. "That's what I'm always telling Elladan and Elrohir! They never listen though." Legolas froze suddenly, and Estel too tensed at the movement. "They come," Legolas said, before shooting Estel a mischievous grin. "I shall not be caught off my guard twice in so short a time." He moved silently to another branch, and then turned and held out a hand to Estel. Estel hesitated only a moment before taking it and following Legolas onto the branch. Now, both were completely hidden from view by anyone below them. A moment later, the voices reached even Estel's ears, and he could hear the twins mumbling about what they would like to do to Legolas once they got their hands on him. Estel turned to Legolas with a grin. The twins were right below them now, arguing about which way to go. Estel fought valiantly to keep from giggling and ruining it all. When the twins had finally agreed on a direction and disappeared from sight, Estel let out a laugh he could hold no longer. Legolas turned to him in amusement, before helping him back down onto the lower branches. Estel settled himself safely against the trunk of the tree, then turned to Legolas in excitement. "Will you tell me a story now?" he asked hopefully. Legolas watched the child fondly as he sat down himself, balanced seemly precariously on a thin branch. "I would love to," he said. xxxxx Elrond watched the two as they spoke conspiratorially, huddled together in the branches of a tree. He smiled. He had wandered out to find Legolas himself when none of his sons had returned, but he had not been as surprised as even he might have expected to find Estel and Legolas already together. He had worried about what Legolas's reaction to the child might be, though any fears he had had seemed ridiculous now. Thranduil seemed to have passed on only the best of his traits to his son, and Legolas's late mother had given him all the rest. There was none of the suspicion Thranduil held for all mortals in Legolas's eyes, and Elrond was very thankful for it. He could sense a bond forming between the two that he did not entirely understand--an elf prince and a mortal child hardly seemed a pair destined to be great friends, but he could not shake the thought that great friends they would be. Estel began laughing at something Legolas said, though Legolas was too intent on what he was saying to pause in what had to be an interesting story--and one Elrond would probably feel better if he never heard, he thought wryly. Often, it was best if he did not know half the things Legolas and his own sons did when they left his gates. The half he knew was more than enough cause for worry. With a frown, Elrond noted that Legolas was still unnaturally pale. He wondered if he should get the attention of both of them and take them back to Legolas's room, but dismissed the idea in the end. Legolas was smiling brightly, a shinning internal light seeming to surround him. Thranduil had mentioned how much the shadow had been weighing on his son, and Elrond was pleased to see Legolas looked as light-hearted and innocent as ever sitting up in that tree with Estel, laughing and smiling without care. Legolas would heal better there than in bed, Elrond decided. And besides, if his twin sons--his experienced warrior twin sons--could not find them, he knew the two would eventually find their own way home. The End.