had discarded his clothing. While getting dressed, he tried to ignore his pathetic beast so intent on catching the minnows and fingerling trout. Asfaloth could not seem to accept that the fish were not toys meant for horses and continued to submerge his nose only to come up snorting and whickering, until the breeze picked up. Whirling so fast, Glorfindel jumped, the horse took off across the meadow, his belly flashing in the sunlight as he twisted and reared. It was so good to see a young horse play, Glorfindel thought. Asfaloth's sire, Faerlain, had died over the winter, and Glorfindel, who had raised the old stallion from a newborn foal, missed the old horse terribly. For the Elves whose lives were as long as Arda herself, the brief lives of mortals, even horses, were too fleeting. How many times had he wished his steeds could be like Nahar, the mount of Lord Oromë, who died not? Too many to count, if he stopped to think about it. Elven-bred horses were little different from horses raised by Men, except as far as their life span went. On average, elven horses lived to the age of fifty or even sixty as Faerlain had proven. Whereas the horses of Men rarely lived to see thirty or forty. The elves found it easier to train their steeds, having a closer bond to the animals than mere Men, and Glorfindel could understand Asfaloth's manner of speech as well as the stallion understood him. Few surpassed the elvish steeds in speed or endurance, except perhaps those which belonged to the bands of Men the elves had heard now roamed the plains to the south. It was rumored the newcomers had a line that lived much longer than the average horse. What had the messenger from Lothlórien said they were called? Mearas ? Yes, that was it. A bump to Glorfindel's back brought him out of his thoughts and back to the meadow. A head draped over his shoulder and he absently reached up to scratch behind the ears. He hoped he had many years with this delightful creature. And after this spring, Asfaloth's own foals would join them, and in time, perhaps one of the stallion's descendants would bear the same name, if he proved to be worthy of it. With a sigh and a last glance at the peaceful meadow dressed for Spring, Glorfindel mounted and urged Asfaloth to head back home. The track back took longer as both he and his horse wished to linger, in no rush to return to stall or house. Detouring down a gentle embankment, Glorfindel let Asfaloth pick his way carefully down to an ancient riverbed, now a dry bed of stones. They followed it at a walk for a time, until rounding a bend. Glorfindel gasped, and then grinned. About a hundred feet ahead of them stood a copse of holly trees, and scattered among them were many saplings. It only took him a few minutes to shed his outer tunic and wet it in a small gurgling spring he found further into the grove. Using his knife, he quickly filled his tunic with young holly trees, and bundled them up in his tunic with enough soil to keep them happy until he could put them in the care of those who kept the grounds of the Last Homely House. This was the last year he would put up with a sneezing, grumpy Elrond! He would see to it, even if Elrond would not, and if the elf lord argued, Glorfindel would do the unforgiveable and tell his lord that Celebrían would not wish him to suffer so. Guilt often accomplished what reason would not. Asfaloth returned them home in good time, and Glorfindel delivered his package to the head gardener, to much amusement to all who saw what he bore. With a smile, Erechíl agreed to work his namesake holly into the landscape gradually, and to find other plants and trees that would not cause the lord of the house such pains. It would take time — many years even — but eventually, Spring could be a happy time once more, free of handkerchiefs! To Be Continued... Obscure characters/Translations Morgoth – The fallen Vala, brother to Manwë, master of Sauron and the Balrogs, maker of the Orcs. Arien – the sun. Asfaloth – This is not the Asfaloth of the books, but an ancestor to him. "Noro lim" – Ride fast Faerlain – OC, horse, sire of Asfaloth (not book Asfaloth) Nahar – mount of Oromë Oromë – Vala, husband of Vana, the great Huntsman who first found the Elves in starlit Cúivenen. Mearas – strain of horses said to have been given to the Rohirrim by Oromë himself and supposedly are descended from Nahar. Holly – a tree that is good for gardens of those with allergies. Erechíl – shining Holly tree. Elrond's head gardener. Translation of Elrond's allergy induced mumbling. "Cuhm eh," – Come in. "Ah, yeth, Glowfinnel. Cuhm eh, cuhm eh. We ned to dithcuth the doo-ey rothter." – Ah, yes, Glorfindel. Come in, come in. We need to discuss the duty roster. "Haf a theat." – Have a seat. "Don fwown at me. Leth juth geth thith ovah wid." – Don't frown at me. Let's just get this over with. A/N – Elrond having allergies can be considered AU if you disagree that Elves could suffer from allergies or Elrond could due to his mortal blood. I personally think any Elf can have an allergic reaction as they are of the same species as Men (just a different race, otherwise, they could not reproduce with Men) and have the same internal systems. Their immune system is just stronger, but it can also go haywire, IMO. My reasoning on this is based on canon sources such as Morgoth's Ring. You may call it AU if you feel a need to disagree. You do not need to mention that aspect in a review. NiRi