next to her mother, who was smiling as they began eating. "Just something an admirer gave me." Elladan and Elrohir both rose to their feet immediately, faces darkening. "Who dares to court our sister without our permission?" Celebrían choked as she tried to swallow and contain her laughter at the same time, and Elrond patted her on the back before turning exasperatedly to his sons. "Boys, sit down. No one is courting Arwen, certainly not without my knowledge." The two slowly returned to their seats, still glowering. Arwen twirled a bit of pastry around her fork as she cast her brothers a mischievous look. "I think you're just jealous that you don't have any admirers." Elladan just laughed, then leaned over and patted her on the head. "Oh, you poor thing – you only have one person that's brave enough to approach you, while myself…" He sighed. "I have so many I don't know what to do with them." "That's because they don't exist," Elrohir snorted. Elladan gave him an annoyed look. "That's what you think." "No, that's what I want you to think that I think." "Aha!" Elladan crowed. "That's exactly what I wanted to think that I wanted you to think that you think." Elrohir smirked. "I know that's what you wanted me to think that you wanted me to think, but really –" "That's what I wanted you to think," they said in unison, then turned at the same time and smiled at Arwen. "So…when can we meet this admirer of yours?" "" "" "" #86 – My Weapon's Name "All right, everyone, you're dismissed," Glorfindel called over the sheathing of sword blades. A practice session in defensive coordination had just ended, and now everyone scattered to other duties, or to put up their weapon. One student, near the back of the group, had moved forward and was standing near Glorfindel with an obvious intent to speak to him. "Excellent parry," Glorfindel approved as a young guard went past. He blushed and smiled, then continued on. Glorfindel looked around and caught sight of someone nearby with a question evident in their expression. "Can I help you, pen-neth? " Glorfindel asked, turning to them. "Ah…" The warrior-in-training nodded shyly. "You were talking about the names of our swords, what we should call them…that they were as much a part of our survival as anything else we bring with us on patrol –" "– and they're simply an extension of your body," Glorfindel finished, and smiled. "I'm glad you see you were paying attention." The student smiled and scuffed the ground with a foot, then continued, "I was wondering, since you've named your sword, I think, what the name of it was?" "My sword?" Glorfindel ran his fingers over the hilt of his sword. "Well, you wouldn't understand the name, it's a different language than we use here, but it means 'Protector.' As Captain of the Guard, it seemed appropriate when this was given to me." Eyes alit in interest, but the young guard remained polite. "Who gave it to you, my lord?" Glorfindel smiled and released the sword, then patted him on the shoulder. "That is a very long story, and one for another time. Meanwhile, why don't you go ahead and put up your sword – the dinner bell will be tolling soon." The guard nodded quickly, then hurried toward the quarters where they kept the weapons. Glorfindel hummed a low tune under his breath and followed the engraving on the hilt of his sword with his fingertips again. "My weapon's name," he mused under his breath, remembering an ancient warrior with a silver crown on his brow, diamonds in his hair, and the stars in his eyes. Glorfindel chuckled and followed the guard. "" "" "" #91 – Hunting Glorfindel prowled through the kitchens, feeling very much like a hunter as he searched for his prey. He opened cabinets, pantry closet doors, shelves, pulled open drawers – and then he finally found the sweet pastries hidden in plain sight in the washbasin, covered with a clean cloth. Glorfindel picked up the plate and walked out of the kitchens, munching happily on them. The cooks had definitely tried harder to keep them from him tonight, but they would have to up their game. He had found them far easier than last night. He was halfway through the whole plate and crumbs were sticking all over his hands and chin, when he saw a light on underneath an office door. It was, of course, Erestor's study, and no doubt the adviser was working early into the morning again. He crept past the door, feeling like a naughty elfling, and trying not to be heard. He had almost made it out of view when he heard the lantern in the room sputter and go out. The only light left in the hallway was from the moon shining through the high windows, and Glorfindel waited for the sound of Erestor getting up and replacing the light…but it didn't come. Curious now, Glorfindel crept over to the half-open door and peeked in. He saw Erestor immediately, slumped across his desk and deep in sleep, a candle casting a dim light on his pale face. His face was turned toward the door, eyes partly open, and lines of weariness drawn across his brow. A quill lay beside his still fingers, and his head rested next to a letter that wasn't finished. Glorfindel sighed and slipped inside, stealthily making his way to the closet in the far corner of the room. He opened the door and grabbed the blanket on the top shelf, then, putting his almost-empty plate of sweets on the desk, arranged the blanket across Erestor's slumbering form. Satisfied, he pinched out the flames of the flickering candle. Scooping up his plate, he again headed for the door, closing it quietly behind him, then he went on down the hallway, continuing his midnight snack fest with considerably more delight than before.