and cradled against him was a newborn pup. "See, she will not leave her children. We have only to collect them and she will follow us home." "Puppies? All of this to have puppies?" Legolas laughed. "It is normal behavior for a dog. Now, off with that," he tugged on Aragorn's duster. "We will use it to carry the whelps in." Aragorn happily gave up his article of clothing and held it as Legolas filled it with pup after pup, until six were bundled in Aragorn's arms. As Legolas removed the seventh, Hûvaran exited from the crevice herself, standing up on her hind legs to see the pup Legolas held, and then dropping down on all fours and moving over to where the others whimpered in Aragorn's arms. As Legolas said, she followed them easily back up the streets to the Citadel. - . - . - . - . - Two days later…. Gimli stared at the elf as he told the tale, a look of disbelief on his face. "I find it hard to believe, Elf, that a dog could cause so much trouble!" Legolas grinned and Aragorn chuckled. "Oh, but she did, my friend. She turned the entire Citadel into a scrambling frenzy of searching." The dwarf looked puzzled. "But…" Gimli paused and glanced at the man seated across the room and then at Arwen sitting beside the man. "Where was your lady during all this? Did you not say she was missing when you woke, Aragorn? What about that maid who was all mussed? And what happened to your breakfast?" The man let his head fall back as he laughed accompanied by giggles and snickers from Arwen and Legolas. "And that was the best part," Aragorn said through his chuckles. "Eldarion awoke to find his beloved Hûvaran missing." At Gimli's frown, he explained. "You know that hound Éomer sent to help improve our hunting dog stock?" "Gimli's brows rose. "The boy took a liking to that scraggly brown dog?" Legolas looked at him sharply, all traces of humor leaving him in an instant. "Hûvaran is a well bred scent hound. One of the best I have seen. She is so light on her feet that she leaves hardly a trace, and the game never hears her." The elf sulked when the dwarf failed to look impressed. "So, his dog was missing. How does that explain your missing breakfast?" The Dwarf turned back to look at Aragorn. Aragorn looked at the offended Elf and indifferent Dwarf with affection. Their bantering never failed to amuse him. "Eldarion, upon finding Hûvaran missing, came running to tell his mother and I, and in the course, ran smack into the servant carrying our breakfast tray. He ended up wearing most of it." Arwen giggled, wrapping her arms around her middle. "A bowl of porridge overturned on his head and he was soaked in juice!" "The poor lad," Gimli sympathized, though his grin gave his amusement away. "He was inconsolable," Arwen's mirth mellowed some as she spoke on it. "And when the nurse realized the door must not have been shut properly the last time she checked on him, we realized Hûvaran must have pushed it open and let herself out. Eldarion was very upset with his nurse, and threw a tantrum, practically destroying his room." "Over a dog?" The dwarf asked in amazement. "She is a good dog!" Legolas insisted, bright eyes flashing. Aragorn interrupted the impending argument. "Arwen finally got him calmed down and stayed with him. They managed to get him clean, but after his bad behaviour, he was confined to his rooms. Still upset about his missing dog, the punishment started the tears all over again." "Our friend does not cope well with an upset child," Legolas added with a smirk, "so he insisted we find the hound." "I thought you said she was a good dog?" Gimli asked, his lips twitching. "She is." "It is not surprising Aragorn would not wish such a valuable animal to remain missing." "I was more concerned for my son's heart than the quality of my kennels, thank you." Aragorn glared at them both. "What about the maid?" Legolas shook his head and rolled his eyes. "She had been working in the kitchen. On a trip to the herb garden, she spotted Hûvaran and tried to grab the dog. The poor girl could not hold onto her though. Hûvaran was determined to find a quiet, dark place to have those pups." "So," Gimli turned back to Aragorn, "you found your wife, your son and your dog," Gimli ticked off each item on calloused fingers. "Did you ever get your breakfast?" Aragorn groaned, while Arwen and Legolas began to laugh again. "What?" The Dwarf asked. Legolas eyed the man who had dropped his head into his hands. "When we returned, Aragorn had his hands full. In his haste to show Eldarion that Hûvaran had been found with seven pups, he failed to note the maid approaching with a tray…" Gimli, beginning to chuckle, looked at the man, "You did not?" "Oh, he did," Arwen replied, rubbing her husband's back soothingly. "I suppose it is a good thing the staff has such good sense of humour. They took it all every well - better than their king." Aragorn groaned. "If I hear that song one more time…" "Song? What song?" Gimli asked through his laughter. "Oh," Legolas smiled wickedly, "the servants have made a children's song out of it." And he began to sing. "Breakfast porridge hot, breakfast porridge cold, breakfast porridge on the king and pups a day old…" "LEGOLAS!" Hûvaran – Sindarin 'brown dog' A/N - For those of you are still holding out for a chapter of Affinity, good news! I am almost finished with the next chapter! It has proven the most difficult chapter I've ever written! But it is almost complete! A little more tweaking and then off to the betas. Thank you for reading! Comments are appreciated. NiRi