shape of an eagle." The Elessar will come from the Dunedain of the North. Eagle of the star , mused Aragorn. "I would start in Rohan. King Thengel is a friend of mine. Rohan is Gondor's closest ally. Thengel's word is held in high regard by Ecthelion, Steward of Gondor. If you arrive in Gondor with Thengel's recommendation, you will be well received." Aragorn sat up straight as the ideas took root in his heart. "I will go," he replied. "In the spring," counseled Mithrandir. "In the spring," agreed Aragorn. "That gives me time to speak to Halbarad, and wish fare well to my kin." Aragorn rose and shook out his stiff leg, then walked out to the perimeter of the camp and made a pass around it. Coming back into the clearing, he shook out his bedroll and made himself as comfortable as one could on the hard ground. "I will keep watch, if you wish to sleep," he told Mithrandir. "None will come near this night. You look like you could use the sleep. Do so. I am not yet tired, having rested long in Imladris." Aragorn wondered if the wizard would keep watch or fall asleep himself, but he was weary and something told him that the wizard had lived a lot longer in Middle-earth than he had and was still alive, and that said something. He fell asleep. He awoke to the smell of breakfast and the nudge of a boot in his side. He rolled over and sat up, and looked from the plate of food set next to him to the wizard sitting down to eat his own plate near the fire. "Well, get up and eat while it is hot. I will expect you to cook next time we meet." "Deal," replied Aragorn. He ate quickly, then washed and repacked his supplies. He took an extra few minutes and replenished the firewood he had used. Mithrandir had doused and covered the fire, and was waiting with walking stick in hand. They walked together to the road. "I head west. Have you decided where you are going?" asked Mithrandir. "East," replied Aragorn. "To Imladris and then to the rangers. I wish to take counsel with Elrond and Halbarad." "Then here we part. We will meet again, perhaps in Rohan or Gondor. Fare well, Thorongil!" With those parting words, Mithrandir tapped his walking stick on the ground and set forth along the road at a pace that belied his age. Aragorn watched him go. Mithrandir did not look back, but lifted his staff in the air. His voice rose in song. Aragorn watched until the wizard had disappeared beyond a bend in the road. He slung his pack over his shoulder and turned east. "Thorongil," he murmured. "I was just used to Aragorn." The end A/N: Come on, you knew there had to be some: And Olórin said: "This I bring to you from Yavanna. Use it as you may, and for a while you shall make the land of your dwelling the fairest place in Middle-earth. But it is not for you to possess. You shall hand it on when the time comes. For before you grow weary, and at last forsake Middle-earth one shall come who is to receive it, and his name shall be that of the stone: Elessar he shall be called." Mithrandir ( Olórin ) to Galadriel, Unfinished Tales. In this version of the tale of the Elessar, Mithrandir/ Olórin/Gandalf brought the Elessar from Valinor and gave it to Galadriel. Idril had left it to Eärendil as a token he would need when he went to plead to the Valar in the First Age. Olórin returned that same Elessar in this version. In other versions, Celebrimbor made for Galadriel a new Elessar in the Second Age. In the Fellowship of the Ring, Galadriel gave the Elessar to Aragorn. This could be the wedding gift that is listed in Laws and Customs of the Eldar, a sign of Galadriel's faith that they would succeed and Aragorn and Arwen would marry. It is also likely a fulfillment of Olórin's prophecy. 'Yet maybe this will lighten your heart,' said Galadriel; 'for it was left in my care to be given to you, should you pass through this land.' Then she lifted from her lap a great stone of a clear green, set in a silver brooch that was wrought in the likeness of an eagle with outspread wings; and as she held it up the gem flashed like the sun shining through the leaves of spring. 'This stone I gave to Celebrían my daughter, and she to hers; and now it comes to you as a token of hope. In this hour take the name that was foretold for you, Elessar, the Elfstone of the house of Elendil!' Farewell to Lorien, Fellowship of the Ring I combined the two stories into one… Gandalf's prophecy, the stone in Galadriel's possession, given to her by Celebrimbor. From Appendix B, we have the following timeline: 2956 Aragorn meets Gandalf and their friendship begins. (Aragorn is 25 years old) 2957-80 Aragorn undertakes his great journeys and errantries. As Thorongil he serves in disguise both Thengel of Rohan and Ecthelion II of Gondor. As we all know, there are no chance meetings in Tolkien's world, especially when they involve Gandalf. If Aragorn takes up friendship with Gandalf and the next year heads off as Thorongil to serve Thengel and Ecthelion, then surely a certain wizard had some influence on the decision. As for the meaning of Thorongil, it does mean 'Eagle of the Star'. Did Tolkien mean for the eagle to symbolize the Elessar and Star to symbolize the Northern Dúnedain of Númenor? I do not know. But figuring out Tolkien is like peeling an onion.. there are layers upon layers of meaning, and this one just seems to fit all too well… that the Elessar would come from the Northern Dúnedain. Now this is really the end.