archer's cheek, trying to calm him while the sight threatened to cause him to breakdown. "Penneth, we have to. He cannot just stay there. He-He's gone." The words were so painful; he nearly choked on them. Unfortunately, they were necessary. Legolas merely stared at Elrond before slowly bringing his gaze to Estel's covered body held by two others. Suddenly, he went completely limp and caught the twins by surprise, almost dragging them down with him. The grief was becoming too much, and they knew it. Struggling with their own grief and trying to prevent Legolas from succumbing to it was becoming more and more difficult. Elrohir was the first to regain his wits and picked the blonde up. "Should I bring him to his chambers?" he questioned quietly. Oh what he would do to change these circumstances… The elf-lord nodded. "Aye, I do not think he should be in here any longer," he said, looking around sadly. The twins did the same, their eyes lingering over the various items Estel had sitting out. Elrond looked back down at Legolas fondly with concern. "We shall wake him later when everything is ready. He will not want to miss it," he said, never taking his eyes off of the pale face. They had decided to hold the ceremony that day and had known it would be hard to get Legolas away from Estel. There was nothing they could do about it, though. Later, Legolas had been awakened to go to it and had stared listlessly at the new grave, still unable to fully grasp the fact that he would never see his friend again. He had vaguely listened to the things said about the human, all the wonderful things he had done, how much he meant to everyone, how stubborn he had been, how he would be greatly missed. All past tense. Afterwards, he had been dragged back to his chambers without a word or movement of resistance. He was currently sitting up in his bed as he tried to figure out where he went wrong; why he would never be able to see Estel again. However, he knew. He knew exactly why. He was weak. He hadn't been paying close enough attention. He could have saved him. He should have. Legolas heard footsteps coming towards his chambers but didn't lift his gaze even with the knock on the door. As expected, the visitor still entered, just quietly. He only looked up when his name was said with such deep concern lacing the sad voice that he couldn't resist. It was Elladan and Elrohir who had entered, looking weary-eyed and filled with despair; they stayed closer together, needing each other now more than ever. They were surprised to see Legolas awake since he hadn't responded. When he turned towards them they blanched, seeing the tear-filled, glazed eyes that looked up at them blankly. Elrohir placed a hand gently on the archer's shoulder in understanding. He knew how hard this was, for all of them. They had come in there to try and reassure Legolas, to get him to eat. However, the younger elf would hear none of it. Truth be told, it really wasn't surprising, especially since no matter how much they tried, it was hard to get pass the blow on their own hearts. The evening meal that night had an eerie quietness to it; one that had never been there before. Elrond watched the two seats on the right side of him sadly, like their occupants were suddenly going to appear. One of them was never going to be back, and he feared it was the same for the other. Estel was already gone. He just prayed they would be able to save Legolas. Seeing how this was affecting Legolas didn't help his own fight. He was trying his best, trying not to succumb to the ever-heavier pull dragging him down. The next few days were no better for anyone, especially not for Legolas, whose condition got worse and worse. Elrond and the twins didn't know what they could do; still fighting their own grief, they had tried everything that they could. However, they feared that there was nothing; that the young elf would fade. They didn't know if they could live through another death, one that was like a brother and son. And they didn't want to. They would keep at it. They would keep trying until they couldn't. One night Legolas dragged himself to Estel's chambers, running a hand against the walls as he went. He breathed heavily with just that little effort. When he entered the chambers, he stumbled to the bed, the lack of sleep and the vice-grip that tightened its hold weakening his body. If any of the others knew he had gotten up, even for such short distance, they would have immediately stopped the archer. However, they had also been greatly affected and couldn't help but sleep. Everything had been left how it had been before Estel's death. The things that he had out on his nightstand still splayed out, the paper, the books, even his sword had been set there. However, what made this Estel's chambers was never to be there again. Legolas collapsed next to the bed, hands reaching up and desperately grasping for what was not there. His heart refused to believe what his mind could not: Estel was gone. Legolas' eyes closed and his body completely relaxed, going limp as consciousness fled… with his grievous heart. And there ya have it. Like it? Hate it? I really like to kill off characters… Oops. XDD I know the beginning is pretty lame, with all the cliché flashbacks, but that's alright, right? If not… well, then, sorry. n.n;; A couple of them are also allusions to some of my other fics as well. ..:shrugs:.. Well, I hope you enjoyed in any case, and let me know what ya think, alright? n.n A multi-chaptered one should be up soon—I hope. n.n Ja ne