servant that rushed to him, eager to take care of the great warrior's mount. He usually took care of his horse himself, but he found himself too wearied to do so right now. He watched for a long moment as the other members of the patrol dismounted, grim and spattered in the black filthy blood of Orcs, a few holding wounded limbs or quickly bandaged sides. Glorfindel remembered his unrestrained rage in the all-too-brief battle and he didn't wonder why he hadn't received any wounds. He turned from the dispersing guards, glad that he wasn't the captain of this patrol, and that he didn't have to give an oral report to Erestor – who probably still hated him – about the week and a half they had spent out on the edges of the Wild. And anyway, he had to take care of something. The remembrance came when that something, warm and tucked in his ample tunic pocket stirred and then wriggled, wanting to be free from her confines. "Shh, pen-neth ," soothed Glorfindel, calming the creature and feeling it settle at his reassuring voice. After all, he had been the one that rescued her from that terrible flame and burning place, with his soft voice and gentle hands. She stilled, but then curiosity overcame her at the brightness peeking into her cozy haven, and she scrabbled up to peek out. Cozy sunlight greeted her eyes, and she blinked fuzzily. Then tender fingers rubbed behind her twitching ears, and she purred and arched up into the warm touch. A slight smile tugged at Glorfindel's mouth at the kitten's demands of more petting. He complied, running his fingers over the silky fur, and continued his trek toward the kitchens. He planned on finding her something to eat, then going to…organize something in his office he rarely used that was in the barracks. Or maybe he would just retire to his chambers for the rest of the day. """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" "Erestor!" called Lisondrë, trotting into the Chief Counselor's office with a bundle of scrolls tucked under one arm and a madly flapping list in the other. "The patrol from the North has returned – the captain is coming to give his report." Erestor turned the paper he had been examining for errors and slipped it on the stack that rested beside the orders from this morning. He stared for a moment at the desk that was, for once, free of any writing objects, and then lifted his chin resolutely and moved out from behind it, tucking his bandaged arm to his side. He reached out and snagged a small bottle of ink and a quill as he went past a cabinet, and dropped them into Lisondrë's hands when she went past. She fumbled awkwardly, but caught them and slipped them into a pocket at her waist and followed. "Note anything of importance that he mentions," Erestor instructed, pulling his cold mask into place once more. The captain he was about to speak to wasn't Glorfindel, but he needed to be swift nonetheless. If that patrol was back, if meant Glorfindel was back. Erestor needed to speak to the Balrog-slayer, but he didn't know when he would find the chance. Maybe right after this captain gave his report. "Right," Lisondrë said, dumping the scrolls haphazardly onto a small table right beside the door before they went out. One rolled and she barely caught it, placed it on the table, and then hurried after Erestor, who wasn't waiting for her. She caught up and folded the still-fluttering list she had in her other hand. "Do you want me to have him fill out a report paper?" Erestor didn't even have to think about that. "Yes, but wait until tomorrow to give it to him. Use one of the fill sheets – this captain is rather lazy about correct grammar and it would be best if Lord Elrond can understand the writing." "Right," she said again, frantically shoving the list into her pocket as well and yanking out a notepad she always carried with her. She flipped to a clean page and scribbled a notation on it with the small bit of powdery lead that she always carried with her. Erestor stepped into the room that was always used for small meetings and for the reports captains gave once they were back from a patrol. He spied the captain immediately – a broad-shouldered warrior with glinting grey eyes and auburn tresses in a single braid. He stood beside the large table in the room, his face set and hands entwined behind his back. "Ah, you're here already, good." Erestor waited impatiently while Lisondrë tugged out a folded piece of paper from her seemingly endless pocket and set in on the table. She then took out the ink bottle and quill Erestor had given her, putting them next to the paper and preparing to write. With an exasperated sigh, Erestor turned back to the captain, who was facing him now. "You may begin," said Erestor. He almost clasped his hands behind his back, but winced when a jolt of pain from his still-healing wrist shot up his arm, and then the captain began his report. When he was finished, Erestor stood silently for a long moment, then turned and left the room. Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed (and weren't disappointed)! The Revenge series will have one more part after this, and then everything will be resolved…maybe. *laughs evilly* And a note to earthdragon , who unfortunately I couldn't reply to. Thank you for reviewing! I'm very glad to hear your opinion, and that you didn't actually flame, as I've been nervous about. This is fanfiction, though, and our beloved Professor never expanded on either Glorfindel's or Erestor's character, so we can take it pretty much however we want! (Yay!) This is just my version! So anyways, please review! Really, the next part will come much sooner than this one did. *winces* Yesh…sorry about that.