back around and continuing on his way. Aragorn froze. "I what--? I called you--" "Arwen," Legolas supplied cheerfully. He turned around again. "Are you having trouble getting on your horse?" Aragorn shook his head, still somewhat stuck on the fact Legolas had changed his bandages and he had apparently, in turn, called him Arwen. "I--" he broke off then, deciding it would probably be best to just ignore this. He carefully pulled himself onto the horse. "So, Aragorn," Legolas asked as the Ranger rode up beside him. "You and the Evenstar?" Legolas laughed at the look on his face. "Far from ordinary indeed." Aragorn sighed in resignation. "You know Arwen?" he asked cautiously. Legolas shook his head. "I have heard of her. My father thinks highly of her." Legolas's lips twisted upwards slightly. Thranduil thought very high of Arwen, but the same could not be said about his feelings of her father. Legolas had not met either, had, in fact, met very few elves that were not from Mirkwood, since he himself so rarely left the forest. He had seen a few messengers, from Rivendell or Lorien, on their way to seek audience with his father. But that had been many, many, years ago, and he had been too young for them to notice. "Your father?" Aragorn asked. "I have not heard of any wood-elves visiting Rivendell." "The last time would have been long before your birth," Legolas said. Uncomfortable with the subject, Legolas pointed into the distance with a grin. "Esgaroth," he said. Aragorn looked to where he was pointing, and could just make out the city's buildings against the horizon. With a small amount of regret he did not understand, Aragorn realized he would soon part ways with Legolas, and would most likely never encounter him again. "What purpose do you have in Esgaroth?" Aragorn asked curiously, wanting to learn what he could before they went on their separate journeys. He knew that elves were not unheard of in the small lake town, but neither were they common. "I am meeting someone," Legolas said simply--as cryptic as always. "And you? What business do you have in Esgaroth?" "I too am meeting someone," Aragorn said with a slight grin. The two fell silent then, Legolas leading the way on tireless feet while Aragorn rode weary behind him. It was hours later when the city came into full view, and the two travelers could see the smoke swirling up from chimneys, and the merchants littering the streets packing for the night. Legolas stopped abruptly while they were still some distance away, and Aragorn pulled Teriel to a halt to look back at him. "What are you doing?" he asked. Legolas pulled a cloak from the bag hanging at his waist, and flung it out behind him--clasping it at the neck. "I do not wish to have every eye in the city on me when I enter," he said wryly, as he pulled up the hood. "Not all men are so relaxed in the company of elves as you." Aragorn nodded, and realized he was right. Legolas made sure his features were hidden, and then preceded him into the city. Aragorn slid carefully down from Teriel, and instructed him in quiet elvish to graze here until he returned. Then he turned to Legolas and watched his progress with narrowed eyes. He supposed it was possible all wood-elves wore such cloaks, but the one Legolas had on was the same as the figure he had seen the first night in Mirkwood--and he wondered, not for the first time, just who Legolas really was. Legolas was walking slowly towards the entrance to the city, and Aragorn was able to catch up with him even though he was moving slower than usual. "Where will you stay?" he asked. Legolas looked at him in surprise. "I will not stay. I will need to return on my way to Mirkwood tonight." Aragorn frowned. "You have not rested for a day and night." "Two nights and a day actually," Legolas said tiredly. "But it can not be helped. I must not be gone long." Then Legolas turned his eyes back to the dark forest in the distance, his gaze turning almost bleak. "And I have a feeling what I learn here will be news that cannot wait." "I have not thanked you," Aragorn said softly. Once again Legolas pushed the sorrow from his eyes, and gave a small grin. "That is because you have been too preoccupied with your own wounded pride." Aragorn bristled at that, but the elf's tone had been teasing. "You should not be so afraid to allow others to help you," Legolas continued. "I am not. But neither am I so trusting I would put faith in a stranger--and you should not, either." Legolas laced his fingers through his bag, and watched Aragorn with amusement. "I do not," he said. "You turned your back on me far too many times," Aragorn reproached. "You were weak, and half the time not even aware I was there," Legolas said in exasperation. "But had you made a move for your sword, you would not have reached it." Aragorn grinned ruefully. He had a feeling that might be true. "Hannon le." "You do not need to thank me, Strider. I was looking out for the interests of Mirkwood. I was only doing what I had to." Aragorn had a feeling that this was in fact quite the opposite of true. Had Legolas been doing what he was supposed to, he was sure there was a possibility he would be locked in one of Thranduil's famous dungeons. "Namárië," Aragorn said, some of his regret entering his voice as he reached out to clasp Legolas arm with his uninjured one. Legolas smiled, and this time it seemed to light up his entire face. "Belain na le, Aragorn." The Valar be with you. And then Legolas was gone, disappearing into the crowd as easily as he could into the trees.