like you said in Bree. It is already ruined. If you keep behaving like this, you take the bed, I noticed you were sneezing today." She said with a sigh as she started to grab her blanket. "I am not as good as a healer as you are, my friend. You may get very sick for a long time." Strider sighed. "No we can share the bed. I did not want to impose." Ram smiled at her friend as she got into the bed, trying not to get too close to the middle. "We are both Rangers Strider. If I was a lady, I would have thrown you out of my bedroom. I do have standards you know." She said laughing. He laughed with her. "Really they must be low if you crawl into the bed with a ranger like me." Ram stopped laughing and looked at him. "Right back at you." She said, trying to look serious. Strider gave her a soft wink. "Goodnight Ram." "Goodnight Strider." Ram felt the sleep wave over her, after finally feeling warm and comfortable, slowly drifting off to sleep. The sun was tickling her nose, as Ram started to wake up, feeling warm and cosy in the bed. Still half asleep she turned to the warmth next to her, trying to find a spot to sleep on. "It is time to wake up Ram." The warmth spoke, vibrating beneath her face. She slowly opened her eyes, looking at a familiar face. Strider smiled at her, as she looked up from the warm spot in his arms. Suddenly she realized where she was, moving away from her friend. She blushed as she remembered their conversation from the night before. "I am sorry!" She spoke quickly, missing the sign of hurt in his eyes for moving away so fast. "No harm done." He spoke. "It seems the bad weather has moved during the night." He moved his hands behind his head, not making a move of getting out of the bed. Ram suddenly looked forward to get on the road again. "Well then, let's get ready." She jumped out of the bed, feeling the cold floor waking her up completely. Her clothes were fully dried, and she was happy she did not have to wear wet clothes. Strider got dressed with her. As they were done, Ram left for the commonroom, while Strider checked the room. With a smile, and her hood down, Ram walked in, a spring in her step for the good weather. The inn-keeper looked shocked at her, as she gave him a smile. "We thank you for your hospitality." she said kindly. "Would you like some breakfast?" He asked. Ram felt a hand around her waist, and saw Strider standing next to her. "No we need to get going. Thank you again." He said, grabbing Ram's hand as they walked out of the door. The look on the inn-keeper's face was priceless and Ram had trouble not to laugh. Outside they both burst out in laughter. "Did you see his face?" Ram asked as she calmed down a bit. "I bet he is in shock the whole day." Strider said between his laughs. The rain had finally stopped, but it had made the road one big pile of mud. Both of them were covered in mud during the rest of the trip, and even though she was used to travel the road, Ram wondered if she ever would be clean again. They did press on, but stopped early to keep their strength. They had not spoken, but as they sat near the fire, the calm between them had been soothing. "The stars are trying their best tonight." She said. She always loved the stars, she knew all their names and where they were at what time in the night. Strider looked up. "We are closing in to the realm of Lord Elrond. His magic reaches far." "What is he like?" She had spoken it before she could stop herself. "Lord Elrond?" She nodded. "He is wise as he is good." Stider looked at her. "Have you not met him?" Ram shook her head. "Nor have I been to Rivendell." Her fellow ranger smiled. "Then after you delivered your message it would be my honour to show you around." He gave her a soft look, something was in his eyes, but Ram could not read what it was. "How about you get some sleep, and I will take watch." He nodded. "Thank you." He lay down on the ground, and Ram softly started to sing. As the first beams of sunlight came peaking over the mountains in the distance, Ram was tying down the final things to her pack. Strider was putting out the fire, Rams hands moved on instinct, as her eyes drifted to her travellingcompagnion. His skilled hands were putting the tinder under the wood to keep it dry for any traveller that needed to make a fire. He turned his head and looked her straight into her eyes. Ram was unable to move as his dark eyes kept her locked in her place. For a moment, time seemed to freeze. It felt like he could see inside her deepest thoughts. But then he gave her a smile. Ram almost fell over as she suddenly was able to move again and if it was not for her training she would ended up with her face into the wet green grass. "Let us go." He spoke softly as he pulled his pack on his back. Ram nodded, and followed him into the forest that lay ahead of them. Why had he looked at her like that? In her trainingdays with Strider and Halbereth they watched her every move, it unnerved her then and even though the way he was looking was different, it still had the same effect on her. She sighed. It was probably nothing, and Ram put it way in her mind as she concentrated on the road ahead.