"Ada, I have told Elrohir I am sorry, but I want to do something to show him I really mean it. May I go to him now?" asked Estel, an idea forming in his mind. "Yes, you may. Then go to lessons, and after mid-day meal you will report to Glorfindel to receive your assignment for the afternoon." "Naneth, I will need your help," said Estel as he slid to the floor. Gilraen rose and took his hand, and Estel had to slow down for he wished to run to his room. They finally entered, and Estel rushed to his bureau. He pulled open the top drawer and withdrew the carved box that was inside. He carried it to his bed and carefully opened it. "Elrohir once admired this pin, Naneth. He said it was something I could wear with pride when I was an adult. I want to give it to him," he said breathlessly. To his surprise, Gilraen's eyes filled with tears, and she sat down on the bed next to the box. "Naneth?" he asked, concerned. "That is a lovely idea, Estel. Here, let me help you release it from its nest," she said, first wiping away her tears and then undoing the clasp and removing the brooch. She secured the pin again, and laid it in Estel's hand. "I think Elrohir is in his room still." "Thank you, Naneth," said Estel, and he flung his arms around her neck and hugged her again. He ran from his room and down the hall to the rooms his brothers shared. He knocked on the door, then skipped inside when he was bade to enter. He saw Elrohir reclining on a bunch of pillows on his bed, and Elladan sitting in a chair nearby. A tray with breakfast was sitting beside the bed. To his relief, Elrohir smiled at him, and then held his arms out to him. Estel climbed up carefully on the bed and hugged Elrohir as gently as possible. He could see the edges of the bandage peeking out from Elrohir's open shirt, and what looked like the edge of a big bruise. "Elrohir, is that what I did to you?" he asked, horrified and fascinated all at the same time. Elrohir laughed and pulled his shirt open so that Estel could see the big bruise. "Oh!" cried Estel. "That must hurt! I am sorry, Elrohir." "So you have said, and so I have forgiven," replied Elrohir mildly. Estel stared at the injury for a moment longer, then shifted on to his knees to face his brother at eye level. "Elrohir, I am sorry for all the things I did wrong and mostly I am sorry that I hurt you. I want to give you something. You once said that this was an item to be proud of." He held out the brooch to Elrohir. He heard Elrohir's breath catch and looked at him, worried that maybe Elrohir really did not like it. Elladan had stood when Estel held out the brooch, and now he walked closer, resting his hand on Elrohir's shoulder. Elrohir clasped it as he appeared to fight back tears. Estel sank down, crestfallen. Elrohir had touched the brooch twice, but not taken it. Now he looked ready to cry and Estel had never seen his brother cry. He had come to make amends and instead made Elrohir feel worse. He bowed his head. "Estel, this is indeed something to be proud of, and something that I will cherish," said Elrohir suddenly, his voice very kind and gentle. He took the brooch from Estel's hand and held it as if he treasured it. Estel sighed in relief and smiled. "I have to go now. I have to do my lessons so that I can do my punishment this afternoon!" He paused. "I do not think Ada has disciplined many boys, because he did not pick any of the terrible punishments I have read about." The twins laughed at that, though Estel did not know why, and then they both hugged him before sending him out the door. oOoOo The twins sat in silence long after the door was closed, and Elladan even walked to it and opened it, peering up and down the hall to ensure that a certain small boy was indeed out of earshot. He sat down next to Elrohir, and took the brooch in his hands, turning it over and then looking for and finding the mark he and Elrohir had made on it many years earlier. "Arador's brooch," said Elrohir finally. "I think we will give this back to Estel on his coming of age." "Perhaps someday he will be given Arador's sword as well," added Elladan. The two looked at each other and laughed. "I am glad we have Estel to amuse us," said Elrohir, then clutched at his bandaged ribs. "No laughing, brother!" said Elladan. "Come, we should go instruct Adar on proper punishments. He will be laughing for hours at that!" The End. A few short author notes: This story was written in response to the Wood-elves challenge for April 2005, which included a curious child and a pop-gun. Thanks to Karri for her wonderful ideas. Regarding pop-guns, Middle-earth had heard of them, as evidenced here: The Hobbit, Chapter 1 - An Unexpected Party , Gandalf says, "It is not like you, Bilbo, to keep friends waiting on the mat, and then open the door like a pop-gun!" So if Gandalf said it, then it must be true. I do not argue with wizards. In this story Estel is about 7-8 years old. He has lived in Imladris (Rivendell) since he was two years old and his father (Arathorn) was killed. He was raised as a foster-son by Elrond, and his identity and heritage concealed. His grandfather (Arador) was killed by hill-trolls the year before Aragorn was born. Thank you for reading – I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Nilmandra