one. I believe I will settle for another lesson learned. I believe you have just found the truth in the old saying, 'Only a fool tests the depth of the water with both feet! '" Estel looked at him for a moment, an affronted look on his face, before turning his gaze on the river which had so betrayed him by luring him in with its peaceful front, Then his eyes dropped to his naked form and he closed his eyes and shook his head. "Very well, I am an idiot and a fool!" Legolas smiled, shaking his head at that declaration. He sighed in relief, wincing again as the breath leaving his lungs caused his side to ache fiercely. They had been lucky. "I am not seriously hurt, Legolas, but you are in pain. Where are you injured?" Legolas removed his hand from what he suspected were cracked ribs, and said, "It is nothing, Estel. I am fine." "And I am an orc!" The boy exclaimed, getting to his feet and insisting Legolas remove his tunic to see where he was hurt, despite Legolas's protests. It did not take more than a minute for Estel to find the large, mottled bruising over his ribs. "It is a good thing, Adar has taught me how to treat this," the boy stated, becoming a young man before Legolas's eyes, with an air of authority Legolas had not seen before. "Call your horse, Legolas. I will need the healer's kit and something to wrap these ribs. They are cracked, I believe." Legolas stared at Estel a moment in disbelief, but whistled for his horse. Suffering in silence as Estel wrapped his torso with a long strip of bandage, Legolas wondered how such a simple day had turned to disaster. They would now have to sneak into the Last Homely House if they wished to shirk a thorough exam and lecture from Lord Elrond. Estel finished wrapping Legolas's ribs, and they both mounted Legolas's horse with care and rode back to where Estel's clothing lay strewn on the ground, his horse contentedly grazing nearby. - o - For more than half the trip back to Imladris, Legolas distracted himself from the pain in his side but quoting more proverbs, drawing from remembered lessons of his own. Estel, his face a sour mask, parroted them back dutifully. "' Pray that you will never have to bear all that you are able to endure'." "' If is better to stand there and look stupid, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt'." "' Caution is not cowardice, even the ants march armed'." "' Words are like spears: Once they leave your lips they can never come back'." "' A stupid act entails doing the work twice over'." "' He who would enjoy the fruit must not spoil the blossoms'." Satisfied Estel had learned something, Legolas began to sing. They would at least enjoy the final half of their ride despite their sore aching bodies. - o - Both riders turned thankful eyes upon stable as they rode up. The ride back had not been as enjoyable as Legolas would have liked. They had been chased by an angry mother bear with cubs, assaulted by squirrels hurtling nuts, and finally, been drenched again in a late afternoon thundershower. They were still wet, sore, and weary beyond words. But somehow, they managed to tend their horses and enter the Last Homely House without seeing another soul. Sneaking through the halls, they made their way to Estel's room, where they planned to tend to each others hurts before making themselves presentable for dinner. But upon reaching the room, Estel lay down on his bed and Legolas simply sprawled on the rug. "After all we have been through today, what piece of 'elvish wisdom' do you have now, Legolas?" Estel asked, then groaned as he moved his wrist. Legolas, for the first time that day, felt puzzled. How to sum up the day they had had with a final proverb, something profound? He pondered a moment, then grinned. " ' Wait until it is night before saying it has been a fine day'?" - o - Lord Elrond walked down the hall towards his youngest son's rooms. He had not seen Estel or Legolas all day, and was curious as to how the lessons were proceeding. The sound of laughter led him towards Estel's door, where he paused, then pushed the door open just a crack, to see what the two were doing. Surely they were sharing some joke, judging by the laughter. Instead, his eyes widened at seeing two very dirty, bedraggled and apparently injured forms holding their sides as one lay on the bed, the other on the floor. Shaking his head, he announced his presence by clearing his throat. Bright grey and blue-grey eyes turned sharply to the now open doorway, and two faces grimaced at being caught in such a state. Elrond simply pointed down the hall and said, "Healing rooms. Now. Both of you." Dragging their feet and grumbling as they walked, the dark haired and blond headed figures moved painfully down the hall. "I believe you two should spend some time in the library, studying the proverbs as I suggested. You both obviously have failed to grasp such wisdom! It is time you both learn that 'He that seeks trouble never misses' ." Legolas and Estel turned a look of disbelief at each other, before continuing on towards the healing rooms, clearly oblivious to anything else Elrond said. Elrond smiled and shook his head, foreseeing a great friendship that would overcome all obstacles in the years to come, indeed, a friendship that would change the world. As he followed the troublesome pair, arms around the other as they hobbled down the hall, he spoke once more in only a whisper. "' Adversity is the touchstone of friendship.'" The End Thanks for reading and to everyone who has taken the time to review!