I need someone with small fingers." Legolas put out his hand and looked at his fingers, then looked around at the audience of elves. Many of them held out their hands, showing him that indeed, he did have the smallest fingers. After a long moment of hesitation, Legolas let go of Tathiel and stood, then walked to Tamil. "Hold this right here," instructed Tamil. He wrapped the bandage again. "Now here. Perfect. Now put your finger here while I tie it off." Legolas kept a wary eye on Tamil, but as he proceeded to help Tamil assess injuries, he relaxed. "I have one last task for you," said Tamil with a smile. "What?" asked Legolas. Tamil reached over and took the puppy that Tathiel had rescued from the elf who was holding it. "Let us check over the puppy. I think she would like it if you held her while I examined her." The puppy sat quietly in Legolas's lap as Tamil looked him. He wiped dirt from the pup's ears and felt along its limbs, ensuring it was not more seriously injured. "I think he is well." Legolas hugged the puppy, then glanced at Bregolas before turning back to Tamil. "This is the puppy that my brother and I want. I am glad Tathiel rescued her." "Shall we get Tathiel back to the palace, where she can take a warm bath and get out of her muddy clothes?" Legolas nodded and stood up, puppy in his arms, and Bregolas lifted him up on to Urevio. Rawien mounted as well, and Tamil lifted Tathiel up to him. Bregolas was pleased when Legolas did not react at all to the man touching Tathiel. More elves met them as they returned to the palace. Bregolas made a show of Legolas holding the puppy that Tathiel had rescued for all to see, and received an appreciative smile from Rawien for easing Tathiel's embarrassment. They might tease her themselves, but would not allow any others to do so. oOo Thranduil watched from the doorway as Tamil finished splinting Tathiel's ankle, with Legolas's assistance. He stiffened when Tamil held his arms out to Legolas. Legolas hesitated, but finally held his arms out and let himself be picked up. Tamil sat him down next to Tathiel, and Thranduil relaxed and smiled. "Now Legolas, I will need your help. Tathiel has to stay off that foot for a day or two. I need you to see that she does. Can you do that? Legolas nodded and patted Tathiel's hand. "I will help you, Tathiel." Tamil rose and stepped back, and Rawien lifted his bruised and scratched wife into his arms. He carried her from the room, still shaking his head at her misadventure. Thranduil went to Legolas. "Are you hungry?" "Yes, Ada," answered Legolas. His stomach growled just then, which made him laugh. He took Thranduil's hand, waved at Tamil, and the skipped up the passageway. They found Bregolas waiting to eat with them. Legolas dived into his meal as if he hadn't eaten in days. They were nearly finished when Bregolas spoke. "You know, Adar, there is something you could do for Tathiel," began Bregolas. Thranduil turned to Bregolas in time to see his oldest wink at his youngest. "What is that, Bregolas?" "She is embarrassed by the commotion today, and even Rawien rolled his eyes at her getting into such a predicament just to save a puppy. Though, I admit, all of us would likely have done the same, had we come across the same situation. Nonetheless, others would value the puppy more, and hence her sacrifice, if …" "Bregolas," Thranduil interrupted. He glared at his son, but Bregolas only laughed. "It is the pup that Legolas loves. The one he has told you about." Legolas scrambled on to his knees on his chair and took Thranduil's arm. "Ada, it the best puppy! The stablemaster said so. He said she is the best one of the litter!" Legolas smiled winsomely. "And Ada, I think Bregolas really likes this puppy." Thranduil looked from the amused gaze of his oldest son to the hopeful face of his youngest. "She sleeps in the stable." "Thank you, Ada!" cried Legolas. He flung his arms about Thranduil, then jumped down and ran to the door. "Legolas, where are you off to?" called Thranduil. Legolas skidded to a stop. "To tell her! And to name her!" "You cannot go to the stable by yourself." Legolas's face fell, then perked up as a thought came to him. "I will ask Tathiel to take me!" His face screwed up. "I forgot. She cannot go. I know! Ada, you can take me!" Thranduil grimaced at Bregolas, preparing to blame him, then he smiled as a better idea occurred to him. "I believe I will take you, Legolas. Bregolas, you may handle court this afternoon." Bregolas groaned and buried his head in his arms. Thranduil leaned over and patted him on the shoulder. "That is what you get for conspiring with elflings. Have a good afternoon. Come, Legolas!" Legolas skipping and singing merrily at his side, Thranduil went to name a puppy. oOo "Legolas, what is the puppy's name?" asked Tathiel cautiously, unsure if she had heard correctly. "Tamil," answered Legolas proudly. Tathiel looked up at Thranduil, her concern granting her boldness. "My lord, you cannot mean to allow this? Is this not disrespectful to Tamil?" "Tamil seemed rather amused to have a puppy named after him," said Thranduil. "I admit, elves would not do such a thing." He paused, smiling slightly. "I gathered humans would not either. But he said if that helped Legolas to remember him more fondly, then he did not object." "Come on, Tamil!" called Legolas. He raced into the garden, the puppy following him with its clumsy, loping puppy gait. Tathiel sighed. "Well, it is better than calling either of them 'bad man'." The end. nana rŷn mamma hound Thank you to daw the minstrel for beta reading this story.