turning his eyes back to his friend. Only, Legolas was no longer there. "Easy, my friend," a soft voice came from beside him, and he would have slipped off the branch had strong arms not wrapped themselves around him. "Where are you hurt?" Gimli's pride screamed for him to deny it, but he swallowed it down and said, "My wrist. I think it's broken." "I have some bandages." Aragorn lifted himself up beside the elf, and Gimli jumped. Where did he come from?Bah! Elves and those with elvish heritage. Tree dwellers! The lot of them! "Lean against me," Legolas told him, tugging him backwards into a more stable position against the elf's chest, "so that Aragorn may bind your wrist." Gimli laughed. "Never thought I'd see the day my injuries would be tended in a tree." Aragorn snorted. "It's nothing new for us," He looked up at Legolas with a smile. "Indeed," Legolas concurred. "However, our injuries usually occurred on the ground. Tell me, Master Dwarf, why were you in the tree to begin with, and how did you come to injure yourself?" His eyes fell onto Gimli's scratched hand. "And how did you manage to be attacked in the process, for that was not caused by this gentle oak!" The corner's of Aragorn's mouth twitched as he examined Gimli's hand. "Ah, this is the work of Eldarion's kitten, if I am not mistaken. It will need to be thoroughly cleaned when we descend, for their bites are known to fester." When Gimli grumbled, the man continued, "They are pleasant creatures for the most part, Gimli, but when cornered or frightened, they fight back tooth and nail." "You don't say?" Gimli rolled his eyes in response as Aragorn began to bind his wrist. Legolas chuckled behind him. "And don't you start, elf! If you had simply helped me down to begin with..." "Truly, I am sorry." Legolas patted his shoulder in consolation. "I had no idea that you were injured. And I could not simply help you down...not right away." Aragorn looked up at the prince, mouth slightly ajar and eyes narrowed. "Do I wish to know why you could not help him down straight away?" "I would like to know!" Gimli growled. "I would never—" His eyes widened, and he snapped his mouth shut as a memory assailed him. "I had nothing to do with that!" he hissed up at his friend. "I'm sure you didn't," the elf replied, "however, neither did you quickly come to my aid. If I recall..." "Alright! You made your point. I laughed! I could not help it! How many times does an elf..." "How many times does a dwarf get stuck in a tree?" Legolas retorted, not allowing Gimli to finish his question. Aragorn looked between them, his brows drawn together with confusion, but it seemed he decided it was probably wise not to ask, for he continued to wrap Gimli's wrist in silence. "You laughed, I laughed, we are even." "Fine." "If you are done discussing your differences," Aragorn's voice was filled with authority, drawing their gazes, "we should see to getting Gimli down to the Houses of Healing, where I can tend his injuries in a more proper manner. The wrist will need to be set." "Agreed." Legolas began to maneuver himself so that Gimli could stand upon a thick branch just below them. "With your assistance, my lord king, and that of the tree, I believe we shall be on the ground shortly." The tree? Gimli just hoped he would make it back to firm ground in one piece. — Epilogue "See, Gimli? She isn't so bad when she'd not scared. Watch her chase the string!" Eldarion dragged a piece of string, suspended from a stick, across the floor. Gimli had to admit it was quite amusing to watch the small cat chase the writhing yarn with both front paws trying to hook it in her claws. He was thankful she was now angry with the string, and not his aching, scratched hand. Bright, elven laughter echoed off the walls of the room in the Houses of Healing. Its melodious sound brought Gimli's eyes up to the door, where Legolas entered, a large cat purring in his arms. Aragorn had insisted Gimli stay under the care of the healers until they were sure his hand did not become infected, but he did not mind being cooped up with such entertaining company. Aragorn entered behind Legolas. "How does your wrist feel, Gimli? Are the herbs helping with the pain?" "Aye," he smiled. "And Eldarion smuggled Morndel in to amuse me." Legolas snorted. "Morndel? Fitting," the elf observed, noting the primarily white kitten looked as though she had just sat in a pile of black soot which marked her rear and tail, "if a somewhat unusual name." "Yes, isn't it?" Aragorn agreed with a smirk. "I suppose it is fair turnaround after the names I came up with that made my adar cringe." "Indeed!" Legolas laughed. The elf's smile quickly turned into a grimace when the kitten's mother, Basinah, decided to climb up onto his shoulder. She sat perfectly balanced, like an elf on the branch of a tree. "She has elven grace, Legolas," Gimli pointed at the cat perched on his friend and grinned. "She does not!" the elf disagreed adamantly. "She has claws, which she is digging into my shoulder to maintain that poise." The room echoed with laughter as Legolas grimaced and tried to pry the cat from his shoulder. Gimli guffawed the loudest, seeing Eldarion laugh alongside Aragorn. Seeing the boy so happy, the kitten safe in his master's arms and Legolas with a cat now hanging onto his back, Gimli decided it was all worth it, after all. end Footnotes Morndel (MORN dehl) - Sindarin for 'dark rear-end (literally the hind most part of the body)' Wajih - an Arabic name meaning 'Noble, notable, distinguished'. Basinah - an Arabic name meaning 'Kitty, kitten'. Thank you for reading!