up to the point where one would have thought to be able to see his features, but the oval of his face remained dark and shadowed. "The only question is when you will die, and how. That should be of a certain interest to you, no?" The dark-haired man swallowed thickly, painfully, before he focussed eyes that were clouded and dark with pain on the dark hood in front of his eyes. "What will happen … w-will happen. My fate is … in the … h-hands of the Powers." The other man shook his head in mock sadness, and there was a mocking grin in his voice when he answered. "Not at the moment, no. Right now, not your almighty Lords hold your life in their hands, but me." "Not … almighty," the wounded man protested weakly. There was a strange detachment in his voice, as if he was barely aware of where he was, pain and blood loss finally beginning to catch up with him. "Almighty and … all-knowing is only Ilúvatar, father of the Eruhíni ." The hissing, malicious sounds once again rose up behind them like the tide washing against the shore, and this time, it did not die down so quickly. Movements were barely visible just outside of the firelight and the ever-present feeling of malicious hatred only seemed to grow stronger, yellowish eyes seemingly gleaming in the shadows. The other man paid all that no heed, but he did not release his prisoner's head. "My … friends here are beginning to become impatient. They have been waiting for two days now, and you have not been providing the kind of entertainment they are used to." He leaned forward a little. "They are not happy. I, however, have a vested interest in keeping them happy. I just might indulge them a little." The bound man coughed a little, bright red blood appearing at the corners of his mouth and bubbling obscenely as he tried to breathe. His captor seemed to look at the blood for a moment before he sat back a little, his left fist still tangled in the other's dark hair. "It can all end tonight. Tell me what I want to know, and I will end it quickly and painlessly. Do it not, and I will let my friends do as they wish." He chuckled darkly. "That is not a way you want to go, you know that as well as I do." "Empty … threats," the other man brought out, his chest heaving as he tried to draw in enough oxygen. "Empty?" the hooded man asked, his right hand ghosting over the other's torso to burrow itself in a deep slash up on his shoulder. The other man's body arched with the pain, a groan turning into something like a scream when the long fingers twisted ever deeper. Finally, he let go, the invisible smile once again returning to his voice. "Ah, I don't think so. You have seen what they can do – many times, I believe. I will let them have you." The prisoner's eyes that had slid closed as the newest wave of pain had washed over him slowly opened once more, blinking as he tried to get his surroundings into focus. He looked at his captor silently for a moment or two, unaware of or ignoring his body's trembling fight for air, and a sudden calmness seemed to lay itself over his stern, ravaged features. "Do what … you … will." Ignoring the pain the grip that the other man had on his hair must have caused him, he lifted his chin slightly, grey eyes hard and calm. "I … will never b-betray … my people, least of … of all to a coward … who is too af-afraid to show his face." The other man was silent for a moment, studying his prisoner's face and the unwavering determination in his eyes. Finally he sighed, shaking his hooded head slightly as if saddened. "No," he agreed quietly. "I had never really thought you would." With no hesitation and a movement almost too fast to follow, he drew his dagger and slit the bound man's throat. And later, when everything was over and the dark-haired man hung dead in his bonds, he reached out and removed the brooch that pinned the dead man's cloak upon his left shoulder. The brooch, shaped like a rayed star, had survived everything almost unstained and unblemished, and as the hooded man held it in his hands, turning it over thoughtfully, it blinked and gleamed in the oppressing darkness, and no real star could have been more beautiful. And that, perhaps, was the most dreadful thing of all. TBC... mellon nín (S.) - my friend yéni (pl. of yén) (Q.) - elvish unit of time, equivalent to 144 solar years dúnadan (S.) - 'Man of the West', ranger móradan (S.) - 'Man of Darkness' - a rather impolite thing to say to any human, especially to one of of the Edain Eruhíni (S.) - 'Children of Eru', the Children of Ilúvatar. A term for two races of Arda: Elves and Men So, and it's starting again... Will they ever catch a break? Highly doubtful if you ask me... •evil grin• I wanted to thank you for all the reviews for the last chapter of "A Taste of Disaster" I have received over the past few weeks. They really meant a lot to me and encouraged me to start posting this newest bit of madness. Thanks! I am trying to reply to all of them, but since I am a tiny bit busy at the moment, it might take me a bit yet. Thanks for your patience! •hugs all reviewers• Oh, and about this story: I am trying to post once a week - I know, I know, let's see how long THAT lasts. I am doing my best, though. So, the next chapter should be here next Tuesday, and, as always: Review? Yes, please!