hours. Elrond regularly returned to check that she was well. But his eyebrows wrinkled each time a little more, but he would not tell Aragorn or Legolas what was wrong. Finally, Lord Elrond invited them to enter with him. Eressië was still lying on the balcony. She appeared even paler than a few moments ago. They were seated in the same places as previously. She looked at them settling, and Elrond started the conversation: "You know why we are there, penneth . - Yes. I am dying. She had a smile without joy, and let her eyes turn over to wander afar. Legolas and Aragorn looked at Eressië. She had a shady grace, in the waiting of death. She appeared at peace with herself. Elrond had just diagnosed a serious internal bleeding, against which he could not anything. Legolas approached the bed and inquired: - Speak to us about your city. There I would so much have liked to go there at least once…" Eressië smiled, sincerely this time. She looked at Elrond, then Aragorn and finally Legolas, on which her eyes remained a little longer. Finally, she began her story. "When you leave the forest of Hewsta, you are to the far North of Middle Earth, and unless you decided to come during the two summer months, you will have faced snow. But if your desire for coming to see us does not weaken, nor your courage, you will arrive on an illuminated area, in front of a lake without end, a marvellous landscape, serene yet joyful, nature in its prime. You are on the lands furthest in the North before the pole, the delta of the Hwinya River. You are thus at the same time on a river, a lake and the sea. When you raise your eyes to the horizon, you will see small islands of dazzling white land emerging from the river. The sky is always blue because it is purified by the wind. The white light never fades away. To reach the principal island where stands the Silver City, you must take a boat, among others which sail on the sea, on a journey which never seems to end. You can see from afar an astonishing combination, an invisible screen: a silver and water weaving. You pass very close to small uninhabited islands, of sawing sand banks, as if they were posed on motionless water. Then you approach and start to distinguish the pointed roofs from the city, built thus to counter the snow. You arrive finally in the middle of the lagoon, between sky and ground. The lagoon is bordered by beautiful palaces, proud as if they were aware to be in charge of History. You land on the principal place, in half-circle, where all the streets meet. You turn around. The sight here gains the freedom of another space. You are finally in the city of Sciences and Arts. You can benefit from the life of the artists and any other heart, in a city dedicated to nature and the sky, to water and movement, a water lily city, closed on itself, but which offers splendours to those with the patience to look at them blossoming. A large stone flower on the water. The first time that you come, you wander randomly the streets, privileging the sunny ones. You will find the place enchanted. With the turning of a street, you will stop in an unoccupied garden. You will be able enjoy there the delicate pleasure of the meditation which is offered to you like a timeless desert. One perceives there the celestial serenity of the song of the birds in the thickets so dense that you cannot see their heart. The song of a bird tells, the elf with an attentive ear, if this thicket is dark or magic. But every thicket in Silmenàro is magic. It is the spiritual solidity and the existential wisdom which make us perceive this place as mysterious and festive. When you move on, you will not want to be in the sun anymore. You feel as if you were on an intellectual and sentimental pilgrimage. You thus pass from the light to the shade. You go along the walls smooth, compact and mauve of the houses. The light is pink pale at certain hours of the day. The mystery mixes with the beauty. Everyone is lost among these colours and these echoes. The city seems alive and vibrating in the double light of the walls and the sky. But the Silver City has also a dark side. You will probably lose yourselves in an interlacing of passages which lead to nowhere. It will seem to you that the city has a heart. And this heart can hear and be heard. Thus, lost in this obscure labyrinth, you will cease to admire the carved patterns which hang to the pediments of the palaces, and advance slowly, with fear, in the half-light. The city is divided between half-light and full light. It is a metaphorical city. However, all the streets eventually come back to the mirror of the city: the sea. The waves move away, go around the world, and always come back. They slap the stones with their kisses of love and salt. The sea is blue like fish but also black like anger. Water steals and penetrates the skin; it silently dictates our states of mind. That makes the population a little lunatic, with moods which wake up and change constantly, a population which gets exasperated and stabilized according to the wind. » She fell silent, Legolas, Aragorn and Elrond, stared at an invisible point, in the distance. Her own eyes seemed heavy and in a last smile, she closed them definitively. Legolas remembered that at this time, the bad weather had been dissipated and that the sun again lit fully Fondcombe. It was simply an afternoon after the storm. Just another day, where a city, modelled in a breath, had just died out. THE END