could make Erestor look so… detached, for lack of a better word. He looked like he was there in body, but his mind or fëa was somewhere far away. "– then come tell me the details when you're done," Elrond finished, still carefully examining Erestor's stiff bearing. "Can you do all of that?" "Yes, my lord." Erestor's voice was cold, calm. Completely emotionless. Elrond knew his adviser was a bit aloof sometimes, but he had enjoyed seeing that in the past few months Erestor had loosened up somewhat, even laughing with Glorfindel when he thought no one was watching. And smiling. Usually around Glorfindel. So it was Glorfindel, then. Thinking about it, Lord Elrond realized that, with his position above everyone else in Imladris – except Lord Elrond and kind of Glorfindel – as Chief Counselor, Erestor had no friends. Elrond counted himself as a friend of Erestor, but he was more of a Lord, so Erestor really didn't have anyone…except Glorfindel, as a friend. Glorfindel and Erestor – they were good friends. To any who saw them, they would appear to be constantly arguing and sniping at each other, but Elrond and his wife seemed to be the only ones that knew they both usually enjoyed the banter, and even played a friendly chess game every…three nights, was it? Yes, so – they were friends, then. But Elrond knew that he was missing something. Something…important, something that Erestor was not hiding, but not talking about either. After a whole night that he had spent trying to figure out what it was – besides Erestor's broken wrist – Elrond had decided just to wait until it came to his mind. For now, he had to get Erestor to stop calling him 'my lord.' "Shall I have Lisondrë write up a list?" Erestor inquired in a detached tone, his dark brown eyes looking blankly at Elrond. Apparently Erestor had…warmed…to the assistant Elrond had ordered him to get. At least he wasn't still protesting about it. "If you have time," Elrond agreed. "But if not, just tell me." "I will do this as soon as possible," Erestor said, bowing slightly. He straightened, formal and remote, and added, "Do you need anything else, my lord?" Elrond mightily retained his sigh at the continued use of 'my lord,' but he shook his head. "No, that's all – for now. Thank you, Erestor." Erestor, oddly, didn't respond to the gratitude, but rather nodded and reached for the door. Lord Elrond stepped back, and Erestor shut the door. A glimpse of his unemotional, distant, pale face, framed by hair dark as midnight was all that Elrond saw, and then Erestor was gone. """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" That night, Glorfindel, changing into his night clothes, was dropping his tunic into the basket the dirty laundry went in when he felt something crinkle under his fingers. Confusion marring his brow, the Balrog-slayer paused, lifting his tunic and frowning at it in puzzlement. He saw a slight indent in the pocket, and then he remembered. Ah, the letter! Erestor's assistant – Lisondrë, that was her name – had given it to him. She had…found it in a drawer of Erestor's desk? That was odd, Glorfindel thought, pulling the creamy white envelope out of the pocket and dropping the tunic. Erestor didn't seem like one to write something when he could just say it right out in front of someone. Just thinking about Erestor right now sent a pang of shame through his heart. He wished he knew what he could do to show the adviser that he really did regret what he had done, but…Erestor would barely even look at him now, much less talk to him. What was this letter, then? Glorfindel read his name of the front, and he knew that it hadn't been written less than four days ago – before all of this started, Erestor's broken wrist, the teasing yesterday morning, the…argument. They had plenty of arguments, most quite fierce, but none had been such as awful as this last one. That one had seemed like if Glorfindel didn't make it up somehow, then he really was going to lose a close friend. And for what? A misunderstanding? Well, it may not have been a misunderstanding, just miscommunication and all of that. It was fine, though. Glorfindel would continue apologizing – every day, if need be – and eventually, Erestor would succumb and they would be friends again. But this letter. This strange…letter. That was first. He needed to read that. Padding toward the closest item he could flop down on – which fortunately happened to be his soft bed – he rested against the pillows and worked the flap of the envelope open. The gumming holding it shut stuck to his fingers, and Glorfindel made a disgusted face. If there was one thing in this side of the world he hated, it was sticky, nasty things that were hard to come undone. Finally, he got it open, and he pulled the two sheets of paper out. Two? It must not be a very long letter, then. Glorfindel opened the thrice-folded papers and began reading. He had to stop two times and stare at the wall opposite him, uncertainty and a dawning self-horror marring his brow, but he finally finished. Then he read it again, and for the third time, he read it over, this time his hands shaking ever-so-slightly. At last, he dropped the papers and they fluttered to his chest. He lay there for a long while, reclining tensely against his pillows, then he released a long sigh and spoke, quietly, sadly. "I believe…I may have made a mistake." This is the fourth part of the Revenge series! It continues in Mistakes, Apologies, and Stubborness , which is the fifth part of the Revenge series. And in case you're wondering just what was in that letter Glorfindel read, I've posted it under the title A Letter To Glorfindel . Pretty self-explanatory, but please check it out!