just replaced the cork and bent down to fill the second when he felt the evil presence return. It flew into his face and though there was no physical contact, he fell backward, landing hard on the rocky bottom. Water flowed over him, filling his mouth and nose, but he quickly regained his feet, sputtering and coughing. He grabbed at the water skin before it was washed away, then looked around warily for the spirit. It attacked immediately, swirling about his head, disorienting him, seeking for some vulnerability so it could attack his mind. He tried to move to the shore, but the assault on his senses threw off his balance, and he tumbled into the water again. He surfaced, gasping for air, and the assault on his mind resumed. He was nearly in a panic, resorting to striking at it with his hands and the waterskin he held, even though he knew that the blows would only tire him and yet pass right through his foe. The words of his teachers echoed in his mind then: You must fight smart, Elrohir. Sword against sword, but even then the wit and mind are what win the battle . He forced his hands to his sides and stood still, willing his feet to stay under him. Directing all of his mental energy to the spirit, he commanded, "Leave me!" The spirit backed away slightly, but it projected its hatred and anger toward him. It was not defeated. Elrohir knew he was vulnerable in the water, for the spirit was taking advantage of his physical limitations. He need to get on the bank. "What do you want?" he demanded. The spirit laughed, the sound hideous to Elrohir's soul. I want your body, elf. I will have it for my own , it answered soundlessly. It began to move closer, more menacing and horrible now that its intentions were known. Elrohir nearly lost his balance. Horror filled him. He had heard tales as an elfling of houseless spirits seeking to regain a body by forcing an elf's fëa from the body to which it had been born. He had thought them stories only, or perhaps a truth, but one from an ancient time. He thought to the training he had received as a healer, of the skills his father had taught him to protect his mind and reserve his strength. He used that now, putting forth all the power of his mind outside himself while guarding his own soul behind the protections he had built and devised under Elrond's tutelage. The spirit recoiled at the force of the attack, yet Elrohir knew it was a temporary reprieve. The spirit was undaunted, merely drawing back to seek a weakness in his defense. Suddenly, a golden light bathed him and when he looked up, he saw a shining white figure. "Glorfindel!" he cried. Glorfindel scooped him up from the water as if he were an elfling and set him on the bank. He heard words spoken, words of great authority and power, but understood little of them. The spirit fled, cowed, and Glorfindel faded to his normal radiance and bent over him. "Elrohir! Speak to me," he commanded. "I am uninjured!" gasped Elrohir. He clung to the hand Glorfindel offered him. Glorfindel blew out a breath of relief and sat down upon the bank beside him. "It wanted my body," he added in disbelief. Glorfindel bowed his head for a moment, breathing heavily, then turned piercing eyes upon Elrohir. "Is this what you encountered in the forest?" Elrohir nodded. "Possibly in the village as well, but I am less certain of that." Glorfindel seemed to grow in stature, and anger emanated from him. "We must return to camp. You are not to leave my presence, Elrohir, for any reason." He stood and offered a hand to Elrohir, pulling him to his feet. "I want to hear everything you have experienced. Leave out no detail, no matter how inconsequential it may seem to you." Elrohir fell into step beside him, the water skins still clutched in his hands. He realized suddenly that the night had grown silent. Not a cricket was chirping, or a frog making its deep throated call. That ominous silence was broken moments later by a mournful howl. They entered their camp and Elrohir was surprised to see that there was no fire burning. Only a wisp of smoke remained. Glorfindel studied the blackness of night for a moment, then rekindled the fire and set their dinner to cooking. Elrohir had begun to shiver in his wet clothing, despite the warmth of the night. He pulled dry clothes and a blanket from his pack and quickly changed, then wrapped the blanket around his shoulders. He sat down beside Glorfindel, who handed him the flask of Miruvor. Elrohir tasted it gladly, feeling his father's healing flow through him. "Tell me everything," said Glorfindel. Glorfindel's words were spoken with an undercurrent of the same power and authority that Elrohir had heard earlier, and Elrohir was reminded once more who this elf was. He began to tell his tale. When he had finished and Glorfindel's questions had ended, Elrohir was weary. He had drained himself in the battle with the spirit, more than he had first realized, and the day's earlier sorrows still weighed upon him. He leaned back against a log, intending to rest for only a moment. He suddenly realized his eyes had drifted closed and he sat up abruptly. "I must rest, if only for a few minutes, before my watch begins," he yawned. Glorfindel had been staring out at the night sky, deep in thought. He turned to Elrohir and his face softened. "I am sorry, elfling. Sleep and do not be afraid. I think I understand what it is we face, and it will not bother you again while I am near." Elrohir had no chance to speak, for Glorfindel's hand came down lightly upon him and he fell into sleep.