invade Gondorians: shoot them Gandalf: Pippin! Go back to the Citadel! Pippin: But I want to fight! Goblins: kill maim wound Gandalf: smack smack stab swish Pippin: wets pants Goblins: stab slash bang Gandalf: block defend kill smack Goblin: sneaks up behind him Pippin: stabbity Gandalf: Well…um…back up the Citadel, anyway. Random Field In Between Rohan and Gondor Merry: Look, my Lady, I know I'm a simple Hobbit and all that, but you're this gorgeous Rohirrim lady and you've got a lot to live for. Alls I want to do is live up to my friends. Eowyn: I want to DIE. Merry: Well, um. Minas Tirith Denethor: leads a funeral procession Pippin: follows Denethor: There is no more hope for Gondor. A Flower: blossoms on the White Tree Denethor: No tomb for Denethor and Faramir. Time to die like the heathen kings of old. Bring wood and oil. The Gate: is destroyed Orcs: invade Denethor: Faramir is burning. Already burning. Pippin: HE'S NOT DEAD, YOU IDIOT. Denethor: I release you from your service. Go now and die in what way seems best to you. POUR OIL ON THE WOOD! Pippin: searches for Gandalf Gondorians: retreat Women: scream Orcs: kill maim pillage destroy Pippin: Gandalf! Denethor has lost his mind! He's gonna burn Faramir alive! Gandalf: rides with Pippin to help Witch King: I keel you and your staff! Gandalf: Dammit! Witch King: No man can kill me! Gandalf: Great. Pelennor Fields Rohirrim: arrive Witch King: flies away Eowyn: is scared Orcs: wait for Theoden to give an inspiring speech Theoden: gives an inspiring speech Rohirrim: Death! Eowyn: has really small teeth Merry: Death! Eowyn: Death! Rohirrim: attack Orcs: fire at will Will: dies Rohirrim: run over the Orcs Orcs: Run away! Run away! Funeral Room Denethor: covers himself and Faramir in oil Faramir: flinches Denethor: Set a fire in our flesh. Four Gondorians: approach the wood Gandalf: arrives Denethor: glowers Gandalf: Stay this madness! Denethor: lights fire Faramir: breathes Gandalf: knocks Denethor over again Pippin: jumps off horse and pushes Faramir through the flames onto the floor Denethor: attacks Pippin Pippin: wets pants Gandalf: knocks Denethor into the flames Faramir: wakes up Denethor: Faramir! Denethor: goes up in smoke Gandalf: So passes Denethor, son of Ecthelion. Pelennor Fields Eomer: kill slash wound kill Theoden: kill slash wound kill Eowyn: kill slash wound kill Merry: stabbity Theoden: Make safe the city! Audience: Like Yoda you speak! Mercenaries: attack Rohirrim: charge Eomer: brings down two elephants with a single spear thrust Eowyn: takes down another elephant Another elephant: is killed Eowyn and Merry: are separated Eowyn: defends Theoden Theoden: is impressed Merry: kicks ass at killing Witch King: attacks Theoden Theoden: wets pants Witch King: Feast on his flesh. Eowyn: I will kill you if you touch him. Witch King: Do not come between the Nazgul and his prey. Eowyn: beheads Nazgul Witch King: Fine, come between the Nazgul and his prey. Clearly, we need a new approach. So. Here's my super-cool mace. Eowyn: Crap. Witch King: swings Eowyn: jumps away Witch King: swings Eowyn: ducks Witch King: swings Eowyn's Shield: is destroyed Eowyn: falls back, hurt Witch King: chokes Eowyn Merry: stabbity Witch King: drops Eowyn Merry: Ow my stabbing arm owowow! Witch King: Still. No man can kill me. Eowyn: takes off helmet, revealing gorgeous long blonde locks that I envy Eowyn: I am no man. Witch King: Crap. Eowyn: stabbity Witch King: shrivels up and dies. Eowyn: Owie my arm! Orc: attacks Eowyn Aragorn: kill slash maim destroy Legolas: My spider senses helped me kill that elephant! The Day: is saved Aragorn: looks angsty Eowyn: finds Theoden Theoden: I know your face. Eowyn, right? I'm dying. Eowyn: No. No. I'm going to save you. Theoden: You already did. All Eyes: are wet Theoden: dies Eowyn: is speechless The Houses of Healing Eowyn: is healing Faramir: is healing Eowyn: is depressed Faramir: is in the Garden Eowyn: is brought before Faramir Faramir: falls in love Eowyn: I want to go join the battle at the Black Gate of Mordor so I can die next to my Lord Aragorn. Faramir: is in love Eowyn: So can I go? Faramir: NO! Because…um…that's not in my power to grant. Eowyn: Well…my window looks west instead of East, and I want to watch the battle progress. Faramir: I can totally give you that. Eowyn: Thanks! Faramir: is in love Eowyn: So…can I go now? Faramir: No! Because…in return, you have to walk and talk with me in the garden every day. Eowyn: Why? Faramir: Because you're hot. Eowyn: Crap. Faramir: is in love The Gardens Faramir: Here's this gorgeous shiny blue mantle with silvery stars on it. Eowyn: Thanks! Faramir: It was my mother's. Eowyn: Crap. Faramir: is in love They: watch the battle progress while the wind weaves their hair together, raven and gold Otherwhere The Ring: is destroyed The Day: is saved The People: are happy Gollum: is dead Eomer: is leaving Eowyn: doesn't go with him The Gardens Faramir: has left the Houses of Healing Eowyn: is alone Faramir: What's up with that? Eowyn: Uh…nuthin'. Faramir: Look, there's one of two reasons you're not leaving with your brother to go home. One is that you're in love with Aragorn. The other is that you're in love with me. Which is it? Eowyn: is silent Faramir: is in love Eowyn: I do not desire to be queen any longer. Faramir: Well, good thing, because I'm not gonna be King. Eowyn: is in love Faramir: kisses her on top of the wall where everyone can see The Gondorians: are happy Eowyn and Faramir: are in love E/F shippers: kill Eowyn and steal David Wenham for themselves The Author: apologizes and removes that last sentence The Huge Stone Courtyard Gandalf: crowns Aragorn Aragorn: gives a boring speech about humility and unity Everyone: applauds Eowyn and Faramir: smile at each other Aragorn: tongues Arwen Sam: marries Rosie Frodo: is jealous Everyone: lives happily ever after