strip. Elves weren't ashamed of their bodies but Legolas was a little uneasy. He had seen what Men could do, had seen Durban do so to the other slaves and he watched Irvin carefully, though he did not think he would try anything with his wife around. Legolas shuddered in revulsion when Irvin's eyes travelled down his body. He stepped back in alarm when Irvin moved closer and Irvin seemed to notice because he frowned, not bothering to hid his annoyance. "I will not harm you. I was merely looking over your wounds." Legolas felt relief rush through his body but he didn't completely let his gaurd down as the Man stepped closer to him. He felt oddly exposed but the man gave him no more than a glance before motioning to the tub. The water had cooled some so it didn't burn his skin but it was still hot. The open wounds burned slightly but the bruises and his muscles started to relax and loosen. "Here." The man said suddenly and Legolas looked over at him. He was walking toward him with a armful of little bottle like things. "This is conditoner. This is shampoo, put it in your hair before the conditioner. This is my wife's favorite soap," As the man spoke he lined the flat rim of the tub with the bottles, "and this is something or another my wife uses after she uses soap. Don't ask me, I'm not sure." Afterwards he walked back over to the steel table and leaned against it. Legolas took his time while bathing, after deciding that the Man did not desire him in such a way. The bathroom door opened again a half an hour later, and Lady Amelia came in. She had a pair of leggings in her hand and handed them to her husband who put them on the steel table. "The healer is in the guest room, where you will be sleeping tonight and food is just about done. Clothes are set out on the bed in the guest room where you'll find the rest of your clothes. I assumed you wouldn't want to get undressed after you've dressed fully so you can put the rest on after you've seen the healer." She spoke in common tongue, presumely so she wouldn't have to repeat it to her husband. "Thank you." Legolas said softly and she nodded, smiling a little sadly as she left the room. The healer was a woman in her late sixties. Her hair was grey and braided down her back and she had a mischievous glint in her twinkling light blue eyes. "I heard you gave Durban and his men quite the hard time, what with killing Donavin and all" she didn't wait for him to answer before contiuning, "Ya took quite a bruisin there, didn't ya? Well, no worries, I'll have you patched up in no time." Legolas felt his lips twitch and felt strangely happy with the woman rambling on. "Ya know, your quite the looker. Why if I was but twenty years younger, you'd be in more trouble then you could handle." She winked saucily and Legolas couldn't help the laugh that poured forth but she didn't seem offended. She just smiled and winked again. "Okay, your all fixed up. Now if you need anything else you can just stop and ask any of the gaurds, even if they're not the best of men to send for Ida Jean. They'll come get me, ya hear?" She told him and he smiled a real smile for the first time since he was captured, and nodded. The older woman had such a powerful presence, and great personality that he got the feeling it was impossible to be the slightest bit upset around her. "My lady," he began but she cut him off. "Now, now...there's no need to be so formal! You can call me sweetie," she winked again, "Or Ida if you'd perfer." He bit back a laugh, "Okay, Ida. Would you tell me about the King?" He asked suddenly turning serious. He had tried not to think about it, since he was finally in a place where he didn't have to be so on his guard but he had a feeling that tomorrow that would change. The older woman became serious as well, her eyes losing some of that twinkle. She sat down on the bed and sighed deeply, "Normally I would tell you that he was a great king and that'd be the end of it, but I have a feeling you have a real reason for asking. He is a good King. But he isn't a very happy or likeable person. Not to say he's bad, though. No...he's not bad. He's just cold. Cold as ice to most people and unwilling to bend even a little once his minds made up. But you could ask everyone in Minas Trith what he's like and each would have a different answer to give you. Your just gonna have to find out for yourself if you ever met him." She told him and Legolas nodded. It didn't help much, but if she said he wasn't an evil man then he was inclined to believe her. The way she said he was cold as ice though...she had sounded as if she had first hand experience with it. He would have questioned her further but something in her eyes asked him not to. He concluded that he liked her much better when she wasn't being solemn and quickly turned the conversation to other things. He learned that Irvin was her grandson and that she had three great grandchildren, two twin boys, six, and one girl, four. Her husband was killed when she was twenty and she hadn't married again, though according to her she had a few 'dalliances' that had never quite worked out. By the time he went to sleep that night, he had decided that while not all Humans were bad, most were.