so clearly he should be able to feel with his hand because his hand was perfectly good and functioning. Except it wasn't. His logic was perfect. What was wrong with Aragorn's, then? "I think so." "Mm, I must be lowering my standards." Hand. "A shame, that is, a downright shame." Hand! "Well, apparently, you are sleeping with Lady Eowyn on the side." "Ah, yes, blonde, handsome Eowyn. We should invite her down in the spring," Aragorn said. "A drink in honor of her pretty face and her clever conversation." My Eru, hand! "And her incredibly thin waist," Legolas amended. "To a woman with a figure like my glass." Aragorn smirked. "A toast!" They toasted. Legolas finished his Adonis. "I think that is enough for one night." "It's the middle of the afternoon," Aragorn grumbled. "Yes and I've just had what? Four, five cocktails?" Legolas screwed up his face trying to remember. "One past sober." "That sounds about right." Aragorn started fiddling with his purse. To Legolas's relief, this involved both his hands. Legolas leaned as far over the wall as he could without actually falling. "For years, I thought this wall was here to stop people from falling to their deaths, but all it does is add to the thrill of the view, really." "Long drop, short wall, distracting view. Ah, the stories these rocks could tell." Aragorn patted the rocks affectionately. There was a pause. Aragorn peered down the sheer drop. "Is that a blood stain I see?" "No, Aragorn, I think that's just some sort of fungus or variation in the rock. After all, a person would fall down, not down and then sideways," Legolas said, looking at the spot. "You're so logical, Legolas. It really is your best trait." "Another for the long list of reasons why no respectable elf glances twice at me. Thank you, Aragorn. You've just made my day." "I didn't mean it that way," Aragorn said apologetically. It took Legolas a moment to realize he had snapped at Aragorn. "I'm sorry," he mumbled, turning away from the suddenly gloomy view. He hated that things changed with one's outlook. "I am logical." "Oh, but it isn't your best quality, Legolas. I was wrong. That," Aragorn said, "is your humility." "As the most logical elf in these parts, humility really comes in handy when my ego gets bloated." "I have nightmares involving your ego, Legolas. Its this huge monster of a thing --reminds me of the balrog a bit-- and it chases me around and pins me against a wall and, then, instead of swift death, it taunts me till morning." Aragorn sniffled pathetically. "It's brought on by Arwen's snoring I suppose. Or lack of healthy marital bedroom activities, your choice," Legolas diagnosed. "I'll go with the first. It sounds curable." "You should invite Eowyn down before the spring. A mistress might give you a good fucking and get rid of all the manly pent up anger," said Legolas. Aragorn, stunned, said, "Why wasn't I told elves used language like that?" "We say 'kiss' and 'touch', too, but only around people we want to impress with our worldliness." "Do you say things like this around Gimli also?" "If I impressed Gimli like that, people would talk even more," Legolas said. He paused. Legolas realized he had better start paying more attention to what his mouth was saying or it would go the same way his hand had. It did. Legolas's first thought was of course to simply step back and away, away from confusion, away from Aragorn, away from another mouth on his. Upon effecting this plan, he realized that the only thing between him and his death was a short stone wall that enhances without protecting. He also lost his footing. Quickly, before he could plummet to his death, he wrapped his arms around Aragorn's waist and leaned into him. Bad, bad idea. Aragorn, Legolas thought, had clearly misinterpreted this as a sign of affection, not preservation of life. One of Aragorn's hands was tangling itself in Legolas's hair. Damn hands! He sincerely hoped he was not mussing it. All Legolas needed was to be found kissing the King of Gondor and with his hair in a state of disarray. Legolas, ever thoughtful, decided to tell him so. So he opened his mouth. Tongue! Aragorn's tongue was in Legolas's mouth and first it was the hand and then the mouth and then the other hand and now his tongue and Aragorn was married and it was very, very wrong and Legolas was kissing back. He rather liked it. Aragorn, to Legolas's disappointment, pulled away. He looked over Legolas's shoulder at something straight ahead, something Legolas could not remember seeing. "No, no. I can't do this. We can't do this. I'm married. You're an elf." He glanced back at Legolas. "Please stop looking like a kicked puppy," he said quietly. Legolas rested his head on Aragorn's shoulder. "'M sorry." He ran a hand through Legolas's hair. "I shouldn't have started this. I--" "Then, can you shut up for a moment so I can enjoy it while it lasts?" Legolas snapped. In a moment of irritating irony, Legolas noted, the sun was setting. Legolas glared pointlessly at Aragorn's neck, noticing suddenly that he and the man and the wall and the castle beyond are bathed in a sunset's light. Sunsets, he thought, were for lovers kissing and happy fairy tale endings. This did not fit either of those situations. Legolas could have hit something and might have hit Aragorn if he had not spoken then. "Sorry," Aragorn said sadly. There was a silence. "Damn logic elf." "Stupid overly romantic man." "Is that my best quality, then?" "No, it is your best fault." "If romance with you is a fault, I can only dream of what you must think my virtues are." "They are not nearly so charming." "I love you." "Really?" "Really." "Really, truly?" "Really, truly." Silence. "Really, truly," he paused at an imagined precipice, "singularly."