vaults hidden in grayish mist. He knew not how long he was sitting there for, he wasn't even sure there was such thing as "time" in Namo's halls. Suddenly, he rather guessed than heard the movement behind him and turned around. Two figures materialized from thin air and the elf narrowed his eyes, gazing at them. The first creature was Nienna, her facial expression unreadable, and the other one was a tall person clothed in black, with black hair barely reaching his shoulders, grey eyes sharp and secured firmly on Haldir's face. The Eldar guessed it was the Master of the Halls, the Vala called Namo himself. Haldir fell on his knees and bowed his head, showing respect for the two Vala. - Haldir Mithaelinion, - the man's low voice echoed in the Halls. – We have read your fate, and it has already come true. We cannot let you go without a reasonable excuse, - the way Namo emphasized the word "reasonable" made Haldir fear the worst. - But… - Nienna's melodic voice filled the pause and the elf looked up at her. – Legolas Thranduilion's destiny has no words of an early death. And the path he has stepped on after your decease leads to nothing but it. He is fading, and if we want to spare him, we should let you go, – she smiled and looked at his brother. – That is a reasonable excuse, Namo. The man looked highly displeased with the perspective of violating the rules set by Eru, but Manwё said that in this case, letting the Eldar go would cause more benefit than harm, and Namo obeyed. - You are given a great gift, Eldar. You must treasure it, - he said in severe tone of voice. Haldir bowed his head again. - Thank you, my Lord, - he exclaimed, not fully believing this was happening to him. He was coming back! Haldir looked up at smiling Nienna. - Thank you, my Lady, - he breathed. She nodded approvingly and that was the last thing he saw before the Halls started spinning and suddenly vanished in blinding light. -:- -:- -:- Just then, on the graveyard, Haldir's body in its white coffin upholstered with red silk shone brightly before scattering to millions of tiny sparks, which faded away a few seconds later. -:- -:- -:- Galadriel raised her head from the book she was reading in their bedroom, gazing at the window. Light curtains moved slightly from the touch of wind. - What is it? – Celeborn looked up at her from papers on his desk. Lady of Light returned the look, a small smile spreading across her face. - He has returned, - she whispered, her eyes shining with mirth. -:- -:- -:- When the blinding light slowly disappeared, Haldir opened his eyes and sat up, looking around. He recognized the place near the bathing pond, a place not far from talan where he and Legolas – lived? used to live? The elf stood up and looked over himself. He was wearing the same white clothing he wore in Mandos; neither his own clothing nor his wound have returned, and he was especially grateful for the latter. He breathed the chilly night air and smiled. He will still have to explain that somehow to the Lord and the Lady. Galadriel might know already though. Maybe tomorrow he will go to them, but not now; now he had much more important things to do. Haldir sighed heavily as he climbed up the mellorn and stood in front of the door leading to their dwelling, unsure what he would see behind it. Ever so slowly, he pushed the door open and stepped inside soundlessly, closing it behind him. He looked up to see the familiar form covered by blankets. He froze in his place, listening until his hearing registered the sound of soft breathing. He is alive, Haldir thought and his heart ached with sorrow and love. Careful not to disturb the sleeping elf, Haldir neared the bed and slid under the covers next to Legolas. The young Sinda stirred and moved closer instinctively, breathing in the other's scent. Cautiously, Haldir wrapped one arm around the elf and pulled him closer, resting his chin upon his forehead. Legolas nestled his head in the crook between Haldir's neck and left shoulder, for it was the place where he felt most secured, breathing warmly against his collarbone. Haldir felt one slender arm slide around his waist, and considering the unsure way it moved, he guessed it was injured. The material of bandage, somewhat rougher than the tunic's fabric, confirmed his guess. The elf swallowed thickly as he pulled the other even closer, realizing how much he missed him. Haldir felt Legolas stirring again and relaxed his grip, scared that he might have woken him up. He felt the elf taking a deep breath and exhaling tiredly before he heard the prince's cracked voice. - Haldir? – the elf murmured against the fabric of the Lorien child's robe. - It is I, - he whispered. - I must be dreaming, - Legolas stated sadly after a short pause. The way he spoke convinced Haldir that he was indeed not far from sleeping. - Yes. Sleep, - he coaxed the other elf tenderly, lips pressed against his hairline. Silence fell upon them, and Haldir has already thought that the Sinda has drifted off, when the latter stirred again and spoke up bitterly. - I miss you, - he murmured sleepily and gave another long breath before finally relaxing in Haldir's embrace and giving in to sleep. - I miss you too, - he smiled against the other's head before placing a kiss there and drifting off to sleep as well. Tomorrow will be a long day, he thought with contentment. To the rainbow over your heart Nimdael Mithaelin -:- -:- -:- So, that was it. If you have anything to say, you know what to do :)