squeezing his eyes shut as he savoured the sensation of Legolas' hands massaged his muscles, aching from the spasms of his stomach. "It is alright, you are alright, come on now," Legolas murmured, and his hands hooked under Aragorn's arms to help him to his feet. They made their way towards the bed, and Aragorn collapsed down into it with a groan of self pity, as Legolas went to shut the curtains. The thick, heavy material blocked out all the light from outside, and the room was soon plunged into darkness. But when he moved to leave, Aragorn's moan summoned him back, and he patted the bed beside him as a summons, which Legolas was not about to decline. Aragorn was able to sink back into Legolas' tight hold, though the elf brought the blankets up around them with one hand to surround them in warmth. As if he needed it with Legolas there… but it was very, very pleasant all the same. No one else he had ever been held by had ever matched up to Legolas in that area, no one could make him feel so safe, so wanted, almost needed when he was the one who needed the comfort. It did not make sense, but it did not need to. It was perfection just like this. Moving one hand up to Aragorn's thick, slightly damp hair, Legolas began to thread his fingers through it, knowing exactly how much the human liked having his hair played with, which exact spots he wanted to be massaged, where he should pull the hair just a little… Aragorn was already melting at the touches, tension melting out of his limbs as he snuggled backwards against Legolas' chest. He knew that this was where he wanted to be, there was no one else for him. Abruptly, he blurted out, "Elladan and Elrohir made love to me last night." Legolas stiffened, his hand freezing, and suddenly Aragorn was regretting his words. Not because the hand in his hair stopped moving, but because he had upset Legolas. In a choked voice, Legolas asked, "Why did you tell me this? I do not want to know… but… how could you think…" He paused, swallowed, and then continued, "Are you going back to them? Because they probably would not appreciate my being in the same bed as you. And… they are your brothers Aragorn, I can not say that I think it the most… the wisest course of action." "I just… I do not… No I am not going back to them, it was just the one night, and I was drunk and did not know what I was doing. And all I wanted to do was to come here, Legolas. This is where I come when I am feeling upset or ill or… because you make me feel better. No one else does," Aragorn could not control the words, did not know where they were coming from, but every one of them was true. And it felt so good to have them out in the open. "You are always there for me, and you loved me. And I love you." Sighing, Legolas knew that the human meant as friends, and he wanted to close his eyes in surrender. But he would not, damnation. "Yes I love you, and that is why I worry about you. You do not know how much I love you." His last sentence was a whisper, but he knew full well that Aragorn would hear every one of his words. Even if he was not sure he wanted him to. Aragorn snorted, "No, you don't know how much I love you, Legolas." The words were barely a breath on the wind, but Legolas heard him. Of course he heard him. Tears were rising to the human's eyes at the silence behind him, and he was hurting and maybe he ought to just go back to sleep. Then he could forget, and everything would be gone, just for a little while. But Legolas' arms tightened suddenly around him, and Aragorn was turned onto his back. And Legolas' lips were against his, and then his weight was on top of him, and fever took over Aragorn, as he pressed upwards into Legolas' kiss, as though terrified Legolas would pull away and leave him. And then the elf's lips parted and a wonderfully sweet tongue twined with Aragorn's, only Legolas slid away too quickly. Aragorn moaned, and it only made Legolas grin. "How long have you felt like this?" he asked. "So long and yet not long enough," Aragorn confessed, "What about you?" "For even longer than you, eternally it feels like. And I expect to love you for a whole lot longer," Legolas whispered. No one else now, though, just the two of them. There would be no heirs for Gondor, because they had been selfish. And that was alright. Sometimes it was good to be, sometimes they needed to be, and after all that the couple had done for the rest of their world, they deserved the chance. They were in a place where they wanted to be forever, in love, with each other, and their love was eternal, far more than love-making could ever be. That was what counted. A/N: Well that was a fun journey, wasn't it boys and girls? Sorry for all those who have been waiting for updates for the other fics I have going, whether it be Torchwood, Harry Potter or LOTR, I will try and get back to them as soon as I can, but I have a ton of school work on, and then actual work and then on top of that all the family stuff I'm trying to deal with. Ask Lauren, she'll back me up at how busy I am at the moment. She has to put up with me and my rants each night, and she is forever loved for it. Among other things. Anyway, let me know what you thought! Please?