three of my ribs broken for refusing to eat that night. My legs suffered the most; as the only things free, they were the only things I could attack with and therefore snapped more times than I cared to count. Words had a lot of effect too: having once informed an orc what he surely must have known, that he was the most dirt-ugly thing I had ever seen, he informed me very coolly that he was to be the last thing I ever saw. A knife across the eyes rapidly followed. I refused to plead. I had seen the others submit and beg for the end and was determined not to allow them to see me do the same. When Dilyed died, it was my duty to instil some sort of hope in the others, as they would become shells, husks of beings. Slyera's presence next to me made me determined not to permit that to happen to the others. Perhaps if the torment had continued, I would have conceded to beg, to ask for release. But after that first time I remained silent during penetration, and attacked them with all I had before and after. Freedom came one day after I spat at one of the Generals, on his way to Erelin I had grown very accurate in the dark. Practice made perfect. That had made him furious. Yet I was silent as his studded leather belt shredded my back into a thousand scarlet pieces. My hands bled with the force I dug my nails into them – I had long since learnt that distracted pain was better at keeping me silent than most else. Legolas had chided me more than once for my stubbornness. At the point where I was seriously beginning to wonder if I would be able to lie on my back in the next month, there was a clattering in the doorway. The general paused. "What?" "Attackers." One word. That was all it took for painfully pure hope to leap in my throat. Please. Please Valar. Be Legolas. Be my love. Laughter, as hysterical as Collel's tended to be, bubbled from my throat. I needed this to be true. But this den was a rabbit's women, so many twists and turns and so many inhabitants. "We are not saved yet," Bruthil warned. "Not yet. But we will be," I replied, somewhat harshly. His depressing thoughts undid much of my hard work to remain positive, but I knew how much he had been through: His wife and daughter had been captured with him and were not more. "We will see the sun again," enthused Tingela, then immediately corrected herself. "Sorry Estel." "I am content to feel that warmth, I promise." There were shouts from down the corridor, the clang of iron against iron, coming closer until… "Aragorn! Aragorn!" "Aragorn!" My name came reverberating off the walls of the caves and when I tried to call out to my elf; I found that my voice failed. It was too used to whispers, for we were not truly permitted to speak. There was a murmur of confusion, questioning who 'Aragorn' was, until I finally found my voice, and bellowed my husband's name. A moment later, cautious hands stroked along my skin; my wrists, my cheek, my hair, everywhere Legolas could touch without causing me pain. "Oh love. What have they done to you?" he breathed. That was him; that was my Legolas' voice. I reached up, searching in the dark for his face. I could feel my hand trembling. I wanted to see him. I wanted to see his beautiful blue eyes. I wanted to see him. My hand encountered smooth cool skin, soft through my hands were no doubt filthy. Hot liquid reached my fingertip and it took a moment for me to understand that it was a tear. "Do not cry, meleth," I pleaded. "You are here. You found me." A beat, the sound of Legolas swallowing dryly, and the voice so sweet I had almost forgotten it told me. "I will get you and the others out of here. Stay there." I did not see it necessary to remind him that I had little choice. His voice had trembled. 000 He carried me out of that hellhole, that sweet elf who loved me, ever so careful and apologetic of each brush and scrape which was inevitable in those tiny tunnels. I had tried to walk myself, but my much abused legs would not support even my reduced weight for more than a few steps. I had known this to be true already: when I knelt for whipping it had to be on my hands and knees, or clinging to the wall by my fingertips to drag myself upright. From that stinking darkness, which reeked all the more from the scattered bodies which made Legolas' progress slow. Then we come towards a tunnel which led outside: I could feel the rush of cool, clean air and the heat of the sun brushing my cheeks. And it was so good. Hands careful of my torn back, Legolas lowered me to the floor. There, with grass under me, and Legolas' woollen cloak would around me, enveloping me in heat and his scent, he murmured to me. "Aragorn; you are outside now. You can open your eyes now." When I told him that I could not, I think it hurt him more than it hurt me. A/N: I shouldn't have written this. It was wrong. But I do so two weeks before my first exam because it was more interesting than learning Othello quotes, or how aerobic respiration works or… God forbid… Anything to do with chemistry. Also the Faustus quote "Ugly hell gape not" is my favourite after, "If I had as many souls as stars, I'd give them all for Mephistopheles." Sorry that the fic is fragmentary. My first person stuff always is. So what do you think? More broken!Aragorn angst? Though it might switch POVs…