face against the filly's forehead. "Oh please!" She turned her eyes upon her father, but he was already nodding. "Let her have the horse, my love. It will teach her much responsibility." He nodded to where Legolas sat, looping his arms around the colt;s neck. "She will need such skills." Her father gave her mother a look Cellinn did not understand. "And I can have Gondram?" Legolas asked looking up at the king with his arms still around the colt's neck. Thranduil nodded with a laugh. "Is that what you will call him? Gondram?" "Well," Legolas snickered, "he has a head as hard as a rock!" They all laughed, and then the king looked at Cellinn. "And what will you name this lovely lady? She will be a beautiful gray like her dam when she gets older." She thought for a minute, and then noted again the tiny white star on the filly's forehead. "Ithildin," she decided, "because she will shine like the moon or a star." She stroked the tiny muzzle, marveling at how soft it was. The filly closed her eyes and let her head drift down when Cellinn's fingers moved to rub the tiny ears. Something plopped into her lap, and she reached down to move it away, but instead of a branch or flower, her fingers encountered cool, bumpy skin. She looked down, blinked at the toad in her lap, and screamed. She jumped up, but Legolas was already running, scattering the mares and foals as he headed for the tree line, laughing as he went. Making sure the toad was no where near her feet, she planted her hands on her hips and stared after him. "Legolas Thranduilion! I am never speaking to you again!" An hour later, she plopped down beside him, the offense forgiven and her anger forgotten. She laid her head on his shoulder, giggling as the foals nuzzled her hair. Cellinn wiped the tears that had slipped unbidden down her cheeks with a handkerchief her mother insisted she always have on hand, and stood. She glanced back once more to where Legolas had stood, but his absence, his uncharacteristic giving up, emboldened her. With determination, she continued down the garden path to the group of young ladies and tried not to wince at Ninglorwen's patronizing welcome. Somehow she would endure the giggling and chattering, and even Ninglorwen's disdainful looks. Maybe she would even come to enjoy their company, though she doubted it. -o- Legolas ran towards the fast-flowing creek, stopping when he reached a large oak tree, and pausing only then to shimmy up it and settle into the large crook created by three large branches meeting at the trunk, making a safe place for two to sit in comfort. He drew his knees up to his chest, resting his folded arms across them and releasing a sigh. But sitting there alone felt wrong. This was their tree. They had discovered it, and its hidden crook, as small elflings scarcely big enough to climb into it. Many hours they had spent here, coming almost every day, laughing and talking, sitting and just watching the stream flow by, sharing secrets and comforting each other through childhood sorrows. She should be here laughing at him as he told jokes or tossed acorns at unsuspecting elves who wandered by. But she was not, so he buried his face in his arms and sulked, allowing all the emotions to swirl inside him. He was coming to understand his heart — feelings he had long felt but not truly understood. They had motivated his actions, caused him to do things to gain her attention. And for what? It had all gained him nothing. She would no longer be a part of his life. The hurt within him turned to anger. He climbed down the tree and paused to run a finger over the roughly carved initials in the bark, marking the tree as theirs. He had carved them there when he was only a small boy, after obtaining the tree's permission. With determination, he pulled a small dagger from his belt, and touched the tree again. He shared his loss with the old oak and obtained the answer he needed. He scratched out the carved letters, apologizing to the tree as he did so. The tree whispered comfort to him, saddened that it might never see the two happy elves sitting amongst its limbs again. Its leaves rustled and the branches creaked in sorrow as he walked away. Guilt joined the hurt and anger in Legolas's heart. The tree would not see him again for some time. To Be Continued... Pronunciation Guide to Names All names are Sindarin and are pronounced according to the rules Tolkien laid down in his writings. Many thanks to Darth Fingon for his wonderful Sindarin name generator! I would be so lost without Pixellated Fëanor! Arandur (ar- AHN -doo r) 'king's servant' Cellinn ( KEHL -leen) 'running song' Eirien ( AIR -ee-ehn) 'daisy' Eitheliel (ay- THEHL -ee-ehl) 'well or spring (of water) daughter' 'Galass' ( GAH -lahss) 'plant' Cellinn's pet name for Legolas, a baby pronunciation with the added benefit of meaning something. Sometimes she calls him just Lass , 'leaf'. Gondram ( GOND -rahm) 'rock wall' Ithildin (ee- THEEL -deen) a substance made by the elves that mirrors moon and star light 'Linnaew' ( LEEN -eye) 'songbird' Legolas's pet name for Cellinn', sometimes just Linn , 'song'. ae is pronounced as a long 'i', like the word 'eye'. No one is really sure how to pronounce a 'w' at the end of a Sindarin word. Some think it is a 'oo' sound, so it could be a blended 'eye-oo' sound. Ninglorwen (neen GLOR wehn) 'golden water flower maiden'. A young lady of the court. Thranduil ( THRAN -doo eel) there is no attested meaning for this name. I leave it to the language experts to debate. Thank you for reading! Please take a moment to review. Reviews are my motivation!