her across the river to peace. She stood straight and tall upon the hill where she had plighted her troth and sealed her fate so many years before. Then, on that mound, she sank to her knees and then laid down upon it. There she lay, and finally her pride and stoicism failed, and tears slid down her cheeks. Celeborn could see her light begin to fade. Then Glorfindel materialized from the trees, and he went to her. Slipping an arm beneath her shoulders, he cradled her in his lap. She looked up at him and they heard her whisper, "It is time." Glorfindel kissed her brow. "Estel is waiting." He began to sing again, words of Men, words he did not understand, of promise and peace beyond the circles of the world. Arwen kept her eyes on Glorfindel, and then overcame her fear and doubt. "Estel," she breathed out. Her light departed, and Glorfindel's voice broke. He bowed his head over her as he wept. Celeborn bent beneath his grief for only a moment before he began to sing. He let go of his grandsons and walked forward, and heard their voices join his as they fell in step beside him. They mourned their loss, the trees joining them, but they did not sing of healing in Mandos' Halls or reunion at some future time. When they had finished the song, it was Elladan who began a new song, of the reunions she would find beyond the circles of the world, of freedom and of hope. They prepared her grave and wrapped her in her cloak, burying her where she had made her choice and appointed her fate. Then Celeborn looked upon Glorfindel and found him, for the first time in the millennia he had known the elf, at the end of himself. The long winter of waiting was a burden that had nearly broken him and he had finally grown weary of the world. And though he did not feel called West, Celeborn found he no longer wished to stay in Middle-earth. "It is time to go home." He watched the reaction of his grandsons. Elrohir's grief parted and he looked first west, and then at his twin. Elladan did not look at any of them. They began the journey south, skirting Ithilien and Minas Tirith, and heading for the havens at Dol Amorth. It was here that they had once spoken of building their ship and departing, as other elves had before them many years before. They found a message for them at the city gate. The followed the directions in the missive, and made their way to a lonely quay where a single ship was moored, out of sight of the rest of harbor. The note indicated that on board were the items the twins had asked to be held for them – portraits, letters and sketches chronicling the life of Arwen and Aragorn – a gift to their parents. Celeborn read the note and smiled. "My great-grandson is a good and wise man." "Did you expect less from the son of our sister and brother?" asked Elrohir, and it was the first he had smiled in months. Then he sighed and his smile faded, and he leaned against the rail of the ship. Celeborn followed Elrohir's gaze. He was watching his twin. Elladan was staring out to sea, lost in thought. Finally, he turned and walked back to them. Celeborn was struck by the intensity of the gaze he subjected Elrohir to, and he felt that something was happening between them. Elrohir did not blink or cow as Elladan's eyes grew dark and piercing, and for a moment it seemed as if Elladan grew in stature, until he was towering over Elrohir. It was as if Elladan's gaze stripped Elrohir bare. Elrohir's deep grief, his wounded fëa, and the sea longing that was battering him relentlessly were raw and open before them, and Celeborn had to restrain his hand, for he wished to reach out and provide relief. Yet he somehow knew that he and Glorfindel were witnesses to a spectacle playing out before them, as if on a stage, and they had no right to interfere. Then with a cry, Elladan tore himself away. He turned and walked swiftly up the pier and disappeared into the trees. Celeborn watched him, then spun back around as Glorfindel caught Elrohir as he fell. They lowered him to the wooden planks. Elrohir took several deep breaths, then accepted the water skin Glorfindel held out to him and drank. He was pale and beads of sweat shone on his forehead. He did not resist when Celeborn wetted his handkerchief and wiped his face. "What is it, Elrohir?" he asked in growing fear. Elrohir opened his eyes and to Celeborn's surprise, he had mastered himself. His gaze was unfathomable. "You and Glorfindel should board the ship and see that all is made ready to sail." Celeborn's hands trembled. "You are not coming?" Elrohir did not answer. He rose and steadied himself on Glorfindel's arm. "We will be back before nightfall," he finally said. On wooden legs, he walked to the end of the pier and disappeared, though he did not follow his twin. The sun was dipping into the sea when they returned. Elladan's face was resolute as he stepped aboard the ship. Elrohir followed more slowly, and to Celeborn's eye, he had grown more translucent. Elladan glanced at Elrohir with unguarded heart, and Celeborn read the depth of the love he bore for his twin, but also the depth of some greater sorrow. When Elrohir reached for the rope to release the ship, Elladan caught his arm and pushed him gently towards Glorfindel. Then he turned back to Celeborn and together they released the mooring lines and raised the sail. None saw their ship slip from the harbor, and they did not look back. oooOOOooo To be continued…… Thanks to daw the minstrel for beta reading this story.