everyone is taller than me and treat me like a child! If I was Dúnedain, I would be treated with respect like a grown-up." The dark-haired child stood up, brushing away the few strands of stray grass that had clung to her favorite light-blue gown, she crossed her small arms and sulked. Seeing her distress, Eldarion raised to his knees now at perfect eye level with her. "But look, Tinú, look, we ARE the same height!" He gave her one of his smoldering lop-sided grins which made her burst into a fit of giggles. He examined her quietly for a moment and then added, "You're the one who's lucky, Tinú. Even though the Dúnedain live long lives compared to men, you'll most likely outlive me and everyone else." He spoke the words without thinking and now deeply regretted it. His sister had a horror-filled expression marring her dainty porcelain-doll-like features. Hot tears ran down her cheeks and she burst in a mad run, sobbing. "I'm sorry, Tinú, I take it back!" he yelled in her direction. He sighed. Father would be having that discussion with him again. He kicked at the grass and rubbed his hand through his short hair. "The concept of immortality is not one easy to understand, especially for one so young as she." A tall elf dressed in greens and browns, approached Eldarion; a sad smile on his fair elven face. "Lord Legolas!" Eldarion exclaimed in joyful surprise. "You have arrived!" "Of course, I would not dare miss your 20th birthday." "I'm not certain I feel like celebrating any longer. I'm supposed to have matured and yet here I am, acting like a complete fool." "Do not fret, young prince of Gondor. I will go speak with your sister." "You won't tell father?" Legolas shook his head. "Thank you. I am in your debt!" Legolas smiled, the weight of his hand on his shoulder in show of comfort. "Nothing is more painful than outliving one's loved ones... it is yet the hardest pain the firstborn has to bear," the wood elf said softly, without reprimand. The young man tensed up at his words. Knowing what he said had sunk in, Legolas made his way deeper into Arwen's beautiful garden. Legolas easily tracked down the young elf, following the subtle signs of flattened grass and broken twigs. He was happy to be back in the majestic city of Minas Thirith to see his good friend King, Elessar. It had been ten years since he last was in Gondor and seeing Eldarion, now grown man, made him realise just how brief the life of the second born were. A pang of sadness squeezed his heart. One day he would have to say goodbye to his own closest friends. A feeling he would never get used to, even with over two millennia of experience. He halted in front of a tree, the sound of quiet sobbing came from it's leaves. Looking up, he spotted a white slipper and the hem of a blue dress. Last he had seen Tuilindil, she had been but a small toddler. Like all children of the Eldar, she was joyful, fair and happy. Her laughter was contagious and both Elessar and Arwen loved her like one of their own. "Greetings, friend!" he said in Sindarin cheerfully, "I seem to be lost, could you aid me?" A small heart-shaped face framed by long waves of dark hair peeked at him over the branch. She cocked her head to the side, "Do I know you?" "Perhaps. My name is Legolas. I am a close friend of your father King Elessar," " The Legolas of Mirkwood, who walked with the Fellowship of The Ring and destroyed Sauron?!" The sniffles had stopped. Legolas laughed, "The very same!" With a nimble grace, the elven girl made her way down the tree. Hanging from a low branch, she let herself freefall and Legolas deftly caught her around the waist. "You are an elf, like I!" the child's face was but mere inches from his, her grey eyes examining him over closely, "What beautiful, soft hair. It shines like the sun!" Her fingers traced his jawline, reaching his right ear; inspecting the pointed tip. "And you have hair that would rival Tinúviel's," Legolas grinned, brushing a dark strand that was obscuring her vision. She scrunched up her nose in distaste, "I don't like her, she's an elf." Legolas frowned in fake hurt, "It saddens me greatly that you dislike our kind so. I thought you and I were friends." Tuilindil stared at him shocked, her eyes wide. Small arms snaked around his neck and she embraced him tightly, "We ARE friends!" The sniffles began once more. "Dry your tears, Lirimaer . Your face is too sweet for such sadness. We have no control over what we are born as, you were born an elf as Arwen Undómiel was born an elf. Your brother and sisters were born as Dúnedain restored. But that does not lessen the love you share for each other." "Eldarion said that I would outlive everyone! I do not want that!" "Smile, Tuilindil, for, your loved ones are alive and well - they are with you now," he caught a tear drop from her skin with the back of his finger. "Treasure every moment and never resent who you are. We all are children of Eru; we have a destiny traced among the stars." "Your loved ones shall forever remain here..." The elven prince placed his open palm over her beating heart. The child stared at him, absorbing his every word. An adorable smile lit up her face, "Yes, you are right, friend Legolas. Thank you!" she pecked him on the cheek and freed herself from his hold. "Would you like to see my favorite hiding spot?" "I would like nothing more, friend…?" "Tinú." "Lead the way, friend Tinú." Tuilindil grabbed hold of Legolas' hand, pulling her new found friend along with her. (S) Lirimaer - Lovely one