Still, Legolas showed no signs of consciousness; no signs of improvement. By the time the evening meal came, Legolas' breaths were even more shallow, his heartbeat slower, and his fever higher. An hour later, Estel shot up, a panicked look in his eyes, "Ada, he's not breathing!" It had taken what had felt like hours but they had succeeded in getting him to breathe on his own again. Since this scare, Estel wouldn't move from the chair he had pulled up beside the young elf's bedside and he kept his fingers resting on his wrist for his pulse. Elrond had only left Legolas' chambers once after that and that was to retrieve more herbs that he hoped would help combat the poison. No one spoke, no one moved; the only sound was Legolas' shallow, wheezing breaths. This was how the night slowly passed and Legolas had only grown weaker, his fever impossibly higher. It had gotten to the point where the archer could no longer swallow the tea that Elrond prepared him, and they had had to painstakingly drip the liquid down his throat. The fear of Legolas' death was a palpable force within the room. Tears formed in Estel's eyes as he watched his friend deteriorate before him, helpless. He moved his other hand over Legolas', both hands resting on the blonde. He prayed this night wouldn't be his last—the last time he would see Legolas' sapphire eyes full of love and cheer, last time he would see his smile and laugh, the last time he would see him… He had known something was wrong. Legolas' form became blurry as he silently sobbed for his best friend. Hands were placed on each shoulder, giving him comfort. The man looked at Elladan and Elrohir, and didn't care that they saw the wet trails running down his cheeks. Each held a forlorn expression, their eyes locked on the sick elf before them. Elrond soon brought over some more tea, sorrowfully looking down at the one he thought of as a son. He was dying. And he feared he could do nothing to stop it. … Estel held Legolas up while his father slowly fed him the tea. He prayed that it would help but he was afraid it was far too late. It had taken too long for them to realize he had been poisoned, and it had been too strong. They were all terrified. After the cup was empty he slowly lowered Legolas. "Estel…" The name was said so quietly that the man hadn't been sure he had heard anything but for the elves around him: Elrond had stopped and turned to face Legolas and the twins both stared with wide eyes. "Legolas, I am here," he said, quickly sitting down beside the blonde and taking his hand into both of his, cradling it. Legolas closed his eyes with a wince, too weak to hide his pain. His hand was squeezed gently and he gave the man a tired smile. He couldn't believe how strong the poison was and even he knew his recovery to be unlikely. It was exactly because of his that he had forced himself to stay awake. The others were relieved when Legolas' eyes reopened, having feared they had lost him already. However, they were extremely saddened by the pained mask he now wore. Legolas beckoned Estel closer, needing to know the man could hear his every word as it was a strain to speak. He knew of his friend's guilt and he knew he was dying. He needed to dispel some of Estel's hurt. "'Tis no fault... of yours. Even I knew not," he whispered slowly. "Mayhap... it was not... so wonderful." He weakly laughed, and Estel choked on a sob, a slight sad smile accompanying. Elrond and the twins watched quietly, tears threatening to fall hearing Legolas' words. The weak sound of his voice warned them all… Estel leaned over and kissed Legolas' clammy forehead gently. "We will fight this, mellon-nin," he encouraged, his heart already breaking. … A couple hours later the four only tried to make Legolas more comfortable; the tea now mostly to dull the pain. They sat around him while they sadly listened to every painful inhalation the young elf wheezed in between groans. The pain encased him and he could barely think. He knew his friends were there, taking care of him. He wanted to apologize to them for he wished he could spare them this sight. It hurt far more to know they were watching since he could do nothing to hide his agony as the poison raced to finish its job. And it burned. Legolas cried out and clenched Estel's hand. After the wave of pain decreased, he could feel the calloused fingers run over his forehead and through his hair. "Forgive me," Legolas haltingly said in a barely audible whisper. "I… can no longer… hold on." He stared deeply into Estel's stormy eyes, seeing the tears already forming. He knew how much pain this would cause. He tried to hold back a shout of agony but the pain continued to ride him and he could barely control his weakened body as it shook. Estel closed his eyes tightly, willing this all away. He had never seen an elf—let alone Legolas—in so much pain. It tore him in two. Elrond, Elladan and Elrohir exchanged a tearful glance and each reached out to touch the young elf that meant so much to them. Estel reopened his eyes when he felt the others move. He looked at each of them in turn and then at Legolas' pain-wracked body, and nodded. "You can let go, mellon-nin," he managed to say soothingly. He forced himself to stay steady and to not start crying yet, for Legolas needed him. Legolas smiled slightly and closed his eyes after a weak squeeze of Estel's hand. Estel raised the slender hand to his lips and kissed it gently, tears falling on to the limp hand.