company who have survived. There he helps to rebuild the great halls of Durin's Folk and spends almost all of his free time at the forge—for crafting a fine weapon is the one thing that helps him keep his mind off Legolas. Years later, he still scoffs at his own stupidity in surrendering to a fleeting moment of hope that he might have won the elf's heart—a hope that was shattered by a single look between Legolas and the Elvenking. And all this time he has remained alone, because though he has tried more than once to find comfort with other dwarves, all he could think of whenever he got close to another was that silky blond hair and smooth, pale skin, and most of all that strange magnetic pull he had always felt in Legolas's presence. One day a messenger arrives from Mordor – a servant of Lord Sauron. He tells them that Sauron desires their friendship and will reward them greatly if they but provide him with news of a certain hobbit who had accompanied them on their quest, or the ring he had stolen. Dáin bides his time in giving an answer, so the messenger returns twice more. He warns them that the next time he visits will be the last. When Glóin decides seek the council of Elrond in Rivendell on this matter, it is with great reluctance that Gimli agrees to accompany him, for he had hoped to never have to lay eyes on any elf, ever again. Upon their arrival, Gimli learns that many others have come to Rivendell, seeking answers, and among them is none other than Legolas, the very elf he'd spent almost eighty years trying to forget. His stomach twists into knots; he claims weariness and remains in his guest room until the Council is called together. There is a familiar charge in the air as Gimli steps out onto the porch where the others are already gathered. Gimli doesn't meet Legolas's gaze, but despite his best efforts observes him out of the corner of his eyes. It is only now that he has met Elrond and his kin that he realizes how strange the wood-elves are in comparison – not radiant and calm but watchful and unpredictable. Once they are joined by Gandalf, Bilbo, and the latter's nephew, Frodo, the Council begins. Elrond introduces all those who are present and what follows is a long meeting in which each of them shares their news and concerns. Gimli can't hold back a snort when Legolas announces that his people have lost another prisoner, the creature Gollum, whom many have trusted them to keep out of reach of the Enemy. Legolas pauses briefly at his reaction, and it feels like the air has momentarily gone still and cold; somehow he knows Legolas feels hurt. Looking around he sees that none of the others seem to have noticed anything amiss. Gimli and Legolas do not speak to each other until the following evening, when Gimli is out on a balcony, taking in the sight of the mountains and elvish architecture. "It's an eerie thing," Gimli says when he feels, rather than hears, Legolas approach from behind. "I can always feel your presence when you're near. I've never experienced something like it with anyone else – no matter the race." Legolas is silent for a moment as he steps up beside him. And when he speaks, his voice is full of wonder. "You can feel it?" "I'm…not sure what it is I'm feeling, but aye, I do." Legolas meets his gaze and smiles wistfully. "It is my fae reacting to you. I did not think a mortal would be able to feel it." He looks down at his hands on the railing, and his cheeks turn pink. "It means I want to bond with you." It takes a moment for Legolas's words to sink in, and Gimli isn't sure he understands. "But it was there from the beginning." "We are very different, Gimli," Legolas says, "in more ways than are obvious. The way we experience love is different. Mortals are rarely aware of their fae—not by any fault of their own, but merely because their souls aren't as well integrated with their bodies. When it comes to love, they depend more upon physical attraction and emotional and intellectual affinity. That is why they often tire of one another or grow apart. Soul love does not need time to develop because it is there from the moment two fae meet." "Is it always reciprocated?" Gimli asked. "It is – but a mortal is not likely to recognize what is beyond the immediate desires of the physical. " He looks at Gimli and swallows. "That is why I did not seek you out. I was afraid you might tire of me. And...even if you did not, we would still eventually be parted." Gimli grins. "I haven't tired of you in seventy-seven years—and all I've had was a memory. The other thing I cannot help you with." Legolas covers Gimli's hand with his own; the warmth of it gives him butterflies. They stand in silence for a moment, watching the sunset paint the sky orange and red. "I leave in the morning," Legolas says with a tone of regret, and Gimli nods because he already knows this. Elrond wants to dispatch scouts before the quest to destroy the ring is begun. "But I imagine it is easy for a dwarf to get lost in this place," he says, grinning, "so, you are welcome to retire to my room with me tonight. I am not ready to let you have my virginity, in which you take such keen interest, however—" Gimli remembers the dream he had in the dungeon in Mirkwood, and the conversation that followed, and his face begins to burn. "There's a lot I can teach you without taking your virginity, elf," he says as they turn to leave together. "You can be sure of that."