their proper places. What could be better? In fact, Erestor was so contented that he hummed a small song under his breath, a quirky melody that Lindir had played a week or two ago in the Hall of Fire. He slid two books onto a shelf and made sure the sides were even with the neighboring tomes, then returned to his pile on a small table. But as was wont to happen, he was interrupted by the patter of two pair of small feet, and the soft tread of larger feet. Elladan and Elrohir burst around the corner of a bookshelf, their little faces lighting up when they caught sight of him. For the life of him, Erestor could never figure out why they were so delighted to see him every day. He knew he was stern enough to put off most of the other occupants of Imladris, but the twin elflings didn't even seem to notice his firm demeanor. "'Restor!" shrieked one, lunging forward and trying to hug a leg through the adviser's long black robes, and failed, as usual. Silver beads danced as Elladan looked up, beaming, at his tutor. "We is so happy today!" "We are happy," corrected Erestor before he could stop himself. "Yes!" shrieked Elladan's identical brother. "You is happy too! Wonderfulness!" His tiny hands grasped fistfuls of Erestor's robe. They were so cheerful in the morning, Erestor thought. Oh well, join the party. His reasons were probably different than theirs, but it didn't matter. Just then, the Lady of Imladris came around the corner. Celebrían's silver eyes danced with quiet mirth as she caught sight of her twin sons gripping the Chief Counsellor's legs. She nodded at Erestor, blond hair fluttering loose. "Good morning, Erestor." "Morning, my Lady," he replied, and went to work detaching Elrohir from him. Succeeding, he scooped up the younger twin and handed him off to Celebrían, who smiled as she took him. "Ah, my little knight," she said, quirking his nose lightly. "Are you ready for the morning meal?" "Yes!" he exclaimed loudly. Elladan flung himself loose from Erestor and darted toward his mother. "I'm eating too!" He put up both arms, begging silently to be picked up, and with a chuckle, Celebrían complied. She turned to go, but cast Erestor a stern look right before she left. "I expect to see you in the dining hall soon," she said. He just smiled. "If I have time," was all he told her. With another nod, she left. Erestor constantly skipped the morning meal, usually claiming it was because of things he had to accomplish, or that he had forgotten. She had to remind him to join them almost every morning, and sometimes at the eve meal too. Ah, the life of a Peredhel's wife. Celebrían chuckled at that thought and continued down the hall. Back in the library, Erestor had almost finished putting all of his borrowed books back when he sensed a figure standing in the doorway, leaning casually on the frame. The adviser slid in the last volume and made sure everything was in its proper place before turning to confront the person. "Glorfindel." "Erestor," came the rejoinder. The Balrog-slayer straightened up and moved forward like a dangerous golden cat, his hair swinging behind him. Erestor noted with more than a little satisfaction that the Elda was wearing a pair of old boots that were somewhat shrunk and had cracked leather laces. Apparently his plan had worked. Well, of course it had. He didn't pride himself on his skills for nothing. There was one problem, though, and that was the ill-tempered Glorfindel now moving toward him. Moving quickly but stealthily, Erestor moved behind the nearest table and placed it between himself and Glorfindel. He wasn't one to back down from a fight, but it never hurt to be cautious. Glorfindel just kept stalking forward, his face an unreadable mask. He finally reached the table and leaned forward, dropping his hands palm-down onto the surface and grinning wildly. "You will never believe what I found in my shoes this morning, dear adviser!" Going to cut right to the point, was he? Erestor feigned nonchalance and blinked his dark lashes innocently. "Why, they were mildewing, weren't they? What have I told you about keeping your boots clean?" Glorfindel barely refrained himself from rolling his eyes at the rejoinder. He had seen that coming a mile away. "No, as a matter of fact. Actually, I found something else quite interesting." Raising an inquisitive eyebrow, Erestor waited. "It was . . ." Glorfindel let the air thicken with tension a moment longer, then let out a laugh. "It was the worst prank I've ever seen in my whole life!" That was most definitely not what Erestor had expected. His brown eyes blinked in confusion, and he frowned. "Pardon?" "My shoes? That's all you've got? You couldn't even – maybe . . ." By now, Glorfindel's shoulders shook with mirth. "The twins could do better! You should take lessons from them!" Erestor scowled at the snickering Elda. "I'm glad you find it amusing." "Oh, I do. Believe me, I do." Letting out another burst of laughter, Glorfindel headed back for the door. He shot one more thing over his shoulder, "I'll be waiting for a more effective trick. The water-bucket-over-the-door doesn't work, though. I always check the door before I go in a room." He vanished around the corner, still chortling. Erestor made sure the Balrog-slayer was completely gone, then let a small smile of triumph cross his face. So he hadn't discovered the tree sap in his as-of-now empty scabbard yet? """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" Two hours later, Imladris rang with a furious yell. "ERESTOR! WHY IS MY SWORD STUCK IN MY SCABBARD?" And in his office, Erestor paused briefly at his work, grinned, and went back to his papers. This is the second part of the Revenge series! It continues in Glorfindel's Revenge , which is the third part of the Revenge series.