was trying to comfort him. Elladan then re-entered the room, a tray of food in both hands. And, with his entrance, came another groan from the not-hungry Aragorn. The elder twin merely smiled widely—almost mockingly—knowing the groan had been because the human was being forced to eat. He handed one tray to his father who had stood up to take it. The other one was placed on Aragorn's lap once he had sat up, leaning against the wall behind him, feeling lightheaded from just the small movement. During the late meal, the five conversed but the tension in the air was somewhat thick, for Legolas and Aragorn were waiting for Elrond to scold them. It never came. Not yet. If anything, waiting was worse than being lectured right away because they didn't know when it was coming or how mad the elder elf still was. It was the next morning, when Aragorn's fever broke, that the elf-lord decided to let his son and friend have a piece of his mind. "I said you could go to the garden! The garden ; not the forest!" Elrond shouted, unable to control himself any longer. He stood in front of the two foolish friends. They were all in Aragorn's chambers now, for Elrond had forbidden them to leave. And, even though the fever had broken, Aragorn was still left with a heavy bout of fatigue. Legolas was allowed in Aragorn's chambers and his own, that was it. Surprisingly—or not for the elder elf—Legolas hadn't put up a fight against that. "You even lied to me. Imagine if both of you had been hurt and we could not find you. Then what would you do…?" Elrond trailed off, letting the two think about the consequences. However, he was far from done. After all, his disappointment in the two had only grown over the last couple of days. "You were lucky I even allowed you to go outside, Estel," he continued, slightly lowering his voice. "I know, and I'm sorry, Ada," the human started, feeling extremely guilty. Elrond had never sounded so hurt before, never so angry, yet sad. He didn't know how to react. "No; I really think you do not understand. You could have died, Estel!" the elf-lord exclaimed distraught. He had no idea what he would do if he were to lose another part of his family. Not only that, but he was sure that, if one of them were to die, the others would surely pass, too, for the grief would be far too much to bear. Legolas opened his mouth to add that he'd never let Aragorn die, but, not only did he know he had no control over such a thing, Elrond had interrupted him. "I know you love him, Legolas, and that you would do everything to save him, but what if his injuries had been more severe?" He paused briefly, swallowing thickly, before continuing. "It hurts me to even think of it, but it is reality. You cannot be so reckless, especially when recovering from a high fever," he added the last part sadly, looking at Aragorn, whose gaze was glued guiltily to the floor, as was Legolas'. Neither Aragorn nor Legolas knew what to say. They had never felt so horrible and they deeply regretted their rash actions. "We know what we did was wrong; that we never should have lied to you," Legolas finally spoke up, sadness dripping with every word. The sound almost broke Elrond's resolve. "I just hope that you can forgive us." He stared directly in to the elder elf's eyes—the elf that he thought of as a second father—to show his sincerity. "Worry not, I forgive you two. You are both alive, after all," Elrond said actually smiling. "However, you will not be allowed in the archery range or garden for a week," he said sternly to Legolas, the abrupt change of the topic taking the others off-guard. The young elf opened his mouth to protest, but quickly shut it. The punishment was harsh to him, however, he deserved it. It could have been worse. The twins and Aragorn were also shocked at the punishment, for their father had never been so harsh. Legolas loved the outdoors and archery. This would be an incredibly hard week for the wood-elf. It showed just how worried he had been. "And you, Estel, will not be allowed to leave your chambers for the week," Elrond issued his consequence, a mischievous smirk threatening to break out on his face. It would be interesting to see how the human would handle the confinement now that he was nearly recovered. He needed to learn his lesson, and the elder elf thought this would be the best way. He wasn't taking away any necessities, he'd still be able to bathe, go to the bathroom, eat, drink, etc. He'd just be extremely restless. The four all gaped at the death sentence the elf-lord had just given Aragorn. There would be no way he'd be able to handle a week trapped in his chambers. The twins and Legolas looked over at Aragorn, seeing the horrified expression that marred his handsome, but pale, features. The man placed a hand over his face, shaking his head. It was then that he decided to never lie to his father again. …And to never get sick. So, there ya have it. Like it? Hate it? Want me to shut up and go write? -.- Yeah. Let me know what ya think, alright? n.n Yeah, I guess my mind wanted something different and made Aragorn angst instead of Legolas. Crazy how that works, huh? Especially since I had planned on having Legolas being on the receiving end of said angst at first… ..:shrugs:.. Well, someone wanted that, don't remember who you were (possibly HarryEstel?) since that was forever ago, but… there ya go. n.n;; I'll post the next chapter to Hunted sometime this coming week. n.n I can't believe I forgot it… ..:sighs:.. Ja ne