He blinked, but all that remained was a drifting smoke ring. For some reason, the image shook him to his core. The wizard chewed on his pipe stem a moment, then turned to look at him. "The Shadow in the East grows. My heart warns me that evil is on the move." He paused, his demeanor changing as he lifted an amused brow. "Amazing creatures – Hobbits; so unaware of the world around them, yet at times endlessly curious." "You would have me set a guard on the Shire?" Aragorn asked with a small smile. He shared Gandalf's fondness for the Halflings. "Indeed," the wizard smiled a moment, then sobered, his solemn mien returning. "But I do not want them aware that they are being guarded." "And just what are we guarding them against?" Gandalf turned to look out into the night. "I do not know…yet." 'Black riders…' He shivered, knowing now the danger Gandalf had sensed – a threat that still hunted him…and Frodo. Roheryn pressed his muzzle into Aragorn's hand, and he jerked at the startling touch. Roheryn snorted in protest, and Aragorn rubbed the horse's nose in reassurance. All the horses were uneasy, as were the men. He could hear even Gimli muttering to himself. The fear in the air was palatable. The Mountain pressed down on them, and the ghostly silence began to undo even him. Fear and terror closed in on all sides as the magnitude of what he faced bore down on him. He would call on the souls of the Dead to fight for him. War awaited him in Minas Tirith; he had a destiny to fulfill. He could not fail either the people of Minas Tirith or his fellow Dúnedain. He could not face a life without his beloved; he must succeed! He straightened to his full height and breathed deeply, banishing his fear. Warmth filled him as the tinkling sound of water broke the stillness. The blackness that had lasted so long became grey. The light grew as if a faint twilight lingered, and he could make out another gateway, high-arched and broad. He stepped under it. A small rill ran out with them before leaping over the rocks beside a steep road through sheer cliffs – so high it appeared to be night with stars glinting in the breaks above. He nodded to the light. Turning to his men, he lifted his hand, signaling them to mount. He settled onto Roheryn's back and urged him into a steady walk. Behind him his men rode in file, as the light wavered to the deep blue of dusk. Fear still pursued them. Then a light and musical voice spoke softly. "The Dead are following," said Legolas. "I see shapes of Men and of horses, and pale banners like shreds of cloud, and spears like winter-thickets on a misty night. The Dead are following." "Yes, the dead ride behind. They have been summoned," said Elladan. (4) Aragorn sensed his men quail at the words, but he rode tall and straight through the blue-grey light. Always the dawn follows the darkest night. Not yet, for though the Mountain now lay behind him, the worst blackness lay ahead. But light would pierce the Shadows. Dawn would come. I am Aragorn son of Arathorn, Chieftain of the Dúnedain, Isildur's heir of Gondor, the Elessar. The Dead heed my summons. I will not fail! But when the dawn came, cold and pale, Aragorn rose at once, and he led the Company forth upon the journey of greatest haste and weariness that any among them had known, save he alone, and only his will held them to go on. JRR Tolkien, The Passing of the Grey Company , The Return of the King Author's Note: I have based Aragorn's remembering the death of Arathorn on the fact I have a single clear memory from the age of two. I hope it's not too farfetched he would remember so much of that night. There are many parts of this story that may sound very familiar as I wrote it with my book open. I have tried to keep the retelling to a minimum, endeavoring to fill in the gaps while leaving canon intact. But as always, I take some creative license. Direct quotes: 1) "This is an evil door," said Halbarad, :and my death lies beyond it. I will dare to pass it nonetheless; but no horse will enter." - - JRR Tolkien, The Passing of the Grey Company , The Return of the King p. 769 2) "But we must go in, and therefore the horses must go too," said Aragorn. "For if ever we come through this darkness, many leagues lie beyond, and every hour that is lost there will bring the triumph of Sauron nearer. Follow me!" - - JRR Tolkien, The Passing of the Grey Company , The Return of the King p. 769 3) "Hither shall the flowers of simbelmynë come never unto world's end," he murmured. "Nine mounds and seven there are now green with grass, and through all the long years he has lain at the door that he could not unlock. Whither does it lead? Why would he pass? None shall ever know! "For that is not my errand!" he cried, turning back and speaking to the whispering darkness behind. "Keep your hoards and your secrets hidden in the Accursed Years! Speed only we ask. Let us pass, and then come! I summon you to the Stone of Erech!"(3) - - JRR Tolkien, The Passing of the Grey Company , The Return of the King p. 770 4) "The Dead are following," said Legolas. "I see shapes of Men and of horses, and pale banners like shreds of cloud, and spears like winter-thickets on a misty night. The Dead are following." "Yes, the dead ride behind. They have been summoned," said Elladan. (4) - - JRR Tolkien, The Passing of the Grey Company , The Return of the King p. 771