"Clearly we need to establish that I am in charge," growled Elrohir, sending Estel into another gale of giggles. Elrond followed at a more sedate pace, nodding to Glorfindel when the elf fell into step with him. "Well, it does bring back fond memories," commented Glorfindel. "Fond memories?" asked Elrond, but he knew what Glorfindel meant. "Yes, we have a child in the house again. A child who will make noise and messes and mischief and liven up the house as we have not seen in millennia," he answered. Elrond read between the words to what was really being said: we will all help to raise him; he is one of this house now. Elrond smiled, then clapped his friend on the back. "Thank you, Glorfindel." oooOOOooo "I recall that I was surprised by your actions," remembered Elladan, tilting his head back to look up at Elrond. Elrond continued to massage the now relaxed muscles of his son's neck, taking a rather silly pride in how Elladan could barely keep his eyes open. "We talked after you had taken Estel to bed, and concluded that you had decided to not only hide him, but raise him as your son. You were careful to never call him Aragorn after that first meeting, and you never called yourself 'father' in the common tongue. You were Ada and he was Estel." Elrond sighed at the memory. "My decision was conscious and intentional, but still very difficult. I was blotting out his past, causing his memory of his father and family to fall away instead of teaching him to cherish those whom we had also loved. We gave him so much love and attention that he fell into his new life easily." He paused, closing his eyes. "Each moment that went by, when he did not ask about his papa or his grandpapa or grandmama, was like a dagger in Gilraen's heart. My heart ached for the pain that caused her." "She understood, Adar," said Arwen softly. "Though you are right that her heart was broken and she never fully recovered." "She did give all her hope to the Dúnedain; she gave up all she was and all she had to do what was needed. She also had no choice: her people expected this of her and she would no more shirk her duty than Aragorn would today," replied Elrond. "Part of me is sorry she passed beyond the circles of this world before seeing Aragorn's time come, for he very much wanted her with him; yet I also understand that her light had passed and she could shine brightly for him no more." oOo Elrond entered Aragorn's room silently, a slight tug of concern leading him to check on this son who had now slept for nearly twenty-four hours straight. He sat on the edge of the bed, resting his hand lightly on Aragorn's head. Peace had entered this son's mind during the night, his body finally rested and his mind restored. Nudging at Aragorn's thought gently, he pushed him into wakefulness. "Father," murmured Aragorn lightly, his eyes blinking open slowly. He stretched out long and lean on the bed, finally settling a smile on his foster-father. "You have slept long," said Elrond kindly. "I do not recall you ever being this worn before." Aragorn grunted in reply, yawning and stretching again. "You need to eat and drink. Cook is busy preparing all of your favorite foods." "Cook should not go to so much trouble, but I know you will tell me it pleases him to do so," replied Aragorn. He sat up, and Elrond could not help but note how thin he was. "And then you would tell me that I am too thin, and I would be unable to disagree. Traveling with the creature Gollum was not conducive to eating or sleeping." "So I gathered," replied Elrond dryly. He moved to sit in a chair by the room's small table as Elves entered bearing a platter of food. For himself Elrond accepted only a cup of tea, but he watched with amusement and gladness as Aragorn ate like one would expect for a man who had subsisted on little for many days. "Where is Gandalf?" he asked. "He awoke late this morning and is speaking with Bilbo," replied Elrond. "He is comparing details of what he learned from Gollum with Bilbo's account of finding the ring." "He needs only to see the ring for final proof," replied Aragorn gravely. "Mordor is aware now of The Shire and the name Baggins. If it is indeed the One Ring, it and its bearer are no longer safe there." He sighed. "I must leave this afternoon." Elrond inclined his head in acknowledgment. Aragorn came seldom to Imladris, and his stays were usually short as his duties as chieftain and his workings with Gandalf consumed much of his time. "Elladan and Elrohir will ride out with you. They have chosen a new horse for you." Aragorn smiled gratefully. "I will return for a longer visit soon, if possible," he promised. "Events have been set in motion that cannot be stopped," replied Elrond. "Take all care, Aragorn son of Arathorn. Your presence has long been hidden from Mordor, but if he learns of your existence, as he has long suspected, he will target you and you will be hunted as your fathers were before you. You are the one person he fears as he seeks to regain what is his." Aragorn regarded him silently for a long moment. "I will take all care, my father." Arwen entered then, after knocking once on the door, and Elrond rose as she entered. He kissed her as he stepped past her to the door, allowing them a moment alone before Aragorn departed. He could feel the love that emanated from his daughter to this man she had pledged herself to, and he took comfort in knowing her devotion was real and sustaining. Only time would determine its end. oOoOo