of one of their archers, shooting three more orcs before jumping the short distance onto a low hanging branch of the only tree in the farm yard and taking aim. Her last arrow flew true and she tossed her bow aside, drawing her blade. With a sharp yell she leapt from the branches, landing on the shoulders of one of the orcs and driving her sword between its shoulder blades. She jumped as if from a spring board, landing in the back of another orc and driving her blade home before spinning, light on her feet, drawing back her fist and punching an orc in the face. He wobbled a moment, shaking his head as if trying to clear it, her sword lashed out, cutting him down and he tumbled to the ground. Tauriel ducked past several more orcs, hewing them down and leaping up to run along the fence, her blade slashing through the foul beasts as they raced toward her. The splintering of wood met her ears and she whirled on the corner post to find one of the larger brutes prying at the cellar door. She raced back along the fence the way she'd come, more of the orcs pursuing her and she sprang onto the roof, sliding down the other side of the thatch to slam feet first into the orc's chest. She barely had time to draw her blade from his throat when an angry squall met her ears and she turned wide eyed to find one of the creatures behind her, blade raised over its head. It gurgled, it's eyes growing wide and then simply fell over in a heap, revealing young Aedelwine standing behind it in the remains of the cellar door, his blood stained blade clutched in both hand as his panicked eyes stared at her from a pale face. "Stay here," She ordered and he nodded mutely in reply as she sprang up, her sword clashing against the blade of the orc charging down on them. Most of the others lay dead or dying in the farm yard while the remainder had turned tail, running off toward the larger pack that was still heading North West. It was unlikely they would return soon but she did not allow herself a sigh of relief. The last orc growled, it's foul breath turning her stomach and she dove beneath his swing, kicking his legs out from under him. He scrabbled after her, his meaty paw tangling in her hauberk and jerking her off balance. She corrected before she could stumble but the motion halted the orc's momentum and he slammed into her, knocking the hat from her head with the force of his impact. She felt the blade slip between her ribs in a sort of detached surprise, adrenaline burning away most of the pain like charred paper. She spun on her heel, dislodging the beast's hold as her sword met with its throat. It let out a gurgling squawk, crumpling to the earth and she lost her footing, the world spinning around her even though she'd stopped all movement. The hard packed earth of the farm yard game up at her in a bleary haze, knocking the wind from her as she landed. Tauriel rolled over with a sharp gasp, the clouds overhead turning in lazy circles in a sea of bright blue though they were meant to be drifting into the West. She gave a cough, letting out a groan as it rattled the pain in her side. The sky was so beautiful this time of year. "M' lady?" the boy's voice sounded frantic and his footfalls beat against the earth in a rhythm that rattled her bones. He stumbled to his knees beside her with wide, frightened eyes, one grubby hand reaching out hesitantly over her as if he were unsure if he should touch. "Ah, Dwarf," Tauriel smiled, letting out another cough. "You've lived." Aedelwine nodded, his eyes brimming with tears. "You… you're an elf," he whispered in awe. "You're not real." "No, not particularly," Tauriel agreed, licking her dry lips. "I've not been real for quite a few years now. But that's no real concern." She gave him a sad smile. "You fought bravely," she said, drawing in a stuttering breath. "Your father would be pleased." "Why are you crying?" he asked, his own tears spilling over to splash against her hand still clutching her sword to her breast. "You remind me of someone I used to know," she admitted mournfully, raising her hand enough that the tips of her fingers gently brushed his cheek. "I never wished to be reminded of him again. Especially not now." "You were the elf maid," he declared in wonder. Tauriel let a soft smile tug at her lips as his face took on a stricken look, sussing out her meaning. "But elves are immortal, all the stories say so. So you can't die." his breath hitched and he scrubbed at his eyes in frustration. "Is that so?" Tauriel asked in amusement. "Well you can't always believe those stories the old wives tell you, dwarf." She struggled to draw breath, biting back a moan. "What can I do?" he asked, his lip quivering as his brow knitted in an angry frown. "I said once that I would fight rather than let darkness fall upon the world," She confessed, clearing her throat with a cough. "And that I have done. The Third Marshal rides here, when you see him, tell him that Tauriel has fulfilled her oath." The boy nodded, mopping at his eyes with the hem of his sleeve. His hand settled over hers, gripping at it awkwardly. "Do you really think papa will be proud of me?" he said, his voice cracking. She gave a slow nod and he squeeze her hand. "I think your dwarf would be proud of you too." Tauriel only gave him a watery smile, a single tear slipping down her cheek as she closed her eyes.