out away from the city where they had seen the men marching off to battle. She wishes he would return, wants to see his face, and hopes that she will see him alive again at least one more time. The sands leave him feeling parched and, among the streaks of heat, he sometimes thinks he can see her out among the sands. Yet he knows she's not there and treks forwards, fighting his way to a foreign city where an enemy sits upon the throne. For her, he will fight, if only to keep his fragile love alive. X: attack of the city The White City cannot brace itself for the attack. They cry out, rushing to the top as the enemy beats down the gates of the great city of Men. Merileth holds her sisters close to her as the tiers of the city fall until there are only three of them left. "We will not go down without a fight!" She cries out, her voice trembling as she takes a sword from a dead soldier's body. "We will not die with our backs to the walls like cowards. We will fight and die with honor!" She sounds braver in that moment than she feels. Only minutes later she excuses herself, stepping out of the Houses of Healing, leaning her head against a wall as she attempts to fight nausea. Word has reached the king that his city is under siege and the legions of the West hurry back, praying that they won't be too late to save their loved ones. His heart beats in his chest, urging his steed on, her face just before his eyes as he rides like his life depends on it. XI: life Her body hurts, the city is in shambles, but they did it. They survived. There's no time to stop as she hurries among the wounded, treating as many as she can. The world spins before her eyes; she looks a mess with her face smeared with dirty, circles beneath her eyes, and her hands caked with dried blood from the wounds she's sewn up and attended to through the longest night of her life. The world spins beneath her feet again as she stumbles, pressing her palm against the nearest wall as she fights off the weariness that she feels all through her body and soul. "Merileth," He whispers and she turns her head up. There are not words to convey her emotions as everything flies out the door. She takes two steps towards him before her legs give way. His arms catch her, easing her down to the ground as she wraps her arms around him, weeping into his shoulder openly, blubbering as he holds her close, clinging to her for dear life. "You're alive," She bawls. "You're alive!" Her lips find his as she kisses him fiercely. XII: reality They both know it won't work. He has a life to go back to and hers is just starting. She shares his bed one more night as they love one another to their fullest. With every touch and gasp, they share their love and lie together as long as they can, staying awake as they fight the dawn one last time. Rumil returns with his brothers the day that Merileth marries Turgol. They both return to the real world they've come from, yet their minds remain on one another even after they've accepted the fact that they need to move on. XIII: moments There are some years that he chooses to visit the White City with the others. Sometimes he finds her, though he never comes out to speak to her any longer. She's a Lady now with proper station the first time he sees her, her arm linked with her husband's and giving him a radiant smile. The second time he spies her across the market place. Her belly swells with life and she simply glows. The third time she's with two small children in the Queen's gardens, her head tilted to the sun before she looks down to brush her fingers against a rose bush. The final time, she sees him across the room and smiles at him, a bittersweet and sad smile of times that have passed and that can't ever be again. XIV: generation It's been over a hundred years since he's brought it upon himself to visit the White City again. Everything seems the same and he comes to greet the newly crowned King Eldarion. He searches for her face, knowing he will never find it. She died many years ago, that he knows for her received news of her passing from the King himself when he passed through their woods on one of his trips. A girl stares at him openly across the market, yet not with the same wary gazes of others. She's unafraid when she approaches him, tilting her head to the side, her light blue eyes shockingly familiar. "You're an Elf," She speaks frankly, a smile lighting up her features. "I'm right, aren't I?" "How do you know?" He's curious as he gazes at the teenager. "My grandmother told me about the elves and how she once was a good friend of one." "What was her name?" "Lady Merileth." XVI: drifting He dreams of her. She reaches her hand out to him, laughing, calling him to follow her. He can't say no as he takes her hand, following her down the light and through the stars themselves. She kisses him and in the dream he knows that he still loves her. His heart doesn't sing for another and, when he wakes, he mourns the loss of the light he once held within his arms. She was his fragile love, now lost to the sands of time, only a memory within his mind now. There are no tears but each morning he stares out at the sunrise, a sad smile on his lips as he recalls days long past from him. Fin