and ran his fingers over the unfinished part, flinching at the memories of fire pain shadows that assaulted him, and tugged his hand away. Turning his attention away from the carving, he glanced over the rest of the room and the few dirty areas – the corners where he tossed his clothes in the general direction of the laundry hamper, the assorted rusted weapons he had collected and piled in heaps near the window, and more than a few chests full of various gifts he had received over the years. His attention skipped over it, used to it all, and he instead went into his bedchambers. He examined his large bed for a long moment, then in a moment of unsurprising immaturity, leaped into the air and bounced across the bed. He landed on his stomach, laughing quietly, and let the blankets settle around him. His head had ended up directly beside the edge of the bed, and he rested his chin on the corner as he trailed his hand over the side, his golden hair tumbled all around him. Pondering different things, his mind slowly wandered into what mortals would call sleep, and his blue eyes glazed over, staring unseeingly at the yellow-painted wall across from him. "" "" "" #81 – Far-Fetched Glorfindel bounded happily down the hall, his golden hair flying behind him. He saw the door to Erestor's office ahead and he went right to it, throwing it open with his usual excitement. "Erestor!" he exclaimed – and then stopped. His jaw dropped open in shock and he stared. "E – Erestor?" The dark-haired adviser broke off the kiss he had been involved in and turned to look at Glorfindel. "What?" A delicate-faced silver-haired elleth peeked over his shoulder, and upon seeing Glorfindel, offered him a sweet smile. "What – what? You aren't married!" Glorfindel stammered, seriously thinking he had just lost his mind. Erestor looked offended. "Of course I am! How could you forget my lovely wife and our children?" He gestured at the other door to his office, and two tiny heads peeked through, one with dark hair like Erestor's, and the other fair-headed. "What?" Glorfindel squeaked. He had missed his friend's wedding? "Oh dear," said the strange elf-woman who was apparently Erestor's wife. She gave Glorfindel a worried look. "Are you well? You look…pale." "Gck," Glorfindel managed, then fainted. Glorfindel sat up in bed, his eyes wide and glazed. He uttered a short scream, then leaped from his bed and ran out of his room. Dashing toward Erestor's office, he made it there and flung the door open, breath caught. Erestor turned and gave him an annoyed look. "What, Glorfindel?" Glorfindel looked around the room frantically. "Where is she? How did I miss the wedding? Where are the children?" Erestor blinked. He took a cautious step back and peered at Glorfindel with concern. "Excuse me? What are you talking about?" "Your wife!" Glorfindel exclaimed. Erestor choked. " What ? I don't have a wife!" "Yes, you do!" Glorfindel looked around the room again and noted the bare walls, the neatly organized bookshelves, and the immaculate desk that Erestor was standing before. He closed his eyes and shook his head, then opened them again once more. "Are you sure you aren't married?" Erestor was regarding him strangely. He edged slowly around the desk and surreptitiously slipped a heavy paperweight into his hand. "Yes…" the adviser said slowly. "I am not married." "Oh." Glorfindel scratched his head and turned to walk out the door, muttering something about 'missing a wedding celebration and good wine.' As soon as he was gone, Erestor dashed over to the door and immediately locked it. "" "" "" #100 – Beyond the Circles of the World In the dying forests of Lóthlorien, beneath the fading trees and silver leaves, two dark figures knelt beside a female, whose face was pale and eyes glimmering with tears and the light of stars. "Please…" Elrohir's voice was broken as he lifted a trembling hand to his lips. "Please, my sister…" He could not finish, his voice choked with sobs. Elladan, beside him, was bent over her form, tears trailing down his cheeks as he silently supported her head. "My brothers," said Arwen with a gentle, tired smile. "I have lived well, and loved well. Mourn me not, please." She sighed, softly as the wind that whispered past their dark hair. "I cannot bear the thought that you would see me such. If you still hold my love, leave me and let me die in peace." Elrohir wept quietly at her words, and Elladan placed her head carefully and smoothly onto the soft ground. They both pressed tearful kisses to her brow, where once had rested a silver crown that matched her husband's, and then they stood. Before vanishing into the forest, they turned back to look at her, and she lifted a weak hand, looking tiny and fragile among the trees. "I would not have this to be the last memory you had of me," she whispered softly. "But as it is, fare thee well. Tell Ada and Nana that I have never regretted my choice." Her older brothers nodded, not trusting themselves to speak, and they turned to disappear among the branches. Arwen lay her head back and let her gaze drift to the moonlight dancing on silver leaves. A peace overcame her, washing away all grief and sorrow, and she felt a boundless joy fill her as she felt her soul fall asunder forever and fly from her body. A great light washed over her and she heard something that seemed like her beloved's voice. With a cry of delight, she moved forward and vanished in a spectacular dance of colors. Not far away from her lifeless body, two identical elves fell to their knees and cried aloud as they felt their sister vanish beyond the circles of the world. She was truly gone now. I'm sorry. Please don't slay me.