in the hills?" "The dwarves are not our concern," said Celeborn acerbically. "The dwarves," said Galadriel more gently, "will watch out for their own children. Dai and the others may think the adults do not know where they go, but I assure you they do. Where do you think their parents went off to when they were young?" Celebrían laughed, chagrined. "But then we were safe with them," she pointed out. Celeborn frowned. "Celebrían, not all dwarves can be trusted." "But I know Dai, Adar. He can be trusted," she defended her friend. "I do not doubt Durin's line, nor do I think any of the dwarves of his people are not to be trusted," replied Galadriel. "But, daughter, listen to me well: you did not have permission to leave the city and you are not of an age to make such decisions for your safety yourself. You do not know the dangers in the world around us." Celebrían hugged her mother tighter at those words. "Beginning day after tomorrow, you will spend part of each day serving your father at the City Hall," announced Galadriel. Celebrían perked up. "Thank you, Naneth! I would like that." Celeborn laughed. "We thought you would. Thus it is a new responsibility, not your punishment." Celebrían looked from her adar to naneth, their looks bemused yet quite serious at the same time. She bowed her head. "What is my punishment?" she asked, determined not to react, no matter how bad it was. "Since you led Narusel astray, you will apologize to her parents tomorrow. I believe that Narusel's father will find some appropriate tasks in his shop to keep you two busy for a while," said Celeborn. Celebrían flushed. She had led Narusel astray, though she did not know how her parents knew this. Still, this was not a bad punishment, as she would be with her best friend. "To serve in your adar's office and Narusel's adar's shop," continued Galadriel, as if reading her thoughts, "are the only places you may go without my companionship." Celebrían paled. "For how long, Naneth?" "Until the winter solstice, at least," replied Galadriel. "Longer if I am not content that you have learned better judgment." Celebrían sighed and nodded, but she did not think it would really be so bad. Content she was forgiven and knowing her punishment, she finally dozed off. She awoke when they arose and covered her with a blanket. "Adar, why did the password work when Dai spoke it and not when I did?" she asked drowsily. "I do not entirely know, but I intend to find out," replied Celeborn. "That Dai is Durin's grandson may have something to do with it." He kissed her and she felt herself drifting again into sleep. A thought slipped into her mind right before she succumbed to slumber: would the word her father spoke work for her, since she was his daughter? She smiled as she tucked the thought away for a day when she had the freedom to roam the city again. A few weeks later, while Celebrían was serving in her father's office, a messenger from King Durin arrived. She escorted him to her father, and was about to leave when the dwarf said, "This concerns your daughter, Lord Celeborn." Celebrían stopped in the door, looking hopefully at her father. He glanced at her, but did not wave her in or away. Instead he took the message and read it. Then the dwarf handed him a leather pouch. He withdrew from it a small box, which he opened and looked inside. A bemused look appeared on his face. "Celebrían," he said, and motioned her back to them. She took the note and read it, then looked in awe at the exquisite treasure chest made of mithril, so small that it fit in the palm of her hand. She took it from her father. Inside was a token bearing the mark of Durin. She gasped. "Young lord Dai is very talented," said the messenger with pride. "He made that, and his grandfather consented to the token being added." He bowed slightly before Celebrían. "There is no greater sign of friendship extended between dwarf and elf. Any of Durin's people will aid you without condition at the sight of that token." The dwarf bowed before Celeborn again and took his leave. Celebrían touched the mithril box in wonder, but at that moment the thought came to her mind that she had earned it in disobedience. She carefully set it on her father's desk. "I understand if I may not keep it, Adar," she said resolutely. Celeborn laughed. "It would be a great insult to Durin and Dai if you did not, Celebrían." He placed the chest back in the leather bag. "Come, we will go show your naneth. I think she will be amused that your nighttime escapade has turned into a diplomatic coup." He paused and then laughed again. "I suddenly feel a great affinity to your naneth's parents." Celebrían grinned. "Naneth insists I am much more like you.' Celeborn held out his arm to her. "I must respectfully disagree. Your naneth is, as seldom happens, wrong." Celebrían nearly danced in excitement. She could hardly wait to hear her adar tell her naneth that. oooOOOooo Her parent's resumption of the age old argument as to which of them she was more like cut her off. Elrohir was already wondering where the mithril chest was, but it was Elladan that made her snort in laughter. "Did it? Did the password work for you," asked Elladan eagerly. Celebrían looked over to see her father with one brow raised off his forehead in question, her mother with barely contained amusement evident in her eyes. "That," she replied with a grin, "is a story for another day." The End oOoOoOoOo A/N: I couldn't find any names for Durin's son or grandsons, so Dai is made up. The Dwarf Walking Song has been mentioned in several of my other stories.