borders when for all we know, they could here in our midst as we speak!" He leaned back in his chair and explained thoroughly. "All of the attacks have been on the home-front, in our towns and villages...the wild-men move so fast and silent that we have so idea where they come from. The camp we were able to attack was a providential miracle, and...!" he held up his hand to halt Elrond's next argument, "And...until we know the origins of these... 'creatures'", he spat out the label with disgust, "I must protect my people while I still have them..." his voice faded and he dropped his eyes, suddenly caught up in his own thoughts. The Master of Imladris gazed down on him, his questions answered, but another springing to his mind. " Mellon-nin ?" he asked quietly. His friend had other matters on his mind; Elrond could see that. Thranduil blinked and looked up at him, his eyes refocusing on the present. "Um...forgive me," he stammered. "I...my mind wandered for a moment. As I was saying..." "Thranduil...?" Elrond's voice deepened, knowingly. He spoke as he used to speak to young Estel when he got into trouble. "There is also something on your mind, friend. You should talk about it." Thranduil was silent, mulling over his thoughts. He did not meet Elrond's curious eyes. "You're not just worried about the wild-men are you?" he guessed the King's thoughts. "There is something else." Thranduil slowly nodded. "Aye, there is." The fair elf-king stood and walked to the window that was behind him. He leaned his strong body against the sill, and he now seemed wearied, disconcerted...anguished. Elrond looked at him compassionately. He no longer saw the King of Mirkwood standing before him; he saw his life-long friend, his mellon-nin, worried and in need of comfort, standing there. Elrond waited patiently; he knew Thranduil as well as he knew himself, and knew when to speak and when to wait. Thranduil had always been the silent one, often bottling everything inside, until finally he had to tell someone . Elrond stood by the desk, Thranduil by the window, each just listening to the silence of it all. Their thoughts mingled, and they remembered how many times there had been times like this, where the friends just sat and enjoyed each other's company. Finally, Thranduil broke the silence with his musings. "How do you know when they're ready?" Elrond arched his brows, waiting. "How do you know when you can let them go? When do know that let them live their own lives, they way they want to, and know that they'll benefit others, like you've always wanted?" The fair elf turned back to his companion. "When will I know if Legolas is prepared to rule this land when I am gone?" Elrond blinked several times and looked down at the ground, thinking. He slowly moved to the chair beside him, and sat in his usual position, fingers steepled, eyes penetrating the question that lay before him. His dark head lowered until his fingers touched his firmly pressed lips, mulling over the advice he was about to bestow to his life-long companion Thranduil still stood by the window, his gaze now resting on the floor tiles, patiently awaiting the wisdom of the elf he looked to as a brother. His green eyes flickered up when Elrond finally spoke. "I had to ask myself the same question not long ago...'When will Estel be ready for his future?'" Thranduil inclined his head, understanding. "You do not know how many sleepless nights I have had over that troubling question, Thranduil." There was a slight lull; a breeze softly blew through the glassless window arches that made up the wall of the chamber. Elrond's deep voice continued after a moment. " Mellon-nin, the truth is, there is no way of really knowing, until you reach the end. You must take everything...one step at a time." "Indeed, I know that," Thranduil agreed. "But therein lies the problem: what steps must I take? What do I teach him? I do not know what to say to him, to prepare him for the life ahead." Elrond was silent for a moment. Suddenly a thought sprang into his mind. He gazed up at the father before him, and a smile played at his the corners of his mouth. "Learn from him," he said abruptly. Thranduil's brows narrowed in curiosity. "Learn from him?" he repeated, not sure of his meaning. "Aye," the knowledgeable King replied, humored by the simplicity of the answer they both sought. "In learning you will teach...and then in teaching you will learn. Get to know your son; he'll show you what instruction he needs. When the time comes, you'll know what to say." Thranduil shifted his eyes to the floor, pondering the words he knew where the wisest he could hope to receive. 'Learn...from my son,' he thought, amazed. He had never considered such a thing before. He looked up at Elrond. "I believe you're right, my lord," he said, smiling. "I will talk to him; maybe all of my questions will be answered through him." "I think it highly probable," Elrond stood, and laughed lightly. "Legolas is a good lad, I know he'll make you proud." "He already has." Thranduil guided Elrond back to the archway. He pulled back the curtain, but paused for a moment. "Elrond," he asked, all formality gone for a moment. "Is there anything you don't know?" His friend laughed. "How many times have you asked me that over the years? And my answer is always the same, 'I- "'-don't know!'" they finished together, and laughed warmly. "You've always been such a humble man, Elro." "And you've always kept me honest, Thran." The kings were silent for a moment, smiling at each other again, and though they looked nothing alike, any passers-by would have taken them for brothers that had been through numerous trials together. They would not have been far from the truth.