again ." Nienna was doing her best to act like she had never laid eyes on Lily and was just an extremely embarrassed stranger. As it was pretty obvious they knew each other, it wasn't working. "Lily, isn't The Lord of the Rings enough right now?" Lily smiled and issued the preliminary words of what was sure to be a defense of the wondrous ways of "Why just speak excitedly about one subject when you could sing about two or more" . . . etc. when Ainariel, sensing that this had the makings of a long dialogue, spoke up. "Look, let's just go. It's getting colder by the minute, and I can always hit him with my purse if he tries anything." Her gaze shifted to glower at the man sideways, just to indicate she was serious. A slight bit of terror filled the man's eyes at this proposition, but obviously as eager to exit the freezing outdoors as soon as possible and narrate his tale, he merely said, "The cabin's this way. Just follow me." "I still think this is a bad idea," muttered Nienna as they began to stroll quickly down the winding dirt path leading into the woods. "But does anyone ever listen to me?" "Don't worry, I'm still listening, Nienna," remarked Lily, patting her shoulder. "Even if you do worry way too much." "Oh, thanks." The cabin was heaven. The girls were sure of it. Toastier than a beautiful July afternoon, the warm, smooth wood of the floor was outdone only by the soft rug, woven of the coziest twirls of color the world could devise. Breathing deeply of the crisp, crackling scents coming from flame and hewn pine, Lily spun in bliss, skirt flaring out. Nienna and Ainariel were only slightly less excited. "Oh, thank you," Ainariel gushed, rubbing her arms to warm up. "You have no idea how good this feels." "Ahhh . . . I can feel my toes again." Nienna sighed, then narrowed her eyes at Lily, who stopped swirling around to meet her gaze, "Of course, they wouldn't have been numb in the first place if it weren't for a certain 'hobbit' and her 'if Frodo can do it, I can too' attitude. "Hey," Lily protested, "we'd have been fine if the tire hadn't popped." "Oh, so it's my fault now, is it?" "Um, I'm going to go call a tow truck," Ainariel edged away, turning to the man. "Could you tell me where the phone is?" "Over there, on the table." "Thanks." Meanwhile, Nienna and Lily were still arguing. " . . .And now we're in a strange house – " " – Cabin." Nienna intensified her glare. "Same thing. Anyway a strange habitation with a strange man whose name we still don't know . . ." Perhaps recognizing that at last here was a problem she could solve, Lily whipped toward the man. "Oy! What's your name?" Although a little astounded at Lily's needing to call out loudly in a one room cabin, he responded. "Tom. Tom 'Bombur' Dil." Lily considered this. "Why do you have quotation marks around your middle name?" "My mother enjoyed the sound it made. Now why don't you three come over and sit by the fire while I tell you this tale?" "Um, Ainariel's still by the phone." Nienna noted. "Actually, I'm not," she stated disgustedly, striding over. "They needed an address, and of course I couldn't give them one." She scowled at the man as if it were his fault she hadn't asked for an address before calling. "Let's just listen to the story," Lily suggested, "and maybe we can figure out what to do afterwards." "Yeah, like when ROTK's already over and it doesn't matter anyway," Nienna grumbled, but followed them over nevertheless. Within moments she was enjoying the comforts of a large armchair, smothered in a woven throw, while Lily and Ainariel curled up on opposite ends of the small couch, snuggling into the pillows, sneaking their frozen toes into the creases between the cushions. As for Tom "Bombur" Dil, he was reclining in a rocking chair, puffing at a long, clay pipe, pushing himself back and forth, back and forth . . .at least until Lily complained of dizziness. Then he ceased, and began to speak. "Now when Tolkien penned that literary masterpiece, The Lord of the Rings ," he opened, "he wrote down what actually happened. Or at least one version of it, for as with every story, there are different points of view on what actually occurred. This story takes place in Middle-earth, at the time of the War of the Ring, and includes the Fellowship and all the other familiar elements found in The Lord of the Rings , but it is not quite the same tale. You see . . ." "Hold it," Nienna demanded, "this isn't going to be a breach of canon, is it? There aren't any Mary-sues in this story? Because if there are . . ." she trailed off meaningfully, indicating that her ensuing actions if it were would not be pleasant. "That is up to you." Tom smiled. "What do you mean?" Lily was perplexed. "I'm confused. You're the one telling the story." "Am I?" Tom smiled once again, sending another smoke cloud sailing toward the three girls. Lily, who abhorred anything having to do with tobacco, hacked meaningfully. The man ignored her. Those were the last spoken words (and hacks) the girls heard for a while, as their vision was clouded in purple. Ainariel thought for a moment that it was the smoke from the pipe, but a second later, she knew she was wrong. The oddest sensation swelled up in them – like they were both sinking and floating, breathing and suffocating, inventing and destroying, and, for an even weirder addition to this already terrifying mix, like they were savoring a piece of chocolate cake with no flavor. At least this made Nienna happy. She didn't like chocolate cake.