I might have one.' Then he walked boldly in front of the group and slowly started to list off a poem; A team of green; A creature of spite; A riddle to fiddle; An answer of might. Then he stepped back and blushed. 'That was…' Heather began, 'um…interesting.' 'Patriotism!' Ray yelled to the audience, 'Lovely, I do love poetry, folks. Next question!' It was History next. 'Oh, no,' Amanda muttered as The Fellowship eagerly nodded to each other; 'they'll have a completely different sense of time.' 'In 1773, tea was thrown into the Boston Harbor,' the voice read out, 'what was this iconic act called?' 'Shit,' Heather muttered, 'I should have paid attention in grade seven history class…' 'It's on the tip of my tongue,' Amanda hopped up and down as the other team collaborated, 'I remember the teacher telling it to us offhandedly because it was an American thing…was it called the Boston Protest?' 'Why not try?' Heather shrugged. 'We'll lose a point!' 'Not like it's the end of the world.' 'C'mon, people, this is only the third question!' Ray impatiently said. 'Um,' Amanda spoke up, 'Boston Protest; answer.' There was silence, and then the stage lights flashed red. 'Incorrect!' the voice huffed. 'Damn,' Amanda frowned, just as Frodo spoke up. 'Boston Tea Party; answer,' the hobbit cried out. 'Correct!' Amanda and Heather whipped around. 'How did you know that?' Heather asked in amazement. 'Well, they dumped tea into that Boston Harbor,' Frodo shuffled his feet, 'logically, that would make the tea, and logically that would make a tea party is Boston Harbor. It makes sense, see.' 'A hobbit from the Shire knows more of our history then we do,' Heather grimaced, 'figures. Hey, Sam, why not have some more poetry?' 'Half a minute,' the hobbit replied, 'I need to get my bearings. Why would people dump such perfect tea into a harbor? Seems like a waste, if you get what I'm saying.' 'Fine,' Heather sighed, 'if you're not in a Shakespeare mood then somebody else should do something before Ray goes and gets another question going.' And that's when Gollum started to sing. ' The rocks and pool Is nice and cool So juicy sweet Our only wish To catch a fish So juicy sweet ' The sound of his voice made all the chattering across the audience stop. 'He sounded like a mix between a dying alpaca and a weed hacker,' Heather commented when Gollum finished his singing, 'also, that had nothing to do with the tea-party-thingamabob. I wanted something poetic, not nightmarish.' 'That was,' Ray mumbled into his mike, 'um…really…I don't know what to say.' Somebody from the audience yelled out 'That's a first!' and Ray was right back to his old self. 'Very funny,' he said in a sarcastic voice, 'now, next question folks! Let's keep the ball rolling.' It continued on like this. Each person got a chance to say a poem or two when the team scored a point (which happened more often then you would think.) Heather's was the shortest, being a two-liner; We won a point, You have a face that makes me disappoint. Legolas ended up having the longest poem, which started out somewhere around points, then switched to arrow-points, then switched into the long verses of elf history, ending up somewhere between old wars and seedcake. Finally, Ray had to calm him down, and he looked very ruffled. 'Nobody tells an elf prince to be quiet,' he huffed. The blue team seemed to be getting rather bored at this time, and completely ignored the next question, hearing it only as another verse of the poetry. That made an easy point for the green team, and tied up the game, 14-14. 'The next question could determine a winner!' Ray said in an excited tone, 'Usually at this point I ask for the teams to do a battle cry, but since we've already had so much poetry, I think I'll just skip that part.' But it was too late, 'Battle cry?' Gimli called out, 'My father, Gloin, had a great tune he used to sing when he was marching out, whether to a battle or to a celebration. I shall recount it now, in this time of need!' 'No!' Ray, Heather, and Amanda all cried out at once, but like I said, it was too late. Gimli started to sing loud and clear, and it took twenty minutes to shut him up. In the end, Heather had to take off one of her socks and wrap it around his face. 'Thank you!' said an exasperated Ray, 'Hurry, next question!' The word Novels popped up on the screen. The blue team groaned; apparently this was the toughest category. 'Name all the members of the Lord of the Rings Fellowship,' the pleasant female voice said. Heather and Amanda looked at each other in shock. 'Easy,' Boromir frowned at the screen, 'Frodo, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Legolas, Gimli, I (Boromir), Aragorn, and Gandalf; answer.' 'Correct!' There was cheering and confetti started to fall. Heather was confused. 'Either that was fluke or that was planned,' she muttered to Amanda as Ray handed a perplexed Boromir a cheque, 'I'm going with planned.' Then the lights went out and The Fellowship (plus Amanda, Heather, and Gollum, of course) were back in that dark room. 'That wasn't pointless at all,' Heather grumbled sarcastically, pulling out her phone and turning it on. 'Actually, no, it wasn't point less,' Legolas reminded her, 'seeing as we ended up with fifteen points .' ' Legolas is evolving! Legolas evolved into annoying comedian !' Heather hissed at him, but the Pokémon reference was not very effective. Couple things before you go :P I don't own the 'fish' poem that Gollum sings, I don't own any of the LOTR characters (sadly :c), etc, etc. This chapter (after reading over it) wasn't nearly as funny as I thought it would be. BEAR WITH ME, HOPEFULLY IT WILL GET BETTER. xD Make sure to read and review!