This was the beginning of letting go, and she found it was a rather bittersweet subject to breach, much less contemplate. Legolas shrugged slightly and smiled awkwardly at Lariana. None of them were certain how to approach this situation. None of the ellyn had ever dealt with an adamant, sulky child whose emotions exploded into a myriad of experiences for them. "I think I have a solution, if it would be agreeable to you, Lariana?" He looked down at his newest friend and smiled sweetly, almost adoringly. Hopefully, Kara's mother would give her blessing and they all would be satisfied, Kara especially. "I'm listening." Lariana knew her patience wouldn't be a virtue for much longer. This forest wasn't the safest location, although she deemed their safety wasn't much of an issue with four male elves present. If she judged them by their clothing, weapons and braids, she'd assume they were warriors. "Would it be permissible for us to visit your home and occasionally allow her to come to King Thranduil's home for several days?" Lariana's mouth shot open. Allow her daughter to venture into the heart of Northern Mirkwood for days? What was Legolas thinking? "It would be best to allow several days for travel time, not to mention as long as she's in my father's home she would be cared for, watched over and protected. She wouldn't be allowed to roam the forest without me or any of the elves present along with a contingency of guards. You would also be welcome to come with her. I wouldn't presume to overstep your authority." "Your father? You're Prince Legolas?" The astonishment and awe in her voice was the typical reaction he hated. "Yes. I am royalty, but you never need use titles or fear me. Consider me your friend- both of you." Cocking her head to the side, Lauriana stared at Legolas trying to discern if there were any hidden motives. "Why are you doing this? You don't really know either of us." The trio of elves that had fallen back stepped forward. Haldir smiled briefly. "I am named Haldir of Lothlorien. Within the extremely small amount of time we've known your daughter, she has entertained us, proven that mortals still possess courage and has given us a glimpse into her loyalty, the qualities that she will bear as she ages." "Simply put...Kara is a gift. I am Elladan, son to Lord Elrond of Rivendell." He inclined his head in a slight bow. "Her laughter lifted our spirits, lightened our hearts." The last elf stepped forward. "I am Elrohir, Elladan's twin, which I'm certain you've already arrived at that conclusion." Dark twinkling eyes lit up his face coupled with a beautiful grin. "Kara is an intriguing creature, pure, inquisitive, everything that we adore. Elflings are so rare these days that the only little ones we see are mortal children," he ended sadly. "We need her light, her curiosity, her giving nature, her spiritedness. Whatever she can give...whatever you can give, will allow either of you to give, will be considered the greatest blessing and gifts you could ever hope to bestow. We ask for nothing more." "I could come as well?" Lariana's resolved seemed to melt under such eloquent persuasion. "Yes," Legolas affirmed. "The both of you would be welcome to stay as long as you wish. It is my hope that you'll come. I think there's much we all could ascertain from each other." "Can we, mama?" Legolas turned his gaze to the precious girl in his arms. I thought you'd fallen asleep! He mused with a grin. "You've been so still and quiet," he admitted with a laugh, the sound gentle, airy as the breeze that crept in, stirring their clothes and hair. "As long as I can accompany her, I agree, Legolas." She swallowed hard and hoped this wouldn't return to haunt them. "When will these visits begin?" "The end of the week, perhaps?" "That is fine for us. I have a little something to add, though." A serious expression crossed her face. "The first several visits are to be at our home- no negotiations on this. I will also come with her to your home until she's older and we're much more familiar with you, your father, your friends and your people." "I agree." He lifted his hand from Kara's back and shook hands with her mother. Only, and only, then did Kara release Legolas and jumped to the ground. "Until next time, Legolas, Haldir, Elrohir and Elladan!" Kara hugged each of them in return and giggled at the twins' good natured ribbing, joking that they meant the most as they'd been the last to receive any affection. Lariana took Kara's hand and solemnly walked out of the forest, their forms vanishing from sight; Kara's sweet laughter cajoling the wind to play, the sun to shine, and four ellyn to wander how a mortal captured their hearts so easily and swiftly. Legolas stood silently. Placing a hand over his heart, he felt the stirrings of something unfamiliar, something so foreign that he hadn't a name for it. Regardless, he felt it was the beginning of something timeless, something wondrous. That night little Kara dreamed of four male elves, one in particular. A male with long, pale-blond hair, eyes as blue and deep as the sea, his soft voice soothing her like a gentle lullaby. Within the confines of her dream she saw him, heard him. Wrapped in the arms of peaceful dreams, she whispered, "Good night, Legolas." Deep within the safety of his room, he heard her exhausted whisper and smiled. Something wondrous and timeless, indeed. A/N: Jeez...I didn't mean to write a chapter this long! I can't recall ever writing one this long, but I just couldn't stop. Sad, isn't it? I hope that for those of you reading that you enjoyed it at least a little bit. If you did, just hit the button and let me know. Have a great weekend everyone! :)