then at her palms. "Yes. He was my brother." "Your brother is safe; I have tended his wounds to my best ability." Strider insisted. "You're wrong..." "I beg your pardon?" "It is not Meldarion's voice I heard...It belonged to my youngest brother Glandur...he-he-" she found she could not finish her sentence, and she fell to her knees, crying. "Forgive me," she gasped through tears. "It has been too long since I have had the proper time to-to-" her face contorted, and she let out a sob. " To mourn!" Strider dared not near the young elf, and when Sam, Merry, and Pippin rose from their spots, he held a hand out loosely that halted their actions. He stared at the young girl with intense eyes, slowly letting his hand drop to his side. "Whatever happened to you and your brother, is over. You may take your time mourning, but remember it is in your best interest to gather your strength. I promise to protect you two...you have my word. Does that help to ease your burdens?" She only had the strength to nod, before a large bird swooped down from overhead unexpectedly. Ethiriel yelped in surprise, hiding her face beneath her arms. Had they found them? Would they kill their new acquaintances or take them too? There was a thud, and the flapping of wings. She braved a glance up to find an old man holding himself up with a walking stick as he greeted Strider. They talked for a few minutes, and she watched intently, honing in on every word. "Gandalf!" "Yes?" he squinted distractedly, then examined the small clearing "no, no, where is he?" "If it is Frodo whom you speak of, then he should be in Rivendell by now." "What?" He scratched his head in frustration. "I said I would meet him in Bree at the Prancing Pony," "Where'd you go, Gandalf?" Asked Sam. "I was regrettably delayed..." There was vagueness in his raspy, deep voice that implied betrayal. Even from far away, she could see it in his eyes. Strider offered for him to sit on a rock, which the old man accepted gratefully. After a while of thinking, and a long awkward silence, the old man raised his head. "What became of Frodo that he had to be rushed so quickly?" Strider sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Ring-wraiths." "Ah... It is as I feared...this complicates circumstances entirely." "What's that mean?" Voiced Pippin. "Frodo will be fine, won't he?" "Do not worry yourself, Peregrin Took, we shall see soon enough." That didn't seem to encourage anyone, and as they all became lost in their thoughts, Ethiriel felt herself drift farther and farther into sleep. It felt like only five minutes later when she was being shaken. "Ethiriel needs to eat. Has she awoken yet, Sam?" She opened her eyes and stared up at the person she assumed to be Sam. He looked like the others, but his eyes were soft and brave. "Hello," He smiled. She burst into tears once again. Sam jumped away, startled at her remorse. "I'm sorry!" He cried out. Then he drew near again, albeit hesitantly. "Please don't cry...I don't mean to hurt you, I mean to help . Please...stop crying. I'm a hobbit of my word, an honest hobbit!" She tried to find it in herself to speak, but couldn't. The small man smiled kindly, going to the fire. "Elves suffer from terrible sorrow." She gasped, her head shot towards the old man, Gandalf, who had just finished his own meal. He placed a small bowl down beside him and leaned back against a tree, staring into the flames. "Do not let it overcome you. Your brother needs you." "My brother?" Ethiriel whispered. "Yes," Gandalf turned to look at her. "He is doing well, he will make it to Rivendell, and they will heal his wounds." Sam came back to hand her stew, and she accepted it, for it warmed her hands. He then went to go sit with his two friends. "What's a hobbit?" She asked Strider. He stared at her, looking perturbed. "A halfling." When he saw there was no recognition he continued. "These three come from the Shire. Have you never heard of Hobbits?" "If I had, I think I may have forgotten. It has been a long time since I had ever been home. I'm afraid I do not know what home looks like." As she said this, a single tear rolled down her cheek, and she prevented torrents of bitter rivers to flow freely down her face. Strider said nothing. Just as he was about to offer his condolences, Sam turned and looked with sad eyes at the Ranger. "Do you think," he began, "that Mr. Frodo will be okay?" "He is in good hands. Frodo will pull through. Do not lose hope so soon." Gandalf replied. Sam nodded tiredly. "You're right...it's just..." He teared up, eyes stinging with frustration. He slammed his fist onto the ground. "He's just got to be okay! He's got to!" Merry and Pippin sat beside him sadly, no longer in the mood for stew. "I'll save it for supper," Merry muttered. "We've already had supper," Strider furrowed his brow, as if this conversation had come up one too many times. "No, we had dinner. Supper is the last meal of the day," Explained Pippin. "After Breakfast, second breakfast, elvenses, lunch, and afternoon tea." "Of course." He said dryly. "Shall we get ready, gentlemen? It is not far." "But what if it gets dark? Who knows what's out in these woods?" "No." Sam said, packing quickly. "We have to be getting to Mr. Frodo." Ethiriel rested as they gathered their things, watching Meldarion's chest rise and fall. It reminded her that he was alive. If only barely. "Now, let us be on our way." A/N: Just an experiment! I appreciate constructive criticism! And I'm sorry if anything is inaccurate, I only recently became obsessed with it…thank you for reading!