come a time when he will appreciate every inch of the world around him. May this time not come too soon – for it is pain and hardship that most teach to notice all that seems natural and usual when life is easy. "Do it, Halbarad," he says suddenly, still gazing ahead. "What should I do?" I ask, uncertain. "Punish me. I deserve it. Maybe that way I will learn to control myself better. Maybe if nothing else works, it is the only way…" he continues, but I do not listen anymore. Oh, Aragorn, why do you not believe in yourself? Where does this lack of self-esteem come from? Why do you want to resort to such methods? Do you really think this will help you in any way? Ah, my friend, so many questions! But I would not dare ask any of them, not now. But I see how much your nostalgia has affected you. How can I help you? I smile to myself. I think I already know. Meanwhile, I gently pat the Chieftain's arm and he stops talking in mid-sentence. "Well, Aragorn, if you are to be punished, go back now to the fire and enjoy your evening with the Rangers while you still can." I grin at him wickedly. He smiles back and complies. This time I sit alone, my back turned towards the camp. I listen to the whispering trees. *** I look around at the faces surrounding me, all watching me in anticipation of the verdict. I think I can see some fear in Tathardor's eyes – he is not sure what will happen to Aragorn. Ah, they are alike in one case – blaming. I am positive he has already decided to burden himself with the responsibility for whatever the Chieftain's punishment will be. "By the decision of the second-in-command of the Dúnedain of the North…" Usually it would be Aragorn's duty to judge – although situations when someone really needs to be judged are exceedingly rare – but today he is to be sentenced, so I, as the second-in-command, have taken over the responsibility. Everyone was greatly surprised when I announced that the Chieftain would be punished for causing a life-threatening situation , as I put it then, though I did not mention that it was his will to be punished. I felt – and still feel – terrible. I have never liked judging people, let alone judging my friend and Chieftain, who, in addition, has not deserved any punishment – apart from the one he is to receive. Yes, that he has deserved! "…Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and Chieftain to the Dúnedain has been found guilty of causing a possibly life-threatening situation…" Oh, Valar. It sounds inane. I feel inane. But that will not last long now and in a while all will be clear. I hope I have chosen wisely. The punishment cannot be too harsh, yet Aragorn has to become a better man after that. I know he will. He is now looking at me. His face seems indifferent, but his eyes tell me the truth. He is impatient. He would like it all to be finished already. So would I. He shifts uneasily, trying to read my eyes. But my eyes are cold and unmoved. He will learn my decision along with others. I can hear the whispering trees, the soft and sweet sound making a pleasant background for my words. "..and therefore is sentenced to leave the company of the Rangers of the North for the time being, and spend the forthcoming months in Rivendell. He will be also regularly lectured by Lord Erestor, and is forbidden to cause any trouble in the aforementioned place. He will leave immediately." My gaze wanders and I see uncertain smiles on the faces of my kinsmen. But in a moment all the grins will broaden, and some of the men will most likely laugh light-heartedly. The smile on Aragorn's face is already huge, his eyelashes wet and I again see tears in his eyes – but this time these are the tears of joy. He soundlessly mouths a thank-you and then turns away. I join him, and walk him to his horse, helping him collect his belongings. When he finally straps the last piece of equipment, he turns to me. "Thank you, Halbarad." I pull him into a close brotherly hug. "Well, return one day, my friend. We will miss you. You do not want us to suffer that way, do you?" I tease him as he pulls away, eyeing me with a mischievous smile. "I will come back, I promise. But there has not been a hurricane in Rivendell for a long time… Too long for my liking." His eyes shine, as if they were smiling as well. They are. Estel Elrondion is back in Aragorn, son of Arathorn. May he never lose this part of himself. May he always remain a young, cheerful boy deep in his heart. "Let me hope that Lord Elrond will not be forced to do anything like what I just have to make you go back to us." I wink as he mounts his steed. "Do not worry," he assures, "I will miss your company, too." "You can always come with your brothers. You know that we all treasure their friendship," I add. "I know." Aragorn slowly turns his horse and they both begin their journey back home. "May the Valar watch over you on your way to Rivendell." He turns again and raises his hand in the gesture of farewell. I watch him disappear in the shades of the forest, and somehow feel happier myself, my heart lighter. Now everything is going to be well. Aragorn, my friend, may the longing of your heart be indeed healed in the House of Elrond, and may you return to us refreshed when the time comes. I promenade back towards the heart of our camp, accompanied by the joyous whispering of the trees. The End