laughter, they stayed on the floor in a heap. "What if a servant walks in?" Faramir worried. "We're trying to find the ring of office." Denethor said coolly, as Boromir said blithely "We're practicing emergency procedures. Stay below the smoke!" Faramir snorted. Denethor groaned and squirmed. "Boromir, child, you know I love you, but you are much, much too heavy to be sitting on Ada!" "Tell Faramir that. He's the one on my lap!" Faramir laughed and rolled to his feet, helping them both up. Denethor dusted off his robes and glared. "On the bed, both of you!" Boromir draped himself artistically across the bottom of the bed as Faramir sat cross-legged in the middle, and Denethor sat on the edge, propping himself on his elbows. "Youngest to eldest!" Boromir crowed. Faramir snorted. "We did that last year." "So? I like stability." He sighed, and went to retrieve his gifts. There was little point- they both knew what he had gotten them, but he also knew they would pretend to be surprised. Like all things within the family, it was a game that was played with masks and words. But this game was more fun than most they played. Boromir was truly delighted with the leather vambrances, and Denethor liked the paperweight he had carved for him. A bird swooping to a branch, wings spread, with each feather carefully and lovingly carved. The carving had taken Faramir the better part of a year, and he was proud of it. It looked nearly lifelike, and perhaps it was a testament to Denethor's liking both the gift and the giver, that in the later years when his mind began to go and his temper to slip, it was the one thing in his office he never threw. "Now, for your gift." Denethor smiled at his younger son. This year Faramir truly didn't know what he was being given- that had not happened since his mother had died, and he wondered what the gifts could possibly be. Denethor held out a thick double lined cloak, which, by undoing the buttons and redoing them, could become a bedroll. It was a lovely gift. He sighed and hugged the warm garment. "Thank you, father, it is just what I needed." His father grinned and tossed him a pair of archers gloves. "I had some trouble finding those on such short notice." The inside of the leather gloves was rabbit fur, with slip off mitten tops, just pull them back and your fingers were free and mobile, while on long walks you would flip them up and your fingers were together and warm. Faramir knew he was in no danger of having any more frostbite. Boromir grinned and held out a long leather strap with pincers on both ends. "Put it round your neck, up your coat sleeves, Far, and then when you must take them off, you won't lose them!" Boromir also had given him a new copy of the book of elvish poetry Faramir was so fond of. He had lost his last copy somehow. "Oh, and the council and I had an emergency meeting at dawn- I told them that there had been enough stalling- Henneth Annun will have supplies, child. Your men will be cared for as well as we can. I promise more food, and medicine, at the very least, and perhaps also some weather gear. I freed up the budget from state affairs which no one attends, anyway, and also I discovered a little padding going into pockets. I then removed said lining from said pockets, so I really believe we will be able to help you a great deal." Faramir did not know why, but tears pricked in his eyes, and his father hugged him. "You should have told me sooner that it was so hard, child. It has never been an easy posting- it never will be, which is why I chose you for it. You are strong enough to handle it. But you are my son, and I will take care of you, and never ask you to do something I don't think you can do. I promise. I will not let Henneth Annun kill you. Sooner would I lose the posting." Faramir held onto his father tightly. It was a good day, a very good day. "Happy Mettare, ada." He whispered. "I love you." Faramir stared out the window at the snow falling. "I was terribly sick the next day, but I still went back to my posting without telling anyone about it. I felt it to be my duty. Once there, I collapsed, and for three weeks it was touch and go. We were snowed in, and our healer was, as usual, unavailable." He smiled. "When the rangers finally managed to take me back to the City, Father and Boromir both screamed at me, and Father said if I ever did something that stupid again, he would personally tan my hide. Which he then proceeded to do." Tears filled his eyes, but he smiled. "Love is what Mettare is all about, love and new beginnings, and forgiveness." He raised his glass to a toast. "And most of all, family." "To family." They echoed. The ghosts smiled at each other. "You see? He knew." The one said. He had the look of a noble warrior about him. The other nodded. "I am glad of that." "It is nearly time to go." "You go ahead, I will be right there." The ghost moved to Faramir, looking at him lovingly and reached out to touch his face. His hair was long and dark, and his eyes were piercing grey. "Blessed Mettare, child." He whispered, longing plain in his well cultured face. Faramir smiled quietly, and his eyes followed the figure as he left the room. Yes, he had seen them all along. For Mettare is when the spirits walk the earth. "Blessed Mettare, Father, brother." He said, so softly none heard him. And it was a blessed Mettare.