him believe he was on the same status as Finwë to be another exception to the customary law? What had overcome him to even make such a bold move? It was not evil, no, but the Kin-slaying began innocently enough with the possession of the Trees' Lights in the Simarilli. As the famed Teleri saying went: "Even Fëanor was born pure and innocent". It was a line familiar to all the children of the Teleri, who usually responded with a roll of their eyes. All Arqueno could do was pray fervently, yet not allow his hopes to soar too high. The response came two months after his arrival. He was at the lake behind his house, feeding his beloved swans just as Vanië had done of late. He heard the softest crunch of grass beneath the herald's boots advancing swiftly towards him. Arqueno tried to hide his emotions. The slightest shake of his hands as he fed the alabaster swans betrayed him. The herald stopped shortly before him, bowing fluidly. His demeanor was grim; only the silver gleam of his eyes beneath his helm, shaped like that of the great Eagles of his Lord Manwë, gave away anything. Arqueno bowed in return, for he did not know whether the herald was of Elven kind or Maia, and what did it truly matter anyway? The message would be delivered either way. He indicated several chaises nearby for the two of them to sit on, and called for the servants to bring some food and drink. But the herald spoke then, after a lengthy period of silence, refusing to allow himself to rest: "I have not come to partake of your hospitality, as honorable and appreciated as it is." Arqueno's heart skipped a few beats. He was thankful for the servants who appeared then, and partook himself of the wine they offered. The herald waited for him to take a few sips before speaking again, standing directly in front of him in a formidable stance. Arqueno was reminded of the Eagles on the hunt; did they have this pose before capturing their prey? Was he now the Lord of the Wind's prey? The symbolism was too much for his nerves to handle at that moment. "Long has your case been thought over by His Majesty, Manwë. His decision was made only after careful deliberation with others of his equals and those lesser yet with sound judgment. Before I inform you of His decision, is there nothing you would do to gain what you desire? Apart from seeking the pity of your own King, and that of the Valar, is there anything? For there is naught that comes without a price; such is the way of the world, equilibrium maintained." Arqueno did not reply immediately, allowing this information to sink into his mind carefully. From what he heard, he was able to glean rather important notes. Firstly, the length of time meant there was some conflict even amongst the Valar themselves regarding the marital law. His hope soared a little at this despite his better judgment. Secondly, and most importantly, he was being asked to contemplate a bargain. If the Vala he had beseeched so earnestly did not think his case worthy, a bargain would not have been mentioned. He had never thought of this possibility, yet looking back now with this information, he wondered how he had overlooked that option. The Noldor gave up returning to Valinor in their quest to return to Middle-earth. They believed in their Oath as dearly as he believed in Nolwi. Truly, love rendered its victims helpless, and Arqueno was desperate now. He thought wildly of what sacrifice he would endure. As the images of Finwë, Míriel Serindë, and Fëanor flashed through his mind, he said, "Children." The herald was taken aback as he looked at him. Clearly he had not expected this, the same as Arqueno. The Teleri would not refute his word now. Whatever it would take for him to obtain Nolwi as his wife he was prepared to sacrifice. The herald's eyes glittered again as he cocked his head, and Arqueno again recalled dueling Eagles during a fight, sizing one another up. "You would vanquish your blessing of children to have Nolwi?" the herald said softly. Arqueno nodded, swallowing hard, yet holding firmly. "Very well…" It was in this manner that he had obtained his wife. He recalled the herald asking him something before leaving, which at the time he had considered insignificant: "If you seek in some manner revenge, would you repent of your plea?" Now Arqueno understood. There was nothing that was not some semblance of seeking revenge when it regarded the Fëanorians. The Teleri were not fully at ease with the Kin-slaying and its perpetrators, even after all these long Ages of the world. The serenity of Valinor seemed to only breed more contempt and ill will in the hearts of some of its inhabitants. That question came back to haunt Arqueno later, when after a time, he desired children with Nolwi, to show her what a true family of Valinor was like. He had grown wary of her tales of her daughters, convinced that they were as full of malice as their sire, and his own sire. Even though Nolwi was content with no children from her new husband, he was not. The realization of his bargain with the Valar, and the herald's statement, silenced him. He had never told Nolwi for fear of his own reactions, not hers. He had said himself he only desired her, and no one else. Yet when Vanië had appeared, and he beheld Nolwi's satisfaction, he felt his heart go out to this daughter of his wife even as his soul grew cold in remembrance of his solemn promise. His tears fell anew as he planted a kiss atop his stead's muzzle, saying, "I have not been faithful to you either Nolwi, meldanya (my dear). I am alike to Caranthir as well, keeping secrets."