are for. "Come back home, brother," Faramir whispered to the wind, hoping it would carry his message. He stared out into the courtyard, waiting for an answer. But none came, just as he had expected. There was no way to make Boromir come home sooner, he knew, but he could always dream. Life just wasn't the same. Faramir missed his brother with such vigor that he felt a dull ache in his chest. He wondered if Boromir missed him just as much. And he wondered if he was okay. I may never have to face the anger of those guns, Or lie cold and wounded in my blood, Or know the sacrifice and what it must of cost For him to love me that much. Faramir knew he would have to go out to battle in just a few years. He knew he had to follow in his brother's footsteps. And he knew he wasn't looking forward to it. There wasn't much of an explanation for his dread, it was just a feeling. Feelings that stemmed from an overactive imagination perhaps. He didn't understand how Boromir could go into battle so calmly, so easily, so bravely. Was it because he knew he was fighting for the things he loved? His country, his city, his father... and his brother? Faramir couldn't wrap his mind around it. Just how much did Boromir love him in order for him to sacrifice so much? Well, it had been two years, And I held back my tears When I saw him in that wheel chair on the shore. Faramir woke up months later to the ringing of silver trumpets in the morning breeze. Whether by instinct or by thought, he was immediately out of bed, throwing on his clothes on the run. He knew, just knew, that it was his brother that the trumpets were welcoming. And sure enough, as he made it past the edge of the citadel, he caught a glimpse of soldiers on horseback making their way into the city. Running as fast as his short legs would carry him, Faramir flew down the levels of the city, pushing past people as he went. When he finally reached the first level, he was panting heavily. But that didn't keep him from searching the crowd that had gathered there. The first riders had already started their way up into the circles of the city, and Faramir was dismayed to find his brother absent among them. Boromir would've been one of the first through the gates, for he would be at the head of the column. He swallowed nervously, feeling a sense of foreboding, and continued to scan the crowd. Moments later, a roofless wagon passed through the gates. It was drawn by two horses and it bore many men. Faramir felt a sudden sorrow fall over the crowd as the wagon slowly made its way in, and he suddenly knew why. The wagon bore the wounded. Each of the men on the wagon had bandages covering some part of them, and many of them still had blood stains on their clothes. He felt like he shouldn't stare, but Faramir found himself unable to take his eyes off the wagon. Moments later, he found why. The wagon shifted a bit as it continued up the streets, and Faramir suddenly saw his brother. Boromir was sitting in the back of the wagon, close to the edge. He had his eyes closed and was leaning back against the side. Tears suddenly sprang to Faramir's eyes as he took in his brother. His hero with bandages that were stained red wrapped around a leg. For a moment, he was shocked into a thoughtless void and he found himself unable to move. The moment passed soon enough, however, and he yelled, "Boromir!" His voice came out in a near scream. And as I ran and held him tight, That's when he looked me in the eye And said I'm sorry that you have to push me home. And I said hey, this is what brothers are for. "Boromir!" he called again as the tears threatened to overflow. Then his legs propelled him forward toward the wagon. By then, the wagon had passed him and was a short distance away. He yelled out again, all the while sprinting as fast as he could toward the moving wagon. It was a moment of deja vu, he remembered running to catch his brother months ago. People got out of his way without his asking. All of them looked on with pity as the Steward's younger son rushed to reach his wounded brother. When Faramir yelled out again, he was close enough to see Boromir open his eyes and look about him. His gaze immediately focused on his younger brother, and a smile touched his lips. Seeing the smile, Faramir's tears broke free. He boldly leapt onto the back of the wagon and crushed his brother in a tight hug in less than a second. Boromir hugged him back and the brothers were caught in an embrace for what seemed like a long, long time. And when they finally let go, it was Faramir who drew back first. Through silent tears, Faramir looked his brother over. He glanced briefly at the bandage, but quickly adverted his eyes. "I'm sorry you have to see me this way, little brother," Boromir said softly. Faramir shook his head. "I'm just glad you're finally home." "And I'm glad to be home," Boromir replied. "I missed you so much." He drew Faramir back into a tight embrace. "I missed you too," Faramir said against his brother's broad shoulder. "And I prayed for you to come back everyday." Boromir sighed contently. "Oh, how I love you, my little one." He pressed a light kiss to Faramir's hair and closed his eyes in pure joy. This was home. "I love you too, Boromir. It's what brothers are for," Faramir said with sincerity, and the world was at peace again.