silent friend was that there were no visitors or strangers in Rivendell; hadn't been for some time. The attacker was one of their own. It was the deciding factor that lead him to bring Glorfindel to his private chambers rather than the healer's ward. Erestor bolted his chamber door behind him before laying Glorfindel out on the center of his bed. His heart was icy with terror. With injuries like that which Glorfindel had he should have been in immense pain and expressing it so yet he'd remained totally silent during the trip to the chamber. He now the only sound he made was the harsh struggle for breath. There was nothing he could do for the bad swelling at his throat but he was able to clear away the crusted blood from his broken nose hoping it might help. As soon as he felt Glorfindel would not perish if he looked away Erestor scribbled out a hasty message folding it tightly and went to find a messenger; taking a key to his room with him for he bolted it behind him. "Take this to Lord Elrond immediately. Tis for his eyes only and it is urgent" he snarled hurriedly to the first attendant he found then ran back to his chamber without checking that his instructions were followed. He sighed as he reentered his room and went immediately to Glorfindel relieved to see his still breathed, albeit greatly labored. He began to prepare his friend for Elrond's healing attentions gently pulling off the ruined shirt and then his breeches covering him with the thick warm blankets of his bed to keep him warm. Once this was done he retrieved water and a hand towel and started to clean away the blood. He was no healer but in all his years he'd learned the basics and what a healer would need done in preparation for their work. Time seemed to drag on slowly. Glorfindel trembled violently now his flesh feeling even colder to touch as he slipped deeper and deeper into shock. Erestor hurriedly grabbed coals from the hearth into a warming pot and slipped it beneath the blankets trying to provide more warmth feeling useless. "Hold on mellon-nin, just hold on a little longer" he whispered as he went back to scrubbing the blood. "Erestor" the door snapped open and shut abruptly startling Erestor so that he grabbed at a small dagger he'd been sharpening recently from the side table ready to defend until recognition sunk into his mind. "Elrond" he breathed out feeling a sense of relief spreading through his chest. The Rivendell Lord further entered the room further his brow furrowing at the sight of the Balrog slayer. "How long has he been like this?" he snapped pushing his counselor out of the way as the healer in him kicked into play as he pulled back the coverings. "Several hours I would guess, the blood on him was mostly dry and there was a large pool of blood that was also nearly dried" his voice cracked slightly. Elrond let out a whispered curse trailing his fingers as gently as possible over Glorfindel's ribs. "Oh mellon-nin" his eyes closed for a moment struggling to keep his emotions reigned in. "Nearly all his ribs are broken" he growled tracing the bones of his right arm next spending a great deal of time at the hand. Erestor paced and stared on in fearful uselessness. There had to be something more he could do besides stand back and wait. Time passed almost not at all as Elrond worked methodically and thoroughly moving from wound to wound. Erestor fetched cold water, hot water, bandages, whatever Elrond asked of him and yet he still felt useless. He held Glorfindel still when the healer pulled the chunk of wood from his side and again when the bone in his wrist was forced back into his body and realigned yet he had not been needed for either task. Glorfindel made no response to anything. Not a sound. "By Eru what did this?" Elrond hissed angrily seeing the mighty gash starting just behind and above Glorfindel's left ear and curving all the way around to mid-eyebrow between the actual brow and edge of the eyelid. "A fireplace pike." A round of swearing. "There are cracks to the bone here" A sense of despair filled the room. They both knew that most soldiers with cracks to their skull bone seldom ever woke up. Elrond finished applying salves and stitching the wounds then leaned back several hours after starting exhausted. "I've done my best for him" He stood wearily and went to the wash basin to clean his hands of his work. "What about the uh" Erestor stumbled nervously over his words. "It appears to have been very close but from what I can tell it didn't happen" They both sighed in relief. "Perhaps the attack was interrupted" Elrond ventured as he moved Glorfindel to the day sofa then began to change the bloodied sheets with the help of Erestor. "No, I don't think so, there was no indication of such and if that were so Glorfindel would not have been left like that for hours. More likely he was so hard to subdue that when his attacker finally succeeded he failed to perform" They pulled the sheets tight then moved Glorfindel back to the bed pulling the thick warm blankets up to his shoulders to warm his broken body. "Whichever it is you must stay here with him today. He is very weak and needs constant watching and the attacker is likely to try again" Erestor nodded in agreement. "I will not leave his side" he declared pulling a cushioned chair over to the side the bed and settled in it with a dagger nearby. "Summon me immediately if he worsens or with much luck, awakens" Elrond took his leave wearily mulling over how to find Glorfindel's attacker knowing his friend was safe with Erestor keeping vigil.