will be our pleasure to get rid of your ourselves. Especially you, princess," he bowed to her in mockery. "I highly doubt that the three of you will be able to stop us," another man said. "Well," Cal said. "How about we keep it the three of us against all of you?" The men laughed. "Are you serious?" one man asked. "No, I don't suppose that would be good at all will it? How about six verses all of you?" Cal asked. "Whatever you want. We'll be glad to fight six elves." "Who said anything about six elves?" Cal said before spreading his hands wide. "Ifrit, I call you. I need your aid." Light flew from his fingers. The ground rumbled. Legolas saw Aragorn and the others out of the corner of his eye. They looked confused as the ground rumbled. Rocks rumbled through the forest and stopped beside Cal before coming together to form a creature. The rocks changed their shape into muscles. Eyes appeared as well as hands and a mouth. The creature roared and fire engulfed it and then went away. The men stared in fear and the creature roared and moved his arms. There were bands of gold around the creature's wrists and claws on the creature's fingertips. "It looks like we only have four of the six," Anna said. "My turn." She held her arms out at her sides and looked at the sky. "Shiva, please hear my call." Winds picked up and swirled around them and a white light shined. Out of the light arose a woman with blue hair that reached her hips at least. She was dressed in a blue dress that ended at her knees. Her skin had a blue tint to it as she stood tall. She seemed to float above the ground. jewlery decorated her arms. Ribbons of different colors decorated her hair. Her eyes were purple and intense. She was beautiful but she frightened anyone she focused her eyes upon. Legolas looked over at his friends. He smiled at their shocked faces. It was his turn. He looked over at the enemy. They were looking at the creatures in fear and in shock. "Isn't magic a funny thing?" Legolas asked. He caught their attention. He brought his hands up and it looked like he was playing with a small blue ball. He whirled it around his hands and transfered it from hand to hand. He caught it in one of his hands and threw it beside him. "Ixion, help me," Legolas said. The ball of light floated in air for a few seconds before spinning incredibally fast and then bursting, the ray of light went back into the forest. A neighing could be heard as well as galloping as a horse came jumping out of the forest, landing next to Legolas. The horse was a little bigger than the regular horse. He was a dark gray color- almost black. His mane and tail was a pure white color. His mane was in tiny braids. A horn grew out between his forehead. His eyes were a black color and he looked angry as he stompted on the ground. Legolas reached over with one arm and hugged him. The horse nibbled his cheek affectionately before turning back to the orcs and men. He neighed in anger. "Now we're ready. The six of us against all of you," Caldin said. He looked at Ifrit. They both nodded at each other. Ifrit flexed his muscles and stretched. Shiva looked as angry as ever. Ixion reared up on his hind legs. Caldin gave the signal and the three creatures moved forward. Ifrit roared. Some orcs moved forward. Ifrit attacked by hitting them with his enormous arms. Shiva floated in the air and spread her arms wide. The wind blowed moving her dress all around her. The threw her arms out in front of her and a blast of ice flew from her fingertips covering all in front of her. They froze on the spot and shattered when someone ran into them. Ixion neighed loudly as he reared up on his hind legs and came back down sharply. The second he landed on all fours, a bolt of lightning shot out of his horn, hitting everyone in front of him. Legolas, Caldin and Anna moved back and let the creatures do their job. Men and orcs were falling by the second. "They're scattering!" an elf yelled. Several warriors ran off in different directions in order to cut them off. Legolas watched as the enemy fell a few at a time. He turned to look over at his friends. They were in amazement at everything. He smiled. Aragorn looked over and caught Legolas's eye. They smiled to each other and nodded. Legolas turned back to the battle. The three creatures were off fighting enemies. He looked over and saw Cal and Anna on one side watching the happenings on the field. Legolas turned towards the battle and then quickly turned back to Cal and Anna as something caught his eye. He glanced into the trees and saw orcs in them, arrows aimed down at the two royals. Wargs were slowly making their way out of the forest. Cal and Anna seemed to finally realize the problem. Anna took out a simple knife and Cal took out his sword. They were no match for the wolves. Legolas started to run there before the wolves pounced. "No!" Legolas screamed. Suddenly pain ripped through his whole body and he fell to the ground. He saw a blast of light and a screech of a bird before totally blacking out. Alright, what do you think? If's it's good enough- I'll make it into a story. If not- then I won't. I was planning on writing a "all wood-elves are vampires" type of fic which I am in favor of. This one would probably be a kinda short fic. The vampire one would be longer. What do you guys think?