but he couldn't break free. Then there was a voice, soft, soothing, familiar, he stopped struggling and looked about sluggishly for the voice. There was a face floating above him now, he knew that face. "B-Bor-Boromir?" he whispered faintly. "That's right little brother, I'm here, everything will be well now," He comforted, hated that fearful look he saw in his brother's heavily glazed, unfocused eyes, he looked at him as if he were very far away. "S'good," He mumbled drifting towards sleep again. Two days later they were beginning the journey back to Minis Tirith, Faramir slept for the most part, but occasionally he would wake, calling for Boromir every time. He still didn't truly know what was going on but he knew that his brother was here and that he promised he was safe, that was good enough for Faramir. But Boromir wasn't telling him everything, he didn't tell him that the healers were saying that they may have to take the right leg, or that if he could keep the leg he may not ever be able to go back to being a soldier for his shoulder may never regain its old strength, for now though he kept him heavily drugged, sleeping away his tribulations. He dearly needed the rest. Even without the effect of the herbs Faramir was hardly lucid when awake, never staying awake for long. They arrived at the city in good time and he got his brother settled in the House of Healing, sitting with him for a time while he compiled his thoughts, then he stood to leave. "Don't…go…" his brother mumbled, trying to sit up and catch his brother, Boromir pushed him back down gently, holding a hand on his hot forehead. "Shhhh…it is okay little brother, I won't be long. I promise, just this one thing, then I can stay with you." Faramir nodded weakly. "Rest little brother, you are safe in our shining city," He stroked his fingers through the long damp locks of hair plastered to his brother's face—a technique that had always succeeded in carrying him into sleep as a child, it still worked to this day. Denethor sat on his throne, forgetting as he often did that he wasn't a king but just a steward, reading through some political correspondence. He snapped his fingers, the sound echoing off the stone walls, an attendant hustled to his side with a cup of wine. He jumped horrendously when the hall doors exploded open, spilling the cup of wine over his clothes, he tossed the now empty cup at the attendant who scuttled away. He glanced up to see his eldest, Boromir, striding quickly towards him. "Alas, you have returned despite your brother's failure," He stated spitefully. "You filthy maggot!" Boromir shouted angrily, everyone looked up at him in shock at his uncharacteristic manner. "Boromir! I shall not have you speaking to me that way! First born or not!" Denethor snapped. "How dare you put Faramir in such a position!" Boromir continued. "I simply put your brother in charge of a handful of men and sent him to battle. A simple task that seems to be to difficult for him," He spat tossing the parchment he'd held aside. "Faramir was not ready for such leadership," Boromir countered now nose to nose with his father. "The son of the steward, even the failure second son, should be able to achieve successful leadership of the men serving under him," Denethor driveled pompously. Boromir nearly popped a vein with anger, Denethor found himself backing away slightly nervous as Boromir pushed forward. "He's not yet twenty and barely three months out of training! No soldier is ready for leadership so soon!" Boromir shouted clenching and releasing his fists so as to not strike his father in his anger. "He could not even handle simple combat and will never be competent for leadership," Denethor spat. The guards in the room looked at each other fearfully when Boromir growled a low guttural sound unlike anything they'd ever heard from a man. Should they intervene? Would they be alive after this intervention? "One hundred men against six thousand will always be a failing fight, even Faramir knew that!" Boromir roared. "Your brother's incompetence lost the battle! He did not think of the consequences for failure!" Denethor declared. Boromir was trembling with rage. "The consequence. The consequence. He's going to lose his leg save Eru's intervention and that's if he lives! He'll never be able to pull the string of a bow again because he took an arrow slaying a warg that was about to kill one of his men! The valor he showed was far greater than yours ever will be!" Boromir bellowed. Denethor opened and closed his mouth like a fish for a moment. "You've always protected Faramir from his duties, swooped in to rescue him from failure, I will not tolerate this any longer! The rule of Gonder is mine and no other's. I will choose what battles are conducted and who will command the troops!" Denethor bellowed back. Boromir didn't hesitate grabbing his father by the shoulders and slamming him hard against the wall, holding him a few inches above the floor. "Listen well for this is your only warning," he hissed, "If you ever do something of this nature again, if you ever put Faramir or any of my men into an unbeatable battle like that again. If Faramir dies of these wounds, I will take my brother, and we will leave Gondor. I will take him, and any other that chooses to follow, and you will be left without an heir, Denethor, Steward of Gondor," He growled. For the first time in his life, Denethor feared his first born. Boromir released his father now and strode confidently from the room knowing that he would easily keep that threat as he left to keep his oath to his little brother, Faramir. A/N: Did you like? There's a sequel coming in the future. R&R