my bag at hand, I undone the clasp and rummaged through to see if anything was amiss, and to my surprise, everything was where it should be. My wallet, my smartphone, even the small unopened bag of chips was all there. Why had Jess not taken this away from me like I did to her? That question shouldn't have bothered me but it did. There was something a little bit... strange about this. A sudden gust of cold wind blew all around me, forcing my dark, shoulder length hair to whip around my head wildly. A second or so later, the gust turned into a light, albeit cold, breeze. Automatically, I looked up to the sky and not only noticed the clouds slowly drifting away from my direction but the night was also receding - morning was coming. It was becoming a chilly dawn; with only a white fitted shirt and black denim pants that flared at the bottom, I had nothing to keep me warm from the chilly atmosphere. I rubbed my upper arms to keep the goose bumps away. "Wouldn't have hurt if you guys left a sweater for me," I said but not loud enough as before. "I suppose I should thank you Jess for leaving behind my phone - I'll be able to make that call after all." I said aloud, referring to the call I was supposed to make last evening as I pulled out the phone from my bag. Unlocking my iPhone, I was immediately greeted with one voice message that waited to be heard but was not enough motivation to hear it first. It was in fact the time that caught my attention. Six-fifty-seven in the morning - twelve hours to the minute since I last stood outside of my car. Have I really been out that long? Must have been fed sleeping pills. I let out a sigh with a roll of my eyes - Jessica was clearly milking this prank . Sliding a finger against the screen to open my voice inbox, I noticed the message was from my father sent at five in the afternoon. Raising the phone to my ear, I listened: "Hey sweetie, I know you're out with your friends so there's no reason to worry that I'll starve - I know how to cook -he chuckled- I'll just wait for you to call ba-ssshhhwwwssshhhwwwhswhs-" Immediately I pulled the phone away and looked at the screen, "that's strange." Not only had the call been cut off but was followed what sounded like white noise before that was cut off too. It was not something that had happened to me before nor had I heard it happen to anyone else. After I pulled up the dialing pad, hitting 'Home' and then 'Speakers', I waited to hear the familiar ring to resound from them. Nothing. Puzzled, I looked down to see how many bars I had only to notice I had a pretty strong signal. I let out a soft 'huh' escape through my lips as I re-dial home. Like before, there was no ringing. Okay... I hit a friends' number with the hope that it'll go through, but like before there was no ring. It was here that I realized I did not hear a dial tone either. What the hell... This did not made much sense - if I was getting a pretty strong signal, how was it that I couldn't connect to anyone or anything? Better yet how was it that I could pull up my voice messages if... After a swipe here and there, I realized that the voice message was downloaded to my phone, which meant that whatever happened to mess up my signal had happened after it downloaded. I listened on to the message again and it was just as before - white noise before it was cut off. As I stared at the screen confounded by what had happened did I catch all four signal bars disappear from the upper left corner of my phone. ' Well then,' I thought with a sigh of relief, 'it was slow but it happened '. I was no longer surprised by my lack of phone signal; after all, being in the middle of what appeared to be a forest, it was to be expected. I let out a scoff at this. I doubt anyone would build a cell phone tower amongst the many trees and disturb the natural ecosystem. "Okay Jess," I started with my voice loud enough so my lovely friend -and her cohorts- could hear. "I get the reason why you didn't take my phone away - it wouldn't work out here. Well, just to remind you my shift starts at nine and I doubt you'd like me to arrive late unless," I perked up an eyebrow, "that's part of your prank." I scoffed as I twirled around, reacting to a noise coming from somewhere behind me. "That and getting a cold," I last said as I rubbed my arms again. If she, as well as the others, were eager to keep the prank going, I knew they would not step in. Knowing them, they would not come out and end the prank. Now that I think about it, I would have to curl up into a ball and cry out for help for them to appear - just as I done with Jessica. Ha. I had to play by their rules - fine then. I was not going to give them that satisfaction of curling into a ball and cry out for help. So what if I never hiked in a forest before? I'm sure it would not kill me if I use my common sense. Knowing the prank was going on, there was no reason for me to freak out. Besides, I'm bound to come across some form of civilization that or get a signal on my phone. One way or another I'm going to find my way out of here. Review?