like you've always done. Are you really a Princess?" Liana nodded. "Yes, the only heir to the throne of Bronander. I understand it's under a different ruling family now?" "Yes. You wouldn't have liked ruling that place anyway, Liana, the people are rowdy and easily dissatisfied." Aralan smiled at her. Grinning back, Liana shrugged. "I wasn't looking forward to ruling, anyway. I don't think I'm suited to it." Aralan's smile grew. "No, you're not." Liana coughed. "So what happened while I was out?" "Well, after you got back, Xyras found you unconscious on the ground and brought you into the tent. He found the little vial of poison in your pack, and he got to work on the antidote at once." It turned out that Liana had very little resistance to the poison, and it grew to the same effects it had on Aralan in a quarter of the time. Xyras, the doctor/apothecary, had finally found the antidote, but when he administered it, it took much longer than he expected to heal her. "I woke up right away, but you've been out the past five days," Aralan finished. "I've been waiting for you to regain consciousness so I could thank you." "No thanks needed, Aralan," Liana said at once, embarrassed by the thought of Aralan sitting by her for five days. She hoped she didn't drool in her sleep or something like that. "You say some very strange things when you're asleep," Aralan said suddenly. "Something about not knowing how to dance and being forced to clean dishes?" Liana's eyebrow cocked. "I have no idea what you're talking about." Aralan smiled again. "Of course you don't, you were asleep." He cleared his throat. "You said something interesting last night," Aralan started. "About me dying." Liana shot up, but Aralan gently pushed her back down again. "What? What did I say?" "'Aralan, if you die, I'll kill you,'" Aralan said, "I believe were the words you used." A blush warmed her face. "I said that-?" Aralan cut her off. "And then you said something else that was very interesting." Liana braced herself for something that had made him angry. He regarded her contemplatively. "Don't look like I'm going to smack you, I'm not. You just said something along the lines of 'If he dies, I'll kill myself.'" More heat crept into her cheeks. Thank goodness if was night. "You're kidding?" "No. Now why would you say a thing like that, Liana?" Aralan's eyes bored into hers. "And why the charming blush? It's very becoming." Oh, would the earth just open and swallow her up! Anything was better than this, anything! "Well, uh, umm..." Liana said. "Well?" Aralan smiled gently at her, encouraging her to continue. "Should I just speculate?" Anything except that! Maybe she could talk her way out of this one. "You say strange things when you're asleep, too, Aralan, I think it's normal. Please don't ask what, because I don't remember, but I do know that they're strange." Liana crossed her fingers and hoped he'd drop it. "But why, Liana?" No such luck. "Fine, if you must know, it's because I...because I...I can't, Aralan." Aralan dropped to his knees beside her bed and looked her straight in the eye. "Yes, you can. If I have to drag it out of you." Liana felt her eyes widen at the quiet threat in his voice, but then closed her eyes in a refusal to talk. "You're driving me to it, Liana. I didn't want it to be this way." Liana stubbornly pressed her lips together. With a sigh, Aralan bent over and gently kissed her. Liana's eyes flew open, and she felt herself reacting to his kiss without thinking about it. Aralan pulled away. "Ah, so that's why," he said in a soft tone of voice, his fingers stroking her face so gently that it felt like snowflakes on her cheeks. Liana blushed again, rolling over. She hid her face, trying not to cry, so mortified was she. A soft sob escaped her throat before she could stop it. Why me? She thought to herself. Why me? Aralan perched on the edge of her cot and put his hand on her shoulder. "It's nothing to be ashamed about, Liana. Emotions are a powerful thing, you're going to have to learn that. But it's entirely natural and right to feel that way." Liana lost it, and the tears started rolling down her face. Thankfully it was hidden. "Don't cry, please," Aralan begged. The slight shudder of her body must have given her tears away. "I can't help it, I don't know why I'm crying!" Liana sobbed. "You didn't do anything to make me want to cry, so why am I crying!?" Aralan knew. "You don't want to admit your feelings. If it helps, I feel the same way about you." Liana shrugged. Aralan reached down to touch her face. "I love you, Liana. I always have and I always will. I even loved you as a dog, although a little differently up until the last few months. And it would make me ever so happy if you'd marry me." Liana rolled over to face the young man. "Only if you truly mean it," she said in a voice barely above a whisper. Aralan didn't say anything, just bent over and kissed her again. And Liana found that words were needless. : : : There is it. Finished. And don't you dare tell me I ruined it! I made up my own characters and set them in Middle Earth. If you hated it, tell me so in a NICE way. And I mean it. Profanity in reviews/PM's will be reported as abuse and flames will be used to roast marshmallows over. If you liked it, wonderful! Tell me that as well. Also, I'd like pointers on what I could improve on in my writing, but please, please, please be nice about it! Disclaimer: Elvish names came from , an Elvish name translation site.