It showed a cozy room decorated with stars and moonflowers. She knew it was Arwen's. She reached down and pulled back the quilt and settled the girl into bed and covered. She brushed her soft hair away from her face and kissed her brow. In a perfect world Arwen would have been hers; She shut the door and looked to Elrond. He gestured to the next set of doors. She took Elrohir from his father so that he could tuck in Elladan, and then tucked him into his own bed, herself. She kissed their brows and followed Elrond out. He led the way to his private study, which adjoined his own rooms. When they were finally alone, he pulled her close. "I have missed you so much. I lost you and Glorfindel, my love and good friend, and then our King, all too quickly and close together. Were it not for Erestor and Celebrian, I would not have survived. Erestor had a rough time as well. He lost his love as well, but he had Lindir to care for." Elrond trailed off. "What made you bond with Celebrian?" Raina asked softly. "Celeborn came to me. I was already building Imladris and I refused the kingship. He wanted an alliance and even though I would do anything for him, he suggested the marriage. It was mutually beneficial though, because it gave Celeborn and I an official alliance and it spared Celebrian from Thuranduil's advances. You are still friends with him, because you know nothing of the final battle. Oropher was not a good general. Thuranduil blames us for his father's death. We have not spoken since, even worse was when Celebrian married me over him." "Thuranduil and I were never great friends. He simply tolerated me for the sake of my brother, whom he worshipped." She paused for a moment. "Did you love her?" "I was fond of her, but I never loved her. I'm afraid our marriage killed our friendship as well. We grew apart very quickly. It's on thing to voluntarily spend time with someone, but when you have no choice, it strains the relationship. I was quite surprised when she became pregnant. I had thought that she would never want children with me because they would carry the stigma of being Peredhil, something she didn't tolerate very well. She was never close to them though. She became cold after Arwen. She was very different after you death. I think our bonding killed her spirit and then the attack was just too much. We released each other and she went to Valinor. That was the only kindness I could give her. "Did she not love the elflings?" "I don't know. I was always the loving one, because she showed them very little affection, but I think she could not bear that all looked so much like me. She had hoped that at least Arwen would be like her. Now I find Arwen to be most like me." "They are all beautiful. I confess to wishing that they were mine, for they have already stolen my heart, especially Arwen." "I knew you would love them, and they you. I do not keep secrets from my children. They know of my love for you and how their mother and I were not well suited. They know that if things had been different, they would have been yours." Raina looked up sharply. He had given voice to her own traitorous thoughts. Her shock must have shown on her face. "Don't be surprised. Surely you knew how I felt when I asked to court you, before our plans went so awry. I have always loved you. I remember the first time I saw you. I thought for sure you were one of the Valar. I always wanted you in my life, as the mother of my children, as my wife. I was fond of Celebrian, but I never wanted her the way I wanted you, the way I want you." "You couldn't have been more than an elflings when you saw me the first time…" "I was not yet twenty. You stole my heart then and I wanted you to have it. I meant it. If things had been different, my elflings would have been yours as well." "You have loved me for so long. I must confess that I knew you even then, as Elrond. It wasn't until you were well past you majority that Galadriel read my future. I knew that I was supposed to be with you. Your elflings were supposed to be mine. My death was unplanned. It was not mean to be. She never saw it. Something went terribly wrong. The Valar told me it was taken care of and my life has been restored, but even they cannot give us back the time that was stolen from us. Elrond, I love you. My heart has never stopped calling for you. You were what I was missing." Raina was close to tears. She finally let them fall, as Elrond wrapped her in his arms again. "As my heart calls for you. I want to be one with you." He leaned forward to kiss her when a soft set of voices interrupted them. "Ada?" All three chorused. "Yes children?" Elrond sighed. "We want Raina to be our Amme, like you said she should have been." Arwen stated. She was the most outspoken of the three, even when sleepy. "She will be for as long as she'll have us." Elrond answered. "Forever then." Raina replied. "Now aren't you three supposed to be in bed?" The children nodded and hugged her before returning to their rooms. "Forever with you sounds wonderful." Elrond commented when they were alone again. "Its good then, that I wont ever leave you again. You are my future, Elrond. Nothing will change that." "Good." He pulled her into a soft kiss. "Because I don't plan on letting you out of my sight for at least a century."