" He took a deep breath, she was able to see the errors of her ways now, that was quite a relief and he started to hope that she perhaps could become normal now, that there was hope for her soul after all. He sighed. "Yes, you are, there is no denying it. You have crossed the line one time too many." She shuddered and looked away, tears visible in those dark eyes once more. "I know my lord, I am a monster." He took a deep breath, it sounded like a gasp. "Oh Eru's mercy, no, don't say that. You are no monster Barah." She sobbed. "I am, they are right you know, I know only hatred, only fear. They say I cannot feel anything but that is a lie because I feel fear, all the time. I fear everything, even life itself." He stared at her, stunned by this moment of insight. She let out a wailing sound, threw herself forward and laid there in front of him, shivering. "Please, save me. Teach me to feel something else than fear, free me from who I am and show me who to be instead." He was in shock, the stay in the dungeon had apparently pushed her a bit too far, made her cross a threshold she otherwise never would have reached. She was able to see the errors of her ways now and still she was afraid she would return to her old habits, he did understand her rather well. He caressed her hand. "Alright, if that is what you truly wish for?" She whimpered. "Yes my lord, I am yours to command." He did in that moment realize that what she needed was to be dominated, to be told what to do with no other option than to obey. She had been like a horse with the bit between its teeth running wild and she had run herself straight into danger without thinking about it at all. She needed a strong leader, someone she could trust and who allowed her to drop her guard and surrender. He knew she had been like a spoilt child in some ways, constantly pushing the boundaries in an attempt to create a reaction, to find the safety of someone strong enough to control her. She never had, they had looked at the problem from the wrong direction the whole time. She needed safety first and foremost, not challenges and danger. He got up and smiled to her. "I am glad you finally have realized where you erred. Yes, you shall serve me but the way I decide and when I decide. First of all, you need to get well again, until then my order is for you to rest and for your wounds to heal." She stared at her wrists and hands, frowned. "When did I get those?" He sighed. "You bit yourself and tried to dig your way out of the cell, that's how you got them. Now, rest for a few days, when I think you are ready we can finish your punishment." She stared at her wrist with a shivering chin and she slowly wrapped her blankets around herself again, her eyes distant and scared. She did not remember, why didn't she remember? Her fingernails were worn completely down, the tips of her fingers torn and aching and her wrists hurt too. Had she really done that to herself? Tried to kill herself by biting over her wrists, like an animal caught in a foot snare? She sighed and leaned back against the pillows, her mind a maelstrom of emotions, it was as though a huge dam had been ripped open and now the feelings it had contained were running free. She could no longer control them and she remembered her previous state of mind, of being in constant fear. She had not been alive, that was the grim truth. She had been caught in a never ending nightmare and she had been unable to find the strength to break out of it. Hatred and fear is two sides of the same thing and the fury with which she had been fighting had been her desperate attempt to escape both. She had been so wrong, had done so many bad things she was shocked that she still was alive. Her own kin would have rid themselves of her had she been a little older, it was no doubt about it. You didn't disobey your officers without consequences. She deserved to be punished, severely. She could never be free from her guilt until she was. She sat there, staring down at the blankets and she felt that this luxury was something she didn't deserve at all. They were too kind to her. It made her even more ashamed of herself. Thranduil nodded at her. "Rest now, I will make sure that you have all the food you need and the healers will check in on you every now and then. When you are well we can discuss what to do with you." He saw her nod, the sad expression on her face didn't disappear at all and he gestured towards a servant. "Make sure she has food and keep the room warm. Also, arrange for her to get a bath as soon as the healers say it's okay. She needs it." The healers had washed her but it had only removed the worst of the grime and she did still smell rather bad. He hadn't thought of that until now and had to grin, she did distract him. But there would be some days before she got completely healed and that gave him time to decide what to do with her. She probably expected him to take advantage of her will to surrender to him but he didn't want to use her thus. He was starting to get an idea of what to do but it was too early yet to be sure if it would work or not.