with autism often has that, they seem to understand animals better than humans." Margaret nodded and Amy saw that one of the other rangers entered the square. It was a girl named Nelly and she was just twenty years of age and a rookie. She would really have something to sink her teeth into today if she was to guide both the family and those teenagers. Amy snickered within, nobody really liked Nelly because she always tried to avoid doing her part of the shores there. She was just plain lazy but always bragging about how much she did and what a good worker she was. Amy detested such people and so did the others too. Sandra had in fact given that girl several warnings and one more would be the last. Amy almost hoped that Nelly would screw this one up, then it would be bye-bye Nelly. Amy frowned, Nelly was actually staggering? And she looked rather green too? Was she sick? Holy shit, nobody was allowed to show up at work like that?! This was it for sure, Sandra would fire Nelly's ass and good riddance. Nelly staggered and then she took an abrupt turn towards a garbage bin and started puking into it, rather violently. The teenagers squealed and the family backed away with expressions of disgust on their faces. Amy rolled her eyes and smiled at Sister Margaret. " Excuse me for a moment, my …co-worker seems to have a slight problem." Margaret just smiled gently. " Don't worry dear, take your time. We have got all day." Amy walked over and stopped, she just stared at Nelly who still puked. She could smell it, there was no doubt about it. Nelly was probably as drunk as a skunk and Amy felt a short sting of guilt. She was probably still a bit drunk too but she hadn't known that she was going to have to go to work this morning. Nelly didn't have a day off for yet another week. " Goddamn it girl, is that whisky I smell?!" She hissed it with a low voice and Nelly made a gargling noise and continued to empty her stomach into the garbage bin. She just nodded and Amy took a deep breath of air and smacked the girl across the back of her head. " Idiot, we are short on staff already and you dare to show up for work drunk?! You are gonna get fired this time, I hope you know that!" Nelly just moaned and Sandra came running and stopped and blinked, she stared at Nelly. " What is the matter? Don't tell me she's got the flu? I cannot have someone running around spreading that shit to everybody." Amy shook her head, she felt a little triumphant, almost victorious. " No, worry not, she is just drunk, smells like she's been swimming in a barrel of scotch." Sandra gasped and her eyes went wide. " Is that true? Oh fucking …" She saw the nun and the kids and slapped a hand across her mouth with an expression of horror upon her face. "Oh I am so sorry, so sorry. I do apologize most sincerely, it has just been a morning from hell and …" Margaret just smiled gently. " I am not offended and believe me, the kids are used to curses. The janitor on the orphanage has a language that would make a mechanic blush." Sandra took a deep sigh of relief and turned towards Nelly. " Thank you sister, and now young lady you are to deliver your uniform and all of your stuff for you are out of here, for good." Nelly just groaned and nodded and waddled off towards the locker room and the shower, she looked really truly like a beaten person. Amy had a smile of bliss on her face, finally, Nelly was no longer a problem. Maybe they would employ someone who knew how to work properly. Sandra turned towards Amy, she had a hard expression on her face. " I just got a text message from Will, he has found some weird tracks up along the creek. They look canine but are enormous and he did also find some peculiar boot prints. He claimed that it looked as if someone had been riding the animal whatever it was. So, do keep your eyes open, this is just getting more weird by the minute." Amy remembered what Hank had said. Huge canines, she felt a chill running down her back. " I will take the short round then, stay close to the lodges." Sandra handed her a brand new phone. " Here, just in case. It is a satellite phone, it works even now. Don't hesitate to call if something happens and I know I can trust you, or else I would have cancelled the tour, regardless of our financial loss." Amy turned towards the group, and blinked. " What about Nelly's group?" Sandra looked at the ground. " Amy, I know that…" Amy crossed her arms over her chest. " No, no way! I am not freaking guiding more than twenty people under such circumstances? It is against our rules damn it!" Sandra seemed to shrink in front of her. " Amy, I am begging you on my knees, do the short tour, follow the roads damn it. Just show them something!" Amy almost growled. " You promised!" Sandra rolled her eyes and clenched her teeth together. " Alright, alright, fine. I will raise your salary from today, fifteen percent." Amy sighed, she needed the money, fifteen percent was far more than she could have hoped for otherwise. She grasped Sandra's hand. " It's a deal, I'll guide them." Sandra sent her a beaming smile and she immediately regretted the decision. But what the hey, the day had been crazy as hell this far so it couldn't possibly get any worse now could it? She didn't know that the worst was yet to come…