panting sweaty sated flesh and Haldir could barely believe that this was true, that he really had felt what he had, and done what he had. After a while they got back up, took a bath and rested and Haldir was more than willing when Adraste started caressing him again. There seemed to be no limit to his endurance and strength this day and he just let go of all doubt and fear and let the moment guide him. Before the night fell he had taken Adraste two more times and he had also had Bogdhan and when the fire of passion died down and he was completely sated he fell asleep with the warm bodies of the other two snuggled up against him. He had never felt that happy before and this night he slept without a single nightmare. The next day he was as good as new and Adraste offered to transport him back home, he accepted gratefully and he had a hard time saying goodbye to them. He was so very thankful for what they had done for him and he almost wept. Bogdhan hugged him and kissed him with passion and Adraste did too. Haldir was in a way glad he could leave, if he had stayed just one more day he would have fallen in love with both. He petted the huge feline goodbye and wasn't even a bit nervous and Bogdhan's huge steed did sniff him and it did lick his hand. Bogdhan told him that such actions were a sign of acceptance. Not many could get that close to the animal without being bitten or worse and Haldir now knew that the beast was the result of crossing a mare with a Pegasus, then crossing that offspring with a unicorn and the result of that union with a kelpie. Adraste promised to drop Haldir in a spot not too far away from the city and he hugged them one last time and had problems holding back tears. Adraste just touched his cheek. "Don't feel bad mellon, I have enjoyed our time together and I am glad I could help you with your problems." He kissed her and promised himself that he would remember her scent forever. He got a tight hug from Bogdhan and whispered a final thank you before the world seemed to spin in front of his eyes and when he opened them again he stood on a glen just outside of the city. Adraste and Bogdhan returned to their world knowing that they had done a good job and both were very pleased with the stay in middle earth. Sometimes working can be fun. Haldir was discovered by some of the guards as he came strolling along the path, there was suddenly a minor chaos erupting. They had all assumed that he was dead when they found his dead horse and they assumed that the orcs had brought his body along for food. His brothers had been beside themselves with fear and grief and when they heard that their brother was alive and well they came running and threw themselves around his neck, crying and laughing with joy and shock. Even the lady herself came to see if it really was true that her adoptive son had returned in one piece and she hugged him and was a bit confused. She hadn't been able to feel him for more than two days and she had been certain that he had perished. Haldir explained that he had been knocked off his horse after it had run off with him and a travelling healer had found him and fixed him. He didn't want to explain everything to Galadriel in every explicit detail and absolutely not to his brothers. He just answered vaguely that the healer had some magical abilities and had shielded them so that the orcs wouldn't find them while Haldir regained his strength. Everybody was filled with relief and joy and that night they had a great celebration, one of their own had been believed to be lost but had returned and that did call for a real party. After some days things did return to normal but then Orophin and Rumil got the shock of a lifetime. They had been out hunting and were dead tired and when they got back home ready for a good night's sleep there was a racket from Haldir's talan. Orophin stared at Rumil with wide eyes and shock written all over his face. "What the …?!" Rumil swallowed, he was shocked too. There was no doubt about what their brother was doing. They heard that clearly. "Oohh Haldir, Aahh yes, harder! Ahh yes, fuck me faster!" Both giggled but the shock was still apparent in their eyes. "Oro, wasn't that the voice of…?" Orophin nodded, his eyes as wide as tea cups. "Yes, he's here to train some of the warriors in strategy and tactics. " Rumil just gasped. "Damn it, I never thought that Haldir even was interested in fucking anyone, and absolutely not him! He is famous damn it." Orophin listened to the sounds coming from the talan. "Well, our brother has definitely changed, I wonder how that happened?" Rumil just shuddered. "Some questions are best left unanswered. Gods, how are we going to get any sleep?" Orophin put his fingers in his ears."Yes indeed how!" The next morning a tall golden haired figure was seen sneaking out of Haldir's talan and he looked like a cat that has devoured a whole bowl of cream. Haldir was in a very good mood too but his brothers not so much so. They were red eyed and stared at him with grumpy expressions. Haldir just grinned. "What's the matter boys, you look tired?" Orophin groaned and Rumil pouted. "You kept us awake all night, darn it Haldir, I haven't been able to close an eye." Haldir just grinned even wider and winked at his brothers. "Well, payback is a bitch now isn't it?"