object. "Easy, breathe, remember to breathe, keep going." Elrohir knew that there had to be severe swelling and that was what caused the pain, if Laitar hadn't been so shy and gone to their father the moment he got the problem everything would have been easy to fix. He didn't want to smile but he had to, this was hilarious. The ellon was grunting and squealing like a laboring female and Elladan was teary eyed with mirth. He gently maneuvered the object forth. "Keep pushing, yes, that's good, a little more." Elrohir petted Laitar on his head. "You are doing great, nearly there, so brave" Both the peredhil were almost unable to contain their mirth by now, Laitar was rolling his eyes and yelling again and finally Elladan was able to dislodge the object that slid forth covered in oil and other body fluids. Laitar screamed and shuddered and they saw to their disbelief that he came and spurted all over the blanket covering the bed. Elladan fought the urge to laugh hysterically, the thing had probably hindered him from getting a release and now that it was gone all of it came at once, he had never seen such amounts of liquid from one male in just one go. Laitar had sunk to his knees, shivering and sweaty and Elladan held the object between two gloved fingers with a grimace of disgust. "Congratulations, it is a …thing!" Laitar just panted and there was no dignity left in him, he looked rather pathetic and they did feel a bit of sympathy for him. "Now, the other problem, is it still…?" Laitar didn't even look at Elladan. "No, it is not, it is normal." Elladan dropped the wooden dildo into a bowl with a large clang and he bent down next to Laitar. "Great, and for the future, remember to use oil, lots of it, and avoid…things…of such a diameter, you'll end up hurting yourself, seriously!" Laitar nodded, his eyes closed in shame. "I will remember that, thank you" Elrohir gave the shivering ellon a warm cloth to clean himself with and then they helped him get up and redress. He didn't look at them, even once. "Ah, promise you won't tell anyone?" Elladan nodded with his hand above his heart. "We swear, not a word!" Elrohir did the same thing and Laitar threw them a rather sad glance before he bowed and left, he was dragging his feet along the floor. The door at the back of the room opened and one of the servants entered, she carried some fresh linen and looked curious. "What were you doing? Delivering some infant? I heard screams and panting but nobody here is pregnant now?" That did it, Elladan and Elrohir fell onto the floor, howling with laughter and the servant stared at them with wide eyes. "My lords?" Elladan managed to catch his breath. "Do not worry, nothing is wrong, it has just been a …very long day" Elrohir was grasping his stomach, barely able to make any sounds at all. "Just…tell Altorno everything is fine, we did take care of every patient, every one of them, even the…less pleasant ones" The servant looked as if she feared that the two had lost it completely but she went to deliver the message and the two cleaned up and got everything ready for the next day before they retired for the night. Both too tired to eat or bathe and quite in shock of what the job of healing really included. Three weeks later Elrond returned and were met by his sons who almost kissed his hands in awe and respect and relief that he was back. Since they had done so well that one day Altorno had given them all the hard cases and Elrond was staring with wide eyes at the twins who were pale, thinner than before and clearly distressed. "Ada, the next time you leave please don't make us take care of the entire ward, make Altorno do it." Elrond frowned. "I believed you liked being healers?" Elladan sighed. "We do, we do but…but…yesterday we had an elfling with a diaper rash and it howled so loud I still have a ringing in my ears, and the day before that.." Elrohir finished for him. "The day before that we had to de-worm some human kid, and I puked out my guts, or at least it felt like that and…" Elrond just grinned widely, yes, they had learned what being a healer really was like, he grasped them and hugged them and both stared at him with confusion. "I am proud of you both sons, so very very proud of you." Elladan and Elrohir started to smile again, to hear their father say those words made it all worth it, well, maybe not the incident with Laitar and the dildo but the rest, definitely the rest. Elrond held his arms around their shoulders and together they walked to the dining hall, Elrond smiled at them and petted their backs. "So, care to tell me what you have been faced with." Both twins stared at their father with huge eyes, then they shook their heads simultaneously. "No, no way, patient healer confidentiality!" Elrond just frowned but he realized that this was something he had to spend some time getting to the bottom of, but it was good to be home. They were almost by the dining hall when one of the apprentices came running. "Dan, Ro, come quick, there is an elleth here puking in colors I didn't even knew existed!" Both rolled their eyes and groaned and Elrond sniggered and gave their backs a gentle pat. "Go on sons, have fun" They sent him a glance filled with despair and then they ran for it, yes, their father was home but from now on they would get their wish fulfilled, they would have to share the work load and rarely has a fulfilled wish been more regretted than this one.