and Glorfindel felt tired so they pulled the furs over themselves and slept for a while, embracing and entwined like two trees sharing the same spot in the sun. When Glorfindel woke up it was to the feeling of a tongue which very slowly and with devilish determination was exploring his cock and balls and he gasped and surrendered. Elladan wasn't that experienced, he had barely ever tried to give a blow job but he had zeal and he had learned a little when Glorfindel went down on him. The lack of sophistication was just charming and Glorfindel was smart enough to just let Dan set the pace without trying to push him in any way. Elladan was struggling a bit, Fin was large and he had to really think to figure out how he was to do this without choking for it really challenged his gag reflex. But he found a method that didn't cause him too much discomfort and Glorfindel sort of praised him with gentle words and touches and in the end the golden haired warrior came, moaning Dan's name. Elladan had to swallow and he sort of cringed, it was saltier and more bitter than he had imagined it would be but not too bad, just something he wasn't used to yet. Afterwards they laid there snuggling again and through the night they would wake up every now and then and repeat the joyful activities they had engaged in. When the sun rose the next day they woke up when the lady of the farm knocked on the door, she entered carrying a basket with their dried and washed clothes and she sent them a wink and a crooked grin. There was no doubt that she sort of understood what they had been doing and both had visible hickeys and other marks as well. The room did reek of sex but she didn't seem to mind, she just left the clothes and a servant maid came with more food. They got dressed and ate in silence, they didn't need any words to express their feelings, their fëar were humming in unison now, bonded by shared feelings. It was a very strong bond, close to unbreakable. When they were finished Glorfindel thanked the farmer and his wife for their hospitality and left one of his gold buttons as payment for the food and the room. The farmer claimed that the honor of housing an elven lord was more than enough but Fin knew that the button would be valuable for them, there were many things the farm couldn't produce and such things had to be bought. Gold was valuable and could get them many things. Asfaloth was well rested and neighed as Glorfindel got in the saddle, Elladan got up behind him and they rode off, eager to meet the others again. They reached the village by nightfall and were welcomed by the rest of the troop. They had gotten there safely and were enjoying the inn's good food and wine and also the baths. The ellon they had travelled to meet proved to be a grouch like few others and Glorfindel knew that Elrond would regret having invited him. Back in the old days Cernaron had been way more agreeable but now he had turned as sour as pickled lemons. The other warriors didn't need much time before they realized that something had happened. Both Glorfindel and Elladan were practically radiant and couldn't keep their hands off each other and many jokes were made but the two didn't mind. They were too happy to notice anything except each other and they still had problems understanding how they both could have been so goddamn blind. They had been pining for years, for nothing. So now they were making up for spent time and the rest of the inn did hear that, very well. They had to stay for a few days longer because of the two injured horses but finally they could return to Imladris and that part of the journey went well without any surprises of any kind. The only thing which happened was that Cernaron got bucked off his horse and into a snowdrift when he tried to make the animal walk faster. The warriors were left sniggering, even horses knows when it is enough. Luckily the scribe held his mouth shut after that and when they reached Imladris he was almost agreeable, at least he didn't snap at everybody whenever they said something. Elrond was welcoming his guest, then he did notice the odd behavior of his captain and eldest son and before long he knew the truth too. Dan had never looked so happy and Glorfindel was no longer acting like a cat who has devoured a shrew, he was smiling and joking and being just wonderful yet again and Elrond let out a sigh of relief. He had feared that he would have to have a very serious talk with the captain soon if he didn't cheer up but now he didn't have to. He was happy also for another reason, now there was little doubt that Dan would follow Glorfindel wherever he went and Elrond knew that the warrior would return to the blessed realm whence their time in middle earth was over. And when Elladan went there was little doubt that Elrohir would go to. Ro was very happy for his brother and congratulated him wholeheartedly and a week after they returned Dan entered his room to find the bed covered with a gigantic new fur bed cover made from the wolves they had slain. Ro had gotten some of the warriors to ride out in secret and skin the carcasses and now the huge pelt became a very precious belonging. Dan and Fin had unholy lot of fun on it and when it was worn out it was burned with a great deal of grief. But at last the wolves had been useful, in more ways than just one.