panic attacks and run off, but they got fewer and fewer. Lindir would often sleep in a couch, leaned up against Elrond and the healer had to admit that he was very fond of the minstrel. The trust he showed was very endearing and he had always liked the beautiful young ellon. He just doubted that Lindir ever would want to become intimate with anyone again. He was just so very damaged by the horrible experience. Then he started having nightmares and Elrond tried to avoid giving him sleeping medicine, knowing that he had a problem with addiction. Instead he would let Lindir sleep with him in his own bed, it was more than large enough for two and for some reason the minstrel never had nightmares there. He would cuddle up against the lord like a puppy and sleep like a child and Elrond found it truly endearing. It was like that for some short years, then it was obvious that Lindir's body had overcome the trauma and Elrond did notice that the young elf sometimes would writhe in his sleep, moaning softly and being visibly aroused. He did never awaken though, and he just laid there. Elrond didn't say anything and he didn't touch Lindir in any manner. Then one night Lindir did awaken, and he was mortified. He curled up in a ball, too ashamed to speak even and Elrond had to ensure him of his worth once again, telling him nothing was wrong with him, that it was natural, and not a shame. Lindir did calm down and he did go back to sleep too. Elrond was so relieved, there was hope still. Most times Elrond would just turn around and ignore it when Lindir had that sort of dreams, or woke up aroused. But one night he did wake up with Lindir pressed up against his own body and the young elf was more or less rubbing himself against his bed partner, moaning. Elrond had reacted too, it was rather hard not to and Lindir woke up with a start and was so shocked he just laid there trembling. Elrond realized that nothing he said would comfort the minstrel so he decided that action spoke deeper than words. He grasped onto the shivering ellon and pulled them closer to each other, whispering soft soothing words, reassuring Lindir that it was alright, that he didn't mind, that he too had needs and wants. Lindir just whimpered, but started moving again, his crotch sliding against Elrond's and the healer kissed the minstrel gently and reached down, grasped onto them both and brought them to a rather shaky and unexpected climax. Lindir almost screamed when he came, still afraid of his own feelings and so insecure and scared. Elrond just held him through it, whispering gently, encouraging him. The minstrel almost passed out but the fact that Elrond too had his pleasure sort of convinced him that yes, it was alright. Lindir wept with relief afterwards, and he admitted that it was way better than doing it alone, even when he was watching someone. Elrond knew that he by doing this had taken it a step further, they weren't just friends anymore but lovers and he swore that he would take care of Lindir and never betray the trust the young minstrel showed him. In the weeks following they dared to go a little further and Elrond let Lindir set the pace, he never pushed the younger elf into anything, he did make small suggestions but Lindir was the one to decide whether or not they would do it. He loved to show Lindir that his body still was capable of creating great joy, that it wasn't filthy or soiled in any manner. That he was desirable and beautiful. Lindir flourished once more, the shadows were still there, hiding in his mind but they didn't have the power to ruin him anymore. About a year later Elrond was convinced that Lindir was healed enough to take it one step further, and that night they did make love for real. He let the young elf top him first, just to show him that it was alright and that he trusted him. Lindir wasn't afraid at all when Elrond took him, just a wee bit nervous but Elrond was very gentle and careful and he made sure that Lindir was well prepared and that he felt only pleasure. When the minstrel came screaming Elrond's name he just knew that it was over, it was behind them now, Lindir had overcome the horror and his fëa had escaped unscathed. It was a miracle and one that made Elrond feel very humble. Everybody knew that the two of them was a couple now and Elrond wept the night Lindir told him that he loved him, and had for years. He confessed that he shared the same feelings and that night they spoke their vows and swore to stay together. Elrond was still married to Celebrian but he knew that she would accept Lindir the day they left middle earth, her heart was large enough for two and if the valar did protest well then screw them. The heart is a palace with an infinite number of rooms and Elrond would never regret marrying Lindir. The minstrel became more lovely than ever before, the knowledge that he was safe and loved made him practically radiant and Elrond was so very proud of him. He got his voice back and the years to come he became rather famous and sought after and Elrond had to think that Aerion in one way almost had to be thanked for their newfound love and happiness, but only almost! And Lindir never again needed to sneak down to the river at night, Elrond made sure that he was content and satisfied in every possible manner and so his unfortunate addiction became a thing of the past, barely remembered and never again mentioned, just the way it should be.