fates and the game may change within the blink of an eye." Ravenne nodded and felt how the cold solid stone against her hands made this whole conversation strangely unreal. "I know, I just wish I knew the meaning behind it all." Astarion sent her a sad grin. "If we knew that we would be gods and that my dear sister we are not!" She smiled at him, he looked so much like their mother when it came to the shape of his face and the gracefulness of his movements but he also had his father's height and she knew that a whole bunch of ellith had become heart broken when he found his one and wed her. She petted her brother on his shoulder. "At least our family line is secured, you have sired enough elflings to keep the house of Oropher going for several millennia." Astarion sighed and there was something dark in his eyes. "Speaking of the devil, have you met our uncle lately?" Ravenne lifted an eyebrow, she made a grimace. "No, not this time. I met Cunarin last time I was home, it was…interesting!" Astarion looked as if he had tasted something rather rotten. "That's the right word sister, I know he is my uncle but I hate his guts, he is so darn arrogant. I would have guessed that spending several ages in the halls of Mandos would make him a more agreeable person but no, he is a load of horse dung!" Ravenne had to laugh. "Yes, he is. But remember he was so young when he died and he never learned anything about living, and I don't think he learned more while being among the other awaiting their chance to enter a new body." Astarion chuckled. "Weird really, Ada told me a lot of Daeradar and his ways and I was scared like hell to meet him but he was not that bad. That is one ellon who has changed and that to the better." Ravenne grinned. "I guess getting killed can do that to you yes. I know Ada was terrified too when he learned that his father had been re-embodied and was waiting to meet him. I have never seen ada that scared but it went surprisingly well. They spoke, cried, spoke some more and got drunk together." Astarion nodded and watched as his youngest daughter tried to get her nanny to bathe in a fountain with her. He smiled and Ravenne was amazed by how beautiful and good her brother was. He and their sister was just pure light while she on the other hand sometimes felt as if though she consisted of just darkness. "The best way to rebuild broken bonds yes, I think Oropher was even more scared than ada, he knew what he had done and I think he still is terribly sorry." Astarion had a sad expression in his eyes. "You are right, he is still suffering. He treated Ada like shit and he almost broke him completely. There are going to be a lot of healing being done before those two are done with the past and has everything put behind them." Ravenne had to laugh. "Yes, but remember when Cunarin thought that he could order ada around? By Saurons teeth did he get a surprise! " Astarion nodded, his eyes were glittering with mirth. "Ada hasn't been ruling as a king for several millennia without getting the needed authority, and a vocabulary of cusswords worthy of an award. I have never seen anyone turn pale that fast." Ravenne bit her lower lip, she had actually sparred against her uncle once, he had been very patronizing and quite convinced that an elleth was unable to fight, she had proven him very wrong! She had beat him thoroughly and well and he had left the sparring ring limping and looking as if he had swallowed a pound of sour lemons. Astarion shook his head. "Elinde, don't push your nanny!" Ravenne smiled and Astarion bowed his head. "I have to go sister, it appears that my offspring is trying to drown our dear nanny in the horse's water trough" Ravenne just nodded and turned around. She could see that a caravan of wagons bringing goods from the coast had arrived and the drivers were standing by them fixing the harnesses of their horses or just chatting away. She was getting curious, she wanted to know if anything of interest had happened back there and she walked towards them and they saw her and bowed their heads in respect. "So, is there any news from the coast?" The drivers just shrugged. "Not much, there are some new settlements being build and they want to expand the main roads. " The man speaking was a rather short ellon with a strange sandy color to his hair and pale blue eyes. Ravenne had not seen him before and he was dressed rather poorly. Another ellon petted his horse on its neck. "Well, there are some rumors spreading from up north, someone found some dead elves." Ravenne frowned. "Dead elves? Here? That is impossible?" The ellon nodded. "Yes, but I heard it from a guard, he was rather adamant too. It was true. He said that at least five elves had been found dead in their home." Ravenne shook her head in disbelief. "Could it have been some sort of suicide? I know that some are driven insane by this place" The driver just shrugged. "I have no clue, that was all I was told." Ravenne smiled. "Well, if something serious is going on I am sure we will hear of it soon." She just turned and left and little did she know that those words would come back to haunt her later. She had heard the first dark omen, and she did not yet know of it but soon a new sort of darkness would fall over her world and everything would change, and the change would be dramatic.