my lord, she was almost thrown out, I bet her father thought good riddance when he saw her leave." Elrond swallowed hard. "Did Thranduil hate his own daughter?" Ghirda nodded. " Oh yes my lord, he hated her for looking like her mother, I have a suspicion that he really loved Asya's mother and when she died, well, he sort of slipped into the madness zone mentally speaking. He hated being reminded of what he had and lost, nobody was to even mention Asya to him and she has met him on perhaps a handful of occasions." Elrond made the assistants get a stretcher and they carefully carried the unconscious elleth to her rooms. " Eru's mercy what a mess. What do you know of her previous marriage?" Ghirda seemed to shrink a bit in front of him, she appeared to be a very strong and outspoken person and Elrond felt that he already respected her. There was strength in those blue eyes and a tenderness he felt was genuine. "Very little my lord, she refused to speak of it. But I have of course heard a lot of rumors and I have no idea of whether or not they hold any truth or if they are just lies." They walked with speed towards the building where Asya was to stay until her wedding. " Tell me what you know." Ghirda took a deep breath. " Oh gods, where do I start. Well, for starters, her in laws hate her and they would probably wish she was dead, that she is being sent off to be remarried is a kick in the face for them I am sure. They would have loved it if the king had thrown her in the dungeons or let the orcs get her." Elrond was puzzled. "Why? Why hate her?" Ghirda helped open the door to the rooms, they had gotten a rather large apartment filled with light and warm colors and it was a very lovely place and rather luxurious. The adeneth made sure that Asya was placed comfortably upon the bed before she answered the question. " Her husband's parents had already lost two children, one son in battle and a daughter in childbirth. Their remaining son was their pride and joy, their little gem and he was spoiled beyond imagination. And they put their trust and hope in him, wanted him to give them grandchildren and secure the family line. When she failed to give him children, well, they started to hate her." Elrond frowned. " I have heard that she suffered a miscarriage? That is highly unusual for an elleth, an elven body shouldn't have any flaws." He knew that Elladan wanted children, he adored elflings and wanted a huge family and the knowledge that Asya hadn't managed to give her previous husband children was one of the main reasons why he was so against this union. Elrond found it very strange indeed, when an elleth lost a pregnancy it was usually due to some accident, like a fall or a violent shock. Ghirda sighed. " I wasn't even born when that happened, it was centuries before my time but she has refused to speak of it, I think it is way too painful for her. She didn't get pregnant again so I guess she got injured by it." Elrond stared at the adeneth. "Do you know anything about the circumstances? If she got injured I may be able to help her?" Ghirda shrugged. " According to the servants I have spoken with she collapsed very suddenly, screaming in agony and bleeding like a stuck pig. She almost died, had to stay bedridden for almost half a year." Elrond just stared in disbelief. " Half a year?! From a miscarriage? Was she far along?" Ghirda shook her head. "From what I have heard she wasn't even showing yet." Elrond was shocked. " And she got so sick?" Elrond turned around, he felt a creeping suspicion and he got a foul taste in his mouth. " Did she have any enemies?" Ghirda looked confused. " What do you mean? Of course she had enemies, heck, everybody was her enemy. If the queen hadn't interfered she would have been left to bleed out I am sure." Elrond was ashen grey. "The reason I ask is that such illness could be the result of poisoning." Ghirda gasped and put her hands in front of her mouth. " Oh Eru have mercy, of course. That makes sense." Elrond just growled. " But she is safe here, she will never be abused again and I am sure that we can give her a new start in life." Ghirda sighed. " If you manage that then may the Valar bless you all, but she is a very damaged elleth my lord, there is darkness in her soul and right now she is teetering on the very edge between insanity and sanity." Elrond sighed and petted the elleth's hair, she was a pitiful sight and he prayed that she would find the courage to emerge as the bright light he was sure she had been born to be. " I know Ghirda, now, I will go speak with my son and I will leave one of my assistants here. If there is anything you wish for or want to ask me about do not hesitate to send for me." Ghirda just bowed. " My lord is too kind, I was being told that the lord of Imladris is a good person and I am very glad to see for myself that this is true." Elrond actually blushed, he nodded and left the room and Ghirda sat down and stared at her lady with sad eyes. " Oh dear friend, I pray Eru finally has decided to give you a brighter future, I know you think you have risen from the ashes and into the fire, I know you will emerge with the glory and might of a phoenix"