his head towards Elrond and gathered the skirts he was wearing rather elegantly to sit down. Apparently somebody had removed all items of male clothing from the guest house and the surrounding buildings, only the kings own clothes remained and those were green too. At least there could be no doubt about the fact that these were woodland elves. Elladan and Elrohir was hiding in a corner, laughing so hard their bellies ached and Elrond did wait until after the dinner before he grasped them by a pointy ear each and ordered them to wash the privies for a month. Legolas did act with dignity, he pretended as if nothing was wrong at all and some ellith did in fact make him aware of the fact that the color was excellent camouflage. With some vines in his hair and green clothes he was invisible within the bushes and he used the fact to his advantage during the rest of his stay there. Spying on the bathing maidens was so much easier when he was blending into the background and he did even spy on the twins. Yes, his father's plan was brilliant indeed. The next summer the twins did visit Greenwood and spent some months in blissful oblivion, they had no idea of the patience of wood elves. The last day before they were to leave for home the twins went to the baths to refresh themselves. Legolas had spent a lot of time with them but this day the king had ordered him to attend to a council meeting and the two were so glad it wasn't them. Those meetings were boring to say the least and they enjoyed relaxing within the lovely baths. Greenwood wasn't as luxurious as Imladris but it wasn't bad and they had learned a lot during their stay. Legolas had just gotten out of the meeting with his father when they heard some odd shrieks, Thranduil looked as if nothing was off but Legolas knew him well enough to spot that specific glint within his eyes that revealed that the king had kept his promise. Suddenly there was movement within the gathered crowd of elves, two very odd elves came running and they were running from a huge swarm of very angry bees. Both were stark naked, soaking wet, deep green in color and hairless. And covered in what could only be honey, Legolas stared at them with wide eyes and then he turned to his father who smirked and nodded to his son. " I was a champion at pranking when I was an elfling. I added dye to the water, hair remover to their shampoo and hung a beehive over the pools. The honey was Galion's idea, it was in a bucket over the door, and when they grasped their towels to cover up they pulled the plug out of the beehive and released the bees." The twins came to an abrupt stop when two huge guards grasped onto them and threw a blanket over each ellon and a beekeeper soon got the bees under control but the sight of the two naked green and hairless twins wouldn't be forgotten there for a very long time. Elladan was gasping, everybody had seen the misery and he had never felt that shocked before. He stared at Legolas. "You….you did this you goddamn…." Thranduil put a protective arm around his son, smirked at the two young ellyn. " No, my son has nothing to do with this. It was my doing and I hope you have learned your lesson by now. Nobody messes with my precious leaf and gets away with it!" Elladan and Elrohir crept back to their rooms in shame and they didn't dare to do anything to avenge their misery. After all, it was the king who had done the prank, they couldn't just prank him back. They returned to Imladris bald and green and Elrond threw quite a tantrum when he saw them. First he laughed so hard he almost passed out, then he cried and afterwards he laughed again before he announced that the forest king indeed knew how to deliver his vengeance with both style and determination. It took months before the twin's hair grew back again, they were green for six more months and sulked for even longer. But the next time they met the Greenwood royalty they behaved like true gentle-elves and didn't prank Legolas again even though they were sorely tempted many times. They didn't want to end up at the receiving end of Thranduil's creativity, once was more than enough. The only green they would wear would be green clothing and they never even teased Legolas with his name. Thranduil had secretly pulled them aside before they left and made a solemn vow that the next time they did anything that stupid he would make sure that they would wake up one morning pink all over with their hair knotted and something silly glued onto certain body-parts and the very idea was enough to keep the twins on the straight and narrow, at least when it came to the woodland royals. The other inhabitants of Imladris on the other hand were fair game and one morning Erestor woke up with his hair braided into the headboard of his bed, his skin bright pink and a pair of fluffy bunny slippers glued to his feet. When Elrond recovered from his laughing fit he promptly sent a letter to Thranduil, thanking him for having disciplined his sons but he would greatly appreciate it if he in the future avoided giving them new ideas. The answer was a huge box of green dye and after that all Elrond had to do to make his sons squirm and go pale was to point at it since he had placed it in plain sight on his desk. It seemed that the idea of going green once more had a greater effect on them than even their father's strictest lectures.