since he didn't have that much of the almond oil and the other ingredients needed so the cream was reserved for the private parts and only there. It did work, but it did sting and Glorfindel grasped a bucket of ice water someone had found in case someone got burned by the wax and sat down in it, hissing with relief. By now he was hairless once more and the other Ellyn there stood there staring with huge eyes and terror written all over their faces. Erestor scoffed. "Come on guys, don't be wimps, show us that you do have some balls after all" Some Ellyn came forth, got some wax and cream and bandages and sauntered off with a friend or two, looking as if they were heading for their own execution. Oh Eru, there would be many sore butts over the next days, Elrond would probably have to gather all the pillows available for the benches they used in the halls. The Ellyn scattered to help each other and now the valley did resound with even more screams and curses, it sounded as if a battle was taking place and if someone had entered unknowing of this bizarre situation they would immediately believe that the elves were being attacked by some absolutely horrible new creation of Morgoth. Elrond was gathering as much skin cream as he could find, it would be needed and he was about to ask Erestor if he could do the honours and help him getting rid of the hair when Thranduil did step forth. He looked slightly embarrassed and Elrond did make a sigh. Of course, that too! The elven king managed to look calm. "Elrond, I…I would like for you to give me a hand?" Elrond nodded. "Alright, but you do have servants?" Thranduil made a grimace. "I do, but…they are servants! I never undress in front of my servants, not even my butler" Elrond should have guessed that, he shrugged. "Here, or some private room?" Thranduil did look sheepish. "A private room please?" Elrond took a deep breath. "Great, follow me" Thranduil did follow, and he gathered a wine bottle from a servant and started drinking on the way, Elrond realized that the tall sinda was very nervous indeed. There were a few rooms with lockable doors there and Elrond turned around and smiled at the king. " Alright, you may strip down now" Thranduil swallowed and started to unbutton his robes, the healer was a bit shocked to see that the sinda had escaped most of the malady, he had chest hair and some on his back apparently but not that much elsewhere. Elrond found some scissors and a razor and went to work on the beard, that actually made him feel a bit sad for incredibly enough Thranduil's beard did look good on him. When that was done it was time for the rest of the hairs and Elrond had to admire the perfect physique. Thranduil was a gorgeous specimen and the hair didn't actually mar his beauty at all, it just made it look more exotic. Elrond did wax the king's chest and he was surprised that Thranduil didn't even moan as he yanked the hairs out. He was indeed tough as the hills themselves. The last part of the royal anatomy to be waxed was in fact the royal butt and Elrond had to pinch his own arm to believe this, who would have thought that he one day would have to remove hair from the ass of one of the Mirkwood royals. Thranduil hadn't even whimpered and Elrond was impressed by the king's stamina and resistance against pain. Thranduil got smeared with some numbing skin cream and then he redressed himself. "Thank you, now I can return home safely. What do you think caused this? Some spell?" Elrond managed to smile. "Ah, most likely yes, Radagast did visit us some time ago, it could be one of his spells gone wrong." Thranduil shrugged. "Doesn't surprise me, that maia has got mushroom stew for a brain" Elrond just prayed that Thranduil never learned the truth about this incident, he would hate dwarves even more vividly if he found out that a dwarf was the cause of this. Elrond had Erestor helping him with his own hairs and he did suddenly remember some curses he had heard Maedhros utter once when he had dropped something due to his handicap, they were inventive and juicy and Maglor had washed his mouth with soap when he heard the young ellon repeat them. But the skin cream did help against the soreness and some of the elves did in fact leave their head hair the way it was. Suddenly the elves making hair pins and ornaments got a lot to do. Then one day Elrond discovered that someone had copied the recipe for the hair growth ointment and he feared the worst. His sons would return from their patrols as usual but now they somehow did come across way better information than before, somehow the orcs they captured were more talkative than ever before. Elrond got a strong suspicion and it was confirmed the year after when he followed the twins on a patrol. Elrohir and Elladan had in fact made some of the ointment and rubbed the captured orcs with it, when the orc was covered with so much hair it resembled a bear they would add wax and yank the hairs out and after just a few strips being pulled out the orcs usually told them absolutely everything they needed to know. Elrond didn't really appreciate the use of torture but at least the recipe did come in handy after all, and the information they gathered was very valuable and helped saving lives. And Elrond could proudly address himself as the "royal butt waxer" knowing that he was one of the very few living beings who could brag about having seen the haughty king of Mirkwood in his birthday suit.