any more. This was terrible! Aravan let out a hoarse roar and Galion could hear the servant heaving for breath, sobbing in pain. Galion wanted to rush into the room, wanted to kill Aravan there and then but he couldn't, he didn't have any weapons and if he did call for the guards to arrest the culprit Aravan would most likely get away with it since he was an envoy from Imladris. Aravan put his pants back on, he was smirking, smacked the young elf's ass hard. " Now, that wasn't too bad now was it? At least you know what it feels like to get some real cock, you ought to be proud of having lost your virginity to someone so far above you." Galion had a hard time breathing, he saw that the servant was barely able to stand and tears were streaming down his face. Aravan was leaning forth, almost caressing the young elf. " If you mention of this to anyone I will not hesitate to tell that boss of yours that you have stolen from the kitchen." The servant just whimpered and Galion frowned, had the servant been stealing? Nothing was missing and he didn't understand at all. The servant whimpered. " Please, it was just a couple of oranges for my little sister…" Aravan sneered. " Still it is theft now isn't it, you will lose your job." Galion had heard enough, what a complete asshole, he was using the fact that the other elf was young and naïve and a few oranges? The servants could take and eat all they wanted from the fruit as long as there was enough left for the feasts. Galion slipped in behind a door and watched how Aravan walked by, looking very smug and pleased with himself. The normally gentle butler would have strangled the bastard if he could. But this was a job for the king, he was to find the punishment for such actions. After a few minutes the servant emerged, limping and pale and his eyes were black and enormous within the young face. Galion slipped out from behind the door and the young elf squeaked and he almost fainted. " Oh Eru, you saw?!" Galion grasped onto the trembling ellon and held him tight. " I did but worry not, you will not lose your job mellon, you are safe. I will make sure that Aravan never hurts another elf, I swear!" The young ellon almost collapsed. " I didn't want to, I didn't want to, I swear. He forced me, it was horrible, oh Eru it hurt" Galion held him gently, feeling how the anger within him made his seethe. " I know, ssshh, you are safe now. I will take you to the healers now, they will help you. That bastard has harmed you I fear." The servant just sobbed and Galion knew that some elves do fade from such horrible actions, he hoped that this young one would survive without a broken soul. He hurried carrying the wounded ellon to the healing ward and he used some hidden corridors only he knew of. The servant was too distraught to even notice where he was, constantly wailing and sobbing and trembling. He rushed in through the doors and the head of the healers stared in disbelief at the butler who carried a youth in his arms. " Hurry, close the doors and let nobody enter. This will not leave this room but send someone to notify the king and ask him to get here soon. But let nobody know why." The healer came over and Galion put the servant down onto a bed very carefully. " What in the name of the one has happened to him? An accident in the kitchen?" Galion snorted. " No, he has been raped! By that sorry excuse for an elf out of Imladris, I bet he is torn up on the inside, as far as I could see the bastard didn't use any sort of lube." The healer gasped and snapped into action, getting more healers over and they gave the servant something that made him fall asleep. Galion sat down on a chair, feeling truly shaken. What sort of a monster was really that ellon? No elf would hurt another like that? Was Aravan truly mad? Drunk with power perhaps? As the healers were working there was the sound of running feet and the king came rushing into the rooms, he looked confused and Galion jumped up onto his feet to greet him. " What is going on, you look as though you have seen a ghost?!" Galion swallowed, he felt a bit faint still. " I have seen something so terrible I have a hard time believing it. Aravan has raped a young servant, the healers are working on him right now!" The king went silent, then he went pale and suddenly his eyes were shooting lightning and he seemed to be aglow with rage. " WHAT?! Are you serious?" Galion looked down. " I am sorry, yes, I am. I saw it with my own eyes." Thranduil sneered. "Then by Morgoth's rotten teeth, he will pay, he will pay dearly for this!" Galion nodded. "Yes my lord, do you want to take him to court?" Thranduil almost growled. " No, he will find a way to talk himself out of it, I am bloody sure. And a trial means that the poor victim will have to testify and I do not want to put anyone so traumatized through something like that, it will just renew the memories. No, I will deal with this, the only way possible. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth!" Galion watched his king's expression and couldn't help but shudder, this didn't look good at all for Aravan, no it did look as though the ellon soon would come face to face with a true force of nature, namely the elven king of Greenwood!