Behind them he could barely see another man, also rather short for an elf and quite stocky and muscular with a strange face which reminded him of a huge cat somehow. He looked very feral. The silvery haired elleth that had to be Frostbird knelt down next to Elywen and stared at the wounded man with disbelief. She could see by his position among the sharp rocks that he was mortally wounded by the fall and she could smell his pain and fear. It had to be absolutely awful, to be lying there all alone knowing that death was inevitable. Elywen grasped Frostbirds hand. " I am not strong enough to stabilize him alone, but if we two join our forces we might be able to save him. At least we can manage to get him safely back home. " Frostbird stared at the wounded elf, he was richly clad and there was something about him that told her he wasn't just anybody. Those very beautiful iceblue eyes were pleading, he was desperate and she could understand why. "Easy my friend, relax. Don't worry, we won't hurt you. But we can't move you yet, if we do you might end up paralyzed and we don't want that to happen now do we?" She smiled gently and that smile was like a whiff of spring air. Hawk made a grimace. "I would not get my hopes up too high. Even Naragh might be unable to patch that guy back together again" Elywen just gave him a very determined glance. "If he can't then maybe Rheynek can. Remember, he saved you!" Hawk sighed. "That was just a reward, because he had served the Gods well that one time. He isn't a healer!" She shook her head. " I don't care, I won't let this man die" She took his hand again. "Now, we are going to ease your pain and give you some strength back. And possibly prevent your fractures from moving any more, to avoid further damage when we move you." I don't want to be moved he wanted to scream, I just want to tell you about my son. Let me die for I cannot be saved. But the two women held their hands together and the place suddenly got very hot, it felt like the heat of a furnace against his skin and he could see that Frostbirds eyes had turned white, like a milky mist had formed over them. And Elywens eyes reminded him of raw flames, burning and dancing and consuming everything evil and bad. He screamed, could not help it nor stop it. The agony reached a level he barely could believe that anything could survive and then all of a sudden it was gone. He just felt numb all over, like his body was gone. He heard some sickening cracking noises and felt how broken bones were brought back together and he screamed once more, more out of mental anguish than pain. It felt just…just sick! He was panting and Elywens hand rested upon his chest, made his breathing easier. He suddenly felt a surge of hope rush through him, with such powers, maybe they really were able to save him? Maybe he could see his son again, redeem himself of his old sins. The two women were sweating and in obvious distress. They were hurting, he could see it and yet they were doing this for him, for a complete stranger! The thought was very humbling indeed, and he felt so very grateful. When they finally let go of him he was freed from the pain but he felt strange, like he was hovering and he was dizzy. Elywen smiled and wiped the sweat from her brow. "He won't die, at least not now. We can get him back home without hurting him further. But he'll need a lot of care and if he lives it will take months to recover, if he ever does." Frostbird sighed and stroked his long silky hair. " No wonder, I have never seen anybody survive such damage. He has to be incredibly strong and tough!" He swallowed, was still thirsty but he felt like he could manage to speak again, at least a few words. He clung onto Elywens hand like a drowning man clings onto a lifebelt, managed to produce a few gasping sounds but no understandable speech. Hawk knelt down, he held a small pocket bottle in his hand. "Here, give him some of this, it can't hurt and it might even help a bit." Elywen looked at it with narrow eyes. "Is that what I think it is?" The dark elf nodded. "Yep, Dern's best liquor, strong enough to wake the dead!" Elywen made a strange grimace but held the bottle towards the elf's lips. "One small sip and nothing more than that, this stuff has a kick like a mule I warn you." He felt liquid running past his parched lips and swallowed eagerly, she had not been exaggerating a bit. It did really kick like a mule and the taste made him gasp for air but by the Valar, it felt wonderful and the aftertaste was of ripe strawberries and cherries. He sighed with relief and felt better. Elywen supported his head and he felt that he possibly could speak. He gathered his strength and had to close his eyes as to not reveal too much of his emotions. "Please…" He swallowed hard. "Please tell my son of what happened to me if I die." Elywen looked at him and her eyes were filled with compassion. " Of course we will if we can, who is he, and what is your name my friend?" He felt his head spin and knew that he was close to passing out. " My sons name is Legolas Greenleaf of Mirkwood, I am king Thranduil of Mirkwood. " And with those words darkness fell over him and he passes out like a candle in the wind.