something. The dwarves looked at each other, and some faces started to twitch, then some couldn't help themselves and started to chuckle and after a short while they too were laughing, really hard and very loudly. Dwarves do have a sort of rowdy humor and they were pointing at each other and admiring the different methods and patterns. Legolas grinned. " I lost my comb in the pool, Aiwendil made it braid everything, can you get someone to get it for me?" Thranduil stared at his son, it clicked! Aiwendil, of course it was the work of a wizard. That bird brain ought to know that you never should give an elfling or any other child for that matter, magical objects! Oh he was going to have a long chat with the brown wizard, a long chat! The dwarves stopped laughing, wiped tears of their face and Thranduil managed to speak again, even though his face was a bit red and he was trembling. After all, the sight was comical and he did have a sense of humor even though most people could have sworn that he didn't even know what that word meant. " I do apologize, most sincerely! It appears that a certain wizard has done something he shouldn't have! I will see if I can make him undo this magic, right away!" Legolas still giggled and the dwarves stared at his braided head and had to laugh too. " Oh, no real harm done, and wouldn't you say lads, that we have gotten some new fashion ideas too? I bet yer wife would love those braids down there Golin?" Said dwarf just guffawed, he had three thick brown braids hanging down alongside his cock and it made his crotch look a bit like an udder of some sorts. " But mind you, she may grasp the wrong thing in the dark." They all laughed again and Thranduil sent one of the advisors to get Aiwendil and explain the situation. The wizard came running after a short while, robes flying behind him and a distinct scent of fox pee filled the room. Aiwendil stopped and stared with huge eyes for a few seconds, then he too succumbed to a wild fit of laughter and in the end he was laying on the ground writhing. Thranduil sent him a deathly glare. " When you are finished soiling my floors then could you perhaps out of the goodness of your heart undo that magic? Or else I will kick you into that pool myself, robes and all!" Aiwendil did shut up, then he blinked twice and got up, shaking his head. " Oh, but I can only remove the magic from the comb, so it won't happen again. The braids will have to come out the ordinary way" Thranduil rolled his eyes and sighed, he would have to spend hours unbraiding Legolas. And the dwarves? Oh Eru and all his valar, that would be a monumental task. He took a deep breath. " Then do it, get that magic out of the pool, and if I catch you giving away magical stuff one more time I will make sure you spend the next millennia in my dungeons!" Aiwendil squeaked something which could be an apology, then he shouted something in valarin and shrugged. "It is done!" The dwarves looked a bit nervous. " How about our braids aye?" Thranduil was thinking fast. "We do sometimes have human visitors, I bet there has to be a razor here somewhere" The dwarves groaned but by now they had understood the situation and they couldn't really bear a grudge against the sweet little elfling. It had been an accident after all, and really nobody's fault. Thranduil sent some servants for razors and they came back with a few and the dwarves retired to the baths to try and remove the braids. In the end most had to shave their bodies for the hairs were hopelessly entangled and they even had to shave their asses and came out of the baths smooth as newborn babies. Only their beards and hair was saved from the razors, and of course their eyebrows except in one case where the eyebrows had been joined to the hair on the poor dwarf's chest in a very long thin braid. Thranduil did spend the rest of the day fixing his son's hair and getting some rather awkward questions he preferred not to answer, and when Legolas fell asleep sitting on his lap he sighed and knew he had learned yet another thing about parenting he hadn't known before. Never mix elflings and wizards like Aiwendil, it is a recipe for disaster. Things returned to normal, and Aiwendil left but three days later the cook came running looking as if he had spotted Morgoth himself in the larder. The sausages hanging in the back of the room had been braided during the night and it soon became apparent that somebody had taken water from the pool at night before the wizard removed the magic and it had gotten spread throughout the pipes and water storages since they used that pool as an extra water source when it hadn't rained in a while, and nobody had used it for bathing. So for the next few days things that got washed ended up being braided, elves taking a drink of water risked waking up with their hair being braided into the bedding and when the king himself woke up one morning with his long silvery blond hair braided into the headboard of his bed he ordered that the entire system of pipes, cisterns and drains were to be completely flushed and washed. He didn't want any of this to happen again, the only good thing was that he got to spend the entire day in bed with his son while the servants tried to untangle his hair from the bed. So at least one good thing came out of the whole beardy business.