He commanded gently, but firmly. When she had done so, Elrond coated Estel's palms with the cream; then he placed the dimpled hands palm down onto the 3-year-old's own chest. Praying soft words to Varda, he waited. Then Estel breathed in deeply and his body became wracked with coughing. Elrond's breath caught as he wondered if he had done the right thing. Taking a cloth, he wiped Estel's forehead and then his mouth, wiping away the phlegm. Taking one last deep breath, Estel's coughing ceased and he settled down. Elrond was fearful to touch him at first, but then he touched his cheek and chest. A sob escaped him and then he laughed. "His fever is breaking and he is breathing easier!" Elrohir, quiet up to that point, exclaimed, "Truly, Ada? Truly?" "Yes, Ion-nin—yes!" He beamed to Elrohir, then Elladan and Arwen in turn. "Praise the Valar!" Arwen said as Elladan kneeled by her chair. They watched as Elrond wiped away the salve from Estel's hands and closed his shirt. Then pulling the covers up to the boys chin, he gave in to his emotions, laying his head against Estel's chest, sobbing openly. Then small arms came up and embraced him close. "Ada—why you cry?" A young, raspy voice inquired. Looking up through his tears, he gazed upon Estel's sweet face. "Someone very dear to me has been very ill, Ion—I have been quite worried." Smiling crookedly, Estel (still a bit congested) said with confidence, "You are gweat...healah, Ada. You can...make them bettah—no one bettah healah than you." Elrond smiled, "Thank you, Estel." He knew that there was one other great healer in the room. He looked to Arwen and the Twins next to the bed. "I think I can rest now." He lay down next to the sleepy child, pulling him close. As the others left, Elrond slipped into reverie and for the first time, he didn't dream of his days with Elros, but of the boy next to him in whom Elros still lived. Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: At Last! Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Elrond, Arwen, Legolas, Elladan, Elrohir, and 3-yr-old Estel. Rating: G Genre: Drabble (400 words) Warnings: AU, Slash, Warm & Fuzzy. Disclaimer: Characters are NOT MINE, never will be—though I constantly dream. Timeline: TA 2934 in Rivendell. Feedback: Yes, Visitors from Mirkwood arrive in Rivendell. This happens sometime before my previous drabble entitled 'No!'—that features Legolas, too. The title is taken from the Etta James song 'At Last'—lyrics & Elvish phrase glossary at the end. Estel pulled on Arwen's hand as he tried to entice her to take him to play in the garden. It had rained earlier and there was fresh mud everywhere. "Calm down, Estel—our guests are approaching!" Arwen admonished. Elrond said to him, "It will not take very long, Penneth; after we greet our friend from Mirkwood, Arwen can take you to play." He laughed silently as Estel calmed, he had only to ask, and the child responds. He was still awed by the reality of Estel—so sweet and loving. The boy was quite adorable in his formal robes, his hair combed. It wouldn't last long, but hopefully long enough to meet the youngest Prince from Mirkwood. Elladan and Elrohir were very anxious to see Legolas again; so was Arwen, not having seen him for centuries. The only one not interested was the youngest, his mind on a certain garden filled with mud. "There—they are approaching!" Arwen jumped up and down, much the same as Estel when he was excited. The party dismounted and the guards stepped aside to allow Legolas to come forwards, stopping before Lord Elrond. Bowing slightly with a hand over his heart, Legolas said, "Mae govannen, Hir-nin—it has been too long." "Welcome back to Imladris, Legolas." Elrond pulled the Sinda into an embrace, surprising him—he'd never done so before; he had changed this past year. Legolas was then embraced by the siblings (more familiar to him). Once released, Elrond spoke again. "Legolas, I would like you to meet my ion dithen Estel." Estel was still distracted, mind elsewhere. "Estel!" Arwen whispered forcefully near the 3-year-old's tiny ear. "Welcome Prince Legolas." He looked to Arwen noticing her upset; then to Elrond who stared at him with raised brow. Looking chastised, Estel turned to their guest. Blue-green eyes grew large as saucers as they alighted upon the beautiful wood-elf. Legolas came over to stand before the tiny adan. "Hello, Penneth—how are you?" He smiled at the stunned boy. Lord Elrond laughed behind his hand, but the Twins barked openly at Estel's open-mouth gape. Estel didn't understand what he was feeling, but he knew that Legolas was special. He wanted to hug him tightly and play in his long hair like Erestor does Glorfindel. Arwen nudged Estel, "Legolas has asked you a question." Legolas repeated his query. "How are you?" "In love," he said dreamily. Please Review Penneth – Young one Mae govannen – Well met Ion dithen – Younger/youngest son Adan – Man At Last Written By: M. Gordon, H. Warren Lyrics: At last my love has come along My lonely days are over And life is like a song Ohh yeah yeah At last The skies above are blue My heart was wrapped up in clover The night I looked at you I found a dream, that I could speak to A dream that I can call my own I found a thrill to press my cheek to A thrill that I have never known Ohh yeah yeah You smile, you smile Oh and then the spell was cast And here we are in heaven For you are mine at last I found a dream, that I could speak to A dream that I can call my own I found a thrill to press my cheek to A thrill that I have never known Ohh yeah yeah You smile, you smile Oh and then the spell was cast And here we are in heaven For you are mine at last!