focusing again on Pippin and the current events. 'Pippin, please listen to me.' Merry said, trying to sound urgent. Pippin scowled up at his friend, interrupting 'No Merry, I don't think I will. I don't think you understand the situation completely. You see I met Kiearâ here, down in Gondor. You remember don't you?' His eyes looked pleading for a moment. 'The night before the siege to be exact. I haven't seen her since. And I missed her very much the last few years. So don't you tell me what I should do. You have no idea what it's been like for me.' Merry was beginning to feel he shocked too readily. Though he was amazed at what Pippin had revealed to him with that little speech of his. Merry knew for sure he loved her. There was no question there. Though he wondered if Pippin knew. 'Pippin,' he began cautiously, 'don't you see?' He paused. 'You love her and it'll surely be doomed.' Oh, he hated himself for saying that but it was the truth. Pippin seemed taken aback. 'That's…that's absurd. How dare you barge into my house like and—and—' His anger was beginning to falter. 'Ah, Merry, you're such a nuisance sometimes.' Merry grinned slightly, and then sobered. 'Just think on it a bit. Please Pippin.' Without waiting for a response he left the room, quietly making his way out. § Pippin couldn't bear to look at Kiearâ. She was standing so calmly, so steadily, as though contemplating very hard, what Merry had just said. He sighed. Rising he moved to her side, wrapping the quilt around him. 'I'm sorry… about Merry I mean. What he said.' She turned to look at him, a smile forming on her face as she leaned down a bit toward him. 'I wouldn't worry too much, Pip darling. He won't tell anyone.' 'Oh, I know that.' He said feeling rather startled. 'It's just…'he said quietly as he wrapped his arm around her waist, absently holding her to him. He paused unsure of what to say or how to continue. Oh he loved her. Merry's words had rung true though he had denied them at the time. He loved her with such a depth it almost frightened him. Hobbits weren't generally creatures where true love ran strong. Oh, they loved, but their love was for food, pipe-weed, decent company and good friends to talk to. Not a love for the companionship and company of a woman that somehow, strangely, shocked and moved him deeper than he had known. She turned in his arms, as though waiting. When he didn't say anything she sighed moving away from him, staring silently out a window. Confused, Pippin moved beside her again, taking her hand. 'Kiearâ, love, what's wrong?' She sighed again. Continuing to stare out the window she murmured. 'Ah, Pippin, my dearest love, I don't think I've ever felt this way before. It's so much more than a feeling. It's practically alive, it breathes, and burns, and moves all on it own. It consumes me sometimes. I think…perhaps Merry was right.' She hung her head, seeming to lose hope. Grasping her hands tightly, he pulled her to him. Whispering fiercely he said. 'No Merry can't be right. He doesn't know what it is. He… doesn't know what it feels like.' Her eyes seemed to bore into his, filling his mind with such a wave of wonder and joy that he thought he'd weep. Then suddenly she smiled, laughing she pulled him into a tight embrace hugging him closely. He gasped, startled, than feeling inspired, he kissed her hotly on the mouth, holding her to him as she struggled faintly in his grasp, her eyes laughing as they fell down together in the old heap of blankets near the end of his bed. § Pippin stared idly up at the ceiling tracing patterns in the wood with his eyes. Next to him Kiearâ lounged by his side seeming to contemplate hard on something. Seeming puzzled she turned to him. Oh, how he loved to watch her. It seemed ages since Merry had been here, that confrontation quite forgotten on his part. 'Pippin,' she paused, 'what did Merry mean by the 'King's command'? That you broke it, I mean.' Startled, Pippin sat up again fiddling with the old blankets they had been using. He was silent a moment. 'Well, the truth is, Aragorn has this law in the making, so to speak, which will prohibit anyone of the race of Men to enter the Shire without Aragorn's say so. The only reason Merry and I know about it is because Aragorn is, after all, a dear old friend.' 'Oh.' To reassure her from the slight expression of uncertainly and almost horror he thought he saw reflected in her eyes, he continued. 'Of course it doesn't apply and he might not do it. Some folk would be rather anxious for it here in the Shire, I'm sure. If they knew about it and all that I mean. Most hobbits would welcome the idea.' 'Would you?' she asked softly, almost warily, as though a part of her dreaded the answer. 'Of course not.' He replied matter of factly. She seemed taken aback. Staring, puzzled at him, she asked. 'Why not?' It was his turn to feel taken aback. 'Why Kiearâ, I would never want to do anything that could force me to lose you. I haven't seen you in so long.' Diverting his gaze from hers he said, more softy than before. 'I've missed you Kiearâ.' Almost shyly, he glanced back up her and saw her smiling at him, her eyes so bright he couldn't help but smile back and then kiss her gently on the mouth. She didn't move away or seem at all surprised. Laying his head delicately against her, he heard her whisper. 'I've missed you too Pippin. I know I won't ever have to be alone.' Smiling, she bent down toward him kissing him sweetly.