aid—the kind that were needed for injuries incurred during skirmishes on the practice fields. Well there was that time that Galdor was wounded on his shoulder after he failed to properly parry during a sparring match. The healer that was present had applied pressure to the elf's shoulder to staunch the bleeding before dressing the wound. Armed with this knowledge, but far from confident, the elf picked up the knife that he'd dropped when he fell to his knees next the fallen man. His thought was to quickly fashion some kind of bandage from his undershirt to dress the wound and then he would apply the necessary pressure to keep as much of the life's blood inside of the weak mortal body. "Forgive me if this hurts you," said the heavily accented voice in the Common Tongue. The almost violet blue eyes of the unknown young man briefly stared at Legolas before fluttering close again. Blood squirted from beneath the elegant fingers, staining the green tunic of the would-be healer as well as the knife that was lying across the shapely hips of the blond. Legolas was concentrating so hard on his task—a task that he was unsure of—that his normally sharp elven hearing nearly failed to warn him of approaching horse hooves coming from just behind the Prince's position. Thinking that the thieves were returning to kill them both, Legolas retrieved his long knife and struck an attack posture, ready to defend himself and his worsening patient. From the sound of the hooves, there were several riders approaching; but they didn't seem to be in any hurry. The hooligans must have brought reinforcements to finish what they started and take care of the Elven warrior, too. He refused to get his hopes up that these were his brothers coming for him. He knew the sound of Elven mounts and these had the sound of ones with shod hooves. "I will try to save us both, Hir-nin (My Lord), but I am injured as well and I am no match for so many. I pray to the Valar that these Men are friendly and mean us no harm." Legolas was truly afraid; he didn't realize that if the unconscious mortal could hear him, it was unlikely he would have been able to understand the wood-elf for he had lapsed into Sindarin in his nervousness. These Edain weren't visible through the tree's foliage, but they were close. The terrified immortal closed his eyes briefly, sending up the promised prayer to Eru and one silent plea to his beloved father—Adar, please forgive me for the grief my death will cause...I am sorry. "Come now, Your Highness; surely you jest? Boromir, what say you to all this?" The 3rd Marshall of the Riddermark was nonplussed. His handsome face alight with mirth. Boromir raised his hands up in a gesture that seemed to beg off contradicting his Prince and cousin. "I stand by my Lord's assessment; I was not there—at least not consciously," said the green-eyed blond. "He was in his cups, and had long been passed out from the freely flowing ail. I on the other hand was quite sober as was the dwarf relaying the tale. Lord Gimli swore to me the truth of it; dwarf women do exist and those old tales that dwarven babies are mined out of the mountains along with their gems and mithril are all lies and falsehoods." The extremely handsome Crowned Prince asserted. "The reason no one other than dwarves recalls seeing these elusive females is because they have the same features as their male counterparts." "Beards and all?" Éomer asked incredulously. "Beards and all! Perhaps we should plan a trip to visit Gimli and he can introduce us to his relatives and I will be exonerated and can once again enjoy the privilege of having your undying faith in me!" Éomer laughed at the 'hurt and insulted' look on his friend Aragorn's face. The attractive trio continued their fun until the guards riding ahead of them called a halt as the clearing before them came into view. With a cry of despair, Lord Boromir jumped from the back of his mount and ran straight for the two beings positioned on the worn path. "Faramir!" "Boromir, no! Take care," Aragorn was only seconds behind his cousin and managed to catch him, placing his body between the distraught noble and the blood-covered elf hovering above his unconscious cousin threateningly. The humans hadn't been close enough for the young elf to hear their words clearly, but they seemed to be speaking in a jovial, animated way. Their tone led him to conclude that they were civilized and not like the coarse men who had robbed his young 'friend' beside him. His first glimpse of the uniformed men leading the still concealed majority put the Elven Prince somewhat at ease—he was used to dealing with guardsmen. However, Legolas' brief relief at seeing these Men and not the thieves he expected quickly fled as the furious dark-haired adan with the hate-filled blue-green eyes plunged towards him, knocking him to the ground hard, jarring and re-injuring his already damaged ribcage, causing the air to swoosh out of him along with an anguished groan. When his sight cleared, the blond wood-elf tried to escape his attacker, but he was unable to; the larger male had his full weight pressed against him and one of his strong hands had worked its way into the Prince's thick silver-blond mane, pulling his head back to an uncomfortable angle and the other had wrenched the sharp knife out of his pain-loosened grip. That knife was now pressed menacingly against Legolas' vulnerable, pale throat and an equally menacing voice spoke to him in perfect Sindarin, "Move, Elf-filth and I'll cut your murdering throat!" TBC Please review and tell me what you think so far. ¹ Elros' age as stated in the book Tolkien's World from A to Z, The Complete Guide to Middle-earth, Robert Foster, pg. 145.