He queried. "It is nearly midnight." "Nearly the first morning of Yule. Thank you, my Lord, I'll go in quickly. There's not much time." Legolas moved towards the closed door and, as he went inside, the Lord Glorfindel marveled at blond elf's words, but the Elrondion children and their adar knew exactly what the Prince's words meant. Legolas placed the mistletoe on the bedside table and gathered Estel's right hand into his and placed his left over both. "Estel, I am here. Your Prince is here with you. I know about the mistletoe, the legend and what you had planned to do with it. I am so flattered and touched that you would think of me. I kept it safe for you and if you truly want to kiss me beneath it on the first stroke of midnight on the first morn of Yule, you must wake up...time is fast approaching!" There was no response from the unconscious youth, so the blond one tried again. "Please, come back to us...to me. You asked me to come visit at Yule time and I told you that I was not sure if I could; but I remembered your sweet pleas and so here I am. Will you awake for me?" Legolas stood up and as gently as he good, he sat on the bed next to the injured 11-year-old. Leaning down, he placed his head next to Estel's beneath the boy's chin (being mindful of the cracked ribs and sprained arm) and began to softly sing. Estel once told Legolas that he loved hearing the Prince sing and so he sang of their first meeting and he sang of how much Legolas liked and admired him. Estel's head hurt something awful and he ached all over it seemed, but he was feeling very comforted at the same time. He smelled cream, honey and sweet berries and he could hear the sweetest song. Legolas, my Perfect One! "Legolas, my Perfect One," he croaked aloud this time. Legolas carefully sat up, but continued to sing softly. A beautiful smile graced the young Prince's face as his friend slowly opened his blue-green eyes. Seeing the smile, Estel answered with one of his own, though it swiftly turned to a grimace as the moving muscles in his face caused his headache to re-assert itself. "Where am I, your Highness?" He said barely above a whisper. Legolas heard him and answered, "You are in the Houses of Healing—you gave us all quite a scare. We found you in the woods, injured and half-frozen and we were quite blessed to find you in time. How do you feel?" "I ache all over," He said and then asked brightly, "You rescued me?" "I was only one of many—your ada, siblings and the people of Rivendell who love you all helped." "Do you love me?" he asked shyly. "I love you, too, mellon-nin," Legolas smiled. This wasn't quite the endearment he longed for, but it was enough for now. "I am going to go fetch Lord Elrond to let him know that you are well, but first, there is something I must do." The wood-elf reached over to the bedside table and picked up Estel's prized mistletoe. "You searched high and low for this and it nearly cost you your life." Estel blushed deeply, "You know? You must think that I'm terribly silly!" "No, Dear One, I do not. This is the sweetest, loveliest thing anyone has ever done for me. If you still wish to, I'd like my kiss, now. It is nearly the first stroke of midnight." As the chime began, Legolas leaned down to face the young boy (whose eyes were large as saucers) and gently placed the-sweetest-kiss-in-the-history-of-kisses upon the lips of the Heir to the Throne of Gondor. In the short time that the kiss lasted, Legolas experienced the strangest series of visions: One was of him and a very handsome young man kissing beneath a dozen sprigs of mistletoe one snowy Yule in Mirkwood; another one of them in a wood near a field of battle somewhere, gazing into each other's eyes with great love and promises of better times; and finally, of them in a white city of stone, dancing beneath hanging Yule-tide lanterns in a lovely garden, surrounded by evergreens and their beloved mistletoe. Opening his eyes as he pulled slowly away, Legolas understood what he had seen—his and Estel's futures, as well as the future of Middle-earth, were linked and that an obscure legend, discovered by the resourceful young adan, made it possible for this to be revealed to him. I will be there for you...to guide and protect you; and one day, we will share our lives . "Oh, my," Estel exclaimed, grinning goofily. "My..." Legolas and Estel didn't know it, but they had an audience. The Lord and his children were smiling with tears in their eyes as they witness the kiss and rejoiced that their Estel was out of danger. "Welcome back, Young One—we are most relieved," Elrond said. Just then, all of Rivendell reverberated with bells and chimes, ringing in the first day of Yule. Seeing the patient newly awakened, the golden Lord, Glorfindel raced out and began the peals and glorious ringing. When the saddened citizens inquired as to his actions, the usually subdued elf shouted out, "He has come back to us!" This and thousands of Elven voices singing provided a wonderful backdrop to the tears of joy and numerous embraces shared between the members of the House of Elrond and their dear friends. For years to come, all would remember that particular Yule when their family's stability and happiness was sorely tested; but they would agree every year thereafter, that no matter how long each would live, they would never take lightly the love they shared—and they never did. And as for what would happen between the golden Prince of Mirkwood and the Future King of Gondor...that is a tale for another time. The Beginning...