on his face and appeared to be fumbling with something underneath the water. Glorfindel was looking in that direction at the moment a most terrifying scream could be heard, it was so shrill and loud it would have made a ring wraith green with envy and it could have made their ears bleed if it had been just half an octave higher. Glorfindel stared at the scholar who stood in the water like he was frozen and screamed like crazy, he was pale as snow and his eyes enormous with shock. Glorfindel didn't know what to do, was it some monster in the small pond? Had something attacked the scholar? But he did stand still, he didn't move? The warriors stared too, confused and scared and they didn't dare to go near the pond until they knew what it was that made the scholar scream like that. Glorfindel ran down to the pond, Aradhelion was obviously clutching his crotch with both hands and he was almost jumping up and down. His eyes were rolling in his head and Glorfindel did for a second seriously believe that maybe there were pike in the pond and that they had gotten tempted by what they saw dangling and took a bite out of it. But there was no blood in the water and the pond had to be rather warm too, no fish could survive in there for long. Aradhelion then started making mewling sounds and he sort of skipped forward, with his legs pressed together and his eyes bulging like those of a deep sea fish that's been pulled up too fast. He reached the shore and Glorfindel stared at the scholar and he was gaping. The warriors stared too and they weren't less shocked than him. The pond had leeches in it, lots of them. And now each and every one of them seemed to be happily dining on Noldorin elf blood. Aradhelion had at least fifty leeches attached to his skin and they were everywhere, on his legs, his butt, his back, his belly and most had attached themselves to his groin area. There were a cluster of them hanging from his balls and it was a grotesque sight. The condition of the ellon's physique didn't make things any better, no elf is ugly but it was rather obvious that physical labor wasn't Aradhelion's favorite way to spend his days. He was soft and pale and even though nobody could call him fat he wasn't exactly fit. 'The leeches were pulsing as they were feeding and Glorfindel saw why he was holding his hands in front of his gweth, it too had gotten its fair share of leeches. About ten had latched onto the organ and it was no doubt that the ellon felt it. He staggered onto the beach and fell down onto his knees and then he tilted forward with a moan and lay there wriggling like a worm. Glorfindel just stared, he was so in shock of the sight he was almost paralyzed. Then one of the warriors started laughing, he was laughing so hard he fell too and lay there kicking in the sand, and before long the other two joined him wholeheartedly. Glorfindel too wanted to laugh, he felt his insides twisting at the sight and yet it was so terribly comical. But he had to act now before the poor ellon lost too much blood. He got tinder and flint from his saddle, got a small fire going and then he ordered the warriors to grasp a hold of Aradhelion's arms and legs and hold him. Glorfindel started removing leeches one by one by pressing a glowing stick to them and Aradhelion was screaming and crying and writhing and cursing. Glorfindel removed the one's on his gweth last, the scholar just lay there now, panting and rolling his eyes in horror and disgust. The bites didn't hurt, but the shock and horror of it had thrown the ellon into a state of catatonic shock. He just lay there shivering and moaning. Glorfindel got all the leeches, then he cleaned the wounds and they had to wait for two whole hours before it stopped bleeding. Aradhelion didn't speak nor move at all, he was just staring into nothing with a face as pale as a clean sheet of paper and he was constantly whimpering something about his mother and monsters. Glorfindel did almost pity the ellon, almost. They rested there until the day after and the three warriors and Glorfindel did bathe too, in the river, where there were no leeches. Glorfindel had to have Aradhelion in front of him in the saddle since the ellon still was in shock and he didn't speak at all for the rest of the journey. He just sat there mumbling and blinking and clutching his gweth like he was afraid that it would fall off. Glorfindel and the others rode onto the courtyard of Imladris just before it got dark. Elrond came to greet them and he stared at the ellon Glorfindel was holding in his arms. They hadn't managed to get any clothes onto Aradhelion and he was still not able to communicate. Elrond gasped and just blinked. "What in the name of the Valar have happened to him? Orc attack? Spider bite?" Glorfindel jumped off Asfaloth and petted the horse on the neck, he grasped Aradhelion as if he was a bag of potatoes and put he down very unceremoniously. He grinned widely and his eyes were a bit vicious when he answered the healer's question. "No, nothing like that. I guess he just got sucked off big time, but not in a good way!" Elrond just stared at the Balrog slayer who walked up the stairs whistling. His job was over for this time and he had never been so glad he was back home in Imladris and before the night fell everybody would know of the leeches and Aradhelion's gweth. (Gweth: Sindarin for Penis.)