but then it feels very nice, and it helps you bond even tighter than before." Cauron was getting even more tense. " And that is it? I just…stick it in like that?" Elrond realized what his problem was, the poor ner was sitting in a very odd position and the healer got a sly grin on his face. "Well, first of all you remove your clothing and caress each other, kiss and cuddle until she is ready and then you can go ahead and do it" Cauron whimpered. "H…how do I know that she is ready?" Elrond pointed at the drawing. "When she gets slick and wet down there, now, have you understood?" They stared at each other, wide eyed and both looked very embarrassed but also a bit determined. "Well, yes, ah, what if we do something wrong?" Elrond shook his head. "You won't, believe me, once you get going it will be easy" Cauron was crouched over even more than before. "M…my lord, I…I feel…like that and…" Elrond got up, a sort of devil had flown into him. There was a guest room next to the infirmary for people who had to stay and watch over someone injured and the bed was both freshly made and sturdy. "Great, then you may follow me and if you like to try right now you can, I will be outside, in case you have questions." Alassiel looked as if she was ready to pass out and then she got a determined pout on her face. "If we do it now, how long will we have to wait for that elfling?" The healer sighed, "One year" She took a deep breath. "So the earlier we do it the earlier we will have a child of our own right?" Elrond nodded and Alassiel took Cauron by the hand. "Let's do it, I am not afraid" Cauron was blushing and trembling and Elrond knew the drawings had had a very invigorating effect on the young male, he was probably painfully hard already. Elrond showed them to the room and they both entered, looking nervous. Cauron looked at him with pleading eyes. " You promise you will stay here the whole time?" Elrond nodded again and felt the need to laugh again but he didn't, oh Eru what a day. He patted Cauron on the back. "Remember what I told you, undress, kiss and caress and then you can go for it" Both nodded with determination written all over their faces and Elrond closed the door, his shoulders shaking with mirth. This was not the kind of jobs he had had while in Endor, that was for bloody sure. He stood by the door and heard the sound of someone throwing clothing onto the chairs, then a gasp from Alassiel and an outraged. "Eru's mercy, is it supposed to be that big?!" Cauron mumbled something and then there was the sound of kissing, a lot of it, and Elrond could hear that both had started to breathe rather heavily by now. He felt embarrassed having to listen to all sorts of whispered endearments and gasps and moans and then finally they had ended up in bed for he heard Cauron proclaim that she was wet, and Alassiel sort of whimpered and begged him for it and Elrond just knew it, these two would probably not stop until they had enough elflings to build a small army. Alassiel sort of squealed and he heard Cauron moan and grunt and the bed had started banging against the wall in a very lively rhythm. Nothing wrong with him for sure, he had figured it out just fine. Elrond felt himself blush, he could hear everything and Alassiel had suddenly discovered that this did feel good and she was very vocal about it too, and she had great lungs. Elrond stood there feeling like a moron as his assistant entered the room, the poor ner was staring with huge eyes. "Morgoth's balls, what is going on?" Elrond giggled. "They didn't know that they needed to fuck to have kids, but now they do!" The assistant just gaped and Elrond broke down into giggles and tears as they both heard Cauron roar something about the valar and their holiness and Alassiel was screaming from the top of her lungs. Cauron finished with a howl that would have made a warg green with envy and then the room fell silent. He heard a thin voice coming from behind the door "Ah master healer? He…he passed out? Is that normal?!" Elrond leaned against the wall, still shaking with mirth. "Yes dear, he will come to again soon, and then you can continue if you like, as many times as you want to" He could hear Alassiel sigh, she sounded very pleased. " Oh that is great, I liked it. Thank you my lord" Elrond had to leave before he started laughing out loud. "You are welcome dear, and remember, don't listen to stupid advice" He returned to his office, still chuckling. Well, at least that was one pair of very pleased patients and he had done something good this day too. He closed the office and returned home to Celebrian and she petted him and looked at him with her huge blue eyes, it was obvious that she understood that something was different than usual. "Now dear, how was your day? You do look tired. " Elrond fought the urge to burst into laughter again. " Oh, you know, it has just been one of those days, cuts sores broken teeth and vanyar too blonde to fuck!" Celebrian just stood there staring at him with a flabbergasted expression on her face while he hung up his outer robe. She would not rest now until she had been given the whole story and Elrond was pretty sure that before long his good wife would be rolling on the floor laughing. And that wasn't such a bad way to end the day at all.