he felt something hard, something which absolutely should not have been there. It appeared to be lodged in her cervix and the healer already knew what this was, and why. He sighed and used some instruments to remove the object, she immediately started to bleed and he feared that the blood loss would be too much for her, but then again, he didn't want her to die with that thing still stuck inside of her. Teren was staring at him with huge eyes as he pulled the thing forth and the elf just turned on his heel and left the room with a choked cough. Ringariel swallowed and turned grey but she remained there and Poicano worked for over an hour to remove all the puss and flush her with herbal extracts which could help her fight the terrible infection. Poicano felt sick, numb even. It was just so awful, beyond anything he ever had experienced. How could creatures treat others like this? When he had done all that he could he made sure that she was placed in a good bed and that someone would be watching over her the whole time. He did not think that she had much of a chance but at least they had tried. Nobody else had tried to save her, it was rather obvious. Had those humans understood how ill she was? Had they just pretended like nothing, tried to make as much money on her as possible before she died? The idea made him too red hot with anger, he would have done exactly what the king did if he was in his shoes. A beheading was a far too swift and gentle punishment, the men should have been flogged. He went to the throne room and found Thranduil sitting on his throne with a goblet of wine in his hands and a very sinister expression on his fair face. He looked as if he was ready to get up and slice a whole army into dice sized pieces and Poicano sighed and bowed. He knew that their king appeared to be both cold and arrogant but it was a façade, he did care a lot about others, he just could not let everybody see it. He turned his ice blue gaze towards Poicano who felt a little insecure, how much did the king really need to know? He was the king, the healer did not want to keep any secrets from him, it never worked in the long run. Thranduil put down the goblet and sighed. " So, how bad is it?" Poicano shrugged. " Bad, I cannot lie. I do not really think that she will survive but since she is still alive she might have a tiny chance. I did find the source of the infection which is killing her" He pulled the metal object out of his pocket, it had been cleaned and Thranduil stared at it with a confused expression on his face. " Is that a crochet needle? What does that have to do with anything?" Poicano looked down. " I found it in her" The king frowned. " Had someone stabbed her with a crochet needle?!" The healer sighed heavily, to an elf such actions were unheard of, no wonder why Thranduil didn't understand. " No, in her, as in her…you know… female area?" The king just stared at him for a moment in confusion, then it dawned on him and he turned slightly green, Poicano looked around for any buckets or other objects useful if the king needed it. " My king, are you ok? Do you need a bucket?" Thranduil shook his head, tossed down a huge gulp of wine and coughed violently before he turned to the healer once more, teary eyed. " Why? Why would anyone do that?" Poicano sat down on the stairs below the throne. " I am pretty sure I know why, the thing that man said explained it. If the people who had her sold her as a whore to other men she probably got pregnant. And they tried to end her pregnancy by causing a miscarriage. " Thranduil moaned. " Valar, this is the stuff of nightmares, no worse. Those humans must have been the spawn of Morgoth himself!" Poicano was having a very sad expression in his eyes. " The evil of the world can come in many forms, some worse than others. I guess this is one of them." The king sighed. " Do you think she can tell us anything if she survives?" Poicano made a grimace. " Maybe, but that is not our main concern, first of all we have to make sure that she does live, and that she is free from pain and discomfort. She has probably never been treated with kindness her whole life, she will most likely see us as enemies until we can prove to her that we mean her no harm. It will be a long process my lord, long and I bet painful too." Thranduil nodded, his eyes were dark. " You are probably right, I have no idea of what or who she is, she must be some sort of elf and that makes her kin, and she is barely more than a child. The very idea of someone of our race being treated like that makes my blood boil with anger, I am not sure that I can contain it." Poicano sent the king a sad smile. " Then let someone else do the talking, at least in the beginning. She may sense your rage and believe that she is the cause of it and its target." Thranduil shook his head, he had a pained expression on his face. " I would never feel anger towards her, that poor poor child, why have the gods allowed such a young creature to suffer thus? It breaks my heart. " Poicano could only sigh. " As it does mine my lord, as it does mine."