the inside of the islands, between them and Alqualonde." Elrond made a grimace and grasped onto Ecthelion who did look a wee bit better, but no less bizarre with the black stains on his lips and his hair in sweaty ropes down his back. "Write a letter to the harbor master of Alqualonde and warn him of this danger. Nobody ought to eat anything caught in those waters until the cold weather returns." The noldorin lord just nodded and waddled off to do what he was told to do and Elrond continued working, and it was indeed a tough job for not all would drink that black goo voluntarily. He and three other strong Ellyn had to subdue Rog and forcefeed him the stuff and he swore so bad Elrond wished he could go deaf just for a few minutes and the huge elf did spit some of the goo onto Elrond who by now looked very colorful indeed. After a couple of hours it was getting clear that the worst was over, the puking had stopped, the convulsions too and everybody was out of the dangerzone but many had a terrible stomach ache and Elrond had to prescribe both rest, certain herbs and a special diet for the lot of them. Not all were all that happy about it. Rog almost threw another tantrum when he was told that he had to lay off the booze for a month and the rest of the lords of Gondolin shared his lack of enthusiasm and made that clear with surprisingly strong arguments, and voices. But Elrond didn't budge and he knew that the wine salesmen of Tirion and Formenos probably would blame him for a decrease in their income for the next weeks but what the heck, the health of these elves were more important than money and besides, they could all need to sober up a bit. He knew that some drank wine like others drink water, their livers would thank him in the end. When Elrond finally was done it was late and he looked horrible, his braid undone, he was covered with sick and charcoal and one of the servants had by accident spilled a bowl of some sort of shrimp based soup all over his back so now he smelled of that too. The palace would be cleaned up but it would be a task of monumental proportions and Elrond did pity the cleaners, they would need strong stomachs no doubt, in special since the weather was just as hot as it had been, if not worse. He didn't stop by his office but rode straight home, mumbling something about the worst day of this age, and a severe lack of appetite. He didn't bathe or change, and that was with purpose. At least Celebrian would see and smell why her husband refused to eat her delicious stew. He stopped in front of their home and took a deep breath, as a healer he knew that rare cases often appeared in clusters and this had been one of those cases, one rather innocent and one not but both had puke in common. He frowned, why didn't his stable worker come to get his horse? He got down from the black gelding and put it into the stable on his own and then he entered the house and knew that no, the day was not over yet, not by far. His butler lay on a couch just inside of the entrance, and he was greener than the great greenwood. He had a bucket in front of him and it was full. In the main hall his servants and his wife were assembled, all with buckets in front of them and all very miserable and Elrond suddenly realized that the valar did love him indeed. They had spared him from a cruel fate by sending those cases in his way. Celebrian was whimpering and she was sweaty and shivering. " Oh meleth nin, I am so sorry, but we are all ill. Oh sweetness, what in all of Arda have you been doing? The smell…." She started retching and Elrond just smiled, he had gotten so accustomed to the smell by now it didn't bother him anymore and now he had an excellent excuse for not wanting any stew. He smiled and caressed her back, he had some charcoal stacked away somewhere, it would come in handy. "Oh you know, the usual, puking nobles and puking elflings" She rolled her eyes. "We couldn't wait with the stew Elrond, so we all ate early and now we are sick, so sick" Elrond nodded and his smile was one of gratefulness. "Tell me my sweet, did you add some seafood to that stew today?" Celebrian frowned. " How did you know? Yes, I did. The fish sellers at the market had some very nice scallops and I bought some and added it to the stew yes, to give it some salty flavor? Why?" Elrond got up to get the charcoal. "Because my dear, this day isn't as terrible as I thought it would be, lay still and I will get you some medicine. Throw the rest of the stew outside" Celebrian just looked very confused and Elrond managed to get enough medicine for everybody there, the stew was thrown onto the garbage heap behind the garden shed and nobody thought any more of it until the next morning when Elrond, refreshed and grateful that he hadn't come home in time to get food poisoning too stepped outside just to be attacked by a whole armada of very angry puking seagulls who had eaten the rest of the stew and now were out for vengeance. When the healer made it back inside he was covered with goo yet again and had to take a bath, when you think you are off the hook you are wrong most of the times and this time the valar did get the last laugh after all.