still wrapped around him while he sat almost upright. It had always been a position he enjoyed and he leaned forth and squeezed her nipples with two fingers and were rewarded with a loud yell, she had closed her eyes and her face was contorted in ecstasy, a gentle flick of a finger at the top of her slit and she came again, screaming like mad. Oh he loved the squealers, they were the best. At least he could be darn sure she enjoyed it fully and he allowed himself to be just as loud. It was all a part of the plan. Could he make the two guards come just from watching this? It had become a challenge and one he intended to finish with a success as a result. The bench was threatening to fall apart, Candriel was moaning and groaning and he made her come again and again and he was amazed by her sheer endurance. She was truly a gem and he thought that he would make sure that she was available whenever he needed more of this. They changed their positions again and he had a crooked grin on his face, the first guard had stood there shivering and when the king had Candriel straddling him, riding him with lusty determination the poor ellon had made a weird choked sound and for a second he had leaned forward, shuddering all over. There as a spreading dark wet spot on the front of his pants and it was evidence enough, the poor elf was barely able to stand afterwards and Thranduil smirked. One down, one more to go. Candriel had sort of guessed what he wanted and there was a mischievous glint in her eyes as she sat there with the tip of her tongue out of the corner of her mouth and her hips moving in teasing circles. She sat with her back to the guards and since he had spread his legs a bit the two unfortunate guards saw everything in detail. Candriel did nothing to hide the fact that this felt good, she was moaning his name, leaning forward and riding him like an expert. " Oh this is soo good, oh my lord yes, buck up again, aaahhh, oh yes" He grinned and did what she wanted, there was a spark of understanding between them, a sort of connection and she blinked an eye and sent the guards a naughty grin. " Fuck me harder my lord, oh I love to feel your cock, deep deep inside" The last guard let out a loud whimper, his eyes rolled up and his hips moved back and forth a few times and he was coming without any doubt. He almost let go of his spear and Thranduil could hear how the leather of his gloves were creaking. He had to be squeezing his fists together so hard the leather almost ruptured. They both heard a loud moan and grinned at each other, Thranduil chuckled and grasped her again, bucked fast up and she squealed and met his movements with glee. Before long they both came once more and now both were exhausted and sated. He just laid there next to her for a few minutes, enjoyed the intimacy and the warmth of her skin. He kissed the back of her sweaty neck and she purred and pressed that pert little ass against his groin and he chuckled and gave it a teasing little slap. " Enough for today my sweet, but be sure that I will require your…skills, again soon" She bit her lower lip, sweet Eru, she was too sexy for her own good. " I am looking forward to it my lord" He nodded. " Oh I bet you are. Be sure that I will reward your efforts, I do take care of those I treasure. " She giggled and got up, not shy at all and the two guards were visibly shaken, sweaty and rather disheveled. She did blow him a kiss as she pulled on the dress and hurried off to bathe and get the scent of him off of her. The king hid his smirk and got up too, put on his robe and his boots and grasped the rest of his clothes. He was heading for his private baths and grinned to himself. At least he wasn't bored anymore and he felt a whole lot better. He would send Candriel a really nice gift, perhaps some jewels or a nice dress and he would make sure that everybody knew that she from this day forth was his mistress. Nobody else were to touch her. He turned towards the two guards, they looked deeply ashamed and he wasn't going to let this be the end of it. No, he had plans for them too but that would have to wait a couple of days. Candriel had really managed to satisfy him and he would need a few nights with that book of his before he had a go at the two delectable young warriors. He bet they would be more than ready after this. Both stared at the floor and he put on his normal regal expression. " Open the hatch to the air channel above the throne room, it needs to be aired out. And then you can consider yourself dismissed, for now that is…" The two let out a sigh of relief and hurried to do what he asked of them, although with a weird gate. Both had sticky wet pants and he knew the feeling, he watched as they got the hatch open, the room reeked of sex and he didn't want anyone to come by and feel that scent. He went to the baths and started working on his new plan, oh yes, it was going to be just as entertaining and probably just as satisfying. He was suddenly looking forward to the days to come, yes, the next week would be interesting for sure.