from his lover to their dwarf companion. "You know—my ada always warned me about the sneakiness of men!" "What did he say about the sneakiness of dwarves? After all, it was Gimli's idea." Legolas continued to stare from one to the other, trying his best to keep from laughing. In the end, he failed and joined the others in their mirth at his expense. "Alright, you two—enjoy yourselves while you can. I will have to think of a suitable punishment for you, Gimli, for I already know how to punish Gondor's future king!" Aragorn's laughter ceased as Legolas' and Gimli's grew louder. He didn't like that declaration since he knew exactly what form his punishment would take. Then Legolas smirked to himself as he planned his revenge on the dwarf, thinking I wonder how Gimli will look clean-shaven? He glanced evilly over at his friend one last time, noting with satisfaction that Gimli's laughter had ceased as well. Revenge would be most sweet indeed! Please review A/N: The title is taken from The Song of the Green Dragon that Merry and Pippin sang in RotK; namely the part that goes '... but the only brew for the brave and true ...' OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Cold Dish Fandom: LotR Characters: Gimli, Legolas/(implied Aragorn) Word Count: 200 Rating: G Warnings: AU, Implied Slash, un-betaed. Disclaimers: I own neither character; all are Tolkien's. Summary: It is Gimli's turn to suffer. Sequel to '...For the Brave & True.' My thanks to Dawn whose comments for the prequel gave me the idea for the title. Gimli walked past several people on his way into the kitchens to grab something to eat. He knew that most of the citizens of Minas Tirith as well as the remaining soldiers from Rohan and Dol Amroth and the Dúnedain Rangers thought that it was odd that he went about day and night with his helmet on. Since the days following the fall of Sauron and the celebrations that began soon afterwards, he took to wearing his helmet even when he wore the simple garb of a soldier in peaceful times. Day and night, fair weather or foul, the dwarf and his helm were constant companions. Everyone wondered at his odd behavior. The Hobbits, Gandalf, Faramir, Éomer and Éowyn. Everyone. Well—truth be told, not everyone . The soon-to-be crowned King of Gondor and his future Prince Consort knew why. Gimli tried to ignore Legolas' triumphant smirk as he passed by him. "That is the last time that I accept free-flowing ale from a pointy-eared brat with a taste for revenge!" He grumbled to himself. The bare patch atop the crown of Gimli's head itched terribly where his helmet chafed. The Valar curse wood-elves with long memories and sharp elvish knives. Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Lament Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Aragorn/Legolas, Boromir Rating: PG Genre: Drabble Word-count: 300 Warnings: AU, Slash, Angst, Mpreg, 'Character' death (trust me), Un-betaed. Disclaimer: Characters are NOT MINE, never will be. Timeline: FA. Summary: Legolas grieves for a 'loved one' (Not Aragorn or Boromir). Challenge: For Yahoo Group lotrallslash Daily Drabble challenge: 'Death.' Also posted to 25fluffyfics lj community, Prompt: 'Flowers.' "I am terribly sorry, Legolas—I really tried." Elessar, High King of Gondor and Arnor, said remorsefully to his Prince Consort. "You are a healer, so why is it you could not save..." Legolas' voice trailed off as a sob tore free. Aragorn hated seeing his beloved so upset; especially in his condition. "Please, Coramin—sit down and let me get you your favorite tea. Ada brought..." "I Don't. Want. Tea! Tea cannot fix this." "Legolas—death is a part of life..." His speech froze on his tongue at the furious look from the elf he loved more than his own life. "I am sorry." "Sorry won't bring him back!" Aragorn sighed, kissing Legolas on his pale brow. He walked to the door of the sitting room with one last glance, then left. Legolas sniffled loudly, crystal tears flowing. "I should never have left you in his care! 'The hands of the King...' I was only gone for a fortnight. Oh, Gimli!" oOoOo "Aragorn, how...?" Boromir face was sympathetic. "I've never seen him like this before! I should have turned care over to Ada. But I thought 'how hard could it be to care for a plant?'—I am no stranger to plants." "But this is different. This one meant so much to Legolas coming from his home and you tried too hard, my friend." "What am I to do, Boromir?" The King inquired of his Steward. "If he were Lúthien, I'd suggest jewelry or sweets—but I've never had to deal with a very pregnant Elven warrior before." "I know! I will ask Gimli to sit with him—the true Gimli." "And what will that accomplish?" "He could distract him." "Distract him?" "While I hide all the 'warrior's' weapons until this passes. I just pray it passes soon." Ai, Elbereth! Please review Coramin – My heart. Lúthien – OC character from my Boromir/Faramir Drabble Series world of which this one is a part (Boromir's wife from drabbles 'Second Place' & 'First Place'/don't hate me as she was a plot device puppy-dog eyes). OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: A'mael Author: Númenora Rating: PG Pairing/Characters: Aragorn/Legolas Warnings: Slash, very Warm with fluffiness. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none all mistakes are mine. Word Count: 100 Summary: None—you'll see! Posted to 25fluffyfics, Prompt: 'Reunion.' Legolas caught his breath at the passionate look on Estel's face just before being pulled into the man's embrace; his lips taken into a kiss that was both fierce and tender. The moment Estel's arms engulfed him, Legolas gasped in pleasure and surprise giving immediate access to his mouth, warm and eager. The archer wound his slender arms around Estel's broad shoulders, pulling the man deeper into the kiss. They both shivered as the familiar taste of each assailed the other's senses. When breathing became paramount, their lips reluctantly parted. Panting in unison, they both uttered, "I missed you, too. Please review