son screaming in pain. Elrohir just lay there and Glorfindel sent out patrols every day, searching for Avanwar, it was obvious that he had fled and the gods alone knew to where. They could just hope that they caught him in the end. Three weeks later both the young ellyn woke up, simultaneously. Both were weak and Elladan was in a lot of pain but other from that the broken ribs had healed and so had his bruises and wounds. Elrond almost passed out with relief and Celebrian and Arwen were crying with joy. Glorfindel stayed away now, almost as if he suddenly had become shy of them all, and he barely showed himself in public. Elladan was being fed only soup and had to stay in bed for yet another week but Elrohir recovered fast and told his father of Avanwar's true intentions. Elrond got very concerned and sent letters to both Galadriel and Cirdan with warnings. If Avanwar really carried something that hid his true nature to the rings then everybody could be in danger now. Finally Elladan was strong enough to leave the infirmary, he was walking with a stick for a while and he had terrible nightmares but he was making progress. Then one evening he met Glorfindel in the park, the balrog slayer sat there with a book and Elladan took a deep breath and gathered his courage, walked over. Glorfindel started when he saw who it was that approached him, he almost looked scared for a moment and Elladan smiled gently. He was pale and thin still and he couldn't use much strength before he became exhausted but he was getting there, it just took a while. "May I sit down?" Glorfindel swallowed hard. His eyes almost shy and he nodded. "Of course" Elladan took Glorfindel's hand and the golden warrior gasped, stared at the peredhel with wide eyes. He had feared that Elladan would blame him after all, that the words he had said were just empty, brought forth by a brain that was dying. The hand was so soft and warm and even though it lacked strength now it would return soon enough. "I remember it Fin, everything. Every word you said" Glorfindel felt small, no, tiny, nervous like a mouse crouching in front of a cat. "You do?" His voice but a faint whisper. Elladan nodded and kissed his hand, there was something moist on his cheeks. "Yes, and I meant what I said too, I am yours, if you still want me that is" There was some trepidation in those last words, some fear. Glorfindel stared at Elladan's beautiful face and he couldn't contain himself anymore. He pulled Elladan into a hug and felt himself sobbing with relief and joy. "Of course Dan, of course I do." Dan kissed him swiftly, a very chaste kiss but it bore a promise of something more. "Then I hope you can be patient? I am not really ready to do something….physical…for a while yet" Glorfindel felt like weeping, he kissed Elladan's cheek, caressed his hair. "Of course I can be patient, you decide this Dan. I will not touch you until you are ready for me, this I swear" Dan leaned against the golden warrior and sighed, his eyes distant but also content. "I made a very bad choice didn't I? But this time I know I have made the right one." Glorfindel nodded. "With Eru as a witness, I swear to you, I will never bring you anything but joy and pleasure." Elladan let Glorfindel embrace him, closed his eyes. "I know Fin, I know" Some weeks later they received a note from Lothlorien, it was from Celeborn and he told that a group of the galadhrim under the command of Haldir the marchwarden had come across a horse running around with no rider. It had been wearing a saddle from Imladris and bore lord Elrond's brand. They had investigated further and then they found a small battlefield, there were some dead orcs and one dead elf and it appeared as if the ellon had been caught by surprise somehow, he hadn't tried to fight the orcs at first. But they had overpowered him and Celeborn wrote that he had been tortured to death, he had probably died very slowly and under extreme agony for the marks on the body were gruesome. They also sent the pouch the rider had been carrying and some of his stuff and it was no doubt. Avanwar had met his fate and it was such a well deserved one. He hadn't been held as high in regard as he believed, the orcs hadn't hesitated when they saw a lone elf and they didn't speak sindarin so they didn't understand that he was an ally. Orc's have never been accused of having too much intelligence and they had acted the way they used to, regardless of who the elf claimed to be serving. Elrond told everybody of the letter and Elrohir felt that his brother in fact had been avenged in a way, at least Avanwar wouldn't become a problem again and he had probably never had gotten to deliver his message either. They were in high alert for a while but the number of attacks did decrease with nobody on the inside, giving away the weak spots and things returned to normal. Both Elladan and Elrohir had problems as a result of what happened but they were strong and helped each other. Then one morning about a year after Elrohir walked into Elladan's rooms to get a cloak he had forgotten there the day after and found his brother sleeping soundly in the arms of the balrogslayer. Both looked very content and very happy and Elrohir smiled from the sight and there was much love and tenderness in that smile. It was good to see that Dan finally had a chance at the happiness he truly deserved, yes, this time he had made the right choice.