Candriel managed to keep the silly smile on her face, the thing was being pushed into her with such force it almost made the chair move and she felt that she was close to coming. " I…I am very fine, thank you!" Oh he knew how to play her, to tease her and keep her on the very edge of release and Candriel was close to begging him now, shamelessly for everybody to hear. Thranduil sent her a devious glance from beneath his dark eyelashes and he flicked his ankle a few times and Candriel was seeing stars and sparks as it felt as if her very core exploded in pleasure. She would have screamed if she hadn't managed to grasp her own napkin and press it against her mouth. She moaned and gasped and the elleth next to her looked aghast. " My lady, you do need a healer!" Candriel pretended to be retching a bit. " Oh there must have been basil in the sauce, it makes me sick. I…I will go to the healer, yes." She had to wait for a few minutes, her legs wouldn't carry her yet and she felt his foot against her wet pussy one last time, a teasing and warning touch. Candriel got up and she did see that everybody stared at her. Luckily there hadn't been any visible stains left since her dress had absorbed all of her juices and the underskirt was dark so nobody would see anything. She sent a sheepish grin to everybody and grasped her stomach as if she was in pain and Thranduil got up too. He looked as if he was truly concerned and tilted his head. " My lady? You do look very flushed, I think you ought to be escorted to your chambers. Let me do it, I need some fresh air so there is no inconvenience" Candriel had a hard time biting back a rather sarcastic answer but she managed to smile sweetly. " Oh your grace is just too kind" He walked around the table and took her arm, everybody found it rather endearing that the king had such compassion for his subjects. He walked her out of the hall and then he suddenly grasped her by her waist and pushed her against the wall, there was nobody there and he kissed her hard. Candriel gasped and she saw that dark glimpse in his eyes and knew that he wasn't done yet. Oh Eru have mercy! There was a stairway leading up towards the gallery that ran the entire length of the great hall and he dragged her with him up there. The gallery was very narrow, two people could walk side by side but only if they were narrow and it had a very lovely railing carved from stone. The gallery was rather high above the hall but if someone did look up they could see everybody that were up there and Candriel wanted to turn around and head back down but he grasped onto her again, made her grasp the top of the railing with both hands. Then he lifted her skirts up around her waist and kicked her legs apart and Candriel didn't believe his audacity, if someone were to take a glance up at the gallery they couldn't misunderstand what they were doing! He put one hand on her back, made her arch and then he pushed inside of her with just one thrust. Candriel shivered, they were looking down at all the guests and the entire hall and Thranduil was fucking her hard. He was slamming into her and she could only bite her lip to prevent herself from screaming. The thrill of it all, and the nervous energy undid her completely. She came hard once more, squirting all over his crotch and he made a grimace. Shit, he had to change his trouser, again! He continued to thrust and she felt how he lost his rhythm and tensed up and then he came and continued thrusting, riding out his orgasm. He pulled out as the last jet of seed left him, coating her smooth ass. Candriel almost collapsed and he turned her around, kissed her again as he almost carried her down the stairs. She felt how the sticky come got smeared all over her bottom and the underskirt had to be washed thoroughly. She winced and stared at him. "What the hell did you use on me?" Thranduil smirked and pulled his robe a little aside and she did stare down at a pair of very unusual shoes, they were extremely elongated and the tip was almost banana shaped and did look rather obscene. The tip of his left shoe was dark with her juices still and she felt herself blush violently. "What in Eru's name is that?" Thranduil grinned. " Some old fashion monstrosities, they were popular for a few years when my father ruled, everybody had to wear them and the longer the tip the better. My father put an end to it though, he claimed that he already had a functional cock so he didn't need two more!" Candriel had to laugh. " Well said, they do look like cocks." He nodded and kissed her again, gently this time. " You are my little vixen and I love you but don't do anything like that again without warning me first. By the way, I am not the first to use such shoes in that manner, it was rather common back then. I have kept this pair just as a sentimental memory of those days but I am glad that they came to good use one last time" Candriel grimaced. " Right, burn them please, they are atrocious." He embraced her and grinned against her neck. " As the lady wishes, but you will have to admit that I did win this little race?" Candriel sighed, he turned everything into a competition. " Yes, you did win, but only by a foot!"