was the one person he would accept and she was the only one who could ride him. To her he was as kind as a kitten, to everybody else the horse was a hazard. But she would be safe on his back, Erenion could outrun even a mearas and if she had been willing to sell him she could have been very rich indeed. She stopped by his stall and the huge animal whickered and nuzzled her gently. She fed him a carrot and petted the black coat. He had been steel gray as a colt, therefore the name which meant iron, but he had gotten darker over the years and that was just opposite of what was normal for horses. They usually started off as dark and became lighter as they grew older. " My friend, we are soon going on a long trip, so I'll have the farrier check on you tomorrow." The horse flicked his ears and nodded, she was certain that he understood every word she said, he was very smart and had often opened the stable doors and run off to find her. She gave him one more carrot and then she went home to prepare a list of the things she needed to bring along. Two weeks went surprisingly fast, Mariliel was so busy making preparations she barely had time to register that the days flew by. She met her friends and bid them a kind goodbye and she packed her clothes and the equipment she needed. Elrond was not interfering with her preparations at all, he trusted that she could handle it on her own. She had to laugh by the notion of Lindir being sent to Mirkwood, he always looked as if he was afraid that something was going to attack him or that he would do something wrong. No Elrond was wise to send her, she knew how to stand up for herself and talk her way out of trouble. At least most of the time she did, unless she lost her temper. She had scared some elderly ellith once by screaming curses in khuzdul after she spilled ink on her best dress and those curses were so bad even dwarfs would have been deeply shocked by them, quite a feat when considering that the art of making insults and curses is in high regard among the dwarves. She went for a ride every day and she met the five guards who were to accompany her on the way, They had to travel light and fast and a small group is easier to hide that a huge one. Mariliel wasn't even a tiny bit nervous, she was so looking forward to starting her work, it would be the challenge of a lifetime and she could not wait. The night before she was to leave she had a nightmare, she had not had any bad dreams for a while but she always had the same one. She could not remember what it was about when she woke up but she always woke up with a scream, soaking with sweat and so terrified she barely could breathe. It had been like that since she was a child and Elrond and the others had tried to help her and get to the bottom of why she had such terrible dreams but nobody managed to get any answers even with the help of magic and so the dreams continued to haunt her from time to time. Mariliel had a feeling of dread whenever she even thought about those dreams, it was as if she feared to remember what she dreamt because it would be too horrible to endure. All she ever had remembered was seeing a shade over her, something grasping a hold of her, and then there was only fear and despair. Perhaps it was best to never know the meaning of those nightmares, it could be months between them and they often started again when she was under a lot of stress. She just hoped that they wouldn't interfere with her work. She was tired when she got dressed and ate a quick breakfast before she went to the stable. She got the saddle on Erenion and prepared the horse. She then rode up towards the center courtyard to meet her guards and bid Elrond goodbye. He was already there and so were the guards. They were on the backs of their horses and they had her equipment and things on a pack horse. Elrond smiled when he saw her, she was ready and he crossed his fingers. He hoped that the Valar would bless this little scheme of theirs and steer her in the right direction. She would make a perfect spouse for someone like Legolas. Mariliel nodded and Elrond grinned and bowed his head. " May the Valar guard your path my friend, and know that I am truly proud of you. Do not let anything distract you from your work and I pray we will see you again soon." Mariliel grinned. " I will not disappoint you my lord, I will do a marvelous job I swear." Elrond nodded and there was a hint of mirth within his eyes. " I am sure you will my friend, have a safe journey and send a dove as soon as you reach your destination." Mariliel grinned and kicked Erenion into a trot. " I will, just you wait and see!" Elrond watched how the group rode up from the valley, then he went back indoors. He could just pray that the plan didn't backfire, it would be interesting indeed to see how this went. And if it went to hell then it was of course Thranduil's idea to begin with. He sat down with glass of wine and a grin, Mariliel would most certainly turn a few heads when she arrived and he just hoped that her hot temper and untraditional behavior didn't get her into trouble, at least not too soon.