the Feanorions at once than letting her return to life but nevertheless, he was regarded as a married man and… Elhadron had simply shut himself off, he had turned all of his attention to his favorite pastime, reading and politics and one of the reasons was that his marriage had been a very chaste one to say the least. She had been in command the whole time and she had mocked him a lot and left him with a sense of being so inferior and flawed he never had dared thinking about other females at all. The few times he had been allowed to touch his wife she had complained about him being boring, being too loud, being too small, too lazy, without a sense of rhythm and so on and so forth until he stopped asking her completely. Naturally they had no children and he knew that he would spend his life in loneliness until he sailed. He couldn't risk getting involved with females again. But this one, so sweet, such lovely dark eyes, he shouldn't dare to hope but he did anyhow. Maybe his luck was about to change? Oh he shouldn't, he really shouldn't, he would most certainly make a complete fool out of himself but that feeling…. Elhadron wasn't able to think about the book now, he couldn't get her face out of his mind, nor her body. He could smell her still, and he gave up. With a gasp he got back onto his feet and ran back to his chambers, closing the door hard behind him and just praying that nobody had seen his far from dignified exodus. He didn't know what to do, the images in his mind were so indecent his wife would have made him deaf from her yelling had she been there and known about it and he was aching. He wandered around the rooms almost desperately, trying to think of everything else, tax reports, the number of sacks of flour stored in the storages, the best way to cure piles, it didn't work. All he could think about was that soft back end pressing against his body and with a hoarse yell he threw all resistance out the door and ripped his pants open, fell back into a chair which threatened to dissolve into its smallest parts from the impact and grasped onto himself. He hadn't done that since he was a mere youth, before his wife put the shame and fear into him, but his body still knew how it felt, and how it ought to be done. He closed his eyes and panted as he kept thrusting into his own grip and he groaned and whimpered and before long he came hard with a scream, legs shaking and hips jerking desperately and he thought he could die, it was such a relief, such an insane relief. When he came to again he discovered that he had thick streaks of seed all over his chest and hand and his tunic had to be burned for sure for he couldn't let the washing ladies see this. But he felt better, in control again. He sighed and got up on trembling legs, he couldn't remember ever having felt thus with his wife, he couldn't remember coming at all in the years they had spent together. But now he had flushed the desire out of his system and could go back to normal, thank Eru for that. He had needed it but now things didn't bother him that much anymore and he could return to the books and give them his full attention. He allowed himself to relax for a few minutes more, then he got out of his soiled clothing before he took a quick bath. Tomorrow she would return his robe and that would be the last he would see of her. It was as it ought to be, he was way too old for such a beautiful thing and she would never allow him to touch her, after all, there were so many attractive young ellyn around. That evening Thranduil met Candriel by chance in one of the corridors, she bowed her head to him and grinned widely. " How are things going?" He returned the smile. " Very well thank you, I have managed to convince that pious hag that I am one of the maiar and that I am to "bless" her" Candriel laughed out loud. " Oh Eru, that sounds like a great plan, but will she allow you to do it somewhere public?" Thranduil cocked his head. " When I am done with her I bet she would agree if I suggested doing it upon the throne." Candriel shook her finger back and forth. " Do not be too cocky now my king, being to over confident may come back to bite you." He just sniggered and raised an eyebrow. " And you my dear, how are your plan going so far?" Candriel giggled. " Very well thank you, I think I gave that poor ellon the first hard on he has had in years. I bet he is somewhere in his rooms wanking off right now, and tomorrow I will continue, he is surely going to learn that not all females are fire breathing dragons." Thranduil petted her on her back and stole a quick kiss. " Just let me know when you are going to go for it for real, I want to watch. " Candriel sent him a wry grin. " Worry not, I will." Thranduil saw her wandering off to work and then he returned to his own rooms to prepare himself for the nights great endeavor, soon he would have Gelinnas eating off his hand, he was sure of it. He would win the bet and then he would really reap the fruits of his labor. He chuckled to himself as he found the costume and the liquid, he could almost taste victory already and the taste was sweet.