"Ah they were rather…vigorous!" Glorfindel gasped. "They? THEY?! Don't tell me that you have been in a freaking orgy?!" Lindir looked down, his cheeks were burning like crazy and he had to smile, he could not help it remembering it all. "Well, as a matter of fact, yes, I guess you could call it that, I just met these three ellith and…" Glorfindel shook his head in disbelief. "Three ellith at the same time, by the Valar Lindir, I would never have imagined that you'd ever dare touch an elleth. And now you have been banging three in one afternoon?! Talk about hidden talents!" The minstrel had a rather sheepish expression on his face. "It was kind of nice, once I got used to it I mean, and they liked it too." Glorfindel coughed, he still shook his head in confusion. "Well, if you managed to satisfy three ellith like that then I am bowing to you my friend. Forget everything I have ever said about you being a coward for not wielding a sword, I see now that the kind of sword you were made to wield is quite the different type. You were probably born to fight you're battles in the bedroom." Lindir grinned, the golden warrior still looked shocked, he probably would have looked more at ease if a balrog dressed in a light blue tutu started dancing the cancan right in front of him wielding a conductors staff. He looked down at his fingernails with a satisfied smirk. "They did call me quite a stud." Glorfindel sighed. "Damn, I am telling you Lindir, if the ellith find out about this then first of all the rest of us will end up being utterly ignored and second of all, you will be as sought after as a jar of honey in a pen filled with bears. The ellith will be swarming around you lad" Lindir got a peculiar expression on his face, it looked as if the idea actually tempted him a bit. Glorfindel grimaced. Those three ellith whoever they were had apparently created a monster, and he was afraid that he from now on would have to put up quite an effort in order to get the female attention he wanted and needed. Having Lindir as a rival? That idea had never crossed his mind before but now it was rather obvious that the shy and timid minstrel had found a new hobby and that he would pursue it rather eagerly. Glorfindel swore to himself that he never would tell anyone of this, maybe Lindir would keep his mouth shut so things could remain as they were but no, his hopes were crushed. It wasn't before long that they noticed that Lindir suddenly became extremely popular among the ellith, Glorfindel heard one mention that he was really good at teaching her how to "sing" and that he had "a very sweet tongue". The other Ellyn were almost ignored and started to get a bit grumpy since Lindir got the attention of all the young single ellith there. They said that the guards saw females sneaking out of his home almost every morning. Glorfindel could not believe that the Valar were so unjust towards the rest of them, he tried to charm the ladies like before but now they treated him and the other warriors like they were just not that very interesting at all. He was in fact getting rather annoyed, he had been the favorite of the ellith of Imladris and now he, the golden warrior, had to fight for their attention against none other than Lindir!? Heck, the ellon had been renowned for having almost passed out once when he accidentally caught sight of an elleth's nipple! And now he was more busy getting laid than a bunny during the mating season? The gods had become mad for sure. Months passed and winter came and went and summer came once more. The situation was pretty much as it had been and Lindir was really enjoying the admiration of the females, he was starting to get very cocky and a bit too haughty and Glorfindel just wished that he could give that annoying minstrel a small lesson in how to behave, it wasn't fair that he got all the girls! Then one day Glorfindel and the other Ellyn got the break they had been praying for. A letter arrived and it was for Lindir. Glorfindel happened to be there when the minstrel received the letter and he saw Lindir read it. The minstrel looked a bit puzzled. "Hmm, it's from the three girls I met last summer, they have got a surprise for me they say, one from each of them. They want me to visit them, I wonder what that might mean, three surprises?" Glorfindel had to turn around to hide the wide grin he knew was rather telling of his emotions, what goes around comes around and now Lindir would have to pay, and he bet continue paying too. The golden warrior was laughing so hard he had problems breathing. Two days later a very pale and obviously shocked Lindir returned to Imladris and he immediately started looking for jobs, mumbling something about "child-support" "Lawyer" and "bankruptcy". The other Ellyn got the ellith to themselves once more and from now on the minstrel stayed clear of both ellith and ponds and if some eager young thing tried to sweet talk him into something he would just turn and run for his very life as if he suddenly had a pack of orcs at his heels. Things were thus back to how they had been and everybody was grateful for that expect perhaps poor Lindir who now had to learn that every deed done has its effect and for the next century he would have to pay the price for that one wonderful evening in the woods. Needless to say most of his songs from that moment on could best be described as "Blues".