blood of our people are your lands kept safe. Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy…let us use it against him!" Raiyan looked quickly over to Fang who was supposed to be Aragorn. It was his turn to respond after all. Fang glance over at him with an exasperatedly look before he spoke up his part, "You cannot wield it. None of us can. The one ring answers to Sauron alone…it has no other master." Fang almost said it in a 'Duh, you idiot' kind of tone which made Raiyan want to hit his head with his hand. Boromir turned to look at Fang coolly, "And what would a ranger know of this matter?" Fangs eyes flickered over to Raiyan knowing he was supposed to speak and Boromir turned dismissively away from Fang. Raiyan stood, "This is no mere ranger. He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." Boromir looked from him to Fang, "Aragorn? This is Isildur's heir?" "And heir to the throne of Gondor" Raiyan said firmly. "Havo dad, Legolas" (Sit down) Fang said and Raiyan could tell that Fang was trying not to sound bored or exasperated by all of this. Raiyan made it look like he only sat down because 'Aragorn' asked him too. Boromir looked at Fang acidly to which Fang returned with a look that clearly made whoever it was pointed at feel like a little child that was throwing a fit which Boromir didn't like in the least, "Gondor needs no King." Fang gave him a death glare briefly which only Boromir and Raiyan caught that sent Boromir hurrying to his seat again. Raiyan could tell what Fang was possibly thinking at that moment, Stupid child. Fang caught his eye and raised an eyebrow slightly before looking to Gandolf who was about to speak. "Aragorn is right…we cannot use it" Fang looked a little smug and Raiyan tried to figure out why he was letting an emotion like to show on his face. But then out of the corner of his eye he saw Boromir shift angrily in his seat and had to quickly stop himself from smacking his head again. And he thinks Boromir is the one acting like a child, Raiyan rolled his eyes and looked to what was going on in the counsel just in time to see one of the dwarves, Gimli from what he remembered, swinging his ax in an attempt to destroy the ring and got blasted back for his trouble. Gimli's ax shattered and Gimli looked in disbelief at the unharmed ring on the plinth from his position on the floor to where the blast had sent him. "The ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli, son of Gloin, by any craft that we here possess," Raiyan could have sworn he saw a barely concealed smile on Elrond's lips trying not to laugh at the dwarfs action as he spoke, "The ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom…only there can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into the fiery chasm from whence it came. One of you must do this." Elrond seemed to look intently around the circled of the council and paused on Raiyan before continuing. The council was momentarily stunned into silence and did not speak. Also everyone's eyes were downcast as if great dread had descended on them. Raiyan waited for Boromir to speak as he knew he would that would, if you thought about it, start the fight for who would take it. He glance briefly but quickly over to Frodo and saw looking intently at the ring already. "One does not simply walk into Mordor. It black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep and the Great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire and ash and dust...the very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten thousand men could you do this. It is folly" Bromomir looing sick at the thought of even going there. Raiyan stood, "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said? The ring must be destroyed." An' just as he knew Gimli would he stood up angry and Raiyan looked over to him, "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it?" "And what happens if we fail, what then? What happens when Sauron takes back what is his?" Raiyan sighed at Boromir's words and was starting to get sick of him really fast not to mention he had seen the teasing look Fang had given Boromir before he said what he'd just said which had made Boromir mad. Oh, my head hurts already…and I'm supposed to put up with them both on this trip. However will I manage it? Hm, well maybe I'll be dead already by fang's hand after this meeting, Raiyan thought about and sighed inwardly, Nope. No hope of that. Fang wouldn't really kill me. Just make me wish I was for a while. Raiyan's attention was brought back just in time to hold the other elves back from tearing the dwarves limb from limb because of what Gimli had said about not wanting an elf to bear the ring and added, "Never trust an elf!" Raiyan felt the ring calling again and steeled himself against it. He did not want it to get to him this time. Last time he hadn't been prepared but he would not take the same chance or let it happen again. He heard Gandolf trying to kick some sense into the crowd and rose from his seat shouting, "Do you not understand? While we bicker among ourselves, Sauron's power grows! No one will escape it. You will all be destroyed, your homes burnt and your families put to the sword!" A.N. - Thank you for reading my story and let me know if there are any grammar problems I haven't caught. Also let me know if you'd like more and review please ^_^