residing within the realm, developing such that their fates are now intertwined and his death will have grave consequences for both. The whispering grows louder, limb movement faster and the king speeds his pace in subconscious response to the sound that begins to fill his mind. Feet move of their own will and the air begins to crackle with electricity as if a storm is building, yet the sky is crisp and clear. He briefly wonders at the source of the rustling amongst the bare branches but his mind is unable to fix itself on a thought and he does not have the will to force it. He is running now, helter skelter, twisting and turning between the writhing trees, in a mad race towards a destination unknown, as if pulled along by invisible threads. A sense of urgency pervades his being and bewildering panic threatens to overwhelm already stretched senses as his feet fly over the forest floor drawing him closer and closer to its central point. All sense of self has been lost, grief left behind to languish within the confines of stone walls, the forest is all there is, all that matters, and he suddenly understands how the silvans feel about their beloved home. This is life, all around him, his mind rejoices as he realises he is not alone, nor ever could be. This forest, these people, they are his family too and they need him as much as he needs them. The realisation makes him pause. How can he abandon them now? His heart constricts as emotions come flooding back. Yet how can he go on? He reaches out a trembling hand to the aged oak tree he now stands before and strokes gentle fingers lovingly down its gnarled bark. All unawares he has reached a grove at the very centre of the forest, the home of the oldest trees in this part of Arda. At the first tentative touch the tree shivers then tenses as all falls to silence and movement ceases. It is as if the whole of the Greenwood holds its breath. For what could be an eternity the king stands with the tree, marvelling at its strength and compassion, revelling in the quiet that has enveloped the world, soothing his aching heart and calming his wounded fea. Then a small sound breaks the spell. He shakes his head in annoyance at the discordant intrusion into his peaceful balm, as if trying to shake it out of his ears, yet it persists. He frowns, as the sound becomes clearer in his mind. A soft mewling, almost as if some small animal is trapped yet too afraid to cry out for help in case predators are near. Turning away from the oak he scans the grove, for the first time taking in the huge trunks and twisted, bare branches of the aged trees surrounding him and realises just how far he has come from his halls. Listening intently he moves to an hoary, hollowed out elder almost bent double, its trunk forming an arch, branches sweeping the ground, from which the noises appear to be emanating. Within the shelter of its missing core he spies movement and he slowly kneels, leaning forwards to peer into its gloomy interior. He blinks. He looks once more then blinks again in disbelief. Sitting back upon his heels his head reeling the king glances around the grove before moving back to reach into the woody haven and carefully withdrawing the cause of his astonishment. A tiny elfling. A gwinig. A baby. Gently cradling the babe in his arms he stands and walks around the grove. Surely the Childs mother must be near, maybe injured or in need of help. Questions race through his mind as he searches, yet can find no trace of any other presence save his own. Finally he reaches the contorted elder once more and drops to sit under the arching haven, back pressed to the tormented trunk and brings his eyes down to the babe now resting quietly in his lap. Staring down he marvels at his tiny burden, admiring its miniature perfection, wondering at the single green leaf clutched within the petite fist and is surprised to find himself caught in a gaze almost as intense as his own. Unable to look away he falls into the twin pools of constantly shifting colour, now verdant green, now summer sky blue, now deep earthy brown and his heart swells with love. The song begins then, at first a resonant, profound melody of deep roots and sturdy limbs as the trees begin the symphony, then mingling in come the scurrying notes of small creatures, meandering crescendos of the plants and fungi, high soaring cadences of the birds, and much, much more, each layer building upon the next until he is lost within the song of Greenwood the Great as it rings out in all its splendid glory. The music shifts then, a slight discord at first which rights itself within a few bars as his faer joyfully gives voice to his own song, projecting it out to join in, the forest accepting it hungrily, grabbing the notes and forcing them into the symphony until they are blended seamlessly together into one. Melded now he could not pull away if he tried, anchored to the forest he will remain, his fading grief a thing of the past. This pact with the forest unbreakable until the ending of the world. It will sustain him and he it. He knows now what it means to be king. As the song fades he once more becomes aware of the tiny elfling still cradled within his embrace, the living symbol of his covenant with the forest, and he smiles down with eyes full of wonder at this most precious gift. The last green leaf of the woodland realm. His son. Legolas . A/N Thanks for reading my little flight of fantasy. Please let me know what you think :)