are; but she also reminds us that over there, the Valar watch over the world." They remained deep in thought for some time before Eomer took her in his arms. "Leave with me tomorrow." "Eomer – I cannot. I need to say goodbye to my family, to my people. But we will be together again, after the harvest, before wintertime. Before that, we can write to each other." "Very well. But remember : one word from you, and I shall come for you straight away, along with all my eoreds if need be !" Her light laugh rang in the garden, and it was one of the sweetest sound Eomer had ever been given to hear. He tightened slightly his embrace. "I hope I will be a good queen for Rohan." "I have no doubt about that. I hope you will like Rohan." "So do I. I am looking forward to meeting you there." At last they got up and Eomer walked Lothiriel to her chamber. He stopped her before she could go in. "Lothiriel – I was not sure, but I have to tell you. Women, in my land – high-ranking women especially – well, if I need to leave, you will be expected to defend our lands and lead the battles while I'm gone. I hope it will never happen, but I cannot promise it won't. If you do not want to risk this through our marriage, I shall understand." "Eomer – " She stopped and carressed his cheek softly, a smile on her lips. "I hate fighting. But I shall not leave my people unprotected, in Rohan as in Dol Amroth. I wish to be your wife. If it must include some suffering, then so be it : our happiness will be worth it, will it not ?" He took her in his arms once more without a word, and she embraced him with equel passion. Then, with a last trusting smile, she went into her chamber and let him go to his own. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoO The Rohirrims were leaving. King Eomer had to go back to his lands. But a date had already been settled upon for Lothiriel's journey to him, after the harvest. The eored that had escorted the king to the sea was assembled in the courtyard, and it was a magnificent show of the Rohan colours, mixed with the Dol Amroth blue in celebration of their king's betrothal. Eomer and Imrahil were discussing a few last details about the upcoming marriage. Lothiriel was simply waiting in the courtyard, confident that she would have time to organize everything later. It was then that a Rohirrim went up to her and bowed – he was the messenger who had faced the looters by her side, and with whom she had spent some time talking during the preceding days. "My lady." She smiled warmly to him. "Hamling. I hope your journey will go well." "Thank you, my lady." "I feel I have not thanked you properly for all that you have done. Are you really sure there is nothing I can do for you ?" "Indeed there is, my lady. If you could allow me to remain by your side – I would be honoured." "So be it then. If your king allows it, you will stay by my side to represent my future country. You can teach me all I need to know about Rohan." That was when Eomer and Imrahil arrived next to her. The Rohan king smiled at what was unfolding in front of him, and drew closer. "So, Hamling. Are you leaving my eored then ?" "If you will allow it, Eomer King." "I do not allow it, I order it ! You shall watch over your future queen for me." "I will, Eomer King." Then, Eomer turned to Lothiriel and slowly, hesitatingly stepped towards her. The time of farewell had come in the end, and it was more difficult than neither of them had imagined. Lothiriel stepped forward and took his hand. "Good journey to you. I shall write." "Thank you. So shall I. I will be waiting for you in four months' time." "I will not make you wait a moment longer." She unfastened the Dol Amroth pendant that was always hanging roung her neck and clasped it behind his. In return, he took off the royal brooch from his cloak and fastened it on her dress. Then, without a word, he took her in his arms, and they remained thus embraced for a long time. And then it was time. Eomer tore himself away from her and was about to mount his horse when she flew to him and, with a passion akin to despair, kissed him. He embraced her with a strength that would have crushed her, had he not been so gentle and careful not to hurt her, and he thought that he would never be able to let her go. But he did, and he mounted after one last glance. He made his farewell to Imrahil and his sons, to her one last time, and then ordered his riders forward. Lothiriel followed his plume as long as her eyes could make it out, and then when she could not she gazed at the eored until it disappeared in the distance. Then, she went back to her chamber, and remained lost in melancholy thought for a long time, absent-mindedly carressing the brooch that would remain always with her until her wedding. At last, she tore herself from her sadness and rang for Hamling. All would be well now : evil had fallen. Their days could only be happy – and it was Eomer more than the Halflings who had brought this happiness to her. She smiled and went to a window overlooking the inland : soon, she would be in Edoras. It had been a long time since she had been that confident about the future. I hope you had a good time! Reviews are more than welcome.