you?" He snarled and leaned towards the pair, murder glinting from his eyes. "Well," "Nay!" Answering in unison the twins each took a step back, their eyes flickering to each other in consternation. Perhaps it was not such a good idea to try ribbing their friend at this moment. Their father's favourite description of Thranduil's elves sprang to mind and here and now Legolas truly looked much more dangerous than wise. "Legolas, 'Dan, 'Roh." It may have gone ill for the brethren if at that moment Arwen had not chosen to approach, smiling widely, a foreign diplomat at her side. "I would like to introduce you to the Laird of Macallan." She indicated the small, red haired man at her side. "My brothers, the Lords Elladan and Elrohir." "A pleasure to meet ya. Sirs." The foreigner's voice was deep and not unpleasant, with a lilting burr. "And this is Prince Legolas of Ithilien." At the slight emphasis Arwen placed upon the word prince the diplomats eyes widened in consternation. "Ah!" his ruddy cheeks paled slightly and he shuffled his feet. "I fear an apology is owed, your highness." As the foreigner bowed with a low flourish Arwen's twinkling eyes met Legolas' pointed gaze and she donned her sweetest smile but as his arms swiftly folded tight across his chest and his feet planted themselves slightly further apart, she could see that the wood elf's more than ruffled feathers were not going to be smoothed so easily. "Well." The queen trilled brightly. "I am sure the prince quite understands…" "Actually." The icy tones cut through Arwen's words like a knife. "I do not understand, Your Highness ." He emphasised, raising his expressive eyebrows at the queen before turning the full force of an icy gaze, borrowed from his father, upon the hapless diplomat. "Erm, weel," The man stuttered briefly, obviously wilting under the elf's chill stare. "I am afraid my esteemed friend mistook you for a…" he swallowed before blurting out the next words. "A royal courtesan." "A….courtesan." Rolling the unfamiliar word around his mouth the prince's eyes seemed to harden further. "And pray tell, just what is a courtesan, if I might enquire?" He glanced at the twins as he heard a muffled snigger. "A courtesan is, um, well, is someone who will provide pleasure," the diplomat cleared his throat then continued swiftly. "By, erm, singing, or erm, playing music, or, well, um, certain other..." The mad rush of words tailed off. "Ah." Legolas nodded his head coolly and the three siblings held their breath. "And can anyone become a…royal courtesan?" "Oh, no, your highness." Lulled by the apparent calm now suspended over the elf the diplomat began to relax into his explanation. "Usually they are fairly high born, second daughters and the like, well educated and trained in all aspects of the arts of pleasu…" His voice dried as he realised too late that the calm was about to be followed by the storm. "So." The steel in the single word could have cut the air. "First one of your Lords decides to fondle my behind, without so much as a by your leave, then you try to tell me it is acceptable because he thought me a gentleman of pleasure?" "Ah, no, well, not really." The small redhead began to back away his hands held out defensively as the grim faced elf stalked closer, his hand caressing the handle of the knife at his belt. "No, no, no he would never have thought that. That would be considered…unnatural." A moue of distaste twisted his mouth. The elf stopped, his head tilted to one side. "Oh. So, if not that, what exactly did he think?" The group leaned in slightly as they all waited for the diplomats reply. "That you were a… lady of pleasure." He finally managed to squeak out before collapsing in a dead faint at Legolas' feet. Silence fell as they all looked down at the small crumpled figure then Elladan let out a loud guffaw, closely followed by his twin and suddenly the air was filled with the sound of laughter as the two ladies found themselves unable to suppress their own gleeful giggles. "A…woman!" Eowyn spluttered, half indignantly, half in amusement. "I...always...said…you…were…too…pretty…for…your…own…good." Elrohir managed to choke out between joyful whoops. "'Tis all very well for you." Legolas spat out indignantly. "You were not at the brunt of all this." He turned to stalk away only to come face to face with a very perplexed looking Aragorn. "And what has been happening here?" His regal gaze swept across the scene, taking in the mirthful faces of the twins, his lady wife and the white lady, then the deadly cool air of the wood elf, before falling to rest upon the apparently unconscious figure at their feet. "What have you done?" He glared up at Legolas then sank to his knees beside the diplomat who was just beginning to stir back to life. "My lord, take it easy, are you well?" Murmuring gently he assisted the foreigner into a sitting position then glanced back up at his queen with a raised eyebrow. "I am fine, your majesty, fine." The foreigner was desperately trying to regain his feet whilst avoiding the king's gaze. "I just felt a little…faint, that is all." Managing at last to stand he risked an abashed glance towards Legolas. "I'm truly sorry, highness. I'm sure no offence was intended. Really. I should, erm, maybe if I just…" Aragorn inclined his head as the diplomat bowed to him before scurrying away so quickly he almost tripped over his own feet, his face a brilliant scarlet. "So. " The king turned his gaze back to the remainder of the group. "Is someone going to tell me what has been going on?" Fin Gwathel nin = my sworn sister A/N Tried something a little different with this one and rather enjoyed the challenge. What do you think? Did it work? I would love to know. :)