before tossing the body into the orc pit and opening a new portal. She waved Sidh through first and jumped after her gratefully. "Oh…" Sidh muttered, taking a deep breath. "Next time I have a stupid idea just tell me, will you?" she asked Caitlin. "But you learn so much more when I don't point it out!" Caitlin's grin was slightly malicious as she dug out a new uniform shirt and changed quickly—the Sue's blood had gotten all over the other one. "So, what did you think? Ready to run yet?" "Yes, I think I am," Sidh replied, smiling slightly. "And you know what, this was fun," she added suddenly. "Fun?" Caitlin's eyebrows rose a bit as she hung her sword, bow and quiver where they belonged. "Aw, bugger, we forgot to get you a weapon of your own. How was it fun?" "Well… I managed to see Rivendell, and saw the world back to normal after the Sue's been removed… isn't that enough fun?" she asked absently. "All right, I'll give you that. And seeing the results is always worth the headaches on the way, I'll admit." Caitlin braided her hair back out of her way. "Care to go on the tour with me? Our cafeteria isn't half bad, and it'll do you good to meet the rest of the agents." "Sure, let me just get changed, all right?" Sidh asked, moving over to her bed and opening one of the many bags she had, looking for something to wear. "I hope there'll be enough room for all your things," Caitlin frowned as she took her CAD out of her bag and began running the normal diagnoses on it to clean out whatever Legolas' OOCness had done to it. "Eh…I think so…" Sidh replied, frowning slightly. "I always manage to push them in somewhere." she added, changing her clothes. "What are you doing?" she asked. "Staying on Makes-Things' good side," Caitlin replied absently, finishing the tests and fixing the small errors. "He hates it when agents go through four or five CADs every year. I'm still on my first one of the year." "Oh…" Sidh replied, smiling. "Then 'm sure he's pleased with you… shall we get going?" she asked after a moment, looking excited about going to the cafeteria. "We shall indeed, partner." Caitlin stashed her equipment away and picked her way through the stacks of bags to the door. "One thing you must keep in mind: stay distracted as we go. That's the only way to get anywhere fast." "Stay distracted?" Sidh asked surprised. "How staying distracted can help us to get anywhere faster? I thought that it was staying focused that would do that…" she said. "You'd think so, wouldn't you? Not true here. Here, getting lost is the fastest way to wherever you're going. Someone screwed up badly in the designing stage." Caitlin walked briskly. "Oh, I see…" Sidh replied, following Caitlin, and trying to remember where they were going so that she could find her way back if she needed to. "You're thinking too hard. Stop thinking about paths and just let your mind wander," Caitlin ordered, glancing over her shoulder at the new agent. "But how can I?" Sidh asked. "I don't know this place yet, and so, I'll get lost as soon as I make a step. I'd like to know which way my bed is…" Caitlin stopped and gripped Sidh's shoulders. "Trust me on this," she said quietly. "The moment you're truly lost is the moment you round the corner and find the place you are seeking. When you're tired, you'll find your way back to your bed. It's the top bunk, by the way." "Oh, all right…" Sidh said, looking at Caitlin. The girl seemed to be positively sure of what she said. "All right then…" she smiled. "I'll try to stay as distracted as I only can, I promise. And the top bunk sounds good enough…" "Good." The two partners walked side-by-side down the halls as Caitlin distracted Sidh with stories of things she had seen in her five years working at the PPC. Some were hysterical (like the time the Genderbent!Legolas got loose in the headquarters and all the male agents went comatose), and others were warnings to the hapless agents (like the one about an agent falling in love with a Sue and going insane over her when his partner killed her). "Really? Did something like that really happen?" Sidh asked, surprised, looking at Caitlin in disbelief. Though right then she remembered how sorry she had begun to feel for the Sue before Caitlin killed her. "Unfortunately, yes. And I can see why. It almost happened to me when I was chasing down a Marty Sam. They are scarily attractive when you're tired and weak." Caitlin rounded a corner and smiled. "And with that cheerful thought, here we are at the cafeteria." She placed her hand on the knob. "Finally," Sidh muttered, looking at Caitlin. "I have to remember about that…" "See that you do." With that, Caitlin opened the door to let them in. ((Caitlin's A/N: For those who know me as Vana, hallo! Yes, I finally managed to find a good partner who was willing to jump into Sue killing with me. We were given permission to kill this Sue by her author, Deepy. Apparently, she wrote Delilah as a contestant in the OFUM competition. It's not as bad as some, and that's all I'll say about that. The name 'Pure Peace' is a pun on our names: Caitlin means Pure and Sidh means Peace, for you Elvish buffs out there. It's also somewhat ironic, as pure peace is the last thing a PPC agent gets.)) ((Sidh's A/N: looks around shyly Hallo! This is me, the new partner of Caitlin whom she so kindly decided to train. Eh…realizes she has lost her entire, well-prepared speech somewhere all right…eh…I think that's all for the first time. Thank you for your attention…looks nervously at Caitlin and disappears))