laugh and lightly punch him in the arm. "Only to see you off, you scoundrel." Haeronor grins at me. Nana lets out a semi-exasperated sigh, but smiles at us both. Over the years she has learned to put up with our good-natured bickering. I help myself to a portion of the bread and cheese resting on the table and wolf it down where I stand. I wipe the crumbs from my skirts and speed toward the wooden door where I shove my feet into my worn leather boots. The soles are wearing thin, but Nana has promised that she will find me a new pair before the start of winter. I must wear these until then. Finishing the laces, I whip around and fix my brother with a mock glare. "You better be here when I get back," I tell him sternly, brooking no argument. Haeronor simply grins wider and nods his acquiescence. With a contented smile, I dart out of the house and into the dust of the day. My chores seem to take half the time they do normally – I dare not hold back my brother too long from his duties. I milk the cow, feed the animals, and lead the horses out to the paddock where they may exercise free of the confines of the barn. Haeronor's stallion, I leave in the stable; they will be parting with us soon and the poor animal deserves a few moments more of rest. I then haul buckets of water from our well to the troughs for the horses, cow, and the pigs in their pen. Wiping my wet hands on my brown skirt – I have forgotten to wear my apron again, and I take care not to soil my dress too badly – I make my way back inside. Haeronor stands in the entryway, his saddlebags resting near the door. Though I knew he was leaving this morning, my stomach still sinks at the sight. He is clearly ready to leave, what with his well-worn (but now clean) travelling clothes, sword belted to his waist, and pack filled with salted meats, bread, and apples. As I step inside, he gathers his bow and quiver and slings them across his back. With his rugged features and well-muscled body, he is the very picture of a Dunedain Ranger. Haeronor seems to notice my lowered countenance, and he smiles at me, trying to raise my spirits. He rests a callused hand on my shoulder in a comforting gesture. "Worry not, I shall be back soon," He assures me. "After all, who can defeat the proud Rangers of the North?" he said with a silly grin. I grin back at him; despite my misgivings, I am reassured. "Well, go on then," I tease him. "Bring me something nice when you come back home?" I plead, like the little sister I am. Haeronor nods, grin melting into a gentle smile. "See you soon, sister." I smile and throw my arms around his waist, hugging him tight before letting go and stepping back. Nana takes my place, wrapping her arms around her grown son and kissing him on the cheek. "I love you, dear," she tells him softly. "Stay safe." Haeronor looks her in the eyes and nods solemnly. He takes her hand for a brief moment. "You too," he tells her. The lighthearted atmosphere is gone – it feels just as momentous as when we sent Ada off to the war. I do not understand, but I cannot ruin what appears to be a precious moment. Maenor appears from behind Haeronor, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. The eight-year-old stumbles forward, then latches his arm around Haeronor's legs, the highest he can reach at his short stature. "Don't' leave Haeronor, not yet!" My elder brother laughs and drops mother's hand, placing his arm around Maenor's small shoulders. "I have to. Surely you understand… after all, you will one day be a ranger too." "Not yet," Maenor grumbles. "I am not big enough." Haeronor smiles indulgently. "No, not yet. But you do have a very important job to do while I am gone. You will be the only man of the house left – I expect you to take care of the ladies." Maenor looks up at Haeronor, a determined light coming into his eyes. He slowly drops his arms and stands as tall as he possibly can. "I will. You can trust me." Haeronor's expression of grave seriousness does not hide the light in his eyes. He is amused, as am I. Nana's face is unreadable – I know that she must worry for her eldest son, but I cannot tell from her expression. "Come, Maenor," Nana chides. "We cannot hold your brother back any longer than we must. He has important work to tend to." Nana and Haeronor share one last look, then Haeronor turns and shoulders his saddlebags. "Farewell," he tells us all, then steps out the door. Our eyes follow him as he disappears inside the stable for a moment, then returns leading his stallion. He raises a hand to us in farewell, then mounts and rides away into the surrounding forest. I cannot help but think that things will be much changed the next time we see him. I do not know from whence this thought arises, but somehow know it to be true. I stand in the doorway for some time after my mother and brother, watching the forest with inexplainable sadness in my heart. A/N: Here are some definitions of some names and words that may be unfamiliar to some readers. Though the Dúnedain primarily speak Sindarin (correct me if I'm wrong) and if fully "translated" to English my fanfiction would not include these Sindarin words, I chose to keep some words instead of using just English, in order to present part of their culture in my writing. Nana: Mother Ada: Father Gwathlo River: Greyflood River Mitheithel River: Hoarwell River Bruinen River: Loudwater River Imladris: Rivendell