your last email, but I think I will go ahead with the P.P.C. idea. You are a lifesaver! Lotrmatrixstarwarsfan: I'm thinking about forming a Brute Squad out of all my similarly enraged readers to go after her in the end, actually. I know I could get enough people together to go along with it. I haven't gotten to use Legolas, Gimli, and the hobbits as much as I would have liked to, Gimli particularly. I hope to get into them a little more now that they're broken up and will get more attention individually. Thanks for your suggestions! Fae: Ah, my darling dear hobbit chica. So you finally got your review, did you? LOL, you're shameless, m'dear. Thanks for the "School's Out" plug, since I'm way too shy to do it myself. I think I'm going to do another chapter for that tomorrow or the day after. Not sure yet. I think I might do some more pranks. Anyway, I promise I'll get the word out about "The Face" after you put up another chapter or two (reel 'em in, then keep running with it.) and maybe we can have a look at that nasssssty formatting, yesss . . . AerinBrown: I know I said thanks in my e-mail, but I can't help saying it again: THANK YOU for reading "School's Out." And thanks for your vote of confidence for the sequel! Heero Yuy: Actually, the machine means that you'll just die sooner. I think that's how it's supposed to work. The only human test subject died before any real results were achieved, so far as I understand it. Miracle Max did bring him back to life, but that's a rabbit trail we won't go into . . . and yes, Middle-earthlings beware, you're in for a scare of epic proportions! Lady Moon: A separate fic, though I hardly need to tell you (whoops). And no, it's not going to be good at all. Would you care for a blunt or sharp object with which to beat up something (or someone)? NightShade: It'd better not be, because I guarantee the Sue is going to incur a lot more torture along the way! Rin: Yes, a year, much to my dismay. But when life gets you around the throat and hauls you away from the keyboard, there's not much you can do about it, unfortunately. I hope to be a bit more faithful about this fanfic. I do admit it took me awhile to get all my ducks in a row with starting the sequel, but that's just how it had to be. I will NOT give up, however. I'm going to finish this, I promise. Zurizip: Yep, that about says it all. In a lot nicer terms than I would have used. Babyface: I actually did read that in The Hidden Archives. Ah, poor Legolas, to be made to suffer so. Okay, enough with the poetics. I love CNell's and Bryn's work, and generally Mary Sue bashing in general. If you know of any more good reads, let me know! Dazzle: Well . . . it's only twenty-two days later, is that soon enough? Probably not, I'd know I'd kill me for not updating sooner, so I'll understand if you hunt me down. Kyae: I think some family members just don't understand our strange reading obsessions. I attempted to explain a Glorfindel reference the other day, and it just wasn't working . . . and when all else fails, blackmail 'em! Katakanadian: Yes, I am now very embarrassed to read the introduction to the first chapter, but I also am too lazy to take it down and fix it . . . oh well. DeeSarrachi: You're not the only one who's mad at her. I write about her and I get upset sometimes. (And my parents wonder why I talk to myself in angry voices . . .) Oh yeah, and it's a deal! Europa: Wow, a raccoon the size of a dog. That would be pretty impressive. We were thinking about making the animal a beaver or something, but decided on raccoon just because some stupid person *cough*Meriweather*cough* thinks they're cuddly. At least it wasn't a unicorn or some really far-out creature. Raphael the Andromeda: LOL, if you're still with me at this point, kudos, and I have a Perseverance Award for you! Earendil: Oh dear, my head is inflating once again at your review. May I suggest some other great fics to you that I'm sure will take the place of mine in the 'Best LOTR fic' category? Maybe that'll help deflate my head . . . but all the same, I will continue, and thank you for your continued support. Turelie: It is very possible that I could be mistaken about the Watcher. I've heard similar mythical creatures referred to as 'krakens,' so that's where I got it from. And please, feel free to utilize any and all insults you wish. They're just words, and I don't own them (I wonder if it's possible to own a word?) Wellduh: Yes, O Great Taskmaster, I is going! Kaitourei: Inspiration is a good thing, and a massive compliment (aside from the fact that you just sat down and read the *whole* thing . . .). Starbrat: Don't we all wish she was dead? But oh no, death is too good for *her*. . . Shiggity-shiggity: I don't remember ever giving Meri-Sue an age, but judging from typical Sueness, anywhere between eighteen to twenty-five. The machine doesn't mean you look older, it means you die sooner. Hope that helps, sorry for the confusion. Chelsea: Wow, suggestions! I regret that I can't fulfill all of them immediately, due to where the story is at this point in time, but I promise more Meriweather is in the works. C.L. Rhodes: Maybe a better question would be, what *won't* she screw up? I think she's got plans for Edoras, personally. At the very least, Helm's Deep will be, erm, interesting . . .