a while, Gimli and I would still insult each other but it was with affection and we grew to become good friends. I just wished Legolas and Gimli would be friends too. ~~Legolas's POV~~ I watch Maya and she seemed to be in her own thoughts again. "Maya!" I whispered to her. "Hmm!" "I can sense your pain, you are not the only one who misses Gandalf." I saw her stiffen and instantly knew I should have handled what I had just said, in a softer tone. "It is all my fault!" whispered Maya, who then got up and walked in a darkened corner to where we both were, before sitting down on the ground with her head nesting between her knees. I got up and swiftly sat next to her, placing my arm around her shoulder. "It is not your fault," I could feel her shaking and all I wanted to do was to protect her "Maya." She shook her head. "I think it would wise if I left the Fellowship!" I was aghast, there was no way that could happen. "No, that can not be allowed." Finally she looked at me and I saw and felt her pain. "I am a liability Legolas." Maya tried to turn her head but, I gently cup her cheek. "You are not a liability Maya," how could I get through to her? "Maya, look at me!" Maya does not. 'This won't do.' I thought. ~~Maya's POV~~ I feel him grab me and pulled me onto his lap sideways, catching his blue eyes stare back at me, his left arm gently holds my waist. "H-hey, what do you think your doing?" I cry out to him. "Gandalf's death is not your fault Maya," replied Legolas ignoring my outburst just now. "You had a vision of his death didn't you?" I look back at him in surprise. "I watched you approach him in the mountain base, when he was trying to open the dwarven door," I watch and listen to him "You tried to tell him something but he just wouldn't listen...Maya, you did all that you could!" "No, your wrong, I should have made him see sense!" I reply looking down. Legolas gently cupped my face with his hand, raising my head, but I avoid looking at him. "Maya, please look at me." whispered Legolas. "No!" "Why do you do that?" "Do what?" I asked him, refusing to look up at him. "Shut people out, especially those that want to get closer to you." "I do not shut people out Legolas!" I reply, frowning. "Don't frown Maya, it doesn't suit you." said Legolas stroking my cheek gently. 'Why is he always so nice to me?' I thought to myself 'And why is my heart reacting differently to his touch?' I finally look up and face him. "Even Gimli is worried about you!" frowned Legolas. "Don't frown Legolas, it demerits you!" I remark to him. Legolas watched me and slowly his frown disappers. "What's come over you all of a sudden?...Anyone would think your-," I trail of. "That I'm what?" asked Legolas, softly. "Doesn't matter." "Tell me!" I shook my head. "Please tell me what you were about to say!" asked Legolas. "Oh alright," I sighed "You act like your jealous." "Maybe that's because I am." he admitted, watching me intently. "Why?" I ask him. "The way he watches you!" "Who?" "Gimli!" I laugh softly at him. "It's not funny Maya!" snapped Legolas. "Oh, but it is!" I chuckled. I realised I had not laughed for a long time and I instantly felt guilty for showing this emotion. I try and stop laughing, but Legolas reaction was priceless. "Oh and why is it funny?" asked Legolas sounding angry, which made me sober up my laughter. "Gimli is a friend, nothing more. I like his humour but I'm not interested in him in that way!" I reply seeing surprise in Legolas face. "What has come over you?" "You really want to know?" asked Legolas stroking my cheek again. I nod my head, wanting to hear his point of view. "For a very long time, I have had these feelings course through me. At first I did try and ignore them but when I saw Gimli start speaking to you, I knew I could not let my feelings for you die out!" "I don't understand." I whisper. Legolas surprised me next by placing his forehead on mine, watching me intently. "I'm saying, Maya, you have taken my heart." I listen to what Legolas had said and realise why my heart is thumping quicker then it should and I realise I felt the same for him. "You have my heart too!" I whispered to Legolas. "You return my feelings Maya?" asked Legolas. I saw hope in his blue eyes. "Yes, I return your feelings Legolas." I reply to him shyly. "Your not playing games with me?" I roll my green eyes at him. "Legolas, I have never played mind games in my entire life," I say to him frowning at him "If that is what you think of me-," Legolas stops my talking by crashing his lips on mine. He stops and looks at me, then smiles and brushes his lips over mine again. This time I respond back, wrapping my arms around his neck stroking his long blonde hair. I feel his hand caress my cheek as the kiss deepens. Legolas breaks the kiss and places his forehead on mine again. "You can break it to Gimli that we are together," I smirk at Legolas "but please don't insult each other anymore!" His reply was another long kiss. I would miss Gandalf but I was glad I had really good friends to help one enough out. It was just a shame that Legolas and Gimli hated one other. Maybe one day, they would settle their differences. I hoped that day would come soon. Here's hoping anyway! A/N *Gates of Elves...listen to my words, Threshold of Dwarves