traitorous army, but evil had a way of growing over time. During the last decade of the previous Age, the traitors had grown into a number great and powerful enough to become a threat. But the Mages had dwindled their numbers down until they had to retreat into hiding. But their time of hiding wasn't going to last forever, and within the next couple thousand years, the blood-traitors came again. It had been the most trying time for the Mages and they nearly lost everything. Even after recovery, the damage had been done and it seemed the Mages were no different from the blood traitors. Men don't have magic, the people would say. The witches care nothing for the troubles of others. They would see us fall just like the kingdoms of Arnor. In her many travels, Elaniel had heard more of those ideas than she cared to remember, let alone count. She was lucky that, in the Shire, the hobbits knew nothing of the people she came from or their history. They didn't mind in the matters of the Big Folk. They tilled their lands, lived their days, and settled in a nice peace. Elaniel gave them no trouble, so they did not mind her, though in other parts of the world, she had to tread carefully. Even when traveling with Gandalf, his good graces only counted for the slightest of courtesies. Elaniel learned to endure it in her own way. It displeased Gandalf at times, but he was long passed trying to rid her of it. Though she didn't regret it in the slightest, starting a bar fight was admittedly not one of her best moments. The Prancing Pony was warm and full of noise. Yes, a nice cooked meal that she didn't have to hunt, skin and prepare herself would be pleasant indeed. She approached the inn stand. She hoped luck would be on her side as Butterbur greeted her. "Good evening, young sir. What can I do for you?" So far so good. "I'd like a room for the night and dinner," Elaniel answered, making sure to keep her voice low. Already people were passing around them. She was practically in Butterbur's face from being nudged forward by someone who wanted to pass by. Just don't let him recognize her. "Of course, I'll ready one for you," Butterbur said. "And I'll get you a plate from the kitchen." Perfect. Elaniel turned and made her way to an empty seat. "Wait." Elaniel stopped and held in a groan. She grit her teeth as Butterbur asked her to turn around. Slowly, she wheeled around and faced him. He looked simply curious at her, not at all like the anger he'd showed as he gripped her by the collar and escorted her the whole way to the gate. Please, just let her pass. He was starting to make a scene. A few of the occupants were watching them. "May I see under your hood?" he asked. Damn. Slowly, Elaniel pushed back her hood to reveal her red hair and more feminine features. From behind her, she heard someone shout, " Witch! " The whole bar became silent as they all stared at her. With two blades and a bow and quiver on her back, that wasn't the best situation to be called a witch. She watched as Butterbur's eyes narrowed, though he didn't seem to recognize her from what she could see. Really? He forgets one thing, but remembers another? Of all the rotten luck. She heard the light metal hum as someone unsheathed a dagger from somewhere behind her. It wouldn't do her any good to raise a weapon of her own, but that didn't mean she wasn't going to defend herself. She whipped around and grabbed the arm that held the dagger. It belonged to a greasy man whose teeth were already rotted yellow. She kicked his leg out from under him and didn't have time to watch him fall as another man came at her. Just as he landed on the ground with a broken nose, a loud bellow rang through the bar. There was the fury she'd seen before on Butterbur's face, though he wasn't purple yet. He gave a hard glare to those in the room, daring them to move, and then looked hard at Elaniel. "I will have no violence in my establishment," he stated firmly, barely managing to keep his tone even. "And you will leave this town right now before you start any more trouble." The barman made his way over to Elaniel and gripped her arm like a disobedient child, amusing since she was a couple inches taller him. She was hardly going to fight him. At least she was allowed to leave without a scratch...or spending a night in a cell. Much better than the last visit to Dale. As they approached the gate, Butterbur hollered to the door warden. "What were you thinking letting a witch through the gates?" The man startled out of his seat by the gate and stared at the two of them. He took in Elaniel's signifying red hair and features. "Wait, he's a she? I thought that was a sir. A Ranger too, he, I mean, she said." Okay, fine. Anyone but her kin would find that a lie. "Next time, check them more thoroughly!" Butterbur ordered as he opened the gate himself. "This is a warning. Don't come back!" He shoved her out the gate and slammed it behind her. The whole time, Elaniel had simply followed him with a bored expression on her face. It was complete irony. The last time, Butterbur ignored her being there but kicked her out for causing a ruckus. Now he threw her out for being something people started a ruckus over. He didn't even remember just who she was. Again, rotten luck. Fine, she didn't want to be there in the first place. She stormed off, but not without kicking the gate for good measure.