think he was Horny not Corny. Anyway, seeing his map was a map of Mount Solitaire with a secret door marked on it, and as the key appeared to go with the map, I thought I'd grab them, thinking they might come in useful at some stage." "The Necromuffer just let you take them?" Thorny asked in amazement. "Well, it's not like I didn't ask nicely," Grandelf said, somewhat sheepishly. "And, remember, it was quite a few years ago, long before he turned nasty. Mirkwood is a very bad environment if you ask me," he added, somewhat confidentially, "and perhaps we should have seen it coming – no wonder he turned, if you know what I mean. And he was such a handsome chap, the Necromuffer, all shiny... and very charming… with a lovely fetching smile..." "But what about the way he treated my grandfather?" Thorny exclaimed, angrily. "Well he had been caught snooping around his bulwarks, you know," the wizard mouthed, somewhat limply, "And the penal code being what it was in those days..." His voice fell away. "Hey!" yelled Snorey suddenly, "You must know who the Necromuffer is then!" "No, not really," Grandelf replied, again somewhat sheepishly, "I forgot to ask... they were happier times, you see.... In those days you could meet people but not feel the need to ask intrusive questions – trusting times... Mind you, I admit I had a terrible feeling he was faking it even then...." Thorny asked, "Why haven't you told me any of this before?" "Oh I wanted to surprise you," Grandelf said, with a sudden grin. "Oh Thorny, I do know how much you love surprises!" All the other dwarfs laughed and wagged their beards knowingly – except Dwarfen who just nodded her head. "He does, you know," they all said. "Hey Thorny, he's quite right, isn't he!" Thorny frowned at Grandelf at first, but then he smiled and whatever tension there had been faded. "Yes," he chuckled, "You've got me there, dear, dear Grandelf. It's so true! I just love surprises. Oh it's just so-oh true!" And he laughed again – they all did. But their merriment was short lived, for Bango asked suddenly, "What topical things did you discuss with the Necromuffer, Grandelf?" Grandelf cast him a disapproving glance. "Oh a few things... but never you mind. Anyway, everyone, it's all settled now! We've got our Mr Lucky Number Burglar-assassin, and a very useful map, and a very useful key as well, and, of course, thirteen stout dwarfs to carry back the treasure after Bango stabs Smug to death. Things have worked out perfectly..." "No they haven't," Bango protested shrilly, "As if I could kill the nastiest firedrake since Sarkastic the Insensitive! The very idea is ludicrous! I'm only three foot three!" "Oh I wish you'd stop beating that dead horse, Bango!" Grandelf said severely. "You might be a short arse - but not by hobwit standards!" "Anyway, Mr Bigguns," Bwalin put in encouragingly, "it's not the size of the hobwit it's the size of the fight in the hobwit that matters!" "Let's have another song!" Ignory yelled out suddenly, because it was well and truly his turn to say something. "Good idea," Thorny cried. "Go and get our camping-equipment-cum-musical instruments from the hallway everyone! Just grab my harp-cum-portable-clothesline, lads," Thorny called after them, "but don't forget to un-peg my socks!" They then retired to Bango's sitting-room, and as soon as Biffo and Boppo had plugged their electric-guitars-cum-axes into the Power-Orbs Bango had only recently bought from the Magical Mystery Company in Needlegap, the dwarfish orchestra struck up a cacophonous music… Then the Company stopped for a few seconds while Bwalin cleaned grass out the end of his flute-cum-walking-stick… Then the dwarfish orchestra struck up once again. And I assure you, the music they struck up could definitely be described as peculiarly curiously interesting. Next thing, the dwarfs started singing. It was the deep throated slightly gay singing of dwarfs in their deep ancestral caverns, coal pits and storm-water tunnels: Far beyond the far off Mushy Mountains, Past all those trees and lakes with fountains, We must away ere break of day - not later! - To go and kill that big and nasty fire-maker. In days of yore, if not before, at least ages ago, Smug came flying south and struck a great blow, His trampling feet and fiery breath killed sways of us, He powered through our Mountain like a runaway bus. And now that firedrake has all our valuables, Diamonds, gems, and metals malleable! He's got our all our baubles and special stones, Including the more than famous Farkenstone! Oh we must away early come the morning dim, To wrest our marvellous treasure from the Crim! And then the music and the voices fell silent - which was just as well, because it was the worst song Bango had ever heard. "Off to bed now!" Grandelf called out in a jolly voice. "Or else we'll sleep in and therefore make the song incorrect in at least one detail." Bango wanted to ask more questions but Grandelf poked him with his staff a few times and shooed him protesting into his bedroom. Once inside, the hobwit noticed Biffo's brawny shadow lurking in the passageway, so he quickly locked the door. With nothing better to do, he got ready for bed. He was feeling all knotty and upset in the stomach, as well he might, and it did not help when he glanced out his window and saw a huge mass of flame shoot up over the slums of East Hobwiton. It made him think of firedrakes settling with all fires blazing, on his beloved Hump… Just then, Thorny Oakenbeard began to sing in the room next to him: "Far beyond the far off Mushy Mountains, Past all those trees and lakes with fountains…" Bango shuddered again, and he swiftly put in earplugs. He sincerely hoped there would not be too much singing in the days ahead…