in wrathful despair. Turning on her heel, she did not see the Worm alighting from his place beside the King to pull out the knife meant for his heart. He stroked his blackened hands along its polished length reverently, mindful of the sharp edges. He had not attempted to kiss her again despite her vulnerable, sword-less state. He did, however, leave more drawings for her, all pretense of secrecy gone as he scattered them around her chambers wantonly. Eowyn saw herself, stricken with passion, each image more spotted than the last, until one final warning was tacked up onto her door: an entire page, utterly drenched in the darkest ink, dripping on the floor in a steady dribble that pooled and stained the rug like blood. She tried to wrench it off, and her fingers slipped and scratched uselessly until she managed to grip opposite corners and shred the vile thing on the spot. She felt flushed--' from the effort, the anger, ' she told herself. He meant to have all of her…the only question that remained was when. A heretofore unknown fear of rodents drove the King to order the entire Hall scoured for pests; all knew there had never been a serious problem with vermin before the Worm had burrowed inside Meduseld, and all had little option but to humor this sudden anxiety in their increasingly unstable leader. For Eowyn, of course, this meant the discovery of an 'infestation' in her private rooms, and her displacement into another suite. In the very same wing where the largest rat of all made his nest. It was there, on a still and starless night, that he struck. The Princess huddled alone on the overly large bed, stripped of all that was familiar and safe, all that had given her strength in the past--isolated. Caged. Completely disarmed. He made no attempt to disguise himself as he stepped within her chamber, shutting the door with a resounding thud, locking it with an bone-rattling snap. "My Lady…" She simply closed her eyes and waited. The first touch of his fingers felt sticky, made his skin cling to hers for a moment before allowing him to violate the next patch of her virgin body, inch by agonizing inch. Settling the fleshy feelers over her breasts, he next pressed his mouth to her--at her temple, then her jaw, peppering her noble brow and straight nose and apple-cheeks, before finally swooping down to claim her lips with a needy whine that made her gut clench in a way she did not want to acknowledge. His tongue proved itself deserving of its title as it wormed its way inside, slithering around and lapping at her own relentlessly. It was a messy affair; their mutual inexperience was apparent. He drew back only to reposition himself by her ear, where he murmured an unending torrent of coaxing and persuasive words. Never a more suggestive and seducing commentary had been heard by any woman in the world, she was certain, as her loins ached with unwanted, unexpected yearning. Her defenses were being flayed alive under his darkly sensual assault. With the last vestiges of her resistance, Eowyn cried " Why? " "Because I want to," he whispered longingly into the nape of her neck, tracing her spine through her delicate nightdress. "Because I can ," he growled, yanking the fabric away from her shoulder and suckling the bared skin feverishly. "Because you will let me," he said simply, like a stone dropped to the bottom of a shallow well, as he hiked her skirt higher and clutched her knee. His deathly pallor seemed almost green compared to her golden glow; she was the sun and he was the moon, stealing her light and bleaching its color to naught. Her head canted back in a silent scream of feral, undeniable desire as he dug his hands between her thighs and pried them apart like two halves of a clamshell, his stained nails seeking out and scraping over her sensitive pearl. The White Lady gave herself over to his black will, and he bent her double and rammed his inky fingers inside her, over and over and over, her thrashing and wailing making him grin with manic delight as he grunted in time with their furious pace: " No-one-can-make-you-feel-this-way-but-me!" And she agreed, loudly, as she reached the pinnacle of her submission and shrieked his given name: " Grima! " After all, what was a warrior with no sword, no shield, and most of all--no will to fight? She emerged from the fog of sleep slowly and was met with the sight of a room not her own, from a bed not her own, with a strange ache that throbbed from within what felt like her very soul. It was surreal, as if she had drifted off in one body and woken up in another. The man who loomed over her, rubbing his flattened, sweaty palm along her hip like he owned it, was more familiar to her than her own reflection. " My Lady," he crooned, and took her limp hand to kiss her knuckles tenderly, possessively. His fingers were clean. AN: What to say…what can I say? Haha! I wanted and needed to do this, so I did. I like to challenge myself to try different genres, so this is an early (only?) exploration of things like horror-romance and semi-smut. *blush* Keywords in my head while writing this story were 'hands,' 'bleak,' 'creepy,' and 'claustrophobic.' Shout-out in my next update to anyone who can tell me what animal Grima is reminiscent of in here! In any case, 'Threads' chapter 4 is two-thirds finished--I was writing it when I suddenly had to write a Jareth/Sarah story, which was then derailed by this fellow. Hopefully the J/S will pan out, but either way I'm definitely not done with Coraline yet. As always, thank you so, so much for reading ! I hope you enjoyed this and I love hearing from you all! ---258