about Kidhuzel, but you must promise me you are not going to get angry" Gimli tensed a little under her arms. He was getting more an more defensive of his Elf friend, whenever Glóin made a comment about him, a comment only a Dwarf would make of an Elf, Gimli would yell at his father, tears trickling down his cheeks. It was getting harder, Geira had to acknowledge it, and only a few days had passed since Kidhuzel had come for the first time. But Gimli seemed happier. "Can you promise it, my love?" Gimli nodded "What is it ma?" "You know about the tales Dwarves tell about Elves. And how Elves and Dwarves have not been friends for a long time?" "Aye." "Well, it is great that you are Kidhuzel's friend, and I know he thinks the same. But sweetest one, I think you should never tell anyone else about him." His small gem pushed himself off her embrace to look at her. Such seriousness in his gaze, Geira sometimes forgot he was but a child. "But why? He's nice" "I know he is, baby, but the others don't know that, they will think he is bad, I don't want them to bother you or Kidhuzel" "But ma, I can tell them he's not bad! And they will play with us and see that Kidhuzel is a good Elf!" he said with excitement in his voice. Geira sighed. They will not see who you are playing with. "My star, we have lived disliking Elves our whole lives. It won't be that easy. You can be Kidhuzel's friend because you are special, but not everyone will understand. Please, sweetling, promise me you will not tell anyone about him" she was a little desperate, but not lying at all. Kidhuzel might not be real, but Gimli had to have something different inside him to have imagined an Elf, and at so young at age. After a moment of silence, Gimli spoke "Alright ma. May I go to my room now?" She kissed her son and nodded "Yes precious" Gimli left to his room and Glóin walked towards his wife. "This is going to be harder than we thought" "Aye, but it's done, we can't do anything about it now." "Are you sure it will go away?" "It cannot last forever, love. He will grow up and understand." Glóin sighed and started cleaning after kissing his wife. The door of Gimli's room closed behind him. The Dwarfling took his boots of and wriggled his toes free. "What did you do today, Gimli?" The melodious voice didn't startle Gimli. It was as if he knew all along that his friend was in his room. He had wondered at first how was it that he went in, without a key, without being seen, but he had asked Balin and he had said Elves had a little magic of their own, so that answered his question. He walked towards his bed and closed his shuts, letting only a streak of light leak inside his room. Both him and Kidhuzel liked darkness. "I learnt about smiting, like my Da. King Thorin and Fili and Kili came as well. The King says it's important that his nephews learn their crafts." said Gimli conversationally "What did you do today?" Kidhuzel's long legs were dangling over the edge of Gimli's bed, an he was looking at Gimli's ash stained boots. "Did you like smiting?" "Aye! I'm going to be a Master Smith when I grow up, and make beautiful swords for the soldiers, and a big dangerous axe for me" said Gimli beaming Kidhuzel smiled at the excitement of the Dwarf "I think you will be the best Smith, and that Orcs will flee from your axe!" The smaller boy flushed. Kidhuzel always had nice comments about him. He really couldn't think why anyone would dislike the Elf. "Kidhuzel, I want you to meet Fili, and Kili, and Ori." His friend looked excited for a moment, but it soon was gone and replaced with uncertainty. "But Gimli, what if they don't like me?" "Why wouldn't they like you?" "You said all Dwarves think Elves are bad" Gimli's mom's words came to his mind, as all the ugly comments of his father about the Elf, as all the comments of every Dwarf he knew about Elves. Gimli knew his cousins might not like Kidhuzel, but he wanted them to know him, and to make them like him, and if they did something bad to him, then they were the bad ones. "But you are not bad, I will tell them" "Alright Gimli!" "Do you want to play?" Kidhuzel studied Gimli for a second before shaking his head no "I'm tired, I ran through the whole forest before coming, may I sleep here?" "Sure! Your ma and da don't quarrel with you for staying here?" "No, I told them I'm with my friend" As of late, Kidhuzel had shared a little more of his life in the forest, and Gimli didn't have to ask Balin about how Elves lived anymore. The place where Kidhuzel lived was deep inside the forest, carved into it out of wood and stone. But not as the Dwarves carved. He said it was a very big place, where all Elves resided, and Gimli nodded happily and told Kidhuzel he knew that, because he went to Balin's house and the old Dwarf told him. "I want to go to your forest some day" "I would like to take you there" Kidhuzel smiled cheekily "I will take you to meet Fili and Kili and Ori, and you will take me to your forest." "I will!" "Promise?" "Yes, I promise Gimli!" Gimli nodded with excitement and crawled inside his covers, patting the empty space next to him, and Kidhuzel snuggled beside him. "Have a good night Gimli" "You too Kidhuzel" With that, both children closed their eyes, and as soon as sleep enveloped Gimli, Kidhuzel disappeared from the room.