the Elves had. Eventually, I suppose they just ran out of patience." Legolas said. The Elf had been careful not to reveal exactly what had happened to them to Estel but Boron understood. They had been stolen from the Elves. And now they were lost. "So how much is it?" Legolas said, changing the subject and attempting to recreate the happy, warm atmosphere Boron's shop usually held. "I am selling this exquisiteness for twenty eight gold coins." Boron said. Estel whistled. That was a lot of money. "A fair price." Legolas agreed then, to Boron and Estel's amazement, reached for his satchel. "I'll take it."… … "He bought it?" The Elven Lord interrupted. Estel grinned, bouncing off his foster father's lap and tugging on his hand, "Yep!" Elrond, stunned, got to his feet and followed the little boy who brought him straight to the Halls of Fire. There, above the great fire, there sat the Black Onyx Dragon, back in it's rightful place. "I believe that is where it used to sit." Legolas' musical voice danced around the halls, the echo accentuating the fact that the statue was finally back where it belonged. "Legolas! I … You …" The Elven Lord found he had no words to thank the young Elf who was now standing beside him, a large grin on his face. "I remembered visiting when I was very young and it had always sat there. I remember I loved to see it sparkle when the light caught it at just the right angles and when I saw it, I knew it needed to be brought back," He smiled, "It's a part of Rivendell, and belongs here." Elrond still had no words and so pulled the younger Elf into a hug, his grip like a vice, muttering his thanks over and over. Estel grinned to see his father so happy. He hadn't understood at the time why Legolas had spent so much money for it, after all, there had been other things that had caught the Elf's eye that had been much cheaper that he still hadn't bought. But now he understood. The Elven Lord released Legolas and proceeded to lift the young boy by his side into his arms. He kissed his forehead and, knowing that he spotted it, thanked him too. They stood, side-by-side, in peaceful silence, gazing at the glittering figurine. "My father told me," Legolas said, his voice music in the silence, "That each of the Dragons hold one of their traits in their making. That the stones they're made of each symbolises what the Elves see them to be." Elrond nodded, "'Tis true." he said. Estel frowned, "Like what?" He asked. "Black Onyx is supposed to help with will power," Elrond explained, "And so the symbol of the Black Onyx Dragon is that they are beings of immense power of will and heart." There was a pause as the Elven Lord fell silent in thought and so Legolas took over. "The Amethyst Dragon symbolises the anger and ferocity that the Elves saw in them. That one was made in Lothlorien where dragons could not enter and none had ever seen them. They had heard the tales of the fire they spat out and the lives they stole and so they chose to create their Dragon using amethyst as it's meant to combat aggression. The malachite in their eyes symbolises pain. Each Dragon's pain is different, though the stone is the same. The Lothlorien people's malachite eyes symbolises the pain the dragon sees as he rages." The little boy nodded, he understood. Dragons had always been powerful, angry creatures to him too. He feared ever having to meet, or worse, fight, a dragon and hoped that it would never happen. "It was the Elves of Mirkwood that made the other two Dragons. They made the Rhodonite Dragon and the Sunstone Dragon. The Rhodonite Dragon still sits in my father's Throne Room today, the only one that was never taken. Rhodonite is meant to help heal a broken heart. No one fully understands dragons but we believe that they've all broken hearts from loss. Their pain is their own, the pain they feel." The Elf's words struck something in Estel. He found he understood. Like any being with a heart, the dragons must also grieve. "And the Sunstone Dragon?" The boy tentatively asked. A faint smile danced across his lips. "The Sunstone was made for the Men. Sunstone lifts the spirit and we wished that they could see a dragon as doing the same. There's nothing like seeing a dragon in flight. They're beautiful, magnificent creatures and when they're flying, there's nothing that can stop the feelings of admiration and hope. We wished for the Men to see them like this too, but they never did. The pain here, is the pain of the Elves. Spirits are darkened to see the dragons destroyed and the Men continued to do so, even after our gift. When the other Dragons started to go missing, the Elves took the Sunstone Dragon back from the Men and it too remains in my father's Throne Room." Elrond smiled. Thranduil would often talk of the Dragons, he was sure, but there was one detail missing. "The pain in the eyes of the Black Onyx Dragon is the pain of all others who have never seen such a wondrous creature." He said, taking Estel by surprise. He had never thought that he would ever be sad to never see a dragon. He had spent his life wary of them and thankful that none resided near Rivendell but now he wasn't so sure he was thankful. The two Elves watched the boy, glad smiles spreading over their faces. The boy now understood that the purpose of a life was to see all it had to offer, to never forget that, like the dragons, everything belonged somewhere and that, like the Dragons, there was always someone waiting to help him back to where he belonged.