and was relieved to find it was Arwen. "Are you well?" she asked as Cellineth opened her door and gestured for Arwen to follow her in. Arwen stepped into the room, graceful as ever, and looked at her friend, waiting for an explanation. "Mother has decided to make her sea-journey," Cellineth explained, shutting the door behind her and looking around the room, trying to decide what was essential to take and what was not. "She has asked me to leave Rivendell and head South so I am not prematurely tempted by the sea myself. I have agreed." She smiled wistfully and looked at her friend then, knowing she would understand. "She is only trying to do what she feels is best," Arwen said, smoothing out the fabric of her dress before sitting down on a chair made of willow wood. "When do you leave?" "With the dawn," Cellineth said, laying a pack out on her bed, as well as a pair of saddlebags. She brought out two dresses and three tunics, leggings and riding breeches. She glanced at Arwen, seeing the surprise written on her face. "Had I known sooner than mere moments ago, I would have told you." "Of course," Arwen said, standing to fold and neatly place Cellineth's things that she had laid out in her pack. "Will you go to Lothl贸rien?" "Yes, that is my intention," Cellineth replied, nodding, before placing her lyre in a hard leather case to protect it from the journey ahead. She could not take her harp, so her lyre would have to do. "Give my harp to Uiloson, would you, please?" Arwen nodded and continued folding the fabrics. "Yes, I will. I am going to miss you dearly," she said, pausing her work to take Cellineth's hands in her own. "Are you sure L贸rien is the right place for you? Perhaps Mirkwood..?" she ventured, gazing at Cellineth in earnest. "No, I would go to L贸rien at this time. I am ready," Cellineth assured her. She knew that Arwen was only concerned for her because Haldir was there. Cellineth had met Haldir the last time she had been in Lothl贸rien, over a thousand years ago, now. Her parents had sent her South to 'expand her horizons and further her musical knowledge.' She had met Haldir within the first few weeks of her arrival, and they had developed a fast friendship, which had quickly evolved into a romance. They had been a fine match, she and Haldir. Everyone had said as much, and she had known it, too. Neither of them had been afraid or shy about their affections, but when Cellineth's time came to go back to Rivendell, he had not asked her to stay, and so she went. They had corresponded for a number of years, but that had dwindled until it stopped altogether. Cellineth could feel Arwen studying her closely, but she chose to ignore it, saying, "I crossed paths today with a messenger who said he bore news for your father. Do you know if he received it?" "Yes, I was there when he received it, in fact. Though it was not good news, I'm afraid. The messenger was Legolas Greenleaf, bringing news from his father that the creature Gollum had escaped Mirkwood, and he is nowhere to be found," Arwen said, shaking her head slightly. "He had help escaping, or else he would not have managed it." "Legolas? That is dark news, indeed, if Thranduil would send his own son," agreed Cellineth, tying up her pack and securing her saddlebag buckles. "...I will write to you." Arwen smiled lightly. "I know you will. Travel safely, Cellineth... And please, do not get lost!" The pair laughed for a moment and embraced before separating. "I should depart," Cellineth said, suddenly reluctant to go. Her whole life was here. She supposed she could come back in a few months' time, after her mother had been safely borne away. She mentally checked that she had everything she needed in the way of provisions, and finding that she did, said farewell to Arwen before heading to where her horse was stabled. The sun had set, and Cellineth wondered briefly at her own rashness. Travelling at night was dangerous enough, but to travel alone and at night was unwise. Still, her pride prevented her from turning back as she walked into the stable. The quiet munching sounds coming from the horses as they ate straw, and the swishing of their tails and the stamping of their feet had a calming effect on Cellineth. There were lanterns hanging from the rafters, so the stable was illuminated softly and she could see quite clearly. Cellineth noticed a groom sitting on the ground, reading a book of poetry. She murmured a greeting to him as she set her things down outside of a stall, which he returned politely. She unlatched the stall door which she had placed her provisions near, and was greeted with a whicker from a dapple grey mare. the horse had fine lines, and a long sloping neck. She had been a gift from her mother only recently. Cellineth stroked the mare's neck affectionately. "We are going on a journey, Sirdal," Cellineth whispered. "I must get you ready." She slipped a bridle over the mare's ears, and placed a blanket and a light, thin saddle on her back before leading her out of the stable. Cellineth secured her provisions before mounting. The night seemed to swallow her wholly as she rode away from the light of the stable, leaving her home behind. A/N: Well, there's Chapter one! Hope you enjoyed reading it. Sorry if it was terribly long. I was attempting to get in relevant information and find a good stopping point. For my Elvish phrases that came up, I used . I didn't do any of it myself. Also I don't own the world of Middle-Earth, or any of the characters her created. Please don't be shy and leave a review, favorite, or follow!