Elrond's voice grew soft, and he lifted Arwen higher in his hold. "To abandon them at such young ages to fate." It was clear he thought about the Adar who sailed away when he and Elros were only five years old. "He had little choice." Glorfindel said. "The world was a different more dangerous place. If no one had gone to seek the aid of the Valar, his family would have perished." "True," Elrond said. "Yet, I would never wish such a difficult choice, such a heavy duty on anyone. I am thankful that Arwen will grow through childhood in a time of peace." "I think that is why so many are having their children now." Celebrian said through a yawn. She rose slowly from her seat and bent to take Arwen. Elrond finished his last sip of wine and rose too. "Now, my grown sons, I have a duty to ask of you both." Elrond smiled at their wary looks. "Can you lead the festivities in the Hall of Fire tonight? I fear we are too weary to attend." Elladan and Elrohir happily agreed and wished their parents a good night. "Sleep well little elflings." Elrohir teased as he kissed his Naneth on the cheek. Glorfindel raised an eyebrow as if to promise to watch over the twins. With that Elrond and Celebrian meandered up to their rooms. The bed had been readied for them, and soft candles lit the room. Elrond took Arwen as Celebrian washed and readied for bed. Then he set the babe in his wife's arms. Little Arwen suckled slowly and lazily at Celebrian's breast. Unlike her brothers, she always took her time once her initial hunger was sated. She would soon be lulled into a sleepy daze then fall into a deeper sleep. Celebrian felt awe, wonder and love as she beheld her beautiful babe. Elrond, now changed and ready for bed, joined them on the couch, his aura offering additional love and support to her. They sat there enjoying the peaceful solitude until finally Arwen sighed in contentment and released the nipple. Elrond took the sleeping babe and lovingly wrapped her in the soft blanket before settling her in the crook of his arms. Celebrian yawned as she adjusted her tunic and leaned back against her husband. She heard a silent prayer ring in his mind as he beheld their daughter. " Dear Ilúvatar, thank you for blessing my family. Please, watch over Arwen and help her spirit to grow." "What troubles you El-nin? Did Glorfindel's teasing hit close to the mark? Something happened today that has not happened since the twins were very young. It was due to Lúthien's heritage, was it not?" Silver eyes looked up at her perceptiveness. They were filled with love yet held self-doubt. "Yes," he acknowledged succinctly. "Like the incident when the twins were two, though it is difficult to explain in words." "Share it with me." Although they were both exhausted, she would not leave this worry to cloud his dreams. She leaned in to steal a kiss before he opened his mind to her. She saw Arwen's distress and felt his concern as the distinctive songs of Arwen's fëa move out of rhythm into cacophony – almost as if they were fighting with each other. He focused on one of these melodies, which was deceptively soft though its depth belied its inherent power. She sat agape as the images played in her head: his spirit reach out to Arwen's, offering unselfish strength that the child drank thirstily of. Under the soft song of the Mallorn, Elrond's efforts to sooth Arwen bore fruit, and the melodies slid back into harmony. She felt Elrond's ambiguity about his mysterious heritage and his guilt that this heritage brought pain to his children. "It is part of growing and developing. Let go of your guilt." She urged him. "All children – elven and peredhil alike experience such things. For the twins, it happened but twice in all these years. Surely, that is not unusual?" " Peredhil!" The word reverberated in his head with dark connotations. Many had used it to curse and insult him, thinking him a mongrel. No mention was ever made about the fay part of his heritage. The mysterious and powerful ways of the Maiar instilled fear in others. Apart from Sauron, no Maiar had been seen in these lands since the War of Wrath. " Beloved!" Celebrian stressed the word as she took his face in her hands. "Even from our earliest days of our courtship, I could sense the richness of your spirit. Traits from three kindred's entwined and united to make you, my beloved. Is that not the mystery of new life? A rich and unique combination of what has come before?" When he would protest, she kissed him soundly. "Beloved, I love all of you. This mysterious essence that you hide, does it not bless this valley with its nurturing air?" Elrond looked stunned at her declaration. "It is a gift, but perhaps not an easy gift when they are babes." She turned and drew him into an embrace, careful not to disturb their sleeping daughter. "We will nurture and help her just like we did for the twins." She led him to their oversized bed. Little Arwen was place in the center, for she slept flanked on either side by her parents, as was their custom. Elven parents were always attune to the babe's needs unlike parents of Edain, who stowed their children in cradles for safety. "I love you Celebrian." Elrond ran his hands through her hair as he bestowed an amorous kiss, fully opening his heart and soul to her. The kiss lingered, and Celebrian sighed contentedly at its end more than ready to slip into pleasant dreams. Elrond lifted her as if she weighed little more than their daughter and gently laid her on the bed. Drawing the covers around her, he whispered, "sweet dreams, beloved." "Sweet dreams El-nin."