countries don't exist. Actually, I'm positive that they don't." A gunshot rang from outside, and I looked out the window to see Lee shooting at three approaching zombies. "Kat, go help him out, will ya?" Without another word, she was out there bashing zombies in the head. I turned back to the men and studied them closely. "Look, I'm convinced that you're crazy, but that really doesn't matter right now. You've got the little guys to protect, and we could use some more muscle. Come with us for now, and we'll sort things out later. We'll just have to find a globe, first..." Of course, no one answered me at first, because they were all watching the zombie battle going on in the parking lot. Kat was using Leon as bait while she picked of any zombies that came near him. After clearing my throat, Aragorn finally answered. "We have no other choice. Lead the way." "What about Gandalf?" Frodo grabbed the man's shoulder, looking ticked and worried. "We cannot leave him behind!" Legolas, the man with the ridiculous sculpted ears, stepped forward and whispered quietly into Aragorn's ear. He spoke in an odd language that I had never heard of before. It sounded nothing like French or Spanish, and the accent didn't resemble any other modern languages that I'd heard. If anything, it sounded like Old Norse. Yepp. These guys are nerds. Aragorn nodded silently to his friend, exchanging looks with Boromir, as well. "We go with the women. At present, they are our only sources of information. Gandalf is wise and powerful; he will find his way back to Rivendell. As for us, we must rely on our own resources." Amid many complaints from the hobbits and Gimli, I led the group out into the sunlight. Let me tell you, it was like taking Amazon tribesmen into New York City. The hobbits studied everything with wide, fearful eyes, yet there was a curiosity in them that was evident. The men, however, did their best to keep on their poker-faces, even though their eyes continued to study their surroundings in amazement. Not much to look at, if you ask me. A couple of old power lines and an abandoned pit-stop. Grass was sprouting through cracks in the pavement, and the buildings had a clear veil of dirt on their faded walls. It was no Mona Lisa. Lee looked up to us from where he sat on the hood of his car. His hazel eyes brightened considerably at the sight of our newcomers. "More survivors!" He exclaimed, wiping sweat from his prow. He hopped down from his car and strode over to the men, extending his hand for a handshake. "Leon Rodgers. You can call me Lee, though. I've gotta say, it's great to see that we're not the only ones alive..." While the men got acquainted, I turned to Kat, who was sneakily putting on perfume behind the car. With a humored eye-roll, I snatched the perfume from Kat and tossed it back into the trunk. "Go get some more food. We're traveling with these men for a few days." "Oh, really?" She raised an eyebrow and gave the men quick once-overs. "Well, dreams do come true." "Please, don't make me regret inviting them." I don't need Lily exposed to anything too... Adult. Kat gave me an innocent pout. "What are you talking about, June bug?" She then gave me a quick wink before heading back to the store. That woman will be the death of us all. With a sigh, I knocked on the car's back window. "Lily, you can come out, now." My little sister peeked her blue eyes through the window, scanning her surroundings. They stopped at the hobbits, wide and amazed. "Elves!" She cried, hopping out of the car door and running for the little ones, who greeted her with big smiles. "We're not elves, milady!" Sam gave her a shy smile. "We're hobbits!" Merry chirped. I rolled my eyes. Hobbits, indeed. "So, where are you guys from?" Lee asked the men, who were eyeing a fallen zombie suspiciously. "We can finish introductions, later." I sighed, cutting in on Lee's guy-time. Poor man's got to feel terrible, having to spend every day surrounded by women and zombies. "Right now, we've got to find a new car." Lee's eyes brightened. Cars were his thing. "Of course! What kind of car do you guys prefer? We've got room for one more in our car, and I'm sure that we could find you guys a mini-van, somewhere..." Okay, now I've got to break it to him. "Actually, Lee, I was thinking that we'd just get a big trailer for all of us..." Lee blinked. "You mean, for you to drive, and I'll follow you in my car?" Sigh... "No, I mean for you, too." The man looked like he was about to have a heart attack. "I'm not getting rid of my car! I've had it since I first learned how to drive!" "I know, I know! But you're the best driver we've got! We need you with us!" "No, no, no!" "Come on, Lee! Please!" I begged. "We can't get separated! The group has to stick together. Your car can't make it much farther." "My car is fine!" He huffed, getting in the driver's seat and slamming the door. He put the key in the ignition and turned it. The car didn't start. Wow... Perfect timing! Lee tried again, looking like he was ready to cry. No luck. The little devil on my shoulder smiled. "Fine..." Lee sighed, slamming the car door behind him. "There's a camp site not too far from here. We could get there by nightfall if we left now." "How do you know all of this?" Kat asked, returning with her hands full of bags. Lee shrugged. "My grandparents used to live around here. I traveled a lot, back then." Hey, at least someone knows what they're doing. "Lead the way, my friend!"