well aware of that, but now that I am finally his betrothed, the pain became real, tangible. I went up into the hallowed hills with my father the day before he left and we talked long into the night. We knew that this was not the last bitter ending yet; and I hope that it will not come for years yet. When my folk finally left for the Western Shores, though, I felt something break within me. But I knew that such a feeling would come, and I was prepared. If it was only a little. The years pass by quickly. This time, however, I am able to grasp onto it, live it to its fullest. Everything it could offer to me I accepted gratefully. I never wasted a second, living life to its fullest like I never did before. My Estel and I had a beautiful son and six daughters, each and every one of them as precious as mithril gems, though I will never part with my children even if they give me every treasure in this world! I feel so lucky, not just that I am the beloved Queen of both Gondor and Arnor, but the simple fact that I am Estel's wife, and we had healthy children. I don't know how I could live on without them. The time has come. It seemed too fast for me, but try as I might, I could not bear to beg him to stay a little longer. We walk silently through the House of Kings, our daughters having paid him their last respects. Eldarion our son walked at my Estel's left side, and I on his right. Estel laid himself on his last bed and gave our son the crown and the sceptre, and bade him farewell. I guess perhaps my son must have felt our need for privacy, so Eldarion left me kneeling beside my Estel, holding his hands. I begged him now, tears flowing freely from my eyes. He told me that it was my choice if I were to stay or leave. But I knew better; that choice was long over. My doom was sealed when we plighted our troth at Cerin Amroth. My Estel smiled at me; but even as he took my hand and kissed it, he fell into a deep sleep, never to awaken again. I knew then the last bitter ending had come for me; and I will roam this world until Death comes to claim me. I take leave of my son and daughters and flee into Lothlorien. I cannot bear to stay in the place which holds so many painful memories of me and Estel. And so I dwelt in Lorien, alone. My kin had long passed away with Lady Galadriel, my grandmother, and this place was but a dim shadow of its former glory. The years pass by in a blur again. I cared not, for the faster my end comes, the happier I am. There is nothing in this harsh, cold world that I cared anymore. These years were like harsh winter nights to me; no warmth, no love. I walk to Cerin Amroth, Estel's cloak hugged tightly to my chest. I spread the brown cloth on the grass without the tiny golden flowers, dusted by golden mallorn leaves. I look once again into the east, where the Shadow had been once. It was clear and bright. Then I look into the west, where all my kin had passed away. It was bathed in a golden hue. But it is truly with my Estel that I will be alive again. I laid myself on his cloak and closed my eyes. My time had indeed come. And I embraced it fearlessly, knowing that I would see my dear Estel again. An eagle cried once in the distance, and then everything was quiet. A quiet calm settled over me. My end had indeed come. I hear the wind whistling over my ears, the seagulls crying and wailing. I listen intently; I never knew that I could come to love those harsh sounds! I open my eyes and smile. I am on a ship, and silver spray splashes against my body. My raven hair whips around my face as the wind plays with it. A mist clouds the horizon ahead. I could not see through it. I wonder what secrets it would hold. The glass-like mist draws aside and I cry out softly as I glimpsed white shores, and beyond them, a far green country under a swift sunrise. But that was not what caught my eyes, no. Before me, on the silvery shores, was a figure that I would know anywhere. He smiles. I smile back. We've gathered, and we've parted. He came back to me once, against all odds, and left me again in his death, but this time it is I who came to him. And this time, there will be no parting between us. I run down the lowered plank of the ship, picking up my skirts as not to wet them. I see him running to me too, and I run even faster, tears of laughter in my eyes. I laughed as he gathered me in his arms. I bury my nose in his hair as he kissed me, savouring the familiar scents of rain and pine and dirt. His scents . Tears streak down my face, and he wiped them away. There are no tears in this country , he tells me and I laugh, pure joy and bliss unfelt in a century-long wait. There will be no parting again, sweet Estel. This is truly the end; but this is also the beginning. The End. A/N: This is the first time I tried my hand on such a thing, and this work is virtually unbetaed, so please forgive me for any spelling errors, wrong timelines, etc, etc. =) Thank you for taking the time to read this. Constructive criticism is very much appreciated. Please R&R!