have many places such as this in my world." Aragorn nodded, and we resumed our silence. After a while, he spoke again. "Tell me of your home." "Well," I began, scrunching my eyebrows together as I thought of where I should start. I must've talked for hours. Once you get me going, I'll never shut up. My family takes to ignoring me after a few minutes, but Aragorn was very nice. He sat there patiently and listened to me rant about various historical moments, smiling at the appropriate moments and asking questions about things he didn't understand. All in all, a pretty decent moment. "Your world is definately a wonder." He said as I finished up with an explanation about cars and airplanes. "Meh, it's alright. I like it better here, though." He walked me to my new room and he smiled at me before leaving me for the night. "I am happy that you like it, here." He began, awkwardly. Is he blushing? Oh no. "I'm glad that you are staying, goodnight, Jane." He kissed my hand and walked away... Well, poop. When I woke up I was back in my room. Heather was still snoring away, and I looked at my clock. It was noon. Damn it, it was all a dream. I sighed and sat up. Wait a second... I shot up and looked at my clothes. I wasn't wearing my sweats anymore, instead I was wearing my nightgown from Rivendell. It wasn't a dream! That day couldn't have gone any slower. If what I was wearing passed with me between worlds, then surely I could sneak a bunch of my modern crap into Middle Earth, right? I got on my computer and printed out tons of pictures of things I thought that Aragorn may like- airplanes, cars, guns, nuclear explosions, gorillas (strangely, he's never heard of them. I guess they don't have them, there), basically everything that would entertain a 2 year old. I shoved them into a folder and packed it into my bag, along with my I-Pod, I-Pad, some men's cologne (what the hell, right?), and whatever else I could get my hands on. When night came, I couldn't sleep. Curse you, insomnia. Eventually, I did fall asleep, and I woke up laying in my room in Rivendell, clutching my bag for dear life. "YES!" I shouted, and ran out of the room to find someone to show my cool modern stuff to. I didn't get far before I slammed into someone while turning the corner. "I am so sorry!" I scrambled to my feet, and looked up to see Aragorn. "Jane?" He looked at me in disbelief. "Hey! Estel, guess what! Last night, when I fell asleep, I woke up in my world! So I figured that I'd bring you some stuff from my world, in case I somehow came back in my sleep again, and I did! So now I can finally show you a gorilla!" I dug through my oversized back to find the folder, and Aragorn just continued to look at me in disbelief. "Stop looking at me like that, you're killing my excitement." "Jane..." He shook his head and blinked, as if unable to see clearly. "Jane, you've been gone for six months..." I stopped digging through my bag and looked up at him slowly. "What? No, that's impossible.. When I woke up in my world it was only the next morning!" He shook his head and frowned. "I'm afraid it's true. We thought you had left in the night." He smiled, then, took my hand. "But I am so glad that you are back, and you brought a gorilla!" "No, no no!" The look on his face was priceless, he was so excited about that gorilla. "I brought you a picture!" I whipped out my gorilla photo, and he just stared at it. His eyebrows furrowed together, and he studied the picture carefully. "It looks like a very hairy orc." Wow, Aragorn. Off all the things to say about a gorilla, you compare it to an orc. You fruitloop. "Actually, it's closely related to man. Way cooler than an orc. We don't even have orcs." Aragorn's eyes shot up. "No orcs?" "Nope." "And you say you don't like your world!" He looked through the rest of my photos, and I whipped out my ipod. "What is that?" I handed it to him, and he studied it. He pressed the play button accidentaly and the screen lit up, causing him to jump and throw the ipod down. "Damn it, Estel!" While picking up my luckily unharmed ipod, I marveled at how wonderful I was at avoiding calling him Aragorn. It shouldn't be too long, now, until he finds out his true heritage. He said it was six months later, right? That makes this... February the thirteenth! "CRAP!" "What, what happened?" Aragorn looked around frantically, expecting something to be wrong. "Tomorrow's Valentine's day! And my best friend's birthday! If I don't get her anything I'm screwed!" "What is... Valentine's day?" I looked up at him. Wow... He's a tall one. "You guys don't have that? Well, I guess not, since St. Valentine isn't real here." Note to self, teach elves about Christmas. Heck, maybe even Halloween. "It's a holiday in my world. You buy something for someone you care about, and sometimes you give your friends cards, or flowers, or gifts if you feel like it." "Ah, I see." Was his short response. Second note to self. Middle Earthians don't like holidays. Or love. I pulled out my portable speaker and plugged my ipod in. I laid it down on a bench and started playing some Yiruma. Why would I want to start him off on something radical like Lady Gaga? The guy's nineteen, I don't want to corrupt him just yet. Speaking of, our favorite young Ranger jumped at the sound of the piano playing. "Where is that coming from?" I just smiled. "Don't worry about it. Just listen."