in Middle Earth that still hold to things that remain good have come, and we will be discussing many matters, including that of the Ring." "It is not an open council then?" "No, Cristiel. You may not sit in and take part this time." She nodded, disappointed, and sunk into a cushioned chair. "At least now I know why I have suddenly been feeling this way. It is hard to accept that this Evil still lurks. I almost do not want to." "One way or another, every person in Middle Earth will have to face this Evil," said Gandalf. "Whether it be simply coming to grips with it or taking up a sword, everyone will be affected. The whole world will change." "Thank you for telling me the truth now, instead of letting me find out the hard way later." "Cristiel, I do not think those were Master Elrond's intentions." "No, that was not what I had intended at all, forgive me. I did not think the time was right, but apparently, the time was right, and here you are now with full knowledge of this Evil. Whatever you do, do not speak openly of it in public places, less rumors should fly and scare many into believing fairy tales of dragons and other nameless things." "I do need to learn to keep my mouth shut." Elrond almost smiled. "Yes... I think you've kept us long enough. Why don't you go find Tawariel and assure her that everything will be just fine." "Of course. Thank you for your time, my lord. And Gandalf, it was a pleasure to see you again." "Always, dear girl." She forced a smile to reassure them that she was not too deeply troubled by this news and quietly shut the door behind her. As she walked down the curved hall, she felt that the burden resting on her heart would remain there for quite some time. -- October 24 Several uneventful days passed and Cristiel began to grow restless. The council was the next day, and she knew she was not allowed to sit in and listen, but her head told her it would be alright if she did a little eavesdropping. Perhaps she would gain a bit of useful information from the meeting, although, she decided, it would probably end up stretching out for several long hours and grow dull due to the number of foreigners that would take part. She said nothing of her idea to Tawariel and retired to her quarters early after dinner. To her slight dismay, the elf came knocking on her door only a few minutes later. She let her in and they relaxed awhile, speaking of things that were truly of little importance to Cristiel. She listened half-heartedly to Tawariel's chatter about Lindir and the necklace he had given her the day before, and casually walked outside onto her small balcony. It overlooked the entrance to Rivendell, but was hidden among the trees so that some privacy was still afforded. There was only one spot on the far end that a person on the ground might see who was standing on the balcony, but this was a rare occurrence. Night was falling. The sun was hidden almost exclusively behind the mountains surrounding the valley and a cool fog was settling, chilling the evening air with its humidity. Somewhere in the distance, she heard the sound of galloping hooves pounding steadily into the ground. She strained to see where they were coming from as the sound grew louder with each beat. Suddenly, a single horse and rider came through the gate at the entrance and halted in the courtyard, a blurry silhouette shrouded in gray mist. The rider dismounted slowly and watched as an elf led his horse away to the stables. She watched curiously as he was greeted by Elrond, then was led up some stairs and towards the living quarters. Cristiel's mind leaped back to Tawariel as the elf placed herself in her line of sight, hands on her hips. "Are you listening to me? Or are you staring at Rivendell's most recent newcomer?" Cristiel protested by pushing past her to the railing and was startled at once. The newcomer was completely visible now, standing on the staircase and engaging in conversation with Elrond. He was, in fact, a Man, tall and well built, his hair windblown and dark, framing his handsome features well. His rich clothes were stained with signs of rough travel, and an ivory horn trimmed in silver hung at his side. "Cristiel, what are you doing? I am trying to talk to you!" said Tawariel, somewhat louder than she had intended. To Cristiel's chagrin, the elf's commotion had been heard in the courtyard, and the man glanced up for a source to the noise, his eyes landing on her. They held eye contact for a split second, then Cristiel turned away and ran inside her quarters, Tawariel following. "Will you please answer me? What in Arda's name—" "Tawariel, that man was extremely handsome, and I have never seen one more so. I am sorry for ignoring you, but to tell you the truth, I was mesmerized." "Of course, for a few seconds. Very well. Find out who he is. You should meet him!" "Don't be so rash! I would never dare approach a man on my own like you say. He would think me a whore!" "You worry too much, Cristiel. Perhaps he shall notice you." Cristiel gave her friend a sideways stare, then burst out laughing. She fell onto her bed and flung a pillow at her friend, who shrieked and flew at the girl in return. Later, while sweeping away the feathers on the floor of her bedchamber, Cristiel made a mental note to collect a few newly stuffed pillows. -- 2nd Author's Note: Flame or don't. I think it's an improvement, but we shall see, eh? Oh and don't think I haven't fixed her Mary Sue-ish tendancies . . .