tale, but Tom stopped her, saying, "No, fair Goldberry, the story wants for telling. Few now know its every verse, perhaps you and I only. Friends, I'll sing a lay for you, though Old Tom did not write it. The Entwives' Garden it was called, and long it has now been since I last did tell the tale in full, but still I can rememb'r it." He paused a moment, and then began a slow, solemn chant, unlike anything the hobbits had ever heard him sing: x A tithe of Entwives came across the Anduin In long years past, From Dargolad they fled. For war engulfed the Entwives' home, Some few escaped, The most were burnt and dead. They fled beyond the evil's reach, And sought the Ents, But knew they not What way the land of Tree-herds lay; And so they sought Every which way The path which into Fangorn led. x A score of years the Entwives searched in vain Until, at last, They did despair and rue. "The Ents are lost," they spoke aloud, "And we unhomed, What now are we to do?" And council held the Entwives then, And long they spoke In Entish tongue. No mortal song could tell their pain, For without hope And without home They anguished, until spoke Greenhue. x "The Ents are gone, so speak we not of them, Great is the loss, But we are yet alive! Behold the land in which we be: Is it not good? For here, cannot we thrive? The land is filled with rolling hills And grassy downs And running streams. Though forests lie on every side This land is pure And clean its air, This place is beauteous and alive! x If we did chose to cultivate this land And govern it With wisdom and in love, A stunning garden could we grow And there could live. The glistening stars above Would stop their circling, standing still Amazed to see The sight below So great our garden's beauty'd be! The west'ring sun Would rise back up For but another look and us." x Then Earthfoot raised her voice, and to them said, "Hark unto me, O sisters in distress! I do not think the Ents are gone, But still I hold That Greenhue's plan is best! This land, of truth, is ripe for growth; With little work It soon could shine! And would a lovely garden known Throughout the world And told in song Not bring the Ents to us at last?" x The Entwives of a single mind agreed, And settled in, A new life for to build. The land soon burst with rare flowers And amber grass In fields newly tilled. Their husbands ne're returned to them, But time went by, And as it did The Entwives soon forgot the Ents And loved the land With all their hearts And felt no yearning unfulfilled. x Their garden burst with berry-bushes tall, Of blueberry, Elderberry, And dozens more besides. Sweet-smelling apple trees there were With blossoms white To line the riversides. Their garden was the fairest yet, Eclipsing that Which once they'd made. "So fair is it that care is lost And joy is found With every step." The Entwives said with pride. x But though the land was fairest in the world, And was beloved By those who came and saw, The Evil one who does not sleep Heard word of it, And thought to bring its fall. And so it came to pass one year While Entwives went About their ways, The Dark one's armies marched to war, And rank on rank Bent to destroy The land, and those who walked it tall. x The Entwives were caught blind and unawares, And fell they each Before the Dark one's might. Alone, they could not stem the tide, And one by one Were slain in desperate fight. If only they had known ahead! And gathered they Against the flood. But such was not the fate which came, And every one Was burnt and ruined On that disastrous night. x O Brakenroot! O Dewstep and Leafeye! Struck down in flame To smolder through the night. O Willowdroop and Eldrichbud! Dismembered by Cruel axes in the fight. O Greenhue, overwhelmed at last, With ten score orcs Slain by her hand. O Earthroot, last of all, alone, Upon the hill, One final stand, Then fell in hated fire bright. x All that was left within the mortal world Of their being: The garden they had made. The Dark one would have then destroyed This final trace, And their long work betrayed. No sign would there be to be found Of that which once Had been so fair. But fortune smiled upon the land, For might foes The Dark one fought, And so his army was destroyed. x It pleased then Ilúvatar on high To find new folk The garden for to mend. And came the race of tunnel-folk Out of the east, And settled in that land. And grace was seated in that folk Who tended thus The Entwives' home. And so the Entwives' beauty lives Still, to this day, Within the Shire The land the hobbits yet do tend. x The Entwives' garden Is gone, They are past. But the land lasts, And still The garden lives. The entwives died, No more They roam. The Entwives live And still They step In every hobbit's stride. x For a long while after he finished, there was utter silence in the house of Tom Bombadil. No words were needed. Merry sat still, and gave no sign of his inner thoughts. Tears ran down Pippin's cheeks, but his breathing was slow and steady, and he made no sound. Eventually, Goldberry stood. "Let me show you to beds for the night," she said. "Tomorrow, Tom will show you back to the Gate." I---------- "What happened to them is not recorded…But I think in fact that the Entwives had disappeared for good…" .- The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien, #144