Cirdan shook his head. "I will find him. He has taken to keeping a guard around him." "A step he should have done centuries ago because of his position." Cirdan observed, watching Glorfindel depart. It was a short walk past the funeral pyre. Glorfindel paused a moment to add a prayer to Elbereth. Then he headed out towards the spot where the black gate once stood. Four guards kept watched over a lone figure. The tall proud shape of the peredhel stood stoically in the darkness. "Lord Glorfindel!" One of the guards greeted him. Thaurn, if he rightly recalled. "Lord Elrond requested that we guard his privacy. He bid us to let no one approach." The wind swirled curiously around them, seeking and probing. Glorfindel watched the figure in the distance but there was no sign that Elrond was aware of his presence. Perhaps few really knew the peredhel well. Only a handful could recognize the torment in the silver eyes at the memorial service. Only a few were privy to the full depth of his character: his fierce loyalty, his biting wit, his deep caring. But Glorfindel, blessed with insight from the west, could recognize the depth of injury to Elrond's spirit and he was fearful for him. "I wish only to check on him." Glorfindel said softly. The guard bit his lip as if contemplating how to delicately voice something that he knew would give offence to the renowned warrior. "He asked specifically that you not approach." The guard replied, deciding that forwardness was the simplest path. He did not want to wake the balrog-slayers ire. But surprisingly the Golden Lord shook his head slowly and asked in a soft voice. "Did he appear well?" "As well as any of us." Thaurn replied. "He said something about requiring solitude." Glorfindel looked questioningly, but the guard could offer no further comments. Indeed, it appeared that Elrond stood as if in a trance, gazing quietly out to the ruins of the black tower. A slight breeze swirled around the still figure, rustling his robes and braids. Glorfindel watched for a long time and then turned to the sentry. "Keep him safe." "Of course, my Lord." Xxxxxxxx "Glorfindel!" Erestor shook the Vanya urgently. "Glorfindel!" "What is it?" The Vanya yawned blinking. "Can you not feel it?" Erestor would not dare disclose more. They had been sworn to secrecy. But his eyes displayed his agitation. Glorfindel sat up and closed his eyes, focusing on his surroundings. It was then that he noticed the faint metallic ring of power carried on the wind. His heart sped in response. To wield a ring of power required a singleness of mind and spirit. The events of yesterday surely had robbed Elrond of that, for the Herald had witness the horror of Gil-Galad's death and experienced brutality at the hands of the human prince, who was sworn to be an ally - a shield brother. To wield a ring now was to risk further injury to his spirit. "Elrond?" "I do not know. Come." They had barely made it out of the tent when Cirdan and Celeborn approached. Apparently, the two also detected the faint signs. "Where is Elrond?" The Mariner said gruffly. "I left him with a guard overlooking the black gate. He stood in reflection. I know not what he was contemplating." Glorfindel said. They belted on their swords and Glorfindel led them back to where he had left the guards. He was surprised to see that the guards had changed. Now no less than ten barred their way. Elrond still stood in the distance. The wind howled around them. "Lord Elrond requested that no one interrupt him." "When did he last talk with you?" "An hour before dawn." "I think it wise that you allow Glorfindel to pass." The Mariner ordered. Few dare disobey a direct order from the Lord of the Haven. Glorfindel approached. The power radiating from the elf in front of him was palpable. Silently he stepped closer but in a blur of motion and strength, Elrond had knocked the warrior from his feet. A blade pressed close to his larynx. Glorfindel shivered when he realized his mistake of approaching unannounced. Elrond's silver eyes were not even focused on him but remained peering out towards the ruins. "Elrond, it is I, Glorfindel." He whispered. The blade shook slightly drawing a drop of blood. "Quiet, Vanya! You place yourself in peril by disregarding orders." The blade drew away. "Be silent. I listen to voices crying out for aid." The elf Lord paused then added softly in an anguished voice. "Where are they?" Elrond stood and returned to his original position. The wind churned agitatedly around them. Glorfindel stood and moved near to his Lord, guarding him in silence. He feared for Elrond's sanity. "Could the peredhel really hear voices?" He wondered. He felt the peredhel unleash the power of Vilya. Gil-Galad had gifted him the ring in secret. Only a handful of elves knew of its existence and even fewer were aware that the Herald bore it. Many times in the early years of the war Glorfindel watched the elf before him scout for information using the ring. He shivered as he recalled those dark days when he fearfully sat with his dagger ready, lest his friend fall to Sauron's will. He had sworn to send him swiftly to Mandos' care instead of risking him falling victim to the dark ones designs. Here, now he could feel the power that Elrond commanded. It rang through him, impressing upon him yet again how strong Eärendil's son had become. The war had forged him into a fearsome weapon. Gil-Galad had chosen Elrond to wield the ring, the most powerful of the three. " For what purpose?" Glorfindel agonized. "What does he seek?" The wind raged against the sandstones, grinding relentlessly at the remaining structures. It was searching unceasingly for something. Glorfindel resolved to stay at Elrond's side and face whatever tasks lay ahead.