Ringwraiths ride in on their fell beast to help finish the job but are turned away by the coming of Gwahir and many great eagles. During this very hour, Frodo and Sam reach the Cracks of Doom, they were ambushed by Gollum and Frodo finally surcame to the corruption of the Ring. Seeing the Ring so close to Mount Doom, he sent the three remaining Ringwraiths to Mount Doom. However they were too late. As Gollum fell into the Cracks of Doom with his beloved precious so was Sauron destroyed, vanishing into the Void. Mount Doom erupted, bringing with it the remaining Ringwraiths and most of the Orcish Armies. Now, the Ring of Power has been destroyed. Its dark magic exists no longer nor does its temptations over the minds of men. Where Isildur failed Frodo succeeded. On the 25th of March, in the year 3019 of the Third Age, the One Ring fell into the Cracks of Doom and was destroyed, what should've happened an age ago. Frodo and Sam escaped a fiery end when Gandalf riding Gwahir and his brother took them up from the burning mountain and to Minas Tirith. The Ring of Doom ended that day and the forces of Mordor fled from their own dark home. Manyof the Forces of Mordor fell into the abyss that day, but there was a good thousand that did escape. Though King Elessar of Gondor tried to exterminate them all indeed a few managed to escape. These few fled to Mount Gundabad in the Grey Mountains. They sought a leader, one who could bring their dying race back, and indeed the found one, Dúr-shalafi, which mean in Quenya, Black Master. He greatly increased the orcish forces in sixty years, making their numbers grow at a rate which would have impressed even Sauron. Despite this, they remained undetected by the forces of Arnor and they were allowed to rebuild the great citadel of Carn Dûm back to its former glory though without the dark lord it didn't have the dark power like that of Minas Morgul or Barad-dûr. While these orcs remained hidden many things began to happen in the outside world. King Elessar and Lady Arwen celebrated marrage and the three elven ringbearers: Elrond, Galadriel, and Gandalf, along with Lord Celeborn and the two hobbit ringbearers, Bilbo and Frodo crossed the sea to Valinor, the Undying Lands, but not after defeating Saruman at the Shire along with his ruffians, finally ending the War of the Ring. Afterward, Eomer became King of Rohan and Legolas and Gimli started traveling the world together. Gimli eventually founded a dwarf colony in the Glittering Caves of Helm's Deep and Legolas passed by the sea giving him the urge to pass to the Undying Lands. Later, King Elessar and Queen Arwen had child, Prince Eldarion, son of King Aragorn, grandson of Lord Elrond, and great-grandson of the Lady Galadriel. With this heritage, once he became king he'd become master of Gondor, Arnor, and the elven lands, save Mirkwood, which was still under the control of the wood elves lead by King Thranduil. The hobbit, Samwise the Brave, had married his beloved Rose and became master of Bag-end, Frodo and Bilbo's previous home. He became mayor of the Shire seven times in his life. Meriadoc Brandybuck, another hobbit of the Fellowship and the esquire of Rohan, became master of Buckland, and Perigrin Took became the Counsellor of the Northern-kingdom. Then on the 29th of September, in the year 3021 of the Third Age, Frodo, Bilbo, Gandalf, Elrond, Galadriel, and Celeborn, pass the white towers on a ship bound for Valinor. The departure of the last of the ringbearers, save Sam, marked the end of the Third Age and began the Fourth Age. It was over a hundred years later that the great King Elessar Telcontar died at the age of two hundred and ten after his reign of one hundred and twenty years. His funeral was long and sorrowful as his people mourned the loss of their great king. Arwen left to Lothlorien and later died there, and it was Prince Eldarion who took the throne afterward. After the previous king's death, Gimli and Legolas built a white ship in Ithilien and sailed down the river to the Undying Lands. The hobbit Sam left to the very same place after the death of his beloved Rose. Merry and Pippin, after surviving a number of years in the Shire as well known people, died as well and are said to have been buried next to the mighty King Elessar. So ends the tales of the Fellowship, but not of the tales of the second king of the Reunited Kingdom (Sound familiar without the 'Re'?), King Eldarion. After these events, King Eldarion started loosing faith of the formal peace accords from Harad, Rhún, and Khand. Because of this he musters his forces to prepare for war if necessary. He does not realise that war would not come from the south, but from the north. He does not see the forces massing. You see, by this time Dúr-shalafi has muster an army of well over 10,000 and has taken Carn Dûm, the former fortress of the Witch-King of Agmar, and it is here he shall launch another war on the north just as his master did over three thousand years before. They are coming... This is the start of many great and long chapters I plan to make for this story. I have quite a lot going on right now and I'm sorry that I didn't publish the 1st Chapter at the same time I realised this one, but I have a lot going on and I didn't want to wait a couple more weeks to finally finish it. Also, I ask that you point out any grammar and spelling mistakes to me, preferably by PM. I'm fourteen. I'm bound to make these kinds of mistakes. Thank you for your patience and please review. My High Regards, Teddypro