closer to him, close enough to gain access once again to his neck, but instead of the now delightfully bruised skin, he scraped his teeth along the edge of Legolas' pointed ear. Legolas cried out, thrusting himself against Aragorn's stiff form. Though the angle was different, the ranger thrust in once again, with both his mouth and hands occupied and his beautiful elf crying out in sheer pleasure. Aragorn lowered Legolas back to the ground, the elf's arms wrapped around him as they rocked back and forth, his hair splayed about him like a magnificent halo. Then, with one extreme push, Aragorn found Legolas' core and he saw stars. Exclaiming in a clear voice, Legolas' seed spilled white over Aragorn's hand and his own stomach. Aragorn, who had been teetering on the edge of climax, was sent tumbling after Legolas, driven by the euphoric sound the elf created. His own orgasm followed shortly after, slipping from his lips in a loud moan as he filled Legolas with hot come. The future king of Gondor fell forward, his head falling onto Legolas' heaving chest as his hand fell away from the elf's spent cock. Closing his eyes, he slowly began to draw his length out of the beauty below him, while Legolas moaned quietly. Crawling up to lay next to Thranduil's son, Aragorn reached behind himself and groped blindly along the ground until he found the edge of Legolas' cloak. He dragged it over top of Legolas, being careful to tuck the elf prince in before pulling it up over himself. Legolas smiled softly as he felt Aragorn's now so gentle hands caress him lovingly, adoringly. He reached out and pulled Aragorn close to him, placing the ranger's head against his breast where he began to run his fingers through his dark hair. Aragorn snuggled up against Legolas, absorbing his warmth and sleepiness. They lay in silence under the stars, peacefully admiring the constellations that had blossomed above in the shimmering of Varda's garden, enveloped in each other's embrace. After a few minutes, just as Aragorn was was slipping into slumber, Legolas spoke aloud. "That was...unexpected," he said, his voice hesitant. He'd fantasized, imagined and dreamt of having Aragorn in his arms, to be taken by the man, and though none of them could compare to the reality, he hadn't the faintest idea of what to say. He stared up at the sky, fearing that Aragorn would say something awful or, worse, nothing at all. He certainly wasn't expecting a peal of deep laughter. Aragorn lifted his head from Legolas' chest, the elf's hand slithering down his shoulder as he looked down into his confused eyes. "Unexpected indeed!" Aragorn laughed. He swooped down to kiss Legolas swiftly, laughing. When he moved away, he gazed down at the elf prince and let out an audible sigh, reaching out a hand to tuck a lock of mussed hair behind Legolas' delicate ear. They smiled in sync, sharing the light of their hearts through their eyes and ignoring the disheveled appearance of the other. "You're beautiful," Aragorn said simply, caressing the elegant cheekbones of his lover's face. Despite himself, Legolas blushed, reaching out to stroke Aragorn's arm gently. "Though I am told that more often than I care to admit," Legolas replied. "It has never truly mattered to me until now." He sat up and placed his hand against Aragorn's jaw, his long hair falling in shimmering waves over his bare body, shining like ivory in the moonlight. He looked into Aragorn's deep eyes and pressed captured his lips delicately. Unlike the passionate, needy kisses they'd exchanged, the warmth was magical. Moving his lips slowly, Legolas caressed Aragorn's face, his neck, his shoulders. He poured all his love and his being into Aragorn through their lips. The ranger returned by cupping the back of his head and holding him close, wrapping Legolas in an embrace that protected him from all the grief of the outside world. Legolas pulled his lips away and gazed up at Aragorn, his blush fading but still present. He pondered some of the thoughts that had crossed his mind earlier, though it seemed like years ago, and decided that it was time. Time for the thought that pounded at his very soul day in and day out. "I love you," he said quietly. Aragorn's eyes widened but then transformed into a radiant smile. "*Amin mela lle," he murmured back, nuzzling his nose against Legolas' neck. "Amin mela lle." Gimli glared at Legolas from across the fire, his bowl of breakfast seated untouched at his feet. Legolas slid his spoon out of his mouth and looked up, starting a little when he noticed the dwarf's intent stare. Glancing from side to side, Legolas searched for a sign that the other members of the fellowship understood what was happening, but they were all equally occupied with their own breakfast. Looking hesitantly back at Gimli, whose position had not moved, he raised his eyebrows with trepidation. "What?" he asked. Gimli simply lowered his eyebrows and grunted in response. "What?" Legolas tried again, becoming exasperated. Gimli rolled his eyes and bent to pick up his bowl. "You should ask Strider to be gentler when making battle plans, I could hear you two from camp." The entire fellowship turned to stare at Legolas and Aragorn, whose faces went beet red. Boromir stuttered out what were trying to be words, but Gimli beat him to it. Standing he walked past the shocked faces of his comrades and patted a mortified Legolas on the shoulder. "And you might want to put something on those bruises." he whispered, though in a fashion so that everyone could hear. Legolas' face went, if possible, even redder and he looked straight down into his bowl as Gimli sauntered away, humming a merry tune. A, Legolas - Hi, Legolas Manen anda istaennas návë - How long did you know I was there? Lá - Yes Amin mela lle - I love you