and dragged him into the mud too. "You rotten little pixie," Aragorn snarled playfully, sitting up, his hair full of filth. Legolas laughed heartily at both the sight and Aragorn's attempt at an insult, until he got a handful of mud in his face. He stopped laughing momentarily and Aragorn thought he'd made him angry. But all those thoughts were dissolved when the prince returned the favor by mashing a pile of mud into his face, his laugh ringing through the air. Chuckling, Aragorn wiped the mud out of his eyes with the back of his hand. Once they were more or less clear, he opened them to the bizarre sight of the ever-so-serene elf cackling, his face almost completely obscured by the mud and his golden hair streaked with dirt and bits of grass. "You've... You've got a bit of dirt there," Aragorn teased, pretending to be serious. He reached forward as if to wipe it off and Legolas innocently turned his face towards him. "Really?" he said in mock surprise. "Where?" "Right..." Aragorn began, pretending to inspect the 'dirt' intensely. "...there." He finished his phrase by plummeting the side of Legolas' head with another handful of mud that he gathered with his other hand. Legolas' eyes filled with shock for a split second, but it changed to a devious glint as he reached down to the ground. "I'm not sure that was such a good idea," he said, rising to one knee and scooping up a clump of ground into his hand. He poised his hand as he stood, standing tall and elegant; something oddly possible, even considering the brown muck smeared across his face. Pulling his arm back, he grinned almost maliciously. "Has living with Elrond taught you nothing?" he inquired, readying his hand. "Don't mess with an elf." Legolas' gleeful smile was the last thing Aragorn saw before the dirt was catapulted into his face. The force of the hit was so strong it caused Aragorn to fall backwards, sending him sprawling into the ground. For a minute, Legolas thought he'd knocked him out and frantically ran to his side. He was about to kneel down to Aragorn's aid when the Dúnadan raised and arm and grabbed at Legolas' leg, scaring the very life out of him. Laughing and partially blind, Aragorn stumbled to his feet and tried to push Legolas into the mud. However, the prince was too quick for him and, laughing, darted away. They chased each other mercilessly through the rain, slipping on the ground and tripping over their own feet. The rain washed the mud off their faces, causing it to run in little brown rivers as they laughed with each other. Legolas paused for a moment and Aragorn tried to take the opportunity to push him over, but as he ran, his foot slipped on a stray arrow and he was sent sailing forward. Hearing him cry out, Legolas spun around and ㅡwith his agile reflexesㅡ caught the king by his forearm. "Try not to kill yourself!" Legolas jested in a rather strained voice as Aragorn used his arm to pull himself up. "We've only just survived." "We did survive, didn't we?" Aragorn gasped as he got to his feet. He looked up at Legolas, standing before him and soaking wet. He smiled a little at the sight of him ㅡthe lovely elven prince, panting for breath, his stringy wet hair falling in his eyes, his cloak tattered and his clothes caked in mud. What a sight he was. For beneath the rugged exterior, he was glowing with an uncontrollable happiness that Aragorn had not once seen upon his face. His eyes shone with joy, becoming the deepest, clearest blue Aragorn had ever seen. A wave of love came crashing down on the king, for as many times as he'd laid eyes on the elven prince, there had never been a time that he could remember when he'd been more beautiful. He took a step forwards and crushed his lips against the others, taking him purely by surprise. Legolas kissed back earnestly, though it was nothing like the passionate, loving kiss from before. This was a kiss of pure and utter happiness, of love and joy. Aragorn only kissed him for a moment before pulling away and looking down into his eyes. "We're alive!" he cried. He dropped his hands to Legolas' waist and, without warning, lifted him off his feet. Letting out a gasp of surprise, Legolas instinctively leaned forward in fear of falling, placing his hands securely on Aragorn's shoulders. Aragorn cried out in happiness as he spun the two of them around, lifting the feather-light Legolas up high. "We're alive, by Eru!" he laughed, suddenly dropping Legolas to his feet. Before Legolas could do much, Aragorn kissed him again and again. "We're alive and I love you!" he told him. "Oh, how I love you so!" Once Aragorn gave him time to breathe, Legolas stared up at him, confused but joyous beyond words. "Do you, truly?" he asked, his voice hopeful and light. Aragorn seized the sides of his face and brought them close to his where Legolas discovered that tears had formed in the corners of his eyes. "I've never been more truthful in my whole life long," Aragorn replied. He beamed through the grime, a sun seeming to shine in his eyes. "And I've never been happier to exist," he said, his voice breaking as tears of joy began to fall, mingling with the rain dripping down his cheeks. Legolas gasped, trying to bring a hand up to cup Aragorn's face, but before he could do say anything, he was pulled into a tight embrace. "Thank you," Aragorn sobbed. "Thank you, my dearest Legolas." "What for?" Legolas inquired, his heart filling with warmth. Aragorn sniffled, holding Legolas tighter than ever. "For being the most wonderful thing to ever happen to me." Mana ane tanaldё? - What were you doing? Hloaldё firin! - You could have died!