her later on for treats and kisses (how naïve she was at first, thinking she was practically ripping his skull apart, and how he did convinced her to do so many stupid things, and spoil him many times…) every bit of the unruly mane was now subdued into a silky curtain of shinning silver hair. She pressed a kiss into the back of his head and another one on his neck. She kissed his earlobe and murmured "we still have to go out, dearest, we have to carry on…you need to…" "I need to meet with the council, and make the necessary arrangements, and start ruling my country and leading my people, Don't I?" she smiled against his neck when he sighted. At least she was not the only one who had become fond of sights of late. She kissed him and went to a drawer, were she chose a silver circlet, similar to those Oropher favored, and place it on Thranduil's brow. " I don't want to be alone…" he said. She kissed him, long and tender, and smiled fondly, resting her forehead against his, with his hands cradled on hers "I will be there every step of the way, never let them say I was one to back off from a fight" He chuckled and kissed her nose "yes, kingship will be a continuous fight" He rised then and starting to walk to the door. She could help but smile, and the chuckle, and the laugh so hard her sides hurt and there were tears on her eyes. Thranduil was standing there, looking puzzled at her, and she dissolved into a fit of giggles again. "What's so funny, wife?" and oh, his tone was so clueless, she thought she was going to laugh to death. It cost her time to recover, but when she did, she dry the tears from her cheeks and looked at him, scanning his body from head to toe, before giving him the greast shit-eating grin she could muster. "Unless you want to start a new court fashion and give the servants something to go about their day happy as a clam… I suggest, husband, that you put some clothes on first… not that I find your body something to be covered from head to toe, but wearing something more than what you have when you were born it's preferable when faced with a room full of councilors…" It took him a second, to look at her with astonishment, then look to himself, and start laughing with his wife. "Oh my… dearest, it looks that this silly king will need your help more than he thought" he turned to put on some clothes, and she looked at him with a fond smile in her lips (and if she stared a little more of what would have been considered proper, well… they are married now, and, Thranduil deserves a very detailed scan and a good amount of staring) He chuckled when he turned, buttoning up his robe and caught her on her staring, blowing her a kiss, and walking to her to actually give her one. "Should we go now, dearest wife of mine? Or should we wait a little bit more, so you can stare all you want?" she could feel the blush creeping though her cheeks all the way up to her hairline, and she sputtered "You…you…you…"at last, words came out of her mouth, outraged and with the tone of one who was caught in a prank by an elder "you cheeky bastard….go. Right now, go fight those mean councilors and whatever kingly thing you have to do" she turn him around, and pushed his back until he stood in front of the door, while Thranduil laughed himself silly at his wife's antics. He opened the door so she could continue her pushing to the hallway, and only when they reached the main way to the chambers of the council did he stop laughing and turned around to stop her pushing. She was flushed and didn't look at his face in any moment, when he bent to kiss her temples and her nose, and her lips. Then he turned to face the door in front of him. The door that will lead him to a new life, one as king of his people, one without his father. That door meant the end of the life he knew, and the birth of a new one, a life with a future full of possibilities and choices and new paths for him to walk. The door was his father's death, and the death of his friends and subjects and comrades, the suffering of his people and the darkness that was defeated at such a high cost. He didn't like the idea, but he stilled himself and tries to remember everything his father ever taught him about ruling. He prepared him all his life for this. For his father, he would not fail. A small hand touches his, and suddenly his wife is by his side, a determined expression on her face, the same she wore to battle, and he feels stronger just by that slight touch. They walk together through the doors and stand, proud and tall, as the councilors bow to their sovereigns, and they take sit on the king and the queen's chairs, and the servants didn't finished shutting the door when the royal couple was surrounded by the other elves, asking for help or for their attention. Oropher's funeral was a public affair, and his pyre was tall and burnt brightly, not only for him, but for the rest that fell with him in the battle against the Dark Lord. Thranduil's coronation (the second one, anyway, as he was crowned on the battlefield before he took his marriage vows, and what a tragic and sad event was that) was splendid, and served as a point that marked a new beginning for the whole realm, helping them heal the wounds of these last war.