bush, he gently pushed back the greenery and there on the moist ground was a mortal. Not just any mortal, but a strange man dressed in odd clothing, sleeping on his side in a fetal position. He was young in his mortal years, Haldir estimated perhaps in his late twenties. The mortal wore a bright blue shirt, brighter than Haldir had ever seen and even the design was well-done. This man must be rich to afford such expensive material. His pants were loose around his legs, almost gave Haldir the impression that they would surely fall off. Not a sight he wanted to see. On his right hand, he wore a ring and a gold necklace strapped around his neck. The patrol followed their Marchwarden to the disrupting sounds of snoring. Confused, Haldir replaced his bow into his quiver and warned. " Na manwa ." The patrol nocked their arrows, pointed at the strange man as Haldir came closer to the Mortal and roughly nudged the man's boot. The mortal moaned to the disruptrtion and turned to the other side. He yawned and mumbled incoherent words, "... Another... five minutes." Haldir sent a confused glance to his brother, Rumil and swiftly lost his patiences. He nudged the mortal's boot, with more force to the point of literally striking him. The mortal yelped and shot up, his long hair in disarray and his green eyes widened. "Alright! I am up!" The mortal cuddled his leg, comforting his foot with a moan before his face flushed with red from irritation. Sleepily his eyes drooped along with a yawn and long before he had a chance to shout at the rude awaking, there was an arrow at the tip of his nose. His weary eyes narrowed on the object, momentarily before his glanced across all the elves that had him surrounded like a beast. Realization came like a bucket of cold water as shifted away and yelped. "Oh Wait!" His voice broke between a high pitch shrill and dry mouth. He shot up his hands in surrender, "Wait." "Please don't shot." He shouted as he scooted back to be cornered by a large tree, his eyes frantically bounced between all the elves with fear and disbelief. One by one, his eyes searched all the fair men that looked too soft and creamy. Not enough facial hair to represent manhood. With arrows at his face, it would be best not to press his luck. "You pass into the realm of the lady." Haldir said in the common tongue, his voice deepened and warned the mortal of his crimes. Slowly he approached, stared down the frightened human who frantically scanned them. The mortal frowned, confused. "What lady?" "Lady of the light." Haldir answered swiftly, his patient thinning by the second to this mortal's disrespect for the land and his lady. "Oh, right." The mortal began slowly, pretended to understand before he cleared his throat and tried to play along. "Well would you please tell this Lady of the light, I am most apologetic for crossing into her…er realm." "How did you come to these part, mortal?" Haldir ignored his false apologies, his voice stricken and forced the mortal to jump in surprise. He wringled his nose to the name mortal but he was in no position to argue, "I… I was… I don't remember." He amended. Haldir's eyes narrowed dangerously to this game that this mortal played. If he refused to corporate, then he'll consider him a threat to Lothlorien. He took a step closer, forced a chill down the mortal's spine as the mortal swallowed hard and was terrified to look directly at Haldir. Carefully, Haldir inquired in a haunting tone, "Do you believe lying would spare you?" The mortal swallowed yet again, and tried to respond with a even voice, "Well, its no lie…" "How did you come to this land?" Haldir interrupted and repeated for the last time, never broke eye contact and his voice deepened. The elves around him pulled back their arrows further, indicating their ready to shoot. "By accident." The mortal finally broke, Hadlir watched as he slowly drooped his shoulders in defeat. It did not go unnoticed when the mortal removed the ring from his finger and hid it in his closed hand. Haldir leaned away from him, eyes carefully watched him when suddenly, the mortal got distracted by the arrows and inquired nonchalantly, "Those arrows are well done. Did you buy them on consignment store?" Haldir cocked an eyebrow, loosing his patience and the Mortal continued, "And not to mention the armor." Tog i firion … Galadriel whisped in Haldir's mind. Haldir sighed irritation. While the mortal mumbled on about their arrows, Haldir pinched the bridge of his nose, gained curious eyes from his patrol. All awhile the mortal talked nonsense and instantly, Haldir inquired sharply. "What is your name Mortal?" In a instantly, all the chatter ceased and the mortal's green eyes widened before he answered, "Thomas... Thomas Dougherty." "Move." Hardir commanded, gestured his head to the side. "Move? Where are we going." Thomas inquired when all the arrows fell from his face. He freely glanced around before he rose from the ground and dusted off his clothes. "She is waiting." He ignored him and began to make haste back to Lothlorien. 'She? The lady of the light?" Thomas asked after him, slowly picked up pace when the other elves gestured to follow. To not aggravate the moody blond, Thomas swiftly followed more like jogged to keep up while murmured to himself, "What time did I get myself into...?" To be continued... That was rather a long chapter. I hoped it kept you intrigued until the next one comes out. There was a healthy does of suspense and mystery. Let me know what you think. Was it interesting? Boring? Hopefully different? Please let me know, until next time! Elvish No dirweg! - Beware Na manwa - Be prepared Tog i firion - Bring the mortal man