your own thoughts, actions. You lurked in the shadows, dismantling our politics for the worse, our war tactics — do not think I had forgotten the incident with Éomer and the orcs — and you had begun to weaken my Uncle with your lies, your poisons, and Valar knows what else. Yes, I was aware — do not look so surprised. It was a marked difference to me. And you dare to wonder why I resented you." Gríma flinched away as if she had struck him. He fingered the reins in agitation, silent. Éowyn sighed, feeling both vindicated and incredibly foolish. "I know not what more to say to you." He shot another angry stare at her from under his brow. "You might answer my prior query, Princess. Why have you come now, with such… haste , I might add." Blue eyes traced her legs. Annoyed, she stated: "I had only wished to catch you before you reached the Wizard's Tower. That is all. But as for the why…" she shifted uncomfortably, focusing on her physical pain to fortify her loss of pride; "I would…ask…that you not wound Rohan more than you already have." Gríma raised his hairless brow, waiting, knowing instinctively that it was not entirely what she meant to say. Éowyn grimaced, cursing his very existence. "And because…when my uncle nearly slew you…" she growled, frustrated with her inability to speak, along with the fact that she was supplicating to him. " I could not just…you could not just leave ." He seemed to understand. Clearing his throat, he remarked dully, "If I were to return, I would be imprisoned; a fate far worse than any awaiting me at Isengard, at the hands of Saruman." His eyes raised to hers. "There is no incentive for me to stay , my Lady." She inhaled sharply, choosing to ignore his intended prompt. "If you were to help us — truly help us, I would see to it that you are forgiven by the end of the War, if you are not already by then." "You cannot see into the future, my Lady. What makes you so certain there will be an end to it? Or that you — or anyone — will even survive it?" "It is true; I cannot know for certain what lies ahead. However, what I do know is that Rohan has regained its sovereign, whereas for years it had none. Today we have a White Wizard of our own who means to assist us in any way he is able, whereas before we harbored no hope in this world. We might even acquire aid from Gondor and the Elven lands with our new visitors." As she spoke, Éowyn felt a long-absent excitement stirring within her despite herself. "Gríma, this is the worst time to submit to cowardice. You must be strong ." A corpse's smile wormed its way to his lips. "Yes…a noble trait; one I do not pretend to assume." Rolling her eyes, Éowyn longed to shake him. "For one so clever, you are remarkably stupid. I remember a man — an outsider — who bore the harsh rumors of our court for years. One who, despite his lowly origins, dedicated himself to knowledge and learning — when such intense study was frowned upon as unnatural. A man who would withstand unjust beatings from those who were threatened by his oddness. One who would continuously comfort a sad, angry girl, and made her right to weaponry a reality despite all opposition and no immediate reward. I had not forgotten." Gríma was staring at her, wide-eyed. Squaring her shoulders and matching his scrutiny, she noticed a drop of blood forming at the corner of his lip. "What are these actions if not proof of your endurance?" she said, her tone surprisingly gentle. He seemed breathless. "I…was not aware you held such an opinion of me, my Lady." Éowyn said nothing for a time, reluctant to correct him, before blurting: "I speak as I found. It does not extend to your recent decisions, but…you are strong. I would ask that…you continue to be." Frowning thoughtfully, he locked his eyes to hers; plain, direct, intense. A look of a man with nothing to lose. "I would Princess, if, in turn, it meant that you would be mine." Oh how she dreaded this; but had not expected anything else of him. In a way, perversely, he had not disappointed her. "If you do, and continue to help us, to be someone we can someday trust without fail, as I used to…it is a distinct possibility." A beam lit his face; he looked almost insane. Approaching her horse with his own, holding out a hand for her to grasp - which she did - he whispered to her: "Done." For awhile neither said any more, both pensive of what was to come. Gríma would be subjected to horrors, really. Not a single person in Rohan was aligned with him. Her uncle would not be lenient — he had spent years of kindness on Gríma only to be repaid with betrayal. Théodred was dead, and Éomer unforgiving. Saruman would find a way to tempt him again at his lowest — most likely by supernatural means; and Gríma may already have a few tricks up his sleeve reserved to pick loopholes in their agreed promise… And she was hardly a practiced politician. But she was his only tether; against the will of Saruman, the inevitable onslaught of despair, and his potential to continue to ruin their country from the inside out. Éowyn was the only thing keeping Gríma in line, the thing around which he centralized every action… The game would be long, and complex, and it was vital that she not misstep. Poisonous thoughts continued to race through her mind as the pair of them slowly returned to Edoras. And, turning towards her dark companion and his mixed mood, Éowyn felt ill once again, wondering just what, exactly, she had done.