seemed always to appear stern, Faramir was given to a more neutral, stoic expression that even Aragorn had difficulty reading. In conversation Faramir was reticent to speak his mind, but seemed to listen to everything, as if carefully cataloging it away for future use. And then there was that comparison Sam had so aptly drawn between Faramir and Gandalf that, once pointed out, left one wondering how they'd never placed it before. People in Gondor seemed very fond of Faramir. Criticism came rarely, though what Aragorn ever had heard never seemed to be particularly troubling. Some claimed his courage to be lesser than his brother's, due to his interest in lore and art and history. Aragorn supposed few would maintain this criticism after Faramir's ride to Osgiliath at the end of the war. Others simply thought him too detached, too quiet and stoic. It was a point Aragorn was forced to agree with them on, though he understood the difficulty in getting to know a stranger. All Faramir had been through these past few years didn't help matters. Even if he wasn't one given to complaints or despair, loss and the horrors of war had effects on people. That loss was specifically why Aragorn told Faramir that he understood if he'd prefer someone else take up the responsibility of clearing out Denethor's old office. Faramir insisted in his ever-professional way of speaking that he was capable enough, voice nor face ever tinged with some hint of what turmoil, if any, might lie beneath still surfaces. There had been points during the process when Aragorn almost demanded they both stop. A few times where he thought, certainly, some letter or book which Faramir mentioned held some more personal meaning would be the straw that broke the horse's back. But it never happened. Instead there were comments, without any hint of emotion. "Ah, I wondered where this book had gone." "So he did receive Boromir's updates." "I'd wager he didn't even realize this was still in his possession." Ever that frustratingly even tone came, giving Aragorn no indication if any of this was getting to Faramir in some way. It wasn't that he wanted to see the man suffer. He only wanted to be certain he wasn't forcing him to face matters he wasn't ready for. But perhaps his concerns were unwarranted. Maybe Faramir had already seen his father as lost the moment the man took up the palantir. Maybe the relationship between the two was more strained than Aragorn had initially imagined. It was just as he thought this when he noticed Faramir suddenly freeze, hand still in the depths of the last drawer in the desk. Finally, something showed in his eyes. Something painful that made Aragorn wish he'd never let Faramir start on this assignment. He watched quietly as Faramir pulled the yellowed paper out of the drawer, the younger man's eyes never leaving the page. Aragorn could see on the page something scrawled in a child's hand. It looked like a bird, with its wings open as if it were flying, and he realized it looked a bit like a gull. The paper crumpled slightly at the edges when Faramir suddenly clutched it tighter. He saw now the way Faramir's lips pressed together tightly, how his jaw clenched. Then finally he spoke, whispering in a broken voice Aragorn hadn't yet heard from him, "How are they all gone?" His face crumpled with the question and he held his head in his hands. Aragorn put a hand on his shoulder, feeling him shake slightly as he sobbed. "I'm sorry, my friend," he said, unsure as of yet what else to say. Faramir was a bit of a mystery to him still. He glanced down at the paper still laying on the desk, wondering who it belonged to, what significance it held to send Faramir over the edge when little else seemed able to. "My entire family-" he started to say but stopped suddenly as though speaking the words would cement the thought into reality. "It is difficult to lose so much at once," Aragorn said. He knew through Boromir that the brothers had been close, and having lost close friends of his own through this war, had some approximation of how difficult that was to face. Faramir sat back up, fingers passing over his eyes. "Forgive me. I did not expect-" In the moment of hesitation as he searched for the right words, Aragorn couldn't help but breathe an incredulous sigh. Faramir's eyes found him quickly, expression reset to neutral, and Aragorn couldn't figure out why. "Forgive you? For grieving? After what you've gone through?" Aragorn wasn't quite as good as his new Steward at maintaining an emotionless tone, though he doubted there were any in all of Arda who could compete. "I can do so on my own time, sir, not on yours." There was a hint of something there, as though Faramir was very familiar with this phrase, or others like it. Again, Aragorn was at a loss for words, and he tried not to show it. To make Faramir feel embarrassed would only make him less likely to express himself in the future. But he could also recognize a man who wouldn't be pushed. Boromir, he found, was much easier to read, a much more direct person, and he came by his feelings and opinions honestly. Faramir was a different matter altogether, a puzzle he needed to figure out, and that took time. So time is what he'd give him. "If that is what you prefer, then I leave you to it. However, do not think me on some high pedestal, too distant for any to reach in all matters save political ones. I would like to call my Steward a friend, if he would allow it." "You may call me whatever you wish, sir, it is your right as King." Time, Aragorn thought with only the slightest hint of frustration. Lots and lots of time.