from his kin. His fea felt large and overwhelming as he sat on his throne and elegantly positioned above them. An elven warrior from the group spoke up with grief in his voice, "We were attacked by orcs and were outnumbered, my king. Our dead was great…" "The wounded were taken to the House of the Healing." Legolas added firmly, his voice heavy with a deep anger that never subsided since their departure from the outskirts of Greenwood Forest. King Thranduil looked to Legolas again, but his eyes were drawn to the elfling that glanced at him from behind his son. Elegantly he rose from his throne and stepped down from the rounded steps until he stood over the others with his high height. "Twenty three were to be accepted into my kingdom and yet few stand before me. You have come under terrible tidings. As promised you shall have shelter in these vast halls and in time you all will find a place amongst us. Have them shown to the west wing." King Thranduil ordered the guard who stood at the side of his throne. The guard stepped forward and bowed his head before he carried out his King's command. All while King Thranduil eyed the two elflings in his presences. Rare and such as they were, King Thranduil did not know them. They were unfamiliar and he intended to discover their forebears. Before the elves were taken away, King Thranduil added, "The elflings will remain." Tauriel blinked. Why would he want us here ? Once the throne was cleared, King Thranduil came closer to them. Calaerien leaned further back behind Legolas's leg and tightened her hold on Tauriel's hand. It even made her cousin wince. "It would seem she has grew rather attached to you, my son." King Thranduil noted as he looked to his son who looked down at the elfling. Thranduil returned his penetrative gaze to the raven hair elfling with no emotion. Though she tried to tuck herself away, her curiousity kept her visible to the king. Legolas sighed inwardly and broke the silence, "None other than Tauriel..." He waved his hand at the auburn elfling, but the king did not follow his hand motion and Legolas continued, "and myself were aloud to touch her." The little details did not matter to the king. His only interest was to know their forebears. Finally King Thranduil looked away from Calaerien and gazed upon Tauriel. He inquired in a demanding tone, "Pray tell whom are your parents?" Tauriel found herself speechless under those intense eyes but swallowed hard and responded as steadily as she could, "My father Hinnonon of Lothlorien and my mother Lady Aeril of Greenwood… my king." King Thranduil knew all in his domain for his memory was long and everlasting. The name Aeril triggered a memory of her in his halls. A most stubborn elleth , he recalled and hope this offspring of hers would not bear that trait. "Where are they now?" Tauriel swallowed hard against the sorrow. To admit the truth, made it real but this King not would be patient for long. She struggled to speak and finally murmured barely above a whisper, "In the Halls of Mandos." Even with his stoned face and hard eyes, Legolas noticed the settled sympathy in his father's blue eyes. Despite his ill-tempered ways, Thranduil cared for his people and now this child was in his care. Without another word, the King turned his penetrating eyes to the smaller elfling. "Come into the light, young one." That was not a suggestion but a demand. Calaerien's eyes widened with trepidation and froze. King Thranduil patiently waited though he was not pleased to do so. She almost quivered as she hesitantly stepped out into the light and fully emerged in the King's sight. The elfling stared with wide innocence eyes at the towered elf king. Even now under the mercy of her fears, the King looked even larger. She was mesmerized by his looks and completely intimidated by his demeanor. Unlike Tauriel, King Thranduil granted her with a softer tone but demanded, "What is your name young one?" She bit her lip nervously and King Thranduil urged, "You have nothing to fear. What is your name?" "Calaerien." Legolas softened when the child finally spoke with the softest voice that was laced with fear and weariness. Thranduil immediately recognized that name in a message from Romonil. With a tight smile, he remembered the news of Calaerien's birth to his second in command to the captain, " Light of the sea . Your father would be Romonil of my guard. Pray tell, is he amongst the wounded? He did not greet me on this morn." Legolas glanced at Calaerien with recognition and wondered how he could not have noticed before. She was his image: The raven hair and blue eyes were a dead give away. Romonil served on his patrol. The elven warrior was regarded with advanced skills and his fierce loyalty to his homeland. Calaerien dropped her gaze, bit her lip from quivering and her eyes suddenly filled with unshed teared. Without a verbal confirmation, Thranduil had his answer. He sighed inwardly for he favored Romonil for many years and was rather unhappy to give him leave to remain in Lothlorien for an elleth in these trying times. Now his offspring stood before him and carried his dark hair and bright ocean eyes. King Thranduil inquired further, "What of your mother? Is she amongst the wounded?" Calaerien nodded before she looked up at the king. Those intense blue eyes were softer than before and he voiced, "You will have a place here young ones. You have my leave." He waved his hand and returned to his throne. Legolas led the elflings to the west wing to be cared by a maid. To be continued... What do you think? I would appreciate any feedback that would help me improve as a writer. Please no flames... Don't forget to review.