to the kitchen. He could hear Diamond talking to herself. He got to the door and walked in. Diamond was busy getting the stakes ready. Origo took a deep breath and sniffed the floor. He knew that only Pippin and Diamond had been in the house. Origo looked at Diamond. He tilted his head and barked. Diamond looked around. "Hey Origo" she said. Origo came closer and looked up. His puppy eyes looked deep into Diamond. Diamond looked back and saw the puppy looking back. "I'll get your turkey in a minute" Diamond said. Origo whined. He was hungry. But Diamond wasn't listening. She was now humming to herself. Origo looked down. "Really hungry" he thought. The puppy then walked away. He was going back to Diamond's bed. Just then, Pippin arrived back home. He had been drinking again. But he didn't have too much. "Hello Diamond" he said as he walked in. Diamond smiled, but she smelt the bear and tobacco on him. "Hello sweetie" she said back. Pippin kissed Diamond. "Wow, they look fantastic" Pippin said looking down at the cuts of meat. Diamond had her hands in the bowl. She had added salt, pepper, a bit of sugar, a squeeze of lemon juice and a dash of oil. "How long will it be?" asked Pippin. "About an hour, the stove if still warming up" Diamond answered. Pippin smiled. "Alright, I'll be in the study" he said. So, Pippin walked out. Diamond knew why he was going there. He was going to read Bilbo's book again. Diamond sighed. "I need to get Origo" she said. She then left the meat and walked out of the kitchen. Origo, who had woken up a few minutes before, was now snuggled up again. Diamond knew that he was hungry. "Origo?" she asked as she walked around the house. She came across her room. In the middle of the bed was a small fluffy puppy snoozing. Diamond stopped. She knew that Origo was tired. But then, he had woken up. The hobbit walked up to the bed and slowly scooped the puppy up. Origo whined and opened his eyes. He yawned. "Shush, shush" Diamond said. She held Origo close to her and walked out of the room. The two of them went into the kitchen. Origo whined again. "Oh, I know you're hungry" she said. Origo yawned and snuggled down. He liked the warmness radiating off of her. Diamond then placed him down of the ground. "I just have to get the chops on and then we'll get you something to eat" Diamond said happily. Origo started to whimper. Diamond, who had turned around, was now placing the chops into the mixture. She placed them on the tray. She was going to cook them in a bit. She then looked around at Origo. The puppy was sitting down. "Right, now lets get you something to eat" Diamond said happily. Origo looked up and started to wag. Diamond then went over to the turkey that had been sitting there. The two cutting knives were still embedded into the turkey. She held them and started cutting. Origo came up to her feet and looked up. Diamond felt his fur on her foot. She looked down and smiled. "It'll be ready in a minute" she said. She could hear him whining. Diamond cut a few pieces off of the turkey and picked it up. Origo tilted his head as she walked over to a cupboard and got out a bowl. "There you go" she said, putting the turkey in and placing it on the floor. She had barely taken her hand away when Origo started to eat as fast as he can. Diamond looked at him in shock. "Origo, why do you eat so fast?" she asked. But Origo didn't look up. There were small bits of turkey flying everywhere. The bowl was being attack so hard that it started to move. Origo moved with the bowl. Less then a minute later, the puppy had finished. He had cleaned the bowl of any turkey that he could see. Diamond stood there. "I guess you want more" Diamond sighed. Origo nodded and looked around. Diamond was getting tired. Just then, there were three knocks at the front door. Knock, Knock, Knock. Diamond and Origo looked around. "That must be Estella" Diamond said. Origo looked at Diamond. The hobbit come up to Origo and picked him up. The puppy whined. He was propped up to her shoulder. He looked forward as she started to walk. Then, he looked up Diamond. But she didn't look at him. The two of them went though the hall to the front door. Diamond opened the door with her free hand. On the other side was Estella. She instantly saw Origo. She took a deep breath in shock. "Diamond!" she said, looking at Origo. "Is that what you wanted to show me?" she asked. Estella was excited. She loved animals more then Diamond did. Estella was wearing a green and yellow dress. She instantly took Origo off of Diamond. Estella lifted the pup to her face. "Oh, he's so warm, when and where did you get him?" she asked. Diamond smiled. "Well, I don't exactly know when he got into the house. Probably when Merry left last night" she answered. Estella looked at Diamond with her green eyes. "Merry was here?" she asked. A small smile came over Estella's lips. Origo looked up at her. "Who is she?" he asked himself. The puppy then started to whine, directing the attention back to him. Estella smiled and looked down at him. "Has he got a name yet?" Estella asked. Diamond smiled. "His name is Origo" she answered. Estella came in and Diamond shut the door. Pippin came into the hall way. "Hey Estie" he said happily. Estella smiled. "Hello Pipsqueak" Estella said. The two of them smiled. "I have lunch waiting to be cooked, it should be done in an hour" Diamond said.