as she started to put most of the things back into the pack, leaving out the dirty clothing to wash after her father got out of the bathing room. "Your right, my names Frodo, this here is Sam Gamgee, that over there is Merry Brandybuck and Pippin Took, starting on the right to the left. How do you know of hobbits anyways? We did't mention it yet you and Strider both seem to know about us." "Oh well Frodo, I have a friendship with a very wise hobbit named Bilbo Baggins, if I'm not mistaken that would be your Uncle, am I right?" Blaise asked seemingly more into the conversation. Frodo nodded his head. "Yes your right, Bilbo is my Uncle, he took me in when I was young after my parents died." Frodo looked away wistfully, then shook his head and gave a shaky smile, "I think I should probably go to bed now." he then turned to Sam and said to him, "Sam you can rest tonight as well, I'm sure Strider and Blaise will watch over us." Frodo looked at Blaise after that comment and she nodded her head. Once they were all laying down Blaise added, "Good night Frodo, Sam, please rest easy. Nothing can get through Strider and me." Finally her father emerged from the bathing room and took one look around, gave her a smile and walked towards the chair closest to the window. He took a beeline quickly though walked up to his daughter and gave her a kiss on the forehead before making it back towards the chair, and actually sat down and made himself comfortable. After Blaise had finally gotten everything washed and as dried as she could she hung the clothes in the bathing room. Making it back into the main/sleeping room she walked towards her father sat down by his chair and put her head on his leg. He absently stroked her hair while watching the outside for any dangers. Blaise right before she went to sleep heard her father say again, as their normal ritual, "Quel kaima iell nin, amin mela lle" and then she was out. Blaise didn't know how long she had been out, but jumped awake and had to quickly cover her ears from the screaching that was coming from the Ringwraiths that were trying to find Frodo. Blaise then realized what he had but wasn't really all that suprised, she had heard her Grandfather talk about it a little while ago. The hobbits woke up also and looked at Strider and Blaise with scared looks. Blaise wasn't sure which one but she heard one of the hobbits, either Merry or Pippin, ask what they were and her father went into the tail of The One Ring. Blaise was still holding her ears and was silently crying because of all of the screaching coming from the hobbits old room. Her father quickly put her in between her legs and helped her cover her ears with his own hands over hers and saying in a low voice by her ear comforting words in elvish to help soothe her. Frodo seeing this going on, looked at Strider and then at Blaise it slowly made a good connection. "Is she okay, whats wrong with her?" Then thinking again he added, "what is she to you, you two seem so close yet distant, but it seems like the distant is an act." Strider looked at Frodo and silently answered, "she has very sensitive ears and the screaching was making them hurt, do you believe you could go get me the gauze in the bathing room, her ears may start to bleed." Frodo quickly got up at the request and fetched the gauze then made himself comfortable and watched Strider wrap the girls ears, but not before Frodo could see the tips, the pointed tips. "Is she an elf?" Frodo almost looked ashamed for asking then looked up and added, "I'm sorry I have no right to know." Strider smiled slightly and Frodo felt at ease, somewhat anyway. "Yes she is an elf, and for your other question she is my daughter. She's a Half-Elven or Peredhil if you must call her anything, but please refrain from using that, unless its neccessary, the less people who know the better." He smiled slightly and then with a far more serious voice put in, "I want all of you asleep, we have a very long day ahead and you will need the strength." and with that the hobbits went back to sleep, but not before Frodo gave one last look towards Blaise, that was of total concern. "She is going to be just fine master hobbit, now get to sleep." Strider assured Frodo as he put a hand on his daughters head. "She just needs the sleep like the rest of you do, tomorrow she will be as good as new, and that sometimes can be a bad thing, but go to sleep." Frodo went to sleep but not before hearing the obviously private moment between father and daughter. Blaise lifted her head slightly and gave her father a small smile and said, "amin mela lle Ada" and then went right back to sleep. Leaving only Strider awake, which was okay with him, he knew he would get some light sleep but right now he had to make sure everything was safe with the Ringwraiths. Translations: Adar: Father Ada: Daddy Naneth: Mother Daeadar: Grandfather (I think) Vede: Uncle Quel kaima: Sleep Well Iell nin: My Daughter Amin mel lle: I Love You Maer aur: Good Morning A/N : I hope you like this new story. It just popped into my head so I had to use it. Please leave a review and tell me what you think, I'd greatly appreciate it. Also I know that somethings are off in this story, but I figured since its my fanfic, I can do what I want with it, hope you don't mind. Thanx, Orangeblossom