at Svip's massive heap of weapons. Amongst all of those, there had to be one sword at least that was still sound. Turning to Svip, I said, pointing out the ten Orcs' swords, "You can keep these for your collection. And these." I moved my broken sword to join the trophies from the Orcs, and after a moment's hesitation I added the Horn of Gondor as well. "I'd like to take the boat, if you'll part with it, but I can go on foot if you'll not. And I'd be grateful if you'd let me take a sword from your collection. I'm going to need one." Svip was staring at me, his eyes gone very wide. "You don't understand!" he protested. "You can't!" "Can't? Svip, you surely don't need all these swords -" "No, you can't go! You can't leave! You'll die!" That put an abrupt end to my rational arguments. It also temporarily put an end to my powers of speech. I swallowed and managed to echo, "I'll die?" "Yes," he said miserably, staring down at his feet. "The spell I used to bring you back, it only works here. If you leave here you'll die." I was not going to panic. Or to strangle my companion. I took a few deep breaths. "How did you bring me back?" I asked. He looked up and pleadingly met my gaze. "Silverweed. It's an old remedy, they used it a lot in the Old Wars for healing wounds. But it wasn't strong enough to bring you back on its own, not with all the wounds you had. I used the River water, and the mud from the bottom; it's all tied to here, right here, if you go it'll lose its power, it gets weaker the farther away you go. You'll die." "So what will happen?" I demanded. "If I leave your house I'm just going to fall over dead?" He averted his eyes and just said again in a strange, hard tone, "You'll die." I scowled at him. I thought there was something wrong with all of this, with the way Svip was talking about it. I thought, Either he's making up all of it because he doesn't want to lose the latest addition to his collection, or he doesn't know what will happen – or he does know, and it's so hideous he can't stand to tell me about it. I should leave anyway, I thought . I should find the way out, fight my way out if I have to, and let whatever's going to happen, happen. If I did just die the instant I left, what did it matter? I had already died. And I was no better than dead if I spent the rest of my days teaching some green horse-faced water creature the arts of Men's cooking. No better than dead? Perhaps worse. At least if I were dead, perhaps I would not have to face the knowledge that my world was fighting for its life, and I was not fighting to help it. Svip whispered, "Are you sorry I brought you back?" For a moment I wanted to yell back, Yes! I glowered at him, then sighed and looked down at my broken Horn and sword. I said heavily, "I don't know." Aching weariness was descending on me. I wondered sourly if I really needed more rest, or if it was just my way of trying to get out of facing this. At least it might buy a little time. Time to figure out all of it – without tripping over Svip as I did so. But perhaps it was time I did not have. That Frodo and the others - all of the others - might not have. I sighed again. "You were right, Svip," I said, despising myself for my cowardly indecision as I said it. "I do need more sleep." "Oh – yes. Yes, of course! Do you need more blankets? Pillows? Cushions? I think I have a hammock somewhere – " "No, Svip. Thank you. The bed is fine." I picked up the stack of my clothing, and Svip, scrambling to be helpful, grabbed up my helm. With the water creature scurrying nervously behind, I made the trip back through the rooms of his house, swearing under my breath when I nearly dropped pieces of clothing as I crawled through the Hobbit-sized doors. I was back at the pile of blankets. I stared at it, wishing desperately that going back to sleep would put an end to my problems. I found a small nook of open space between the blankets and the nearest heap of driftwood, and deposited my stacked-up clothes within it. After some hesitation, I took the still-folded cloak of Lórien and arranged it as a pillow. Perhaps the Elves would send inspirational dreams that would show me how to get out of this. Yes , of course, I thought, and perhaps you'll wake up in Minas Tirith and find out it was all a nightmare. "Do you need anything?" worried Svip, hovering beside the blanket pile as I settled down and pulled one of the blankets up to my chin. "What about more tea?" "No," I said, and I firmly shut my eyes. "Good night." I didn't know if it was night or not. The room seemed the same as ever, with that pale blue light that moved beyond the walls. I lay there with my eyes shut, but the blue seemed to creep behind my eyelids, to crawl through my eyes and my mind. I thought of Svip's question. "Are you sorry I brought you back?" I didn't know. But I did know that I could not stay here. I could not stay here while the others needed me. I couldn't stay with the knowledge that I had failed them. The last thing I remember before I fell asleep, was a vow to myself that no little green water being was going to see me cry.