find your beauty intimidating," he ventured with mock seriousness. "And your father is notoriously protective of his daughter. You were definitely an enchantress in your blue dress and long dark hair that night." "Ah! Ha! Fond memories of raven tresses and a flowing blue gown! See, I told you that you were admired. I wager Legolas would be more than willing to give you your first kiss without delay. Would you not, comrade?" Gellwen was near to tears or rage now and could barely choke out, "Stop it! You are humiliating me!" when Legolas took her hand softly in the dark. Teasingly directing his comment at Túgann, Legolas said, "Pay no note of him, Gellwen, we can more comfortably discuss this matter another time without your brother's participation." All three laughed, his remark breaking the tension. But, unknown to Gellwen's brother, he did not release her hand. The evening remained quiet. As the hours passed, they argued over versions of Elven lore and shared their stories of family foibles, with a seasoning of local gossip, laughing easily and often. Túgann mimicked more acquaintances. Gellwen occasionally corrected his choice of vocabulary, "for the sake of accuracy," she said, but never his tone. Even Legolas attempted a sober, but effective impersonation of his father sounding regal, which was met with good-natured, if impudent, howls. Gellwen was pleased that she was able to speak and laugh naturally, as though nothing were different or extraordinary when, in fact, ever aware of Legolas' touch, there was a spectacularly riotous Midsummer Night's festival raging in her heart. For his part, Legolas was unable for a moment to forget her closeness, her beauty, the warmth and richness of her developing womanliness. Gellwen was convinced that her brother had no idea of the feelings stirring within her, which brought a crimson blush to her cheeks, opportunely unseen in the now near total darkness. She cherished the delicious bit of privacy the forest shadows gave her, as she recently had begun to think that Túgann knew far too much about her. There were disadvantages for an Elf maiden to have an older brother as one's closest friend and confidant. It was near midnight, when they thought they heard a twig crack nearby. Because they had been laughing, they were uncertain of its origin. Their voices unconsciously lowered after that incident and the conversation drifted naturally to darker matters--the dangers to their hidden life, the ominous forces surrounding them and to what degree they could or should intervene to affect the outcome. Túgann took the somewhat isolationist defensive position, whereas Legolas favored looking outward, intervening to affect history. Legolas explained that he shared his father's sense of responsibility to protect "my people" (the term Thranduil always used to refer to the Silvan Elves of Mirkwood). Gellwen listened and then said she believed that the Mirkwood Elves could never accept that Sauron might be undefeatable and choose to blindly live out their last days hoping for peace before succumbing to destruction. "We will defend ourselves until the time for the final struggle. But, in this age, Elves must bring the wisdom gained in past struggles. It will be our duty to give our arms and lives to the coming war against Sauron. But never again will the victory be ours alone to win. We must be but one force amongst allies. This will be a different war. There will be no neutrals," she said. Both Legolas and Túgann contemplated Gellwen's words in silence. Realizing how late it was she regretfully rose to go home. Legolas offered to walk with her and Túgann was easily persuaded to take the first watch. Legolas led Gellwen through the forest, gallantly holding branches and bushes aside and half-lifting her over every rock and gully, although both realized that she almost certainly knew the paths as well as he did. Much too quickly they covered the short distance to the moonlit clearing in the forest near the entrance to her family's dwellings, Gellwen turned to Legolas and said with a conspiratorial smile, "I'll walk from here alone. It would not be good for my parents to hear us, you know." She reached up to give him a farewell kiss on the cheek, when he placed his bow arm around her waist, pulled her closer to him and touched her cheek, turning her mouth to his. Kissing her gently he felt her respond, if tentatively. He released her and looked smiling into her eyes and asked, "May I give you a true kiss?" Up on her toes immediately, she placed her arms around his neck and said, "Yes, please." When Legolas returned to their watch point in the woods, Túgann immediately demanded, "Well, tell me, did my sister finally get her first kiss?" "She did, as you knew she would." "I thought it would be so. You are a brave Elf. Many before you have been captivated by her, but afraid to dare a kiss." "I had not the sense to be afraid," Legolas said with a humorless chuckle and an unfathomable sigh. "Legolas Greenleaf son of Thranduil, tell me what happened. I know you are withholding something. You must tell me what. I trusted you with my sister, as my friend. What did you do?" Túgann demanded, with an undertow of fear seeping into his voice. "No. No. Nothing happened. I kissed Gellwen as I have kissed many girls, but then…" Legolas paused drawing a deep breath, "I kissed her again just once, but everything transformed. It was surprising and wonderful, dreamlike. I spoke to her of love." "Well, did she like it?" Túgann asked, relieved that Legolas' obvious apprehension was caused by what he interpreted as his more serious friend's exaggerated sensitivity to customs and mores. Legolas softly answered, "Yes, she did." Above lyrics areofa traditional Irish folksong, with slight changes. It seemed to have been written for Mirkwood. Oh, those merry Wood Elves dancing in the shadow of past losses and almost certain doom.