the eastern sky gleamed red with the promise and menace of dawn. In black silhouette at the top of the knoll, Mauhúr could see shapes that might have been the ruins of some ancient fortress-tower, mighty blocks of weather-worn building stone honouring the remnants of former glory. But Mauhúr knew there were no remains of a hillfort on this knoll at the edge of the forest. Those dark shapes atop the hill were Uglúk and his fellow Fighting Uruk-Hai, standing shoulder to shoulder as they awaited the onslaught of their enemy. Crawling toward the knoll through the grey sea of grass, Mauhúr could not help feeling that he and his lads were desperately exposed. He felt their advance could scarcely have been more noticeable if they'd been carrying torches and blowing their conch shells to signal their approach. But the horse-boys sat oblivious, backs resolutely turned to the eaves of the forest. In his thoughts, Mauhúr snarled, Thought you scared us off, didn't you, boys? You thought we hot-footed it out of here with our tails between our legs. Well, you've got some surprises ahead of you. You golden-haired horse-lovers haven't yet won the day. Like a vast eye of fire, the sun's arc arose above the margin of the world. Sudden gleams of light sparked on the Riders' spearpoints, helms and shirts of mail. Light shone on the swords of the Uruk-Hai, drawn and ready, waiting for the attack. One of the Riders raised his hunting horn and blew a long, clear call. All around the deadly circle, horn after horn replied. The horns of the Rohirrim tore through the morning air. In their mocking notes, Mauhúr imagined he heard words in that call. The enemy's horns sang with the promise of destruction, and he imagined their words: We are coming for you. Despair and die. Author's Notes: Translations and a Discussion of Uruk-Hai Telepathy Urukeen : Young, unmarried female Uruk. Equivalent of "girl" or "maiden." Uruki : Young, unmarried male Uruk. The adult males of the Five Villages each serve in one of three military companies. The main company of foot soldiers, commanded by Uglúk, is made up of the older/married Uruk-Hai, and consists of around 80 to 100 warriors. The Uruki company, commanded by Mauhúr, has around 40 members (from early teen years until they are promoted to the main company due to distinguishing themselves in battle). A third company, also consisting of around 40 warriors, is a cavalry troop of Warg Riders. Rak : A strong liquor with some medicinal properties. This is the "Orc-draught" drunk by Pippin and Merry in the chapter "The Uruk-Hai" of The Two Towers , of which the two Hobbits do not think highly. Sharkû : A nickname that the Uruk-Hai of Isengard use for Saruman. Tolkien tells us in a footnote to the chapter "The Scouring of the Shire" (Chapter Eight of The Return of the King ) that the word sharkû, meaning "old man," is "Orkish in origin." On the Use of Telepathy Among the Uruk-Hai: In "The Uruk-Hai," Chapter Three of The Two Towers , Uglúk encourages his worried fellow warriors with the statement, "Mauhúr and his lads are in the forest, and they should turn up any time now." Studying that chapter, I was puzzled by the question of how Uglúk had acquired this piece of information. It didn't seem logical to me that Mauhúr and his lads (whoever all of them might be, since Tolkien never follows up with details of who they actually are) would perpetually be stationed in the forest. Yet it also didn't seem plausible that Uglúk and Mauhúr would have made arrangements ahead of time to rendezvous in Fangorn Forest, since Uglúk presumably couldn't know when he and his warriors might be likely to return from their mission, or what route they might take when they did return. To me, the most plausible explanation seemed to be that Uglúk and Mauhúr had been in contact via telepathy. This led me to look into the question of what Tolkien says about telepathy in Middle Earth. There are a number of incidents in The Lord of the Rings which can be interpreted as telepathy in one sense or another. The one sequence I'm aware of which features extended conversation via telepathy is the scene of Galadriel, Elrond and Gandalf conversing without the use of speech in the chapter "Many Partings." In his circa 1960 essay "Ósanwe Kenta," Tolkien discusses the use of ósanwe ("interchange of thoughts") and sanwe latya ("thought opening") among the incarnate beings of Middle Earth. He writes that affinity (due to kinship, love or friendship), urgency ("imparted by great need of the 'sender' … joy, grief, or fear") and authority (the relationship between a leader and his/her follower) can all contribute to greater ease of communication via the interchange of thoughts. Naturally, considering his generally dismissive attitude toward the Orcish peoples, Tolkien shows us no specific examples of telepathic communication between Orcs. But we know from the sequence of Galadriel, Elrond and Gandalf's conversation that it is a skill practiced by at least some Elves. Orcs are often said to be "ruined Elves." My interpretation, which I will develop in these chronicles, is that they are a mixed-race people, descended from Elves and from most or all of the other peoples of Middle Earth. With Orcs having Elvish ancestry, I see no reason why Tolkien's ósanwe should not be practiced by Orcs just as much as by any other incarnate beings of Middle Earth. My Uglúk and Mauhúr, as father and son, have affinity, their situation has plenty of urgency, and they also have a leader and follower relationship: in other words, they have the three factors that Tolkien cites as increasing the ease of "thought opening" communication between individuals. It seemed to me a fairly easy leap to postulate that they, along with many other Orcs who have the same sorts of ties binding them, are capable of telepathic communication.