if he asked himself why he hadn't brought a book. I shrugged and finished his sentence:" And thus gained knowledge about his defeat. Right?" The Valar sighed: "Yes, he did. And-" "Wouldn't he try to change it then?" I interrupted, watching Death as he had sat himself down and waited for that Valar to be finished. "He does! He does! That's the reason he brought - what was her name again?- Mary to Middle-Earth!" The Valar told me. "Great! I just fail to see, where that's my problem!" I snapped and dropped myself to the floor. Okay, I admit, I can get rather errrm unfriendly, too. But I plead for clemency! I am more or less dead right now. Death grinned, as always, but the Valar shook his head. "Well, I brought you here..." I jumped up, interrupting him again: "So you killed me!" He looked as if he wanted to say something, but Death intervened helpfully. "BASICALLY YOU'RE NOT DEAD, YOU'RE JUST UNDERGOING A NEAR-DEATH EXPERIENCE." "I don't care, okay? I am dead! And if I survive, I am going to be and invalid for the rest of my pitiful life!" I hate it! I HATE IT! Now the Valar sighed: "I brought you here on purpose. Sauron knows that he cannot change what is going to come. That is if everything goes as planned. Mary wasn't planned and she could mess up everything." I looked at him. Something dawned to me, but I shoved it into the back of my mind and settled for being annoying: "Could? You know, she IS going to mess everything up. And do not even bother to send me with her. She would never listen to me." I smiled innocently. Is it my fault, that she won't see reason? The Valar rubbed his temples - ah, so Valar can get headaches, too! "She might not listen to you, but she might listen to someone else? She wouldn't be able to recognize you." Okay, so he wanted me to go with her. Great. You see, that's the first part of the circumstances I meant, but only the first part. It gets worse. Believe me. I thought about it. He offered me to go to Middle-Earth, one of my greatest dreams ever. I would have to take care of a Mary-Sue called Mary. What weighed more? Advantages or disadvantages? Going to Middle-Eart versus Mary. Seeing places I had always dreamt of versus Mary . Eh... you get the thing... "What would happen, if I declined your, errm 'offer'?" I asked suspiciously. Death and Valar looked at each other. It took a moment until the Valar spoke: "Well, you would get send back into your body and as you said, you'd most likely not be able to 'lift a spoon'. If you survived at all." "WHY SHE WOULD SURVIVE, DEFINETLY. THERE'S STILL SAND IN HER TIMER." Death, of course, who else? "Fine. You would survive." That Valar again. I wanted to speak at this, but he went on: "However, if you went to Middle-Earth and took care of Mary and, well, the future as it is planned, then there could be a solution to that problem." Stunned I stared at him. He wanted to blackmail me into taking care of Mary? Nooooo. No, no. "No freaking damn way! Even if I have to be trapped inside my body for the rest of my damned life, there's no way I'll babysit Mary! She's a freaking braindead zombie, caring only about her hairstyle, nails and make up!" Both stared at me, once again. Well, I have very little sense of self-preservation. On the other hand... Having to rely on others for everything. Even going to toilet. No more privacy. No more sparring.. No more damn living! Maybe I should reconsider? "Uhm... I think I take that last statement back?" Dammit, they must think me to be insane, but hey! Who cares. They are 'only' Death and a Valar. By the way, what's DEATH doing here? Shouldn't be on the Disc? The Valar beamed at me. Great a Valar that's as insane as me... "Now that's settled then! You see in your new ... body... you'll have different, er, abilities than you could have in this one. However you have to be patient and grow used to them." New ... body... I do not like that pausing, that seems to be something bad, really bad, even worse than bad! I gulped, opened and closed my mouth, gulped again, felt an expression of horror spreading over my face. "Reconsidering again is not an option, I assume?" That cursed Valar grinned at me, negated it. I dropped my head and muttered a sarcastic "Great." "Now be ready for dimension-travelling, little girl. And... think of a name for yourself!" With these last words he waved at me and I felt myself dissipate. "Wait!" I shouted. The dissipating stopped. "What now?" A seemingly annoyed Valar groaned. I smiled at Death "Why are you here and not on the Disc?" "I AM THERE AS WELL." Great that much I knew! I inhaled to speak again, but Death went on. "BUT ROUNDWORLD DEATH TOOK A DAY OFF." I had to laugh. "It was cool to meet you, Death. I hope we won't see each other too soon again." I grinned lopsidedly and Death even laughed. That was great, worth dieing even! "Could we now get on with this?" asked our friend the Valar. I nodded, he waved I dissipated again. Or maybe just my consciousness dissipated, well, that thing called 'soul'. Then there was nothing. A/N.: So, that's it for now. As I said, I don't know where this is going to lead to. However I have already a few situations in mind, but please, if you have ideas for this, I'd love to hear them. Lilian's doom isn't total yet, she can decline, I mean taking care of a Sue? But even if she accepts, there's a little something in store for her :D