to travel. No, the Halfling could not be allowed to journey on into dangers unbeknownst to all present, even the elderly and wise. Who, then, would take it? Who would be able to withstand corruption at the figurative hands of the Ring and, in essence, Sauron himself?. On all sides of him Boromir could see no one looking willing to offer himself up for the task, though at the same time none could refuse watching the Ring as if waiting for it to choose its Bearer, someone who seemed strong, but would crumble at the Ring's most opportune moment. On his right Faramir placed two fingers to his lips in thought and then very slowly turned in his seat to meet his brother's gaze. They shared a look of deepest thought, for they knew what the other was rolling over in his mind: their father. If either of them were to volunteer, what would their father expect of them? Denethor had made it very clear to Boromir before he set out that the Ring could be the very object to save their people from further slaughter, to restore Gondor to its former glory and earn the respect and admiration of Rohan, its ever stronger brother. The Ring could bring back life to their people, but that was not the reason for Boromir's urge to claim it. His brother had lived in his shadow, always been second best to him, and always had to endure their father's unloving criticism. Faramir was nothing in Denethor's eyes but the cause of his beloved's death, for Boromir and Faramir's mother had passed on to the next world as she brought Faramir into the present one. For this, Faramir had never had the love of his father, which was why he had followed Boromir, to escape their father's wrath, for they both knew that if Faramir had stayed behind, Denethor would have sought out every opportunity to compare him to Boromir and point out his flaws. His brother deserved so much more than what life had given him in place of what their father should have given him. If they took up the burden together, chose the road to probable death and likely failure, but succeeded, Denethor might just come to forgive Faramir for something that his son had never intended. Boromir did not know whether his brother was under the influence of the same thoughts, but if he made the decision, Faramir would side with him, he was certain. Across from him he saw that Gandalf's eyes were on him, penetrating his very being as if—almost as if—he knew what thoughts were brewing in Boromir's head. He rose slowly from his seat, feeling the eyes of the Council on him and exhaled. His voice did not falter as he trailed his gaze from Elrond, to Frodo, to Gandalf. "I wish to accept this task." He thought he saw a shadow of a smile flicker over the wizard's face and then saw utter relief on the Halfling's while Elrond regarded him with a stern raise of his symmetrical eyebrows. "And what reason do you have that leads you to believe that you are better suited than all who sit here?" asked the Elven Lord and Boromir felt a small twinge of fear. Elrond could foresee certain things; had he seen Boromir's use of the Ring or perhaps Boromir's wish for taking it? He could very well have suspicions that Boromir was acting on his father's behalf and not his own. "I seek no other use of the Ring than to carry it to its place of destruction. I would not take it for myself or for any other, least of all one who would use it for personal gain," said Boromir, hoping that Elrond read the underlying meaning in his words. After a moment, it seemed that Elrond appeared satisfied with his answer and the latter then appealed to the Council. "If there are any here who see a valid reason to deny Boromir this quest, let him now speak." Hope kindled in Boromir's heart as he examined the Councils' faces, all of which were showing signs of surprise and sorrow, but not disapproval. Elrond bowed his head respectively and beckoned Frodo to him. "If it is well with you, I bid you pass your burden on, Frodo Baggins, to the new Ring-bearer." Frodo seemed ever so small standing before Boromir as he removed the Ring from the tablet and held it up for Boromir to take, but as he placed it in Boromir's palm, his very form seemed to grow in size. Boromir saw a strong being, one who had not been led astray and one who willingly handed his burden over because he trusted that Boromir would see the task through to the end. The Hobbit had faith in him. "I would accompany him," said Faramir, standing up to come to Boromir's side. "Of course, this task cannot be undertaken without companions," said Gandalf, rising more slowly in his old age. "If there are those here who wish to escort the Ring and its bearer, have them step forward now." As one, Haldir, Grima, Théoden, Eomer, and one of the two men travelers stood up, but the number of supporters did not shock anyone more than Elrond's act of stepping down from his elevated seat and joining the company. Even Gandalf displayed genuine surprise at the Elf Lord's decision. "Boromir, we pledge here to protect you on your quest as far as we dare go, whether that be one league or one hundred thousand. This company, this Fellowship shall help you achieve this goal, if you are certain that you wish to undertake all the perils the Ring has to offer." The Ring was heavy in Boromir's hand, heavier than any other of its kind, but not to the point where he could not hold it. The cool metal licked his palm as he closed his fingers around it for the first time.