the distance. There were none that he could see – had he come further than he'd thought? There was nothing for it but to start walking, he reasoned. Using his axe as support, Gimli got to his feet and surveyed the land. Was that the flicker of a lantern in the distance? Most likely, he decided. He studiously ignored the possibility that his desired destination was in the opposite direction. This chance route seemed as good as any – better, even, since it appeared to follow the stream, and he was certain he had used the water to guide him on his way. He would need some light. Perhaps an elf could walk this journey gracefully, but the dwarf knew better than to think he wouldn't stumble over every tree root in his path. After fumbling in his pockets, he withdrew his box of matches, lit one and held it before him. The effect was unimpressive, illuminating only a hand span of the area around the match. "Blasted thing," Gimli muttered, stooping down to inspect the ground for some stick or small branch he might transfer the flame to. No sooner had he done this when the match was knocked ferociously from his hand and snuffed out. He jerked upwards sharply and squinted through the darkness, spying the glimmer of the elf's blond hair. Legolas? "What in the-" "Be still, dwarf," the elf snapped, and Gimli did so, out of confusion if not obedience. "Do you wish to burn our woods down?" This certainly was not good-natured Legolas. "Nay," Gimli protested, "merely find a light to guide me back to the camp." He heard, rather than saw, the smirk on the elf's face when he spoke. "I see. Forgive me; I forget that your kind are not blessed with the senses that my people have. But that is neither here nor there. Why did you leave your camp in the first place, dwarf?" Gimli's eyes narrowed. "What business is it of yours? Is it a crime to wander in your lands, elf?" As his eyes adjusted to the darkness he saw that his accuser held a long knife in his hand. It was pointed at the ground and not him, but nonetheless, Gimli would have preferred for it to be in its sheath. "Not a crime," the elf replied slowly. "A liability." Gimli scoffed. "What danger would I find in these woods, elf?" "That is not for me to say," the blond said silkily. "Your company has led a band of goblins to our borders. Whereabouts are those foul creatures now?" The dwarf ground his teeth together and stood at his full height. "I dare say I could hold my own against any strays." The very thought that he could not was preposterous. Who was this elf to insinuate such things? As though he had read Gimli's mind, the elf, with a sly smile, explained, "I am a warden of Lorien, dwarf. It is my duty to protect our guests from finding…trouble." Gimli was stood in stunned silence, so that he did not notice immediately when Legolas leapt down from his perch in the tree until he stepped beside him. "What trouble could master Gimli, of the fellowship, possibly find in the safety of the wood?" Legolas asked softly. The guard did not miss the warning in his voice, and was silent for a moment. Where before the Lorien elf was arrogant, he was now humble. The presence of one of his own kind – a prince at that – had apparently shaken some humility into him. "I know not, my lord. My captain instructed me to stand watch over your company's camp tonight, and I am merely following those orders." The elf was a poor liar, Gimli thought, if this was the best response he could muster. "Your concern for our welfare is appreciated, but unnecessary. I suggest you report to your captain and return to your home." Legolas' tone of voice hinted that his words were not intended as a mere suggestion. The guard appeared torn. Gimli stood silent throughout the exchange. He had never been one to allow others to fight his battles for him, but he was no fool. Perhaps this was not a battle he could ever win. He did not dare to turn to Legolas as the elf, obviously deliberating over his predicament, finally offered a short bow. No more words slithered from his lips as he darted into the shadows and disappeared from view. At least, he was not visible to Gimli. He was sure that the woodland elf beside him kept watch over his retreat for far longer. After the warden's departure, Legolas glanced at him, a slight frown on his face, as though he was not sure if he would be thanked or berated for his actions. Gimli had always welcomed the help of his friends, of course. He inhaled deeply. Aye, his father would have a thing or two to say if he saw his son now. Hesitantly, he offered the elf a smile. Verbalisations of thanks were not something he handled well and he felt such an act would now be even more troublesome for him than ordinarily. The flash of relief on Legolas' face was quickly replaced by a shy smile of his own. Aye, whether he liked it or not, Gimli had been helped by a friend tonight. As had Legolas. Together, they returned to the Fellowship's camp to rest for what little of the moon's course remained. A/N: Thank you if you have made it this far! I hope it was enjoyable for you. This is my first posting in 3½ years, so I would dearly appreciate any feedback you could offer – please leave a review! :-) Also, I wrote this in a different house to the one my copy of the book is in, so I apologise if this strays from canon in any way. I was unable to check this against the book.