the natural forces of the world. He turned to face an orc that had scurried up from the gate. "Master! Elves, dozens of them!" He screamed at his master. "So I see, now hurry back, scum!" Perthor replied. The orc scurried back the way it came. Perthor would not let his sworn enemy defeat him on the battlefield today. His gaze turned back to his oncoming horde of attackers, and merely smirked. "What is this place, I've never seen this before, and is on none of the maps?" Andris questioned, yet no one replied. Kelken unsheathed his sword and raised it. He knew the battle was going to end one way or another, now that the element of surprise was gone. "Men and elves of the west, a new evil threatens your lands, and now is the time to end it!" Kelken shouted to his fellow warriors. The elven army chanted in approval and pulled out their blades. Meanwhile, Kelken pointed forward, and an onrush of elven soldiers charged past him into the gates of Dol Raghar. He soon followed, along with Nofan and Andris. As the battle progressed, it was clear that the elves had the upper hand in this battle. Orcs fell fast with the swipe of elven blades and tumbled to the ground with the bombardment of elven arrows. Kelken, in the midst of fighting, caught sight of Perthor, who stood watch over the battleground below. "Watch out!" Shouted a sudden voice from behind the three. An extremely large rock, glazed with ice came crashing down from the sky, landing a bit away from the three, but successfully hitting a fair amount of elven soldiers. "What the hell was that?!" Nofan shouted, retracting his blade from an orc's skull. "It's Perthor! He is using magic against us!" Shouted Andris. The three looked up to see Perthor, arms raised, intervening in the battle below. Kelken turned to both Andris and Nofan. "Let's end this!" He said, and began a charge for the stairwell that led to the main fortress. Andris and Nofan looked at each other, and nodded, and soon after followed Kelken. Perthor had stopped his bombardment of magic and was now patiently waiting on the three charging to his fortress. He merely stood waiting. After minutes of slashing and chopping, the three had now managed to reach the top floor of the fortress. Only Perthor stood there. Kelken stood forward and pointed his blade. "It's over, give up, your outnumbered!" Kelken aggressively shouted. Perthor laughed insanely. He turned to face them and with one quick smirk, he vanished from plain sight. Stunned, the three began searching the current area for his whereabouts. "I see nothing, maybe he wasn't the real copy…" Questioned Nofan. "No, he was definitely real I kno-" Andris spoke before suddenly feeling a sharp pain within her chest. She gasped for air as she looked down to see the hand of Perthor, plunged through her and through her back. She could not scream, the pain was too excruciating to handle. Turning to Andris, Kelken saw what had happened… "Andris NO!" Kelken yelped, gaining the attention of Nofan, who was shocked at what had happened. Perthor once again disappeared, and left Andris on the floor. Kelken dropped his sword and ran to Andris' aid. She was still alive. "Please, c'mon don't die on me; I need you, more than you know!" Kelken shouted, whilst sobbing over Andris. For some reason she was smiling, and held her hand up to comfort Kelken's cheek. "I…I love you…" She said with all her might. "I love you too, now c'mon I'll get you out of here I will!" He spoke to her, grasping her arm tightly, not wanting to let go. But as he was consoling Andris, Perthor had reappeared and was not attacking Nofan. Nofan attempted to slash at his attacker but missed, and Perthor took advantage of this, tossing Nofan into the wall to the left, that, with such a force, knocked him unconscious. He now turned his attention onto Kelken. Perthor smirked, and once again vanished. Kelken searched for his blade but remembered he had dropped it. His eyes begun stinging for his tears would not stop. Still holding Andris, he notice her hand him her sword, and then nodded…he nodded in return…as he knew what was about to happen. Kelken took in a breath and held the hilt of Andris' sword backwards, then gripped tightly. Suddenly, Perthor reappeared behind Kelken and was poised to strike! Kelken smirked at the dying Andris and with one swift movement, pulled her blade backwards and straight through Perthor's chest. Kelken had predicted his reappearance. He gently laid Andris' head on the ground and rose, taking the sword out whilst doing so. "No more, you have drawn your last breath dark lord of the west!" And drove the sword through Perthor's chest once more. Perthor instantly began fogging up into a dark mist, before disappearing altogether, this time however, dead. Nofan woke up suddenly and slowly crawled his way to Kelken and Andris. She looked at Kelken one final time, smiled, and dropped her head, lifeless. Kelken closed her eyes, and took her blade instead of his own. There were footsteps suddenly heard from the entrance of the top floor and five bloodied elven soldiers, including Hlanine, rushed in to announce victory, but once they caught sight of Andris, their cheers where short-lived. Word had also reached them of Sauron's destruction for good, for Frodo of the Shire had destroyed the one ring and all its potency. Something only people of this age had ever dreamed of finally came into being. A new age of peace was at hand, now that Perthor too had also been destroyed. But at what cost? Kelken now had to wander the realm of middle-earth, alone…well…not entirely alone, Nofan would keep him company for as long as he could. For the memory of Andris would forever live on in their hearts. THE END…