would seem, in some inconceivable way, it made sense. Thrice Sam shook his head in an attempt to jostle the thought from his brain but it would not leave him. Several minutes passed ere Sam awoke from his shocked stupor, and he awoke in the most stunning of fashions. "What if it is true?" He blurted, the words tumbling from his mouth before he could stop them. Three pairs of astonished eyes came to rest on him. Sam heard the sound of his lungs, breathing hard and fast. "What's that, Sam?" Pippin managed, his eyebrows so high upon his forehead Sam swore they would climb past his hairline and mingle among the curls. Sam took a few breaths, trying to becalm his racing heart. "What if Mister Legolas is . . . expecting?" Of a sudden his throat felt dry and parched, as a desert untouched by water for many months. His voice cracked. "Sam, that iss ridiculous," Frodo reasoned, his voice sounding incredulous, "I am sure Legolas is just ill. He was holding his stomach the whole time he was here." "Faramir mentioned a small grippe among a few of the townspeople. That is probably to blame." Pippin had earlier conversed with the Steward of Gondor, and vaguely recalled the subject coming up. It seemed a reasonable enough explanation, the more he thought about it. Legolas had caught what the townspeople had spread. "But Pippin, Elves do not get sick. Or catch the grippe," Sam exclaimed, a flood of emotions sweeping across his face. "Surely they have upset stomachs." "But I saw him!" "You saw him what?" Merry, Pippin and Frodo asked as one, growing more and more concerned for their panicking companion. "Knitting!" Sam cried, making a wild gesture with his arms. "Knitting the smallest of socks!" He did not know what color of reaction he had anticipated. Forsooth, he was not entirely sure if any one of the Hobbits would believe him. Surely they saw him as a madman by now. A heavy silence fell upon them, all consuming as a thick fog. Sam imagined the minutes that ticked past were some of the most awkward of his life. He was glad to see them go. The four Hobbits sat, each doing his best to hold the gaze of the other three. At long last the silence was broken, dispelling as though a great zephyr had swept through it. "I love to knit," Merry said carefully. "How about you, Pip?" He raised a brow to encourage the other. "Hm? Oh, yes. I do it all the time. I knitted these socks." Pippin said equally carefully, pointing to the socks that he did not, in fact, have on. Sam groaned, throwing his hands over his face as a means of hiding. Frodo sat quietly and calculatingly. Sam watched miserably as the awkward silence resumed. He knew very well that Merry and Pippin were lying through their teeth. It was a preposterous idea to have voiced, but how could they not see it? "Do you think it is possible?" Pippin asked meekly, having leaned in close to all in order to whisper. It was a conspiracy now. It felt only natural to whisper about something so dangerous, so wild, so mysterious. "I do not know, Pip." Merry answered, his eyes wide and voice low. "I mean. . . I suppose, in some unimaginable way that it could happen. He is an Elf, maybe it works that way?" Merry could scarcely believe that he was explaining such an idea. Sam peered out from betwixt his fingers. Mayhap he had not gone mad, Merry and Pippin were curious now as well. "Mister Frodo, what do you think?" Sam could not bring himself to look. He squished his eyelids closed, so nervous was he. Faintly he could hear the scuff of Frodo's feet as he stood. Timidly, Sam opened one eye. "Mister Frodo?" "I think we ought to ask Strider, just to disprove what you are thinking." Frodo announced, having reached a sound resolution. Although the facts added up in their outre way, Frodo knew that there was a logical explanation for this mix up. He had sensed something amiss with Legolas, but nothing of this sort. And it would certainly not help anybody to go about spreading rumors about something that had hardly any basis. Frodo could picture the chaos now. Bilbo had taught him much about the customs of Elves. If rumor spread that Legolas, even if it is possible, which it is not , was 'expecting' it would cause horrible complications. Elven wedlock was consummation by the traditions of Men. If Legolas was 'expecting,' which he is not , that would mean that he was married, and Frodo was quite certain that he was not. Elves typically married upon coming of age, between fifty and one hundred years of life, which meant that Legolas' being unmarried was a peculiarity caused either because of his status or by his own will. Either way, there was a reason behind it. It was said that one could distinguish between the voices of those married and those not. Frodo had no such skill, but Aragorn and many others did. If anyone bechanced to overhear, however, it would give Legolas troubles innumerable. Being immortal did not mean that an Elf spent their whole existence occupied by lustful fancies. Legolas was a virgin, could not in any way be 'expecting' and belike could be insulted if accused. These thoughts spurred Frodo's haste. "I think we ought to ask now, before anyone overhears you saying such things." Frodo began to walk down the courtyard path, in the direction he had seen Aragorn take Legolas. They would find Aragorn, tell him of their misconceptions and be done with it. Frodo was reassured by the pitter patter of Hobbit feet behind him, sprinting to catch up. The next chapter will be posted shortly, I really hoped you liked it. Reviews are appreciated, too. Thanks for reading! - Papercut