injured in time. And time was not something that Legolas, or he for that matter, had much of. Legolas started to tremble in his arms, and Aragorn pulled the Elf closer to his body. The man looked up towards the sky, where the sun was just beginning to set behind emerald treetops. Night would come soon; they could not stay where they were. Legolas started to cough, but he was too weak to even do that. He still shivered violently, and Aragorn spoke softly to him and stroked his hair. He spoke in Elvish, reverting back to the language that even w hen you spoke it, it sounded like a beautiful song. Aragorn hardly knew what he was talking about as he spoke, only that he needed to keep Legolas awake. He was afraid that if Legolas feel asleep, he would never wake up again. Aragorn didn't even know he was crying until one of his tears fell off his cheek, and landed on Legolas' fluttering eyelash. "Please, mellon nin, " he pleaded, "I cannot lose you, you cannot ask me to go on without you. You are my best friend, my strength… Legolas, please." Legolas stirred slightly in his arms, and Aragorn opened his mouth to say more, when a glint caught the corner of his eye. He looked up, and was startled to find six Elves surrounding him, and six arrows pointing at his face. His vision swirled and he could barely open his mouth to speak. "Legolas poisoned…needs Lord Elrond," he gasped, his breath suddenly eluding him. "Estel?" One of the archers asked in surprise, having not recognized the Man at first. "Is that you?" He lowered his bow, and motioned for the other Elves to do the same. Aragorn recognized the honey-haired Elf, which his fair features and amiable smile, but could not remember his name as his mind spun and his vision dimmed. "Legolas needs help," he choked out. The last thing he saw was the Elves reaching down and picking up both him and Legolas at once, because he would not let go of his friend, even as unconsciousness took its gentle hold over him. Aragorn fluttered his eyes, and was assaulted by an unexpected brightness. He opened them again, slower this time, allowing himself to adjust. There was a soft pillow under his head, and thick blankets over him. He didn't know where he was as first, but then it all came rushing back to him. The Orcs attacking, Legolas' injuries, him falling, the Elves coming… "Legolas," he breathed, suddenly worried. He didn't know how long he had been in Elrond's healing room, for now he recognized the place. He had no word of if his friend was even alive. He moved to push the covers back, when a hand stopped him. "Easy, Aragorn," said a figure that materialized next to him. His voice was musical, and the simple sound of it made Aragorn want to cry. Golden hair came into view, crowned by the sunlight that streamed in from behind the head. Legolas' fair features smiled down at him gently, though there was worry on his face. His eyes shone a blue that even the clearest sky could never compete with. Aragorn went to rise, but Legolas pushed him down again gently when he saw the man wince. "You are still healing, don't injure yourself further," Legolas ordered sternly. Aragorn looked down at himself for the first time, noticing the white bandages that covered his arm, chest and leg. He still felt light-headed, but the pain was dulled. Aragorn's eyes ran over his friend protectively, noting that the Elf had similar bandages over his wounds, but he was looking healthy. "How long have I been asleep?" Hunter asked as he started to move around under the covers, testing to see how well his sore body could function. "About two days," the Elf answered as he sat on the side of the bed. "Lord Elrond was able to get the antidote to the poison in time," the unspoken words of relief were left on the air. " Hannon le, mellon nin " he said softly after a moment. "Think nothing of it, Legolas," Aragorn answered simply. "You saved my life!" The Elf exclaimed emotionally, his eyes alight with fire. "You carried me when your own injuries would have slain a lesser man. You did not leave me behind when my strength failed me and I could go no further." Legolas' words died out slowly, as though he did not mean to say so much. Aragorn looked at his fair-faced friend, the emotion he usually kept in control behind a calm expression broken. The man lifted himself slowly into a position where he was able to look Legolas straight in the eye. "You think I would leave you?" Legolas shifted, clearly uncomfortable with the situation. Nothing of his Elvish confidence and sureness was evident at the moment. He looked like a little boy, lost and afraid. Aragorn placed a hand on the Elf's shoulder, even though the movement ached his body. "Legolas, you are my brother. Not by blood, but by something even stronger. By the knowledge that I have shared everything important in my life with you. By friendship, by the fact that I would give my life for you in a second and I know you would do the same for me. If something where to ever happen to you, my heart would never heal." Legolas looked up at his friend, knowing that there was no lie in Aragorn's eyes. He placed his hand on his friend's shoulder also, and looked at his handsome face. "You have my loyalty, and my brotherhood. You know this." Aragorn nodded, and the two were silent for a few moments, each reflecting on their thoughts. And as the sun streamed through the window and bathed them both in light, they knew that they had found a friendship that would last until the end of their days.