Thranduil's right, talking quietly to Tanthalas, who he was sitting next to. Everyone looked up as the threesome walked in and took their seats. Legolas and Gimli both had everyone in the room staring at them, but they both tried their best to ignore this. "Mae govannen." Legolas said brightly to the table. "Legolas...you're back." Tanthalas said after a pause in which no-one else said anything. Everyone seemed unsure of how to act. "I am. This is Gimli, son of Glóin, from the Fellowship. I thought explaining our journey might be easier with two people than one. Right Gimli?" Legolas explained. "Yes." Gimli agreed. He eyed the table. One of his biggest worries about coming to Mirkwood -ahem, Eryn Lasgalen- was the food. The food and drink. What did Elves have on their tables? That he could eat happily, that was. There seemed to be quite normal foods, though - meat and vegetables, mainly. He could deal with that. Drinking was another matter entirely, though. All that was on the table was wine, with a few jugs of water. It was dorwinion wine of course, but it made no difference to Gimli. Wine was wine. Legolas quickly spotted this dilemma and turned to his father. "Adar, is there any ale about?" Thranduil, who had been taking a sip of wine at the time, nearly choked. It took him only a split second to recover himself, though. "Ale? I doubt it." He looked at Gimli and continued, "I dare say we could order some from Esgaroth, though." "We'd probably be gone by the time it arrived here, though." Legolas admitted. "There's probably no point." "Are you not planning on staying long then?" Maegóre asked, purposely not looking at the Dwarf. "No. We're moving onto Erebor soon. Gimli, I'm afraid you're going to have to have water. Unless you want to try some of the Dorwinion? I'm sorry, I should of thought ahead." Legolas apologized. "Water is fine." Gimli said. "Erebor? Where the nau- the Dwarves live?" Maegóre asked incredulously, leaning forward on the table in order to stare at his brother in amazement. "Yes. Do you want potatoes, Gimli?" Legolas said. Thranduil shot Maegóre a warning look. Legolas and Gimli clearly had a very deep friendship. "Please." Gimli said. Words just could not describe how uncomfortable he felt right there. He was checking his body language, facial expression and speech for the slightest error. He couldn't speak or act freely as he would normally of done, but he supposed Legolas was a Prince and it would only be polite to show his face at the evening meal, especially after such a long absence. No-one said anything for a few minutes after that. Gimli suspected that it would of been very different if he had not been there. There would of been chatting and laughter and smiles all around. Instead, everyone ate in silence, and even the rest of the hall was filled with only quiet whispers and murmers. No-one looked at anyone else and just stared at their plates, or occasionally their goblets. Finally Legolas, unable to bear it any longer decided to start up a conversation. "Estel and Arwen have got married." "Oh?" Thranduil asked, although he had known that. "Yes. We stayed in Minas Tirith in time to see their wedding, and then went onto the Glittering Caves and Fangorn Forest." "Fangorn Forest?" Thranduil asked. Legolas had written to him telling him the very basics of what he had to know, but hadn't told him that he would be visiting. "What was it like?" "Oh, it was amazing." Legolas shifted slightly in his seat so he could glare at Gimli. "It was very open, free and fresh." "Come off it." Gimli snorted. "Did you see the architecture in those caves? Magnificent. I've never seen anything like it." "It was good. But there were tonnes and tonnes of rock above us, Gimli! How could you possibly breath?" "Quite easily. That forest was just awful. Roots everywhere, and I never want to see the colour green again!" This conversation carried on for the rest of the meal, while everyone else listened with interest. When everyone was finished, Legolas excused himself and Gimli to go up to their rooms. "Aren't you going to tell us about you little adventure?" Maegóre suggested none-too-subtly. "It's a long story, and I'm sure it can wait for one more day." Legolas pointed out. "Goodnight." "Goodnight." Thranduil and a few other Elves at the table said in unison. "Goodnight." Gimli said gruffly at a pointed look from Legolas. Once again, Legolas and Gimli left the hall with every single pair of eyes upon them. Neither of them said a thing as they headed up to Legolas's rooms. As soon as they were gone, Maegóre turned to his father. "What do you think?" "What do I think, of what?" Thranduil asked. "Everything. Legolas being back...that Dwarf." "Maegóre, I understand that you are concerned about your brother, but I do not want you to say anything to either of them. They are obviously close." "Too close." Maegóre muttered. Thranduil said nothing, but stood up. He didn't know what was going through Maegóre's head right now, and he didn't have time to find out. He had to go over and sign those requisition lists as well as all the border patrol reports, which would take well over an hour. Maegóre got up and left the table shortly after his father. He loved his brother, but had seen him get hurt too many times in the past. He wouldn't let that happen again. He had to find a way to speak with that Dwarf. Alone. Thanks for reading. Reviews would be wonderful (hint hint) as I would love to know what you thought (good, bad, awful, potential?) and concrit would be great too because I'm always looking for ways to improve my writing! :) :) :) :) :)P.S. If I continue with this, not all the chapters will be this long!