could you say such a thing?" Orophin snapped, watching Rúmil sink to the floor in slow motion. "Rúmil only did what he thought was best! He was thinking of only your life, and how much you have withdrawn lately." "I was withdrawn because I have to be the one with a level head. Others are counting on my orders, my experience, to get them through the battles that rage on our borders," Haldir snarled, pushing Orophin's hand off his shoulder. "Loyalty is one thing, Haldir," Orophin said, trying hard to concentrate on Haldir's fuming form and not see Rúmil trembling on the floor, "But too much can be dangerous. You have taken on too much responsibility. It has eaten away at your soul and left you lifeless and cold." Haldir recoiled, recalling the words that Galadriel had spoken earlier. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, hoping to calm the horrible feeling he was experiencing at the betrayal of his kin. When he opened his eyes, he glared menacing at Orophin, "You would have gone to the Lady yourself, had Rúmil not done so?" Orophin seemed hesitant and slowly nodded, "Yes, for I worry about you, Brother. The two of you are all I have on these shores, and I will not lose you so easily." Haldir felt as if he was going to vomit, but shook his head and sidestepped Orophin, "Your actions have done what you feared. Your betrayal can never be forgiven. When I return, I shall ask for a new flet, one away from the treachery that dwells here." Orophin felt as if he was physically stabbed in the heart, but his hand flew out, landing on Haldir's chest and preventing him from progressing, "There was no betrayal here, Haldir. There was only love and concern for our kin. Do not turn your back on ones that care for you." Haldir fumed at Orophin's words. Without thinking, his hand connected with Orophin's chest and sent him reeling onto his back, where he lay sprawled on the floor, looking sadly at his elder brother. "Ones that care for me would not betray me in such a way. Enjoy the time I am gone, for when I return, I shall remember this and punish my subordinates accordingly." With Haldir's last words lingering in the air like a black cloud, Orophin crawled over to Rúmil who was still slumped to the ground and wrapped his arms around his youngest sibling, "Be at peace, Rúmil." Orophin whispered, feeling the young elf tremble and clutch him tightly as he cried, "The Lady is wise. She will have her reasons for sending Haldir on such a quest. This will be a good thing, you will see." Rúmil did not answer. He kept his face buried against Orophin, feeling Haldir's words rip him to pieces and shatter his soul. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - -- The next morning, Haldir checked the fastenings on his mount. The air was unnaturally chilled, whipping around his face and causing his green-gray elven cloak to billow. He had expected a quiet departure and was quite surprised when Galadriel and Celeborn had stood awaiting him. Haldir bowed low and placed his hand over his heart. When he rose, Galadriel met his gaze with a look of clear disapproval. "May you journey safely," Celeborn said, giving the gesture of farewell. Galadriel's voice lacked the warmth of her husband, and gave Haldir a very curt farewell, "Here are some gold pieces to aid you in your travels." Haldir thanked the Lady and took the leather pouch she offered, tucking it in a hidden place on his saddle. Making sure his pack was secured, and the fastenings tightened, Haldir turned to address the two sovereigns, "You have my thanks, My Lady." Galadriel gave him a steely look and said sternly, "May you learn well." Haldir drew his brow at the tiding and with a confused look, mounted his horse and steered him onto the path that lead out of the great Elven city. "May the lands remain safe while I am away." Celeborn nodded and nearly dropped in surprise as Galadriel turned a cold shoulder and started up the spiral stairs, not even glancing behind her. Celeborn saw Haldir frown and signal his horse into a gait, taking him from the city he loved and guarded with his life. With a curious expression, the Lord of the Wood followed his wife to their flet. As Haldir rode from the city, he passed by two familiar elves, standing at the base of a large mallorn. Haldir gave a curt nod, then focused his attention to the road ahead and did not turn nor offer any words of farewell. Orophin placed his arm around Rúmil's shoulders, wishing he could ease the young elf's distress, and steered him back up the stairs beside the mallorn that the brothers had called home for many millennia. For a desperate, vengeful minute, Orophin wished the Lady had exiled their brother from the land, never to set foot again in the wood he sacrificed so much for. ---------------------------------------------- Well, what do you think? I have been away from this genre for a long time so I hope I can finish this up without too much confusion. I know the elves don't have a word for vacation, but to prevent confusion for my readers, I used a common word/expression that everyone can understand and don't need to go searching on translation websites. Please take a minute to click the little button and tell me what you think of the beginning. I'm not sure how many chapters this story will be, but I am nearly finished with the ending so I can update at a regular schedule. Thanks! PJ