elf fell to his knees, but he quickly too up his blade, and regained to his feet. "Back fiend! I've past this test once before, I shall do it again!" Glorfindel exclaimed, and charged toward the Witch-King. The Witch-King merely laughed as he suddenly rose above the ground, Glorfindel's attack missing its target and smashing his sword into the wall in front of him. The Nazgul hovered for a moment, before lowering to the courtyard and putting his hand up, toward Glorfindel's direction. Glorfindel placed up his guard, but was suddenly forced to the ground, and could not move. He struggled against the courtyard's floor as an invisible force was holding his against it. The Nazgul once again laughing. But his "entertainment" was cut short as the elf before him begun chanting in elvish and his grip was released. Whilst he unwillingly released his grip, he felt a sudden feeling of awe. For none had stood and passed the Witch-King's power. Stunned, the Witch-King raised his sword once more, and swung toward the elf. Glorfindel raised his sword and intercepted the swing of his sword. With every sword clash the Nazgul let out a screech as if anger drove each and every attack. This battle seemed evenly matched now that the Witch-King dare not cast magic in thinking the elf may use it against him. Fortunately, Haldir and the others had found their way toward Glorfindel and now stood at the gate, unable to break it down. "Glorfindel! Be careful!" Haldir shouted across the gate. The Witch-King heard the screams of the people that stood outside the area they were in, and shrieked. "You are outnumbered, spawn of Sauron!" Glorfindel chanted, smirking toward his attacker as he did. The Witch-King let out a screech and retracted his blade from battle. He looked skyward, drawing the attention of Glorfindel. The fell-beast had been called and was now staring at the sight below. It begun to ride downward toward its master and landed on a metal platform above its master. It let out a roar and waited its master's command. Glorfindel raised his guard once more, but as he did, the gate now forcefully rose, and entered Haldir and the men. The four of them stood in the centre of the stone courtyard and realised that the fell-beast stood above the exit. They were all trapped now, for the Witch-King had tactically thought this through. He once again, rose above the ground and parched upon his beast. " It is futile; you all now belong to the will of the dark lord!" Spoke the Witch-King, rejoicing in his apparent victory. "It's not over by a long shot!" Marcel shouted toward him. The Witch-King screeched again, making Marcel and Lecres scream and fall to their knees, the elves seeming unaffected. "Fools! I but await command of my master! If I had my way, you all would be under my blade, but he has a much larger plan for you four…" The Witch-King spoke, looking toward the east, to Mordor. But all of a sudden, as things seemed lost, the events quickly changed. As the fell-beast and its rider perched gracefully above the door, Rhodar, the dwarf, hastily ran through the corridor with his axe in hand, and let out a dwarven roar, before tossing his axe skyward, but not aimed at the fell-beast. His axe imbedded into a support that was holding the metal door intact. The Witch-King begun laughing away insanely…but was short-lived, for the dwarf had hit his target. The support that the axe had hit suddenly crumbled by the force it was hit, and the door collapsed, bringing the fell-beast and its rider crashing toward the courtyard. The five people, begun to cheer gracefully and watched as their enemy humiliated themselves as they struggled to gain to their feet. The fell-beast roared as it tossed the debris it had on it to the floor, the Witch-King let out a screech before mounting its beast. They both flew into a hover. " This is not over!" The Witch-King echoed, before him and his beast rode off into the east. "Thank you dwarf, we could not have asked for a better ending to this battle!" Thanked Glorfindel, bowing to his dwarven ally. "Aw ye'd be more than welcome! Took a lot of gut for me to step foot in here, but hey, it paid off!" Rhodar spoke, his ego slightly showing through. Marcel smiled toward the party that had assembled. For he did not expect to have survived such a travesty of Dol Guldur. Lecres turned toward his friend and gracefully bowed. "My king, please, tell me where I am needed." He spoke, making Marcel laugh. Marcel was now remembering his duty to his people. But he would first hold a grand memorial to those who had perished in Minas Morgul, but also vowed to return there… Glorfindel was speaking to Haldir, what of Marcel hadn't any idea. Rhodar suddenly looked skyward. Three familiar eagles came into sight above them. They landed on the walls of the courtyard. "Bit late aren't me?" Lecres spoke. "We could not enter Dol Guldur whilst the evil still lingered here!" Gwaihir replied, shaking his right wing in an attempt to adjust his position. "I am eternally thankful, men of the west. For if not found I would be eternally lost in the darkness." Haldir spoke toward Marcel and Lecres, who received his words and then bowed in return. "As we part ways, I hope we all meet again." Glorfindel spoke to his companions and smirking toward the dwarf. "Aye let it be." Rhodar replied. It seemed that amidst the travesty of the dark lord and all evil that lingers in each corner of Middle-Earth, the free peoples can find each other, and once bound; defeat any evil that enters their sight. For this company of men, elf and dwarf would be forever grateful to one another, and would one day, find themselves together again… The End.