petals, bathe in the black misty aura, touch the glinting dark thorns… thorns. Thorns! Bearded iris did not have thorns! "Arun. What are you- Release me." Loteriel breathed the order, the strain in her voice evident. Are they not enchanting? Would you like to pick some? No! No she...yes. Yes, she did. Loteriel reached the edge of the meadow and lowered herself to her knees. Panic surged through her as she lifted her hand and reached, but she couldn't stop herself. The flower was so beautiful. No. No. No… Loteriel's insides screamed. Her fingers curled around the stem, the thorns a hair away from piercing her skin. Roccotari screeched. "Loteriel! No!" Father? Her fingers clasped around the stem. Black thorns burrowed into her flesh. And pain surged through her like liquid fire through her veins. Gleaming with a mighty power, the Huntsman's flaming aura lit the meadow as he cut down the thicket with a mighty swing of his blade. The Vanyar at his flanks charged swiftly into the meadow. All were appalled by what they saw. The Lady Loteriel writhed on the ground, her cries and screams of agony cutting through them like blades. She lied upon a bed of black flowers… black flowers that were slowly fading into pure shadow and slithering through the icy air like snakes. The trails of shadow joined together in a mass of black flames that hugged the form of what looked to them like a small black fox that seemingly grew larger and larger with every flower that dismantled. Eerie, dark, cruel laughter echoed through the meadow as one by one the black blossoms converged with the black figure that grew to take the form of a towering armoured warrior of dark mist. Instantly wary, the Vanyar raised their blades high, their eyes focused on the danger growing before them. Most kept their gaze trained on the unknown stranger concealed by shadow, but a few allowed themselves to glimpse at the screaming Ainur at the figure's feet. "Who are you?" Orome asked, his tone sharp with power. Three words were all he said and yet the very ground seemed to somehow tremble in fear of the Huntsman's rage. "Show yourself!" The powerful Vala was responded with an echo of mocking, malicious laughter that very nearly drowned out the screams of his daughter. The golden Ainur dug her fingers into the ground and clawed at the earth, feeling as if she was burning from within. What the Vanyar and Vala saw were not flames however, what they saw were the seams within the Ainur's flesh grow dark, and her smooth skin seemed to slowly develop bruises of deep, dark mauve. The larger the shadow figure's aura grew, the more the bruises and seams grew, and the more Loteriel's agonized screams pierced the air. "Do you not remember me?" The dark voice boomed scornfully, the black flame like aura flourishing wildly. Orome's gaze was lethal, there was a fiery fury in his eyes that could have burned a mortal alive, but it did nothing to the shadow warrior standing over his screaming daughter. Suddenly, the shadows lashed out in a violent gust of wind. Eerie, evil laughter echoed in their ears, causing the Vanyar to clamp their hands over their ears in pain as they were thrown to the ground by the powerful gale. Now, only the Huntsman stood, his arm raised to shield his eyes as the laughter resonated throughout Fangorn, bringing coldness and despair to every plant and creature. It moved, the shadows hovered over the form of the warrior, completely subservient to him, as he shifted to stand over Orome's screaming daughter's fallen body. "Loteriel!" Orome roared, a strike of something horrible piercing through his celestial body. No. This was not happening. He was not losing his daughter. How could he? It was impossible! The Huntsman charged, his sword raised high, but he was forced back by the gale of dark winds, tossed back into the protective arms of his huntsmen. Incredulous, Orome's wide eyes stared at the figure before him. How?! This was impossible! The shadow figured believed otherwise. It was not impossible to crumple the force of the Lord of Forests. Far from it. Though Orome could not see the figure's face, somehow he knew, without a doubt, that he was smiling. Haughtily. Tauntingly. Maliciously. "You will." He whispered, the two words plunging the Huntsman of the Vala into a dark ocean of fear. Never before had he felt this way, never before had anyone dared even attempt to make him feel this way... Loteriel. His sweet, young daughter. A cloak of darkness draped over Loteriel's thrashing body. Orome roared and charged again, but he was much too late. The shadows pulsed violently, the power forcing back the Vala once again. A funnel of darkness whirled around the two, encasing them in whirling shadows and concealing them from the view of the Vala and his Vanyar. "You will remember me." The dark voice taunted one more. Then suddenly, they vanished. The funnel faded, the shadows dispersed, and when Orome and his hunters looked they found no trace of the black warrior or the golden Ainur. No trace at all. Not even the black bearded iris had remained. The only thing that remained behind was the chilled air and the echo of taunting laughter. I missed cliffhangers... Well, this was a brief chapter, but despite that I hope that you liked it! This time I will be writing for only one OC: Loteriel, also known as Nielqui. Nielqui is actually the name that I discovered in Tolkien lore, there is not much in her story besides her name and lineage though. I was sort of inspired by the story of Persephone here... As always, I welcome honest feedback and constructive criticism, though there is little to criticize at this point. And once again, thank you all so much for reading Nel Muinthil! I hope you like Melda Aranel as well.