softness in it that surprised her. He wore well-used boots, a simple tunic and leggings, and his horses bore no tack at all—which showed him to be a good rider and from within the walls. "I am fine, my Lord," she said, and though he reached a hand out to her, she eyed it with distrust. She rose to her feet quite smoothly on her own. "I thank you." The man looked at her and found that not only was she Elvish, she seemed very familiar somehow…but that was impossible. "Where have you journeyed from, my Lady? The Elvish kingdoms are far…Lothlórien, perhaps?" She seemed wary to say anything to agree or disagree with that assessment, so he continued, trying to make her a bit more at ease. She seemed nervous…like a skittish horse waiting for a reason to explode into motion. "I saw what happened," he said, nodding back towards his horses, which stood behind him. "I was nearby. He is a magnificent stallion…which I think he knows very well." He chuckled and the elf sighed, crossing her arms. "What is his name?" She glanced behind him towards his horses; the grey was looking towards her black and whinnying, the bay was still as a stone, watching the man speaking with her. "I…Avar is his name. I am a good rider," she said honestly, "but he simply ignores me and breaks into fits of bucking and rearing. Nothing I do seems to calm him." "You are an elf, my Lady," the man said softly and with a smile, "therefore, you were born to ride." She raised an eyebrow at him, and he continued, "Is there anything I can do to help?" She did not mean to sound haughty, but it came out that way. "Thank you, my Lord, but I think that if I can do nothing, there is nothing left to do but find him another master. This would seem a decent enough place to do so." He frowned. "Would you mind if I had a talk with him?" She shrugged, extending a hand, but stared at him, thinking of his words as he turned towards the black and walked over. Talk with him? "Avar, hmmm?" the man queried, watching the horse carefully. The horse lifted his head and suddenly noticed him; he began to turn away, whirling on his haunches, but the man snatched the end of the horse's bridle and looked the black right in the eye. "You are young…" he muttered, "you are testing this woman, are you not? That is not how we treat humans." The elf stared at him as he carried on a conversation with the horse; a seemingly one-sided conversation though Avar snorted a few times, but continued to stare into his face, very still. Finally, after about five minutes, the man released the horse's bridle. "Respect her; she has treated you well. You have no right to teach her anything, young as you are." There was a loud snort from the black, and he lowered his head, nibbling grass near the man's feet. Behind the man, the bay peeled back his lip and whinnied loudly, the grey bobbing his head up and down and flinging it into the air. The man turned back to her and walked back to her side. "He wishes you to know he is sorry for his behavior," he said softly, watching the black. "He promises to better honor you, but he would like you to please call him by the name he has chosen for himself." The elf stared at him, incredulous that this man had in any way spoken with her horse; he was a simple mortal…and was almost certainly mad . And really, the horse choosing his own name? What did he think she was? "And, pray," she said, sarcasm dripping in her voice, "tell me what is this name, stranger?" "He wishes for his name to be Morlómërog," the man said with a smile, and the black whinnied, tossing his head up and snorting. "He said it is mighty, where Avar is a mare's name." He shook his head. "His words, but he is a bit headstrong, and has a high opinion of himself." The elf's eyes narrowed at him. Who was this man? Her temper suddenly flared. Being insulted by a mere mortal was not to be borne; she was Eldar, immortal, practically revered. "Who are you? A man, a simpleton, who has no right to put words in beasts' mouths when they do not speak themselves and certainly no right to tell me what to name my horse." He looked to her, and suddenly realized how insulted she looked…and found himself discovering that she had not believed a single word that he had said had come from the horse's mouth. "My Lady—" "Not another word, please!" she snapped, holding up her hand, and striding away from him to grasp her horse's bridle. "I will deal with my horse as I wish, and I most certainly need no more help to be insulted, especially from strangers such as you. Thank you, but no thank you. Ride back to wherever it is you came from, and quickly. Good day ." She tugged the black's reins and he followed along behind her, as good as his word to the man. The gate was not very far; she could get there on foot. Figuring he had better keep his mouth shut, the man sighed and watched after her. "It was nice to have met you, my Lady," he sighed. He knew enough to leave a lady alone, especially when a flare of temper appeared. He spread a hand out towards her in a grandiose gesture, laughing at his own foolishness. "Welcome to Gondor! Enjoy your stay in my fair city." He turned slowly back to Brego and Asfaloth. Brego snorted and shook his head. Aragorn slapped him under the chin and he popped his head up, squealing. "What are you laughing at, mellon nîn?"