pregnant, nor . . . he paused in his thoughts . . . nor did the room smell of impending death. "I'm here," Merry murmured with a surprised tone. Estella, Pippin and Diamond all looked at one another. "Where else would you be, darling?" Estella said worriedly. "I . . . You wouldn't believe me. Come here." Merry pulled his wife to his chest, squeezing her tightly. It was then he noticed his right hand was clenched. So tightly clenched that it had gone numb. "What is wrong with my hand?" he asked, looking around Estella, who he continued to hug firmly with his left arm and hand, seeking an answer from the others. He feared it was the numbness that came when the Old Shadow drew over him, yet, neither his hand nor his arm felt cold. Merry looked at his hand. He could see a golden chain feeding up between his thumb and his knuckle then draping itself over the back of his hand. "It's what got you hurt, you romantic fool." Merry looked over at his younger cousin, one eyebrow quizzically raised. "Help me sit up, Pippin, then you can explain that to me." Once Merry was propped up nicely with several soft pillows, Pippin began his explanation. "You lost Estella's new gold locket sometime last night. You told me afterwards that you reckoned it was when you helped her up into the sledge." Pippin was grinning merrily. It wasn't often that he got to lord it over Merry. "I had told you to put it in an inside pocket, but you would have none of it. 'Too hard to get at, Pip.' You said. 'I want to make it appear as though Gandalf himself had conjured it out of the air.' That was how you described it." Pippin's grin turned to his brightest smile. "You conjured it all right. Conjured it right out of existence!" "It was a lovely ride in the moonlight anyway, Merry. Just like the First Yule night when you proposed," Estella said in her sweet shy way. Merry sighed. "That was to be the point of it. I thought it would be a lovely tenth anniversary present. Well, an early one since it was on the proposal day not our wedding day." Merry looked at his hand a few moments then sighed, shut his eyes and shook his head. "We weren't sure we should try getting it out of your hand," Diamond said. "We didn't wish to hurt your fingers." Merry turned his doleful eyes to her husband. "Make yourself useful and pry them loose, will you Pippin, instead of just standing there basking in the fact the you were right and I was wrong." He gritted his teeth as Pippin obliged him. Finally, Estella's gift lay visible on her husband's open palm. "The last thing I remember was seeing it glinting at me from where the morning sun was shining under the sledge," Merry said quietly as they all looked at the gold locket. "I had stopped it right where it been when we left. I'm surprised I didn't run the locket into the snow with the runner." "You crawled under the sledge after it," Pippin answered him. The younger cousin was no longer jesting. "It's a wonder you both made it home last night. The one runner had dry rot and really ought to have broken while you were out and about. 'Tis a good thing it didn't go while you were well away from the Hall." Pippin's voice dropped to a near whisper. "As cold and damp as it was, that would not have been good." The cousins looked at each other silently remembering other times they had thought they were losing one another. Pippin shook off the moment. "Yes, if it was going to break, it was a good thing it did it when you were here. The stable lad who had charge over the care of the ponies this morning found you. You were cold but not frozen; knocked completely unconscious though." Merry stared at the locket a few moments thinking of the odd dreams he had had whilst unconscious. Life and love and birth and death. "Hold tightly to Estella. Share your heart with Peregrin. Love your children." His father had said those words, yet, had it really been his father? Saradoc Brandybuck had died this day six years ago. And yet . . . Merry spoke while still staring at the gift in his palm. "Pippin, Diamond. If you would please tell the kitchen staff that I will be there for dinner. And to make ready to serve the Second Yule Feast this evening." He looked up at his best friend. "I'll spend time with you tonight Pip. I . . . I've not spent much time alone with you this visit and I've missed it more than I realized. But for right now," Merry looked at his wife and smiled. "Right now I need some time with the light of my life." "We're on our way then!" Pip said brightly, taking Diamond's hand and pulling her along with him towards the door. "I'll tell them dinner is in an hour." He paused in the door way, looking back at the couple with his eyes twinkling. "Will that be enough time, Merry? Although you really shouldn't do anything too strenuous. You were unconscious much of the day." Merry threw a pillow at him, which Pippin easily ducked. "An hour will be fine. And send Theo and Wynda here in forty-five minutes. I want to see them and I'm sure they've been worried about me. Now go away!" he said grinning broadly. As the door shut he turned to Estella. "I need to propose again to the most wonderful hobbitess in all of Buckland and The Shire." Estella blushed, but her eyes were sparkling. See my story, "Peregrin and Diamond" In my universe, Merry and Estella (at least thus far) have two children; Theodoc and Eowynda.