most sincere desire that you will find some measure of comfort here." He gestured toward a large sofa near the hearth, in which a fire burned brightly. "Please have a seat by the fire, for you must be cold and weary." Suddenly feeling weary to her very bones, she gratefully sank into the comfortable sofa, keeping Aragorn firmly on her lap despite his protests to get down, and she lowered her eyes deferentially as she responded: "I thank-you for your hospitality, my Lord." "Please, call me Elrond, my Lady." His voice was kind and his words warmed her spirits more than the fire could. She looked up at him again. "Only if you will call me Gilraen." With a bow of his head and a slight smile on his lips, Elrond conceded. "As you wish, Gilraen." He poured a small amount of a clear liquor from a silver flask into a goblet, which he then gave to her. "Please drink this. You will find it quite refreshing." She accepted the goblet and took a small sip. Her eyes widened in surprise, for, though the liquid had no taste on her tongue, she felt warmed and invigorated by it, and as she drained the rest of the glass, she was much revived. "I thank-you, Elrond. I do feel better." "You are very welcome. If you wish now to refresh and take some rest, it would be my honour to show you to your rooms." She could think of nothing she desired more than to be alone with her son and her grief and she hoped her face did not betray her eagerness too keenly as she responded: "That would be most appreciated." Elrond offered his arm and led them from the room. After giving Aragorn strict instructions not to touch a thing, she permitted him to walk at her side, though she still kept a firm grasp on his hand. She was reluctant to admit it, but he was the only familiar thing around her, and he felt to her like a lifeline. They were brought to a suite of rooms far more lavish than anything she had before seen. There was a sitting room, with a fire burning in the hearth and a table laid with what to her was a feast. Off the sitting room, there were two bedrooms, one containing a small bed with side railings, suitable for Aragorn, and a bathing chamber containing a large metal tub that she could see had been filled with warm water, still steaming. Several changes of clothing had been laid out for them both, as well as some small carved wooden animals, much to Aragorn's delight. She marveled at how all had been prepared so well for them in such short order. "I hope you will find this suitable," said Elrond as he showed her around. "It is more than suitable. I thank-you again for the hospitality that you have shown to me and my son." "You need not thank me. We will speak again in the morning, when you feel rested." He then introduced her to the elf maiden who was placing a vase of fresh flowers on the center of the table. "This is Mereniel. If you have need of anything, just ask it of her." "I can think of nothing I could possibly need." Mereniel spoke kindly: "If you need my assistance for any reason, my Lady, please just open your door and I will be at your side." With a warm smile and a deep bow, the maiden left the room, and Elrond followed her, closing the door behind him. Releasing a deep sigh, Gilraen sank into a chair at the table. She was numb from weariness and grief. Her husband was dead, her family was far removed from her, and she felt very much alone in a foreign land. She wanted nothing more than to give in to her sorrow and move no more, but she could not, for she had her boy to care for. She could not fail her son, he was all she had left. He was now her whole world. With great effort she turned her attention again to her child. Aragorn, happily playing with his new toys, seemed quite content in these strange surroundings. She managed to get him to sit at the table, and she was most relived to see him eat heartily. The food, though more elaborate than she was accustomed to, had a wonderful aroma, but she found that she could not bring herself to dine with her son. After bathing Aragorn in the wonderfully warm water of the large tub, and finally convincing him to get out, they both dressed in thick, soft nightclothes which fit as though they were made for them. She brought her son into the big bed with her, holding him close. The bedding was of the finest cloth she had ever seen; intricately embroidered yet soft and warm and beautifully scented. Although Aragorn was still excited by all that had happened that day and he squirmed in her arms, he was also deeply exhausted and, after a brief tale of brave lords and beautiful ladies, he was soon fast asleep. She remained awake long into the night, listening to the deep, rhythmic breathing of her son in his peaceful sleep. Outside the last homely house, the heavy rains continued unabated. When she closed her eyes and listened, the lonesome and steady sound made by the drops of water hitting the roof transported her to a stormy night in the small but sturdy and comfortable home she had shared with her child and her husband. It was as though she were back there, and Arathorn lay in the bed with her, and Aragorn was curled safely between them. For the first time since her husband's death, Gilraen wept, until sleep finally claimed her. Coming up in the next chapter: a conversation between a half-elven Lord and his sons. Please leave a review. Thanks.