in our heads and our hearts the memories of every mortal we have loved and lost. Each death is another scar upon us, and while the scars may not be visible to mortal eyes, each one weakens and wearies us." Here Elrohir paused and drew a shaky breath, for well he was aware that he was entering dangerous territory. Elrond had insisted that for Estel's own protection he remain ignorant of his ancestry but Elrohir felt the youth deserved at least some form of explanation for Elladan's behaviour. "Your father was our dear friend, and too soon, even by the standards of men, did he meet his end." At the mention of his real father, Estel finally found the courage to look again at Elrohir. He was much aggrieved to see his own tears mirrored on his beloved mentor's face. Never in all his years at Imladris had he seen an elf cry. Many were the times when Elrohir had comforted him through the perceived hurts and injustices of childhood, and Estel felt a strong desire to simply cease this painful conversation and wrap Elrohir in a comforting embrace. However, his need to finally gain the answers he had long sought was even stronger. "Never have I heard you mention my true father before. No one will speak of him. Whenever I try to inquire about him the subject is quickly changed. Even my mother will merely insist that he 'was a good man' and say nothing more. I began to suspect that he was some sort of rogue, a knave who was too dishonourable to even merit mention." "Do not think such a thing! Your father was no rogue! He was an honourable man and most beloved to us. He was a brave warrior and a strong fighter and many times did he ride with Elladan and I against the encroaching evil. We were present the day he died and Elladan witnessed his death. He was taken instantly by an orc arrow through his eye." "Elladan was deeply affected by your father's death. He holds himself responsible, which I tell you is misguided. There was naught that anyone could have done to prevent the tragedy, but that does not hinder my obstinate brother from claiming responsibility for that which was not in his power to control." "When we bore your father's body back to his devastated young widow and son who was no more than a babe, Elladan swore an oath. He did not tell me in so many words, but I know my brother well enough to know that he swore to do everything within his power, and some things which are not, to protect you from harm." "At the same time, though, I could feel his attempt to harden his heart. Your father's death was almost too much for him to bear. I believe he felt that he could no longer endure the pain of loving and losing another mortal friend to death. So, while he swore to protect you, he also, in effect, swore never to love you." "Well have you seen the result. He is so critical of you because in reality he is critical of himself. Ever is he atoning for his perceived failure to protect your father. He tries to protect you by pushing you ever harder, forcing you to become ever better. At the same time, he acts so coldly toward you in an attempt to keep his heart closed to you. However, I can tell you with certainty that he has failed on that count. He loves you Estel, though he attempts to deny it, even to himself." A smile brightened Elrohir's face again. "No one can resist your charms for long, little brother." Immeasurably relieved to see the characteristic smile return to his usually cheerful brother's face, Estel could not help but jest as well. "Tell that to Erestor when he is attempting to teach me my history lessons." Quickly, however, Estel's somber mood returned and silence reigned as he studied the familiar face of his foster brother. "You have given me much to think about, Elrohir. For as long as I can recall I have thought Elladan cold and uncaring toward me. If Elladan's motivations are as you say, it would seem that I have been greatly mistaken. Can appearances truly be so deceiving?" Elrohir was still smiling, but in his eyes Estel saw a weight and a depth that he could not comprehend. "What you think is true may be little more than an illusion, while the fantastical may be closer to the truth than you could ever conceive. Never judge people or things by appearance alone, Estel." Once again, Estel had the familiar feeling that he was only understanding a small piece of a much larger picture. To what was Elrohir referring? Elladan? His father? Himself? Suddenly, in a flash of foresight, Estel had the sense of himself as a part of a greater design and a grander purpose. But the vision was fleeting and as he reached out in his mind in an attempt to grasp the tenuous images and put the pieces of the puzzle together, they were gone. Not wanting to let go of this rare opportunity for clear answers to questions that had long plagued him, Estel decided to press his luck. "Please, Elrohir, tell me more of my father. Who was he? What was his name? What did he look like?" Though Elrohir's smile brightened, he shook his head as he gracefully stood. "I am afraid that is a topic for another day. If I were to continue this conversation now, I am quite sure father would have my tongue!" With a wink, Elrohir turned and walked away, back toward Elladan. As he watched Elrohir's retreating form, Estel could not help but laugh out loud as he realized that, although he had begun this conversation in an earnest search for understanding, he was once again left with many more questions than answers.