of others." She frowned thoughtfully. "Would you be terribly offended if I spoke plain?" "Hardly," Erumar replied dryly. "I wish you would." Enguina studied her, noticing a slight tightness around her friend's eyes. Something was not quite right…and there was no point in asking. Erumar would never speak of it; instead she would have to bargain. "Only if you will." She rolled her eyes. "Perhaps. Now feel free to offend." "I believe I am lonely," she said suddenly. "I would be utterly lost without you here with me, and I am so grateful that you stayed. I love you, Erumar, but I really do miss the others. I became so used to them, so used to the bustle of Minas Tirith that after three years out here, I feel as though I am missing something. I mean, it was quiet in Lórien, at the end, but this is different." She laughed at the look Erumar was giving her. "I know, I know! I said that I could never get used to Minas Tirith. I would never want to live there, and that part at least remains true. I only miss certain things about it." "It is quiet here." "Yes. Do you understand? I feel as though I do not know what is going on in the world, even though when I was in Lórien I never cared what was going on outside its borders. Honestly, could nearly five years change me so completely?" "Your 'neighbors' here are few, and they do not live nearby," Erumar agreed. "You cannot walk out your door and visit the King's House." "Or you," Enguina insisted. "Even in Lórien, people were close. It is not quite the same here. I enjoy the privacy, but…perhaps if Legolas were here I would not be feeling like this. I would not be feeling trapped in this house." Erumar tilted her head. "Trapped? This is your home, Enguina. Where else should you be?" Enguina sighed, looking frustrated, and Erumar reached out, covering her hand. "Night changes many thoughts. You miss Legolas. This is your first separation from him; it is natural to miss him." "It is?" Enguina looked completely relieved. Erumar smiled. "Of course it is. I think we should certainly speak more about it…but perhaps in the morning light over breakfast. You and I should both be resting; it is so late." Enguina's eyebrow rose. "You are running from this conversation." "I am not," she denied. "I am reminding you about your well-being. You are with child—" "Do not use that excuse," Enguina said, rolling her eyes. "I am perfectly fine, and sleep is useless when I am wide-awake. Tell me what woke you that you are here. I stated what I am feeling; I thought I would share," she added pointedly. It was Erumar's turn to roll her eyes heavenward. "Thoughts, Enguina. Thinking deep thoughts kept me awake." "Who? What?" "The future." "Thranduil?" Erumar shook her head, defeated. "Why must any discussion about my future be entwined with Thranduil in your mind? Honestly, Enguina—" "Because you are thinking about him; because he clearly enjoys spending as much time with you as you do with him; because he invited you to visit him in Eryn Lasgalen—was fairly insistent about it as well." She crossed her arms as she leaned back in her chair. "So, if you were not thinking of Thranduil, what were you thinking of?" "If you must know, I was thinking what I should do with myself once your little one is born. I cannot stay here forever—" "Yes, you—" "—and I should not," she said firmly. "You and Legolas have a life together now. This is not the place I belong." Enguina and Erumar fell silent for a moment. "Well," Enguina began, "if you have no intention of ever visiting Eryn Lasgalen, you could build a home here, not far from us. Perhaps you should think of that." "I would not say I have no intention of ever visiting," Erumar sighed. Enguina noticed Erumar's guard drop just before it happened, a thing that did not happen often. "I…do not wish Thranduil to get an impression of us together forever. I still do not know if that would ever be possible." Enguina reached forward and set her hands over Erumar's. "Consider going. Thranduil does not expect forever, nor is he looking for it. You are good company for him. You must see it. Everyone—and I mean everyone —else does." "That is…embarrassing." Erumar blushed and looked away. "And I do not think I wish to speak of it anymore." She got to her feet with an exaggerated smile. "Well, time for bed." Enguina sighed. "Well, at least you are not angry about it as you used to be when I spoke this way, though you are still running. I suppose I should be happy with that bit of progress," she admitted, downing the rest of her water. Then she reached down and rubbed her belly. "If I am awake all night again because of this child, I am coming down to your room and waking you so you can please him. Nothing I do seems to make any change." Erumar smiled, holding the lantern, as Enguina got to her feet. "Please, come and wake me. That I would be more than happy to stay awake for." She wrapped her arm around Enguina's shoulders and kissed her temple as the two of them made their way back toward their rooms. "You may hear me up again," Enguina sighed. "If I have one more dream about Legolas, I may have to douse myself in cold water." Erumar smirked at her words. "Perhaps you should sleep on the divan? Perhaps your bed is where your trouble begins." Enguina shook her head, blushing. "If the trouble is with my bed because I have made love to Legolas there," she replied dryly, hooking a finger over her shoulder, "I had better go sleep in the barn." Her friend broke up into laughter.