dropped open. It looked perfect! It was dark, moist, full of so much fruit and nuts that there was barely any cake. Suddenly, an envelope was thrust into his field of vision. As if in a dream he took it and opened it. Happy Yule to our dear Fathers! We were so pleased when Father's/Uncle Merry's letter and request arrived. We (Beryl and Eowynda) got together in Solmath to make this and be certain that it would have enough time to properly age before we sent it to Minas Tirith. He said it would be a Yule surprise for you, Father/Uncle Pippin. We hope it is the best fruitcake you have ever had. We all love you and miss you terribly, but Uncle Strider has written often to assure us that you are happy in the warmer clime of his city. We sent sixteen two pound cakes so that you may share them with all of your friends, there in Minas Tirith. Love to you both, Beryl and Eowynda "You! You . . . you knew this was up there in the kitchens? You sent me all over looking for . . ." "Happy Yule, Pippin!" Merry cut his cousin off in mid rant. "I know how much you like to be surprised." For a moment Pippin sat there glaring at Merry, then slowly his right hand reached out and grabbed a piece of the fruitcake. He took a huge bite. Slowly his eyes closed in sheer bliss. "'S prfec!" he said around his mouthful of the luscious cake. Merry only nodded in return, his own mouth similarly full of moist, fruity goodness. It was only after they had nearly finished off all of the slices of cake on the platter that Merry coughed and looked startled. "Pippin, get this platter off of me! Hurry!" "Why, Merry! Is something wrong with the cake? Are you ill?" Pippin asked as he stood, snatching the platter away and sitting it on his empty bed. Merry was moving very quickly for an "ancient" hobbit. "No!" he exclaimed as he almost ran to his wardrobe. "We have to get up to the Citadel as quickly as we can." "Are they expecting us for something? Dinner isn't for several hours yet." Pippin asked as he helped Merry into his tunic while Merry was trying to get his breeches pulled up. "No, Pip. There are fifteen of the best fruit cakes in all of Middle-earth sitting unguarded in the royal kitchens, and Strider likes fruitcake!" Finis A/N Beryl is Pippin's daughter and Eowynda is Merry's My great-grandmother, Sarah De Leon's, Fruitcake 15 oz. seeded dark raisins 1lb-¾ oz. pitted dates 1lb candied pineapple 1lb candied red cherries 1lb candied orange peel 1lb candied lemon peel 1lb whole almonds 1lb halved pecans ½lb citron 1c grape juice 6c flour 1T cinnamon 2T nutmeg 2T allspice 1t baking soda 1lb butter 2c brown sugar 1doz. large eggs - beaten 1c dark molasses (treacle) 1/8c honey 1T salt 1 fifth of brandy (you need a fifth not a pint) 1 cup of the brandy goes into the cake batter If you can find it, it is best to use whole fruits and cut them up yourself with scissors dipped in warm water to keep everything from sticking as badly. The pre-chopped fruit isn't as tasty. This is a large recipe. You will need a large roasting pan (like for a turkey) or large dish pan to mix it in. This is best baked in loaf pans, an angel food cake pan, Bundt pan, or 1-pound metal coffee cans. This is a real labor of love as it takes most all day to make. This recipe makes about 17 pounds of fruitcake - about 5 3lb cakes or 8 2lb cakes. Mix together (in a paper or plastic bag) the flour, salt and spices. Add the fruit and nuts a bit at a time and shake to coat the fruit and nuts. Set aside. Cream the butter. Stir in sugar. Mix in beaten eggs. Add some of the fruit, nuts and dry ingredient mix, then some of the grape juice, brandy, honey and molasses. Alternate until all is mixed together. you may want to do this mixing with your hands Spoon into your various pans. This cake does not rise much, so fill the pans almost to the top. Bake at 250°. 2½ hours for smaller cakes, 3½ - 4 hours for ones in angel food or Bundt cake pans. If the tops look to be cooking too fast, cover them with a piece of foil. Test for doneness with a wooden skewer - it should come out clean. You will have to bake in shifts unless you have more than one oven. Cover the unbaked cakes with a damp dish towel until you are ready to bake them. The cake will be dry and this is why it needs to be "soaked" while it ages. Wrap them in a piece of old sheet (white) or buy a cheap white sheet or some white gauze. Pour a few tablespoons of the brandy over and down the edges of each cake then cover it tightly and store in a cool, dry place. If you are using the coffee cans, you can just store them in that and use the plastic lid. Otherwise put foil over the top of the angel food or bundt cake pans as tightly as you can. If need be, you can just wrap the covered cakes in foil and change the foil each time you add more brandy. About once or twice a week, open them up and pour on a few more tablespoons of brandy. They should age at least 4 weeks before eating them. My mother, my grandmother and my great-grandmother all made them in mid November to have ready for Christmas. In the story I mention glazing them and topping that with confectioners sugar. That is one way fruitcakes are served in the UK.