breaths, he began to swim, struggling against the changing current. He knew, now, where he was. The deafening roar of his men's cheers echoed in his ears, as he made for the river bank, followed closely by the sound of angry orcish curses. Was he out of bow-range? Weary muscles groaned in protest with every stroke, but he would not yet stop and rest. One way or the other, he had to keep moving – before the cold robbed him of the little strength he still possessed. He cast a hurried glance to his right. Faramir! Where was his brother? There! With swift, sure strokes, Faramir cut his way through the murky waters. They would reach the shore together. Once out of the water, he allowed himself to turn back. A smile tugged at his lips at the sight; exhilaration battled with exhaustion and won. The day was theirs! Gondor had prevailed against the Enemy – the last stone bridge of Osgiliath stood no more! Pushing back the strands of wet hair that clung to his face in one quick motion, he laughed in triumph. They had won! He felt a slight tugging at his shoulder – he whirled around, only to find no one there. The entire river bank stood empty. Where were his men? What new trickery is this ? He glanced around him. Some fifty paces away, Faramir climbed up from the river; as he straightened, small rivulets of water trickled down his arms and legs. Relieved, Boromir raised a hand in greeting, and Faramir returned the gesture – with long strides, he started to close the distance between them. Boromir tried to follow suit… yet his feet refused to move. Again, he felt the touch of that invisible hand on his back. Confused, he called out, but no sound came. What was happening? Suddenly, fear clutched at his heart - an orc stood behind Faramir, sword in hand. Boromir's mouth opened in a silent scream. The rusted weapon moved in a downwards swing – Faramir! – there was a searing flash of pain; his pain. The jagged edge of the blade dug into Boromir's back. His eyes snapped open – he gasped for breath. "Boromir," Frodo called, still gripping his shoulder. "Gandalf said to wake you. We are to continue." It had been a dream. Shaken, he fumbled with his pack to mask his discomfort. "I am ready." He followed the Ring-bearer. His foot still ached when he put his full weight on it, but it was a distraction he welcomed. "Merely a dream," he whispered. His lips moved in silent prayer, regardless. Valar, keep him safe . --- Oh, sweet Elbereth, protect me. Hithriel ran through a rounded, narrow tunnel – the flickering artificial light flashed white, once, and died out – she stopped, blinded. Careful to keep her right hand pressed against the wall, she stepped forward, tentative and unsure. The rough surface left a greasy residue on her fingers, the foul smell making her pull her hand back with a sharp jerk – a moment's indulgence. Both fear and reason returned, and she replaced her palm, edging further down the tunnel, gaining speed and confidence as she went. Her perception altered – the four remaining senses sharpened – the sound of her footsteps bounced off the low ceiling and returned to her, the echo twice as loud. She winced inwardly. Would it hear her? Her heart pounded so fiercely at the thought that, for a moment, she feared it would burst right out of her chest. Her fingers found a protrusion in the wall – a cylinder shaped metal, cool against her skin. Hithriel moved in that direction, her hand wrapped around it. After no more then fifteen paces, the protrusion abruptly ended, and she tried to feel for the wall again – only to meet with air. Where ? Hithriel's breath quickened. How could she hope to escape without sight or touch to aid her? Frantic, she lunged to her right. A hollow metallic sound echoed through the sewers when her foot connected with…what? She did not know. Silence followed, interrupted only by the steady sound of dripping water. Coming back on, the lights flickered once and stabilized, emitting a low hum. Then, it roared, somewhere in the tunnels. Dread became all she knew, and Hithriel ran, heedless of where. She had to escape it. There was a sharp turn in the road ahead – the tunnel divided into two separate passages; the fluorescent lighting gone from either one. She paused. To the left or to the right? How could she decide? She looked back over her shoulder – the breath caught in her throat. Left or right, it did not matter now – it followed, a scarce few paces behind her. In a blind panic, she fled down the left passage. No ! Hithriel choked out a desperate sob. A barrier stood before her, blocking her way. There was no way out. A low growl reverberated through the air, and, when she turned, she saw it standing behind her - leathery, ghostly white skin spread over a bulking frame; seven feet of solid, hard muscle. A web of scars covered its massive arms; complicated, painted-on markings ran down its torso and legs. The black, silted pupils sent a jolt of fear through her. There was roar - of effort so intense it might have been pain - and deadly-looking twin spurs abruptly burst out from its forearms, the already torn flesh parting wetly to allow them passage. Bright green droplets glimmered across the length of them. Was it blood? She could not tell, but, when it came towards her, all thought fled from her head, save one. Run . There was another sound, and the monster whirled around. A woman stood in the passage behind them, still and unmoving – holding one large knife in either hand. Hithriel felt a surge of hope. "Thau nín!" she cried. Help me . ---