at his nickname for her. She didn't move. "It is not I who is in the shadows." Callon looked at her analytically, noticing the dirt that still grazed her knees. "How much did you see?" "Enough." The silence stretched out as Callon and Rine looked at each other, then Dale again. She had seen this so many times before, the strange way they seemed to be able to agree without needing to speak. She tensed. They crept closer, one on either side, and she edged into further into the circle to keep her distance. "Where did you learn the tongue of Mordor, Callon?" His eyes widened, but once more he held out his hand. "Dale, I..." "It's not what you think," Rine burst out. Dale gave a mirthless laugh. "You mean it doesn't look like you just gave information to orcs in exchange for a new pair of boots? It's beyond mercenary." She moved to the right. She struggled to form into words what she wanted to know. "But…why? Why not sell information to someone else?" They continued this strange…dance; as Callon and Rine continually tried to manoeuvre her into a corner. Dale's eyes darted around the clearing, desperately looking for an escape route, yet unwilling to take her eyes off them for too long. "The Dark Lord's power is growing," Callon replied. There was a light in them that she hadn't seen before. "We need to earn our place in the coming age of Darkness to survive." "It's not guaranteed," Dale replied. She tried a new tact. "Please, don't do this. You may think that you are trying to survive, but you are breaking every code we stand for, everything we have fought for all these years." Callon barked out a laugh, "Code? There is no code, not anymore. For how long have Ruénen skulked in the shadow of man? Our history, our culture, our pride has faded. In the new age, our race will rise under Sauron's nurturing care to take our rightful place in this world." "And we will benefit profitably," Rine smirked. Dale shook her head disbelievingly. How had she not seen? She stilled as another thought occurred to her. "Where's Douka?" Callon and Rine glanced at each other. Rine grinned. "We thought she was with you." Dale smacked herself mentally. She should have kept her mouth shut. "You will not join us then?" Callon demanded. They were now three metres from her. "Never," Dale spat. There was a moment of silence. Then Rine hissed, "Then you shall die." Lord Elrond's face was thoughtful as Dale completed her story. "At that point we all shifted. I got away. but not without gaining a few scratches." She had nearly been shredded by the two larger male wolves. It had taken her far longer than she should have to arrive at Rivendell, the closest place she could think of to go, due to the healing process. "I landed a blow on Callon's face. He will be scarred for life." It was the only reason she had been able to escape. Rine would not chase after her; wolves did not abandon each other. Lord Elrond was silent. He stroked his chin as his eyes gazed into the far distance. Dale couldn't tell if he was using his magic or just thinking. She began to fidget again as impatience gnawed at her. "So? Do you think you can help?" Elrond shifted in his seat as his gaze returned to hers. "I need time, and you need rest. If you would, meet me tomorrow after the noon meal." Dale stiffened, unused to taking orders. She nodded, muttering, "I suppose one more day will not make any difference. My very presence here has already forsaken a sacred rule." Elrond's eyebrows rose. "Then why are you here?" She thought of Callon and Rine, who had already succumbed to the ring's dark power. Occasionally they came across other werewolves, but it had never occurred to her how many might have sided with the Dark Lord. Dale was silent for a time as she considered the possibilities, the hopelessness of her own fate now that she revealed such secret information on the Ruénen. She glanced up at Elrond, who was watching her intently. "Because a lot of sacred rules have been broken already." Her bones felt like they had the weight of the world upon her as she stood up. She bowed. "My lord." As Dale shuffled through the corridors, she rounded a corner and collided with another body, flying to the floor. She hissed in pain as she landed on her side. "Oh, I am so sorry," an elderly voice said. A knobbly hand was held out to her. Dale ignored it, pushing herself up with a scowl on her face. She glanced up to see an old man in grey garb with long grey hair, holding a staff. He hadn't fallen over. She eyed him warily as he bumbled on. "Please do excuse me…" His voice trailed away as their eyes met. A light lit his eyes, as if he had just put together the pieces of a puzzle. He leaned forward slightly, his bushy brows nearly meeting as his brow furrowed. The moment dragged on, and Dale shifted uncomfortably. "I'm sorry, do I know you?" The old man startled. "No, no, I should hope not, for I certainly don't know you." With that, he whisked off, moving more briskly than she had ever seen a man of his age walk. Dale frowned after his retreating figure, but shrugged her shoulders, but then was painfully reminded of her aching body after the trying process of only semi-shifting. She shook her head and continued back to the room that had been allotted to her. So...I've set the scene, there is a bit more scene setting to do in the next chapter, but then...lift off! I hope you enjoyed this, please let me know. I would love to hear what you think! Many thanks, Penlym