in the shape of a tall ranger of the north. He threw his arms around Aragorn and enclosed him in the sort of exuberant hug that came more commonly from the man than his elven friend. "Very well, Estel! I will abide your word, as I always do. In two days time I return home, but this time I go with a lighter heart. I will see you again soon, and together we will end the reign of darkness in our world." He released Aragorn as swiftly as he had embraced him and suddenly began to strip off his clothing. Aragorn stared as the elf, now bare and shining in the moonlight, ran for the river's edge. "What – You complete lunatic! The water is freezing! It will not be warm enough to swim in for weeks!" Poised to spring into the current, the elf looked back and the joy on his face took Aragorn's breath away. He had not even realized that his friend had not looked so happy for a very long time. Once again their roles were reversed as Legolas cajoled in a sweet, singing lilt. "Come with me! We will only go in for a few minutes! Come on! You love to swim under the moon!" Grimacing as if he already felt the icy water, Aragorn pulled off his boots and leggings. "Gandalf will not be pleased if he shows up to send me forth to my destiny, and finds I have died of consumption of the lungs!" Legolas laughed but waited no longer and dived into the river. The elf surfaced several feet out and shook his head, spluttering and gasping. "It is a little cold, perhaps!" ------------------------------------------------------------- An hour later an elf hoisted and dragged a man into the man's rooms by way of the balcony. The man, normally quite agile, was shaking too hard to be of much help. The elf got him into a chair, started the fire in the hearth, and ran for blankets and brandy. When he returned he felt a little trepidation since the man's complexion was white as milk, his lips were blue, and his teeth were chattering. He wrapped the man in several wool layers and asked if he could do anything for his friend. "C-c-c-come c-c-c-closer." The elf bent down in concern. A hand flashed from under the blankets and grabbed and twisted a sensitive ear tip, pulling the fair face down so that worried blue met blazing silver. "If I die I will haunt you. That is a promise . With blood curdling shrieks and water-logged gurglings. As long as you live—and I will petition Namo personally on your behalf, so that you live a long, long time—you will never, ever have a peaceful night!" "I am sorry, Estel! I had forgotten it would affect you so. I am truly sorry. Please let go of my ear!" The elf winced but did not pull away. He felt he deserved the pain. Aragorn released him and huddled into the blankets. In spite of his gloomy grumblings, in a surprisingly short time the combination of fire, blankets, and brandy brought the ranger back to the point where he thought it possible he might live. One at a time the blankets came off, until at last he was relaxed, warm, and forgiving. They conversed quietly until Legolas smiled at a jaw-cracking yawn. "It is past time I left you to your rest. May I say once more, that I am sorry? Especially after you had helped me, once again, to come to terms with my doubts." "I am sorry I did not understand how heavily such thoughts weighed upon you. Your visit is almost over, and you have not been refreshed as well as you should have been." "I was ashamed to admit I did not want to go home. I did not want to darken your fleeting time with your family." "How long have we been friends? And how many times have I had to drag your troubles out of you, piecemeal? You should know by now that I always find out eventually." "Some day I shall surprise you by saying, 'Good morning, Estel! Would you pass the plum preserves, please? And by-the-by, I am terribly depressed because…'" "Ah, yes! That will be the same morning Sauron gives over wanting to rule Arda, and takes up knitting sweaters for indigent hobbits!" Legolas laughed but then looked down at his hands. When Aragorn asked, "Legolas?" he looked up, his eyes intent and somber. "Estel….." He tried again. "Estel….I…I have not the words to tell you….what knowing you has meant to me…how often you have helped me beyond simply keeping life in my body." Aragorn smiled the smile that only his family and Legolas ever saw. The one free of a shadow of wryness, or any hint of reservation. The one that was open and unguarded and spoke of heart's warmth, freely given. "I thought we stopped keeping score decades ago. Sometimes I save you, and sometimes you save me. There is no limit on numbers, and no scale that must be balanced. Between kin there can be no tally kept, and you are the brother of my heart." "As you are mine, Aragorn." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The moon began to sink in the west as friends bid each other good-night. Some of the friendships were newly made; green and tender yet, requiring care and time to flourish. Others were well-worn and comfortable as old clothes, needing few words spoken where all was long understood. Others were old—yet newly appreciated—as boundaries shifted and desires long held were expressed to perhaps the only one who might be able to accept freely. Warmth had been shared this night, comfort had been given. The peace that pervaded the valley was due in part to the skill of its leaders, and in part to its hidden location. But perhaps some of its abiding serenity was due to the quiet, kindly bonds of friendship. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Fin