you were, you have your station in life to be concerned for. No. I have not brought you a tavern wench." Faramir thought a bit more. "You have brought me an older brother! How very thoughtful of you Boromir. But, alas, I have one of those already and I find that to be taxing enough . . ." Faramir was interrupted by needing to duck a smack to the side of his head. "Not an older brother then. Good. I really like the one I have." He grinned at his brother a moment, then again his look was one of concentration. "No," he finally said. "I can't think of a single other thing that your hurrying with it would sully its appearance." Boromir took a step away from his horse, then swept both hands toward it in a gesture of presentation. "Yes . . ." his brother slowly said. "Your new war horse. Very nice, Boromir." "No," said the elder brother. "YOUR new war horse." Faramir's eyebrows flew up as his jaw dropped down. "Mine?" he breathed. "But . . . but you . . . just six months ago you were so thoroughly excited with him. I . . . eh, is there something . . . eh, wrong with him?" This time Boromir's smack connected with his brother's head. "No! In fact he is nearly the best horse I've ever sat astride, other than Nahar , who I will tell you has been most jealous these past six months. I was training him for you, dear little brother. How can you be a proper Captain of Gondor's armies, when you come of age, without a war horse that makes men envy you and all the mares squeal with desire? Happy Yule, Faramir!" Faramir stepped forward, gently taking the huge stallion's chin in his hands to lift his head and blow into his nostrils. "On the field of battle you will be my life and breath, Hros." he murmured. The stallion softly huffed his breath onto his new master. SEVENTEEN YEARS PASS Faramir and Pippin walked into the quiet warmth of the stables in the sixth circle of Minas Tirith, stopping before the stall which housed Shadowfax. The proud horse lowered his head into the hobbit's hands. Pippin touched his forehead to the velvet soft muzzle, then began to rub the boney spots along the sides of Shadowfax's huge head. "He likes this," Pippin commented. smiling broadly. "If he could he would purr." At that, the horse nudged the hobbit in the chest, but then he nickered and once more held his head still for the rubbing to continue. "And you have ridden upon him," Faramir said, shaking his head in wonder. Pippin sighed. The occasions had not been pleasant ones, but the wonder of riding the White Wizard's horse was not diminished by it. "Yes. The entire way here from somewhere near Isengard. A three day ride. And again . . ." The hobbit tensed. It was a memory that was all to fresh. A memory that did not rest easy upon mind or heart. Faramir laid a caring hand upon his friend's shoulder. "Yes. And again on the night you helped to save my life." Pippin swallowed hard and nodded. Faramir looked around them, seeking something to talk about to break the sombre mood. "I received the first horse that was my very own in this stable." Pippin perked up. "Really? I remember well getting my first pony. I was six and visiting Merry's family for Yule at Brandy Hall." "You were six when you received your first pony! I had to wait until I was twelve." "Well, it was a rocking pony but . . ." "A rocking horse!" Faramir exclaimed. "That hardly counts, Pippin." "Rocking pony, Faramir," Pippin corrected in a mock offended tone, "and it was the largest rocking pony I had ever seen in my entire life. I couldn't even get on it without being lifted up by an adult. We had to borrow a small wagon to take it home and it was so big that it was kept out in the stable. That surely should count for something." The two friends laughed easily together, ending with contented sighs. "I think my father sent it back to Brandy Hall when we left the farm to live at Great Smials. I hope it is still in some mathom room at the Hall," Pippin sighed again as he looked off in the general direction of his homeland. "I should like to give it to my son, should I ever have one." Faramir had been thinking. "You were six, you say. Then that would be the same Yule Tide that I received my first horse, although mine was very much a real horse." "Yes," Pippin exclaimed. "Yes it would be the same year that you were twelve. Interesting that we both got such similar gifts. And actually, I was twelve when I got my first real pony. She was a dapple grey." "Truly! My Sea Mist, my first horse, he was a dapple! And if you were twleve, then that year I was eighteen and received Hros, my first war horse, from Boromir." "It seems, my friend, that we had similar Yule gifts in the same years," Pippin bubbled with enthusiasm. "Do you remember . . ." They over-turned feed buckets, sat down upon them there in the warm, sunny stable, and talked the afternoon away about the horses and ponies they had been gifted with upon various Yule Tides. Shadowfax hung his head over the door of his stall, ears shifting to best hear each of the friends as he spoke. After all, he enjoyed good horse stories as well. The end A/N: In Scotland and Ireland pancakes, locally known as drop scones, pancakes or griddle cakes, are more like the American type of pancake and are eaten for afters not at breakfast. Since these are Tookish treats, they are that sort of pancake.