were in a moderate sized field with stone walls keeping them in. Da said the dotty old hobbit didn't sell or slaughter any sheep or lambs for a couple of years. Grand Da rode by one day and noticed the place had a foul stench about it. He went and talked to the old farmer and could tell he wasn't right in his head any longer. Well, he went about the farm to check on things and there were dead chickens in an over crowded coop because he hadn't thinned the flock, and there was that field of sheep near to packed full of thin sickly sheep and lots of dead ones lying about." Merry had gone pale. He was currently learning about farming so that he would be able to properly do his job when he became Master of Buckland. He was spending time with the head of the stables, with the master gardener, Brandy Hall's smithy and others. But he had not heard anything like the information being told to him by his young cousin. "Then there was the Cat Hobbitess in Tookbank. Three years ago it was found that her hole was over running with cats. For a long time, no one realized how many she had. Nobody thought about her cats having kittens and that she hadn't given any away. Then, her daughter came to visit from the Northfarthing and found her Ma was living in filth and there were fifty cats in there! Most were half starved and sickly, several were dead . . ." "Enough Pip!" Merry cut his cousin off, holding one hand up, palm towards Pippin, to strengthen his request. He swallowed hard a couple of times. "Just take care of the kittens, please." Merry kept his head turned away as Pippin picked up the two little cloth wrapped bodies, placed them in the grave, then filled the soil in over them. "Do you want to say anything, Merry?" Pippin whispered. Merry slowly got up and stood beside Pippin. He took hold of his cousin's hand and gave it a squeeze. "Ah . . . we are sorry, little kitties, that your lives were so short and . . . and ended in such a terrible manner. We are sorry that you won't get to grow up with your brothers and sisters. We're sorry . . ." With that, Merry choked on a sob. "May you both go some place beautiful," Pippin said softly. "Some place where all is happy and healthy and there is no bad luck. Some place where all the other animals have gone, so there will be lots of other cats for you to play with." They stood for several minutes beside the little grave, then, without a further word between them, Pippin picked up the shovel and they walked back to the stables. In silence they put it away, then Pippin caught hold of Merry's hand, pulling him down the long central aisle of the stables. They went into the tack room and over to the box in the corner. Pearl looked up at them, blinking contentedly. Her older kittens and the new little ones were all in a jumble sound asleep. Pippin knelt down and stroked one of the little ones they had rescued with an outstretched forefinger. "See Merry," he said as his cousin knelt down beside him. "You can see them all breathing and they have full, fat little tummies now." They quietly watched the kittens breathing. "I rather like this one," Pippin said as he stroked one of the black and white kittens. It hardly seemed right to call it black and white as it only had three tiny white spots on it's back and a few flecks of white near it's nose. "It looks like it has snowflakes on it." Merry said. His voice still heavy with sadness. Pippin smiled. "It does! Hello, Snowflake," he said, gently touching the three tiny white spots. "You're naming a nearly all black cat Snowflake?" "No, you named it Snowflake," Pip said with a wink at his cousin. "Would you mind if I ask about taking that one home with me? When it is old enough that is." "I think that would be fine." Merry reached out to gently stroke the remaining pure white kitten. Its fur had dried and fluffed out. It was obvious that the kitten would have longish hair. "I will ask Mum if I may keep Snowball," Merry said, giving the kitten its new name. "I'll show folks around here that white cats aren't bad luck." Pearl purred contentedly as the lads took the time to stroke all the kittens in the box before getting to their feet and sauntering out of the stables. "What do you say to going into Bucklebury tomorrow, Peregrin, old lad?" Merry said in a mock grown up voice. "We can spend the day perusing the merchandise in the shops and take a few meals at the Brass Buckle Inn. I know how much you love their mushroom stew." Pippin noticed that Merry's plans took them nowhere near to any streams or bridges, and that they would be east of The Hall, not west of it. "That sounds a most appetizing idea, my dear Meriadoc," Pippin replied in kind. "And, speaking of appetizing; it is nearly time for dinner. Shall we see what cook has prepared?" "We shall indeed, my dear Peregrin." The lads laughed at their silly formality and raced each other to Brandyhall. A/N: In England, white cats are the ones considered unlucky as opposed to black ones as in the US, and cats born in May (Thrimidge) are supposed to be poor mousers. Cathleen's plot bunny Pip and Merry see someone throw a bag into a creek, and discover it has kittens in it. How do they react? Is it a hobbit who does it? Why? Do they find out it isn't all that uncommon on the farms? Use Cathleen's grandma's cat - Pearl