off much the worse in these encounters. "Very well, my Prince. I will take your watch, though a duller one I cannot imagine." He continued somewhat pensively, "I am not so confident about the peace you asked for. I have been known to chatter a little—or so I have been told. Of course, today would be a good day to turn over a new leaf. A green one!" He darted back as Legolas groaned and tried to box a cold-reddened ear. When Aignor danced away, Legolas turned back to climb his tree and was soon on his familiar perch. The other elf climbed behind him and took up his position a branch or two above the elf, dumping snow down upon his liege as he settled his back comfortably against the trunk. Legolas ran his five words back and forth in his mind. He was rather at a loss for he had assumed that once he knew all five that their meaning for him would be immediately clear. Time passed and he came no nearer to feeling he understood what the Valar had intended him to take from his Five Words in Winter . Aignor kept an admirable silence for two hours before he began to crack. "I have all the latest gossip from Mithrandir. Do you want to hear some?" "No. I am trying to think, Aignor." "Oh." Again there was silence for twenty minutes. Then the cheerful elf began to tap his fingers on his knees, developing from a plain tap-tap-tap to a tutta-titty-tap-tap to a tutitutity-tut-titty-tut-titty-tut-tut and then on to a virtuoso titty-titty-tut-titty-tut! Tittitituttytitty-tut-" "Aignor!" "Sorry." Legolas took pity on his jittery friend since he seemed to be getting nowhere with his 'thinking.' "Go on and tell me the gossip, Aignor. Thinking does not seem to be very profitable right now." "If you are sure? Well! Now of course, I heard all this from Mithrandir, and he said…" Legolas smiled to himself as his friend's voice washed over him, alternately laughing, outraged, or titillated. "…apparently they have loved each other for an Age but neither had the nerve to speak. Can you credit it? I know time has little meaning for us, but!….Celeborn is worried and Mithrandir says when Celeborn is worried, Middle Earth should be worried…and right into a barrel of Elrond's favorite vintage!...troubling hints from Isengard, but I told them we have enough to worry about with Dol Goldur and your father agreed with me—with me ! That has to be a first!...and let me see, oh yes, Elrond has taken in another human fosterling. I suppose he thinks of them like fox kits or something. Still, an odd pet, if you ask me…" As the voice continued, Legolas only half-listened as he continued to run his five words through his mind. He tried different orders: lain, sador, elvellon, thalion, echil. Or echil, elvellon, thalion, sador, lain. Hmmm, that seemed better somehow. He tried another one. Elvellon, Sador, Thalion, Echil, Lain. "….he gives them the most curious names. This one is Estel of all things! He should name them Fluffy or Manny or – " Legolas fell out of the tree. Aignor scrambled down, terrified, for Legolas did not make a habit of tumbling from trees unless he had several Orc arrows in him. He found his friend spread-eagled on his back, staring up at the now starry sky in wonder. "Legolas! What happened! Are you all right!" "I am fine, Aignor. Leave me for awhile. Please? This is a matter of the Valar." Aignor swallowed and darted a glance at the sky. "If you are sure you are not hurt?" "No, I am quite sound. Go and intercept our replacements; they will be coming soon. Do not disturb me until I call for you." Aignor could not resist a cheeky, "Yes, Highness!" as he turned away. Legolas sighed. Aignor would be a second like none ever seen in the elven kingdoms! As soon as Aignor was out of earshot, Legolas contemplated the revelation he had been given. When his friend had said, "Estel" a feeling of joy, pain, fear, and protectiveness had lanced through him. He turned the words , now in their proper order, over in his mind. Elf-friend, faithful, and, not hero, but the other meaning of thalion: dauntless man. Then follower and freedom. They spelled Hope. And they would be significant in his life. He would be significant in the life of an elven prince. And not the lesser of the two, either, for Legolas had been given the knowledge that he would follow this man. This man named Hope. Legolas looked to the stars again and they did not seem so cold and distant as they had before. Indeed, Earendil, long a favorite, twinkled warmly at the elf. There was significance there, too, although Legolas was suddenly too weary to decipher any more mysteries. A feeling of peace stole over him and he realized he must rise or he would freeze where he had fallen; even elves cannot sleep in snow when the temperatures were so bitter. He climbed to his feet and whistled sharply and heard another in return, some distance to the south. As Legolas heard several elves scrick! scrick!ing toward him, he drew a deep, deep breath and let it go along with much of the despair that had been his companion for so long. He might plan on a trip to Imladris in a few years to take a look at this Hope of his. As he dragged his small pack from the snow at the base of his tree, he laughed at the thought of what Aignor would say when (if ever) he told him that he, the Prince of Mirkwood, was to be the follower of someone Aignor would have named "Fluffy." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx End A/N The temperature at which nostrils begin to stick together is roughly -14 degree Celsius. And yes, I know that through experience. (8 degrees above zero for those using Fahrenheit)