considered one of Imladris's defenders. His training would begin in earnest, and he would soon join some of the more routine and secure patrols. It was an important day in the life of any elf or man. And yet, although he would shortly hold out his hands to receive his very own sword, his thoughts returned to the humble blade in the Hall of Defenders. He doubted any other would ever feel so right in his hand. Elrond spoke on, unable to suppress the pride he felt in his son. After what seemed an interminable time to most of the audience, he finally said the words all had been waiting for. "Bring forth the First Sword of Estel Elrondion!" Glorfindel choked down a gasp of laughter at the sight of two—not four—elves carrying a large cushion-like object, about the size of a small door. The ancient warrior hissed at Erestor under his breath, "What? No tassels?" The First Councilor stepped firmly on the instep of the Marshall of Imladris. "Quiet!" The small platform was gently placed on a small pedestal to Elrond's right. Estel dared to sneak a quick glance and his anticipation dimmed a little. The sword on the velvet could not be Elros'. The blade was hidden in an intricately carved leathern scabbard, but the hilt was not the one that had come to his hand so easily. He gazed somberly at his father as Elrond reached for the scabbard and held it before him in both hands. He lowered his voice and looked directly at Estel. "Take your First Sword, my son." Estel reached out both his hands at chest height and received the scabbard. The hilt that was close to his left hand was made to the same pattern as the sword he had wished to receive. However, where the older hilt had been near-black, this one shown with gold and silver. Instead of leather wrappings, thick wire coiled around the grip. Estel slowly turned and faced the audience, then raised his hands high, holding the sword over his head. Tumultuous applause and cries of: "Hail the defender of Imladris!" and "Wield it well, young warrior!" rang through the Hall. Gradually the clamor died, and Estel felt everyone was watching him expectantly. Glorfindel touched his shoulder as he whispered, "Draw it, Estel." Nodding, Estel shifted his grip and placed one hand on the hilt. He pulled, and with a sweet, soft hiss the blade came free. He lifted it high as again cheers broke out, and his heart began to bang in his chest. He swung the blade in a sweeping arc and more cheers answered the gesture. He swung again and finished the stroke with the blade high overhead, the torchlight flashing in brilliant highlights on the shining blade. He spun to face his father again, joy blazing in his eyes. "Ada!! It is the same – it is his ! It must be, though I do not know why it looks so differently now." Elrond smiled warmly. "It is the same. It is – was – Elros' sword. It is yours now." He gave the boy a quick hug, mindful of the newly sharp edge that was a little too close for comfort. "It looks differently because it has been cleaned of tarnish, and a new wrapping put on the grip." He sighed. "I am ashamed it ever came to be in such a state, but those days are past. I expect that you will take excellent care of it, will you not?" As the boy earnestly promised, Elrond became somber. "Estel, listen carefully. I have gifted you this sword. You do not need to be careful with it, nor do you need to think of it as a treasure of my House. It is yours now. Use it hard and well – I have the strange feeling that it wants to be so used." He lifted the chin that was just beginning to lose its childishness, showing hints of the strength of the man to come. "My brother would be proud to know that he could be reach through the years and help his descendent. I am proud and happy to see it in your hands. Now – " He gave the chin a little push. "Go and show your new sword to your friends!" Estel said with great seriousness, "I thank you, Ada, with all my heart." Then he turned and held the sword high again as he was surrounded by elves. Glorfindel, who had no need to see yet another sword, smiled wryly at his friend. "So you gave it to him, after all. It is well done of you, but I was afraid you could not part with it." Elrond placed a hand on his marshal's shoulder, turning him toward a lavish spread of refreshments. "I had no intention of giving it to him at first. But I have lived a long time, and seen many, many strange things – almost as many as you have. And one thing I have learned: do not fight the inexplicable, nor the inevitable. The sword wanted him. Do not look at me like that! You did not have it nearly take your head off, when I simply wanted to hang it back on the wall!" "Well, since I will have to see the blasted thing nearly every day, I think I prefer to belive that you are merely an overly indulgent parent. I will sleep better if I do." Elrond chuckled. "No wonder they call you wise. Wine?" xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I lay upon the knees of my master. His fingers slowly circle, the little rag with its gritty kiss soothing us both, after a day of overmuch excitement. Wonder of wonders, I am his, and he is mine. Mine to teach, mine to protect, mine to serve. My restlessness is stilled by his hand. Tomorrow I will begin to make him into a warrior. My long wait has ended. I am content. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Fin