of Gondor and tried to avoid the King, but as I said the encounters were accidental. He even left with his friend, another famous one, the Dwarf Gimli to far away lands as to escape, but having duties to Gondor made he always come back to Ithilien. Being it's governor Aragorn also had to go there from time to time, or Legolas to Minas Tirith. Their lives were a torment. Legolas said he could only imagine what his beloved went through but for him life was an eternal struggling of hiding from the King of Gondor, then not being able to control himself and succumbing to his lover's embrance to later on feel remorseful, as much as missing the only one he ever loved so intensely he thought he could fade. When finally the mortal one fade he could feel only pain and a horrifying relief for not to fall in temptation again. Arwen soon followed and because of that he couldn't feel more guilty. He just stood behind, having constructed a ship for his friend Dwarf himself he ended up deciding not to go, not knowing what to do but just lingering with the only memories he could have of his love. The guilt became easier to carry and sometimes he would look upon Minas Tirith from afar. He left Ithilien to never be seen again and took the remaining elves with him but one by one they all went away across the sea, and it seems now he lives alone in there, probably in some woods.' At this point Ithildin couldn't find his voice anymore, grief striking his heart as he already loved the Elf for basically saving his life from the same mistake...the same grief. After long moments, at the sound of both of them weeping, he regained his strenght. 'You see, it has been not years, not some seasons but centuries since he decided to linger. I don't care I'll live half that time. Elvish blood still runs in my veins, he made me realize I can't live like that. He said that if he could go back in time, maybe it would have been better to tell Arwen. They still would not be together for Aragorn needed to be King and restore the throne so long forgotten but they could be together as lovers, without hurting anyone and when the time came Aragorn had plenny of heirs to choose from. The Prince Faramir was one of them and his oldest son was a wise man, but instead they rushed in the only decision they knew because both Aragorn and Legolas did not want to hurt Arwen when in truth it's all they did.' 'That's horrible Ithil...' Ellah held him onto her chest. 'I never more a tragic tale. I can't blame either of them. When we hear about The Fellowship of the Ring we always had the idea of great and noble heroes, selfless beings that got together no matter the differences between them deserved a happy ending but met such a sad struggle is hard to understand. And to know that one of them is still alive, but unhappy...' 'Yes my love. You see, it wasn't me who tried to bring you a happy ending, but King Legolas.' 'You don't know where he is? Can't we go there from time to time and make him some company? Maybe and hopefully make him remember that if the tales are true, that Valinor can cure his heart?' 'I... I think he lingers for hope...' 'Hope? Hope of what? All he knew is dead now. They were never together and never will be.' 'Call me crazy El, but... I don't know...' 'Tell me.' 'I got this insane idea, or call it a feeling, but I think he expects Aragorn to reborn.' 'Gods, that is so sad, it will never happen.' 'Nevertheless, there are things that he told me in his smooth voice that made me realize he's been watching Aragorn's descendants all this time... He takes care of us, like some nights ago when he came to give me conci. He seemed to find comfort in doing so. I don't know why, but I think he's finding redemption this way.' He held her tight. 'That's the story I had to tell you my love, my King's doom. And we never knew.' And then he remembered. 'You know what's funny? I had a dream with a man I couldn't indentify, but now remembering the paitings I am sure it was King Elessar.' In the woods of ancient Mirkwood a hooded form seemed to float while walking to a stone that stood in the middle of nothing. The being walked slowly like in a ceremony. Kneeling down a pale hand appeared to touch what was a grave. Weeping a smooth voice said. 'Forgive me... my love... Forgive me for stealing your body to bring you here, close to me as I never had you in life and forgive me for your descendants only honor a shallow grave... without knowing it... but more than that, forgive me for leaving you here alone now. I think... No... I have to go home now... Do you remember how I felt the call of the sea? It's driving me mad... I will take you to lay beside Arwen. I buried her in Lothlórien as she didn't know I followed her... Remember how we didn't want her to die all alone and you made me promise to be by her side when the time came? I will take you both to the ancient Rivendell, for I think it is the place where you were both happy once, maybe because I didn't enter your life yet to become your doom... Is that okay? Is it Aragorn?' Only silence answered the lone figure. And then the weeping sound filled the forest once more, a common sound in those parts, for centuries past. Close by a leaf fell silently. ~The End ~ * *Moon-silver: Ithildin ~~~Please review!~~~