most serious voice, "If you promise to wake me so that I know you have come, I will go to sleep when I am supposed to." "Excellent! We are agreed – " "After my story." "Naturally. Now if you will excuse – " "And my song." "Of course, but – " "And my treat." This was too much for the elf lord and one eyebrow soared in a signal well known to the inhabitants of the valley. "Are you finished?" The dark-haired head bent. "Yes, Adar." A long-fingered hand, adorned this night with a large cabochon cut ruby, lifted the small chin and pinched it teasingly. "Good! Elladan, you are excused from the Hall while you and Elrohir tend to Estel. However, you will both return when you have finished." "I was hoping to remain with Estel and read in his room while he sleeps. I have spent every night this week doing my duty, Adar!" "You have. And you will continue to do it. You can laugh and jest with the men better than any of us and I want them wined and mellow so that they will be amenable to my counsel tomorrow." "The things I do for Imladris! Come along, Estel. Elrohir has finished his song and will be ready to come with us." The two headed for the musicians and quickly found a near-duplicate of Elladan. The younger twin was dressed the same as the elder in robes that echoed the colors in their father's but were more tailored and had close-fitting sleeves rather than large, pendulous ones. Their hair was exactly like their father's; nearly black and hanging to their waists, though they scorned elaborate braids even for formal occasions, preferring their hair loose or held back in a single plait down their backs. Tonight it was loose and flowing, swaying gently as they walked out of the hall with Estel between them. "Elrohir, did you know that Adar – " Two pairs of dark grey eyes met, laughing at Estel's newfound formality. "- said I may stand beside him when the elves from Mirkwood arrive?" "Very impressive! You must have been a very good boy. Are you excited to see them?" The three brothers moved on through the halls, Estel now skipping between the twins. "Yes, for I have never met a prince before!" "Oh no? What about us, we are princes, too!" "No, 'Dan, I mean a real prince!" Elladan stopped dead. The other two turned to see why he was not keeping up with them and saw a tragic sight. The strong warrior stood stricken to the heart. He covered his face in his hands and sobbed. Estel tugged at his robe desperately. "What is wrong? Are you hurt? Please, what is wrong!" Elrohir simply stood, hands on hips, and waited for Elladan's latest teasing to play itself out. The heartbroken elf lifted eyes that were red (from the vigorous rubbing he had given them behind the cover of his hands and hair) and said brokenly to his twin, "'Ro, it appears we have been mistaken all this time—we are not real princes." Elrohir did not play along and said flatly, "Yes, we are." Very troubled, Estel looked back and forth between them. He wanted to comfort Elladan but he had a strong sense of truth, even if he did not always act accordingly. "Elladan, I do not want you to be unhappy but –" "(sniff) But?" "But I am sorry; you are not the son of a king. You must be the son of a king to be a prince." He put one hand on each brother, stroking them. "I am so sorry. I thought everyone knew that. I do still love you!" Now Estel began to sniffle in turn. "I do not care if you are not princes—you are my brothers!" Elladan knelt and gathered Estel into his arms in a tight hug. "As long as you love us, I can bear not being a real prince." Elrohir said dryly, "That is very intrepid of you, Elladan. Now, Estel, come along to your bath and tell us more about this real prince." As the twins removed the boy's clothing and led him to their bathing pool, Estel gave them a learned dissertation on princes. "You must call them 'Highness' and you must bow all the time when you see them. They wear very fancy clothes with gold and jewels all over them, and they sit in special chairs way above all the other people. They are very handsome and very tall." "Thank you for telling us, Estel. Otherwise, we would not know how to behave around Prince Legolas." Elrohir winked at Elladan as he lowered the boy into the warm water. "And they wear crowns." "Yes, thank you, Estel, now –" "And everyone has to do what they say." "Fine. Now – " "And no one can make them take a bath or do –" "Estel, enough!" "- anything they do not want to do, because they are a prince." "Let us drown him." "Agreed! We will tell Ada it was an accident." The twins began to tickle Estel, but he was wet and slippery, and all that happened was the twins became as wet as he was as he slipped and slid all over the smooth marble surfaces of the pool. Estel squealed with laughter as he shot through his brothers' hands like a cake of soap. At last they managed a firm grip and pulled the dripping child from the fragrant water and enfolded him in an immense towel, wrapping it around and around him. Then Elladan slung him under one arm like a parcel and carried the wriggling, giggling Estel to his room. After a few bedtime stories—that did not, to Estel's disappointment, feature Orc ghosts—the yawning child was settled for the night. Two nearly identical heads bent and two sets of lips pressed a kiss to pink cheeks. "Good-night Estel." "Good-night…'Dan…'Ro…see you…to..morrow…" xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx End Chapter 1/6