acknowledged politely, before returning to his narrative. "The tiny flowers that appear while all is yet damp and chill are …" His voice continued on into the night. On another occasion he described the Wood-elves. "They can speak to the trees and are answered! They run through the high branches as easily as I run down a forest path, and the leaves barely quiver at their passing. Their voices are so beautiful that even when they are just singing merry catches you want to weep for the glory of it." "Do you have friends among these Wood-elves?" The northerner said quietly, "Aye. My best friend in all this world is a Wood-elf. I should not have left him as I did – with naught but a letter he could not have received until I was well gone from his reach." "If he is to you as you say, he will be waiting for you. Although with perhaps a few choice words!" "Not a doubt of it! He is lettered and can blister my ears in five languages!" "I take it he is older than you, and seeks to council a reckless youngling?" "Older? Oh yes, by a few years or so . . ." On the third evening Aragorn spoke of the trees of the northlands. "Winter is a time of sleep. Most trees have only a few brown, sere leaves, and the predominant colors are restful grays and white. Then there is the yellow-green of spring, when the grass and leaves are newly come, small and tender. That is followed by the full, lush green of the season of rampant growth, so refreshing to gaze upon, rich and vibrant. After that is the tired, dusty green of late summer. And that, my friend, is followed by the blazing splendor of fall, when the hills and mountains are sheeted in the yellow of the sun, the orange of the finest sorrel horse, the crimson of blood—oh, so many colors, all at once!" Now Aragorn was not the only one with a dreaming, distracted expression. KahmyAr said fervently, "How I wish I could see these wonders!" xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The fourth morning after Aragorn had returned to his senses, he shouldered his replenished pack. He had carried small gemstones on his journey to use for gifts and barter. He placed four stones—an emerald, a ruby, and two river pearls—in KahmyAr's hand as he clasped the arm of the Haradrim and said seriously, "There is no way I can repay you for what you have done. For an enemy no less, but please accept these to at least make up for the delay in your travels and the loss of your nieces' gifts." "There is no need, but I will take them to remember you by, for whatever you may be—and I am not such a fool that I think you a mere wanderer—you are no enemy of mine." Aragorn made a cautious gesture to the northeast, and although there was no one else to hear him he lowered his voice. "You speak truth, for I am no enemy of yours, though I will fight with every fiber of my being against that which violates all our lands. Please, KahmyAr, do not allow yourself to be swept along with your countrymen into darkness. If the time comes that you fear being forced to a choice you do not wish to make, come to my people and there will be a welcome for you. All will know of what you have done for me. Say you are the one who saved Estel in Haradwaith." "Estel?" questioned KahmyAr with a slight smile. "It is my true name; the one I am called by my father and brothers." "I wondered if you would trust me with it. Now, begone before the sun gets any higher. And make sure you do squander the trouble I have taken for you, by traveling too far the first few days. You are not yet at full strength, child!" "I will take care if you promise the same, old man." Aragorn hesitated and then pulled KahmyAr into a brief, fierce embrace before turning abruptly and starting on the long road to Imladris. Sighing a little at how much he was going to miss the boy, the Haradrim watched him out of sight before spinning on one heel and starting for his own home. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx KahmyAr traveled for three days, each day a shorter distance. At night he chided himself for a fool as his thoughts dwelt on green hills and water that ran in such wasteful excess over the ground that it leaped and tumbled, filling a far away valley with silver mist. A spark glowed in his eyes as he thought on the wonders Aragorn had spoken of. It was folly to think on these things; he was an old, tired man who needed to return to the safe and familiar. But as he looked long into the flames that night, he felt warmer than the fire alone could make him. The next day he shook himself and strode out firmly, done with lingering. He reached home two weeks later but his activities throughout the next month puzzled his friends and relations. He bought desert-bred horses—two stallions—choosing the finest available this far north. They would serve both as mounts to ease an old man's journey, and as gifts for a guest to give his lordly host—if he should ever have the occasion to bestow them. He purchased new clothing, clothing that was warm and made from the toughest materials. He spent hours speaking with every trader who came through his town, and at night he carefully copied the information he had gained onto parchment. He slept little, spending a few hours of each night staring into his hearth while the flames were reflected in his dark eyes. Each morning as the sun came up he stood in his doorway looking north. And he burned. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx End "Contagion" KahmyAr (kah'-mee-ar; Persian name)