There is no reason you must do it." It was one of the rare moments when the two friends allowed their true feelings to show. "Nay, Erestor, I thank you, but I will do it. I should not be such a maudlin fool; it was long and long ago." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx A few days after the meeting of the conspirators, Legolas began to appear at meals with burns, bruises, and cuts on his hands. He made many excuses for the injuries, each more inventive than the last. He kept out of Elrond's sight as much as possible; Aragorn was a tougher proposition. After one particularly outrageous excuse the man got his friend alone and pinned him with a stern stare. "What is happening, Legolas? Is someone hurting you? Are you feeding your hands into the cook's grinder for amusement? You are hiding something from me and… I wonder why you will not confide in me, gwador nin?" The stern eyes had turned beseeching and Legolas looked around the room in desperation. He saw Elladan go past the doorway in the hall and said in a dark and sinister tone, "Ask Elladan." As Aragorn sprinted out of the room Legolas laughed with relief. Of course, he now had to avoid Elrond and Elladan. As Legolas created the Ithilvir he worked alone by the light of the moon, and used spells and charms as he toiled. He crafted with love and (sometimes inadvertently) blood, and strong enchantments were wrought. Meanwhile, Erestor moved about the Last Homely House like a palace revolutionary, speaking with this elf or that one in hidden corners and hushed voices. Throughout the next three weeks the clothiers of Imladris had a sudden influx of orders for robes of unusual patterns. At the same time, many old and beautiful things were unearthed from trunks and storage rooms. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx (Years later, Aragorn is wandering Middle Earth.) Aragorn waded into the river with an almost elven joy, completely absorbed in his senses. He delighted in the feel of the cool water sliding through his fingers, pushing against his thighs, chuckling sweetly as it made its way around his body and continued on its journey. Moonlight shimmered and glowed on the rippling surface. He carried a bit of soap but thrust it into his hair to free his hands. He reached down to the riverbed and scooped up handfuls of sand. He began to scour his body, relishing the sting as not only dirt but a little skin was abraded away. He had never been this dirty before in his life. That was the hardest thing about living with men. He could never get completely used to it. His companions in the river took a bath every few weeks and scoffed at Aragorn's prissiness. However, even they welcomed a bath tonight since the exigencies of their current mission had precluded anyone putting themselves in such a vulnerable position for a very long time. Aragorn had gone from ordinary dirt to ground-in dirt to dirt in as many layers as an onion. When he had sanded off the worst he retrieved the soap and began to lather himself. His companions had already finished and were now splashing and shoving each other down into the water (it was after dinner and bathing was not the only thing available after long abstinence: the ale had flowed freely). Two of them came over to Aragorn having decided that the man was more than clean enough. They laughed at his head full of lather but were suddenly still as the light of Ithil winked off an object lying in the hollow of his throat. He saw their gaze and quickly placed a hand protectively over the gleaming pendant. "What is that, Thorongil?" "Nothing. Just something I wear to remember my home." "Your home or your leman?" Dolir smirked. He grabbed at it and Aragorn stepped backward, smiling. "Think what you please." "Let me see it! I want to see what some trollop would be daft enough to give you!" They were catching the attention of the others and Aragorn was soon surrounded. The play grew rough and he began to fear for his jewel. Why had he not kept it in his mouth as he usually did when bathing at night? He had been tired and too focused on the delight of having a chance to get clean. The rowdiness turned to anger when he continued to refuse to show them his bauble. He was seized from behind and held fast by two of the largest in the group. Dolir reached for the shining pendant. It slipped to the side. He grabbed yet again, and the jewel slid from his fingers. A third try and this time he knew he had firmly grasped it but he could swear he felt the blasted thing move by itself. He began to fear a little, certain there was sorcery involved. But when he backed away his confederates hooted and scoffed and pushed him forward again. He became determined to get the charm in his fist. He lunged and enfolded his entire hand around it and yanked hard. The silver chain cut deeply and then the clasp snapped. Aragorn gave a despairing cry and plunged violently in the hold of his captors. Dolir uncurled his fist to show everyone his prize and it immediately slipped off his hand and into the water. With a fierce twist Aragorn broke free and dived into the river where his gem had disappeared, but the current was strong and the depth increased quickly. He searched all night and the next day until he was ordered to leave with his patrol. His fellow soldiers rode at a distance from him, chastened by his fell anger. That night Aragorn bedded down far from the rest of the company and lay with one arm across his forehead. Streaks that gleamed in the moonlight ran from the corners of his eyes and memories assailed him. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx End Chapter 1