gone!" Several yards away, the six at the High Table watched as their carefully laid plans came to naught. Elrond made as though to jump across the table and stop his son, but Erestor grabbed his arm. "It is too late, my lord." Elrohir groaned, "Legolas, shoot him! Shoot him now!" The elleth gushed on "You were? My dear, that is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me! I must make you another! I will get started right after breakfast!" Uncomprehending of what he had just done, Estel smiled and mumbled, "Thank you. We will look forward to it." He bowed and left her to make his way to his seat beside Elrohir, who with great self-control managed to not grab his little brother by the throat. "Estel?" "Yes?" "I hate you." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The next morning, the elleth appeared bright and early with another one. As two days before, she was not content to deliver it but brought along lovely thin stoneware plates and sliced it herself. Beaming, she passed the treat around and watched with expectation. Six elves lifted forks with hands that trembled and placed a small bite in their mouths. Six jaws chewed, and six throats swallowed manfully. Six mouths smiled and spoke the carefully tempered praise that had been prepared the previous day. The elleth moved flutteringly about, asking if anyone wanted more and refusing to leave until each had eaten his entire generous slice. Only the human did not eat and Elrond carefully explained that his son was being punished and the treat withheld. Frowning, she extracted a promise that Estel would have his portion saved for him, and then she finally took herself off to regale her friends with tales of how much the ruler of Imladris liked her recipe. Estel hesitantly poked a fork at the stuff on the plate before him. He spoke into a doom-laden silence. "It does not look horrible. The cake part looks dark and moist and rich. These shiny red and green things look, well, I do not know what they are but how bad can they be? And surely those are walnuts and chestnuts? I am quite fond of them." Elrond used the sad occasion to instruct his son, for he was a diligent parent. "We have not much time until the effects begin to manifest themselves, but I would be remiss if I did not point out an axiom that is demonstrated here, Estel. The lesson is this: you should never judge by appearances. Many have been fooled by a fruitcake's uncanny resemblance to food." He shook his head and trembled as the first wave of nausea struck him. "Mordinel's are particularly deceptive." Elrohir had not forgotten the previous betrayal. "Ada, I think Elladan should eat Estel's piece, as well." His brother turned disbelieving eyes to him. "I hate you," he said. Elrond rose to signal that the 'meal' was at an end. He turned to Estel. "Ion, we have tried to keep this terrible event from you, but now the truth has come out. We -" He gestured at the group. "- will be unavailable the entire day for anything except a direct attack upon the House itself. I am leaving everything in your hands. Come to my study within the next hour and I may still be capable of instructing you in what needs to be done to complete the festival preparations." Then, head erect, stride smooth and controlled, the lord of Imladris left the dining hall. His co-sufferers followed his example as best they could but, except for Glorfindel's martial air, presented a very sorry spectacle. Estel watched his family leave with some concern, but before following them to demand more answers, he pulled the plate that Elrohir had left at Elladan's chair towards him. Honestly, sometimes Elrond treated him like he was still a child. All that fuss for a, what was it? Oh yes, a fruitcake. Just to be safe, he took a very small bite. He contemplated the taste. A little chewy perhaps, and the red and green things were a bit slimy, but he had eaten far worse in the wild. Since most of the other breakfast dishes were depleted, he finished Mordinel's treat. Then he drank Elladan's water, finished the half muffin on Glorfindel's plate, helped himself to the lone strip of bacon at his father's place, and carefully wiped his mouth on a napkin. He stood, stretched, and yawned; he had put in a very full day yesterday. He had nearly reached Elrond's quarters when the first cramp hit. He staggered the rest of the way and slumped against the door, groaning and praying he would not be sick on the spot. His father, hearing a thump and dragging sound at his door, walked slowly over to open it. He saw his youngest son bent over and groaning. Estel raised a green face and cried desperately, "Ada! Help me! I think I have been poisoned!" "Oh, Estel! You did not -!" The groans became more urgent. The elf lord interrupted himself, put an arm around his son, and dragged him ruthlessly toward his bathing chamber. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx In the prince's well-appointed suite, two lay upon the bed atop a dark green quilt. They lay on their backs, holding very still, breathing shallowly to cause as little disturbance to their mid-sections as possible. Their eyes were fixed on the ceiling and their hands held fistfuls of the quilt. A third elf was curled upon himself on the hearthrug, whining. "Why do I have to stay down here? There is room for all of us on that bed." Through stiff lips Elrohir replied, "I do not care if the bed were as big as Imladris. Legolas and I have already suffered one full day already. Did you really think you could blithely skirt our tribulations and suffer no consequences?" Legolas answered Elladan more directly. "Because we hate you." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx End A/N I do not care for fruitcake