they enjoyed the looks on our faces. For the next several days Legolas recovered steadily. With Mother at home, I spent the greater part of my days in the fields; but I still made time to talk to Elessar and Legolas, or just to listen to their badinage. Father had refused, with some degree of horror, the king's offer to help around the farm; and Legolas teased his friend to no end about it. I didn't get the joke myself. Half of what those two said I couldn't understand, whether because they were speaking a different language or because they were referring to past events; but the good humor was so evident that I always felt cheered. Legolas did teach me a few words of Elvish, notably mellon-nin and hannon le, as well as some basic facts about his people. I felt sure that no-one in the village possessed my new knowledge. I did a lot of hard thinking in those days. And by the time Olath, Amir and I walked down to the village again, I had reached a decision – with some unwitting help from the friends I had watched so closely. None of the girls my age would look at me when we entered the square – probably remembering my earlier fits of anger. But I had a plan. I went to Attalaen first, then to my old friends. To each I said the same thing. I said, let's start over. It turned out that the other girls had been thinking too. Attalaen said she had been about to ask me the same thing. The others said they were willing to give her a chance. So we all stood in a lumpy sort of circle and looked at each other. "How exactly do we 'start over'?" someone asked. "Hi." I waved. "I'm Kira. Nice to meet you." Everybody laughed. Soon we were all talking – sometimes all at once – just like old times, plus one more. "Told you so," I said. But I said it with a smile, so they'd know I wasn't truly angry. We were just considering going to watch the older boys – whatever they were doing – when hoofbeats pierced the air and the entire square fell silent. Everyone from the old bread woman to the littlest children turned towards the sound. Horses to us were for farmwork. A rider on the road meant soldiers, messengers – or perhaps something more sinister. So it was that Elessar and Legolas, both astride the king's horse, made rather a grand entrance. After a moment for recognition, whispers rushed through the crowd. The king! Although he was dressed for travel, his face was known to all, thanks to the artistic skills of those who had attended his coronation not three years past. And an elf! – that left people simply confused. To my surprise, the king and Legolas dismounted and led the horse up to me. Elessar smiled and nodded to my wide-eyed friends, a twinkle in his gaze. "Legolas would like to say – " "That he can speak for himself, thank you very much," the elf said irritably. I heard gasps from the onlookers – no doubt they were shocked to hear this strange being speak in that tone to our monarch. " I would like to say," Elessar amended, "thank you for your assistance and company this week." Somewhere in the back of my mind I remembered the proper words. "You are most welcome, my lord." I hesitated, then added, "You'll be leaving now?" "I must. I left the city rather quickly, I'm afraid. I don't imagine my advisors are very happy with me." "They'll kill you," Legolas said cheerfully. He rested a hand on my shoulder. " Hannon le, Kira." " Hannon le," I responded, looking at both of them, wondering if they would know what I was thanking them for. I think they did; but then they turned away to say farewell to my brothers, who had fought their way through the crowd. I found it amazing that news of the king's presence hadn't leaked out before. "I am sorry we can't stay," I heard the king tell Attalaen's father, who was in the process of a deep bow, "but I really must get back to the city. Your townspeople are very accommodating, incidentally." He winked at me, then leaned over to say something to Olath, who laughed. Within five minutes Elessar and Legolas were on their way, the villagers clearing a path for the horse; and I found Olath as the crowd dispersed. "What did he tell you, just now?" "The king? Asked why we had to come here today. Otherwise they could've left quietly." Olath shook his head. "Me, I'd want the attention. Adoration. Girls falling at my feet. Wouldn't you?" I nodded and said, mostly to myself, "Then again, I guess that's not why he came." As a young woman I traveled. Snatching up sewing or healing jobs where I could, I went through Rohan and Bree, visited scattered towns of men, and even ventured into Near Harad. Any time I saw the local rulers parade ostentatiously down the street accompanied by ridiculous retinues – every time I heard of yet another lecherous affair connected to the ruling family – every time – I thought to myself, No, that's not what leadership is. So I returned to Gondor and settled again near Minas Tirith – the City of Kings – where I could sometimes see Elessar, and later his son, as they went about their business. True kings they were, and good ones. Kings who bettered their country not only with peace and prosperity, but with themselves. That is the mark of a successful reign . . . or a successful life. It is the way I did well for myself – the way I raised my children – learning, and leading, by example. Please R&R. Make my hectic week happy and I will love you forever.