poorly, that person should be me." Pippin's little mouth slowly dropped open. "But . . . but . . . You live here, Frodo!" The elder cousin smiled wryly. "Yes I do, but that's what Bilbo should do to someone who misuses his nice hole like I did. I wasn't a good host, Pippin. A good host should never get so drunk that he can't care for the needs of his guests." "You took care of their needs, Frodo," The lad said softly lowering his gaze back to the custard tart. "You served a really good dinner and had all sorts of nice afters and things for filling up corners. And they all said how good the wine and ale was." He paused then added, "They all seemed to be havin fun." "They? You mean my friends who came to the party? Well, I supposed they did, though I don't remember some of the evening, and they weren't my only guests. Weren't you one of my guests? Weren't you visiting Bag End?" The little head nodded. "But I'm just family and a lad. I'm not a grown up friend." "A guest is a guest, Pippin, whether they are family or friend. After all, everyone here last night was a relative, excepting Sam. You were, are, no less a guest because you are my cousin, nor because you're just a lad, and I didn't take good care of your needs at all." Pippin looked up at his cousin, but didn't say anything. "I left you with Sam most of the day while I dallied about with rather unimportant parts of the preparations for the party. I didn't speak with you at dinner, and I most certainly did not pay mind to your needs afterwards either." "You tucked me in bed." "Yes I did, but who told you some stories?" "Sam." "Who had spent time with you all day, and who played with you while I was busy with my other guests?" "Sam." "Yes. Sam. Sam was a good host, though it was not his place to be one. He took care of you and all my guests. He took care of me. I was not a good host, and I'm certain that Bilbo will not be pleased when he finds out how I behaved." Frodo sighed and took Pippin's hand in his. "Pip, what you did was not your fault. You had gone to the privy before you got into bed, just like you should. You were scared and missing your family and what happened happens sometimes to young ones when they are afraid and feeling lonely. Then, you were a very good brave lad because you came to tell me what happened so I could help you. Did I help you, Pip?" Pippin shook his head. He blushed and lowered his head. "No," he sadly whispered. "No need for you to feel badly about it, Pippin! I was the one who was wrong," Frodo softly exclaimed. "Look at me, Pippin." The lad looked up. "Now, you keep looking at me and answer my question. Did I help you?" "No," Pippin said softly. "No, I did not help you. What did I do?" "You . . ." "It's all right, Pip. Tell me what I did." Out it all poured. "You yelled, Frodo. You yelled at me and your face got all red and you yelled and you pulled me down the tunnel and you spanked me and yelled some more and you said I just wanted 'tension and you told me to clean up my mess and sleep on the floor." The lad was crying hard now and his speach had been peppered with many sniffles and quick, shaky gasps. The fear and humiliation he had felt the night before shown in his eyes. Frodo hung his head, then suddenly went down on his knees beside Pippin's chair, flinging his arms around his little cousin and hugging him tight. "I'm so sorry, Pip!" Frodo sobbed. "You didn't deserve that. I'm so sorry. You weren't naughty, I was!" For a long while the two held each other and cried. Frodo had never felt so horrible and was lost in a internal tirade against himself for being so harsh to his little cousin. Then Frodo noticed one small hand was patting his back. "It's all right, Cousin Frodo," Pippin was cooing in his ear. "It's all right. Cousin Bilbo won't make you leave. I'll tell him you didn't mean it and he won't make you leave. I love you, Frodo. It's all right." Frodo's heart took a moment to be amazed at the love of children, then he squeezed Pip a little harder. "I love you too, Pip," he whispered in the little ear that was brushing his lips. "I love you and I promise you I will never treat you that badly again." Frodo pulled away to look into the child's eyes. He grinned at Pippin. "That doesn't mean you won't get punished if you misbehave, young hobbit, but I will never be out of control with you again, and I'll never treat you rudely when you come to visit." They hugged again. As they did, Frodo's glance fell upon Pippin's stirred up, toyed with, custard tart. "Your tart is looking a bit soupy, Pippin." Pippin looked over at the pastry. "I sort of mixed it about too much I think." "Would you like mine? I will be happy to swap with you." Pippin nodded and the tarts were exchanged. Pippin dug in with all the enthusiasm of the child that he was. As Frodo ate the soupy tart he felt it was the least he deserved for how he had behaved. Pippin stayed for two weeks, the last few days of which Cousin Bilbo was back home at Bag End. Bilbo was not happy to hear how Frodo had behaved, but was proud of how his lad owned up to his misdeed. Frodo was never such a poor host again.