body back to Imladris. If alive, he would rescue him. A short, harsh bark of laughter jerked from his throat. Rescue! He, Lindir, rescue the Prince of Mirkwood from desperate cutthroats! He began to laugh harder, and the sound rang with an hysterical edge to it. Digging his nails sharply into his palms, he regained control of himself and began to plan. For farce or not, the minstrel was going to war. Ten minutes later, Lindir had devised a strategy. It was insane, of course—he acknowledged that. It had no chance of success and would merely give the villains two elves instead of one. Nevertheless, Lindir rose from his cross-legged crouch and began his preparations. He pulled his dagger—new and still awkward in his hand—from his belt and began cutting off large hanks of hair such that the remainder just brushed his shoulders. He did not even glance at the long tresses that fell to the ground, except to note that he must bury them before he left. Ever since the ambush he no longer looked like the stylish elf that had ridden from Imladris, yet he took a handful of dirt and rubbed it into his hair, dulling it and clumping the silken strands together. He unrolled his bedroll and set about making several things from the rough weave, using the small, clever kit that all Imladrians carried when traveling. A headband first, which he settled firmly, making sure it held his hair down and snug over his pointed ears. Next, since he could not hide the elven nature of his clothing, he made a rough surcoat to cover all. The fact that he had never sewed a stitch in his life gave an air of realism to his desire to appear as someone completely untrustworthy and down on his luck. He made several other adjustments to his appearance, including a patch over one eye—which also helped secure his hair—and deep gouges down one cheek. He rolled in more dirt to complete his disguise. He then took up the other bundle and yanked the coverings aside. The lute twanged in protest, but his grim expression never changed. He forcefully tightened the pegs of the third and eighth courses until they broke, the high keening 'ping' echoing painfully in his heart. He took the brambles that had served so well on his face and hands, and gouged the shining wooden bands which made up the belly of the instrument. He flicked nicks from the surface with his dagger and then rubbed the lute well with dirt, darkening the fresh wounds so they would look like those to be expected from a long and hard life. When he was finished, the lovely instrument Glorfindel had gifted to him looked like something that should be thrown on a midden. With the last strips of his blanket he tied a rough sling for carrying the lute. As darkness fell, he tossed it over his shoulder. Without even pausing for a deep breath, he started out of the cover of the wood. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Lindir pressed his back tightly to the rickety wooden wall of the alehouse. The dark of a moonless night, normally not much of a hindrance to elves, seemed thick and malevolent, carrying a miasma of all the filthiness men could produce when living like animals. They were worse than animals, Lindir thought savagely, for no animals would amuse themselves as the men within were doing, at this very moment. Lindir's stomach heaved, bile in his throat, at the thought of what was happening as well as the knowledge that it would be some time before his plan could work. He felt again a consuming self-loathing and guilt, for if he were not merely a minstrel, the elf within the alehouse would not be at the mercy of monsters as fell as any orc, though they bore the faces of the Afterborn. He heard a slight sound and slid along the wall, keeping in the darkest shadows away from any torchlight. His heart pounded, but it was merely a scrawny cat. Things were going well, better than he had any reason to expect. He had snuck into the tiny village without difficulty, and by hiding and listening had learned that the entire industry of this huddle of hastily thrown-up habitations was thievery and mayhem. Since it appeared the habitual state of the men—when not out raiding and ambushing travelers—was soused to the eyeballs, Lindir had little to fear from the few guards who staggered about shouting, "Who goes there?" to every starving cur or piece of wind-blown refuse. The women, poor shivering souls, kept within doors and no doubt had learned to hear and see nothing. The village could not have been in existence for more than a few months, or Imladris would already have heard of their nefarious activities and put a stop to them. Taking a deep breath, and using all the performance skills he had honed in his lifetime, Lindir straightened away from the wall and walked boldly out of the noisome alley and around to the door. His gate was graceless and he had a slight limp. His shoulders were hunched and he looked both servile and malicious. He walked through the ill-fitting door and swept his gaze furtively around the room. The air was thick with smells he preferred not to identify, as well as smoke from pipes and a poorly maintained chimney. Raucous laughter came from men grouped in a semi-circle by the back wall. One man stumbled backward in order to vomit an overabundance of ale in a corner, and Lindir saw what caused the men's amusement. The one he sought hung from ropes fastened to the wall and to his wrists. His back faced the crowd, while his face and chest were forced against the rough planks that formed the small tavern. His back bore witness to the abuse that had been inflicted upon him since he became a captive. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- End Chapter 1