but . . . " "Aye," Aragorn said bitterly, "but most of you still have eternity." "Oh, Estel . . . " Instinctively Legolas reached for him, catching the man's hands in both his own. "I don't know, Legolas, I don't know!" Aragorn sagged forward onto the elf's shoulder, his voice muffled: "I've been trying to figure it all out – but I cannot." "You don't have to," Legolas said firmly. He freed a hand to rub Aragorn's back gently. "You are asking for the meaning of life, Estel, and no-one knows that. Not even elves. Not even Mithrandir, I wager. The thing is, though . . . " He trailed off thoughtfully. Aragorn shivered and drew back slightly. "The thing is what?" "Elves, aye, we have forever, and most of us do very little with all that time. Mortals get things done. A great conflict is coming, Estel, and 'tis men, not elves, who will figure prominently in the fight. 'Tis men who write the history books." Legolas squeezed his friend's hand and watched while the man considered this. "What about dwarves and hobbits?" Aragorn asked finally. "By all accounts, hobbits keep to themselves and spend excessive amounts of time eating." Legolas laughed. "And dwarves – well! They do their thing underground, I suppose, but someone has to do it in civilized terrain." A hint of the smile played on the man's lips. "Says the elf who lives in a cave." Legolas rolled his eyes at the ceiling. "Were we talking about my home? Nay, I do not believe that we were." Aragorn burst out laughing and suddenly engulfed his friend in a warm embrace. " Hannon le, Legolas," he whispered. "Any time, mellon-nin. " Legolas smiled softly into the man's hair. "Now," he said briskly, drawing away, "I think someone needs his rest." "Oh, hush," Aragorn grumbled, and yawned. "Mm-hmm," Legolas said, satisfied. "I shall stay in here tonight, and if things have not changed tomorrow we will have to see your father." "Legolas – " "And I will brook no argument, human!" The prince smiled brilliantly. "Humor me. And I mean now." He slid off the bed and dragged the man's desk chair over. "You have far too much to catch up on." Aragorn yawned again and lay down, too sleepy now to protest. "At least find a more comfortable chair," he said, eyeing the elf balefully. "I sleep in trees," Legolas retorted. "I think I can manage a chair. Now sleep." He brushed a hand over the man's face. Obediently Aragorn closed his eyes. "Legolas?" "Aye?" "I'm sorry about the way I acted earlier. I – I know you were only trying to help – " "I was too harsh with you," Legolas interrupted. "We're even." Aragorn nodded, and moments passed in silence as his breathing evened out. "Legolas?" he murmured again on the edge of unconsciousness. "You're supposed to be asleep," Legolas reproved. "I'm glad you came," Aragorn whispered. Legolas smiled and gently touched the man's hair. "So am I," he affirmed softly. "Now hush . . . " "What did your brothers want?" Legolas asked in an undertone as he helped Aragorn ready his horse to leave. "To know what was wrong with me." The man glared. "It seems somebody let it slip at dinner a few nights ago." "I was trying to figure it out myself!" Legolas protested. He patted the horse's nose and added, "They would have noticed sooner or later." "But it could have been later," Aragorn said grumpily. "As in, a month after I leave. I thought I did a good job of acting, myself." "Aragorn." "Aye?" "You are a ranger, not a bard. There is a reason for that." The man laughed, tightening the girth of the saddle on his mount. "Come; I was not that bad." "I do not know, Estel. You did not draw me into the story." Legolas smirked and took the horse's reins to lead him into the courtyard. "You are sure you're all right, now?" Aragorn caught the elf's hand on the reins and squeezed briefly. "Aye," he said simply. Thanks to you. "I may be leading a mission near Mirkwood in a few months," he said aloud. "Care to join us?" "I should love to," Legolas said. "You have to actually do it now." "I will," Aragorn promised. "And for Valar's sake, Estel, if something is wrong, tell someone." The man held his eyes with unexpected honesty. "Who?" "Halbarad." Legolas said the first name that came to mind. Aragorn looked at him for a moment more, then shook his head and looked away. "Perhaps I shall see how soon that mission can leave," he said softly, checking the safety of his pack one last time before swinging into the saddle. Legolas nodded slowly, his throat tight, and gripped his friend's arm. "You do that, understand? Look after yourself, Estel." "I always do." Aragorn smiled impishly. "Don't you run into any orcs on the way home." "Don't worry. I only see orcs when I am with you," Legolas quipped, releasing his arm. He tipped his head towards the main courtyard and the gate. "Your family is waiting to say farewell." Aragorn groaned. "They'll ask me again what is wrong." "So tell them the truth – " "Legolas!" " – tell them that I took care of it," Legolas finished. "Then they will interrogate you," the man said dubiously. "Legolas – " "I won't," the prince promised. Aragorn watched him closely for a moment. "Promise." "I swear I will not tell. Unless you want me to?" At the vehement no he received Legolas said, "All right, then." The ranger smiled slowly. " Mellon-nin – hannon le. " Legolas nodded. "Now go," he commanded. "And come by Mirkwood soon." "I will," Aragorn said. " Namarie. " He rode away to face his family – and when he looked back, it was to find that his friend's gaze had been following him all the way. R&R? Please?