said as he taped his left fist into his right palm. I nodded in return, too busy thinking to speak. My thoughts were of Fladrif refusing to come to Entmoot. I was thinking that he would live to regret that decision. I was thinking Celevonrif, Cadwarnac and I might not live at all. We came back to the Moot and started over again. We listened to each other talk about our dealings with the White Wizard all the years he had lived in Orthanc. He had been a friend at one time and knew many of us by our Elvish names. Particularly, he had known Finglas, Fladrif and Fangorn. As the heads of our three main families they had represented all of the Ents in most any interactions that involved any other beings. The rest of us tended our trees. The day ended with Fangorn saying, "And so it had long been, or so we thought it had been. Fladrif, Finglas and myself thinking Saruman a wise friend and good neighbor. But now the story changes and now the Sun has also long taken her leave of us." He looked deeply into our eyes, taking time to weigh what he saw there. Slowly, he nodded. "Those of you with houses nearby, please invite home those from the furthest reaches of the forest. Of course, some of you may stay here. There is water to drink here, though there is nowhere to bathe. We gather again at sunrise tomorrow." My kin and I went home with Gadorost. The next day Fangorn began the long slow story of Saruman's betrayal of our trust. How at first he had asked us only to allow the ill seeming Men who served him to glean fallen wood and cut trees that were dead. And this was as it should be. It is part of their place in Arda for the fallen branches and lifeless shells of our trees to be of service to the other peoples. Every living thing serves a purpose in its living and its dying. But gradually Saruman's unkempt Men, including some that looked nearly like Burarum, were cutting the nearly dead and the not dead from among our herds. I spoke for my family. "It has been in the last year, perhaps two, as the outside world measures such things, that our lives had become a horror, my friends," I said, keeping my voice quiet in order to keep it under my control. "His Men and these strange Burarum walked the woods all the night and, of late, all the day!" ("Into the day?" "Surely not! Burarum cannot abide the Sun!" "How dare they!") "Yes!" I let my emotions reach my voice. "Yes, even in the bright light of the midday, they came with their axes. Most of our trees they hauled off to the fires, which now burn constantly in caves below the circle of Isengard. Yet there were also many they cut and let lie, doing nothing with them, leaving them to rot upon the earth." My throat had tightened and I could barely speak. Cadwarnac took up our tale. "They attacked and killed many of the elder Ents. Those who had become more tree-ish and had trouble moving quickly enough to defend themselves. Our family has suffered greatly and it is for this reason that our head, Fladrif, moved us into the highlands on the eastern side of the hills and mountains. Far away from Nan Curunir and the world outside the forest." His voice was nearly a whisper. "It is why he is not here. He will deal with the outside world no longer." So it went. A cousin of Bregalad's told their family's tale which was every bit as hideous as our own. And there were others who had isolated incidents to relate. The stories continued until it was a little past the midday and all had had their say. "What shall we do?" Fangorn asked of us all. The muttering and murmuring of Ent discussion was of short duration. Fordoron stepped forward. "We take Isengard. We either kill or take captive the tree-killer. We destroy the Burarum in his keeping and we kill or take captive the Men who serve him." Fangorn nodded. "Is this the decision of all who are gathered here? This must be what all of us agree to. This must be unanimous. I will not go any further otherwise." We all looked at each other. We are not hasty people given to rash actions, yet that was what was before us. The Eldest asked each of us in turn. Each of us said this was what we wished to do. It was decided. The rest of the day and part of the next was spent planning. Then . . . . . . we marched. We marched. We sang. We beat the time upon our legs. We met up with Bregalad and the Hobbits. Fangorn took the small ones back to ride upon his shoulders. As representative of the family most grievously hurt by Saruman the Traitor, I was striding upon Fangorn's right and Bregalad, whose family had suffered nearly as much as ours, fell into step upon his left. We were marching to the breaking of Isengard. Occasional beams of sunlight shot through the clouds, shining through the branches of the forest around us in gleaming triangles of light. Gradually the light faded. We marched in silence through the gloom until we crested the hills that formed the eastern side of Nan Curunir. Without a word from Fangorn we stopped. Below us lay the lair of our enemy. We thought of what we were about to do, but in those thoughts were none of leaving. Our fates, and those of the trees we loved, lay before us. We stealthily made our way into the Valley of Saruman. A/N: "Burarum" (Orc) and the long word "a-lalla-lalla-rumba-kamanda-lind-or-burume" (hill) are a couple of the few words in Entish that Tolkien uses in LOTR.