of some reflection; as if from a knife blade or other metal. Then two white circles appeared one moment and disappeared in the next. But it was enough. Mehrang sprang silently forward, until his face was mere inches from another. The two stared at each other, both with thoughts racing through quick-witted heads. Mehrang felt rather surprised that he was not looking at an elf. Surely this man, dressed entirely in black, with some dark paste on his hands and face, was here to rescue the prisoner. Eyes that glimmered like crystal met with eyes that were the near-black of those who lived in the far south. A knife was held securely between the teeth of the interloper and his gaze was fierce and determined. The blade flashed again as he snatched it and prepared to fight. Mehrang had his own curved knife in his hand but neither moved for long, long moments. A series of pictures flashed through Mehrang's mind: that small smirk on the seaman's lips, the one that promised no good for the prisoner; the sound of boots thudding into something soft; a small smile and a wish that Mehrang's life could be better; and most of all, the expression of calm courage as a head lifted to face whatever new torments a cruel fate had sent. Mehrang next imagined two possible scenarios. In one, he raised his voice and shouts burst forth over the ship and soon there was another circle gathered around a prisoner. This time the sailors were given free rein, for the new stranger was no elf to be coddled while officers decided his fate. A rope swung heavily from a yardarm and a keening wail pierced the air as one was forced to live and to watch, while the other died. In the other, Mehrang said nothing, and the man before him slipped silently below. A few short minutes later, he helped the elf over the side and both disappeared forever. The northerner saw, incredibly, indecision in the sailor's eyes. He concentrated every whit of his compelling personality as he whispered intensely, "I mean you and yours no harm. Let me take my friend and go." As in a dream, Mehrang heard himself whisper in return, "He is your friend? The elf? Tell me his name, if you are friends." "Legolas. You have met him? Then you know there is no evil in him, nor anything like it. Let me take him; you will never see us again and we will tell no one we have seen your ship. You may sail safely for home. Let me take him , or I will take your life." "There will be thirty on top of you before my body hits the deck." "That will hardly matter to a dead man." Mehrang leaned upon his hands, his mind in utter turmoil. To betray his shipmates to save one elf! One of those who were enemies to his people. And yet…did he want the blood of these two upon him—for he had no doubts that once the man was captured and threatened, the elf would fight until he was subdued by death. They were not at war with the north; at least, not at this time. Did it matter so much if one pathetic prisoner escaped? Once again Mehrang felt long, cool fingers about his wrist. He saw concern—concern!—for an enemy in the eyes that met his so unflinchingly. Would he have tried to help anyone who had used him so brutally? Or did Legolas see something in Mehrang that caused him to take the risk to speak so openly? A risk that Mehrang had repaid with more pain. Mehrang made his choice. He glanced at the hatch in front of the cabin door and the man nodded gratefully. Mehrang turned and scuttled back to the mast. He folded his arms and feigned sleep. As a gentle snore wafted back to the dripping man, he moved cautiously toward the hatch. Without a sound he slid over the side and disappeared. In accordance with Mehrang's imagination, the Corsair soon saw a light-colored head appear furtively above the hatch, and then two shapes ran for the ship's side. One huddled over the other protectingly, an arm around the slender waist. Short gasps of pain escaped from the slighter figure, but they were not loud enough to gain the attention of the watch. The two slipped over the ship's side, but just before Legolas' head disappeared he locked eyes with the sailor who sat against the mast. Legolas' lips shaped, "Thank you." Then the elf released his grip and was gone. Mehrang watched for several moments before he decided that it would be best if it appeared he had spent the entire night in his hammock. He crept aft and went to the hatchway that led to the crew's quarters, and tried to be as silent as the foolhardy man who was friend to an elf. He did not quite attain that ideal, but he was quiet enough that his shipmates did not know he had ever left his bed. At dawn he vigorously joined the hue and cry that resulted when the escape was discovered. He commiserated with the guard for his sore head. He decried the loss of so valuable a prisoner and agreed that only sorcery could have snatched the elf from such a secure prison. He was, to all appearances, a young sailor properly outraged at an enemy's daring triumph. But within, something exulted. Something starved and suppressed, caged with clipped wings, began to beat against the bars imposed upon his soul. Perhaps there was no escape for him, and the elf was more cruel than the bosun could ever be. Or just perhaps, a key had been gifted that at some future time would unlock another prison. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Fin A/N Head wind: A wind blowing opposite to the ship's course Taken aback: The sails thrown back suddenly by an abrupt change of wind direction.