dog had been silence. Was she dead? Silence filled the house, broken only by the occasion creak of the old wood floors under someone's weight as they crept around. Minutes passed and the suspense became unbearable. Finally, just when Emily was beginning to think maybe she was mistaken and that there were no intruders, three strange looking people entered the room noiselessly, making her heart stop. They carried long bows, swords, and wore impressively intricate armour. Two of them looked identical, with stern faces and long raven brown hair held back with delicate braids that came neatly around pointed ears. The other was golden blonde, with equally long hair, pointed ears and piercing blue eyes. The moment they entered the room, they froze and listened. Now, Emily was certain she was being extremely quiet and she couldn't hear a sound coming from Estel, so when all three heads snapped towards the closet in unison, you could appreciate that she jumped out of her skin. One of the dark hair ones bent his bow towards the door while the other moved quickly to one side of the door. The golden hair one stared at the door with his sword held ready, face set with grim determination. Emily held her breath, debating several things at once in her head with lighting speed. One: Who were these people? Two: Did they mean to kill her and Estel? Three: Was it better to at least try and go down fighting with a frying pan or beg for mercy? I mean, hey, it worked in Tangled right?... she thought weakly. Then again, I don't the first thing about fighting, and they look terrifying...but if they are going to kill you anyway, you may as well make it hard for them right?...how comforting...on second thought, I might be more of a beggar... After a brief moment, the golden warrior spoke authoritatively in the same strange language that Estel had be speaking in. Emily had no idea what he said, but Estel gasped slightly, peeking round her too see through the creak and then launched himself past her out of the closet with an enthusiastic cry. "No, Estel, wait!" Emily called anxiously as she moved to follow, trying jump forwards to stop him only to find an icy blade centimetres from her throat. "I would not move if I were you, girl." said her attacker in a deep and dangerous, yet beautiful sounding voice. It was the other dark haired one and she stupidly disregarded his warning not to move when she turned her head slowly, eyes travelling up the blade past his arm to his face. His hard grey eyes cut through her so sharply that Emily's eyes filled suddenly with unshed tears of fright at what she saw there. This being was old, though his face was ageless to her eyes. Where it not for the long years evident in the grey orbs, Emily won't have realized how old he must be. The creature's eyes widened slightly at her fearful gaze, then his own cold steep gaze softened with at flash of compassion and settled to merely a stern look that still greatly intimidated her. Emily's frying pan slipped from her limp hands and clattered to the ground with a ringing clang, which drew the attention of Estel. He had been enthusiastically embracing the other two male creatures (who seemed just as relieved and ecstatic to see him), babbling excitedly in his strange tongue before he glanced back at her when the frying pan fell and saw the sword at her throat. Exclaiming something loudly to the one holding the sword to Emily's throat, Estel ran forwards, took her hand and put himself between her and the strange warrior. As the three creatures lowered their weapons with curious expressions, Estel appeared to be explaining who Emily was and what had happened. When he finally stopped speaking, the golden haired one addressed her with great gentility and kindness. "It appears we owe you a debt of gratitude, my lady." He said, his gentle voice coming to her like a soothing balm over her fear of them. "We thank you from the depths of our being for protecting Estel and ensuring his well being. We deeply regret frightening you. Please accept our most sincere apologizes for our harsh treatment of you!" And with those words, all four males, including Estel, bowed to her deeply with their right hands over their hearts. Bewildered, Emily just stumbled back from the one closest to her, heart pounding loudly in her ears and stammered, "S-sure." They inclined their heads in acknowledgement gracefully, and the twins(or that is what Emily assumed they were) each offered her a small, pained smile of regret that was most apologetic. It wasn't until thinking about it later that Emily realized how badly they had felt for scaring her so much, and it wasn't until they had left that she notice her entire body had been shaking. "We shall take our brother and go now." Announced the twin who had threatened her, making her flinch violently when he began to move forwards to the others. "There is very little time in which to return to our own world." Blinking, Emily was still trying to process what was going on. Her poor brain wasn't sure how much more of this weirdness it could take! Everything was happening so darn fast! They spoke rapidly with Estel, who looked both relieved and then downcast. The boy looked at Emily and then rushed to her, nearly knocking her over with a big hug. He smiled sadly up at her and then departed with the others leaving Emily in stunned silence, for she didn't dare follow at that moment. By the time she shook off the feeling and run out the door to see where they went, they had gone without a trace, leaving Emily to wonder if she might have hallucinated the whole thing and with a bunch of unanswered questions.