replied, "Very well indeed, my lord." Thranduil joined them, torn between wanting to know what had happened to his son, and the fear that if he did know, he might have to do something about it. Galadriel took pity on the king and patted his arm. "I cannot tell you where to find your son, but wherever he is, he is no longer in love with me." Thranduil sighed with relief, but could not stop himself from asking, "What did you do?" "It is perhaps best if I do not say. However, I think you will find that he will now think more of weapons than wooing. With luck, he has now successfully traversed the amatory stage and will trouble you no more with his heartburnings, at least until he brings home his bride." Thranduil looked up toward the heavens. "Pray the Valar that day is far from me! I have had enough of 'Legolas in Love' to last me for Ages." Laughing, the duo from Lorien bid the king a fair reverie, and retired to their own chambers. ooo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0ooo The next morning, Thranduil sat in his audience chamber for a few hours as was his custom. He believed that a king should be accessible to his subjects, something his father had most vehemently not believed. Thranduil was beginning to come around to his father's way of thinking, as the elf standing before him took what seemed like yen to come to the point of his complaints. Just as Thranduil was imagining his fingers curling around the elf's throat and cutting off the nasal whine, a young warrior pushed through the crowd at the door and marched to the throne. Standing rigidly at attention, his face set in grimly determined lines, the elf was dressed in battle gear and carried both knives and bow. Thranduil waved aside the loquacious petitioner and motioned the warrior forward. The young elf bowed deeply, then spoke in the clipped tones of one who has other places to be and important things to do. "Father, I come to bid you farewell. I am leaving with the elfling patrol and will be gone for seven months." Thranduil smothered a smile as he gazed upon the stern visage of his son. "Legolas, I had no idea you were planning on leaving the palace! You told me you had no intention of joining the patrol this year." "I have reconsidered my priorities, father. Mirkwood's enemies thrive and threaten us as never before. It is my duty to learn to protect my home." "But the threat is no greater today than it was last week, dear son whom I will miss unbearably." "Any threat is one too many! I go to learn what I must to be a warrior who can defend our kingdom, this Mirkwood, once Greenwood the Great, the land that we love and would die to protect –" Thranduil could swear he heard the Mirkwood national anthem swelling in the background. Biting the inside of his cheek to help control his mirth, he placed a firm hand on the still rather slight shoulder before him. "Then go, warrior-to-be, and know that I have full confidence that you will do your best and make your people proud of you." As the prince turned to leave the throne room, his father could not resist one last remark. "Will you not tarry to say farewell to our guests? I will order the patrol to wait until you have paid your respects." Legolas lost a little of his warrior's demeanor as he turned back to face his father again. "You will make my excuses, will you not? We want to make our first camp at the Narrows, so we should leave at once." Thranduil appeared completely perplexed. "But my son – surely you want to speak with Galadriel! After all, your feelings for her –" Legolas made a sound suspiciously resembling a yelp. "NO! I mean, one who bears her own great responsibilities will understand why I must go. Farewell, father!" And with that the Prince of Mirkwood, looking every inch the young warrior, marched from the audience chamber – at triple quick-time. ooo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0ooo Aragorn was collapsed over the table, propping his forehead in his hands as his entire body shook with laughter. "Galadriel! I cannot believe it! You certainly were a high flyer, my amorous friend!" Thranduil nodded with pride. "Considering how stub – er – determined he was, even at that age, 'tis a wonder he did not win her!" Legolas was frozen with mortification. Both cheekbones blazed with color, and his lips were set in so tight a clench that they had practically disappeared. After at least an eternity of torment, the fiends formally known as friend and father finally quieted to chuckles and mere smiles. Seeing that Legolas was truly smarting from the jests and jibes, they apologized very prettily—well, Aragorn did. Thranduil simply gave his son a buffet on the back that nearly floored him, while saying as annoyingly as only a relative can, "Ah, what a handful you were—and still are!" as they prepared to go to their bedchambers. The next day, Aragorn decided to show that he was quite prepared to forget the peccadilloes of his friend's childhood, and did not mention them again. However, he was a farseeing man, and as he prepared for the journey home, he carefully stowed away an item he had asked one of the servants to bring to him. He and Legolas would be weeks on the road to Imladris, and although he doubted the elf would dare to mention Arwen the entire trip, he wanted to be prepared. If necessary, he would pull out the bit of flora he had just pressed tightly in a book he was taking home for Erestor. A beautiful Mirkwood…lily. ooo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0ooo The End A/N 4: Some of you may be wondering why Celeborn and Galadriel went to Mirkwood. I have no idea. Deus ex machina. Title courtesy of "Savage Garden" duo