his nose in distaste. "Nay, thank you." "Turtles, then." Aragorn leaned forward in earnest. "It's the shells that are important, you see? They take their homes with them." "People can't live in shells, Estel." "No," the man agreed readily. "But who ever said that home is where one lives?" Legolas cocked an eyebrow, thought better of it, and raised them both. "I'm fairly sure it's in the definition somewhere." Aragorn shook his head. "But then it can change at any time, and home is supposed to be constant, see?" While the elf was mulling this over, he echoed his words from Ithilien. "There is no such thing as home. Only family." Legolas met his eyes, frowning slightly; the man smiled and finished: "And that we take with us everywhere." After a moment of consideration, Legolas sighed, exasperated. "The last part made sense, anyway." "It all makes sense," the king insisted. The elf smirked. "Whatever you say, mellon-nin." "Hush," Aragorn grumbled. "You'll see." 120 F.A. The first time I rode out with the border patrol, I got homesick. Naturally I let no-one know. But when the palace gate came back into view – after a patrol that had surely taken several lifetimes – I could have kissed it. I thought of that after our bizarre discussion, thought of Lasgalen now – empty – and firmly pushed almost all of it out of mind. Around that time his elder daughter brought home a tiny turtle she had found in the woods and determined to mother. The poor girl never understood why her father and uncle laughed quite so hard at her. 120 F.A. Mounted outside the city, his few guards anxious to leave, Legolas contemplated Minas Tirith as one might an ugly artwork: trying to pinpoint what is wrong with it. For over a century he had thought of the City as a second home, had expected somehow to feel something on leaving it behind for the last time. Instead, only a week after the death of King Elessar, the gleaming white towers held nothing for the elf. Dispassionately he cataloged the windows and turrets, stored an image away on the off chance that he would ever care to remember. "My lord," murmured the elven guard beside him. Legolas turned his head, eyed him remotely. "Where do we go now?" Home, Legolas thought; but something broke inside him and he felt himself sag atop his horse. Where was home, anymore? Ithilien first, to set things in order, and then the Havens. He knew exactly where he would go, but he couldn't find the words to say it. Home – Ithilien. Home – Valinor. Home – no such thing. Only family. "Wherever the damned turtles go," he muttered aloud. "My lord?" "Ithilien," Legolas amended. "And the Havens." He glanced at the City one last time, half-hoping the sight would strike a chord – but for naught. Then he turned his gaze upon the road to Ithilien, a path that no longer welcomed him; and he rode forward anyway, leaving the confused guard to follow, because finally he understood. 120 F.A. Aragorn – Today I met an old fisherman whose hobby, he tells me, is studying the migration of sea creatures. He spent at least fifteen minutes describing how the sea turtles' nesting season is over, how now they are returning to the sea. The moment the word "turtle" passed his lips, I looked around to catch your eye. But you weren't there. Luckily the old man was oblivious to my inattention. You would like him. I excused myself as soon as I could do so politely and found a secluded spot in the forest. I laughed so hard, Estel. For your eyes only: I laughed until I cried, and then I wept for a long time. You were right all along, mellon-nin , about turtles. I'm sorry I did not realize it when first you tried to tell me. I overreacted. Forgive me. I was taught that Valinor is the natural home of all Eldar. Not home, I see now, but merely a place to stay. Yet I am going home, Estel, for my surviving family lives across the sea. For all these years I carried them with me. Now I carry you. Always. Until we meet again – Legolas 120 F.A. He reads the letter over once, then wads it up into a ball of parchment that pains his hand when he closes his fist, and decides to stay the night out here. His companion is used to his wandering off and will only grumble something about "flighty elves." Here he can have solitude. Thinking to start a fire, he gets as far as the first log before rocking back on his heels, trying to remember why he is doing this. After a moment of consideration he shrugs and continues on, building up the kindling and tinder just as he has done so many times, the ghost of a man by his side. His hands tremble as he sets the wood alight, but he keeps at it, stokes up a blaze hot enough to warm the coldest soul. Conscious of the letter abandoned behind him, he picks it up without looking back and smoothes it out to glance over one final time. The ink is smudged now, the parchment wrinkled, but no matter. He folds it neatly into thirds, then thirds again, holds it flat between his palms, and tosses it into the heart of the fire. The edges go first, consumed by blue flame; and the fire eats at the rest almost leisurely, layer by layer, briefly illuminating fragments of words in careful script. One corner seems to want to stay, but he watches, unblinking, until it is all gone. All gone, he thinks – except that there is something left. Eyes bright, Legolas tips his head to the sun and watches smoke curl into the sky. -finis- Reviews make writers happy. Happy writers write more . . . (hint, hint).