my silver embroidery. He had a touch that felt as though his fingers tips could feel the fine metal of the threads despite the thick gauntlets covering them. Yet the bigger wonder was that he was speaking to me, as though he somehow knew there is sometimes more to things than meets the eye. "I reckon you were once on a Guardsman, and they have cut you up and re-stitched you to my size." He drew in another deep, deep breath, held it a moment then let it out with a sigh. "What were you thinking, Peregrin Took?" he said to himself. "What service can a hobbit offer a great lord of men?" "It was well done." As if in answer to his query, a voice came from the far end of the hallway, making Peregrin jump with surprise. He got down from the bench as a tall man approached him "Generous deed should not be checked with cold counsel." There was something familiar about the man. His eyes looked kindly upon Peregrin. It was clear the two had met before. "You are to join the Tower Guard?" "I didn't think they would find any livery that would fit me." There was something about the man's eyes . . . "It once belong to a young boy in the city." Every thread in me tingled and if a voice had been mine to have I would have shouted so that the echos would dance in the vaulted ceiling and be heard in the whole of the Citadel. "FARAMIR!" He was still speaking. "A very foolish one, who wasted many hours slaying dragons instead of attending to his studies." Yes! Oh yes! All the many times we strode along the battlements, wooden sword in your hand, my boy, as my White Tree and Stars gleamed upon your chest. Those were never wasted hours, my dear, dear Faramir. "This was yours?" Peregrin excitedly asked as I could feel a new pride growing in his heart. "Yes, it was mine," my Faramir replied, his fondness for me, his pleasure at seeing me again softening his voice. "My father had it made for me," he added as he reached to give an affectionate tug to one of my shoulder caps. They talked easily. It hurt a bit when my boy . . . well, no longer my boy as it was a man full grown who stood before me, it hurt when he said I had never fit him either. Yet, as he spoke of his brother, Boromir, I realized it wasn't the fit of my cloth he spoke of. He was right, although we had shared many a gallant time, I always knew he had not a soldier's mind nor a soldier's heart. That he could be a soldier, and a good one at that, I had no doubt, but it would never be what he loved. My Faramir began to speak of his brother and his father and his voice tightened with pain. I knew then what I had feared when Peregrin had spoken of Boromir in the past tense was indeed the truth. I would not see Boromir again. "They were so alike, he and my father," my boy's sad voice continued. "Proud; stubborn even, but strong." There was self doubt in Faramir's tone and it hurt my fibers to hear it. He was all that and more. How I wished I could speak! "I think you have strength . . ." the hobbit spoke, confidence strengthening his voice. ". . . of a different kind, and one day, your father will see it." He spoke the words I wanted to speak and suddenly I could tell, he had given his loyalty and his heart to my Faramir. Though he was soon to swear his oath to the Lord Denethor, and I'm sure would serve him faithfully, his love had been given to my Faramir. I could tell how deeply the hobbit's confident words touched Faramir's heart. I could also see the doubt of their truth in his eyes. The touch of distance I had sensed between father and son after Finduilas'death must have increased between my boy and his father after he had out grown me and I was placed in the cedar lined drawer. For several moments they looked into each other's eyes, then a soft "ahem" broke the spell. "The Lord Steward sends for the hobbit, Peregrin son of Paladin," the page said before bowing slightly then returning to the Throne Room. My Faramir smiled. "You will do well, Pippin." He tugged affectionately at my other sleeve cap then patted the hobbit's shoulder. "Do not fear too greatly the oath you are about to swear." I could feel the fear returning to Peregrin's heart as it beat more quickly in his chest. Yet somehow I knew he would not let his fear hold him back from whatever he was called upon to do. "My people have few oaths or vows that we take, and none like this one. I do this for your brother who was my friend and cared for me and my kinsmen. For Boromir, and if I may be so bold, for you as well Faramir, who showed kindness to my cousin, Frodo, and Sam . . . and to me. I will do my best to make you both proud of me." "I . . . we, are proud of you already," Faramir said as a smile grew upon his face. "Come, it is about time my old livery was officially sworn into service." As we entered the Throne Room and strode toward the Lord Steward sitting on his chair of office, I no longer felt awkward being worn by a hobbit. Truly, there was nowhere else I would rather be. A/N "Seven stars and seven stones and one white tree." is quoted from the book "The Two Towers" There are numerous quotes here all taken from the movie "The Return of the King"