them; he knew she could not answer him. Knowing that they were growing worse was terrible enough in his heart. "It will be all right." "Legolas," she whispered, her voice full of despair, "how I wish I had your hope. Yet…all I see is darkness ." He laid his head on hers, grieved at her words. How could he help her fight an enemy that he could not see, that he knew nothing about? He knew that whatever her dreams were, there were at least two. One, he assumed was of the man who had taken her only a few months ago, she would run to him; the other…she would run only to Arwen and Aragorn, her terror and anguish so great that she could not bear to see him. He would find her there in the morning though, drinking tea with Arwen at the table, her throat so sore that he knew she had been screaming in the night. No…she would not come to him after that nightmare. He wished she would. "There is so much light in this room, Guin…light that no shadow can ever touch," he told her gently. "Trust in Ilúvatar; He will make the morning ever more glorious when these dreams are done." "Will they ever be done?" she asked him, raising her head to look into his eyes, hers wet. "Will the dreams ever stop? They are getting worse , Legolas… worse… and more frequent; always further and darker and…" "Can I…may I pray for you?" he asked gently, and tears slipped from her eyes. "I have…I have cried out so many nights; I have prayed that He might relieve my suffering. Yet…it remains," she forced out. "I need Him so desperately, but some nights He is so far from me. You have a hope that I cannot have, nor comprehend." He stroked her face, gently wiped her tears away as her eyes closed. He rested his forehead on hers. "Holy One, Lord of All…I come before you tonight to ask for healing." He heard her choke on a sob as she began to cry in earnest again. " Healing …Guin, my dearest Guin is in pain," he continued softly. "She needs your strength; she needs your compassion; she needs your great presence to comfort her. You are the great Healer; I have seen your mighty hand and outstretched arm before in so many places, so many hearts. Be here…be here with us. "Help me, Ilúvatar, to be your light into her darkness. Help me to comfort her, strengthen her; guide me to give her your peace. Be near." He kissed her forehead and then whispered to her, "I have the strength to give you. Take my peace, Guin…take my love and accept it. Take my hope and feel it in your heart…even through the pain. Oh, my dearest, trust in me…trust in Ilúvatar and His grace." He held her, and he sang softly to her: Take my hand and walk with me a while For it seems your smile has left you And do not give in, when you fall apart When your broken heart has failed you I set a light up on a hilltop and show you my love for this world to see Take my love when all that you can see Is the raging sea all around us And do not give up for I am not letting go And the One we know will not fail us We will lay it all down, as we call out Sweet Savior, help our unbelief! You can borrow mine when your hope is gone Borrow mine when you cannot go on For the world will not defeat you when we are side by side When your faith is hard to find, you can borrow mine "You will always have me…" he whispered and he kissed the top of her head gently. "Trust Ilúvatar through me…" He could feel her body shaking with her tears and he simply held her. It seemed forever, but it was still dark when she finally lifted her head, raising a hand to wipe her tears away just as he did it with his own. "Ilúvatar gave me you to trust," she said softly. "I know you trust Him, Legolas…for everything…but sometimes I cannot help but feel that He is not listening. I know this is my trial, but I do not know how much more of it I can bear." "I will always be here to help strengthen you," he said, taking her face in his hands. "I will always be here to give you my peace. I love you, Guin," he whispered and he saw her eyes tear again. "Hannon le," she whispered back to him, and he gave her a gentle smile. "I speak nothing but the truth. My heart, my everything, is yours. When we are wed, you shall know me by heart and by soul." She rested her hand against his chest. "That is how I want to know you," she said quietly. "I have to…I do not think I would still be here, that I would have made it through these last months without you." She actually smiled then, and it reached her eyes. "You have such peace that surrounds me, Legolas…you and Arwen and Aragorn. Your love has taught me so much…I only wish…" she hesitated, and he rested his forehead against hers and waited for her to continue if she could. "I only wish that I could overcome the depth of this pain within me." "Together…we will," he whispered and he kissed her forehead. "I pray with all my heart that you are right…and I thank Ilúvatar for you." She rested against his chest again and they sat together in front of the fire; she took in his peaceful presence and they simply sat…there was no need for words. She was strengthened by the light that shone through him; the peace of the One calmed her for the night.