patrol and must wish to cleanse yourself of the dust of the road and get something to eat. I will still be here whenever it is convenient to tend to me." Aragorn hesitated but thought that perhaps a little quiet and rest would be beneficial for the elf, especially since he was still unaware of the nature of the injury or illness, and did not yet know how taxing any treatment might be. He bid both elves a temporary farewell and stepped out into the leaf-patterned sunshine to speak with Kenuric. They moved a little away from the healers' cabin and with a raised eyebrow Aragorn indicated that the other man should begin. Kenuric did not spare the bitter truth. "He is dying and no mistake. He took a horrendous wound perhaps a decade ago and has been slowly wending his way to the Halls ever since. It was a scimitar of the Haradrim that cut him stem to stern—I saw that type of wound often when I traveled in the south. If he had not had the finest care at the time he was injured, he would have died within a day or two at most. You will be able to strengthen him for his journey but little more, so put out of your mind any great healing feats. Even Lord Elrond could not save him. The wound becomes green again from time to time and that is what has happened now. I have sent Legolas to fetch athelas and blue flag, so that they will have been freshly plucked today. Now go and do as he suggests: clean yourself and get some food. It will take me nearly an hour to prepare enough bandages and solutions, so take some time and get a little rest. He will drain you, Aragorn, so best be prepared." "That is a great sadness, but I trust your judgment. I will do as you bid me, if only to save myself the rough side of your tongue! One more thing, though. The younger one, Nienor, have you examined him as well? It is unusual to see one who is mute but not deaf. May we not do more for him than for his companion?" "I had the same thought, but I have left him to you. He is very skittish and more than a little suspicious of our intentions toward Lenwë. Let him see you with his friend first, and then I think he will gentle to your hand. You are, after all, known for your winning ways!" Aragorn rolled his eyes and turned away, smiling. The healer's words always had a little bite to them, but times had changed for the better between the two men. Once Kenuric's words might have been similar, but the tone would have been sharp and bitter as a dagger's point. These days, Aragorn often disgraced himself snorting back an inappropriate snicker when the healer let his sarcasm loose in council meetings. The irascible old badger was entertaining, Aragorn had to give him that. Though it was always more amusing when the tongue he wielded like a weapon was turned on someone else! Before he headed for the hut that held the bread ovens, and the heavenly luxury of a hip bath out behind it in the trees, he went in search of Legolas. He was fortunate to find him quickly and filled him in on what he had learned of their visitors. Legolas, nearly blending into the wall of the hut behind him in his usual Mirkwood livery, creased his brow in thought as he sorted carefully through the green, leafy stems he had collected. "I have not heard of any elves wandering about on their own for many years, but in these times it is easy enough to be parted from your kin by violence or other mischance. The name Lenwë is familiar to me, but surely this cannot be that Lenwë. They are not Noldor, you say?" "The elder has the look of it, but I believe he is of a kindred that diverged and took a different life-path." Legolas' brows arched high in disbelief but the man nodded, "I think he is of the original Nandor. My father spoke of them occasionally, saying there are a few still to be found, passing like shadows over the earth. Nienor, now, is another story. Are there any Silvan that have hair the color of buckeyes?" Legolas shook his head in wonderment. "Well, it is not important now, I suppose. I would like you to be present while I examine them; it may put them more at ease, especially the younger of the two. It may be that I will have to bring pain to Lenwë, and if Nienor must be restrained, I would rather it be done by another elf. And Legolas…" Aragorn's eyes met his friend's with sadness. "Nienor is mute—he cannot speak. Will you do what you can to help him understand he is among friends?" Legolas looked a little puzzled. "Of course, Aragorn. I will aid you and these elves in any way I can; surely you know you have no need to ask." Aragorn gave his friend a wry smile. "I do know that. These two have unsettled me, though it is hard to imagine anyone less a danger to us, or what we do here. Pay me no mind; my foolishness will soon pass." Legolas clapped him lightly on the shoulder. "No doubt this particular foolishness will pass, but I have great faith that you will find another!" --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- END Chapter 1 A/N The Nandor thing will be explained after Ch. 2. Nienor is a female name but he is not a girl in disguise, or anything like that. He is just what he appears to be. I don't usually use 'real' elf names, but there is a reason why I did so this time. Pen golwen - wise one Mae govannen. Heniach nin? -Well met. Do you understand me?