the gap between himself and Strider. Now that the distance was to his advantage, as he was wielding the shorter blade, the elf changed his tactic, moving in for the attack and forcing Strider to pull up his defenses. The ringing of steel against steel echoed around the small kitchen as their blades clashed against each other. It was a rather even match – the hobbits thought – until the elf did something none of them expected. Taking advantage of his surrounds, the elf dodged another blow from Aragorn, then leapt up onto the counter. Using the counter as a leverage, he did a smooth backflip and landed gently behind Aragorn. The elf wrapped his left hand around Aragorn's chest so that he could not escape, and with his right hand, he pressed the blade to the man's throat. As the hobbits gasped in fear, the elf smiled, whispering into Aragorn's ear, "Nosy human." "That wasn't fair." "It was." "You didn't –" "You lose." The elf, who was gleefully teasing his victory over the human, did not notice that the hobbits were looking afraid, and that they saw the need to do something to save Strider from this disgraceful thief. The apple that Sam had been clutching throughout the fight, now found itself soaring through the air, sailing on the course to the golden head of the elf. And as hobbits, they were quite a formidable opponent when you least expect it. The apple found its mark. So to the dismay of Aragorn and the elf, who realized the red fruit projectile just a moment too late, heard a dull thud as it hit the elf's back squarely between his shoulder blades. Of course, an apple being an apple, could not do much harm other than at most leaving a bruise in a couple of hours. Even so, it did give Aragorn the opportunity to turn the tables. Having been distracted, the elf had loosened his grip on his knives, wondering for a moment what had hit him. He certainly was expecting the hobbits to take it in their stride to start attack the 'enemy'. In that moment of surprise, he'd unwittingly given Aragorn an opening. It all happened in a blink of an eye. The man twisted violently in his slackened grip, swiftly bringing his sword up, knocked the elf's wrist with the flat of his sword – not hard enough to cause any serious injury, but enough to jolt the knife out of his grip – sending the knife skittering to the kitchen floor. And then, faster than what the hobbits could think possible, Strider hooked the hilt of his sword onto the elf's second knife and twisted, forcing the elf to release his other weapon which fell to the floor just like the first. Then, with a grin that lit up his entire face, Strider laughed. "I win." "That wasn't fair!" "It was!" "You cheated." "You lose." The elf glowered at Strider, who smirked even further. And to the astonishment of the four watching hobbits, Aragorn sheathed his sword, and picked up the twin blades which had fallen to the floor. He handed them back to the elf who accepted them, but not before giving another glare at the man. Strider's smile did not falter as he patted the elf fondly on the shoulder, "I am delighted to see you here, Legolas." The elf – Legolas as Strider had called him – dropped his frown and returned a smile. "Ai, Estel. It is good to see you too," said Legolas. Suddenly remembering that the hobbits were still staring in utter bafflement at what had happened, Aragorn turned to them. "I have yet to introduce to you my dearest friend," he gestured at the elf beside him, "This is Legolas Thranduilion of the Woodland Realm." Legolas had given a small frown at Aragorn's use of his father's name, but the hobbits were still processing the information for them to take notice. The two friends then turned and walked towards the door. Meanwhile, the hobbits seemed to have got out of their reverie. It was Pippin who spoke first. "Well, that was strange," he declared. "I agree with you, Pip. That was strange indeed, though I hope we will get to know Legolas better during our stay in Rivendell," said Merry. Little do they know, that in the very near future, they would have days, weeks – months even – to get to know the elf. In one of the many balconies in the Last Homely House, the man and elf were happily enjoying each other's company. The man had his back to the railing, leaning backwards with arms behind propping himself up. The elf, however, gazed outwards into the peaceful, midnight sky; The silver light of the stars casting an etherical glow upon his face. Aragorn tilted his head to look at the elf, "why did you not tell me that you arrived two days ago?" Legolas turned his head away from the stars to look at his friend. "It was not I. It was your Ada , he kept me busy by telling me to eat and rest due to my long journey here," then with a twinkle of his eyes, Legolas added, "and I do believe Lord Elrond intended to have some fun." Aragorn stared back, "fun? Ada does not think of fun the same way we do." The elf laughed, "oh Estel! I think you might find he does… secretly perhaps." The mere thought of the Lord of Rivendell scheming such 'childish' things – as he liked to say – was just too much for the two friends to imagine, and they burst out in peals of laughter. The End!' Sindarin Translations Ada - Father Mae govannen - Well met A/N: If you like this type of lighthearted LOTR oneshots, do check out a couple more that I had written previously! Don't forget to leave a little review, and thank you all in advance :)