you tell me?" "I heard a voice; he said he was Ecthelion. He spoke in a strange way." "So did we all in those days. What next?" "He said he had been given a special boon that he had asked for long and long. He said I must hide for awhile so that he might share my body and speak with you. I was afraid, but you were so sad…..He would not force me; he said I must yield freely. I agreed to try. I went….somewhere…then I woke in your hold. Did you truly see him? Speak with him?" "Aye, in truth I did. Ah, Estel, thank you! A thousand times thank you!" With a knowing smile the boy asked, "And did he say that he blamed you, hated you, for his death?" The elf looked at Estel with wonder. "Nay, he did not, wise one." Estel asked no more. What had passed between the two friends would remain solely with them. The two sat in reverent silence for a long while and then Estel asked with his best wheedling voice, "Since Ecthelion is not here to shine you down, will you sing one of his songs for me?" Glorfindel turned his head slowly to look at Estel. He had been so lost in awe and joy that the boy's words had barely penetrated. He had seen his friend and been called valorous and heart's brother! The elf felt the suffocating weight of guilt and pain lifting from him. He found that his tight throat had loosened and his heartache had gentled from searing anguish to tempered sorrow. He smoothed a hand down Estel's hair and said, "It has been long since I have been able to sing of him, but I think now I can." He began and his voice was strong and steady. Grief and pain are all I know. My heart is sore, my tears aflow. We lost him in the fountain's foam; No word we know of him, a'home. A proud and gallant chevalier, A high born scion of gentle mien, A fiery blade engaged to lead, He'd break the bravest in the field. The eldar's voice failed him at last. Estel thought awhile and then raised his voice as he finished the song with a verse of his own, one that turned sorrow to pride and hope. We will sing his praise as sweet harps play, And proudly toast his noble fame With spirit and with mind aflame, 'Til in Aman we will meet again. Glorfindel looked at Estel in amazement. "I did not know you were a poet!" Estel murmured bashfully, "I am not, not really. I never show anyone my poems for fear they will laugh." "I am not laughing, Estel. That was beautiful. I will always sing it that way forever more." Estel sighed happily. "I am glad you liked it. But why do you not tell everyone of Ecthelion, and make this a feast day? Ada would decree it, I know he would." "Some things are best kept for those who truly understand them. As I believe you do, youngling." Estel thought of special times with Legolas, some painful, that he did not want to share with others. He did understand. Estel spoke wistfully, "I wish I could have met Ecthelion. I heard his voice but could not see him. Thank you for telling me of his deeds in Gondolin. Your friend was as brave as ever I have heard tell of, and now I will remember him always. I will remember the Lord of the Fountain and how he saved the world—my world—when he embraced the fires of Morgoth for love of his city and his friend. I, too, will reserve this day for his memory. May I join you next year?" "You have more than earned the right. I will welcome you." "Do Elladan and Elrohir know? About you and Ecthelion?" "Perhaps they once knew his deeds. They do not know he is gwador to me." Estel leaned again against Glorfindel and tucked his arm in the larger one of the warrior. "Good! I like knowing things they do not." He yawned and Glorfindel regretfully sat up straight. "Time for you to go home. Are you warm enough to give back my shirt?" Estel nodded. "You are sure? Then let us go." "You are coming, too? That is well! You need something to eat and a little rest, I think. Today has been hard on you." Glorfindel laughed. "You sound more like Elrond every day!" Then he sobered and took the boy's chin in hand. "Once we leave here, we will not speak of this before others." Estel nodded, in his eyes a solemn vow. The warrior continued, "I thank you, Estel. You have given me the most wondrous gift I have ever received or ever could receive. My heart is lighter than it has been in many a long, weary year. Thank you for not taking me at my word and leaving me alone with my grief today." Estel stretched and rose, tugging at Glorfindel to get him moving. With a flourish he pulled the jerkin around his shoulders like a cloak. "Think nothing of it. Or better, think nothing of it until I am in trouble for something—then remember it. And I think I will still call you 'the Balrog Slayer,' for after all, you did manage to kill one ." Laughing, he danced out of the Eldar's reach. Glorfindel growled and called him a limb of Sauron. Estel came close again and patted the arm next to him. "I love you, too," he whispered, and together they turned and started for the Last Homely House. End A/N Nirnaeth Arnoediad—Battle of Unnumbered Tears Gwador nin - "my brother" - by choice, not blood The song is a traditional Irish ballad, reinterpreted by the Chieftains. (The 3rd and 12th lines are mine, so don't blame them.) The title of the story is from: "The Bonny Earl of Murray"