always be hungry. I'll just be a fetchin' some victuals and be back. You Sirs and Mayor just get youselves all dressed up proper while I'm busy in the kitchen." Smirnin bowed again and hurried out of the room. "What did I miss?" Pippin asked as they were getting dressed. "I'm not sure I can explain it to you, Pip. But I think we're alright now. Just get dressed, but stay alert." Merry replied. The hobbits were dressed and seated together on one of the large skins when Smirnin returned. He carried a huge barrel in one arm, while balancing a huge tray of food on the other. Merry and Pippin jumped up to help Smirnin lower the tray to the floor. Smirnin nodded Pippin aside. "No, Sir Peregrin. I'll be servin' you, not havin' you waitin' on me. Mr. hobbity Mayor Samwise and Sir Meriadoc o' the horse country can help me just fine." Pippin sat down, feeling an odd mixture of self-satisfaction and awkwardness. He was enjoying feeling a bit above Merry especially, but, even with being The Took and Thain, he wasn't used to being treated quite this much like royalty. The meal was quickly laid out. The barrel, much to the hobbits' delight, contained Dwarvish Ale. Until the hobbits were beginning to feel full, there was little conversation apart from asking that items of food be passed. Smirnin seemed to understand that this was quite acceptable amongst hobbits and made no efforts at conversation until his guests did. "Wonderful," Merry sighed as he patted his very full stomach. "But, now, Smirnin, if you don't mind, we would like some questions answered." Their host looked bashfully at them. "Meanin' you be wantin' to know about me, if I'm understandin' you rightly." The three hobbits nodded. "Well, don't normally tell it but, well . . . does the King's Knight wish to hear it?" Pippin, his mouth currently full of particularly good custard tart, nodded his head vigorously. "Ages ago, longer than you hobbity folk have been around these parts, Dwarves came to the Blue Mountains, away over to the west o' here. Now the Elves, they were already there. Seems they have always been every where, but that is no-never-mind to this here tale. Well, how to say, this one Dwarf fella and this one beautiful Elf maiden . . . well . . . you see they took a likin' to each other, and . . . well . . . they . . . well . . . I'm their son." Smirnin looked at the three hobbits as though he expected them to be outraged. Merry, Pippin and Sam just looked at him calmly. They had seen and heard enough on the Quest that few things really surprised them. After a few moments, he continued. "Well, not much else to tell. I haven't died yet, so I figured out quite a bit ago that the Elf blood made me immortal like an Elf. My Father died. My Mother died a fair bit later, when I was all grown like and I was over my Father's passing. She held on for me, you see. Her kind, Elf kind, they can die, you know, from grievin'. When the King was here abouts, we did each other some good turns. So He gave me these hills to be my own. His city crumbled, but my hills and I are still here." Smirnin reached out his hand and gently brushed his finger tips across the embroidery on Pippin's tabard. "And I still honor the pledge I gave to always do right by Him and His." Pippin clasped Smirnin's hand to his chest. "And you have. We most certainly would have died if you had not brought us in. I might be the only one among us who is a Knight of Gondor, but all three of us are close friends of King Elessar and Queen Arwen." A look of wondrous joy came to Smirnin's face. "Arwen!? Arwen Undomiel!? This is nearly the best news I've ever had! Old Elrond's daughter married to my King." Suddenly his expression saddened. "Then she's made Luthien's choice." The hobbit's nodded. "Ah, well," Smirnin sighed. "That'll be hard on Old Elrond." A few moments of silence passed, then Sam spoke. "Would you maybe be wantin' to meet them?" "What?" Smirnin looked at Sam as though he wasn't quite sure if the hobbit was joking with him or was serious. "Meet them. King Elessar and Queen Arwen. We was all on our way there for a bit of a visit when that storm got in our way." "Yes!" put in Pippin. "That would be grand. Good thinking, Sam. Come along with us, Smirnin." "The King is rebuilding the city on Lake Evendim. That is where we were heading," added Merry. The hobbits were all nodding, broad smiles filling their faces. "Me? Me go and meet a new King and His fair Elf Queen?" More nods from the hobbits. "He is most gracious," said Pippin. "I'm sure he would love to meet an old ally." "He won't be thinkin' I'm a bit odd of a mix?" The three hobbits laughed. "No," said Merry. "Two of his best friends are nearly brothers to each other. Gimli, Son of Gloin of Durin's line, and Legolas Greenleaf, King Thranduil's son." Smirnin was speechless for a moment. "An Elf Prince and one of Durin's Folk like brothers? As great a wonder as my dear parents. Nothin' will ever surprise me again!" The plans were made and the packing done in the wink of an eye. The hobbits had slept for a whole day through and during that day, as is common in the spring of the year, the weather had warmed and the ice from the storm was gone. With no further troubles to slow them down the hobbits and Smirnin made a grand holiday of going to the King's new city and being with King Elessar and Queen Arwen.