you still?" The smile he now forced upon his face was clearly an attempt to reassure her. "Nay. I feel little discomfort but for a stiffness in my arm in the morning, and that too is diminishing by the day. Soon I will be back to my old self, you will see. You have a hard headed, stubborn mule for a brother, one who would never allow a mere wall of rock to claim him." She did not like to remain uninformed, particularly when the well-being of her loved ones was at stake. At yesterday's banquet, she had acquired from Glorfindel a part of the story of last month's fateful patrol, and a careful questioning of Elrohir earlier that morn had garnered more details. In the telling of this tale, one name was mentioned repeatedly: Estel, or Aragorn, as he had introduced himself to her last eve. "But there is more to your survival than your hard head, is there not? I have heard tell that the boy of the Dunedain, the one father named Estel and calls his son, had a part to play in it." A sudden thrill coursed through her as she spoke of the mortal youth. Why did he unsettle her so? She felt as though the answer to a complex riddle that had long eluded her was now temptingly close at hand, and yet, still just beyond her reach. Who was this Hope? No matter how dark the days grew, and dark indeed they had grown, their father continued always to hold to hope for the restoration of the kingship of Men through the unbroken line of his mortal brother. Elrond had not given this boy the name 'Estel' lightly, of that much she was certain. Elladan's voice pulled her from her thoughts. "In truth, I owe my life to him. He is gifted with the hands of a healer." "And the heart of a king?" Her voice quavered slightly as she spoke these words. Could he be the one for whom they had all waited so many generations of men? Again she had the sense that he withheld something from her, some significant piece of this puzzle, as he looked down and responded quietly: "Of that, only time will reveal. He is very young still, and I fear many years of trial await him." He kept his head bowed, his gaze fixed firmly on her hand in his own as he sat for long moments in silence. Then, he gave her hand a gentle squeeze, whether to comfort her or himself she did not know, before he spoke again: "No matter his fate, I foresee that the time of our father's dwelling in Middle-earth draws soon to an end." His next words were so soft that Arwen had to strain to hear him above the noisy babbling of the ever rushing water. "Tell me, have you thought much upon the choice which will soon be laid before us?" Though his voice was barely more than a whisper, his words screamed in her ears, and she felt for a moment as though her breath had been stolen from her. The choice of the children of the peredhel was not something they spoke of lightly, for the pain their father bore still from the sundering beyond the end of the world of brother from brother was bitter for them to see. And yet, as unexpected as this question was, to Arwen it felt somehow most timely, for portents of her doom had seemed to dwell in the very air and the earth and the water all around her since her arrival home last eve. She paused for a moment, taking in a deep breath to compose herself before responding: "Little have I considered our choice throughout the many years of my life, for my path has always appeared to stretch out clear and straight ahead. Now, I find that I have been reminded of the choice of the peredhil twice within as many days, and suddenly it feels as though the road before me turns and my way is obscured from view." "In that, you..." He paused mid sentence, his brow furrowing as he looked at her directly. "Twice? Who else has spoken to you of your choice?" "Not spoken of it as such, but when I first met him last eve, Estel called me Tinuviel, and said that I walk in the likeness of Luthien." His grasp on her hand tightened briefly and she could feel the sudden tremor that coursed through him. "Did he?" In his voice, she thought she could detect a tone of wonder, and perhaps, of dawning realization, but a realization of what, she did not know. One thing she knew for certain, however, was that she too had much to think upon, and that much of her thought would be devoted to a young man who bore the name of Hope. Unable now to express her thoughts more clearly, she said simply: "He is most intriguing." Elladan turned his eyes away from her again to look over the water of the creek, and to Arwen it seemed as though he were searching for answers there. "That he is," he responded absently, and with these words, he fell silent. Arwen, too, spoke no more, for she found that she had lost the will to press him on this matter. Perhaps there were some answers that were best left to time to reveal. Instead, she offered him what comfort she could with her presence and took comfort herself in his, as the two sat hand in hand in silence for hours they did not count, each lost in their own thoughts as together they watched the cool, clear water of the creek run its sure and rapid course. Please take the time to leave a review. All feedback, both positive and negative, is greatly appreciated. Coming up in the next chapter: a conversation between Elrohir and Gilraen has some surprising revelations .