his feet. For a moment he seemed to turn his attention the music of the harp and the taste of the deep red wine, but it was only a little time, barely a verse of the song drifting upon the harp strings, before he spoke again and it was clear that the track of his thoughts were unchanged, though he continued with apparent care. "I have heard that many of Sauron's new legions were destroyed at the battle of the five armies. If that is so then it is cause for some joy, as it will slow his return to power and may purchase many seasons of peace." He looked into the blue eyes watching him from across the firelight and spoke softly. "But that peace has cost your people and our other allies dear, for which there is also much sorrow." He paused as if listening once again to the song and his eyes seemed to seek back into the past as if reading some ancient wisdom in the music. Then he drew a deep breath. "Peace we may have but I fear it will only be for a short time. The loss of Samug may slow the coming of the time of trouble but I do not think it will prevent it, that nothing can, and great sorrow still awaits the world." When he received no answer to his remark but an inclination of the fair head opposite he turned his eyes back to the depths of his wine. "Dain is now king under the mountain, a situation that must be lived with but I confess it will make for some difficulties in the future. He never been the most reasonable of dwarves, and they are a generally difficult race. It will be fraught with difficulty for your people in particular, as you must already know; Dain distrusts our kind and has long disliked your father's power in the area around the mountain. He considers the friendship between men and elves to be a general threat and your own kin a particular one. Few elf lords remain in Middle earth that could raise an army to challenge the dwarves of the Iron Hills and their kin, but the king of Mirkwood could do so and much more." Elrond turned his look back to visitors face with calm but considering eyes. "Your father has no reason to love the dwarf nations I know and every reason to distrust them, will he make the effort to ignore Dain's provocations do you think?" He smiled gently, "for I expect those provocations to be great." "So I believe." was all the reply that the visitor could manage. Elrond smiled again but had not pressed him further, instead sitting back in chair and sipping from his wine and staring into the fire. "Well Thranduil has never been a hostage to anger," he said eventually, "for he has lived long enough in this world to know its price, and he holds his oaths of kingship to be a sacred trust. He will be master of his annoyance unless Mirkwood itself is threatened." He looked again towards his visitor. "But with the dragon gone the security of his northern borders must be a matter of concern to him, and indeed to all of us who would see the northern and eastern lands held safe. Let us hope that Dain proves stalwart for I hear that the battle was fierce and though the army of the shadow was much decimated the losses of the alliance were also heavy. Tell me truly, were so many lost?" The rider drew his horse to a standstill again staring down the path as snow started to fall more heavily; he closed his eyes and hung his head at the memory of that question for he had had no answer to offer Elrond, nor any hiding from the bitter shame of not knowing. The hint of sympathy and understanding in Elrond's eyes had nearly been his undoing and only pride and the thoughts of his father had kept him from betraying his grief and pain. He had left Rivendell with Elrond's letters and that shame still burning in his heart. How was it that the grief for the loss of one who had never been his had shut him off from the grief for those more truly lost? Elrond had dwelt long in the world and seen much sorrow and he would have understood, but how would others see it? Not well he would wager and what would that mean for his future? But the past could not be changed and he would have to face the results of it at some point, the truth was that he yearned to be home, ached to be back amongst those he called his own folk. More than anything he wanted to defend this forest that was his home, his birthright; and his wandering had taught him that it would need to be defended, and maybe sooner than he, or any, would wish. A stamping of feet and a soft whinny brought him back to the present moment. They had been still too long for the weather; he leant forward and stroked the snow spattered mane in apology. "Forgive me my wandering wits" he said softly. He cast one more look around him then leaned forward in the saddle again to flick the ice from his horse's ear. "Not long now and you shall have shelter and the sweetest hay you will ever know." He spoke softly as if afraid to dislodge more ice from the rimed trees. Pulling his hood further forward he shivered. "I hope that my welcome will be half as warm." With a gentle nudge he encouraged his horse forward again. He had come this far and he must continue, for he must know if he still had kin, if he was still Legolas, son of King Thranduil, Prince of Mirkwood or simply a wandering elf without family or folk.