was thinking of when we met at the dance. And as for white stags, as lovely as I'm sure they are, I don't need any of them. My wishes have been granted already." "You're really surprisingly cheesy, did you know that?" Another word he'd learned from me. "If I'm cheesy, you're like…absolutely drenched in cheddar." "Cheddar? No, I am not cheesy. I am romantic. So I'm not cheddar, I'm the finest French Roquefort," he said, laughing. "How do you know more about the cheese from my world than I do?" He laughed again. "I think we've strayed from our topic. It's your turn to talk about a memory, I believe." "My favorite memory is this one," I said simply. "Right now." He stared at me for a moment without saying anything. I felt that there was profound love in his expression and for a moment it almost knocked the breath out of me, the realization that this sweet, pure, heroic, kind, beautiful soul actually loved me. He brought me out of my reverie again by speaking. "I don't know if something that is happening in the present can be considered a memory." "Maybe not," I conceded. "It's a gift." "What's a gift?" "The present. " I grinned, waiting for him to get my awful joke. I saw the awareness dawn on his face, and then he groaned. " You are not even cheddar. You're like that terrible, orange, canned variety." I shrugged. "I guess it's part of my charm. And now it's your turn again, love." "Perhaps it's all this talk about cheese, but do you remember when you taught us to make…oh dear, what's it called?" "You know of the existence of Roquefort cheese, but you don't know what pizza is." "Oh, pizza! Thank you. Yes, we were all in the kitchen clumsily tossing about bits of the dough and catching them in our hands, getting flour all over our the place, laughing like children. Merry and Pippin wouldn't stop their ceaseless chatter until the pizza was out of the oven and they started eating, and everything abruptly became very silent. It was a hit, as you would say. And did I ever tell you that those two were so enamored of the new food that when they went to Rohan to visit King Éomer, they told him of it and he was so intrigued by the idea of it that he told his head cook about it, and his head cook made some, and the King liked it so much he had it added to the meal rotation at Edoras?" "You're making that up." "I am not! Ask Merry." "Merry made it up, then." "I don't think he did." "Wait. So you're saying that I indirectly introduced the King of Rohan to pizza? What if his subjects learn of it? What if it spreads to Gondor? Oh my gosh, then Aragorn, the freaking king of Middle-earth would know about it. Or what if it spread to Lothlórien! Can you even imagine how good Elven pizza would be?" "You'll be famous," he said, playing along with me. "Frodo Baggins, the Hobbit who saved the world. And his wife, who invented pizza." I was cackling now. "Except," I gasped through my laughter, "I didn't even invent it! I only popularized it." He was looking at me with a half confused, half amused expression on his face, which only made me laugh harder. "I bet you had no idea when you met me that I would end up being this weird, did you?" "I think you're just a little tired, my love. You're always silly when you're tired." "But only when I'm tired, of course." "Of course." I started giggling again. "I don't feel tired, actually. I feel kind of hyper… Hey, has it gotten lighter in here?" I glanced around the room. "Yes. Soon it will be sunrise, I think. If you're not tired we could go outside and watch," he suggested. "And I can smoke my pipe, and you can tell me how bad it is for my health." "And you can tell me that the sunrise isn't as pretty as I am, even first thing in the morning. And I can accuse you of lying." We sat on the bench by our front door, snuggled under a thick quilt, and gazed at the clouds as they turned fantastical shades of lavender, gold, and rose, bathing the countryside in a soft, sweet, magical light that made everything more beautiful. I felt perfectly content to sit quietly with Frodo's arm around me and drink it all in. Occasionally he would tuck a few strands of my hair over my shoulder and touch his lips to my neck or collarbone and I suspected he was looking at me almost as much as at the sky. Which was lame, and I told him so. "Well, after all, it's not as pretty as you." I was about to open my mouth to say something sarcastic, but before I could, he smiled winningly and said, "I'm just sticking to your plan." I rolled my eyes, but grinned, kissed him on the cheek, and said, " Thank you. Even though I think you might be lying. And by the way, smoking's bad for you." By this time the sunrise was pretty much over, so I suggested we go inside and get some breakfast. Which he, being a Hobbit, enthusiastically seconded. Soon enough we were seated together by the fire holding plates heaped with bacon and biscuits and gravy, and a generous side of mushrooms. "You were telling me a story," said Frodo after a few minutes. "The one about the girl who came to live in a new place and fell in love with the mind reader? We had just gotten to the sad part, and I've been wondering how it turned out." I smiled dreamily. "Well then, let me tell you about how they were reunited, and about how they lived happily ever after…"