to this strange man speaking of prophecies and elves as though from one of the very same stories, and she found herself believing him. She was brought out of her thoughts from a low moan coming from the woman. The woman's eyes snapped open as she let out another moan and clutched her stomach. The man jumped up and knelt before his wife. 'My love, what ails you?' His eyes were wide and he looked terrified. 'Déorwyn, hurry, boil some water and find clean sheets! I fear the baby is on it's way. Oh, where is Rowena?' Gléowyn ushered the man out of the room just as his wife let out another groan. 'Leave me be, I cannot leave my wife!' The man protested, turning around to return to his wife. Gléowyn placed a hand on his back and not too gently shoved him through the door and into the small kitchen. 'You can and you will. It will do your wife no good to see you panicking when she is already in a frail enough state as it is!' Gléowyn replied, shutting the man out of the room. He was left to sit on a rickety old chair at the kitchen table. The time passed and he did not know for how long he had been sitting there, hands clasped together, sweat gathering on his brow as he listened to his wife's screams from the other room. At some point in the night he had heard the front door opening and a new voice joining the others. He knew that this must have been the healer, Rowena, as he recalled. He could sit there no longer. He took to pacing the floor, back and forth across the tiles of the kitchen. A little while later and he could hear the cries of a new born baby. The door opened to reveal Déorwyn walk in carrying a pile of bloody sheets. The man immediatley jumped up and strode past the woman and into the living room. His wife was lying on a large pile of blankets on the floor in front of the fire, back propped up against the back of the chair. Her pale face was drenched in sweat, dark hair plastered to her head. But that was not what caught his eye. There, lying in his wife's tired arms, was a baby wrapped up in a blanket, dark tufts of hair peeking out from the top. He rushed over to his wife and child and placed a kiss on his wife's brow. She was utterly exhausted, deep shadows beneath her tired eyes betraying the smile on her face. She looked up to her husband and kissed him. 'Her name is to be Neniel.' she said, her voice a mere whisper. 'You must travel to Imladris, my love.' She told her husband. 'There you can find the answers to this riddle. But you must promise me, my love-' she looked up to him, tears evident in her grey eyes, 'you must promise me to return to our daughter.' He stroked the hair out of her eyes. 'I can do better, love, I promise to return to my daughter, and my wife.' he said, tears catching in his eyes as he placed his hand on her cheek. 'I shall return to you both. That I will promise to do.' 'No, my love. I can feel death seeping into my body. I am not long for this world now.' She said gently, placing her free hand over her husbands. 'Do not leave me! You must hold on. For me...for our child.' He said, his voice breaking. The tears that had been gathering now falling freely down his face. 'You are simply tired my love, it is not your time - not yet, please!' She smiled weekly up at her husband's tear stained face and placed a loving kiss on his forehead, brushing a strand of his unruly, dark hair behind his ear. Looking down at her daughter she placed a kiss on her brow. 'You must do this for Neniel, my love. Promise me,' she siad him, looking into his grey eyes, the eyes that she loved so much. The same eyes that now graced her daughter. 'Do you promise me?' The man looked upon his wife, her dark, wavy hair falling gently around her pale face. She had never looked more beautiful to him. He kissed her softly on the lips. 'I promise.' Those two words were all he was able to manage. She smiled up at him again and then slowly closed her eyes, never to open them again. The man sat beside his wife while she drew her last breath. He then weeped into his hands. Gléowyn watched him from the corner of the room, her eyes tearing over. She watched as the man placed a finale kiss on the brow of his wife, watched as he wiped a tear from her still-warm cheek. She watched as he took the child from her lifeless arms and looked into his daughter's eyes. He then walked across the room and placed the child in Gléowyn's arms. 'Would you look after her? I do not know what else to do. I cannot take her with me, she is too young.' The man's tear-filled eyes looked into Gléowyn's, pleading with her. 'Of course, we would not ask you to bring her. She shall be safe here.' Gléowyn placed a reassuring hand on the man's shoulder. 'We will make sure of that.' The man thanked her with a smile that did not reach his eyes. He bowed his head to her and gathered his belongings. He took one last look at his daughter sleeping peacefully in Gléowyn's arms, and strode out into the night. And the little girl slept on, blissfully unaware that her small family had just been ripped apart. Sorry about the cheesiness of the death scene. I tried but there was just no avoiding it. Hope it was okay :-)