pour down on them at any second. Kalëa had positioned everyone in the best places to repel an attack on the very edge of the wood. The troops Lord Celeborn was sending wouldn't be there until after dark. Kalëa was watching the horizon intently, Haldir on one side and Orophin on the other. "I do not see anything." Orophin said softly. "Neither do I, yet." She answered him calmly. "But we will." "You should be in one of the look out flets." Haldir insisted. "If you think just because I am an elleth I will run from danger the moment it threatens, you are sadly mistaken marchwarden. Now if you don't mind I would like some peace and quiet to concentrate." Kalëa snapped taking her eyes off the horizon long enough to throw Haldir a glare that could have frozen ice. Haldir wisely remained silent and looked out at the horizon with her. "I see something." He said softly. "I know, there will be at least fifty orcs so do not engage them hand to hand until you absolutely have to." She responded stringing her bow and knocking an arrow. "Take down as many as you can before they get here." "They are still out of range." Haldir said sighting his own bow. "But not for long." Kalëa said pulling her bowstring back to the corner of her mouth. "Almost, almost." She whispered. "They are in range." She said as she let her arrow fly. The arrow soared through the air and hit an orc in the neck. Suddenly the air was filled with arrows and orcs were falling left and right, but there were too many to take down with only arrows. "Where are you going?" Haldir called after her as Kalëa jumped down to the bottom branch of the tree, she had run out of arrows. The arrows eventually stopped and the orcs got close to the border. "Time to fight." Kalëa whispered as she pulled her doubled bladed sword off her back and crouched low on the branch. "What are you doing?" Haldir asked as he and Orophin dropped onto the branch beside her. "Keeping the vision from coming to pass." She said simply before leaping off the branch and swinging her sword to lop the head off of an orc. Haldir and Orophin joined her as the rest of the guards began to fight alongside them. "Hold them back until the reinforcements come." Kalëa yelled as she stabbed one orc and twirled to behead another. An orc blade managed to stab her in the arm and she cried out in pain, but the vision was coming true. The rain was pouring, the lightening was the only source of light, and orcs were screaming. She wasn't about to let what she saw happen, so she picked herself up, gritted her teeth against the pain in her arm, and reached inside her mind to the hidden reserve of pride, stubbornness, and anger that she hoped would keep her alive until the end of the battle. She resolutely swung her sword blocking an orc sword and slicing the throat of another orc at the same time being careful not to jar her arm too much. She saw an orc behind Haldir about to stab him in the back and jumped between them slicing the orcs head off before he had the chance. Swinging her blade around she jumped into the air and twisted to land behind the orc Haldir was fighting, facing the two. The orcs head rolled away on the ground and Haldir gave her a startled look. "The reinforcements have arrived." Kalëa said turning to kill another orc. She and Haldir continued to fight until the orcs were no more. Kalëa was bent double trying to catch her breath, which seemed to constantly want to leave her body thanks to the pain radiating from her arm. It was hard to tell she was injured though, unless you really looked. The rain had stopped just before reinforcements arrived and she was covered in blood. Her long blonde hair was wet and matted from both the rain and orc blood, her clothing was soaked and had a dark red/black shine to it in the moonlight. The sky was clear now and the immediate danger had passed. Forcing herself to stand she began to walk back to the Golden Woods, looking carefully for the injured as she did. She came across an elf lying face down. Kneeling she turned him over and checked for the beat in his wrist that would tell her if he still lived. It was there but very faint. "Hold on, young one. I will get you the help you need." She lifted him with a pained grunt as the flesh in her arm tore some more. "Elbereth!" she breathed as she carried him to the woods where another elf took him from her and carried him to the healing house. "You fought well, my lady." Haldir said from behind her. She turned and arched an eyebrow. "Did you expect I would not?" "I did not expect a lady to be able to handle a battle such as this." He answered truthfully. "Learn this, and learn it well Haldir marchwarden of Lorien, I am not some fragile elleth who must be protected I am a capable fighter and do not forget that." Kalëa turned to storm off to the healing house but she lost her balance and tumbled backward into Haldir. "I had hoped I would make it to the healing house first." She whispered, and her words were starting to slur together. "Stupid orc." She breathed as her eyes closed and she passed out in the marchwarden's arms. Authors note Ok, so this is my first ever LOTR fic. Please review and tell me what you think. Reviews are welcomed and encouraged. Constructive criticism is welcome, any flames will be sent down to Moria and fed to the balroq. Hey, he's gotta eat something right?