chambers, Targon realized. Once they arrived at the correct level, Legolas headed towards a door at the far end of the hall, where a pair of Citadel guards stood at attention. Legolas nodded to both of them, and pushed open the door to the King's private sitting room, holding the door open for Targon and his family. There were a great many servants in the room, along with a Dwarf, two more identical Elves, the Steward Faramir and his Lady Eowyn, and the King of Rohan, Eowyn's brother Eomer. All were looking expectant and impatient. Legolas crossed the room to the two other Elves and had a whispered conversation with them, which resulted in the prince's smile broadening and his eye beginning to sparkle. One of the Elves gestured at the door that led into the King and Queen's bedchamber, and Legolas nodded, crossing over to the door and knocking. The Elf waited a moment and then apparently heard something from inside the room. He opened the door quietly and slipped inside, closing the door behind himself. Targon, Alanna, and Arthon all stood uncertainly near the outer door, not sure what they were here for, or what they were supposed to be doing. They had never expected to be standing among the elite of their realm. It was unsettling enough to be so favored by the King and Queen, but to be standing in the King's chambers along with the King of Rohan, the Steward and his Lady, and representatives from the Elves and the Dwarves, well, that was enough to put them completely out of their element. The door suddenly opened and Legolas came back out, looking around and then gesturing towards Targon and his family. They moved hesitantly through the crowd, and slipped into the King's bedchamber as Legolas held the door open. The Elf closed it behind them, and then stood off to the side. Elessar stood near the fireplace, looking weary, but overjoyed. He turned towards the door as Legolas admitted the carpenter and his family, and his face brightened. He came toward them, holding a small bundle wrapped in the white blanket that Alanna had given the Queen six months ago. "Master Targon, Mistress Alanna, Arthon. Thank you for coming so promptly. I thought that you might wish to share in this moment with Arwen and I and our friends." The King stepped closer and tilted the bundle he held slightly, so that they could see the cherubic features of a newborn. "This is our daughter, Melian. She was born early this morning. There are representatives here from Rohan, from Ithilien, from the Elves, and from the Dwarves to witness this moment, but we needed someone from Gondor as a witness as well. Since you were so kind as to give us this blanket and to craft her cradle for us, Arwen and I both thought you deserved to see our daughter." The tiny princess yawned and raised her hand to rest alongside her cheek. Her eyes opened, and as she struggled to focus on what was going on around her, Targon noted that her eyes were a rich blue, but showed signs of eventually turning into a dusky grey-blue. Her few wisps of hair on her head were dark, like the Queen's, and she generally resembled her father. The features that were strong on the King, however, had been refined and were more elven, a tribute from her mother. Her ears were just barely pointed, also given to her by her elven mother. Once the princess matured, she would undoubtedly be a striking beauty. Alanna looked awe-struck at the sheer beauty of the infant. "She is absolutely beautiful, Your Majesty. You must be very proud." Aragorn nodded and gazed at his infant daughter, his eyes sparkling with joy, and his lip curving into a tender smile as he watched her. "She is the most precious gift that I have ever been given." Targon nodded. "I remember the feeling when Arthon was born." He placed a hand gently on his son's head. "It's a heady feeling…knowing that you've been entrusted with this completely helpless person, and wondering if you will have skill enough to be a good parent to her." Aragorn looked up at the carpenter. "Yes, that's it exactly." Alanna smiled. "And yet, despite your fear, you love her with all your heart and you can't imagine ever loving anyone more than you love her at this moment." Aragorn nodded his agreement, for Alanna had expressed his feelings perfectly. He gazed down at his daughter again. She was so precious and perfect and he felt his heart swell with more and more love every moment that he looked at her. So much of his life had been spent in turmoil and fighting, it was a relief to now be living in a time of relative peace, able to once again focus on his family as he had when he was a young man in Rivendell. Arwen had given him the most precious gift of his life, and Aragorn knew that no matter what lay ahead for them, this moment, surrounded by his friends and his family, would always rate as one of the most special of his life. Even more astonishing was the fact that all of this had started for him on that Mid-winter's Eve when he had encountered young Arthon in a small cobbler's shop on the Fourth Level. Illuvatar and the Valar had blessed him in so many ways in the past year and he had so many gifts to thank them for, the least of which was not his beautiful, healthy daughter. Author's Note: Finally, after two years, this story is finally finished! I never thought that it would happen, but here we are, with a new post! Hopefully, in the next few weeks I'll have more time to do some writing of my own, now that I am a new college graduate. Look for other stories soon to come!