I cannot live with this struggle inside me—almost hating Leofric for what he did to me, hating myself for what I did to Leofric. And Feorha—did the robbing of her father mean that she had to give up her mother, too? And then the words fling themselves out of the past and into my heart like a barb. "You have fighting to do too," Leofric had said, "but it is not meant for the battlefield. There are other ways to fight for life, and this must be your way: merely to live and give life. For the child's sake, if not for mine, if I am gone." "Not without you," I whisper. "I cannot fight without you." "If for nothing else you must live for the child—and for Rohan—and for me. If my death does nothing for you except to take your own life away from you, then you have befouled everything I sacrifice for." I begin to weep harder, and the ice in my heart begins to melt, very slowly. Now a new barb twists in my heart. Have I befouled his sacrifice? He died for me, and for what? I am not free—I am still enthralled. What did he die for? Yes, I know, remembering the rosebush. He sacrificed and received nothing but anger in return. I never let him go, but that only made him slip further away. And why are you enthralled? What keeps you from freedom? I struggle, but the word comes anyway. "Myself." And as the word passes my lips I understand. As if someone has opened the barriers of my long-guarded heart, burst the dam and let the river wash over my grief, I understand. Leofric had died for me. I knew this then but did not understand it. His death was the greatest gift he could give me, the greatest sacrifice with which he could show his love. I know that he did not love the sword, nor did he love dealing out death with those life-bringing hands of his, but I know now that there are some things that we must give our ultimate for, even if it means death in the end. There are some things that are better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark. There are some things that we must, in all conscience, fight for, or be forever plagued by the thought that we could have and did not. It is worse when we do nothing than if we do something and fail. Leofric gave his life for me—and for Feorha—and for the Riddermark—on some unnamed plain ten years ago. He gave his life so that we might live. It seems ironic to me even now, but I understand. I understand. Could I have loved a man who ran from the darkness because he did not want it to harm him, instead of fighting it off so that it would not last to harm even more? How had Leofric loved me so when I—and I cringe within myself with shame—had done just this? Yes, I realise now, I have befouled his sacrifice. Leofric had given me a gift—life—and I had scorned it and yearned for death. He had given me a second gift—love—and that I had stained myself with my selfish hatred. And I had claimed there was nothing to live for when he had given me yet another gift: Feorha. If nothing else was worth living for, she was. If I could not live then Leofric had died for nothing. Not nothing, the comfort inside me whispers. Rohan will live because of him. "Be proud of me…" he whispers out of time, and the tears roll down my cheeks. And he is mine again, mine because I have learned to accept what he did for me and why. Because I can accept his love and give untainted love in return. Someday long in the future I will climb this hill and lay me down in the long-grass and my spirit will flee to join him. But Feorha will be a mother before this happens, and I will be with her. Perhaps I cannot give her as priceless a gift as Leofric gave us, but then perhaps my love is enough. There are other ways to fight for life, and this is my way: to live and give life. I will live. I touch my hand to my pocket absently, and suddenly feel hardness beneath my fingers. I slip my hand in and eager fingers close around a hard, moist seed. A rose seed. I do not know where it came from, but here it is in my pocket. Something catches in my throat. Feorha comes loping up the hill, her arms full of colour. She calls to me and I smile, and for the first time in many long months I laugh. I am free now. There are still scars, scars that perhaps will not even fade with time, but the wounds do not bleed. I take the seed from my pocket and finger it slowly. As Feorha comes breathless to my side, pressing the flowers to my face and begging me to smell them, I take her hand. "Come," I say. "We have planting to do." Together we kneel by Leofric's memorial and dig a hole. I hand the seed to Feorha and she sets it in carefully as I push the dirt over it. It is a grave, yes, a grave of my old darkness. But it will become a womb, signifying life. Life. We stand and I take her hand again and we go back down the hill. I thank the heavens for this precious gift I have found again. I have found life again, I have found my daughter again, I have found Leofric again. The parting was mine. The hawk gives a farewell cry above me. I turn and stare back at Reunion Hill. It must have been late September When last I climbed Reunion Hill