of Legolas's lips quirked upwards at his friend's encouraging words. "I do remember her saying that we could speak at the end of the evening," Legolas recounted after sending Arwen out into a gentle spin. Arwen could hear the hope tinting his voice as another song ended. As he escorted her back to the main table as the serving staff began to bring dessert out from the kitchens, along with fresh pitchers of wine. Arwen found her seat, happy to take a small rest, and Legolas found his own beside her. Aragorn, having broken free of mingling for brief reprieve with his wife and elven-friend, soon joined them, while a voice that sounded suspiciously like Gimli's could be heard speaking the dialect of the dwarves not far from where the trio sat. Reading the look on Legolas's face, Aragorn gave him a pitying look. "Oh, please, my friend! Don't tell me you still haven't spoken a word to her?" At this Legolas lifted his eyes heavenward with a look of exasperation. "By the Valar, does every being in this castle have knowledge of the feelings I hold for that woman, fresh as they still are for myself?" Aragorn chuckled at the elf's uncharacteristic poor attitude, though how could he blame a man for feeling so sour after an entire evening of torture? "Legolas," he said, laughter still coloring his voice, "you are transparent!" At the look of horror that crossed his fellow warrior's face, Aragorn quickly added, "Let that not be considered to be such an undesired thing. What have you for concealed emotions and games?" "Indeed, you're right," Legolas conceded with a smile, rising from his hole of self berating, where he in the last few hours had drank a healthy amount of wine. "Such things are for children, who's desires are not yet known or who's fears keep them from such. I am not afraid." He was terrified. Reaching for a goblet of freshly poured wine, he took a sip, his thoughts on the woman who he was still unsure how to approach-especially considering his embarrassment of a conversation earlier. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Hello All! Firstly, thank you for the read! I hope you enjoyed the chapter and I hope you will continue to do so as the story unfolds. Okay, so a few things, not really in order of importance: 1)Bits and pieces of this story have been wracking around in my brain for the better part of a year now, and I began writing this chapter in the summer. I wanted it to be so successful that I held off for an immensely long time, but no longer! I must post! And should I be starting another story with so many others in the works? Probably not, but I have the ending for this one already all pretty in my head, so it's just putting it all together (easier said than done). Plus my imagination kept poking me... 2) This will have a song or two in it. I was inspired to write this whole fan fiction by a single song, and then a few others I heard I felt could be incorporated, so they may very well be. I'm certainly no musician, nor singer (i have been known to dance a lot) but I feel like there is no denying the healing power of music, nor the fact that it brings people together. So, if any description of the music playing seems lacking, that's why. As for the instruments, I tried to keep it along the lines of medieval instruments, the ones that had remained unnamed in the chapter are listed below. 3) It doesn't seem like a lot is written on the Haradhim, so I have hunted and gathered bits and pieces from a few existing desert peoples to make what I feel like those of Harad and far Harad would be like. The main people I have used are the Tuareg people of Africa for most of the culture and Afghan language (mostly because Tuareg language is not the easiest to track down). Why Haradhim? Keep reading to find out :) 4)Speaking of language, a guide to the pronunciation of the names Khannenda (KAH-nen-DAH) and Baaüli (bah-OO-lee) (this means supporter). I am really not anywhere near an expert on Dari, so if anyone really knows the real inflections, I will make note :) 5) As I began to write a description and first encounter of Khaanenda, I realized in my minds eye she was similar to the Afghan girl, made famous by Nat Geo. If you want, go and take a look. I picture her with a more slender face and pointier chin, but everything else is basically spot on. If not, just let your imagination run wild :) Also, as I began writing Bauuli, I began to realize he looks a bit like Jeong Jeong from Avatar. Not meaning to spoil your imagination and mind's eye, but that's what I'm picturing. I may get around to a sketch of the two of them, but baby steps. 6) The name of the song performed is "Love of an Orchestra" by Noah and the Whale (do not own). I would give it a listen, it's simple but awesome :) There will be further elaboration on the meaning of it all eventually. This will be a story of healing, very comforty and, as you might have noticed, totally fluffy and romantic. While I do not plan many, there may be scenes of gore and perhaps sexuality. If need be, I will give necessary warning preceding these. I'm not the biggest expert on LOTR (though I am an avid fan! loveloveloveit), so I am trying to keep the timeline and the characters accurate. I haven't written LOTR before, so my characterization may be off, but I will try my hardest :D The long tube instruments are bladder pipes. The longer version of the rebec is called a rebab. Phew, okay I'm done :D Peace out, girl scout! -Phish