Meroryan shook her friend lightly, calling out to her softly. "Come on Elsie, time to get up. Wakey, wakey." She slapped her good cheek gently, continuing her mantra. "Elsie. Elsie. Wake up hun." Elsie moaned, her eyes fluttering open. She gazed at Meroryan in confusion. "What happened, Mer?" "I'm not sure," she replied, shaking her head. All she could remember was standing in the living room, listening to the words that Elsie was reading, and then waking up to the pain. Her head jerked upright, causing stars to wink before her eyes. She clutched her head, realizing the enormity of what had happened to them. "The words," she whispered quietly. "The words?" Elsie looked at her, completely confused. "What the hell are you talking about?" "The words, on the parchment." Elsie looked at her for a moment before comprehension dawned, and with it, horror. "Oh my God! What have I done?" She hid her face in her hands, her breath coming in short gasps. Meroryan merely laid a hand on her friends' shoulder. "Come on. It wasn't your fault. There was no way you could have known what reading the parchment would bring about. Don't blame yourself." "But how can I not? I'm the one that insisted on seeing it and reading what it said wasn't I? This is all my fault. If I would've just kept my curiosity under my hat then none of this would have happened!" "You can't be certain of that. It might have happened regardless. Anyway, this is not the time to contemplate whose fault it was or wasn't. What's more important now is that we take care of our wounds and figure out where we are," Meroryan looked around her. The trees were old, their branches reaching far up into the loft. The forest beyond had an ominous feel. There was hardly any light beyond the glade where they now lay, the trees growing more dense as far as Meroryan could see. The darkness within was terrifying. "Where do you suppose we are then?" Elsie asked in a whisper. The tremor in her voice belied the calm tone, hinting at the fear that assailed her. Meroryan made to comfort her friend. "I'm not too sure. But wherever it is, I don't suppose we'll be lacking wood for a fire should we have cause for one." Her voice was calm, the light tone easing some of the tension in the surrounding air. She turned to Elsie, levering her arms beneath those of her friend. "Come now, let's get you up. Then you can tell me if anything else hurts." Slowly, the two gathered their strength enough the stand. Elsie wobbled only for a moment before gaining her balance. "I think I'm ok. My cheek and chest hurt, but that's about it." She glanced worriedly at her friend. "You on the other hand don't look so good." She reached up a hand to touch Meroryan's left temple lightly. "That cut looks bad. What else hurts?" "I'm fine," she assured her, "Just a dew cuts and bruises. My ribs hurt, but not overly so. I think I might have twisted my knee as well when I fell, but I can walk on it without it causing me too much pain." Elsie studied her face for a moment, not believing her when she said everything was alright. Her face was entirely too pale and the area around her mouth was white with stress. She only hoped they could find some friendly people to help them. Being stranded in a strange land with no food or shelter was not exactly her idea of a good time out. She looked at Meroryan steadily, asking the question that had been raging in Meroryan's own mind since waking. "Which way should we go?" Meroryan looked into the woods beyond. She had been trying to figure out just that. She had no idea where the spell had landed them. They could be anywhere in time or place. But she didn't feel the need to worry her friend with such details right now. All that could wait until they were settled in front of a warm fire with food and friendly company. "I'm not sure," she said, shaking her head. She motioned her friend to silence, letting her senses be carried away by the wind. She held herself like that for a few moments, listening intently to whatever the woods would tell her, a stranger in their midst. After a few minutes, she looked at Elsie, nodding her head to her left. "That way." "How can you be so sure?" Elsie asked her as they started their slow walk through the woods before them. "I'm not," she replied, smiling wistfully at her friend. "But the oppressive feeling that I have about this forest feels less threatening from this direction." Elsie looked through the trees directly in front of them. "Right," she said, then added, "Well look at it this way: at least we aren't naked!" Meroryan chuckled lightly along with Elsie. True they had managed to make it through whatever had brought them here with clothes intact. Meroryan glanced down at her feet, wiggling her bare toes against the cool ground. She hadn't been wearing shoes when they had been transported to wherever they now stood. She sighed, thinking that they couldn't be lucky all the time. The started walking slowly, making their way between the ancient maples who had guarded them for such a short time. As they passed one of the great trees, Meroryan laid her palm against the rough bark. She could feel it stir beneath her touch as she murmured her thanks. And so the two friends supported each other beyond the glade, the forest swallowing them up as they entered. Imya i'kaimela ikotane lle autuva; Ana thar ndorrim tar i'hisie; Sinta n'uma ner lle firimar eska; Tula-roughly means, "Through the dreaming so will you go, to distant lands beyond the mist, to know no more your mortal home. Come."