known as Hobbits, so they spent a year in the wilderness that surrounded both the Shire and the nearest town that was called Bree. The two soon made names for themselves in Bree as rangers who spoke little but had made it quite clear that they would quite regularly be passing through. People named Aragorn 'Strider' and Ana was known as Shadow because of the way she could be as silent as a shadow thanks to her Elfish qualities. The people of Bree knew that Ana was an elf but she was about so often that they soon got used to the sight of her and treated her just like the other rangers. After a year of guarding the Shire, Ana and Aragorn left to travel Middle Earth once again. They left some of their rangers around Bree though to keep an eye on things. The two fought for the King of Rohan and the Steward of Gondor. Aragorn, who looked like he hadn't aged any more than five years since Ana first met him, used the name Thorongil to avoid suspicion. Ana just used her usual name as it was well known that Elves were immortal. It took a while to convince both the King and the Steward to let Ana fight, since she was a woman, but after she had beaten both in a public battle they had to agree. Ana and Aragorn led an assault on Umbar in 2980 and won successfully. After the battle, however, they both left the army, much to the rest of the men's dismay. After leaving the army, the two split for a while. Aragorn wanted to see Lórien for the first time in his life but someone needed to be in Bree for an evening to make sure people still remembered they were watching. So Ana set off for Bree alone and made it within 24 hours thanks to her not needing to rest. Once she reached Bree, she made her way to the pub and sat in there for a few hours to stir up a few new rumours about her being back. As she passed the bar, Ana informed the barkeeper that a few of her ranger friends would be in and out in the next couple of months. It was true. There were always rangers in Bree. But she also knew the barkeeper would tell anyone who would listen so hopefully it would stop people from doing anything stupid. Everyone knew how rangers could get when places they frequently inhabited changed or became too violent. They would go after the ones who were being violent so the place would be peaceful again. As soon as Ana was out of Bree, she headed straight to Mirkwood to visit some of the wood-elves that she knew. Aragorn knew this was her plan and had agreed to meet her at the Dwarves' mines three months after they had split. At the entrance of Mirkwood, Ana was met by Prince Legolas. He was King Thranduil's eldest son and also one of Ana's oldest friends. Legolas and Ana had played together when they were children while their fathers discussed important matters. Aragorn had met Legolas about ten years ago when they had passed through Mirkwood on their travels, and had ended up staying for three and a half years somehow, and had fast become close friends with the wood-elf too. " Nae saian luume', Legolas. (It has been too long, Legolas.)" Ana smiled as she approached her friend. She gripped his shoulder as he gripped hers, a show of friendship and comradeship, before the two hugged each other tightly while laughing slightly. "Indeed it has, Ana. I find it surprising that you are here alone. Where is Aragorn? Where is your partner in crime?" Legolas asked teasingly as he led her through the woods. Legolas knew of Aragorn's heritage as he was royalty among his clan and had found out from his father. Most of the elves knew by now, to be honest, after Aragorn had admitted it to the whole of Rivendell when they had last been home. The elves had promised to keep his heritage a secret from the rest of Middle Earth but Aragorn had gave them permission to tell any elf of his heritage as long as they kept quiet too. Elves were loyal to their death so Ana and Aragorn knew that Aragorn's real heritage would stay a secret until he was ready to become a king. "Estel is in Lórien at the moment. He wanted to visit and explore. You know he's been dying to go for a while now. I, on the other hand, went to Bree to check in with some fellow rangers. Then I decided to come and see my oldest friend! I have a feeling Aragorn will be quite fine without me in Lórien." Ana admitted, with a sparkle in her eye, before carrying on. "It is about time that Arwen will visit there so the two of them will be able to have some time alone. If I went, I would only continue to find them together doing something that I would rather not think about. It has been 23 years since they last saw each other." Legolas crinkled his nose in distaste at the idea that Ana was hinting at, his eyes flashing with pain for some reason, before shrugging and pushing aside a curtain of ivy to reveal the palace where he lived. Ana smiled as she looked at the clan of wood elves who were going about their daily business outside the palace. Legolas' guard stepped out from behind trees, bowing to the both of them, before walking off. Ana followed Legolas into the palace in the cave where she was soon surrounded by elves, who knew her from her previous visits, who wanted to know all about her adventures. She found out later that night that Legolas had fallen in love with Aragorn within weeks of meeting him.