of Pippin's ale in the process. "Steady on, Frodo!" Pippin replied, ripping his arm free from Frodo's grasp, knocking him backwards; Frodo suddenly unbalanced stepped back, finding the toe of a well-worn boot of one of the men standing just behind him with his heel. The young Hobbit fell backwards, the Ring flying up into the air as his back made contact with the hard, cold, and dusty and ale covered stone floor. The Ring seemed to hover in the air for a moment or two before crashing right back down onto Frodo's pointer finger and he simply disappeared from sight. "Oh!" Exclaimed many of the men that had gathered around Frodo and Pippin, gasps and other exclamations could be heard all around the tavern as well, even a few curses could be heard. Strider, Alys, Ayleth, Ellyn and I all shot up from our seats, knocking them down to the floor or back against the wall as we rushed towards the spot where Frodo once was; struggling in vain to push past many of the men, trying to follow Frodo's tiny footsteps that he left in the slight dust and grime that layered the stone floor. When he pulled the Ring off moments later he was closer to where Strider was, resting up against the foot of a table and breathing quite heavily. Strider quickly grabbed Frodo by the shoulder, sweat evident on Frodo's forehead after experiencing the horrors of the Ring, and dragged him down one of the corridors which led to the stairs; Ellyn, Alys, Ayleth and I followed close behind. Strider pushed the frightened Halfling up against a nearby wood panelled wall and said, "You draw far too much attention to yourself, Mr. 'Underhill.'" After this he turned around and carried the Hobbit up a few stairs by the back of his shirt before pushing him up the rest of the stairs and into the room that we had been renting for the last few days. "What do you want?" Questioned a spooked Frodo of Strider as I closed the door behind me, everyone else already having entered the dark, cold room. "A little more caution from you. That is no trinket you carry," I warned him, keeping my hood well on my head, masking my features from the frightened Hobbit as I turned towards him. "I carry nothing," Countered the Halfling as he backed up against the pillar of the stone fireplace which provided most of the light and very little heat for the small, yet comforting room; the rest of the light was provided by the moon, peeking through the clouds and shinning in through the slightly grimy window. "Indeed. We can avoid being seen if we wish, but to disappear entirely, that is a rare gift," Strider said, walking over to the window and putting out the flames of a few candles which rested on a sconce in the window frame with his fingers. After doing so he turned around to face us again, removing his hood from his head and revealing his ruffled, shoulder length brown hair and blue - with a tint of grey - eyes that held much wisdom and many stories of adventure and danger. "Who are you?" Frodo once again questioned and although he was looking at Strider as he spoke, the question was aimed at all who stood in the room. "Are you frightened?" Alys asked the Halfling, ignoring his question and answering his with one of her own. Her questioning brought Frodo to turn towards the four of us, standing near the closed wooden door, his only escape out of this situation he had gotten into; our hoods still drawn, our features all but hidden from his bright blue, pondering eyes. "Yes," Frodo hesitated before answering truthfully, unsure of who queried him from the four that now stood before him. "Not nearly frightened enough. We know what hunts you," Strider informed the Hobbit as he stepped closer to him, drawing the Hobbit's attention once more to him; confusion and worry all the more prominent on the poor Halflings features. Strider and Frodo held eye contact with each other before the six of us heard a commotion coming from the stairs, a commotion that only got louder as it came closer towards our room. Acting quickly, Strider turned, ripping out his sword from its scabbard and standing in front of Frodo. Alys, Ayleth, Ellyn and I follow suit and quickly draw our swords as well - faster than both the man and the Halfling could even comprehend, using speed that only Elves could muster - before positioning ourselves protectively in front of Strider and Frodo. Just as we finish readying ourselves the door to the room is thrown open and we were met by the most unlikely of foes. "Let him go! Or I'll have you, Longshanks," Sam shouted as he threw open the door, the light from the fireplace illuminating half of his face and the moon the other half, giving him an almost sinister look. Pippin and their final companion came bursting through the door after him, both with a gleam of adrenaline shining in their eyes at the prospect of a fight, a fight to save their beloved friend and cousin. Sam bravely held up his fists, while Pippin held a stool and their friend held a candelabrum as weapons to use against our swords. Seeing them as no foe, the five of us quickly sheathe our swords, doing our best to conceal the small smiles upon our faces at these Hobbits' courage. Strider spoke to Sam, "You have a stout heart, little Hobbit. But that will not save you." "You can no longer wait for the Wizard, Frodo. They are coming," I turned around and warned Frodo, and in turn the others; the light from the fireplace illuminating the left side of my face under my hood, revealing for the first time my blue eyes, my blond hair, and my natural Elven beauty.