and guarded memories that have stolen a piece of our lives. During his visits we speak openly of what frightened us the most in those days, or how we managed after our return to 'normal' lives. I must laugh because nothing was ever 'normal' again, though some chose not to acknowledge it…" I sit upon my father's bed with his journal in my lap, numb from head to toe. How could I be so blind? Kali read the signs from his father--why could I not see them in mine? Later in the afternoon, I am standing with my cousin and our sons inside the Hallows. Our fathers appear the same as they had while living, save for pallid colouring of their skin. They both lie with a fur coverlet over the lower half of their bodies. I look to the King who gives Isengar a nod. Evidently, both sets of children had planned this, because Rory brought forth his own sack filled with small gifts for Uncle Merry. I watch as Isengar places Hopper right under the crook of his grandfather's arm. I surmise that in later days, after we leave Minas Tirith, the gifts will be placed elsewhere upon the beds--not so much in the open, yet with reverence, considering the wishes of both families. As for myself, I take out a sealed envelope and slip it into the breast pocket of my father's waistcoat and pray that he somehow is aware of the contents. " My dearest Father, What can I say that would take back all of the hurt that I caused you with my untoward behaviour upon your leaving? I wish there was a way to take away all the inner pain you hid throughout the years. It seems all of your adult life, you dealt with folks who rarely welcomed your experiences, viewing them as 'unnatural', and so turned their noses at truly knowing the most wonderful person, gracious hobbit, and loving father that the Shire ever knew. For seven years, I was one of them. I hope that you can forgive me. All my love, Your foolhardy son, Faramir Took" As we walk back to my father and uncle's house, the King speaks of our fathers. "Your father was the first to pass, Kalimas," he says to my cousin. Kali does not reply, but becomes downcast as he walks beside the King. "He did not suffer," the King adds, "He died in his sleep. On the other hand," he now speaks to me and I quiver. We stop walking along the Silent Street for the privacy. "Your father was inconsolable. He wept so when he could not wake his beloved cousin, and scarcely ceased weeping all that day. He would neither eat nor leave his bed. He opened his hand to me and pointed to a scar barely noticeable, saying that they had promised each other long ago that one would not go where the other could not soon follow." I remember that scar. Kali and I both glance at one another. "During the course of the day I thought what to do about my young Knight." I see a faint smile appear on the King's countenance. "He may have been 101, but I will forever consider him as such." His grey eyes cloud over as he continued recounting the deaths of his dear pheriannath. "I sent word to the Queen and stayed the rest of the day and night with Peregrin. We hardly spoke, and wept not a little. I know not how else to explain it, but his eyes…they grew distant, far away it seemed. Pippin eventually dozed, falling deep into an exhausted slumber. I remained in the chair where I kept vigil, hoping that everything would somehow be fine, though I knew with dear Merry gone that I hoped in vain. As the stars prevailed in the night sky, I, too, began to drift off to sleep. In the early morning hours, I was jolted out of my slumber, hearing a distinct sound in Pippin's breathing. I knew that sound all too well. Not long after, I held his hand while he took his last breath. I do not know how long I sat there, still holding his hand, before I sent for those who would prepare his body for the Hallows. Feeling utterly alone after losing both of my dear companions, I walked out to the balcony as night turned to dawn. While I stood there, the strangest thing occurred, though I shall save that tale for another time." I hold Isengar in my arms as he quietly sobs, I whisper soothing words to him--and that the King's report was something I wanted to hear. I look up at the King, "So, my father succumbed to his grief at the loss of my uncle?" "That is what I believe," he answers, "Their souls were so entwined that life for one without the other could not be borne. And if Peregrin had been the first to pass on, I firmly believe that Meriadoc would have done the same. They lie beside one another because they would not be parted in life, and I would not part them in death." Just as we begin walking again, the familiar cry of the falcon can be heard not far above us. We turn round, shielding our eyes from the bright sky while the falcon alights upon the gable of the edifice where my father now rests. Kali smiles. "That's our falcon, all right. He's following us again." The King's face becomes pale. "That is the same falcon that I saw upon the balcony before your father died, Faramir. The strange thing that I said that I would speak of later." The King looks directly at me. "He has a limp, does he not?" "He does." Peregrin the Falcon cries out one last time and then takes flight; flying higher and higher toward the peak of Mount Mindolluin, never to be seen again. The End