will do," I assure her. "Thank you." "You are very welcome." She walks to the door and points to the intercom on the wall. I failed to notice it as I was too busy gawking at everything else when I walked in. "There are multiple intercoms all over the property. The yellow button here," she points, "is how you get a hold of me. Your godfather holds the button down for a few seconds so I know it's him. For you, press the button twice, so I know it's you. Any questions?" "Well, what if you're busy though? You can't be on call twenty-four-seven," I joke. "Or can you?" The assistant simply smiles. "Don't worry about that. Just call if you need me. You can reach me anywhere on the property." "Even outside?" I ask curiously. I can't imagine an intercom sitting on the side of a tree. But, after seeing what I've seen so far today, I could be wrong. Shohrae points to the black pager on her belt. "If I don't answer, you can page me. I know pagers are a thing of the past, but it still comes in handy around here. Press the pound sign on the key pad. When you hear the dial tone, dial 6-1-1-2. Once I get the page, I'll call you." "Oh," I nod at her instructions. They really did have the art of communication perfected. I'm glad because I'd rather not run around this maze of a castle to find someone or an exit outside. "Oh, and of course, the green button is your godfather's. Same instructions except if you need to page him, dial 2-1-2-5. All right?" I nod again and repeat his number in my head. "All the other buttons are labeled for your convenience." "Thanks." "I'll be going now so you can get settled in. I'll come by later to check in on you." "Okay. Oh! And by the way…could you just call me Isa? I'd prefer it that way." "Very well," she smiles again and closes the door behind her. I look closer at the intercom pad and read the labels. The labels are marked for the kitchen, the indoor and outdoor pool, exercise room, garage, and laundry room. Out of all those buttons, the kitchen is really the only one I need to remember. I have a habit of waking up in the middle of the night, hungry for a snack. Good thing that's the first location I know how to find. I turn to face my penthouse suite—as Shohrae puts it—and sigh at the overwhelming room that will be mine for the summer. There's a small antique chandelier in the middle of the ceiling that gives the room the most light. I have a queen bed inside a four-post bed frame with sheer drapes that hang down the sides; something Sleeping Beauty could sleep in while she waits for her Prince Charming. On either side of the bed are tables, each one with a lamp with an ivory marble base. Straight across is a mahogany armoire with drawers and a plasma TV inside. In the far corner is a small couch where I can sit and read in comfort. The room even comes with a coffee table and fashion magazines neatly spread out on top of it. Shohrae probably picked those thinking I'd read them from cover to cover. It's a nice thought, but I doubt I'd go through any of them. My little couch is placed perfectly near the balcony. Yes, I also have a balcony. I can sit on my couch and look out to stare at the side of the yard through the glass-tiled wooden doors. Normally, the side of a house isn't very exciting, but it would be if you were staring at a sea of flowers. The heavy drapes around the balcony door reach as high as the ceiling. They are beige and tied by thick golden ropes to hold them open. I look up and see the whole design of the glass tile reaching to the ceiling as well. I unlock the door to see what kind of view I actually have outside. I smiled at the cute little tea table set. This one is probably Thranduil's idea. It has everything you need for a tea party. I walk out farther and place my hands on the railing. The design of the balcony reminds me of a Roman layout with the thick coliseum poles. I lean forward a little more to see what part of the backyard I can see. It only seems like half of a tennis court and nothing more. I'll make it a point to venture outside when I can. Something suddenly lands on the back of my hand. Something wet. I look at my hand then up at the sky and see dark clouds forming. More drops hit my hand and soon my face. The clinking rhythm on the tea set comes at a faster speed each time the droplets touch them. I run back into my room and lock the balcony doors behind me. I did some research on the weather in this area and it isn't a good place to be if you're planning on soaking in the sun because it's supposed to be the rainy season. Terrific. I run my fingers through my hair to get some of the wet spots out. I open my luggage that Henry placed on a bench and dig through my toiletries for my hairbrush. I yawn again as I search for it. My jet-lag finally returns. The food I ate and the journey up the stairs exhausted me even more. I gave up looking for the hairbrush. There are so many pillows on the bed that I just threw most of them on the floor, not caring where they land. I crawl into the comfy bed with my hair already disheveled and drown out the rain. Author's Note: Hope you liked the first chapter. PLEASE REVIEW!