he knew that there was no chance of escape. Still the brooch of his Elven cloak he did let fall into the mist, where it'd lay not for an entirety, as after he thought, but till Aragorn would pick it up a few days away merely. The whip struck him once, as did a promise of later punishment, but Pippin could glance at Merry with a smile of reassurance for once, and had he been allowed to speak he would have told him not to worry; that he would not face a whip and things he did not want to imagine, for there was - even if but a small - chance that Strider would find them now. And Merry would smile back, the defiance still awake in his tired eyes, and Pippin could see also pride there, a pride he held not for himself. The Brandybuck was proud of his cousin instead, as Pippin realized with mirth, and he also knew then that Merry, with the gleam of fighting spirit on his face, had sparked joy and hope in him in what felt the darkest of times, and from then on Merry was both to him. But the worst part of their long journey was not the parting from the safety and peace of the fair woods of Lothlórien in the guise of Anduin, not the courageous death of Boromir in battle, and not being held captive by the gruesome orcs, no. Instead it was flying away on Shadowfax's back, clutching the horse's long mane with trembling hands and holding back tears that were coming with the uncertainty of ever laying eyes on his beloved Merry, ever hearing his steady voice or - cheerful as his name - laugh again. I shall miss him more than I miss the Shire , he thought to himself, and he was proved right, as most are in times as these. Minas Tirith, the City of Kings, was tall and proud when first he beheld it from afar, and remained it when they rode through its great gates and narrow streets. Pippin felt small there beneath the Lord Denethor's gaze, among the Big people and vast towers, and though since Rivendell there had always been creatures taller than him - be it men, Orcs or Elves - there had also always been Merry, to hold his hand and give him strength; never had they meant to part. And he felt alone as well, alone in the great city till Beregond came and spoke to him and sent him to his son, Bergil, who was but ten years of age, yet stout-hearted and even bold in the sense of brash, though not in a way that displeased Pippin, for of his own young years the lad reminded him. Still the hobbit missed his friend, and he must have mentioned Merry's name ever and anon, for Bergil at once asked who this Halfling was while they were walking through the streets (and still the name Emil i Pheriannath, prince of the Halflings could be heard whispered now and then) and Pippin was talking about Brandy Hall. "He is my cousin," Peregrin said. "And he was with me on my journey from the Shire to Rivendell, through the mines of Moria to wonderful Lórien and across the river Anduin, the wide plains of Rohan and through Fangorn Forest, yet we got parted for Gandalf, or Mithrandir as in these parts you call the wizard, took me with him on his ride to the White City." "When you speak of him I can hear in your voice that you do miss him dearly," replied the lad. "And you have gone a long way together, so why is he not here with you?" But Pippin had no answer to give, and so he merely smiled and said, "As our paths have parted, they will cross again." He wished he could be certain of what he told the boy, and he wished he could talk to Merry, hear reassuring words, know that they would see each other again. "How do you know this?" Pippin sighed, because it was true; he could not know. Even if he wanted to. "I do not. But dark times are ahead and I have learned that even in dark times. . .", he thought for a moment, ". . .above all in dark times hope must remain in our hearts." And darkness around them there was, truly. Later, on another day Pippin would tell Beregond how even the air seemed thick and brown, Gandalf would say that there would be no dawn, and right they'd be, both of them. And the hobbit would need reassurance, even if he could not seek it from Merry this time. "Is there any hope?", he asked the wizard, and though he was asking for Frodo, old Frodo whom he had not seen for such a long time, he was also asking for himself, for Merry, for Gondor, for the world. And when the answer was, "Just a fool's hope," the hobbit did not feel discouraged, as strange as it may have seemed. For Gandalf himself had deemed him a fool of a Took, and Pippin did not want to lose hope. He wanted to see his Merry again, if it meant going through war, and as long as his cousin was alive so would be his hope, he decided. He reminded himself of his own words to Bergil, words that could have been Merry's, who was wiser and braver, and who had given him hope. Yes, Pippin would see his cousin again, for his love for him went as deep as any love could, and Merry was to Pippin what he had always been and would always be most of all; his best friend. Disclaimer: I don't own the Lord of the Rings or the direct speech I have borrowed from the chapters: The Uruk-hai (book III) and The Siege of Gondor (book V). Please leave a review.