hair blowing against the wind. When she woke up, Saturday morning cartoons were on. She turned off the show and sat up thinking about the strange dream. The way the wind felt on her skin seemed so real and it gave her goose bumps. "Honey?" her mother knocked on her door. "Yeah?" "Good morning," she smiled. "Good morning." "I just wanted to see if you were okay?" she asked, looking a little concerned. "Yeah, why?" "I passed by your room last night and you fell asleep with the tv on." "Oh, sorry…" "You were also talking in your sleep, honey." "I was?! What was I saying?" "You were talking about how beautiful the sea was and calling someone, 'my love'." "What?" she gave her a baffling look and embarrassed that her mother heard her say something like that. "It also sounded like you were very sad in your dream." "That's weird." Mina was so confused. "I never talk in my sleep…" "I know, that's why I thought to ask you," her mother replied. "What was your dream about?" "Just me looking at the sea, that's all. I don't remember talking to anyone or even talking at all," she shrugged. "Maybe you just remembered the end of it?" her mother assumed. "Yeah, I guess so," she shrugged again. "Well, I thought I'd just check on you," she patted her leg, smiling. "Come down for breakfast when you're ready. Your father had some things to finish up at the office. I'm going to my palliates class and I'll be back around noon or so. Will you be okay by yourself?" Mina laughed. "Yeah, mom. You forget I used to live with you guys." For the rest of the weekend, she tried to spend as much time with her parents, watching the UW Husky game against the WSU Cougars and cheering at the tv when the Huskies won. Her parents had also gone to UW, where they met. They were big on movies as well, renting as many as they could and watching it until it was dark out. They were a very simple family at heart, enjoying things together that didn't require a lot of planning. "I'm gonna go now," Mina stretched after the last movie they watched. "I want to do some laundry before tomorrow." "Okay, sweetie," her mother stood up. "Let me pack some of the leftovers so you can bring it back with you." "Oh, by the way, dad, I've decided to go on that Europe trip with my class," she told her father. "That's good to hear, sweetheart. We'll exchange itineraries and meet somewhere in the middle." "I might spend a few days in London with my friends then I can meet up with you guys afterwards." "Okay, honey," her dad said, still focused on the tv. "Here you go," her mother handed her a bag with food wrapped in aluminum foil. "Thanks, mom," she smiled. "Go ahead and keep the tupperware, we have plenty." Mina kissed her mother and father and said good-bye. She left for campus with it still raining outside. The thing about Seattleites is that no matter how much it rained, people still didn't know how to drive it in. Even when it was sunny, it was the same thing. There was traffic everywhere. There was something about the dream she had that lingered with her. It felt like a scene from a movie. She remembered the sea looking beautiful with the sun setting over the horizon, cascading a beam of light like a pathway on its waters that she could walk on and disappear into the distance. " Soon, my love …" she heard her mind echo. Someone suddenly honked at her, startling her out of her reverie, not realizing that the traffic in her lane had finally started moving again. "This is no time to be daydreaming, Mina," she told herself. The weather outside wasn't really the ideal setting to be thinking about mysterious dreams that made no sense. "Hey, Mina!" Lily, her roommate, greeted her when she walked into the dorm room. She was drying her hair with a towel as she plopped down on her bed. "Hey, Lil," she said, taking off her wet jacket and placing it by the heater. "How was your parents this weekend?" "It was good. Oh, by the way, here's some leftovers my mom packed for you." "Aww, that's nice. Your mom is so sweet!" Lily took the brown bag from her. "Tell her I said thank you!" "Yup. Will do." "Anyways, I'm going the library to study. I'll see you later," she smiled and walked out with her umbrella. Lily Gillian was a tall girl with brown hair and hazel eyes. She also studied nonstop and was rarely in their dorm room. She was either in the library or at her boyfriend's place who graduated the year before them. Mina sighed when she looked at her laundry. She forgot to bring it to her parents because she was trying to get away from Vincent Pepper after class on Friday. Luckily, she had enough quarters to get her through her two loads of laundry. She sat there at the laundry mat watching the machine spin quietly with her clothes swirling around inside. Her mind started drifting back to the dream. She couldn't remember much of it but it was hard to forget for some reason. No dream before had made such an impact on her and she didn't understand why this one was so intriguing and was still on her mind. The machine buzzed, making her jump just like the car did earlier that honked at her during traffic. She really needed to stop letting things like that get to her. She shook off the feeling, gathered her things in her basket, and went back to her dorm. Only a two weeks left of class and then…it was off to Europe. Author's Note: So, how was the first chapter? Hope you liked it. Please review!