eyes filled with tears of joy. "Oh, Pip, that's wonderful!" he exclaimed, and scooped his cousin up into his arms giving him a gentle hug. Pippin clung to Merry, face buried in his shoulder, suddenly shy of all the attention. "You're a big lad now, Pip! Pretty soon we'll be doing all sorts of things together! I'll teach you how to swim, and how to fish, and ... " his voice died away as he caught sight of his aunt standing off to the side. She had seen everything. She did not wear a scowl, or an unpleasant expression of any sort. Her lips were quirked in a slight smile as she gazed at Merry and Pippin. The sight she had just witnessed was heart-warming, to say the least. Her son adored Merry, and Merry returned the sentiment tenfold. How could she really think that any harm would come to her youngest while in Merry's charge? She sighed. She really needed to apologize before letting Merry know what his 'punishment' was to be. "Merry, can I see you for a moment in private?" she asked. Merry eyed her suspiciously as he sat Pippin down. Whimpering slightly, Pippin reached up for Merry . "I'll be just a moment Pip. I'll be right back, all right?" "Wight back, Meh? " Pippin agreed amiably, then started crawling away to find some of his toys. Merry stepped into Paladin's study with Eglantine, fearing the worst. After shutting the door, she turned to face Merry. "Have a seat, Merry, I have a proposition for you." Merry sat down, confusion written all over his face. Eglantine smiled wryly. "Merry, I wish to apologize to you for my treatment of you. I over-reacted, and I beg your forgiveness." Merry looked at her in shock, his jaw dropped. This was the last thing that he had expected. "Of course I accept your apology, Aunt," he said, suddenly shamed. "And I was very rude to you." Merry hung his head. "I'm very sorry for how I acted." Eglantine smiled. "I know you are, Merry. I know how much you love Pippin, but that sort of behaviour towards me will not be tolerated. Do you understand me?" "Yes, Aunt Tina. But what happens now?" "Paladin has come up with a solution that I think you will be agreeable to." "Yes, Aunt," Merry grinned, confident that what his uncle had in mind would be more than fair. "I saw Pippin walk to you, Merry. You are the one he headed to first, even when all of us were there in the room. He loves and trusts you, nephew. I don't see any reason why I shouldn't as well. Mistakes are made, and lessons learned, and above all nothing bad came out of the situation. I know you are a responsible young lad, especially when it comes to Pippin. I don't mean to separate you anymore than I have to." --------------- That evening at dinner, Merry listened to his aunt's and uncle's plan of having him help with the harvest around their farm. He would also have some free time to spend with Pippin as well. This solution sat very well with Merry. He didn't mind hard work; after all, it would be something he would be doing at home anyway. All in all, things had worked out for the best. Merry spent hours with Pippin that evening before bedtime, and Pippin walked twice more ... to Merry, of course. Pimpernel was a little hurt, since she had been trying to coax him forever, but when she saw the look of joy on Merry's face when Pippin toddled to him, she squelched that feeling. Jealousy had no place in this circumstance. After all, Merry had no little brothers or sisters to dote on at home. Over the next fortnight, Merry worked very hard to prove his trustworthiness to his aunt and uncle. He was up at the break of dawn, pausing only twice during the time he was in the fields, for lunch and tea. His hard work helped the harvest come in more quickly than it ever had before. Merry had less time to spend with Pippin, but, after all, that was why it was being called a punishment. He even earned twice as much money as had been agreed upon for just watching over Pippin. Saradoc came on the day as scheduled, around noon. He was very surprised to see how sunburnt Merry was, and how muscular he had become. He wasn't told what had happened with Pippin, to save Merry from being punished a second time. He just assumed Merry had volunteered to help out while he was staying, and he heartily congratulated his son on his generosity. Merry stole a glance at Eglantine, blushing. She just smirked. Her anger had totally dissipated. As Merry was getting his bags loaded onto the cart, Pippin crawled up Merry's legs and hung on to them for dear life. He was sobbing his little heart out, for he didn't want his older cousin to leave. Gently, Merry pried Pippin's arms from his legs, and knelt down. "Pippin, I will be seeing you again very soon, don't you fear. It'll be my birthday in a little over a month, and I'll have something for you then! We will see each other ... soon ... I promise!" "Promsis?" Pippin asked. Merry smiled. "Promsis!" Merry got into the cart alongside his father. Saradoc gave him a gentle smile, and headed off home. Merry looked back, and saw Pippin waving at him from his mother's arms. Tears blurring his vision, Merry waved back. Sweet mercy, he loved that lad! Sometimes he was surprised at the depth of emotion he could feel towards someone so small. Merry had a feeling that he would always feel that way about Pippin, even though there were lads closer to his age back at Buckland. Merry somehow knew he would be looking after this one for a long time to come.