every bite. Merry told Estella about goings-on at Brandyhall, and she laughed as he described the antics of Pippin trying to steal some apples off of poor Mr. Boffin. They both knew that he would find some way to sneak a few extra coins into the apple drover's pockets in recompense for the abducted fruit – that was just the way Pippin worked. A bit of mischief was always set to right. Estella believed that Merry taught him that, but the first time she had asked him he just smiled and changed the subject away from his reputation. She smiled at the memory and kept listening as Merry's deep voice flowed over her in waves, making the spring breeze seem more still. They sat talking for hours, not knowing or caring how long they had been gone. Some hobbits would make out or spend an entire day in the other's embrace, but Merry and Estella preferred to talk with each other. Both were surprised constantly by the other's intelligence, and the sounds of the other's voice quickly became associated with the glorious sounds of the morning birds. Merry sat with his back to a tree, Estella wrapped in his arms. He loved her so much. One day, he thought, I would give anything to marry her. I would want my children to be hers. I would do anything to be hers alone. Little did he know that Estella was thinking the same thing. The food had long since disappeared, except from some apples in the bottom of the basket. Talk had died down, and the two had slowly dozed off beneath the aspen tree. Merry awoke to the feeling that something wasn't right. He glanced over to his side, where Estella was sleeping peacefully. Then he looked up, surprised to see that the sky had darkened. Clouds had gathered above them – dark clouds, heavy with rain. The air had grown thick and cold, and the ponies were pawing the earth. He tapped Estella on the shoulder. "Stel, I think we'd better be going." Opening her eyes, Estella saw the violent change in the weather and sat up, blinking. "I think you might be right," she said. Quickly they gathered up the picnic supplies and lashed them to Merry's pony. He assisted Estella up on her own, and jumped on his just as the first raindrops began to fall. Without a word they kicked their heels into their ponies' ribcages, darting forward into the quickly darkening woods. And that's when the skies opened up. The darkness came upon them like a shadow, the rain pouring down in torrents. In minutes Merry could hardly see the path in front of them, forcing them to slow down to a trot. He reached out to grab Estella's hand from where she rode next to him. Their eyes met, and Merry gave her a grin full of confidence he didn't feel. "Some spring date, eh?" he yelled over the rain, and she mustered a smile. Merry flicked the water out of his face with a toss of his hair, and peered deeper into the forest. It was another four miles to the warmth of the Bolger house, and he was already wishing he was there. It could not be helped, though, he thought realistically. Then, suddenly, a flash of lighting pierced the darkness, striking a large oak tree to their right. Estella's pony reared up in terror. Immediately Merry dashed off his own animal, throwing himself in front of the frightened beast in an effort to calm her. A blast of thunder shook the skies, and the pony's eyes rolled as she thrashed her hooves. Merry's own pony was prancing about nervously. Distracted by Estella's mount and trying not to be hit by a flailing hoof, Merry's sixth sense was aroused by a feeling of danger. Something was not right. The harsh clap of thunder hadn't stopped. It had extended for far too long, and the sound had changed. No longer was it the loud clangor of a thunderbolt – it sounded like the snapping of kindling, only a million times intensified. He looked up. The tree was falling. Shaken by the lightning strike, the massive oak – already long dead – succumbed to the force of gravity. Merry watched as it leaned towards them, almost in slow motion. Then, all of a sudden, it wasn't in slow motion any more. "Go! Run!" he screamed at the top of his lungs, slapping the quivering pony on the rump. Estella, still trying to hang on to her mount, turned and saw at the last minute what Merry was shouting for. "Merry!" she shrieked, her voice suddenly raw with fear. Once he saw Estella's mare lurch forward, Merry began running as fast as he could towards the direction she went. But he was out of time. The ancient oak plummeted to the earth, and Merry had nowhere to go. He vaguely heard Estella's scream as the trunk of the tree hit him across the right shoulder, spinning him violently to the left. He hit the mud-covered ground with a thud, and was unprepared when, a half second later, the trunk landed across his unprotected chest. A partially severed branch stub buried itself deep in his left shoulder, but he could not gather enough air in his lungs to scream at the blinding pain. Blackness drifted in his vision, and he wondered for the first time if this is what it meant to die. To Be Continued… I hope you enjoyed this, though if you didn't, that's fine too. I write for my own pleasure, so I have power beyond belief. :) I love reviews, though (especially constructive criticism), so don't be afraid to let me know what you think! Good? Bad? Ugly? Let me know! This is my first lengthy-ish fan fiction (check out my short little onceler about Thorin Oakenshield), so I really want to know how I sort out! Thanks and God bless! ~Pidge