tilted slightly on the page. She pushed her work back to him, he understood, and smiled. Despite the fact that he had not appreciated being laughed at because of his sneezing – it was so cold out, and he really should have remembered his hat, his ears were still all numb - he did like it that he could do something better than his little sister could. It was even better that she openly acknowledged it and was always asking him to draw her something. Brynne watched as Fastred bent his head over the paper, and silently hoped that they would use the pieces they had to their fullest potential. While it was inexpensive enough and could be easily bartered for, no one wanted to go out in this weather. No one, that is, except her son, who had gone and sat outside in it for thirty minutes to draw a horse. And it wasn't even a well-bred horse, not one of the horses famous to Rohan, and certainly not one of the mearas. She chuckled at the thought, then sobered. The horse was ugly, and stubborn on top of it, but somehow Fastred had managed to even convince her for several seconds that the horse was beautiful. She didn't know what it was about the sketch, was it the eyes he had given the mare? She wished she could look at it again, for when she had first seen the sketch, it was almost as if Hwesta was speaking to her from the page, or at least whickering. She wondered briefly if a little magic were involved, but dismissed the thought and replaced it with the decision that it was simply talent combined with imagination. "Look at the flowers he drew for me!" Brytta said as she skidded to a stop before her mother, the paper carefully grasped in her fist. From where he sat as the table, Fastred smiled and returned to his soup after placing the charcoal back in his pocket, despite the disapproving look Brynne sent him. Ah well, he would be the one to clean it then, she decided. She focused her attention to the paper that her daughter held out to her. On it, small flowers dotted a field, and at a first glance it was a simple view of spring from a boy who knew his sister longed for flowers to look at. But as she peered closer, Brynne trained her gaze to the mounds of earth that the flowers grew upon, and knew that he had drawn not the flowers of spring, but instead simbelmyne, which grew upon the mounds of the kings after they were buried. She looked closer still, and the sound of her daughter wiggling impatiently for her mother to give the drawing the praise it deserved faded as she became aware of the tips of swords he had drawn barely poking out from the tips of grass. Above one flower she looked to see a hoof of something – a dead horse, surely – and near it a ripped banner of Rohan, with the white horse still barely visible underneath the grass he had cleverly drawn over it. "Did you watch him draw all of this?" she asked Brytta, and the little girl shook her head. "No, I just asked him to draw me flowers and I finished my soup while he did. Even the carrots." She scrunched her nose, but then her eyes brightened again. "Aren't they pretty?" she asked, pointing to the charcoal flowers. "Yes, yes they are," Brynne replied, although she no longer looked at Brytta. Instead she watched as her son finished the last bits of his soup and ladled himself another smaller serving. Yes, she decided, he was growing older, and would soon be twelve. It was little wonder he was drawing battle scenes when he was asked to draw flowers. Yet he had not struck her as the type of lad to do so, being as withdrawn as he was. But she also knew from what the other women of the hold said that boys this age were all following the news of the darkness that was sweeping over the land with baited breath, almost, as Brynne had said the other day, as if they were hoping for war. No, she would not dwell on such thoughts. He was a boy going on twelve who simply thought about war as much as any other lad– he would not fight in it. She vowed not to think of the subject again. Besides, she consoled herself, he would not help many, would probably even be a hindrance to those around him. " Modor? " Brytta's voice interrupted her thoughts. "There's someone at the door," she explained, and Brynne quickly let the drawing fall back into the girl's eager hands. As Brytta trotted off to gaze at her newest possession, her mother lifted the latch and found herself greeted by Leofwine, a messenger whose home was beyond several holds to the south of theirs. He owned a great many horses, and while none were the sort that were bought for breeding purposes, nearly everyone knew him as the man to go to when one needed a horse for farming. "Leofwine," Brynne exclaimed, ushering the red-faced man inside at once. "We have soup here, if you'd like some, Brytta!" The girl appeared from the bedroom adjacent to the main room, the drawing still clutched in her hand. "Fetch a fresh bowl for Master Leofwine." She began to direct the man to sit, but he declined and already motioned a decline to Brytta with the bowl of soup she had made ready for him. "I'm afraid I come bearing ill news," he said, and instantly Brynne and Brytta fell silent. Fastred looked up and watched in grave attention, switching his gaze from his mother to his sister to the man who had entered and then back to his mother again, examining each reaction that the individuals made.