deepened. She moved next to Ryder, giving her an unexpected side hug. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to stir up any sad or painful memories. We can talk about something else." "No, it's okay," Ryder assured her, gently patting Emi's arm around her shoulders. She's never met anyone so friendly toward her like her new roommate was in such a short amount of time. Normally, it would be awkward to have someone she barely knew comforting her in such a way, but Emi had a nurturing aura about her that made Ryder feel at ease about opening up to her about her life. Emi finally unwrapped herself, remaining quiet at her side instead of moving back to her own bed. "My dad said he came from a long line of soldiers so it was in his blood to fight for something he believed in. He joined the army when I was about ten, so we constantly moved from place to place, not staying anywhere for more than two or three years. I've basically lived everywhere—New York, Chicago, Maine, Germany, Japan…and it was something I got used to. It was our lifestyle and my dad was a great soldier. When I was about twelve, he spent a few months in Afghanistan, which during that time I couldn't live with him because it was unsafe for a child to be in a warring country." "Did you live by yourself then?" Emi could only imagine how hard it was living alone with your only parent away at war in another country. "We were living in Maine at the time and my dad had a good friend named Gimli who I stayed with until he returned. He owned a small jewelry shop. I remember he used to let me braid his long, red beard," Ryder chuckled. Emi softly laughed, "He sounds like a kind man. I'm glad you had someone to keep you company." "Yes, he was very nice. For a stout English fellow he can be loud with his booming voice, but he was always good-natured and had a hearty laugh. It was also around that time when I met Aragorn." "Your uncle?" "My dad sent me an email about a man that was in town on business who wanted to meet me. He said he was a distant relative of my mother's." Before meeting Aragorn, neither one of her parents ever talked about him. Ryder wasn't even aware they had relatives because she never saw any of their family's pictures or even heard a relative's name in passing. She just always assumed it was the three of them and over time, never cared enough to remember to ask. She remembered that day, sitting in Gimli's living room while Aragorn explained how he was her uncle. He said he attended her mother's funeral but she was too young to remember him. He felt deeply for their loss as she was a kind person and one of his last remaining relatives, aside from her daughter. It was a brief meeting but Ryder would never forget his face. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she felt like she knew Aragorn, especially when she looked into his gray eyes. Something about his eyes reminded her of her mother. "When I finally entered high school we lived in Chicago," she continued, "and I was able to finish all four years there. My dad moved up in rank so he had more of a say so on where he wanted to be stationed and for how long. After high school, I moved to attend New York University, up until my junior year…" "Is that…when your father passed away?" Emi softy asked. "Yes. He had to go back to the Middle East and was caught in a small night raid. Aragorn came shortly thereafter to New York when he heard the news to help me deal with the military funeral held in Chicago. Because he's the only living relative I have…here I am." Losing her dad took its toll. Ryder didn't want to finish school or even think about any kind of future for herself. She was a bright young girl, always at the top of her class and getting praised by her instructors. But after Henry Grayson left her, all the motivation and hard work he instilled in his daughter crumbled. Her grades slipped, she skipped lectures and exams and barely managed to pass her classes. Aragorn offered her a change of scenery and to finish her senior year at Mirkwood University so he could look after her and get to know her better since all they have left now was each other. After she graduated, he promised to support her in whatever path she chose. She spent a week at his mansion before relocating to the campus for the new school year. Taking her hand, Emi squeezed it gently. "Again, I'm sorry for the unfortunate circumstance that brought you here, but I'm glad you're here," she smiled sympathetically. "I hope this is another fresh start for you—one filled with happy experiences that will last a lifetime." "Thank you," she half-smiled at the sincerity in her voice. Starting over for Ryder wasn't new. She'd done it plenty of times because of her father's career, but with him no longer in the picture, this time felt different. Knowing someone like Emi was around to help her adjust might just be the thing she needed to keep her head up, stay strong, and not let her father down. "Now…shall I take you on a tour?" x x x Author's Note: I just want to point out that I don't really know where army bases are located…I just listed a few places for the purpose of the story. I also wanted to start off with Ryder's background and more of it (even her name) will be revealed in the upcoming chapters. Also the background of the other characters will be explained…eventually. Hope you liked the first chapter! Please review!