get you up and jig you about and sing that song to you, which he taught to me especially to cheer you up!" "Faramir never taught you such a song!" Éowyn laughs. "That was a halfling song, or I never heard one!" "It was my idea, Lady, don't blame my fool of a cousin," Merry says. "My point, Lady, in all my tom-foolery, is that in these young ones we may celebrate even that which is lost, or thought lost to us." Pippin says. Merry, smiling, gestures to the sleeping little ones. "See in Elboron and Elfwine, the very shadows of their forebears? Why, when Elfwine laughs sometimes, I see good old Théoden King there in his eyes!" Such are halflings. I have heard many words from the wise and from the fool, but few have I heard that caused me to think on the sons of our great ones with such brightness and merriment. On this little ship are the sons of kings and princes, of lords and ladies and mighty warriors, but also the sons of the farmer, the sons of the country hall, the sons of the hills as well as the sons of the seas. For these two halflings were once young ones, as was my Lord, and my King, and Lord Faramir, and all of them, even poor Denethor. Even my father. All were little boys once. I look at these halfling heroes, Merry and Pippin, these Knights of their Realms, and it is not so hard to see them as little children. And so it is so much easier now to see in Elfwine what my Éomer was as a child. King and Husband he may be to me now, but once he was only a little boy who skinned his knees and pulled his sister's hair and said things he shouldn't say in front the very people he should not say them in front of. How imperfect, and how precious they are, each and every one, boy and man. Or lad and halfling, as the case may be. I cannot but smile to myself and give my friend a little nudge. Éowyn looks at the small knights a little more closely and nudges me gently in return. Whilst my thoughts wandered, the rocking of the ship has sent them off to dreaming as they rested against the bulkhead, their precious pipes carefully put away. Docked now at Tol Anfalas and reunited at last with my husband, I am so filled with joy I can scarce think. The great Hosting House near the quays is quiet now, but for a while all was a-bustle with everyone readying themselves to see those they had been parted from, whether for a year or a month or a fortnight or a week. Elboron actually behaves himself, and fusses over Elfwine, wanting to make sure his dear friend is looking his grandest. "I am sorry your father has to be away so much while mine does not," he says at last. "Sometimes I am a very selfish boy, Elfwine. Can you forgive me?" "Did I say I sometimes do not know what to say to the boy?" Éowyn says. She pulls her son to her for a brief embrace. "Proud has my son made me this day, Elboron," she says. "Now, Lothíriel, Elfwine, there is Éomer! Let us go and give him welcome!" "And there is Father and the King!" Elboron shouts and hops about. "Come, Mother! Soon it shall be time!" What a day it has been! Such a welcome did we give them, and how happy everyone is! But now it is time to let the King have his fun. The King wishes to see our little ship, he says, giving Faramir a knowing wink, and so we all trail back to where she is docked. There the King points out to the halflings that there are craftsmen carving a name for the little ship into her timbers: the Pheriannath. And now it is our great delight to see the realization dawn on the face of every halfling: a half-sized ship made especially for them. The honor is not lost on these small ones. They know the building of a ship, even a small one, is no mean feat. There is a great deal of ' oh, but you shouldn't have!' and ' whatever gave you the idea?' and such like when suddenly from the rear I hear it. "And I say," comes Elboron's unmistakable, assured voice, "that if you try to fight a dragon with a sword at the end of the day you shall only have a bent sword, a toasted knight and a dragon full of pish and vinegar!" " Elboron!" Faramir it is, this time. "And where did you hear that from?" "I know of only one person he could have gotten that from," Merry says grimly. And a multitude of voices call out: "Pippin!" fin notes: This story was inspired by my love of my son and his children and fueled by the song Sons Of by Jacques Brel as sung by Judy Collins. It is not their fault. The blame lies all with me. Written for LOTR Monthly Community Challenge Live Journal challenge: Write from the point of view of someone you never write write for: It doesn't get any further than Lothíriel! My elements: The color blue The number one hundred A triangle Pippin's songs are - Bed In Summer Written By: Robert Louis Stevenson Copyright Unknown And Hush! The Waves Are Rolling In- Traditional Gaelic Song Perspicacious - adj. - Having or showing penetrating mental discernment; clear-sighted. Urimë – according to the Steward's Reckoning, the eighth month of the year, following Cermië and preceding Yavannië. On the Gregorian calendar it would run from July the 23 rd to August the 21 st . Nuncheon - the name for the noonday meal in Gondor Happy Belated Birthday from me to my dear sisters of the inkwell, Pearl and Teriadoc!