tell anyone else about you or it if you don't want me to." As he spoke he noticed Wembley begin to calm down. Finally, Wembley had stopped panicking but still looked a little fearful. "You won't? Really?" Pippin's face grew serious as he realized how important this was to his new friend. "You have my word." Wembley visually relaxed with a loud breath of relief. "Oh, thank you so much. It's just…well, we Fraggles don't really go too far from Fraggle Rock. The only one who ever did was my friend Gobo's Uncle Traveling Matt. Gobo gets postcards from him sometimes and has to get past a silly creature to get them and it's very dangerous. I don't know what we'd do if he ever got caught or if the silly creature ever saw him." Pippin listened with interest. He completely understood Wembley's dilemma and nodded. "We hobbits are like that too," he said. We don't usually venture into the outside world." He thought about how it would be if people from the outside world ever came to the Shire. The hobbits wouldn't fare too well if Big People decided to come in. "Don't worry;" he assured Wembley, "I can keep your secret." "Thank you again," replied Wembley then went on to ask. "Hobbits?" "Is that what you are? I was wondering about that. You look like the silly creature in the first room that Gobo has to go into. But it's too big to fit into these tunnels and it wears things on its feet." Pippin nodded. "Yes, we're called hobbits, though from what my cousin Frodo has told me, the Big People call us haflings." Then, from his sitting position he bowed shallowly to Wembley as best he could and introduced himself. "Peregrin Took, at your service and your family's," he said, then added, "But you can call me Pippin." Wembley's eyes were wide when Pippin raised his head. "Oh wow," he pronounced breathily. "Thank you very much Pippin." "Likewise Wembley," Pippin responded. "And, I guess you could call us silly creatures as we are at many times. We're smaller than everyone else though; at least that's what I've heard from Frodo and Bilbo. So I imagine you and your friend have seen a big person." Wembley nodded in understanding. "And this is the Shire," Pippin added as an afterthought, remember Wembley's comment about a place called outer space. "Well, not this this," he gestured around the room. "This is a storage room in the Great Smials. And that's in Tuckborough, which is part of the Shire, which is part of Middle Earth." If it was even possible, Wembley's eyes got much bigger. "Wow, Outer Space is bigger than I thought it was." Pippin nodded with a chuckle. "Yes, the world seemed much smaller until I started listening to Cousin Bilbo's stories. He's really the only hobbit that's ever gone beyond the Shire. He came back with all sorts of exciting stories." "Your cousin Bilbo sounds an awful lot like Gobo's Uncle Traveling Matt," commented Wembley. "I bet he would love this. I bet Gobo would love this." Pippin drew closer to Wembley excitedly. "Well, if Matt is anything like Bilbo, I bet Gobo is something like Frodo. I-" Pippin suddenly cut off, and whipped his head to the door as a sudden pounding came from it. "Pippin, Peregrin Took, open this door," his father's voice rang out and Pippin winced as he looked over at the door, seeing it shake against the chair he'd put up. "Just a minute," he called before turning back to Wembley, who had shrunk back into the wall. "I'm sorry Wembley, I have to board this hole up." "Oh," sighed Wembley, "Does this mean I won't see you again? I-I wanted to introduce Gobo to you." Pippin thought for a moment. He was willing to keep Fraggle Rock a secret but he so wanted to know more about it. And the thought of meeting another Fraggle was too good. He smiled at a sudden conclusion. "I'll leave it loose, then, we could meet again. And with the hole covered there's no risk that someone will find out about Fraggle rock." "That would be fantastic Pippin," asserted the fraggle The banging became louder and more forceful. "Peregrin, now!" the order was very clear. "I'm coming," Pippin stalled a few seconds longer. He saw Wembley look down the tunnel then back at him as if hesitant to leave. He knew he wouldn't be able to stall much longer. "You'd better go. I'll see you…well… I'm sure we'll get a chance to meet again soon." "But we will, right?" asked Wembley "Right," was the firm response. Without any further words, both knew that the time for stalling was ending fast. Pippin got up and headed for the door and Wembley took off down the tunnel. Pippin quickly moved the chair, allowing his father admittance into the room. The result was instantaneous. "What in the Shire have you been doing in here Pippin and why was the door block?" "Working da'" Pippin replied, "and I blocked the door so that I wouldn't be bothered." It wasn't really a lie, he was getting ready to work and he didn't want to be disturbed. Paladin looked around the room and other than the untouched pile of wood by the wall, nothing seemed amiss. "Well," he declared, "The sooner you get that wall fixed the sooner you can get out of here so get on it." "Yes sir," Pippin answered obediently. His father left and Pippin went back over to the wall. "Wembley?" he called experimentally. "When he received no answer he assumed that his new friend had gone back to Fraggle Rock and could no longer hear him. Sighing, Pippin turned to the pile of wood and began his work, planning a quick way to open it again and hoping that his first meeting with a new friend wasn't his last. Please review but I'd appreciate no flames