floor with a thump. Still smiling with a cheerfulness she hadn t felt before she rushed towards the room, only to be stopped by a now familiar gentle hand and lilting laugh. She was about to turn around towards the Host when she felt the hand secure her and then reach towards her neck. A moment later she felt the black smock flutter down around her to the floor. She grinned with embarrassment at the Host. "Oops" she laughed. The Host once again said nothing except gesture towards the door. She got the hint and quickly ran towards the door, finding it to be locked she waited until the Host came over and slid a white card in between the door. As she pulled it out Mia noticed that it had three circles there that weren t there before, and one of them was glowing black. She reached out to touch one, but the Host pulled it back before her hand could reach it. "It unlocks a new place from one door, a transporter as some would call it. This one leads to three different rooms." She started, surprised to hear the Host finally speak, having only heard her speak once in the entire three hours she had been there. She looked towards the door in amazement, wondering it what the Host said was really true. It was the same door she had come through to get to this room, when she stepped through it again would it not be the same narrow hallway Colonel Jar had brought them to? Her question was answered when the door oddly opened up by itself and the room she faced was certainly not a hallway. In the center of the room stood the other five of the children she had came here with along with the other five Hosts. All sitting on either coaches or plush love chairs, a colorful throw rug depicting two white and black dragons facing of in a fiery battle of light and shadow lay in front of them. "Mia! You look so different." Mia blinked at the odd girl before her, and then slowly a smile crept its way up onto her face. Shani. "I feel different. She said still grinning. And you say that I look different, what about you?" Dark brown eyes stared out of a once stunningly beautiful face, no longer was there a piercing violet gaze or a fountain of golden curls. Now stood a regular young and messy seven year old, eyes bright and voice squeaky, hair still curly blonde but also frizzy. She noticed a similar change in the others to, there faces happy that they would no longer have to endure the horror of sharing a face with a MS, a face that had never truly fit them. Mia ran over to the other girl and wrapped her arms around her, her superior strength allowing her to lift the other extraordinarily light girl and spin her around. They laughed as they fell on the rug, the others joining in a second latter a tangle of limbs as they wrestled each other on the soft rug. Nearly ten minutes of nonstop tickling and laughing later, and they were all settled onto there backs, exhausted. They stared up at the wooden beams that held the vaulted ceiling up, the warmth of the fire at there feet spreading a lull over the now quiet room. Mia seemed to feel something then for all of her companions, a bond one could say, like she understood every one of them to there very bones. Even those she had never met before. She looked at Shani, and knew that she felt the same thing as she. The peace, unfortunately, didn t last as all things never do and their Hosts hurried them up. Together they stood in a single row in front of them, and like before spoke together. "Welcome to House 2. To the right there are the first, second, and third Quarters. And to the left fourth, fifth, and sixth." At this they stopped and simultaneously took out a large and very full, waist pouch. Mia looked at them oddly. Where the heck had those come from? She shook her head; there were certainly many things she had yet to uncover about MSA headquarters. Like how someone could have SIX identical children. That must have been seriously painful. "These hold all of the necessary cards that you will need in order to get around MSA headquarters; you can use any door to get to any place. The only thing is, there isn t one to get back to this room, so you ll have to make your way here by foot. Or transport to your Quarters." As they came up to them and handed each individual a pouch they also handed them a map. Which also came out of nowhere. Mia took hers, un-zippering the pouch to see all of the cards neatly placed in individual pockets. They also had labels on them, she noticed. Kitchen, Dining hall, Grand hall, Training Grounds, Simulation room, Bathes, Armory, Lab, Academy they went on and on and on. Mia stopped reading through them when the Hosts bowed again. She watched in awe as there figures twitched and then slowly melded together into one. She smiled at them bade them farewell. "We hope you enjoy your House, and settle in well. Good day." And then, turning around and sliding her card through the door, she quickly left to go do whatever she usually did. Mia saw a quick glance of a large high ceilinged room full of desks before she walked through and shut the door, and thought she must be a teacher. She would probably be her teacher someday. A/N: so, the first few chapters will be written pretty crappily, but please bare with it as they will get better after the second chapter. I wrote this first chapter a long time ago so its not very good...