that now, if you please," Sam answered. "Now, that ain't near enough, sir." "Are you sure?" Merry looked doubtful. "Your cousin needs lots of it, to break up the cold. Put it all in." "If you say so," Merry said. "Now let's get these onions in there," Frodo added, dropping the cut up onions into the pot as Sam sliced the remainder. Just then Boromir joined them. He leaned over the pot and inhaled deeply. "This smells wonderful," he said. "How is Legolas?" Frodo asked. "He shall be fine," Boromir said. "Perhaps he shall be more careful about hunting with Aragorn from now on. He did not count on a man being able to throw the net that quickly, so one of the weights has blacked his eye. In truth, his dignity suffers more than anything else. 'Tis naught that a cold wet cloth will not remedy, though the bruise shall show for a day or so. But elves mend quickly, I hear, and Aragorn has herbs to keep the swelling down and fade the bruise swiftly. As for his dignity, that soup smells good enough to soothe his ruffled feathers. Have you added the pepper yet?" "All I had, I fear," Sam said. "I'm sure it ain't enough, though." "You needn't look so beset, Sam," Boromir said. "I have some pepper. I warn you, it is very hot pepper. The seeds came from far south of Harad. The Swertings fancy very spicy foods, and their peppers are the hottest I know of." "That would be wonderful, Mister Boromir, sir," Sam said, his face brightening. Boromir pulled a silver chain necklace over his head. On the end dangled a small container. He opened the box and took a generous pinch of peppers from the box, crumbling them into the soup. "That should do," he nodded. "I must wash my hands now, lest I forget and rub my eyes. That is what we do when we must stand watch for long hours, after no sleep. We rub our fingertips in the peppers, and then rub our eyes. 'Tis painful…but once done, one need not fear sleeping on watch!" Well, one thing is certain, Pippin thought, I shan't be offering my services as a soldier of Gondor - ever! He rolled over to doze a little longer until the soup was ready. Merry shook him awake, and after settling Pippin comfortably upright, he handed Pippin a bowl of steaming soup. "Go on," Merry said. "Since you're sick, you get extra." Pippin raised the bowl and sniffed. It wasn't quite like chicken, but close enough. He took a spoonful and swallowed. He exhaled forcefully. "Oh! That is hot!" "I'm sorry," Merry said. "I'll set it aside and let it cool." "No, Merry, not that kind of hot," Pippin said, pulling the bowl close possessively. "It's spicy-hot, not boiling hot. And I like it!" He took another greedy spoonful, and soon the bowl was empty. Merry fetched him another, then went to get one for himself. Soon all the remaining Walkers huddled around Pippin and the soup bubbling over the little fire. From time to time, one or the other would mop his brow with the back of a hand, but all ate heartily, for there had been enough for all to eat their fill. As Sam collected the empty bowls he asked, "Mister Boromir, them peppers, what kind are they?" "We call them Dragon's Breath," he replied. "You are a gardener, are you not?" "That I am," Sam beamed. "Well, then," Boromir once again fished the little box out on the silver necklace. "I have some of the seeds, if you'd like to have them." "Now, that's just fine," Sam smiled. "Why, thank you so very much, Mister Boromir, sir." "May you find them fruitful, Master Gamgee, sir," Boromir grinned. Years later, Sam would serve chicken soup to his sick children seasoned with Dragon's Breath peppers, for he knew first-hand the good of them, for Pippin, just as he had said, was soon right enough. Each time, he would retell the story of how the Took and Thain had fallen ill in the Wild, and how he had been made better by the soup with the very hot peppers. He would sing them to sleep, as well. But he could never sing the sad song that he had learned from Boromir. Instead, he sang another, not of his own making, but one that Pippin himself had composed on the third anniversary of Boromir's fall, and in later years sang to his own little Faramir: " Tell me the tales that to me were so dear, Long, long ago, long, long ago, Sing me the songs I delighted to hear, Long, long ago, long ago, Now you are come all my grief is removed, Let me forget that so long you have roved. Let me believe that you love as you loved, Long, long ago, long ago. "Do you remember the paths where we met? Long, long ago, long, long ago. Ah, yes, you told me you'd never forget, Long, long ago, long ago. Your sweet words made my fears seem absurd Dear, when you spoke, giving strength to each word. Still my heart treasures the phrases I heard, Long, long ago, long ago. "Tho' by your kindness my fond hopes were raised, Long, long ago, long, long ago. You by more eloquent lips have been praised, Long, long ago, long, long ago, But, by long absence your truth has been tried, Still to your accents I listen with pride, Blessed as I was when I walked at your side. Long, long ago, long ago." It was a good song, penned with fond memories, as warm, as nourishing and as healing as the soup, which had been put together, ingredient by ingredient, by the members of the Fellowship. And like the soup, the most healing and most important ingredient of all was, in the end, the simple but vital ingredient known as love. finis