she needs an assassin," Tauriel whispered with an awkward glance at Abby and Spalko as they waited for the couple to finish their quiet conversation. Eowyn shook her head. "We like it here. We can't just give up on NCIS to go off and hunt Sues." "That's what I told her. She claims Galadriel sent her to recruit a hit man. But I thought that since Ziva's about to leave anyway in canon, we could get her in on it." "What makes you think we could send Ziva to Lothlorien as a hired assassin?" "Well for one it would be more interesting for her then being tossed from the fic. Also-" Tauriel caught her breath as a brilliant idea graced her mind. "Celeborn's a robot. He's like movieverse but worse." Her voice had grown even lower. Eowyn grimaced. "What does that have to do with anything? Plus, I thought you said he was a purist." "He's a robot purist. Canon Celeborn's in Valinor with Canon Galadriel living it up." Her lips spread into a grin- the same grin Spalko had greeted her with earlier. "This is Parody Galadriel we're talking about. And Ziva David. Come on, I would totally ship them. That would be the best crossover OTP in the relatively short history of pop culture fanfic slash." Eowyn's jaw clenched. "No," she hissed roughly. "Not this again. Don't you remember what happened the last time you played matchmaker and set two people up to fall in love?" "Hmm, let me think," Tauriel said sarcastically. "Oh, now I remember." She held up her hands, counting her fingers as she spoke. "A wedding- no, make that two weddings, four resolutions of sexual tension. Five, if you count the Faramirs. A fake pregnancy, a real pregnancy, and the death of the most infamous Mary Sue that ever lived. Pretty successful, if you add it all up." Eowyn rolled her eyes exasperatedly. "I'll talk to Ziva. But don't think you'll be able to set her up with Galadriel, even if she accepts this job." A smile splitting her face ear to ear, Tauriel turned to Colonel Spalko. "We think we can get you that assassin," she said. Behind her, Abby pouted. "You mean you weren't just here to visit me and bring me caffeine?" She seemed a bit crushed. "Also, what did you mean by 'assassin?'" Biting her lip, Tauriel looked desperately between Eowyn and Spalko, who seemed to take the cue, and clutched her belly in pain. "Oh, my water broke," she groaned. Tauriel acted immediately. "We'll just be leaving now." She dipped her head to Abby, who just nodded, her face morphing into an expression of the utmost concern. Relieved, Eowyn and Tauriel departed. "Get some sleep, Abby," Eowyn called over her shoulder at the scientist as the door closed behind them. Back in the safety of the empty bullpen, Tauriel released a sigh of relief. "That was an interesting encounter." She turned to Spalko. "Quick thinking. You could use that excuse to get out of a lot of awkward situations." The look Spalko gave them in that moment could have put Gibbs to shame in the interrogation room. "That-" she started to say, but was interrupted as the door opened to reveal none other than Haldir the Marchwarden, dressed in a tweed jacket and cap that looked like it could have come from Professor Tolkien himself. "Hide me," Spalko demanded immediately. "He can't know I'm here; we'll be bickering for weeks over my safety." She looked more tense than she should have as she crept beneath Eowyn's desk. "This isn't like her," muttered Eowyn suspiciously. She caught sight of Haldir and his outfit at once. "Welcome to the 21st Century," she called out, and he approached them. "Thank the Valar," he said, relieved. "I had to find you quickly. Lady Galadriel sent me to find an assassin, and we hoped you might know someone." Tauriel and Eowyn shared a look. "We thought she sent someone else," said Eowyn, trying to keep her tone even. Haldir pursed his lips. "I'm her Marchwarden. Who else would she send?" There was a harsh groan and mutter of 'damn the Valar,' from beneath the desk. "Is that-" Haldir pointed, confused. "Spalko," confirmed Tauriel. "Thank you for such loyalty," Spalko drawled cynically, still crouched beneath the desk. "You know it isn't like you to hide from people." "Only when they turn out to be right," she replied in a strained voice. "That if I left Lothlorien I would go into labor at the most inconvenient time possible. You know I can't act; I wasn't exactly pulling one over Abby's head in the lab. Now I get to go through contractions while the great Marchwarden here rubs it in my face that he was right." "I thought you said you still had a week, and that Galadriel sent you on official business," Tauriel cried indignantly. "Half-truths," Spalko muttered sheepishly, creeping out from the desk and standing up, with some pained effort, while still trying to appear dignified and authoritative. "Technically, it was Haldir's assignment. And as for the whole 'I have a week thing,' I made that up on the spot. In my defense, the rate of captured Sues was going down as they fanned out, and I got bored." "Clearly," mumbled Eowyn. "Now where's a damn midwife?" Spalko demanded. "Er…" Tauriel scratched the back of her neck. "We can call an ambulance and they can take you to a hospital and pump you with morphine?" Spalko stopped to consider her options. Loud, flashing vehicle and hospital that would feel to her like quarantine, or fic-jumping back to Middle Earth while having strong contractions. "You know what?" She clenched her jaw. "Just take me back to Lothlorien." Well, I hope you enjoyed that. I will now be off planning my companion story. And yes, you can expect Ziva to make an appearance. The story will be something like Galadriel's Field Guide to Mary Sues. Happy fan-ficcing!