he took in the Steward's words. "Ithilien has a Prince and needs no other," he averred. "What is it the Rangers call you? Lord of Henneth Ann没n?" Boromir settled back into his chair, smiling up at his friend. "Aye." Legolas perched on the edge of the table, and Boromir could feel his sharp eyes fixed upon him. "What are you doing, Boromir? You are all over black splotches and, unless my eyes are failing, you have bits of feather in your beard." Boromir sighed yet again and ran a hand over his chin in embarrassment. It was not beyond the realm of possibility that Legolas was teasing him about the feathers in his beard, but that was unlikely, and Boromir had to control the impulse to rub his sleeve over his face in a bid to get it clean. Instead, he dropped his hand and laughed at his own folly. "I am writing a letter." "Does Gil not write your letters for you?" "Aye, but I wanted to pen this one myself. I had hoped it would mean more, in my own hand." He brushed his fingertips across the table top, until he found the sheet of parchment. Then he pushed it toward Legolas. The Elf lifted the paper and fell quiet as he tried to decipher the writing upon it. Boromir waited, his face heating with chagrin, until he heard the rustle of parchment against wood again. "To Merry?" "Aye." "He won't get past the second word, I fear." Again, he felt keen, elvish eyes upon him. "It was a good thought, Boromir, but you will soften Merry's heart the quicker if he can actually read your words." "Did you travel all the way from Ithilien to tell me what I already know?" The Elf laughed. "Nay, but to save the hapless Merry from confusion and despair." Boromir brightened visibly. "Will you carry my apologies to him in person?" "Not I, unless the Halfling can hear me calling all the way from Gondor!" "I thought you were going with Aragorn." "I meant to ride with him, as far as Aglarond at the least, but I have changed my mind." A sudden, unpleasant thought occurred to Boromir at the Elf's innocent words, and he demanded, in a tone of deep suspicion, "And why, pray tell, will you do that?" "I have much to do here," he answered, placidly. "More of my people arrive in Ithilien every day, and it falls to me to make them welcome. Then there is the garden at Emyn Arnen..." "Aragorn told you to stay," Boromir growled, cutting him off. "To what purpose?" "He has set you to watch me." Legolas chuckled, causing Boromir's scowl to deepen. "What folly is this? Aragorn would do nothing so ignoble, or so needless, and he would not enlist my aid if he did." "Hah! Why then did you seek me out today?" "To tell you that I am to remain in Gondor and would bear you company in the long months ahead. The time may weigh less heavily upon you, if you escape to Henneth Ann没n, now and then, for a bit of Elvish hospitality." "A nursemaid," Boromir growled, with a certain bitter satisfaction. "Legolas of the Elves is turned nursemaid." The Elf laughed outright. "Boromir, there are times when I wonder why anyone bears with your crotchets! Churlish Man!" "Secretive, smooth-tongued Elf!" "I am all of that and more. I am your friend, and I had foolishly thought you would be glad of my companionship." Boromir said nothing to this, but his silence was thoughtful rather than hostile, and Legolas went on persuasively, "'Tis little enough chance we have to ride together, hunt together, sit together and talk of our homes and our people. Do you remember the promise I made to teach you archery?" "Aye." "The woods of Ithilien are full of game in the summer and autumn. And the table at Henneth Ann没n is always laid for guests." "Smooth-tongued Elf," Boromir murmured, a smile tugging at his lips. "And mayhap, when you tire of Elvish company, you will ride with me to Aglarond to try the hospitality of the Dwarves." "Gimli has tried many times to lure me into his glittering caves," he mused. Then he fixed Legolas with the steady regard that many found so unnerving in a blind man but that seemed to trouble the Elf not at all, and asked, "But who will plead my cause to Merry, if you do not?" "Make your own apologies, my friend. They cannot fail to move the Halfling. And I will undertake to put them down in a fair hand for you." Boromir's face lightened with relief. "Would you? In truth, Legolas, I have been cursing myself for a fool this hour past and wishing for a handy scribe." "There are no better scribes in all Middle-earth than the Elves!" "And no more modest ones," he retorted, dryly. "I pray you, Master Scribe, to work! I must be done with this before a horde of servants descends upon me again!" "As you wish, my lord Steward." The Elf's pen flew as swiftly as Boromir's thoughts, and the letter was done in only a few minutes. Legolas placed it in front of Boromir and guided his pen to the bottom of the parchment sheet, where the Steward scrawled a slightly crooked, but perfectly legible signature. Then Legolas dusted the flowing lines with sand and rolled it into a neat scroll. Among the collection of tools on the desk was a copy of Boromir's seal - the horn and stars of An贸rien - so the Elf sealed the parchment with a circle of purple-black wax and fixed the Prince's device in it. "'Tis done," he announced. Boromir held out his hand for the letter and turned it over in his fingers, his face thoughtful. "Will it serve, do you think?" He felt the Elf's long fingers close around his forearm, squeezing gently. "It will serve." To be continued...