I suppose the momentum of a hundred and forty pound woman hurtling into him at full force was enough to knock him on his backside. Unfortunately, he took me with him. "Son of a—!" The curse ended abruptly as I flew head over heels and landed roughly on my back, the air leaving my lungs in a great ' whoosh.' My initial reaction was to curl onto my side and cough as the wind had been knocked from my lungs. Even so, I was still very much aware of the flurry of activity around me. There was the pounding of many footsteps and exclamations in "Elvish," followed by a grunt as the man I had tackled rose. Then someone crouched beside me and a firm, yet gentle hand gripped my shoulder before it forced me onto my back. I still struggled to draw a breath, but I managed to pry my clenched eyes open. "Gah—" His face was only inches from mine, his sea-gray eyes clouded with what might have been concern, and my mind immediately registered his supposed identity. Aragorn, son of Arathorn, heir of Isildur; Estel; Thorongil; Elessar…whatever. "Get away from me!" I yelled. "Aragorn" sat back at my abrupt demand, but he didn't move from my side. Well, if he wasn't going to move, then I was, wheezing lungs be damned. Scrambling up, I pitched myself backwards in terror. "Aragorn" seemed startled by my actions, as though I shouldn't have been at all frightened by him. I guess that, in his mind, he hadn't done me any harm. I myself had to admit that he hadn't really (if one disregarded the faint ache in my chest) but, of course, that assertion did little to assuage me. "Get away! Don't come anywhere near me, you freak!" My backwards flight came to an unexpected halt when I slammed into something—someone's legs, I realized—and I raised wide eyes to stare up at a second raven-haired man. It was then that the extent of my current position dawned on me and, as I gazed into his hardened face, my blood ran cold. I was surrounded. Trapped. My only escape was now blocked by a stout little creature clad in rust-colored armor and armed with a lethal-looking axe. Gimli. With a speed and grace that surprised me, I sprang to my feet. Staring wildly at the beings that encircled me, I took a step back, even though I knew there was nowhere to flee, and cried, "Stay away from me!" "I'm afraid we cannot do that," explained "Gandalf," striding towards me, and, with horror, I realized that I was rooted to the spot. "You have shown yourself a threat to our purposes." I met brilliant blue eyes and quelled. "A threat?" I cursed silently as my voice cracked. "Aye." He nodded and turned towards "Aragorn." "Bind her hands." "Bind my...but I'm—" I was immediately cut off by a piercing stare. Expression grim, "Aragorn" moved forward, carrying a length of rope he had produced from the folds of his ragged cloak. I still can't believe I even considered what I did next, but, by that point, the fight or flight instinct had kicked in. Flight, I knew, was no longer an option. Thus, marveling at my total disregard for life, I tightened my fists and slid into a fighting stance. "Aragorn" paused and just stared at me. He looked as though I had struck him, though I hadn't budged, but his expression slowly melted into something far more antagonizing than alarm. Much to my consternation, a slight smile broke out over his weathered features. "Ah, lassie," "Gimli" called out to me. "Watch yourself. You deal with more than just a man." Ah, what the hell? I had nothing to lose. Why not bait the little bugger? At least my last few minutes would prove entertaining. "Indeed," I replied with a sideways glance. "I suppose you refer to yourself and that little hatchet of yours?" Okay, perhaps taunting him wasn't the wisest thing to do? The "little bugger," as I so blithely referred to him, tightened his grip on his axe's handle and spat a curse at me. I arched an eyebrow at his behavior and, casting him a droll smirk, said, "Charming." A throat clearing drew my attention back to "Aragorn," who stood across from me, the rope still clenched in his hands. He took a few steps forward and gave me a meaningful look, but I remained as I was and watched him warily. If he thought I was going to go quietly, he had quite another thing coming. Alas, Fate had other ideas and, before I could so much as blink, something slammed into the back of my skull and everything went black. A/N: When I started this story, I had no idea that I would receive the response that it has generated. A Road Less Traveled began as a half-finished ficlet in an abandoned notebook that a friend of mine stumbled across while the two of us were clearing out some junk in my closet. She found the scribble rather funny and when I read it (I'd completely forgotten I'd even written the thing) I did as well and, so, I decided to clean it up and post it. After that, I made it my mission to write a story featuring an original character that was as realistic as possible. Since that point, this fic has seen several revisions and a two year hiatus in which I despaired of ever finishing the story that I had once so enjoyed writing. I have since returned and hope to finish this fic and its accompanying side stories and interludes in due time. I must warn you, though, that I am very slow to update and tend to post in random spurts—that is, a chapter or two at a time and often with weeks (or months) in between. Just bear with me. Chapter originally posted on : 9/16/2006 Revised: 3/20/2012 Later, folks, Wake