her head at his leg, siphoning out the last of the lethal waters. Those in the hall were busied with drink and merriment. Their joyful din could be heard at the base of Rohan, where the field grass swayed in the nighttime breezes. Théoden King noticed the absence of his sister-daughter, whispering word to Éomer to trail her to the West Hall; the lair of Gríma. The ireful General took the task all too willingly. He strode quickly into the hall, whose walls danced with the flames of torches. His nose wrinkled as a dog's might at smelling something unsettling. He arrived at the door to the Worm's quarters. It was opened. His brow furrowed deeply when he entered. His heart nearly burst within his chest. His sister, fair Éowyn of Rohan, whose golden locks trailed down her arched back with a breath of completion and who sat before the pale Worm, the despicable man, looking rather pleased with himself. "What... treason is this ?!" he roared, grabbing Gríma by the collar of his dark underclothing. He held the grey-skinned man to his nose, which released hot fumes of hatred. "Éomer! Release him!" she fought, touching his arm aggressively. "You have ventured too far on the forbidden land, Worm. I shall name my sword the bird who will snatch your life from the damp ground and consume it!" Éomer's rage was like none before. "Brother! Stop this! His wound is deep. I do not stand in defense for him-" Éowyn attempted. "Then why do you speak!" was the outraged reply. "He vouched for my life, brother. It was Gríma who slew the orc-beast, not I. You knew this to be true. You saw him emerge from beneath the creature and do not deny it under pain of my blade!" Éowyn watched with cold, pleased eyes when the Wormtongue was dropped to the floor. She glared at her brother, whose gaze was as hard as the stone holding up Meduseld. Her lips pursed before she spoke again. "His daggers hold poisons within their tip, and when he slew the beast, he fell on one. I came to fetch him as desired by Théoden King to join the feast this night, and had I not siphoned the poisons from his body, there would be no Counselor left for you to hate," she explained, her tone remaining venomous. "You speak of my hate, but tell me; what of yours? Have your feelings towards this—this coward wavered toward the better because he has kept your life?" Éomer squared his shoulders, standing tall over the black ball at her feet that was Wormtongue. A moment of silence passed over the trio. Éowyn glanced surreptitiously at the man whose face, though she could hardly tell, had colored up some in the mere moments that she had driven the dirtied blood from his veins. She looked to her brother, stepping over the adviser. "No." Such a single word could have brought his doom, thought Gríma. He had never felt so defeated. Not even as she extended her hand for him to take and his cloak for him to don to the feast did replenish his smug feelings previous. "We join Théoden King at the feast," she said, matter-of-fact, with Éomer walking a cautious foot ahead of them to the doorway. Éowyn leaned towards Gríma in that moment, muttering, "If you speak a word of this, I will have you fall on your daggers again, but if you choose to live, you must bleed yourself dry." With a swish of her golden locks, she vanished from the room. Her brother followed after casting the beaten counselman a look of victorious loathing. Gríma attended the feast silently, watching as the one he treasured most danced merrily among the men of the guard. His hatred towards Éomer festered like a boil on an old man's back; soon it might explode, and the ending result could wind up being dire. But for the moment, he watched without word behind his King's throne, just another shadow in the dusk of the eve. For a brief moment, his eyes met Éowyn's; azure blue against steely cold grey. She knew that she owed him two favors. Two chances to call on her as he saw fit, and she was to oblige. He knew that he had those chances then. His mind wrestled with using them against her to finally obtain what he wanted; to finally be able to taste her fair flesh under his tongue without worry of her striking out or anyone interfering, to be able to claim her virginity over her and to hold his form with hers in a cocoon of animal furs. How he longed for it. His tongue traced the outline of his thin lips greedily, but his expression turned to shame of himself. He could not disgrace her. Not after what she had done for him. She had taken the poison, kept it from reaching his heart. She had managed to do that in more ways than one. He made forth an oath at that very moment from within the shadow of the King's throne. He vowed to aid Rohan with his words, to lead the King in decision-making to benefit the kingdom. He would bite back his foul, tricksey words. He was going to become a Pure of Tongue yet again, just as he was when he was younger; back when he had seen his Éowyn for the first time, frolicking in the court garden with flowers in her hair. Author's Note: Thank you for all who have read so far. As you can tell, this is somewhat in an Alternate Universe; Théoden isn't a tottering old man and Éomer is a bit more of a protective brother and less of an asshole. Aah... This is written, somewhat, for a one Auri Mynonys (and it still is!). I'm sure she gets many Griowyn fiction dedications, but... Oh well. I hope that my words will continue to please.