empty, surely he would not be in his rooms. It was worth a try at least. Arriving at his door she tapped lightly. Success, she could hear the light shuffling of feet approaching the door. The door opened and there he stood in all his dark glory. After what had happened she was seeing him in a different light, he was no longer a teacher, now he was a lover, partner, soul mate even. After he raised from his small bow she couldn't resist and threw herself into his arms. He only hesitated a split second before his arms wound round her and held her tight to his strong chest, burying his head in her hair. This was where she wanted to be, no doubt about it. She brought he mouth closer to his neck so her breath grazed over his ear, she loved the reaction she got as a deep groan left his lips and a shudder wracked his whole body. She whispered her words in his ear continuing the sensations for him. "I love you too Erestor. I think I did ever since I saw you that first evening at dinner." Erestor couldn't believe this was happening, first he meets this beautiful, enigmatic woman and falls in love, then he finds out those feelings are returned. This was the happiest day of his life. "I can't believe you feel the same way, although I do have a confession. I have never been with another, so if I do something wrong….." He was silenced by Eliza's finger on his lips. "I also have a confession, I have never been with another. So if you do something wrong neither of us will know." The arms around her tightened further, if that was possible, from her admission. She was brought out of her blissful state by Erestor pulling away slightly to look at her. He seemed almost shy, it was a very cute look, to see someone so tall and strong become shy. "Eliza will you bind with me, will you be mine for all eternity?" She could feel tears well up in her yes. "Nothing would please me more than to be yours until the end of days, my Erestor." Erestor could not believe this beautiful creature in front of him was willing to bind herself to him. An hour later found them on Erestor's bed laying on pure onyx black sheets in each others arms calling out the others name. Neither of them had ever felt anything this exquisite before, it was pure bliss. Just before they reached their peak they vowed to bind themselves to the other for all eternity no matter what lay ahead or where it might take them. As they finally reached their climax they both shed a tear of joy and a golden glow surrounded the pair. Before long sleep claimed them while curled up in each others arms. In the morning after Eliza had gone to bathe in her rooms Erestor quickly made his way to Elrond's rooms, he urgently needed to talk to him, he was sure the golden glow that surrounded them last night was normal. After being allowed into Elrond's rooms and making himself comfortable he began explaining what happened last night with a few blushes here and there. Elrond thought over what was said for several minutes before answering his friend. "So you both said you loved each other?" Erestor nodded, "And you bound yourselves together?" Another nod. "And you both were untouched?" With a bright blush Erestor nodded again. "This has only happened a few times and only happens to truly blessed couples. As you were both still untouched and bonded yourselves to your soul mate the Valar have blessed you both. They have given Eliza the chance to become immortal, to become Elf kind so you both can be together forever." Hearing this Erestor's head fell into his hands as he began to cry, Elrond knew they were tears of joy, he joined Erestor on the sofa and allowed his Counsellor and friend to cry on his shoulder. Just as Erestor had composed himself Eliza burst through the door and into the room. She swept her hair aside and pointed to her ears. "What are these?" Her voice was slightly raised, more with worry than anger. Erestor leapt to his feet and went to inspect the ears in question. "It is true, you were correct Elrond." Eliza got a bit more worried, what was happening to her. "Correct about what? What is happening to me?" The question was directed at Elrond. He explained about the Valar blessing Erestor and herself, that they had given her a choice to stay mortal or become Elf kind, during their binding she had subconsciously answered and they had honoured her wish, that was the glowing light and they had turned her into and Elf. Now Erestor and herself could really be together for all time. Neither of them could believe it, that they had been given such a wonderful gift. Six months later an official ceremony was held marrying the couple and making their bond to each other official. Glorfindel, Elrohir and Elladan were so happy for them, they both deserved to be happy. Being with Eliza and his soul mate definitely cheered Erestor up and made him a lot more laid back. He had actually had quite the mischievous streak hiding under his serious exterior, it was enough to rival Glorfindel and the twins. Erestor and Eliza would make a good pair when it came to playing pranks on Glorfindel and the twins, and Erestor had a lot of year's worth of pranks to make up for. This would certainly make Rivendell more interesting and cause an immense amount of chaos, but every one was happy so who could complain. Try saying that in a century or two. I hope you like it. It has sat on my computer for a while and I finally decided to publish it ^_^