sit up again, he rubbed his neck and glared at his cousin, hoping a guilt trip might prevent a future similar incident. "It's something about not being bound to loss and silence and such. Cheery enough, I gather. Pity the song itself is so sad." Merry wisely kept it to himself that more or less all hobbit songs were concerned with drinking and farming, so anything more dire than a devastated crop or a spilled beer mug would seem depressing to them. Instead, he sighed and wordlessly handed over the pipe, which Pippin took without a moment's hesitation. Merry watched him as he closed his eyes and took a deep drag from it, then pursed his lips and vainly tried to create anything but the glob of smoke that appeared. "I wonder how Gandalf does that," he muttered to himself, watching the thin trails of smoke waft through the air and eventually dissipate. "Or Bilbo, for that matter. I shall have to ask one of them some day." An owl flew overhead, a branch creaking somewhere nearby under its weight when it landed. Pippin narrowed his eyes and strained in the darkness to see it, then gave up when the owl was consumed by the blackness of the woods. "I always wanted a younger brother," Merry offered quietly, watching his toes work the grass. "Or a younger sister, but most especially a younger brother. Then you came along, which was close enough. I mean, yes, Frodo and I were quite close then, but he's so much older than I am. I wanted someone closer to my age so that we could play together and get in trouble together and just, just do things that young hobbits do. By the time I decided that was what I wanted Frodo was already old enough to know better. "You were so very small and sickly when you were born . . . I promised Auntie Eg that I'd take special care of you. They didn't even like us playing together when we would visit each other because you got sick so easily. The only way I could even get your parents to trust me to take you places was because I gave them my word I'd keep you safe." Pippin smiled faintly, nudging his cousin with his shoulder. "Aye, well, you've done a fine job so far, Merry. Really, I mean that." Merry tried to return the smile, only to have it fall short of quite reaching his eyes. "I'd like to think so, but I can't help but think . . . well, maybe I could have done more to help Frodo as well. Truth was, I was so worried about you, trying to keep you out of reach of those-those things, I think I actually forgot about Frodo. And now I just, I wonder if maybe I could have done more. Maybe if I'd have tried harder, if I could have got you someplace safe and then gone off to help Frodo, maybe he wouldn't be in the state he's in now." His voice cracked, tears springing to his eyes. "I was foolish, Pip. I love you both dearly, and I could have lost you both." Pippin made a tsking noise and pulled Merry into a hug, leaning his head against the older hobbit's, nose twitching against the blond curls tickling him. He ran a comforting hand along his cousin's back while they listened to the song in the distance fade and become yet another tune. Fireflies lit up the treetops above them, little pinpricks of light that offered the slightest glimpse of hope in the darkness. "Merry, stop. It's no one's fault that Frodo is hurt, least of all yours. If anyone, I should say it was mine. I was the one who insisted we build that fire to cook with after all. Maybe those creatures would never have found us otherwise." He paused for a breath, and a slight smile. "My point is that I don't really think anyone is to blame. We did what we could, considering. I still think you're a fine protector, even if I do resent that you still feel you need to act that way with me." A quiet, choked laugh escaped Merry's lips then. "Sad state of affairs we've found ourselves in, Peregrin Took, when I'm the one pouting and you're the one offering advice, isn't it?" "I'm sure it won't last." He shifted, craning his neck to look at the glowing ceiling of twinkling lights over their heads. "Look, Merry. Even elves have fireflies." The remark was perhaps more ridiculous than Pippin had intended it, which could account for why they both dissolved into giggles. By the time they caught their breath they were on their backs, staring up at the ever-changing pattern. "Of course they do, Pip. Why wouldn't elves have flash bugs? They're everywhere." Pippin only nodded in reply, lazily picking leaves and pieces of grass from his hair as he did so. "Just shows that you can at least count on some things, no matter where you are." "Maybe. I'd rather it be five good meals and a warm bed, myself, but you can depend on your fireflies if you like." Merry looked over at him. "I told you it wouldn't last." Frodo's anguished expression flashed in Merry's mind, prompting him to grab Pippin's hand anxiously and in turn exciting a surprised squeak from his cousin. "But we will, won't we? We'll last, right?" Relaxing, Pippin crawled closer and laid his head on Merry's shoulder. "I think we will, Merry. I should think we'll always have each other." Calmed somewhat, Merry nodded and let his head lazily drift to rest atop Pippin's, fair voices singing him to sleep while thousands of delicately flashing lights danced behind his eyelids. There were constants in life, even if it seemed to be changing with frightening speed of late. To think that all he needed to remind him was one restless, ever-moving Took.