faint shriek that made my blood run cold. They were nearby. 'You better go and get your weapons,' said Strider to me without moving, I nodded before he turned to the Hobbits, 'What rooms were you in?' Frodo said nothing but merely pointed out the window and little to the right. Hobbit rooms on the ground floor. I disappeared into the corridor as Strider began to speak to them. My room was along the corridor and to the left. I crept along it like a silent shadow and into the room. My recurved bow was behind the door. I picked it up and ran my fingers along the supple wood. I had used this weapon so often, and had practiced with a similar one for so many years before that, that when I held it the bow became a part of my body. I picked up the quiver of arrows that was next to it, noticeably fuller than Strider's had been, took the small bundle that was on the bed, the cloak that was next to it and turned to leave. The room looked as if no one had ever been in there, despite the fact that I had already stayed there one night. I stepped back down the corridor, my leather shoes making no noise on the wooden floor boards. I tapped twice on the door and re-entered. Nobody moved inside, clearly Strider knew it was me returning, a nazgul wouldn't have knocked. In my absence Strider had clearly appraised the hobbits as to the situation. Merry and Pippin were sitting against the headboard with their faces pale. Sam was sat next to his master, his hands still clenched into fists. Clearly he wasn't used to having an enemy he couldn't fight. Or having an enemy at all for that matter. I turned to the door, placed the chair I had been sitting on underneath the handle and turned back. Not that that would do much should anyone actually want to get in, but if it bought us half a second, it was half a second more in which to act. I sat nimbly on the floor opposite the door, whilst Strider had taken up a seat near the window. 'Try and get some sleep,' he said to the hobbits, 'We will be on the move tomorrow and you should rest whilst you can' 'Why should we trust you?' Sam burst out. 'Gandalf trusts me, and her,' said Strider simply, 'And that will have to be enough for you, for now' 'Relax Sam' said Frodo, 'They are our best option at the moment' I couldn't help but smirk at his words and nodded in agreement before shrugging, 'I haven't killed you yet' 'Comforting' said Sam witheringly, looking at me, his eyes glancing up and down me. Clearly they weren't used to women dressing like men in The Shire. 'Try and sleep Sam' said Frodo, 'Like Strider said, we are not going to be here tomorrow, whoever we choose to leave with' 'Well you too then master,' said Sam, 'I'll stay awake whilst you get some rest' Frodo nodded and shifted back up the bed until he was next to Merry. He didn't lie down but sat back against the headboard and merely shut his eyes. Pippin had already drifted off and I could see Merry fighting sleep. Looking at Sam I could tell he was going to fight to keep his eyes open until he literally passed out. In the end he managed it nearly an hour, but the days events caught up with him, and he eventually drifted off, his head next to his masters shins. I shifted slightly and lightly got up until I was standing next to Strider's shoulder. I looked down into the dark street below. Everything was quiet, not even a street ran across the picture. 'They'll be here soon' he said unnecessarily, not turning to look at me. 'I know,' I said, 'I can feel the hoofbeats in the floorboards' He nodded, 'What do you know of why you're here Nara?' 'Little' I said, 'Other than Gandalf's note, and the fact that the nine are abroad. I have made some guesses, but you can put me out of my misery.' 'I do not know for sure' he said, 'But I guess that Frodo carries something very powerful and very dangerous' 'A ring of power?' I said, thinking of the flash of gold I had seen earlier tonight. Strider said nothing, but nodded slowly, his gaze never moving from the street. 'So, without Gandalf, we are to make for Rivendell?' I asked. 'I think that is where Gandalf would have wanted us to end up,' he said, 'Elrond will be able to answer the unanswered questions. I believe we should go via weathertop first though, if the wizard is in this area he will make for there first' 'Yes, probably' I said thinking of the ruined stone watchtower, 'We are going to leave before dawn tomorrow?' 'At dawn,' Strider correcting, 'Whilst these creatures that are following them are not stopped by daylight, they have no love of it. To travel at night would be to give them the advantage' 'I have never directly experienced them before' I admitted, 'I only know what my brother has told me' 'Pray you never have to encounter them directly, if we are lucky our journey may go unnoticed' he said gravely. There was a loud crash from near at hand and the sound of galloping hooves. A chill fell over me once again and it seemed as if the stars had been snuffed from the night sky. I melted back into the darkness of the room and Strider seemed to be disappear into the window frame; his dark cloak making him camouflaged with the wood. The hobbits were sound asleep on the bed and all was still in the room, with only the very quiet, steady sound of Strider and I's breathing as we watched. Watched and waited.