the end of his bow when he's mad." Aragorn just grinned at him, "I think being at the end of your sister's wrath when she found out you threatened the prince of Mirkwood was worse." Eomer rolled his eyes and the room just laughed in response. Aranestarion burrowed deeper into his father's arms, starting to grow drowsy. Legolas started running his hand along the child's back in an effort to put him to sleep. The little Elfling's eyes drifted shut before popping back opened, " Ada ?" Legolas looked down, "Hm?" His son switched to Elvish, common tongue slipping his mind with his sleepiness, "Is the liante dead?" Legolas nodded, "Yes." "Good," The little head laid back down on his father's chest, "I didn't like it but the bigger one was scarier." "I won't let any of them hurt you." Aragorn looked from Aranestarion to Legolas, "How much of the attack did he see?" Legolas's eyes were troubled, "Enough. It attacked one of the clearings we were in. It was taken care of quickly but he still saw far more than I wanted him to." Aranestarion lifted his head to look at Aragorn, "It was scary. It made a hissing noise and it was big and it bit Ada !" Aragorn stared at Legolas who avoided his gaze, pointedly, "You were bitten?" Pippin looked at him concerned, "Are you alright?" Legolas smiled at him, "I'm fine." Aragorn glared, "You didn't tell me you were bitten." "I didn't think it was relevant." "Where were you bitten?" "Back of the shoulder," Legolas sighed, "It was taken care of and I'm still on the antidote as a precaution." Aragorn's glare sharpened and his frown deepened, "I want to check you over myself tomorrow." Legolas refrained from rolling his eyes and relented with a sharp nod. He felt his son burrow deeper into his arms before the child gave a huge yawn, eyes barely opened, "Ready for bed now?" Aranestarion shook his head tiredly, "I don't want to go to sleep yet." Another large yawn made everyone smile. Sam looked at him, smile soft, "Are you sure?" Starion looked up at his father, "How many days do we have before we need to go home?" "Five." The Elfling pondered that number for a moment before deciding, yes, five days was a perfectly acceptable amount of time to spend with his "cousins" and "uncles", "I'm sleepy." Legolas lifted him to his chest, Aranestarion's arms locking around his father's neck and his head going to rest on his shoulder, "That would be my sign to retire for the night. I'll see you all in the morning." Echoes of goodnight came from the room as Legolas stood, heading to the door. Over his father's shoulder Aranestarion waved tiredly at the remaining occupants in the room who all waved back, smiling. The door shut quietly behind them. Aragorn looked at Eomer with a soft look in his eyes, "That's what you have to look forward to." 2 Months Later King Eomer of Rohan paced restlessly in front of the bedroom he shared with his wife, eyes wide and face pale. It had been some minutes since he had heard any noise from the room whatsoever and that worried him. He passed the door for the hundredth time and turned, only to find the door opening and the midwife walking out, a smile on her face, "My Lord?" Eomer swallowed hard and tried to hide the sheer panic he was feeling, "Lothiriel? The baby?" The midwife's smile only grew, "You have a son My Lord. And both mother and son are doing just fine." Eomer felt his shoulders slump in relief, "Can I see her...them?" Before the midwife could answer Lothiriel's voice drifted out from the bedroom, "Eomer?" Eomer was in the room in a second and was met with the sight of his wife, hair a mess, slightly flushed, but more beautiful than ever, sitting up in their bed, a small bundle in her arms. He crept forward as slowly as he could before Lothiriel called to him yet again, "Eomer...come see." In her arms, inside the bundle laid their son. Eomer sat himself on the edge of the bed, hesitant to disturb both mother and child. Lothiriel placed the baby in his father's arms, watching as Eomer tensed up immediately, "What is it?" Eomer could only stare down at the tiny form in wonder, "He's so tiny. I don't want to hurt him." Lothiriel smiled gently at him, "He's stronger than he looks. You won't hurt him. What should we name him?" Eomer ran a gentle hand over a soft tuft of black hair, "I can't think of anything that would be perfect enough." Lothiriel held back a chuckle, "How does Elfwine sound?" Eomer tried out the name, "Elfwine...it fits him." He moved back to be closer to his wife, careful not to jostle Elfwine, and settled against the back of the bed. Eomer once again went back to staring at his son, running his finger over the tiny, tiny hand sticking out of the blanket. The hand gripped onto his finger with a tight grip that Eomer knew meant he was going to be a swordsman. He felt Lothiriel lay her head on his shoulder, snuggling into his side, "He's perfect. Such a papa's boy already." Eomer felt a thrill at the words, "I'm a father." Lothiriel held back a smile at his statement of the obvious, "Aye you are. And a fantastic one already." Wrapping one arm around his wife, the other keeping a firm hold on Elfwine Eomer felt utterly at peace. He was father...suddenly all the things Sam, Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli had said about being a parent made much more sense. He also realized with a slight amount of dread that all the times he bought his "nephews" toys despite their parents' protests was about to come back to haunt him. Elvish translations: Ada- Daddy/Papa Adar-Father Daeradar-Grandfather Nana-Mommy Naneth-Mother ion-nin-My son liante-Spider