been a little older, about 19 or 20 by his best guess. He remembered this scene very well. His father had taken him out for a walk and they were now both sitting on a mossy log together, where a life-changing talk had taken place. Haldir did not see this from his own eyes though, but through those of an onlooker this time. "Haldir, my son, I did not chose to take a job as a warden to avoid spending time with you. Family is important Haldir; they are one's companions for life. I love you very much and am very hurt that you would make such an accusation against me." "But you are never here…" He saw his young self sniffle, "You are too busy for me and naneth." He looked so forlorn in the picture, so sad. The look was so familiar… Orophin. Young Orophin had looked at him with those same sad eyes only a few hours ago when he had arrived back at his tallan… His thoughts drifted away from this as his father spoke again, wiping the tears away from his younger self's face. "And for that I apologize, my son. I am failing you in these trying times. There are many attacks on the borders now—a great evil grows outside of these woods Haldir. You are right though…I have not done my part and I have greatly missed your company." As his younger self smiled, the waters swirled again and Haldir flinched as he saw his dearest father, his adar, shot by numerous black arrows. The scene almost went in slow motion as his father fell to the ground, his mother doing the same thing at the same time—both scenes played in the mirror as they were interlocked. He bit his lip as the tender wound of their death reopened for him. Again, he tasted the bittersweet pain. He started to turn away- "Do not turn from the mirror!" Galadriel commanded. Haldir reluctantly obeyed, watching Orophin screaming again for naneth. Those eyes, those pained little eyes…the same ones he had seen earlier. A tear formed in one of Haldir's eyes, but he quickly blinked it away, pushing all of the weight of the world back inside of him as he always did. Then, as if the mirror had not already nearly taken him past his breaking point, he was taken to a scene he had never wanted to see again. Niphredil. There she was in all of her glory: sandy curls, green eyes, and ivory skin. His beauty…turning him down. His innards seemed to twist as he heard her melodious voice once more. "Haldir, surely you are not serious? Me, a mother to your brothers? I am too young for such a job meleth. Why not give them away to a couple who really wants them? Then we can truly be together…as it was meant to be." She had murmured, letting one of her hands caress his face. "No, I cannot forsake my family Niphredil. They are my family, my brothers, my blood. I cannot leave them for someone else. My parents would not have wanted it that way." There was a pause as she looked into his eyes and frowned, her face darkened and voice low. "So, you choose them over me? So be it." She hissed, then glared at him, placing the ring he had offered her back in his hand. It had been his mother's wedding ring. He had removed it from her unmoving for this sole purpose, only to be turned down. More tears threatened him, but he held them in as the mirror rippled again. "I hate you." Haldir's breathing became shallow and labored as those words rang through his head again. The mirror had him relive this memory as well, that which had happened only a mere hour ago. Of all of the memories, this was by far the worst, though the shortest memory the mirror had sent him. Unable to hold it in anymore, one single, crystalline tear made a slow course down the contour of his face and curled under his chin. But the mirror was still active, still going. He saw Rumil sitting by his window, as he had earlier. Many suns and many moons seemed to pass by the window, almost an infinite amount. Rumil did not move. Haldir watched as his brother started to fade: his golden hair lost its luster, his body slowly weakened, and his physical condition started to deteriorate. After what felt like an eternity, the mirror shifted to a figure staggering up the stairs of the mallorn tree that his tallan was in, along with quite a few others. The figure tiredly made its way to the top of the stairs, where there was a small wooden platform, made for stargazing. He stood dangerously close to the edge. Too close. Haldir could tell that the figure was an elf, though he looked quite aged and ragged. The elf was breathing fast and unevenly, as if he was frightened as he looked down to the forest floor from his high perch. His arms were wrapped around his shaking body. Finally, the view turned around and Haldir could see his face. Rumil. Shock filled Haldir's eyes as he saw that his younger brother was only a shadow of his former self. There was no sparkle to his eyes or light in his face. He simply…existed. "At last…my pain will be numbed." He heard Rumil whisper, as bells of alarm started to ring in his head. Then, with a purposeful fall, he was gone. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Hehe…cliffie. I'm so mean. Okay, so originally, this was going to be a oneshot, but it's 24 pages long, so I've decided to divide it into two chapters. So, what do you think so far? I hope you enjoy it; I've been working really hard on this fic. The second half will be up in a few days, once it's been edited. Have a great day! -P.G.