to tell and many questions to answer, and I think he would be more comfortable doing it in his own body." Goldberry smiled and set the leaf with the water-lilies aside. "So there is more to you than meets the eye. See, Tom will help you!" Tom looked at the mote when it shrank back in fear. "I will do you no harm, little spirit. Tom harms nobody and nobody harms Tom. So keep still and let me see what we can do for you." And with those words, Tom turned around and ran outside, skipping from one foot to the other. It wasn't long before he returned with a handful of earth, a few twigs and a jug of water in his hand. "Jolly-oh, little fellow!" he exclaimed. "We will do some old magic now!" The mote recoiled in distrust, but Goldberry knelt down and smiled at it. "Courage, little one. Tom has never hurt anyone and he knows what he is doing. What you have done is now behind you and we shall save judging you for another day." "First of all, we need a focus," Tom said. "All magic needs boundaries. We can't have old spells skipping about like deer in spring!" He looked around, his brow creased as if he was looking for something. When he saw the water-lilies, his face lit up. " Ho dol, merry dot! The lilies, of course! Goldberry will make a circle of them to keep the magic inside and close to you." Goldberry took the water-lilies and fetched some yarn, then sat down on one of the chairs and with swift and deft movements, strung the lilies together until she had a loop of flowers which she placed on the floor between Tom and her. Tom clapped his hands and then knelt down next to the loop. He put the jug of water, the handful of earth and then took ahold of the twigs. "First," he said, "come the bones." And he put them together to form a spine and two arms and legs. "Now, blood and flesh." And with that he merged earth and water until it was a malleable mass and he started to form a small body with a round head and four limbs. "And at last—the soul." And with that, he gestured for the little mote to enter the circle of flowers where the small mud-man was standing. The mote, however, hesitated. It remembered something about this man in his blue jacket and with his feather-hat, but the knowledge was alarming and for reasons it did not remember it knew that it should fear him. "Ho, little fellow! We can't wait forever!" Tom made a shooing gesture with his hand, pushing the mote into the circle. Then he stood and spread his arms. o " Out of water, out of soil, rise from this immortal coil, twigs to bones and soil to flesh, blood bubbling from water fresh, soul to mind and mind to matter, focus to thoughts so wont to scatter, head to neck and hand to arm, from death to life, from cold to warm, rise now fast and ever faster, heed the call of Tom the Master! o Goldberry watched calmly while Tom sung, but even her eyes widened in wonder when the mote started to grow with a bright light that grew until it filled the entire circle, swallowing the little man-likeness of mud and twigs and the water-lilies. It grew and grew until it was a round pillar of light standing in the room. Then, slowly, the pillar started to take form. It shrunk until it revealed a white-glowing body and arms and legs and finally a head. A strange music filled the room, echoing long after Tom's words had faded, but it seemed like the song was repeated again and again by disembodied voices all around them. Finally, the melody died down and with it the blinding light. The figure of a man was left standing in the middle of the room. He was tall, much taller than Tom and even Goldberry. His limbs were long and slender and his hair was golden and fell down his back in wild curls. Around his neck rested the loop of lilies Goldberry had made and they were glowing with the ancient magic of Tom's incantation. He was unclothed safe for the necklace, but he held his head high without shame or fear and there was a fire in his amber eyes, like embers that were just waiting to be stoked into flame once more. Tom regarded the man thoughtfully, his blue eyes twinkling. "Now, wouldn't you agree this is better?" Slowly, the man turned his gaze to Tom and looked at him for a long time, His face was unmoving and at last, the Lord of the Rings nodded. That's it for now, the very first chapter of "Fiddler's Green". Firstly, I apologise for the awful formatting, but left me with little other choice seeing how the Doc Manager kept eating my empty lines. If somebody knows how to fix this, I'd appreciate it if you sent me a PM. On to the story: I've had this idea in my head for ages, even before I came up with the idea for "Nine Fingers". I tried to stay true to Tolkien's voice and descriptions wherever it was possible while giving the story my own twist. Tom Bombadil is one of my favourite character from Middle-earth, his enigmatic nature only adding to his charm for me. An encounter between a being of nature and goodness, immensely powerful in his own range, and the former Dark Lord always struck me as fascinating, so I tried to give it a go. Kudos to everyone who recognises the fandom the title is referring to (and from which my nickname is derived as well). I daresay it had a major impact on my own writing. Anyway, thanks for reading and let me know how you liked it!