for centuries together in harmony. Had the prejudice of the world increased so much that a new misgiving had been placed on the minds of the humans? One stepped forward bowing. "My lords and lady, it was a mistake that never should have been made. I will take full responsibility for wrongs done to the elfling." "You speak wise in a dangerous situation, Guy of Imlad." Celeborn warned. "For it was not just any elfling but a prince of Mirkwood as well. If King Thranduil found willing he could consider such treason." Guy nodded grimly. "Whether it had been a prince or a simple living elf, this never should have happened. You have my greatest apologies and even that can not be enough." Casting a glance at his friends and then back to the elves in front of him Guy continued. "What you see fit as punishment we will uphold with respect and believe to be just for the crime." Guy stepped back and the elves before him said nothing. The men held their breath waiting for what the firstborns would condemn upon them before Elrond finally spoke. "It is not for us to decide." "What?" Ailwin said confused. Realizing what he had done aloud he bowed quickly muttering a fast apology. Galadriel let a small smile play at her lips as the man continued to beat the embarrassment from within. "It was not us that this wrong has been done upon." She said her voice as mystical as her appearance. "Legolas, ion nin." At the call of his father Legolas walked in to stand beside Thranduil. Small circlet upon his brow, dressed in a clean tunic and leggings he looked all but a smaller version of the elven king. He was nearly fully healed and his limp was not immediately obvious. He turned to face the four hunters who were staring at him, as they once had the day he had been caught in the snare. "You believed that elves would not understand a simple accident and feared of the consequences for the event." Legolas said looking at his father once before back at the men who were in deep shock at the young elf's ability to speak in the common tongue knowing now that he had been able to understand everything they had spoken. "You will take with you elven guards and release the rest of your traps." He spoke with the wisdom beyond his years but with the compassion of an eternal life of innocence. Long had Legolas watched his father in diplomacy and royal matters but this had been his first time doing such. He could not help feeling self conscious at the room's attention. He had known he should have been angry with the men. Being left alone would have been better than being taken prisoner and fearful of his life but the young elf could not find it in his heart for the men had been fearful of their own and misguided by the rumors of elves. All of the men looked at the elf in confusion. Least of all they had not expected what the prince commanded next. "And then you are free to go back to your village." "Is this what you are sure of ion nin?" Thranduil asked holding in his pride towards his son for later times. Legolas turned towards his father and nodded. "The fault is my own. I was not paying attention for I would not have stepped on the snare if otherwise." Thranduil nodded giving his son the smallest of smiles beaming with an amount of praise through his identical silver eyes. "So it is set. You will take with you elven guards and release the traps in the forest and be on your way no later than tomorrow sunlight. I hope that this has shown to you that not everything you fear of the elves rings true." Elrond said before the council was dismissed. "A word Guy of Imlad." Guy stopped staring at the elven lords before casting a glance at his companions. Nodding Guy went back to the middle of the council and stood before the lady and lords. "You took full responsibility for not only yourself but for your friends as well." Elrond said in admiration. Guy remained silent and bowed his head. "You are welcomed to stay for the festivities of our people." Guy gasped staggering in his step. No such blessing had been bestowed upon anyone of his village before. To receive such was an honor not even fit for a steward let alone a reluctant hunter was beyond words of description. Looking up at Legolas he shook his head utterly confused. "But you... the whole time you understood... What we..." The man struggled to find words. In truth the whole situation he had felt a great cloud in his heart that the elves would not understand the simple mistake as his friends had spoken of even though he had protested against the ridiculous notion but the young elf in front of him was nothing but completely and utterly understanding showing a great respect upon his fair face. Legolas raised a hand to his heart stopping the man in his dazed sputters. "You are the only one who showed me true kindness and you were willing to risk your great friendship for a complete stranger. I could never have asked that of you." Nodding to the hunter the elf prince once again looked well beyond his years. "Hannon le, Guy of Imlad." The hunter was seemingly lost for words gazing up at each of the elven angelic faces before him. Curving his tongue in attempt of mimicry of Legolas, Guy smiled. "Han…non…le. Legolas of elves." a/n: Ummmm SO, I'm currently only one page 49 of the Fellowship (which I also do not own! Only a paperback copy) So if I totally butcher something that would be why. Please tell me if I did so. If not free cookies for anyone who reviews!