for swimming training—he was a remarkably good swimmer, despite spending most of the day lost in a textbook—baked, cleaned, visited, exercised, wrote, studied and chastised her lazy daughter as the occasion presented itself. Winter made sure it did not occur more often than could reasonably be avoided. Still, there was some merit to her mother's disapproval, she admitted, studying her reddened fingertips. Music was an escape, not a productive activity. Not to mention it was beginning to have an adverse effect on her slim, white hands. And you've applied for one job in the last 5 days, even though you've found plenty. Winter exhaled slowly. She ought to feel bad about that, she was certain of that much. Somehow, her own lack of motivation failed to inspire much regret. Nevertheless, lacking anything better to do, she rose stiffly from the soft beige carpet. The banjo was replaced on its music stand, and Winter sat down at her desk. She'd send off her resume to a couple more places before dinner. Yes. That would keep Ada happy. At least then when they all sat down to dinner, without Howard to serve as a distraction, Winter would have a favourable report to give. Thank goodness Dad doesn't bother me at dinnertime, she sighed, waiting for her computer to boot up. I don't really see him much anyway, I 'spose. Peter Newhall was a nurse, and worked long overnight shifts at the Mater Hospital. He loved his work, but Winter rarely saw him between his unusual hours and their concomitant reclusiveness. Flicking between webpages, Winter hesitantly opened her email. 1 new email message from The Arda Exchange Program. Winter's heart danced a staccato beat as she opened the email thread. Dear Ms. Newhall, Congratulations! Your application has been considered and you have been selected to proceed to the second stage in the selection process. You are one of twenty young Australians who have been short-listed for the Arda Exchange Program, and we are delighted to invite you to our interview stage. The interview shall consist of a half-hour appointment with some of our leading program officers, who will discuss with you the nature of an exchange to Middle-earth and assess your suitability to spend a year's time there working in an area relating to your qualification. The interview will consider personal qualities as well as your understanding of Tolkien's legendarium to discover whether you are suitable to venture into Arda…. Winter scanned over the last part of the email, heart still beating queerly. It was signed by a Bob Griggs from the Arda Exchange Program Committee, and there was a whole paragraph with details about her interview time that she barely took in. I made it through… The thought left her rather stunned. She'd started researching the Arda Exchange almost as a joke, when Howard had laughingly suggested it. "Winter, why don't you just become an Elf on that Middle-earth swap program thing now you're done uni? It'd be like your childhood dream, Win!" He'd been half-right; it was her childhood dream, though it was more. Even Winter's grown-woman heart still loved the idea of travelling through Middle-earth in person. Two years ago, someone had snuck a camera into the program and leaked a bunch of digital photographs of the Riddermark on Tumblr. They'd received a considerable fine and a scolding from the Committee, though many wanna-be exchange students had not felt so strongly about it. The photographs were all Winter had hoped Rohan would have been. Imagine – you could see that in person. Not necessarily , her realist side asserted. You're on the list of twenty, but they only let in one or two from Australia every year. Your odds of getting in are pretty slim. Still, staring at the computer screen, Winter couldn't stop her stomach twisting in excitement. Maybe it didn't matter that she hadn't applied for any other physio positions. Well, she thought wryly, at least I'll be able to tell Mum I got a job interview. Heya folks! Didn't think I'd be back here so soon, introducing a new fanfic... But, here we are. For those of you who are back because you read Elanor's story, then yay! Welcome. I hope you find as much amusement and pleasure from hearing about Winter. For those of you who are trying out my writing for the first time, I'm also super excited to have you reading this! (And if you would like to read more of my writing, head on over to read My name is Elanor: Get me out of here! ). I could understand if some of you are silently chastising me for starting Winter's story when I haven't finished Elanor's. The truth is, Elanor's is wrapped up to a reasonably-solid conclusion, though it's not finished. But I haven't left you a cliff-hanger, so rest assured. Right now, I'm struggling to figure out how I can continue the Ravenscroft sisters' story arc. In the meantime, I've decide I will give you a taste of a different story; Winter's. Winter's story is an attempt to throw a modern girl into Middle-earth, but without her "falling", per say. Winter goes voluntarily, on something I have titled the Arda Exchange Program. This is something I would dearly love to exist, where qualified professionals head into Middle-earth to use their skills and gain experience. Idealistic, I know, but interesting nevertheless. It removes the sudden "oh my goodness I'm panicking here what do I do" element that Elanor had, and I think will create a very different (but hopefully still interesting) plotline. I would love to hear from you what you all think regarding the opening scenes of Winter's tale. Again, this story is based around Australian characters. I've always heard to write what you know, and I know Brisbane, so that's how we're going to work it. Thanks ya'll for reading, and please feel free to leave a review or inbox me about this (or Elanor's story). Much appreciation, Finwe. x