up and the noise woke his friends. "Huh?" said Pippin, when he rose from his bedroll. "Where did our friend go?" The four of them looked around, but the stranger was nowhere to be seen. They were alone in the grove; merely their ponies were grazing calmly. "It seems he left before dawn," Merry said. "A pity, I quite liked him. There don't seem to be enough patient ones among the Tall Folk who are willing to listen to Hobbit-tales." Frodo looked around, as if the stranger would jump out from behind the beeches any moment and laugh at them for falling for his prank. But nothing happened. Birdsong was the only sound in the air, sometimes disrupted by a contented snort of their ponies. "What now?" Pippin asked. "We can't wait for someone who doesn't even excuse himself or say good-bye before leaving, can we?" Frodo took one last glance around, then he turned to face his friends. "No, I don't think so. If he had wanted us to say good-bye, he would have waited until we were awake. He is probably in a hurry to reach Fornost before winter. I say we go on and try to make it to Tom's House before midday. Come on, Merry, lead the way, you're most familiar with these roads." "Only with those in Buckland," Merry said, but he still packed quickly, untied his pony and led the way to the road where they turned right. "Keep your eyes open for the little path where Tom saw us off when we came down from the Downs," Merry told them and he and Sam rode in the front, while it fell to Frodo to keep an eye out for Pippin to keep him from dawdling. Frodo inclined his head back and smiled, letting the sun warm his face while the winter birds were flying to and fro above their heads. He opened one eye to look over at Pippin and was surprised to see his young friend lost in deep thought, a crease between his brows. "What is it?" Frodo asked. "You look worried." "I am just thinking about this Elf or Man, whatever he was," Pippin said. "He seemed so polite at first, I find it strange he didn't find it necessary to say good-bye." "I have given up on trying to understand everything Elves do," Frodo said with a smile. "Well, he certainly didn't tell us everything that there is to know about him. Did you notice he was wounded?" This gained Frodo's attention. "He was wounded?" Pippin nodded. "I think he made a great effort to hide it. But when you were all asleep, something woke me again. First I thought, I was dreaming, but then I saw him sitting there at the fire, murmuring something I could not understand and clutching his right hand to his chest. He was looking at you while he was doing it, Frodo." Pippin frowned as if that particular detail had come to his attention only now. "When he took away his left hand, I could see that he was missing a finger on his right hand, just like you. Isn't that curious? I don't remember much more, because I fell asleep after that and my dreams were a jumble. I am sure I have forgotten something, but that's all I recall for now." Pippin interrupted himself. "Frodo, what's wrong?" Frodo had become as pale as a ghost and he was staring at his right hand. "Frodo?" Pippin reached over and shook his shoulder and this startled him enough to look up. "Tell Merry that we're not going to visit Tom today," Frodo said. "Gandalf told us to take care of the Shire first and I feel like we cannot put this off much longer. We can return some other time." That he planned to never set foot in the Old Forest again was not something his friends needed to know now. Pippin frowned, but did as he was told. While he, Sam and Merry were discussing the news a bit ahead, Frodo looked back over his shoulder. The darkness between the trees had lightened a bit and no mist was wafting over the road. Half and half, he expected a ghost to appear there, but no apparition made itself known in the splendid autumn sun. They rode until late at night, when finally the Brandywine Bridge appeared before them. One year ago, the Nazgûl had crossed it in their hunt for the Ring. Now it was barred and torches illuminated the watchtower. Only when the Hobbits guarding the bridge had let them in and the door had been shut and bolted behind them, did the frantic beating in Frodo's heart slow down and the clenching of his heart eased. He never told anyone about this encounter, not even Gandalf, and he did not discuss it with either Sam, Merry or Pippin after the Shire had been scoured. But the encounter kept haunting him and he thought of how even the Elves took their time to disappear from Middle-earth; and why should this not apply to other beings as well? It was only when he set foot on the ship at the Grey Havens that he finally felt that last fear that had plagued him, together with the knife wound of the Witch-king, fall away. There were some beings who would never go West, and Frodo knew that they would not be able to reach him now. He watched as the plank was pulled back and threw one last look at his friends, feeling salvation flooding through his veins, before he averted his face and climbed down into the boat's hull to take care of Bilbo who was already looking forward to this new and last adventure. A/N: I hope you had fun reading this, as it was surely great fun to write it. By the way, if anyone feels called upon to proofread this for grammar and spelling, please send me a PM.