"You have slain me. I am dying." it said, boiling black blood from it maw. "It need not have been so" the wizard replied, and there was almost pity in his voice. "It could have been no other way." "Perhaps not" he said. "My time has ended. Now is your time" it gurgled. "My time is at an end as well. I have a few matters to tend to, then I will leave too." "So I, Burzum, who slew a hundred Elves in Gondolin...was a.. small matter to ...you Olorin?" it slobbered. "No, it was a great matter. I wished to end it otherwise, but maybe you are correct. It was fated to end this way. There was no return." The wizard said. The Balrog did not answer. It guttered flame from its nostrils and its fires went out. It slumped like a pile of black pitch, it's skin slimed with foul blotches of ash and gore. Arancarme watched the eye grow dim, as it's life fled, a smoke rising from its body and filling the roof of the cavern like pipe-smoke under a wine glass. It was almost black in the cavern as the Balrog's fires went out, and with a wave of his staff, the wizard swept away the smokes and kindled the end again with welcomed blue light. Arancarme stood up fully and stretched his battered body, feeling his wounds. He looked around the chamber. There was no more to be seen except the stone columns and the great heap of the fallen Balrog. The wizard looked at him and smiled wearily. "Well, that was not too bad" he said, looking very tired. "What would have been bad? An army of Balrogs with Gothmog at the head or maybe Ancalagon come again?" He exclaimed with a flourish of his sword. He was aware that the wizard was smiling, but the excitement and fear had drained him, and he was not inclined to laugh right now. Later he would sit with the wizard and Legolas and they would retell the tale and he might laugh. He did not feel like laughing now. But he had faced a Balrog, he had struck it. He had done what he came to do; to protect the old wizard and perhaps strike a blow for his people, for his father. He had done it. He had not slain it, but he had met it and lived. In his memory, his father smiled at him. The way he had by the sea so long ago. His father had told him of the Gods then. Of Manwe and Orome the Hunter. Of Ulmo whom the Elves love. "There is one question I have. Why did my blade not cut it? I saw that it hurt the beast, but no wound was visible" he asked the wizard. "Your blade is new. It was not forged in Gondolin, but in Rivendell. By Elves yes, but Elves much diminished from the might and skill of that age" he answered. "You dealt it a worthy blow and injured it, but did not cut through its skin, which is tougher than even Glaurung's armor was. Besides, I am a wizard, and a blade in my hand is not the same as a blade in the hand of the Eldar, though it be forged by them." "Then I owe you my life Mithrandir" Arancarme said. "I would have been slain but for you". "And I if not for you. Come! We are even, Master Elf. Let us leave this place." As they walked the long tunnel up to the lower chambers of Moria, thoughts of his father ran through Arancarmë's mind. Would he be able to see him in the Undying Lands? To tell him of his deeds today? Or perhaps he would not need to. To see him there would be enough. Besides, no matter how good the battle made him feel about himself, he knew he would not recount it in that land. His father would have no need to hear it besides. "Mithrandir..." he began. "Call me Gandalf, I always liked that name." "Gandalf, then. Why did you only take me with you? Wouldn't it have been easier with a contingent of Men and Elves?" "I did not know how large the chamber would be and many men and Elves would crowd each other in a tight place. More would have died. I also knew the Balrog was weakened by it's master's fall." He replied. "And I hoped that seeing just two of us, and one an Istari, it might have repented." "Could it have done so?" Arancarmë asked. "I do not think so" he paused, "but I had hoped". They walked on into the darkness. It was still all around them as before, but it held no fear for him. Was it the death of the Balrog, the death of the fear that went before it, that was gone now? Or was it simply the joy of the victory that drove all fear away? "One more question" "You remind me of a certain Knight of Gondor!" Gandalf laughed. "Master Pippin can task one's patience", he said with a smile, "Just one, I beg of you." "Ask all that you will". "Why did you choose me?" The Elf asked. He had wanted to ask him that the day he was chosen to go. He had not excelled in the sword practice. He could fight well, but he was not the best. He was a good shot with a bow, but Gandalf had told him to leave it behind. "Why me of all the Elves you could have asked? Any would have come at your call. Glorfindel himself pleaded for you to reconsider. To take him. Why not an Elf-lord. Why me?" his eyes searched the wizard's face, and he saw lines of care and fatigue smooth away as a smile lit his face. He thought he could see the Light in it. "Because I knew your father."