security guards, run through the lobby, and now he was running through the language hallway towards the long hallway that the students called the bowling ally. He soon came across a blond elf wearing jeans, a green graphic tee, and black converses. This was Legolas, a fellow senior and Aragorn's best friend of five years. Legolas was also running. Aragorn sprinted to catch up with him. "Hey dude!" he said, still running, now along side Legolas. "Hey man. What are you running for...wait, I know that answer. Security guards!" gasped Legolas. "Yeah. What are you running for….hmm…I know that answer too. You wrote a shit load of essays for your AP classes, had to turn them in, and now you're running to get to chorus." "Uh huh. So, where are you going?" "Away." "On the first day?" "Yep." "Where will you go?" "To the park to buy more pot" "When will you be back?" "Eighth period." "Yeah! I won't be alone." "I'm turning here. See you later." "Alright. See ya." The two boys broke off as Aragorn ran toward the side door. Legolas would have laughed at his friend's cutting school, but he actually couldn't breathe. Once he made it to the chorus room, he wasted no time before going into the chorus officers room and lying down, face first, on the ground in front of the couch, not noticing the two girls sitting on it. Andune snickered to Hana, who smirked back. Andune began to playfully kick Legolas in the head. "Hey buddy…you dead yet…hey hey…wake up Mr. President." "Shut up Mrs. Vice president. Leave me alone." said Legolas, into the floor. "Oh, so I'm married now. Well, didn't you notice that there were two pairs of feet poking you?" Legolas was confused; he could only feel one pair. But he brushed it off. He must've heard wrong. He stayed motionless. Andune decided to get his attention. "Actually…I could have gotten married over the summer…" she inquired. "What?!" Legolas turned his head to see Andune's feet and also a second pair of female feet. "Oh. I get it." He said. Then, he looked up. He froze where he lay when he saw Hana's face. "Oh" he quietly said. The room was awkwardly quiet for a while. Then Hana broke the silence. "Um…hi…I'm Hana." "Hi." said Legolas, still gasping for breath. "Yeah Hana, this is Legolas. You know the one we were telling you about earlier." "Oh yeah." "What did you tell her about me?" asked Legolas. "Nothing bad. Anyway, Hana just moved here from Lincoln." "Is that so?" Legolas asked, putting on a slightly more charming voice despite being out of breath. Hana nodded. "Well, welcome to Middle earth." He smiled. "Thanks." Hana smiled back. "So, what do you sing?" asked Legolas. "Soprano. I take it you're the chorus president?" asked Hana "The one and only." "He may look out of breath now. But when he's out there…" Andune pointed to the main chorus room "He never runs out." "You're a good singer?" Hana asked Legolas. "You're looking at the lead singer of Legolas featuring the Tenors." Hana giggled and Legolas blushed. "It's not like that." He said. "Oh stop it. It is." said Andune as she looked out the door. People were starting to fill the room. "Come on Hana. You should meet Mr. Melwasul. He's gonna love you." She said. The two girls got up. "It was nice meeting you Legolas." Hana said with a smile as she walked out of the officers' room. But before Andune could follow her, Legolas grabbed her by the arm and pulled her aside. "Hey, where did you find her?! She's gorgeous!" he asked. "You should have been at the breakfast table. You could have found her yourself." Said Andune. "Damn it." Legolas leaned in the doorway glancing at Hana, who was patiently waiting for Andune. "I haven't seen you look at anyone like that in a long time. Could this be love at first sight?" Andune jokingly asked. "No….but damn. She's really pretty." "Oh my god! Alert the media! Legolas Greenleaf has finally taken the final step of getting over his ex by admitting interest in another girl! Holy shit!" "It's not that big a deal." Said Legolas. "Oh yes it is. I got to tell Aragorn." She pulled out her cell phone and typed out a text to him. ' Legolas is checking out a girl!!' She looked back up at Legolas. He stood there with a peaceful smile on his face as he watched the red haired elf girl. Andune walked up beside him. "You likey?" she asked with a grin. "Me likey." Legolas sighed. "I'm actually curious what you were thinking when you first looked up." "You really want to know?" asked Legolas. "For once, yeah." "Alright. To be completely honest, I wasn't thinking any thing I wasn't thinking much. I was so encapsulated by her beauty." Andune wrinkled her nose in confusion. "Oooooooookaaaaaaaaaaayyyyy. You're now a potential stalker. But at the same time it's cute. I'm gonna go introduce Hana to Mr. Melwasul." "See you later." You could probably guess that what Legolas said was bullshit. And you're right. In that first moment, this is what Legolas was really thinking. " A second pair of feet and a second pair of great boobs. A little smaller then what I usually go for, but one awesome rack. Wait a minute. That's something Aragorn would say! What am I thinking?! I've been hanging out with him too much!" He walked out of the officers' room as the first bell of the school year rang. TBC A/n: That word "Re-ta-ta" is a word that Beka's ex-boyfriend came up with and she kind of started to use it. It basically means stupid. She told me that we had to use it at least once in at least one chapter. So...there it is. We don't mean to offend anyone with its meaning. It's really just a shout out to Joe. R&R