his breath warm on her face. Her eyes blinked open and she smiled. His were narrowed in a frown. "What were you thinking, allowing yourself to be wounded?" he asked fiercely. "It was either me or Gondor's hope, Eomer," she replied, licking her lips. "I chose me." His face softened. "You're alive, at any rate. That's something, I suppose." "Something indeed." The voice was firm. Lydia looked up. She was in a private room. Eomer sat next to her pallet. The speaker was Gandalf, near the door, flanked by Aragorn, an Elf, a Dwarf, and Eowyn. Eowyn's eyes were still cold, but she stepped forward. "You said we would not share words again until I had been stripped of hope and friends. I came to offer my words to you, whether you take them or not. Twice, you have reminded me who I am; the first when you offered me unadorned truth and the second, when you offered your life for your lord's. It is my turn to make an offer of you. I offer you my friendship, to take or leave." "Friendship? Love is all I, you, or anyone can truly offer another. The first time, I offered you my love. The second…my love was given freely to protect my king. You offer me the love of friendship, Lady Eowyn, from your duty, not from your heart." Those gathered, waiting for her next words. Gandalf smiled silently, feeling the ancient wisdom in this child's words. "When your heart is clear, offer it again." It was not a refusal, though it could be taken as such. Eowyn nodded slowly, understanding the wisdom behind the words. She turned and left. Lydia hauled herself into a sitting position, her hand still clasped lightly in her friend's. Gandalf stepped forward to address her. She beat him to it. "I was not brave, or wise today," she said calmly. "I merely got in the way of a blade. You told me once that I had angol. I didn't believe you then, and nothing has changed since." He hissed his laughter. "You have had no spells, then, I take it? When your magic runs out because you push yourself too hard, you do not faint and sleep for days awakening with the appetite of a starving wolf? You do not create beautiful, immortal things with very little power? You never happen to be in the right place at the right time, such as when you saved Aragorn's life?" Lydia's mouth flopped open and closed. Finally, she swallowed. "My family cast me out," she whispered. "Not magic. Anger and disappointment. Women are not smiths. They are not warriors, and they do not serve in important functions. Even women who are healers are supervised by a man. I would never fetch a proper bride-price if my muscles were bigger than a man's, they told me. Either stop smithing and settle down to a quiet, feminine life, or leave Minas Tirith and don't come back." She glared up at him. "I left." Gandalf smiled kindly. "Many do not listen to what they are told because their experience tells them that what they are told is wrong, even if it is shown to them time and again that it is right," he said gently. "You have magic. You are magic. Ancient magic. And a servant of your king." At this, her eyes were drawn to Aragorn. He smiled. "A child of Gondor you were born, and a child of Gondor you remain, Lydia of Minas Tirith. Women there are in plenty, and warriors we have. But how many Gondorians are there that are both? I believe the Rohirrim have the right of it. You are woman and you are warrior. There is no one without the other. That is my word." Her eyes sparkled. "Hannon le, brannon nin," she whispered. The Elf started to hear her speak his language. "Are all children in Gondor taught our language?" he asked, blue eyes twinkling with amusement. Aragorn smiled. "Lydia, may I present, Prince Legolas of Mirkwood, son of King Thranduil?" The Elf took her hand and kissed her fingers, making her giggle. "And also Gimli son of Gloin?" The Dwarf cleared his throat and nodded to her. She smiled in return. The door burst open then. "Mistress Lydia!" Koria wailed, pushing past the men to throw herself down next to the pallet. "I tried to make them help me! I tried! Oh, I'm so sorry!" "Koria!" The girl trailed off and sniffed, wiping her eyes on her apron. "There was nothing more you could have done, and it was probably best that I was left. Else I'd never have found Eomer and Mithrandir, and I'd never have saved Aragorn." She patted Koria's arm comfortingly. "So, you see, everything is as it should be." "Not everything," Eomer murmured. He looked up. "If I might have a few moments alone with Lydia?" The room cleared faster than she would have thought and the door closed behind the last with a loud click. Eomer met her eyes then. "I returned, as I said I would, with legions at my back. Will you forgive me for leaving you behind?" She beamed at him. "Of course." "Lydia, you are woman and warrior, water and fire, metal and magic. You are my friend and my comfort. Will you also be my wife?" Her smile evaporated and she went pale as ice. Her eyes sparkled as her hand tightened painfully on his. "Your…wife? Eomer…I…" She stared at him, waiting silently for her answer. She saw in his eyes that he was bracing himself for the worst. "I…I can't…I can't…" She took a deep breath and let it out. Then another. "I am yours." Her head cleared, her eyes shone, and her lips curved again into a brilliant smile. He sat stone-still for a few seconds and then pulled her into a crushing embrace. "For as long as you want me and longer, I am yours," she repeated breathlessly.