his to pull me up. "Israa Sadeen Hada Qeyir," He had begun with my name a cold, formality on his lips. "It is an honor." He had a strong face, with the blackest eyes I had ever seen and golden skin. He looked to be a few years older than Adhen and he was tall against my small frame. I realized with a start that I barely reached his shoulders. I was lead to sit upon the cushioned stools with my brother while Ab-Sahrad sat across from us. I do not remember much of that night, but I remember feeling as if I were in a dream I could not wake from. My mind began to wander, though my smiles were in place as the men discussed many things I had no business in. The last thing I recalled was the kiss Ab-Sahrad had laid upon my right hand, where I would join with his for our ceremony. I ran back to my tent after that, my servants struggling to keep up. The next day riders returned from the north with news of my brother's death. They also brought the cold body of my father upon their horses. I was the first to greet them when I heard the familiar death horns of our warriors, the tune of a fallen man played through the chilly air that evening, and I sprinted forward from the baby Mûmakil den I had been sitting in. My servants rushed after me, but were overtaken by others. I had the energy of many restless days stored in my young body however and a dreadful knot in my stomach. My legs carried me to edge of the settlement, to the riders who stopped upon seeing me. My veil had managed to stay in place, but my head covering had blown free in the wind, the bright orange cloth quickly buried underneath the unforgiving sand. "Good Rina ," the general warrior greeted, his grim eyes the only thing showing. "The Overlord is needed." But I was struck upon my feet, dropping to the sand as tears streamed down my face. For I had already seen the body behind his horse, the cloth of royalty sticking out from the armor, stained with blood. The wind whipped my hair into a whirl of darkness, and all I could see were the figures standing before me like the spirits of death. A hand soon had guided me to my feet, and I was being pressed into someone's side, arms wrapping around me. Whispers and shouts were all around but I closed my eyes and wept, knowing that my father was gone. It wasn't until I had slept many hours that I was told my brother Kumel was killed in battle, his body unable to be returned. I shed more tears, but they were silent and eventually my eyes were dried of water. The wails of Abenni coming from the tent she had once shared with my brother kept me up all night, and in my own tent I traced the map of our lands with trembling fingers. The borders of the northern lands were jagged and various inscriptions marked major battles. It was a map I had once stolen from Kumel when I was younger and kept in the dark on such matters. He had groused and complained for days about losing it, but when he had visited my tent one afternoon the map had been lying in plain sight. His eyes scanned over its place on my table but he did not say anything. It was then I knew this was his small gift to me. He could not tell me of the happenings in the North, but at least he had given me that. The night we all grieved their deaths was when I crumbled it and threw it into the fire. The funeral for my father and brother was quiet and we all dressed somberly. No jewels were permitted and I wore my thickest veil to hide my face. Sulaana gripped my arm tightly, her eyes wet and red-rimmed. Adhen stood beside her, his face stony. Our new Overlord stood at the grave of our father and brother, his jaw set. Abenni sat covered in sand and the bones of a mumak , ready to kiss my brother's grave. The pile of bones was always needed these days, for many of our warriors returned dead. The gatherers had begun collecting them for free among the traders for many could no longer afford them at their sons or fathers' funerals. But we were given the best, the ones guaranteed to bring an honorable death. Ibnet told us of the great loyalty my father and brother had displayed for the Eye and of unfaltering glory in which they perished for the Great Lord. They would bring us closer to freedom and justice he had said proudly as the shaman stood to lead us in prayer. It was as the shaman had begun the death chant to send our men to whatever lie beyond, that I had suddenly remembered the stories Sulaana had told me of the Old One and the place we had once gone when we left these lands. I could see her fist clenched tightly and the Eye on her thumb twitched with her movements. There was a fury in my heart at that Eye, the one great lord we were taught to serve and obey. My father and brother had died for that cold, unfeeling thing and many others yet. But we were still stuck in our desert lands, the freedom our people had once enjoyed out of our grasp while we pledged to a lord who called forth our men to die. The bones had been littered on their graves and I stood before my people, gazing out from behind my veil at the drawn faces of those who wore the darkness of him painted on their skin. .. .. .. Now off to reread!