them apart with his knives. Without a word, we found a close friendship in the mastery of swordfighting, which I only realised when I looked behind to see the trail of dead orcs we left. After a steep descent we came upon a wide cavern river and between the fog we finally saw the metal gates of Angmar. Fuín's eyes turned to fear as we crossed the river. I placed my hand on his shoulders, telling him to turn back. He shook his head and pointed his sword to the gates. Suddenly, a loud horn blew and the gates of the city opened, followed by battalions of orc soldiers passing through the gate. Quickly Fuín climbed on a ledge above us, reaching out his hand for me to follow him. Hidden in the dark we watched upon the orc legion that marched out of the city. We saw many battle trolls and giantic ogres carrying battering rams and catapults. Every battalion was lead by a tall knight with black metal armor, wielding heavy hammers and spears. These are the men of the ancient kingdom of Arnor turned into servants by Sauron the deceiver. The night elves from Othorond called them death knights. Finally, the Witch King, seated upon a carriage pulled by black spider. As he passed us he let out a terrifying screech that echo-ed through the caves. After we climbed the city's walls, we slew every creature we found, orc, troll and goblin. The city was empty for us to take. The lower levels were a labyrinth of halls and corridors. We moved through all of them unseen but one. As Fuín lead the way through the last corridor he suddenly stood face to face with a death knight. His body was thrown against the wall by the weight of the knight's hammer. My fate was similar if I hadn't killed it first. His armor fell apart as it lay buried in the ice-elf king's spear. I turned my attention to Fuín, who lay defeated against the wall. He had no pulse nor breath, he was fallen. For many days I dwelled in the caverns of Angmar, it was a maze of prisons, traps and death. A long hallway lit up as a light shone through it revealing a sillouette of a woman in the far distance. When I followed her I came upon the great hall, the witch king's throneroom. There she was, I couldn't believe my eyes. Her body was laid upon a stone pillar as if she was asleep, she looked as fair and beautiful as my vision in the night. Behind her stood a hooded person, wearing a purple dress covered with elven battle armor. I was certain, that was Mara, her mother. She had long grey hair that almost reached the cold stone floor. She guarded her child with her life with her sword that was as long as a spear. When I entered the room her thoughts entered my mind. I saw her lifetime of battle before me, the defeat of evil by her hands, but as valorous as looked it still saddened me. I sat on my knees before her and bowed, holding Thranduíl's letter my hands. She wept as she read every word, crying against the stone pillar. I came closer and saw that Leliana's eyes were closed, but she was alive and breathing. She was under a magic spell. "Leliana.", Mara spoke. Right at that moment, Leliana woke. "Your father has called for us, we will come home." With bright eyes she gazed at me. "I saw you in my dream." "I remember, you saved my life." "And you saved mine.", she smiled. Our path to the surface was blocked by an army marching for Othorond, so I suggested we would find another way. But life rose back in the queen mother Mara and she began to glow, lighting the darkness before us. Her feet were no longer on the ground. Winds rose up and the earth started moving, the fortress began to fall apart. I ran as quickly as I could to keep up with the elven maiden who destroyed everything in their path, burning the city into dust and flames. Deep in the caves, we reached the battle of Othorond. My eyes couldn't follow the slaughter before me, they were being defeated as if a dragon flew through their army. Their courage sunk as Mara's sword slashed their army in pieces. The orcs who survived the fire were frozen in the cold of Leliana's frost spells. The gates had already been breached and wraiths were flying over the city, commanding their forces, but they turned as they saw their army retreat. The Angmar army regrouped in the caves where they were crushed under the collapsing caves, shallowed by earth and stone. We saw victory as the wraiths flew away from the city, chased away from their battlefield and away from their home. When the battle ended, the elves of Otherond rejoiced in their victory, but Mara picked us up and carried us over the water, sending us on our way up the watchtower. At the end of the day, Leliana was first to take her steps back on the surface. It was late in the evening, and the sun was going under. "Mother, will you not come with us ?" "No, my child, you know I will always stay here. To protect you from the evil of the north and live among the spirits of our ancestors." There we parted and hand-in-hand, teary eyed Leliana followed me on our way home. As we looked behind at undergoing sun, we could no longer see queen Mara. But the light of the sun revealed something else. In the clouds we saw a great elven army, marching and riding horses through the sky. In the middle stood Mara, young and beautiful, she was surrounded by six powerful elves. They held up their hand and watched us travel south. the End