Precious, Sméagol wondered whether It was really what he needed. Could the Precious really solve all his problems? Sméagol wondered whether it was cheating – to try and escape his problem through the Ring, without confronting them. There were things that had been done, and things that had been said, and Sméagol knew that nothing could undo or unsay them. He realised what he had known all along, but had never admitted to himself. The Ring could not ease his conscience. Forgiveness, what he really needed, could not be attained so easily. Gollum held the precious aloft, bouncing around in utter joy. But, at the same time, Sméagol doubted whether he had done the right thing. He had so firmly believed that the Precious would solve everything, and he had allowed himself to go to any lengths to get it. Now, staring at It, he realised that he had been misled, and that his betrayals had not benefited him as he had believed they would. All they had done was ruin his relationship with his master, and make an enemy out of one who was only trying to be a friend. Then, as Gollum stared in adoration at the precious, Sméagol saw, as if for the first time, what he was really holding. His gaze leapt from the ring to what it was encompassing – Frodo's severed digit. Blood still oozed from the bottom of the finger. Sméagol was horrified, looking at his own handiwork, reminded so much of his treatment of his brother, Déagol. Way back then, so many years ago, he had committed fratricide, for the sake of the small gold object he held now in front of him. How had it helped him? How had it saved him? And as Sméagol asked himself these questions, as Gollum danced in joy, unable to be parted from the precious, Sméagol realised that It hadn't helped him. It hadn't saved him. Like an addictive drug, it had only given the mirage of happiness. But true joy it had utterly removed from his life. So, even as Gollum jumped, almost unconsciously, yelling "Precious!" in great, genuine joy, Sméagol wondered why he was so joyful. Why was he glad that he had done what he had? Why was he pleased that had he harmed his innocent master so badly? Why was he so happy that had he even tired to kill him, and almost succeeded, in Shelob's lair? Was he happy just because it had gotten him the Ring? Suddenly Sméagol realised that, perhaps, that was not something to be happy about. And the moment that thought crossed him mind, Gollum was appalled, and furious. He jolted in sheer horror, revolted that such a thought would ever come within a hundred miles of him. And as his body shook with the shock of such a blasphemous proclamation, he tripped on the edge of the cliff, lost his balance, and toppled over the brink. * * * As he fell downward, Gollum clutched the Ring to his heart, for to him nothing else mattered. And as the prospect of imminent death loomed before Sméagol, he wondered: why? Why was he holding, so near to his heart, the Thing that had torn apart his life, and had ruined it beyond healing? Why did he still hold onto it, even as his life was swiftly coming to its close? What use was it to him now? Sméagol discovered that he had no answers to any of his own questions. And, with that realisation, he struggled against himself, willing himself to feel pity, compassion, and remorse. He willed himself to purge the conscience he had forgotten he possessed. And as he did so, Sméagol found, incredibly, miraculously, that he had control of his own body. He had the choice – he was more than only a slave to the Precious. And as all those thoughts whirled around his head in the brief second in which he tipped over the edge of the fissure, Sméagol flung the One Ring down into the fire of Mount Doom. * * * And Sméagol felt as though his eyes were opened, as though his chains were dropped, and at once he was free. He was just an old, wretched hobbit, and no more. He had done some good deeds in his life, and some bad, but he was free now to choose. He felt hatred, but he also felt love – anger and despair, but happiness also. Hatred of the Ring, and what it had done to him, but love for his master, and what he had done. Anger that his life was coming to an end so soon after his release, but a happiness, greater than he had ever felt, for that freedom, for the brief chance it gave him – a chance for remorse. And while those emotions swirled in his head, some of which he had forgotten how to feel, he felt, for the first time, whole. One being, free of the Ring. He had been right when he had told Sam, "when Precious goes, we'll die." It was no longer "we". Now it was only I. And he, Sméagol alone, felt the remorse deep in his heart, a true sorrow for all the wrongs that he had done. For the wrongs he had done his brother, his family, his master, the fat hobbit, even, and even remorse for the pointless cruelty he had shown the orcs. And Sméagol was flying downward, down into the fires of purgatory, and there he burned away all his sins, his flesh melting and charring in the turbulent lava. Pain overwhelmed him, and the grief of his deeds burned him, until at last the fires consumed him. And at once he felt light, and suddenly he was flying upward, free at last from the chains of his burden of five centuries. On the wings of the molten fire, Sméagol flew up through the mountain, propelled toward the sky. * * *