reached out and took Thranduil's hands in his own, bringing them to his lips and kissing them in turn. It was a gesture seen often amongst Elves, but for Celeborn it meant more than it would for another. " Hannon le, mellonín ." He whispered softly, lifting his eyes to meet Thranduil's. The Elvenking opened his mouth, no doubt to argue the thanks, but Celeborn silenced him with one simple act – he smiled. Not one of his brief smiles that were not really smiles but more of a slight quirk of the lips barely held for more than a second or two, but a proper smile – one that reached his eyes. Seeing it, Thranduil mirrored the smile, and clasped Celeborn's hands tightly within his own. "You are most welcome, mellonín ." Though Celeborn was most likely unaware of it, Thranduil could see some of that old spark of life in his dark eyes, and it pleased him more than anything. Celeborn was recovering. He would be okay, eventually. He rose, intending to return to his own guest chamber now that Celeborn's need for him was gone, but before he managed two steps, a hand closed around his wrist, preventing him from moving further away. Surprised, he turned back to face Celeborn. "Do not go." His voice was barely more than a whisper, his eyes hopeful as he gazed up at him. "Stay, please." Thranduil couldn't help but gaze back in confusion. Why did Celeborn want him to stay? Surely he did not need him anymore that night? The usual tug on his mind and his heart was gone, so why was he asking him to remain? "I… I do not want to be alone. Not tonight. Will you not stay…?" "Oh, Celeborn…" He sighed softly, wanting that longing look in his eyes to disappear. How could he refuse him now? "As if I could walk away from you like this. I will stay." Celeborn seemed to exhale in relief, and he released Thranduil's wrist from his grasp, lying back down in the bed. Thranduil moved back to the chair, eyeing it for a moment in disdain. It was comfortable enough to sit in, yes, but he had intended to catch up on some rest and the idea of resting in the chair was not appealing to him at all. "Thranduil… there is space… beside me." He turned at Celeborn's voice, and found the Lord watching him. He patted the empty space next to him in the large bed, and Thranduil felt his ears burn a little as he realised what Celeborn was suggesting. It was nothing unusual of course – Elves had no problem with sharing sleeping quarters with each other, but even so… the last time Thranduil had shared a bed with someone other than his wife or young son had been in his own youth, tucked firmly between his parents. "Ah, Celeborn, I… I do not think-," "Is there something wrong with my suggestion?" Celeborn sat up a little, resting on one arm as he frowned a little, not understanding what Thranduil's problem was. Not wishing to go into any detail, Thranduil quickly shook his head. "No, nothing at all. I am just not used to… this." He gestured as he spoke, hoping Celeborn would simply leave it at that. The Elf Lord watched him closely as he rather stiffly climbed into the bed beside him, and he forced himself to relax. There was no problem with sharing a bed with another male, especially not an old friend who needed him. Yet, why did it feel so wrong…? "You are rather tense, my friend." Celeborn murmured, settling down again. "You need to relax, or you will stress yourself out further." "Apologies." He muttered in return, willing his body to relax. Celeborn shifted closer to him, and gently placed a hand on Thranduil's cheek, turning his head so that he may look upon him. Thranduil tensed under his touch, and Celeborn simply smiled at him. "I think I understand now, Thranduil." He moved even closer, so close that he could feel the warmth of Thranduil's body heat against his own. "I understand completely." Before Thranduil could protest, or argue, or even question him, he leant down and softly brushed his lips over the Elvenking's. He felt Thranduil tense even further for a moment – but then he relaxed, and Celeborn realised his kiss was being returned. It did not last long, for they both pulled away in surprise after a moment or two, but their gazes remained locked and their faces remained close. "Oh, yes. I definitely understand." "Then enlighten me, for I am afraid I do not…" Thranduil whispered, and Celeborn couldn't help but smile down at him. He looked so lost and confused, resembling an Elfling more than ever before in his long life. "It is but a shadow of the love we feel for our lost wives, but it is enough for companionship. I did need you, yes, you were right about that, but… perhaps your King's Intuition does not reach your own needs, for I believe you have needed me in return for many, many years." He ran a hand through Thranduil's beautiful golden hair, his smile turning rather fond and loving as he gazed at him. "You are lost, like myself. It is only right that we have, in our turn, found each other. Now… now we can be happy. Complete. At home." It took a moment for Thranduil to react, but when he did it was exactly as Celeborn had hoped. A smile the exact mirror of the one on his own face appeared on Thranduil's, and he lifted a hand to thread it in the silvery-blonde hair spilling over his shoulder. "I understand now, Celeborn." He murmured softly, his eyes locked with Celeborn's. "Yes… yes, I understand." If Celeborn had wanted to respond, he was silenced by another kiss from the Elvenking. Not that he was complaining, of course. Fin.