on the bed, humming to herself. Alanna realised that she now had a physical form, something that she usually didn't have, not while wandering her own mind, anyway. She walked into the room and addressed the stranger, who had her back to her. 'Charlotte?' The girl turned around and stood up. Alanna discovered that Charlotte's appearance was completely different. She was blonde haired and fair skinned. She had cherry lips and was about half an inch shorter than Alanna. In fact, the only physical feature the two girls had in common was their sapphire blue eyes. 'That's me,' Charlotte answered. 'Wait, how did you get in here? You've never been able to get in here before.' Alanna sat down on the bed. 'I actually looked,' she replied. 'Do you have a rethos form?' 'Rethos,' Charlotte mused. 'I've heard of that.' 'You know, how I can become a wolf at will?' 'Oh yes. That's it.' Both girls were silent for considerable time, each waiting for the other to continue. 'And?' Alanna finally said. 'And what?' 'And what, pray tell, is your rethos form?' Alanna said through gritted teeth. 'This,' said Charlotte smugly. She closed her eyes, focused, and within a heartbeat a small tortoiseshell cat sat preening itself on the bed. About this time, Legolas, who had been pacing Alanna's bedroom nervously, turned around and almost screamed at the sight of a small tortoiseshell cat curled up where Alanna had been seconds before. He covered his mouth guiltily. I am so glad Alanna didn't see that, Legolas thought. She'd never let me forget it. Inside Alanna's head Alanna smiled and stroked the cat, who purred lazily for a while, then stretched and Alanna walked away and watched the cat turn into Charlotte again. 'You're very pretty.' Alanna told Charlotte. 'I know.' She practically preened. 'But I'm a lot more useful than just a pretty face. Look!' She changed back into a cat, focused on a darkened corner, and ran straight at it. Just when Alanna thought she would run straight into the wall, the shadows rippled like a mirror, and the cat passed right through. After a few seconds the cat bounded out of a different shadow and changed back into Charlotte. For once Alanna was speechless. Finally she found her voice. 'How did you DO that?' 'Oh, I'm a shadow cat. Means I can run through shadows to get to any destination I've been to or at least seen images of. It works outside as well. Cool, huh?' Charlotte was definitely preening now. 'Would it work for me, too, do you think, because we share the same body?' Alanna asked hopefully. Charlotte shrugged. 'Give it a try.' Alanna opened the door and looked out into her mind. Her own form, a shadowy grey wolf, was there prowling at the edges of her mind but there was no sign of a cat. At least, until a black, brown and white streak shot past her virtual head and shot under the bed. Alanna and Charlotte peered into the gloom underneath it. A pair of green eyes blinked back at them. 'I'd say it does work for you,' Charlotte said, dragging the cat out. It curled up on the end of the bed and started to our when Charlotte scratched its ears. Alanna focused on the cat, and soon the world grew and she was now a shadow cat. She spent some time exploring the Shadow-travel Ability until she suddenly remembered Legolas, waiting patiently, or rather, not-so patiently for her to return. She said her goodbyes to Charlotte and walked through the door, finding herself once more in her drifting mind. She pulled out of her trance slowly, and opened her eyes to see Legolas staring worriedly down at her. 'Allie! Thank goodness! I've been waiting nearly an hour. You were a cat for ages, then you changed back then you woke up. Is Charlotte's form a cat?' Alanna nodded, suddenly exhausted. She lay down and looked at Legolas. 'What are we going to do about my Father?' 'Lord Elrond is going to kill me. How am I ever going to tell him?' 'The question is, are you going to tell him?' 'Oh don't be silly. Of course I am.' 'If I promise to be incredibly careful in future and allow you to be overprotective, as you so often try to be, would you promise not to tell him? I mean, if he knew, it'd be straight back to Rivendell with me and no leaving Rivendell for the rest of my life.' 'Hmmmmm... It would mean no more adventures for either of us. Are you prepared for that?' 'It doesn't necessarily mean no more adventures. It just means that we'd have to be extra careful.' Legolas thought about it while Alanna helped herself to the tea and toast. 'Deal,' said Legolas finally, extending a hand. 'Deal,' agreed Alanna. They shook hands and upheld their respective ends of the bargain for thirty-eight years, by which time the matter had shifted to the back of both of their minds. But the back of Alanna's mind wasn't quite the safe place it used to be... A Note From Angela and Opal: Opal: Okay. I am new to the FanFiction writing thing unlike Angela so I'd really like to know what you all think of this. Angela wrote the first half-ish of this prologue and that was enough to get me started on the entire rest of the story. Kudos to Angela for coming up with the idea for the shadow-cat and the whole rethos idea. She also came up with the name for it so big thanks to Angela. Please review and tell us what you think. Angela: Opal and I can promise to post this semi-regularly and I can promise you all that this will NOT be abandoned. Opal: It would be kinda hard to abandon a story you've already written most of. Angela: Shhh! Opal: So, again, please review as we appreciate all feedback.