her shoulder. "The hell I will. You said I could go with you, and I am not leaving yet." She shoved a finger in his face. "And I'm a trained sword fighter. I won an award for it two years ago in Vermont." "It seems your memory is perfectly in tact." He spoke in a condescending tone. Kida froze as she remembered her lie. "Oh, yeah, sure." She muttered and stepped past Pippin to the second bed. "Whatever. Just help me stuff the beds and hide the hobbits. I don't know how much time we have." The hobbits helped but Aragorn just stared down at her. "And how do you know what is going to happen, girl?" He asked her. Kida stood up and waved her hand through the air. "Let's call me very educated. And, by the way, stop calling me girl. My name is Kida." She sassed him. "Kida Valentine. And at twenty-two I am no girl." "Compared to me-" Aragorn began with a smirk and she turned fully to him. "Compared to you my mother would be a girl, and she's fifty. But that doesn't mean it's alright to call me or her anything you'd call a child." Kida complained. The beds were stuffed and Aragorn just kept his smirk as he led the hobbits and Kida to a room across the road of the inn. The hobbits tucked in to his bed at his insistence and while Kida refused to do the same with the four, she sat with Aragorn by the window. It was a while later, when the boys save for Frodo were asleep, when Aragorn finally spoke in a small whisper. "How do you know as much as you do?" He asked Kida. He had Bonnie in his hands, the squirrel weaving between his fingers as he tried to grip her. The squirrel was obviously trying to get to his face, and he kept her running in his moving hands. "Who educated you?" Kida had to think before she came up with an answer, smiling. "A man named Tolkien." She didn't even have to lie, so there was no doubt in her voice. "And maybe I just know things. Instinct, sorta." Aragorn blew in the face of the little squirrel. "A clairvoyant, possibly?" He asked. "Um, sure. That sounds normal." She rolled her eyes and stared out the window. Frodo sat up and spoke in a small voice. "Do you know what's going to happen to me?" He asked her as he climbed out of the bed, not disturbing any of his friends. Kida felt a horrible guilt. Yes. He would go through a lot, go a little insane, be driven to solitude with Sam all because he wasn't safe with the ring. So much would happen and she couldn't tell him details. It felt like cheating. She knew they could get through the book without her, so telling them details might change all that. She forced herself to smile as he sat in a chair too large for him. "It doesn't work like that." She spoke nervously. A comforting hand went out and pat him on the shoulder. "But you'll be fine." He sank into the large chair. Frodo didn't look entirely convinced, or at all comforted. Kida felt worse looking at him and she squeezed her eyes shut. She couldn't do this. She couldn't live her favorite story. Just watching the movie made her feel all this pain and anticipation, and now she was in it, wanting to practically die. And she very well could along this trip. She knew who would, what would happen. Kida could die, in a second, at any point. Maybe tonight when the ringwraiths came, if she wasn't careful. Taking a deep breath, she forced herself not to panic, not to leave the room she knew was safe, and open her eyes. Aragorn was looking at her with slight concern, and Frodo was too distracted with Bonnie to notice. The squirrel looked so large compared to the hobbit, curling in Frodo's lap. Aragorn looked like he might open his mouth to speak, but then the three of them heard hoof beats. Ringwraiths. Kida moved away from the window, on her knees in front of Frodo, and shushed Frodo as his mouth opened. Aragorn watched out of the window. The ringwraiths moved into the inn across the way, and Kida imagined their footsteps, timed it, knew when they would be stabbing into the beds. Then a loud, high shriek that startled Kida even though she expected it. The sound was nothing like the one in the movie. Sam gasped awake and sat up. More shrieking followed, Merry and Pippin startling up as well. Kida put her finger to her mouth while looking at them just to make sure they'd stay silent. As the wringwraiths left Frodo moved to the window to watch them ride off in fury. "What are they?" Frodo asked Aragorn. He quickly glanced at Frodo and then looked away. "They were once men. Great Kings of men. Then Sauron the deceiver gave to them Nine Rings of Power. Blinded by their greed they took them without question, one by one falling into darkness and now they are slaves to his will. They are the Nazgul, Ringwraiths, neither living or dead. At all times they feel the presence of the ring... Drawn to the power of the one. They will never stop hunting you." Kida felt a weight at that statement. It felt threatening, and she picked Bonnie up from the chair she perched in. She sat against the wall, holding her squirrel and watching Aragorn forcing Frodo back into the bed. Now that they were safe he left the room momentarily. When he came back he had a pillow and blanket, and held them out to Kida. She gave in and set up a bed next to her violin. an/ so please review if you like it~! any comments or questions... im desperate haha