the flet beneath him. "I could never deny your good sense, my love." Celuwen's laughter echoed around them. "It is well that you do not try." Then there was no more time for talk, as Eilian loved his wife beneath the silent trees. The wind gusted in from the sea, carrying the sharp scent of brine and fish, whipping through the leaves of the birch forest that approached its shores. Eilian took a long breath, testing the difference between the sea scent here and that which had surrounded them on the ship which had been their home since they had left the Havens. It seemed fresher, more bracing—tingling with a life that had only slowly made itself known as the ship approached the ports of Valinor. In his hand, Celuwen's fingers tightened. He looked around and smiled at her, then laid his hand once again against one of the great gray trunks that loomed over them. These trees felt alien, in some ways—shimmering and aware in a manner that even the trees of Eryn Lasgalen had never been—but they were alive , and energetically responsive, and his wood elf fea rejoiced in this new communion. Celuwen, too, rested in close contact with one of the massive trunks, stroking the bark lightly, breathing in the odd, heady mixture of sea and forest that surrounded them. At any other time he might have been content for hours here, but he was too anxious to linger even in this pleasure for long. Celuwen smiled at him and kissed his fingers. "Let us go." "You are ready?" "You are past ready." She stepped out of the shade, pulling him behind her. "We will be back." Eilian followed his wife eagerly, casting a single glance back at the looming wood before leaping lightly onto the worn path. They had started to see cottages dotting the hillside and tucked into the trees, small homes that banished the out-of-place feeling that they had both known upon disembarking and looking upon the high, bold, bejeweled structures of thousands of years, the homes of the wise and the great who had governed in not only Valinor but also in the Elven dominions of Middle-Earth for time untold. Son of a king he might be, and impressed by the magnificence and splendor before him, but he could not imagine living in such a place, and his settlement-loving wife had viewed the glory of Valinor with even less enthusiasm than he. Elrond and Celebrian had welcomed them, offering the comforts of their home. The older Elves had rejoiced in the news that they would soon share grandchildren, and further in the prospect of a reunion with their sons. "These are indeed joyous tidings," Celebrian declared, drawing Celuwen into a firm embrace, and in her eyes Eilian saw nothing of the pain and horror that had driven her to Valinor from her home in Imladris. It is true, he realized, feeling something far within himself begin to uncoil. He wondered if indeed some long-forgotten trace of Shadow still touched his own fea, which might even now be slowly disappearing. It is just as the tales say. They would have been welcome to stay indefinitely, but Elrond and Celebrian understood their haste and had provided direction which would lead them to the place where the greater part of Thranduil's people had settled. Even now, as they moved along the track and into a more populated area, their arrival was beginning to draw attention. Cries drifted from every side, waves, calls of welcome. The familiar faces of years past appeared from homes and over hills, drifted from beneath the trees, and he felt Celuwen's hand trembling in his own. When he looked down at her, however, nothing but a fierce joy shone from her eyes. He had inquired after the placement of his brother's home before leaving Elrond's house, but that effort turned out to be largely unnecessary. They split from the main path and started down the grassy hill toward a row of cottages near the shore, only to walk directly into a fair-haired Elf as he rounded a smoothed-off boulder in the path. For a moment Eilian simply stared, and Legolas managed nothing better. His little brother was … yes, he was whole and unshadowed, straight and tall and radiating a peace that Eilian had rarely seen from him in Mirkwood. He grinned suddenly, his joy overflowing, and seized Legolas's shoulders. "Mae govannen, brat." "Eilian!" Legolas flung himself into Eilian's arms, and pounded his back, and laughed, the sound drifting away to mix with the crash of the waves and the cry of the gulls. They parted reluctantly and Legolas seized Celuwen in a fierce embrace, then returned to Eilian once more. Finally, they stepped away, and Legolas ran a hand over his tightly braided hair. "You're here." "Very observant." His brother laughed again. "Some things haven't changed, I hope." Legolas looked beyond them. "Is Adar …?" "Still in Eryn Lasgalen." Eilian pressed Legolas's shoulder. "But he will not be much longer, I think." Legolas nodded, and squeezed Eilian's hand. "But you're here." The broad grin spread across his face, and he swept his arm toward the path. "Come. Come see my home. We have … so many years to cover. I have wine and cheese and bread, are you hungry?" "Starving." Eilian glanced back up the path. "But were you not going somewhere?" "Nothing I cannot miss." Legolas turned down toward the sea. "Anyway, Annael will know you have come and will not be expecting me." He chuckled. "It is difficult to keep any arrival a secret here." "Much like home." Celuwen grinned, and Legolas ducked his head. "Exactly like home." "That is good. Because this is home now." Eilian put an arm around Celuwen's waist, and slung his other across Legolas's shoulders, and pulled them both down the path toward his brother's home. They had years to cover, indeed, and all the time on Valinor in which to do it.