as long as it stayed beautiful and …" Sam's voice broke into a sob, and snapped me out of my daze. "… and innocent and green …" His shoulders shook. I laid a hand on his arm and Sam leaned into it, his shoulder nearly touching mine. "And then we were saved." His voice took on a tone of puzzled wonder. "Saved. Even now I can't believe it sometimes. We finished the quest—Mr. Frodo did it, he finished it—and we thought we would die, neither of us had anything left … but then we were saved and it was all over. For a little while it seemed like everything was good again. Like none of it could ever touch us anymore." Sam's shoulders shook again, and he curled his face down into his knees, rubbing his eyes on his trousers. Somehow I knew what was coming, and my heart ached for him—for all of them—and I tightened my grip. I don't know if he even noticed. "And then we came back here, Rosie, and the Shire wasn't ..." Sam shook his head and scooted closer, and I leaned into him, shoulder to shoulder. "It's not green or … or innocent anymore. It's all torn up and burnt down and …" He took a shaky breath. "And now it seems somehow like all those other things aren't really gone, either. Like we maybe didn't completely leave them behind, like I carried some of it here along with me when I hoped it was all gone for good, and now the Shire is the worst of it because we can't escape it. We can't go anywhere or run from it. This is home ." His voice trailed off, and soft sobs overtook him. They tore right into my heart, and I knew then and there that there was something worse than having to listen to all those horrible stories. It was listening to my Samwise cry. I wouldn't let it keep on, not if I could do anything to stop it. I leaned into him and reached for his cheek. Sam's skin was rough beneath my fingers, battered with weather and travel. I pulled his head away from his knees and turned his face toward me, and my heart was hammering so hard that I could barely breathe. His eyes glittered with tears even in the moon-washed dark, and I tasted the salty wetness when I pressed my lips against his. I didn't know what he'd do—Sam hadn't spoken before he left all those months ago, though I'd hoped he would—but his hand came up to grip my curls and he returned my hesitant gesture with an intensity that left me in no doubt of my welcome. For a long minute my entire world narrowed to my racing heart and Sam's ragged breathing and his warm lips on mine. Suddenly, though, he broke off, pulling away as if a hornet had stung him. I opened my eyes and he was staring at me, tense and shocked. "Rosie …" "No, Sam." I touched his cheek again and Sam's own hand followed slowly, fingertips brushing mine. His eyes were wide with surprise and wonder. "When you need somebody, you come to me, you understand? I know you won't be wanting to worry Mr. Frodo and the others, but it seems like you'll be needing to talk sometimes, and when you do, you find me and I'll listen. There's no need for you to be sitting out here alone in the dark." Sam's grip tightened, and he let out a long, slow breath. "Rosie, I …" "Sam?" Neither of us had been paying any attention to the yard around us, and we weren't expecting the sudden fall of yellow lantern light. Mr. Merry's voice was relieved. "Sam, they said you left almost an hour ago without saying where, and we didn't know—" He trailed off, and for a long minute we all three just stared at each other. Mr. Merry's gaze flickered from Samwise to me and then back again, and I thought I saw a hint of a smile starting—though it could have just been the mix of light and shadows from the lantern. He stepped back and nodded, directing his next words to me. "You take good care of him, Rosie." "I will, and you needn't ask it!" I was horrified even as I blurted the words. But I'd known Sam forever, and even though he'd been away with Mr. Frodo and the others for so long—even though I could see that these important Hobbits thought the whole world of him—it still felt wrong for Mr. Merry to be asking me to take care of Sam. I would have done that anyway. I hoped—oh, I hoped —that Samwise might even want me keep on with it. I shook that thought away and ducked my head, smiling a shy apology. "I'm sorry, Mr. Merry. I only … of course I will." He didn't seem upset. In fact, his smile widened and to my surprise, he swept a brief bow. "I have no doubt of it, Miss Rose." Mr. Merry glanced toward Samwise, and his eyes danced in the flickering light. "In fact, I'll just leave you to it." He backed away, still grinning, then swung around toward the front of the family hole. I looked to Samwise as Mr. Merry disappeared, and what I saw in his eyes before the last flash of lantern light faded sent shivers straight through me, from the top of my head to the bottom of my toes. "Rosie …" Sam whispered again. He tightened his grip on my fingers, and brushed my curls with his free hand, and then his lips found mine again. I relaxed against him and let myself fall into it. Our first kiss had been that anxious and desperate and needy—comfort given and received in a world where everything else seemed to lay in ruins around us. Our second kiss was something else completely.