Do you wish to hear of my long battles against our former ally's honeyed words and his ill-begotten powers?" His jaw clenched. "Do you wish to hear that my escape was not even of my own design, but only came about because Gwaihir arrived to deliver news and agreed to bear me away? Do you—" "Peace!" Mithrandir jerked to a halt, words and movement arrested by the slicing command in the Elf lord's tone. Elrond glided from behind the desk, deposited the food on a small table near the wizard's seat, and circled around to address his companion. "Now. Listen well. I do wish to hear of these things. Even the smallest detail might have some bearing on our counsels, as you well know." His companion crossed his arms and glowered, but finally offered a reluctant nod. "That is not, however, my only purpose here. My concern as a healer, a friend, and an ally leads me to gather what information I may regarding this forced adventure of yours. I ask you, does this seem unreasonable?" The grey wizard stared for a long moment, then turned abruptly, crossed to the abandoned chair, and reclaimed his seat. The grey head dropped into shaking hands, and Mithrandir dug savagely at his temples before shaking his head. "It does not." The anger had bled from his voice, leaving only fatigue and pain. "Forgive me, my friend. I—" "There is no need. Your path of late has been treacherous, full of sorrow and fear. We are each allowed our moments." Elrond moved to retrieve the plate and held it out, standing stationary before the wizard until Mithrandir finally relieved him of his burden. "You ask what I wish from you. I wish you to eat, to rest, to allow me to examine you and tend your hurts." His voice rose over the wizard's wordless rejection. "Istar you may be, but indestructible you are not. I wish you to recover yourself, now , before the Halflings arrive or some other task calls you away." "There is little time for coddling. The—" "There must be!" Elrond hissed, blocking another attempt to rise. "My coddling, as you say, is not for you alone, but for us all! Our time grows short, and we look to you, Mithrandir. We require your wisdom and your strength if we are to have any hope at all in these dark days. At the moment, I would not trust you to find your own room unaided." The wizard hesitated, and Elrond shook his head furiously. "You will not gainsay me in this!" Mithrandir sighed and rubbed at his tangled beard. Finally he nodded, avoiding Elrond's eyes. "They do not call you wise for naught, my friend." He picked a roll of flatbread and cheese, held it before him, and regarded it with an utter lack of interest. Elrond retrieved the empty glass from the side table and returned to the desk to refill it. When he returned, Mithrandir had neither eaten nor moved. Elrond drew a long breath and set the wine aside. "Mithrandir …" "We were sent to battle the rising Shadow, not to seek dominion for ourselves." The wizard's voice dropped. "Not to aid it. Not to increase the discord that Morgoth and his followers have ever wrought upon Arda and her people." "Mithrandir." Elrond forced aside for the moment thoughts of Hobbits and planning and Rings, and gripped his companion's shoulder. The red-rimmed eyes finally rose to meet his. "I share your grief, grey wizard—not only for this betrayal of all of our hopes, but for the more personal betrayal you have endured at his hands. It is a bitter thing to bear." The wizard sighed. " Am I a fool, Elrond, for not seeing it? Ever has he been high and proud, but … Am I an utter dullard for not expecting—" "If you are, so are the rest of us as well." An undignified snort greeted this admission. "A party of fools, then. I am in good company, at least." Elrond was relieved to feel the tense shoulder relax beneath his fingers. "When did you last sleep a full night?" Mithrandir's lips twisted. "When did I leave the Shire?" "Ah." It was, perhaps, a gift of Eru Himself that the wizard was still on his feet. Elrond nodded toward the untouched food. "Eat. Bathe. Sleep in warmth and safety. Gather your thoughts. When you have put them in order, we will discuss all that has befallen." "The Hobbits …" "You trust Aragorn, yes?" Mithrandir's lips pursed. "Of course, but—" "Then trust him to bring them here. You have done what you are able." For a long moment their eyes locked, and then, to Elrond's relief, the wizard capitulated. "Very well. I …" He shook his head and rubbed at his eyes. "I am very tired." "Indeed." Elrond did not attempt to hide the dry sarcasm. "Wizards!" Mithrandir sighed. "Aye. Wizards." Wizards . Curunír's defection was indeed a grievous loss, yet Elrond could imagine far worse. Fewer than a handful of people existed without whom Elrond might doubt what small hope remained to them, and the white wizard was not among them. He pressed the grey-clad shoulder and then released it, relieved when Mithrandir finally— finally —took an unenthusiastic mouthful of bread and cheese. "I go to ensure that your rooms are—" "Sit, Eärendilion." He paused, a new knot of tension springing into his gut. "There is more? I—" "No." Mithrandir looked away, and Elrond had the puzzling impression that the wizard was embarrassed. "There is no more, but … just sit." Ah. The brief silence threatened to grow awkward for them both—the grey wizard was typically not one to openly admit such vulnerability. This was not, however, a typical situation. Elrond nodded, and slid into the opposite seat, fixing his eyes on the crackling fire. "The fire is pleasant, is it not?" "Indeed." Mithrandir took another bite, and together they sat in silence, staring into the flames.