for the mind of the One alone?" "Say it not!" Aragorn stumbled to his feet, anger surging again to the fore. His pipe clattered to the ground, forgotten. " Think it not! You surely know better than—" "Peace." Gandalf rose as well, the hidden Maia veiled once more. He pressed Aragorn's shoulder with a strong hand. "I do know this. I think it not." The hand withdrew, and Gandalf pulled again at his pipe, turning away. A red smoke ring hovered between them. "My purpose is not to make a query, but a point." Appeased and, in truth, slightly embarrassed by his forceful reaction, Aragorn offered a curt nod. Gandalf returned the gesture slowly, his eyes yet intense. "It is good and wise to consider the future, my friend, but the attempt to give it shape is a dangerous business." Aragorn turned the wizard's words in his head, considering. They felt right to his heart, but they brought a fear into his breast as well. His own words were reluctant. "How shall I know, then, whether I am leading us aright?" "How would you know it even if you should manage to conjure up some vision you believed worthy of pursuit?" Gandalf drifted to the broken base of the Seat and scooped up a handful of mingled dirt and crumbling stone. "Such a goal, one not given as gift but created instead by the wishful thinking of your own mind, is far more dangerous than any unseen path." He opened his fingers, and the fine contents cascaded silently back to the earth. "The kingdoms and palaces we create within ourselves have less substance even than the fading memories of ancient glory. They fail to exist at all, in any time or place. We cannot reach them no matter how we might try, and any attempt to do so will lead only to heartbreak and ruin." The silence was profound. Gandalf sank onto the lowest stable step with a sigh. Leaves rustled, and a log settled into the fire. Aragorn rubbed both hands briskly over his face. "Then you would counsel that I move forward blind?" "No!" The wizard's mouth curved into a faint smile. "Indeed not." He motioned to the worn step, and Aragorn sat beside him. "Your dedication to your destiny does you much credit, son of Arathorn, but remember your own words—it is not a destiny of your own design. You are neither its author nor its primary mover." Gandalf tapped Aragorn's chest lightly. "You trust that you were meant to bear this destiny." Aragorn nodded. "Then give yourself to it fully, and trust also that you will be given the necessary grace and strength at the appointed times. There is both freedom and peace in accepting that the fate of Middle Earth rests on far greater shoulders than yours." The wizard let the pronouncement hang for a moment, then clapped Aragorn's arm. "Trust me, Dúnedan, for it is this knowledge that has kept me hopeful and sane for far longer than you have lived." They sat long in the warm evening then, each smoking and thinking such thoughts as came to him. Finally, Aragorn nodded. "I will remember your words, my friend. They are wise." Gandalf snorted and rose, eyes twinkling. "You expected otherwise?" "No!" Aragorn laughed, joining him. "Never! Your counsel has ever been good." "Ah! Now your words are wise as well." They shared a grin, then Gandalf motioned toward the Seat, a dark bulwark above them. "If you've a mind to listen to more, go back up and look again. You may not see your future path, but it can still show much, and is quite an extraordinary view. Take a moment to appreciate it for what it is." Aragorn squinted toward the chair. "I fear it would be in vain, as I have not the eyes of any night creature." "Hmm?" Gandalf blinked and peered around them, apparently only just aware that darkness had fallen while they sat. "Ah yes. Well, tomorrow then, before we depart." His grin returned, and he motioned Aragorn toward the fire. "Tonight you may cook for us, as payment for my labors in setting our camp while you stood idle, attempting the impossible." Rain set in during the early morning hours, however, and did not cease with the coming of day. They broke their camp hastily, having spent a good portion of the night crouching beneath an overhang that jutted from one of the ruined battlements. Gandalf crammed his pointed hat tightly onto his head, muttering beneath his breath and glaring as if the Seat itself had gainsaid his advice. "Just like the weather, to take no heed for perfectly good counsel. Far less impressive this way, without the view to drive it home." Aragorn laughed, hoisting his wet pack. "Your words stand on their own, my friend. If it pleases you, however, I shall stand upon the Seat if I ever pass this way again, and think of them, and be suitably impressed by it all." "Good, good." Gandalf slung his own baggage over his shoulder and began to pick his way down the hill, leaning heavily on his staff. "See that you do." Sliding his arms through the pack straps, Aragorn snickered at the old, bent back, then looked once more toward the Seat of Seeing. If there was indeed anything more for him to learn here, it would have to wait for another day. Aragorn turn his back on the ruined walls, settled his pack more comfortably, and followed the broken path away from Amon Hen. Do you not know, Boromir, or do you choose to forget the North Stair, and the high seat upon Amon Hen, that were made in the days of the great kings? I at least have a mind to stand in that high place again, before I decide my further course. There, maybe, we shall see some sign that will guide us. ~~The Great River, The Fellowship of the Ring