cautiously into the Hobbit's dark eyes. "This is normal?" Sam couldn't quite believe it—the whole city would be filled with folk trapped inside their own heads. Strider, though, only shrugged. "Not if by 'normal' you mean it occurs often, or to everyone. But it is not unknown for one who has been through a traumatic occurrence to experience these interruptions. I have seen it." "And what … happened to them?" The King's grip was comforting. "Most often, nothing. Our minds are marvelously complex, Sam, and this may be simply some part of its process for coming to terms with all that has happened." "Most often?" Strider sighed. "I have seen it twice where the interruptions continued, eventually interfering with normal life." It was an awful thought, and Sam's heart beat faster. Aragorn seemed to sense it, or perhaps he had been watching. "Other factors were involved, and I do not anticipate it here." He had to trust Aragorn—the Man knew far more than Sam Gamgee. It was unsettling, though, and didn't fix his original problem. He was about to renew his request for a sleep draught when Strider tilted his head, eyeing Sam oddly. "Is there aught wrong with these ceiling tiles, Master Hobbit?" Sam gaped, but Aragorn did not miss the quick, haunted glance—the eighth, perhaps, since he had entered—that the Hobbit cast upward before catching his eye. "The ceiling?" He was baffled. "What do you mean?" Doubtless, Sam had no idea it was even happening. Aragorn was uncertain what this odd new mannerism might mean, but he did know that it was not one he had previously associated with this Hobbit. Somehow, it must be significant. "Just this. Since I have come, you have often looked up, and have seemed uncomfortable while doing so. It is not a thing I normally see from you." "Looked up… " Sam's brow furrowed. Finally he shrugged, offering an embarrassed grin. "You know, it's silly, but I think it's … well, the sky's been so dark and heavy lately, with all the rain. It's put me in a bit of a mood." "How so?" "It's everywhere, isn't it? Just hanging so low above us." Sam shivered. "It's like I can feel it." "Feel what?" "The sky! Pressing down. Making it hard to breathe. It's like… " Sam trailed off, and stared suddenly. The King straightened. "Sam?" "It reminds me of Mordor," the Hobbit whispered. "How so?" Sam was glad for Strider's calm, even tone. It helped him to control the sweeping embarrassment. How could he not realize? "Does the sky there look as this one?" Aragorn's voice was doubtful. "I do not remember it so, but perhaps it has changed since my time there." "No." Sam huffed out a breath. What a ninnyhammer you are, Sam Gamgee. "It doesn't look anything like this. It wasn't wet, it was bone dry." He sighed, feeling suddenly worn and beaten. Would it never be over? It was all in the past now. Why couldn't it stay there? "But it was just … so heavy. All the time. It was hard to even stand up under it some days. And…" "And these constant low clouds may not look the same, but to you, so recently returned from another heavy sky, they feel the same." Strider nodded, pressing Sam's shoulder. "I deem this likely to be source of your sleeping problems, and your episodes of this morning." He smiled. "Once the skies clear, I doubt not that you will feel much improved." "I hope so." Sam sighed, then lifted an eyebrow. "In the meantime, what about that sleeping draught?" "What do you mean, no?" Aragorn smothered a smile. For all his diminutive size, Samwise Gamgee could truly make his displeasure felt. Instead, he rose. "I dislike resorting to such measures without need. The effects of such draughts may often be unpleasant." "Without need!" Sam started after him, but Aragorn stilled him with a glare. "Those feet should not take any weight yet today." The Hobbit settled once more and scowled, crossing his arms. "I told you, I've not had a good night's sleep in—" "Perhaps you would be willing to hear me out, Samwise?" Sam fell silent, mouth still open, then blushed beet red. "Sorry, Strider," he mumbled. "I told you I've not been too easy to live with lately." "It is forgotten, my friend." Aragorn nodded. "I will prepare packets of athelas. Crush the contents of one and sprinkle it into warm water near the head of your bed. You may soak a towel as well, laying it upon your chest while you sleep. I believe this will aid your rest without the use of stronger medicine." He canted his head. "What say you?" The Hobbit nodded, returning the King's smile. "I say thanks, and no mistake." "Get that away!" Sam batted his master's hands aside. "I'm not sleeping with no wet towel!" "Now, Sam." Frodo plopped the dripping towel across Sam's chest and arms. "Remember what Aragorn said. You're—" "He said I may soak a towel." He was already wet. There was no point to arguing. Sam subsided, grumbling, and was almost sure he heard a faint snicker. "You're enjoying this, aren't you?" Frodo attempted to look wounded by the accusation. He failed. "Sam! How can you think such a thing? I'm—" "Happy to get back at me for all my fussing, I'm sure." Frodo snorted laughter. "Well, now that you mention it…" Good humor sparkled in his eyes, and Sam was glad of it. If this ridiculousness helped Mr. Frodo, he was more than willing. He relaxed, wriggling beneath the weight of the towel. Frodo's hand on his arm stilled him. "I regret this has happened, Sam, and I wish for you to sleep well tonight." His master's eyes were solemn again. Sam sighed. "Aye, of course I know, Mr. Frodo." "Good." Frodo patted his arm. "Get some sleep. We'll see you don't wander off again." He turned to exit, chuckling fondly. "Stubborn Hobbit."