placed into a frown, he looked miserable. "I want to give you this." His voice was deep and almost like a questioning tone, he opened his palm and inside was a old-fashioned flute, it had a green leaf like band wrapped around it, and some strange but beautiful marks on it, from some language that I didn't know. "I…it's beautiful, Mark, but what is it for? What are the letterings? Why did you give this to me?" The questions would have just kept pouring out of my mouth, if it weren't for Mark holding up his hand. "It's a very important gift, one that you can only use, not me, not Anthony, not anyone else, just you, but don't let it get in the hands of those who are your enemies, for it is magical, here is this note…you…you w-will learn in the future how to read it." He shoved a piece of paper in my hands with the flute. He stuttered I think for the first time in his life, he never stutters! Something was wrong, something was very wrong. I was about to say 'Magical'? "Mark, why are you nervous? And you didn't answer my other question, why are you giving this to me?" I said with a worried tone. Anthony, finally came into the room with a beer in his hand, and leaned against the wall, as he studied the scene before him he took a swig. "What's going on?" He said as soon as he noticed my worried glance. "Nothing, just giving Ada a gift." Mark said in a hasty tone. Anthony raised an eye brow and came over to me giving me a hug, "You have a safe trip now, and be back about ten, okay?" "Okay, I'll try to be back, but then again I might want to spend some more time with my boyfriend (cough cough Rain)." I said with a smirk. "Well, just don't forget to tell your 'boyfriend' that if he keeps you too long I'm coming down, got it?" He said while giving me a nuggie. "Well, even though this is a weird gift, it's beautiful and I'll accept it." As I said the last part he cringed, almost like he didn't want me to accept it. But despite that he gave me the gift, so I went up and hugged him, and tried to do so lightly because of my back, but he was hugging me like it's the last time he'll ever see me again, and this hurt so bad I shoved my face into his chest to stop myself from screaming yet again, this was really odd of him to squeeze me this hard, but I had to go if I wanted to see Rain, I'll deal with him later I thought. "Dude, why are you hugging her for soooooooo loooooonnnnng? She is in so much pain from your stench she looks like she is going to cry! " Anthony dragged the first sentence on. Mark let go of me, and looked down at me. Was that a tear in his eye? No, it can't be, he is not as tough as Ana, but he's no weakling either. "Mark I'm just going to see Rain, I'm not running away or anything!" I said suddenly, I was really anxious to go, but I didn't want to see him cry! "I know, it's just I haven't seen you in a while and I guess I'm a little tired is all, and the fact your going." He mumbled the last part and looked down. "Well, I guess I can stay here, if you want." He looked up at me with light shone in his eyes for a brief second, then it disappeared, he didn't answer right away, almost like he was fighting to say something but decided against it. "N-no, you go. But always remember mom's song she used to sing, keep it close and never - and I mean never - forget it." He said in a stern voice. I saluted him, "Yes, sire." "It's sir." Anthony corrected. "I know." I winked then left. Why is she allowed to drive you say? Well, since Ana is too lazy to drive me every time I want to go to McMurry's ranch, he decided to get me a slip that says I'm allowed to drive for 15 miles, but 15 is it because if I get caught outside of the limit then I'm good as gone. As I was driving, there was this deer running up the road near a bend, but it wasn't running across it was running up the road. I thought that is odd, because deer don't do that. Then as I was turning the bend a large truck came around also, except it didn't turn, instead it T-boned me right off the cliff. I saw it coming but didn't have any time to think as we both tumbled over the cliff. My life flashed past my eyes, and just before it actually hit me I took a deep breath, then impact. It hit me like a thousand bulls ramming into a fragile little doll, then the falling, then everything was whooshing past. I should have died on impact, but I didn't. I felt the hot pain in my side, then we hit the wall then bounced off, every time we hit the ground or the wall I felt the metal deeply imbedded in my side go deeper and deeper into me, and when we finally hit the ground I whispered one last thing before flames engulfed me, the wreckage and the other truck with the man that hit me. "What a way to die." Author's note: Well thought I should end it there, sorry for the boringness of the chapter but thought it was the best way to start it, so bare with me the first two chapters! But you know what would do me good? A review! So please can I have one from you? Please?