neck. Black blood sprayed her face as she fell back, and she choked on it. Her strength finally left her then, and she fell down to her knees panting. The stench of the blood on her face made her retch, and she puked again, emptying what little else she had in her stomach onto the ruined ground, and then collapsing beside it. Her vision darkened a bit as the man that she had saved stood over her. That was sweet of him. Kit slipped in and out of consciousness, but the battle had been half finished when she and the first boy had arrived, and there were few of the ugly creatures left, although many of the villagers had also fallen. The noise of battle trailed off, but was replaced with the keen wailing of the injured and those who had lost loved ones. The man stepped back and crouched down beside her. He spoke, but again she had no idea what it was that he was saying. Looking at him, she tried to push herself up. He reached out to catch her, supporting her. "I'm way too bloody tired for this." She mumbled. She clearly wasn't in England any more. Which explained their weird clothes and houses, although what the hell the ugly creatures that had been attacking where, she had no idea. "Look, I'm lost. Is there someone here who speaks English? Enggggglishhhh." She drew out the word slowly, trying to make it as obvious as possible. "Like tea and crumpets, although I guess I could cope with Americans and their lack of u's as long as they know how to get me home." She was rambling, too exhausted to stop herself, even though she was clearly confusing the young man. "Eng-lish?" He repeated, pointing at her. "Yes, that's right. English." He pointed at himself and smiled at her. "Algar. Allllgaaar." Okay, so the drawn out thing was irritating. She must remember to try not to do that too. But what was more important was that Algar was a name. She knew it. It was like… a composer or something. She hadn't listened to Classical FM for a while, but it was definitely familiar. And definitely not a language. Shaking her head, she sat herself up properly, facing him. "No, no! I'm Kit. English is the language." She explained, and then realised that he wouldn't be able to understand. Pointing at herself, she said, "Kit. I'm Kit." She pointed at him next. "Like you're Algar, I'm Kit. Oh, and English is my language. My words." She indicated with her hands at her mouth, trying to get the idea of words across to him. It took a little while, before he began to understand, and gave her a name in return that she certainly hadn't heard of. Kit sighed, scrunching her shoulders up. "This is going to be tough." Algar stood up, and then leaned forward to pick up her sword. Cleaning it on one of the dead creatures, he handed it back to her, and then with a smile helped her up. She brushed herself off, trying to hide a slight stagger, and then managed to totter after him as he left the battlefield. The villagers had gathered away from the half burnt out village and were arguing g heatedly. Algar was greeted by a sot covered woman who threw her arms around him joyfully, and the boy from the stream, who waved at Kit, greeting her with something she didn't understand. "Oh. Hello again. I'm glad you're okay." There was blood on him, but he was clearly more or less okay, because he didn't look too battered. Smiling at her, perhaps understanding her tone, he offered her a flask, which she sniffed at, before taking a drink. It was water, clean and cool, and she gulped some down, and then looked over at Algar. The younger boy nodded, and indicated him, so Kit passed the flask onto him, who drank from it gratefully. He passed it back to the boy, and then started to talk to the older woman animatedly. Kit heard her name, but then zoned out of the excited talk, even when the other boy joined in, looking at the villagers around her. They were tired looking, and many were injured. They were mostly blonde or red headed though, which surprised Kit. Her own mousy blonde hair was one of the darker shades in the group. Perhaps they were somewhere Scandinavian. A prod in her arm brought her attention back to Algar. He indicated the woman to her, and then spoke in his language. Kit thought she caught a name, and so repeated it cautiously. "Mae?" She asked, pointing at the woman, who nodded. Kit smiled, and offered her hand to shake. "It's nice to meet you. I assume you're Algar's mother?" There was a general look of confusion, and Kit laughed a little, having had forgotten about the language barrier. She reached out, gently taking the woman's hand and shaking it to show her the greeting. "It's nice to meet you, Mae." The woman frowned, and but allowed the strange movement, saying something that sounded like a greeting in her own language, which Kit tried to catch but had difficulty following the complex new language. The boy was introduced next, and looking at him, Kit assumed that he was Algar's brother. They had the same straw-coloured blonde hair as their mother too, and bright brown eyes, plus a cute little dimple in their chins. He was introduced as Leax, a name that Kit found a little hard to copy the first time, but he offered his hand to shake without hesitation. He greeted her again, and this time she tried to copy it, causing a laugh from the three. Kit frowned, but Algar patiently corrected her, letting her copy him until she got it right, and then grinning brightly at her. Kit couldn't help but smile back, feeling that she had finally achieved something.