otherwise. Sam didn't know what to do; at least Frodo wasn't ordering him away, or demanding to be left entirely alone. Still, he couldn't come up with anything he could do to ease his master's mental turmoil. "Mr. Frodo, is your shoulder hurtin' you again? Can I do anything to help?" Frodo shook his head. "It's as good as ever it is, Sam, these days. My head is better, too. Where is your bedroll? Perhaps if we stay over here, a bit apart from the others, I'll be able to sleep better." The Ringbearer knew better than to suggest Sam allow him to sleep on the edge of camp by himself, and although solitude appealed to him in a way at the moment, another part of him desperately wished for someone to stay close by. Sam wasn't quite satisfied; generally Frodo needed to talk things out to clear his mind, and Sam didn't quite understand where his master was going with this talk of the old days. Still, he did seem better than he had been; perhaps this was one time when the Ringbearer had to fight his own mental battles. "All right then, you stay right here while I go fetch my things, all right?" Seeing Frodo nod and edge back into his bedroll, Sam stood, stretching, and began gathering his pack, bedroll and blanket from where they'd ended up around the camp. Aragorn sat up from where he'd been dozing near the fire, and beckoned to Sam. "How is he?" the Ranger whispered, quietly so as not to wake the rest of the Company. Sam sighed; "He's right enough, I guess. He says his shoulder's painin' him some, but not no worse than he's been used to now, and that his head's a bit better. Says he thinks as he can sleep. Wants to stay over on the edge of camp, though." Aragorn nodded, thinking to himself. "I'll come over and sleep nearer you two, just in case…don't worry, I'll position myself so he won't see me. On other thing, Sam – see if you can get him to drink this. It's only tea, but it may help him to sleep." Wordlessly, Sam took the tea, silently assenting to the Ranger's proposition and nodding his thanks. "Here now, Mr. Frodo, have a drink of this afore you fall all the way asleep. Strider says it'll help you sleep." Frodo grunted; he was well accustomed to dozens, it seemed, of Elvish teas intended to help him sleep. Some were good, but more tasted like burnt cornmeal. As he was starting to feel sleepy, however, he didn't feel that he would win the argument if he tried to refuse the tea. "Give it here, then…you folk seem happiest when pouring some remedy or other into me…" Sam handed him the cup, then set about spreading his bedroll and removing a few of the larger rocks from the ground he was preparing to sleep on. He'd discovered within the first few days that in this area, the benefits did not outweigh the sleep lost in picking out the dozens of stones half-embedded in the ground. It was easier to leave them and deal with the muscle pain they caused each night later. Turning back to Frodo, he noted that the fact that Frodo'd drunk the entire cup of tea indicated that this was one of Strider's more pleasant teas. "All right, then, sir?" "All right, Sam." Settling down, near enough to one another to hear the other's breathing, the two Hobbits nestled into their bedrolls. Squirming to avoid the rocks as best he could, Frodo pushed aside the thoughts of sorrow, war and blood in favor of starlight, giggling hobbit-children, and the days when life was simple. Whatever his future might hold, whatever atrocities were going on in other parts of Middle-earth – all he could do was focus on the good. For it was these things that he was trying to protect, and if he gave in to the darkness that haunted him, if he lost hope, there would be no hope for the good things he had known to continue to bless others. Listening to Sam's steady breathing as the gardener drifted off to sleep, Frodo never heard Aragorn stealthily bedding himself down a few yards behind him, nor did he notice a few minutes later when Gandalf rose and gently placed his hand on Frodo's forehead to check for pain or nightmares. Still, he was comforted in the knowledge that all these wise folk had come on this journey to stand by him in whatever way they could. The next morning, Frodo noted that Sam stayed pretty near his side, even more so than usual, and that Aragorn and Gandalf were discussing something or other in hushed tones a little away from the rest of the Company. Gandalf was careful that Frodo was not nearby when he spoke briefly to Boromir about the effect stories such as had been told the night before could have on Hobbits, but Frodo couldn't help but notice that Boromir's tales from that point forward tended more toward his younger brother, and scrapes that they had gotten into while exploring the city and learning the history of the Kings and Stewards. He wondered how much everyone had been told, but didn't feel it was necessary to find out, as he might give away more than he wished in such a fact-finding mission. No, the main point was to let past incidents be past, and to look forward to where they were marching now – but not to look too far forward, lest fear and anticipatory dread impact his ability to continue to put one foot in front of the other. He had a task to complete, and he could afford no distractions. His resolve was as firm as it had been the day he'd agreed to take on this Burden. Nothing must stand in his way. TBC, if anyone wants to read more!