Leofa had not bothered to come home again. I made myself wait till I was within my walls before I allowed the damn on my tears to burst down my cheeks. I sat in the rocking chair, which my father had made before Haedren was born, and where I had rocked my own son to sleep on many nights. I could feel my father's presence as I sat in that chair, and it comforted me as much as I could be comforted. I made no sound, but the tears fell in torrents until I thought I would die. It had been long since I've thought of that dreadful day when my husband and son had been killed, when one of the stables caught fire, and they had felt it their duty to see to the horses. I'd been angry and sad for very many years, unable to move past the fact that my dearest husband and son were no longer with me. But as they say, time heals. And thus it had in my case, too. This house was the one I grew up in. It had been partially burned when Orcs killed my father and set it aflame. My brothers and some other men had rebuilt the ruined part when they heard I would be coming home. They'd rebuilt it for me. There were two bedrooms, which had once upon a time housed us all—my parents, my four brothers and me. My father and mother took one room and my brothers and I were in the other. My mother had divided the room the best that she could, so that as I got older I could have some small bit of privacy. It had been cramped and yes, the boys always teased and harassed me, but mostly we got along, especially after my Mother's death. I think my brothers knew just how much my Mother's passing had hurt me, so they went easier on me after that. They still had their fun, though. They would steal my clothes if I was in the bathtub, but I would turn prunish before I would give them a glance at what they hoped to make me reveal. I smiled as I remembered these things. Then I cried again, as I thought about Saedren. So tonight I sat here with tears coursing down my face. Fire. I hated and loved it. With it a family had hot meals. It was warm and cozy on a winter's night. A lover's face by candlelight could heat your blood. But fire was also fierce and deadly, and if it got the chance it would consume you. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o My tears were spent, so I readied myself for bed. I'd not bothered to light a lamp when I came in. What had been the point? My eyes were so blinded by crying, I could see nothing anyway. By the time I got up from the chair, it had grown as dark as it would. I knew not the time, but it mattered not at all. I was tired to the bones this evening. If I could sleep, that is what I would do. It had been long since I'd shed any tears. When Elrond left to sail West, I had wept until I truly thought I might drown from it. His loss was as profound in my life as other losses I'd had previously. And while I could find solace in the fact that he lived, I knew I would never see him again. The pain of that seemed to smother me for a while. But I had never been one to weep for long—well, except for when I was carrying Leofa, and as time passed, I was able to picture Elrond in beautiful Valinor with his lovely wife Celebrian. He'd waited long for that happiness. The least I could do was be happy in my life, as he would undoubtedly be in his. I laid down in my bed, pulling the quilt over myself. It was late spring and could still be cool at night, but I used the cover more for the comfort of having something surrounding me than for the warmth it would bring. I lay there for a very long time, but sleep finally claimed me. I thought at first I was dreaming, but as I came more fully awake, I realized that Elladan was spooned up behind me. I didn't know how long I'd been sleeping, but I felt as if I'd been drugged. I couldn't move without extreme effort. Somewhat as if it were all a dream. He'd come tonight of all nights. Could it be that he knew I needed him? No. He was an Elf, not a god. I leaned back into him and he chuckled lowly. His hand came up to touch my face, and I turned to put my arms around his neck. He kissed me long and slow, and I savored every tiny moment of it. He seemed to know I was not myself. His fingers brushed along my lashes, as if there might still be tears there. Maybe there were. "I sense your sadness, Mae," he said. "What is wrong?" "I wish not to think about it, Elladan," I told him. "Make love to me. Make me forget about everything but us." And that's just what he did. Slow and sensuous, he claimed me. Driving me to madness first, with me wanting him to get on with it. As always . But also, as always, he took his time, leaving no part of me unloved. How I treasured him. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o A/N: I have not paid attention to the exact time line when it came time for Elrond to sail. I didn't research when he sailed, I made that time coincide with events in my story. Sorry for bending canon in this way. But hey, I'm bending it so badly in this story anyway, if you're still reading, this little thing won't bother you at all. Puxinette