defensively, "It was from my Ranger days. Don't ask." "It was not my intention to do so." the elf replied with a slight smile as Aragorn spread the tattered map on his desk. Legolas came forward and for several minutes, there was quiet as he studied the map. "The most likely place would be the Brown Lands." Legolas indicated the location on the map. "It is northeast of Gondor and to the immediate south of Dol Guldur. The Brown Lands are a barren wasteland, and knowing my king he would want such a location for battle. If his army veers too far to the west, we would enter Rohan, and my father knows that King Eomer is your friend and ally and would never grant our army free passage through his land. And further east of the Brown Lands is Mordor, and no elf would willingly walk into that accursed place. To advance south toward Gondor we cannot avoid the Brown Lands, and if your army makes good time, perhaps we need not stain your realm or that of King Eomer's with unnecessary bloodshed." "Thank you for your insight, Prince Legolas." Faramir inclined his head. "Do you have any other questions, my lord?" Aragorn sighed. "A thousand and more, good steward, but I have no energy left to ask them. Please cancel or postpone any meetings with the council or the people that I may still have today—give them any and every excuse, but do not speak to any other of this battle to come." "Yes, my lord." Faramir bowed slightly and excused himself. Silence came upon Aragorn and Legolas as the steward shut the door. Finally, the Man said quietly, "I hope you know that what you told me today is not true, and never could be." Legolas frowned, confused. "What do you mean? I told you no lies. The war—" "I am not talking about the war," Aragorn interrupted. His gaze locked with the elf's. "I meant your earlier statement. You claimed to have failed me in our friendship." Understanding dawned in Legolas's eyes and he allowed his friend to continue. "You have never failed me, my friend," the Man went on. "You did everything you could do for me without defying your father and king, and much more than that. I hold nothing against you." A small smile slowly crept over the elf's face, and Aragorn was immensely pleased to see it. He gave his friend a moment to take in his words and to accept that he was free from blame, before he spoke again, "And now, if you have no objection, I would like to spend one last day in friendship with you, Legolas, before you depart again." "I have no objection, Aragorn." Legolas paused, and in his eyes there burned an emotion fierce and deep, but Aragorn could not place it. The elf, however, did not speak. "Is something the matter?" The elf looked long and hard into Aragorn's eyes, and the Man allowed the prince his scrutiny, allowed him to search for whatever he was looking for in Aragorn's eyes. Finally, the prince's gaze lifted, and Aragorn wondered if he had found what he was looking for. Legolas' reply was slow, but when it came, the king could hear the determination and the promise in his words. "Aragorn, I vow to you that no matter what happens after today, you will always have my bow, my goodwill and my loyalty. I can never bring myself to spill your blood, even upon pain of death, and if there comes a moment on the battlefield when you have to choose between what your heart says and what is meant to be, I trust you to make the right choice." Aragorn was momentarily confused, but comprehension came to him mere seconds later. His eyes widened, and he actually took a step back from Legolas. His horror must have been reflected in his face, for Legolas smiled sadly and said, " Ú-'oston vanadh nîn, Aragorn . " "Do not do this to me, mellon ." The elf just shook his head. "It was always meant to be, Aragorn. I will lose you to the Gift of Men even if both of us survive this war. You are mortal. Arwen and I have had a long time to accept that fact. But while she can join you soon after in death, I must await the end of the world before we next meet." "The parting would be no less difficult for your acceptance." Aragorn argued. "And so—as you said—we should not linger over such miserable matters for the rest of this day, and instead spend it in friendship. I also believe you have a rather distraught wife to comfort." Aragorn faked a grimace and began to move towards the door. "And so I have. Will you wait for me at the stables?" Legolas considered it. "I have ridden for many a day without pause to deliver the message of my king. It would be nice to do something other than sit in the saddle of a horse." Aragorn smiled. "Gimli's dwarves have built for Arwen and me a private garden as a sign of goodwill between the Mountain and Gondor. We will not be disturbed there. And you will enjoy the garden, I am sure." Legolas chuckled. "Gimli? Requesting his people to build a garden fit for elves? He will never hear the end of it from me." He paused, and Aragorn saw the mirth dancing in his eyes. "And if for nothing else, a garden built by dwarves would be worth a visit." Aragorn was at the door. "I will see you shortly then, Legolas." The elf inclined his head. "You may find me in my rooms. I will receive the usual, I suppose?" "Yes, of course." "Very well. Until later, Aragorn." O-o-O Elvish Words: Mellon - friend Ú-'oston vanadh nîn – I do not fear my fate Adar – father Saes – please Gwador - brother