overflowing book case and turned to leave. "Take your time. Others should be arriving soon and I wish that you would look appropriate when they do." Aragorn nodded and headed to the door. ~O~ When Elrond said a 'selection' of soaps what he really meant was that he had every kind of soap this side of the sea had to offer. On a normal day Aragorn may have been slightly offended, but she knew how elves were about their hygiene. Also, she honestly couldn't remember the last time she had such a soothing bath, so she just enjoyed sampling every kind of soap the room had to till the water turned murky with suds, as well as dirt. Within the first fifteen minutes Aragorn looked like a new person. She must have lost ten pounds worth of mud and grease by the time she was finished scrubbing herself raw. Once she was sure every speck of dirt was gone she began to consider leaving the warmth of tub to retrieve the knife from her belt. She needed it to cut her matted hair in order to look somewhat presentable, otherwise Aragorn truly would look like the woman she was, with her longer hair framing her feminine features more than Elrond or she would have liked. But before she could muster up the strength to stand, a sudden knock caused her to hide her body as far under the murky water as possible. Hopefully the water's darkness would be enough to stop whoever it was from seeing anything too revealing. Aragorn was extremely thankful for her quick reflexes, seeing as how the person at the door gave little, if any, hesitation before thrusting the door wide open and barging in. "Oh, My!" A maidenly voice gasped just as Aragorn dove beneath the water. "Aragorn, is that you?" The she-elf questioned, as if walking in on somebody bathing was the most normal thing in the world. "I am sorry for interrupting." Aragorn looked at her oddly from the water, slightly confused as to why she made no move to leave after seeing the situation. "It is I, Arwen. Remember?" "Is there something I can do for you?" Aragorn murmured uncertainly as she sunk up to her chin in the water. What exactly did she want? Aragorn knew her little, though she did seem like a nice person from the little that was known. Perhaps, if the future king were not in the situation she was born into she would have been close friends with her, shared beauty tips with her, and talked late into the night about feminine things that seemed so foreign in her current way of life. As it was, Aragorn was closer to her twin brothers. "It has been so long since I last saw you." It was a surprise to see a faint blush cross her pale cheeks, though Aragorn simply took it as embarrassment at walking in on a bathing person. "I just hoped to see you before you set off again. I missed you, and seeing as you are still a mortal, I feared you may have aged beyond recognition." "There is nothing to worry about. I have strong blood in my veins, and I do not age as quickly as most peoples of my kind. There is little for you to worry about. though. I have many years before me yet." Aragorn squirmed under the water. Why hadn't she left yet? Arwen turned and offered her best smile. Looking at her was often painful for Aragorn, though she hated to admit it. It reminded her of what might have been had she not been forced into being a fake king. Sure, she would by no means be as beautiful as Elrond's daughter, for she was of elfish blood, but she imagined her hair would be just as long and silky, with the same color and curl. Her skin would never be as fair, but it wouldn't be nearly as dark as it was currently with the days she had spent under the sun, tracking, camping, and fighting. Aragorn's eyes would be softer- a deep shimmering blue that might even rival the elf maiden's- had they not been hardened by war. Being of her lineage Aragorn was tall, but not nearly as tall as a true elf. Her boots helped with the difference between herself and men, but when it came to elves there was still a chance they would stand taller, as Arwen did. Still, it was to be expected. Arwen was beautiful, and whenever Aragorn found herself doubting what she was giving up for her country she often found herself thinking about the elf's beauty. She was everything she wished she could be on those days. Sadly, Middle Earth needed a leader before it needed a nurturer. "I hope you are right, Aragorn, for I wish to get to know you better before it is too late," she stated boldly as she took a step further into the room. "I hope you do not find that to forward of me?" By now Aragorn's lips were partially covered by the murky water as she sank deeper into the tubs depth to avoid anything being seen. "Not at all!" She quickly shouted out when she noticed her hesitance. Honestly, Aragorn wondered what brought this on in the first place, and just wanted this to be over with as soon as possible. "I think that is a fine proposal. I would love to strengthen our bond... but I am slightly busy at the moment." Her face suddenly shown bright. "When you are done would you join me for meal time?" "When I am done, I will do anything you like." Aragorn let out an awkward chuckle as she shifted. A odd mischievous smirk grew across Arwen's mouth- a look Aragorn was unfamiliar with. "I will hold you to that, future king~!" She flirtatiously giggled while she left. Meanwhile Aragorn was puzzled. What exactly had she agreed to?