everyday! Keeps things interesting." I reply honestly, giving her a smile. "I would never dream of doing anything like that," she sighed, almost sighed with relief. "I like staying in a cozy place where it's safe like Greenwood." "So I take it you've never been outside of the borders?" "I barely go into the woods, well deep into the woods." She replied with confidence in her words, like she was proud. You have got to be kidding me. "We are exact opposites! I mean we are the same height but that's it! We're going to be best friends." I pat her shoulder and continue walking, but I see Landion down below us walking, "Landion!" I shout to him, he looks around for me before he finds me above. "What?" he yells back using his annoyed tone. "Where the hell are my claws?" I still shout, noticing some stares towards me. He takes a long sigh and replies. "They are being touched up from tweaks, they will be put into your room shortly." "Good." And I walk off with Melli again, after a we became real good friends when I notice a very nice necklace on her neck, "that's a pretty necklace." I comment and she puts her hand over it, looking at me like I'm planning something, "I'm not going to steal it. I just want to know how you got it?" "Oh," she quickly took her hand off. "It was my mother's. She gave it to me before she sailed to the west." Whoa whoa whoa... what?! "I thought Silvan elves don't sail to the west?" "It's very uncommon, not impossible." "But why would she leave you?" "She was giving birth to my baby brother, something went wrong and... and he didn't make it. Our father then went crazy from grief, he blamed my mother for his death. He tried to kill us." Tears started forming in her eyes and she put a hand over her mouth. "I'm so sorry." I say and bring her in for a hug, she accepted but didn't cry, not a tear. She let go and I just had to ask, "how did you handle him?" "The guards had to put him down." She sniffled, not meeting my eyes. I let it go and we continued. We went out into the nice bright sunlight and calming trees when I wondered something, "are you coming with us to Rivendell?" "Oh no," She shook her head, "though I would dream of seeing city of Imladris, only certain people that the King chose can go." Well you're going! I don't care what Thranduil says you're coming with me! I then see another pathway into the palace as I look back, It's really dark and looks really cramp, "What's over there?" I point to the passage and Melli answered. "We call it the servants passages, it's passages all throughout the palace for us to get through in and out very quickly, it's how we get to place to place in record time." "Really? Lets go!" I head off but she yanks be by my wrist and gives me a stern look, "It's only to be used for the servants, are you a servant? No, your the princess!" "When did you become ms bossy britches?" I cross my arms staring at her. "When I knew more about Greenwood than you." She straightens up copying my gesture. We laughed and walked back to the palace, I got ready for dinner with her helping me and teaching me. I sat down my Thranduil in his giant dining room and we eat the most fanciest food I've ever seen! I of course was the only one who got water while everyone else got nice elven wine! I look over and see Thranduil enjoying himself quite nicely, sipping on wine and laughing. Now's a perfect time to ask him. "Ada?" He looked a bit shock for a moment at me calling him ada but smiles and replies, "yes my dear?" "Is it alright if I bring a friend with me to Rivendell?" I make sure to use to use my sweet voice. He thinks for a moment before replying and taking another sip, "depends, who is it?" "Her name is Melli, one of your servants and we're really good friends actually." "Oh Mellimeldisiel yes, of course she can come with us, she'll keep you out of trouble." He added with a smirk, really. Just... really! Thranduil I'm glad she has made a friend already, I was a little worried she wouldn't make any. "Thank you ada." She said gleeful, giving me a kiss on the cheek before leaving the dining room, she is really opening up to me. I look over and see Legolas and Tauriel making googly eyes at each other, oh young love. I can't help but smile looking at the too before I excuse myself so I can go check on Beriadan. Anea I open my chambers and see Melli there getting my things into a pack. "Good new!" I smile and walk up to giving her a small hug, "you're coming to Rivendell with me!" Her face is in utter shock, she is almost trembling either with excitement or fear I can't tell... "Thank you Anea! Thank you so much!" She stops shaking and smiles, and hugs me to death! she finally lets go and I nearly shove her out of my room so she can get packed. "Go get your things ready." She nods like a little kid, hair going everywhere and rushes off towards her chambers. I get my sleeping wear on and crawl into bed that is made of a cloud! I'm asleep instantly at the thought of me finally at home. Well? Enjoy it? Did you laugh, I hope you did! Please leave a review on your thoughts and I'll keep working on this one and my other story which is called "Doctor's Girl" I'll have you guess on what it's about ;) Naneth: Mother