roar and the remaining Nazgul in the air left the area, the eagles followed, the mouth of Sauron ordered a retreat and led the Orc's out of the city, Sauron himself turned towards the front gate where he alone would stay and wait for elven army, he alone would fight all that opposed him, also this would be a way of making sure he would face Elrond, and so at the confusion of the elves the armies of Mordor began to leave Rivendell. Now alone, without support or aid Sauron made a stand in the collapsed main entrance, facing the elven army, he gave out a small laugh. There must have been at least a thousand still remaining, all now charging towards him, Sauron lowed his mace, let the tip hit the ground, the elves where now right on top of him inches away, and with a mighty upward swing, groups of twenties went flying in the air, each swing threw more and more the body count was jumping each time Sauron lifted his mace, he didn't care how many died, he wanted Elrond, and killing his people was a way of drawing him out, Sauron yelled out for Elrond each time he swung his mace and finally an answer came. " I am here, leave this place or suffer our wrath" " Elrond of Rivendell, at last, your time has come" " Evil will never rule, evil will never endue, and you will always have enemies, those who resist" " Those who resist, DIE" " You have been beaten before, you will be again" " You're welcome to try" At this, all other elves stood back, a one on one match had begun, two ring lords fighting over the fate of Middle Earth. Sauron took great pleasure in this fight as he knew, if he won Middle Earth was his and he had come too far to be stopped now. Elrond ran towards Sauron, calm and quiet, quick and swift. His sword held high, Sauron threw down his mace and pulled out a sword from his back, stood still and waited until Elrond was in reach. Less then four meters away Elrond yelled out and swung his sword at Sauron, Sauron moved slightly and the blade missed him by inches, he swung round and slammed his sword down, Elrond quickly moved his sword and blocked, now in a sword lock, each pushing there sword toward each other, Elrond was losing this fight of brute strength and pulled back, Sauron's sword came crashing down and hit Elrond on the edge of his shoulder, a wound but nothing life threatening, Elrond backed off, thinking of what to do next, but his time was short as Sauron almost leaped to life and began to run towards Elrond, the sound of his foot steps caused echo's in the ground, and each thump was getting closer, Elrond needed a plan of attack but time was running out. With great speed and power Sauron jumped up, ready to slam down hard on Elrond, Elrond moved out the way, but with know idea on how to fight Sauron he began to worry. Then out of nowhere Arwen leaped out, sword pointing down and stabbed Sauron across the back, he gave out a ground shacking roar, in rage he turned round and grabbed her by the throat. " Elrond, is this your only daughter?, a shame it has come to this, but those who defy me face death" And with no effort, he broke her neck, threw her down and faced Elrond, he didn't show it but he was utterly destroyed, a blind rage came out, Elrond ran towards Sauron and like a madman began waving his sword to no end, Sauron was taken back by this new furry in Elrond, he was cut several times, and then Sauron gave a swing of his arm and threw Elrond back, he hit the wall of the destroyed gate with such force, many among the elves thought he wasn't going to raise his head, but he did, and with one final cry he yelled, "attack", then he was gone, lifeless and no more. The elves followed his final order and began to run towards Sauron. Sauron raised his hand, and it began to glow red, a red spark fired up in to the sky, with this the elves stopped, wondering what to make of this. To there delight nothing happened and started to fight one more, what Sauron had actually done was give a message to all those that retreated before to come back, in mere minutes the Nazgul where once again in the skies of Rivendell, although there where no eagles following them, one can only hope they escaped to fight another day. Sauron still in the middle of the battle continued to fight and kill, hundreds faced him and hundreds fell, the defences of Rivendell where gone, the gates where destroyed and there armies where decimated, but they continued to fight in the hopes that one would slay Sauron. The orcs ran wild though the city, killing all they saw, the Nazgul continued there assault from the air, sweeping the remaining elves as they saw them. The slaughter now over victory was gained, in the recede of the city, there where just bodies, of elves and orcs, Sauron walked though the battle field looking for the spot where he slew Elrond, and at last he found it, his lifeless body still there, Sauron grabbed Elrond's hand and took the ring, like with Galadriel's he crushed it, at last he was the only one to posses a ring of power, and now he controlled all of Middle Earth. He looked up and began to speak in black speech, he uttered the words. Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul, ash nazg thrakatulûk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul. Middle Earth was now Sauron's and the war of the ring was over. Now begins the forth age, the age of Sauron. Liam Fitzgerald