every one of them because she had taken a long course on astronomy in the Lorien schools that Lady Galadriel made her attend. She was always the top of her class in everything with the exception of math. "You picked a beautiful night to look out on," said a masculine voice behind her. She smiled to herself, not bothering to turn around. "It is a beautiful night, is it not?" He nodded and positioned himself in the same position she was next to her. "I am proud of you, Estaliel." Happiness welled up in her throat. "Why is that, brother Legolas?" He stroked her hair with his hand and fingered one of the fishtail braids that was just above her right ear. "You are one of the only elves I know besides myself that has the stubbornness of dwarfs, the agility of an elf, and the feelings of a man. You have grown up to be a beautiful young woman and I am privileged to be your older brother. I love you so much, Estaliel." A tear ran down her cheek as she buried herself in his arms. "I love you too, Legolas." She knew that whenever she had a problem, she could take it to him and he would wipe it all away. "Something troubles you, my dear sister. Whatever it is, you can tell me." "I am perfectly fine, dear brother. I'm just so happy to know that you're alive." Legolas knew that there was something else, but he wouldn't bother to ask her because if she didn't want to tell him now, she would probably tell him sooner or later. After a few moments of enjoying each others presence, he let her go and they continued to watch the night sky. "There is the Nim Naugol ," he said, pointing up to the well known white dwarfish constellation. He appeared to be holding an axe in his hand and was dressed for battle. Every night that the Nim Naugol was spotted it was dressed for something different. One night it was even dressed for bed in bedclothes. "There is something between you and Amithriel," Legolas said. Estaliel snorted. "There is nothing between me and aranel ." Legolas lifted an eyebrow. "Are you sure? You gave him some death threatening glances at the table this evening." She shook her head. "It's nothing." "It doesn't sound as if it's nothing." She looked up at him. "What do you think about Amithriel?" "I rather like the fellow. He seems wise enough and he was willing to come on this adventure with us. What do you have against him?" "Everything. He hates killing orcs and he tricked me into riding his horse with him. And while I was on his horse he held onto my waist as if I would fall off." "That is not absolutely everything against him. He is not that bad, Estaliel." "You haven't known him since you were five," she snapped. "You're right. I have known him since I was three. He and I were never closely acquainted but we managed to talk every once in a while. I only know him a bit but he is a good elf." "Are you hinting at what I think you're hinting at?" her eyes were drenched in suspicion. "What might that be?" "That dear aranel and I are in love? Because if that is so, I can reassure you that we are not. I dislike him with a passion, my dear brother." Legolas laughed. "I think that you like him very much indeed, my dear sister, and you are in great danger of loving him." Estaliel hit him on the arm. "I am in no such danger, Legolas Greenleaf!" He chuckled, and put his arm around her waist. "I shall walk you to your room, my dear sister." Their conversation had not gone unnoticed. In the shadows stood Lord Elrond, who had listened to the whole thing. It was a good idea. It benefited Amithriel and maybe even Estaliel in some cases. They were perfect for each other and he had his plan mapped out. In the morning, Estaliel awoke to the sound of Amithriel's voice in the upstairs parlor. For some strange reason he had been given a room that was right next to her's on the third floor. She thought that perhaps Lord Elrond had a part in their room settings, but she wasn't entirely sure of it. It completely slipped her mind to put on a robe when she walked out of the room. She quietly walked up to the room in which she found Amithriel sitting and singing a song that went something like this; Farewell to the days of happiness The golden years of love Hence come the years of less And no longer is white the dove Though we go through trial My love for you will always endure In the hardship and denial Your love is the only cure My love for you will never fade It will surely never die It seems as if for each other we were made The days never pass us by Though now I grow weary and old And though my journeys take me far With your love I am never cold Evil shall never enter where we are Now my days are done and my journeys are through My sorrows great and my trials more My love for you Shall ever endure When we reach the Grey Havens There together we'll dwell There shall be none of ravens Our paths shall be parallel The poetry of the song was terrible but it brought Estaliel to tears and she sighed. It was a rather loud sigh, and when he looked up he saw her there in nothing but her bedclothes. She gasped, and then hurried back to her room, eager to escape his staring eyes. This journey would be long and hard. Renia: To fly Nim Naugol: White Dwarf Aranel: Princess This is all Sindarin Elvish;)!