hair and got fresh clothes for him. When he was dressed and feeling new he made his way to the healer ward. He went to the room the healer who helped Elen greatly was resting and keeping her. He knocked on the door but received no answer, confused he pushed on the door to a crack, but quickly saw blood on the floor. Slamming the door open and saw a horrid sight. Elen on the floor giggling while she was covered in blood, then the healer choking on her blood, a sort of diseased hole on her chest where her heart is. collapsing next to her he got a rag and pressed it on the wound; then calling for healers he tried to keep her alive, but she coughed and choked before stopping, her body going limp and blood trickling down her mouth freely. Thranduil was mortified, getting back he covered his mouth with the back of his hand. The healers rushed in with guards behind them, at the sight some screamed and backed away. Others though felt the cold body of the healer and asked, "What happened?" Thranduil shook his head and blinked, unable to speak. Then something unbelievable happened. The gaping hole in her chest started to spread, eating away at her skin and organs. Thranduil pulled the other healers away as it spread, when it was done all that was left was her skeleton, everyone was speechless and all was silent, but it was broken when Elen giggled again. Thranduil went to her, picking her up he looked broken into her bloodied face. "Was it an assassin?" One of the healers questioned, Thranduil sighed, he knows that his people will want answers but he doesn't even know. "Maybe, or it could have been a necromancer with dark powers. Guards I want you to check every room in the kingdom! Make sure everyone is alright and counted for, then close the gates... she'll get a healer passing." The healers covered the body before some others led Thranduil to the bathroom where they cleaned Elen of the blood. Cleaning her and getting her knew blankets and clothes they made for her they all said their goodbyes, telling her to visit soon and giving her blessings. Thranduil led her to the stables inside the kingdom, they kept the horses inside but a clearing right outside for training and roaming and grazing. Reaching the door he knocked three times, footsteps approached the door and it swung open to reveal an ellon, red wavy hair, and brown eyes. "K-king Thranduil," he stuttered as he bowed low. "I'm sorry, it's just unexpected to see you here. Do you seek your elk, I can get him ready in just five minutes-" "Oh no it's fine," Thranduil interrupted. "I actually want to talk with you and your wife Seltariel. May I come in?" Randur blinked in surprise moment before nodding and opening the door wider for him to step inside. Thranduil admired the simple house, riding equipment on one side of the room that shares the dining room and kitchen. He saw stairs that he only assumed led to the bedrooms. He took seat as Seltariel came down from the stairs and was taken back at the sight, but she curtsied and asked. "King Thranduil, what a pleasant surprise. I apologize for my appearance and the state of our home, if we'd known you were visiting I would have cleaned up-" Thranduil laughed and waved his hand. "It's alright Layd Seltariel, I know this is unexpected of me but I must speak with you about the child, Elen." Their faces turned to concern and confusion and they took a seat by him. "As you are aware her mother and father has died and we need willing parents to take her in. And as my son has told me, you two have been trying for a child for quite some time and even have the nursery set up." They seemed taken back by where this was going, and Randur even spoke up. "My lord, as we do deeply appreciate the offer, I do not think we are... adequately experienced enough to accept the child we know you have cared for deeply." Thranduil seemed taken back by the decline, but he was determined to change their minds. "May I see the nursery you have made?" He asked and they complied, leading him up the stairs and to the left. Seltariel opened the door and he walked in, seeing the crib and the dolls and stuff horses placed a smile on his face as it reminded him of Legolas' nursery. "It's lovely." Thranduil admired as they came in, eyes filled with despair. Thranduil turned to them and showed Elen cradled in his arms, wrapped in a pink blanket. The two gasped at the sight and Seltariel even stepped forward to get a better look at the child who stared curiously at her. Seltariel chuckled and softly grabbed Elen's hand; she smiled and that caused Elen to laugh more. Seltariel looked back at her husband, he smiled and came forward, adoring over the small child. "Hold her." Thranduil told, Seltariel was hesitant, but she did pick up the child, placing her in her arms while keeping her head elevated. Randur placed a hand on the back of her head, right then the two fell in love with Elen. They smiled happily as they looked up at their king, Randur nodded and agreed, "We will be honored to accept her m'lord." Thranduil sighed in relief and went to exit, but not before saying his last goodbyes to Elen, kissing the top of her head and wishing her a healthy life. He left the house, now wandering around his kingdom he kept Elen in his mind. He felt pang of sadness leaving her, but he knew that the people will take care of her like their own. w0w, it's like all this death is associated... with the title. I'm so smart.