and his eyes were wistful with the memory of Lothlórien. "And Legolas is like neither. He is more real." Although Legolas did not understand what Gimli meant by that, he took it for the compliment it was. "We have a saying here in Erebor," Dwalin said with a chuckle. "'Ma ôhfûkizu kuthu khathuzh aslônî. Ni ma mahùlchùp agrîfumùnhi ya'. This means-" "You're not going to be sharing all of our secrets, are you?" Glóin interrupted. "Why not just tell him your true name?" "He's not going to learn the language from one phrase," Dwalin snapped back. He turned back to Legolas. "It means 'rejoice not when an Elf falls – but don't rush to pick him up, either.' Do the Elves say things like that?" Legolas nodded. "Not identical, but the sentiment is known." "Yet you rescued my young cousin when he would remain at my brother Balin's tomb, unaware or uncaring of the danger he faced." "I did. We were a fellowship, and I would not have him come to even greater grief." The room fell silent, save the sounds of two Dwarves smoking their pipes, and the other finishing off his mug of ale. "I am glad of your friendship," Dwalin said at last. "Even if you were exactly like your father, I would still be glad of it, for you kept one of my family from losing his life in Khazad-dûm. We have lost far too many there already, and would have grieved greatly to lose another." They were not sure how many pints of ale they had consumed, but it was enough to make even Legolas sway on his feet. Gimli was half unconscious, insisting he could easily walk back to his rooms. "Make sure he does not wake facedown in his own filth, in the middle of the Great Hall," Dwalin said with a laugh. "He will be fine," Legolas slurred. Together they stumbled into the corridor, Gimli beginning to sing a bawdy-sounding Khuzdul song. "You will have to lead the way," he reminded his friend. "Dwarves don't get lost in a mountain," Gimli said with a snort. "We are at home here, surrounded by rock and stability, with molten gold and iron and mithril to work until the end of our days. How can one lose his way with so much work to be done?" "It was not a metaphor, my friend," Legolas replied. He tripped over something – or nothing – and stumbled into a wall. The sharp Dwarven runes rubbed against his triceps. "I wish that I could read your runes and speak your language," he said suddenly. "Then I could read the tale of Gimli, son of Glóin, translate it, and tell it to all my kin so they will not only know the legend of a small Dwarf who helped save the world – but retell it through the centuries and in Valinor. Re-tell it the way the Dwarves would." Gimli stopped and looked up at Legolas. "You would not instead choose to tell the story of brave Legolas, who walked atop the snow and sang to the stars?" "That story is no different from any other Elf." "Then, the story of the Elf who walked under the mountain with no fears in his heart, while a Dwarf cowered behind him?" "Ai, that would be the story I would have your people pass down through generations. Legolas, friend of Gimli, who braved the Glittering Caves and the Paths of the Dead for the sake of those he loved!" Gimli laughed and stumbled onward, returning to his song. When they were back in his rooms, he offered his bed to Legolas. "Nay, friend. I will not take your place when you require sleep. I shall stay here until my mind has cleared, and then perhaps I will find my way back to the mountain top." "You should not go without me," Gimli slurred. "For you could end up lost within the mountain." "Not if I am looking for the sky. Not even a mountain city could keep me from reaching it." "Poetic," Gimli murmured, "like an Elf." "Insistent," Legolas replied, dropping into a chair. "Like a Dwarf. Why do you have your pack here? Do you plan on leaving, or did you drop it when you arrived and never looked again?" Gimli fell into another chair in the room, and he reached out to lovingly touch the Elven cloak. "I could not bear to put it away, as that would mean the journey would truly be over." "And what did you do with Galadriel's hair?" Between the discussion with Gimli's kin and the vast quantity of ale consumed, Legolas had completely forgotten his decision to never discuss the lady with his friend. "In my pack." "What good can they do hidden away? Why would you keep them there?" "Because I fear that I will look at the strands and see nothing of the beauty that shall soon pass into the West." "Ah, Gimli. I wish you were an Elf, so you could worship her forever." "There are times I wish I were an Elf, as well." The bitterness in Gimli's voice was of a different sort than Legolas had heard ere before. "It is not only the Lady who keeps my heart heavy, but the passing of so many out of Middle Earth and leaving it a world for men and Dwarves." "And Hobbits," Legolas added, his head lolling. "We must not forget the Hobbits." "Nay," Gimli agreed. "But there are days I would forget you, if my heart would let me." His expression was dark and surly, and unlike the Dwarf Legolas knew. "I could not forget you, even if it were my greatest desire." Legolas knew not what was driving his friend to such words, but he felt the need to mirror the strength of the sentiment. Even if Elves were capable of forgetting, he felt that his heart would never gloss over any memory of his sturdy friend.