My. God, Kar…I've just had the most incredible experience! We went to another plane of existence. A hidden haven sacred to the woodland elves. I can't believe he shared it with me. And we made love… twice ! And Kar… he said he loved me! But I think you had a little fun yourself, didn't you?" Karen grinned, then they started jumping up and down, turning to bump their hips, wiggling their butts and singing "Two pigs fighting in a blanket, two pigs fighting in a blanket…" It was their private celebration dance…that was so not private anymore. The entire hall had fallen silent except for the two friends' singing. Then there was good-natured laughter. The girls stopped, looking around. They had apparently become the night's entertainment. Gimli, Legolas and Boromir were still a bit stunned. Their expressions plainly said they wondered if the girls had taken leave of their senses. "Humans. I'll never understand them." Gimli grunted, shaking his head as he turned back to the game, which he discovered he was losing. Karen and Lisa turned bright red. They ran, giggling, all the way back to their room. Karen opened the door early the next morning. She and Lisa were on their way to get some breakfast then ready themselves for the final Council meeting. They had learned their lesson about leaving their room without making themselves presentable, but it was still a surprise to find Legolas in his "usual" spot across from their door, reading a book. It was as if he never slept, merely waited for his next glimpse of his beloved. The only difference this morning was Faramir was absent. Before he and Karen had joined the night before, he had apologized telling Karen he had to return home immediately. He had not wanted it to be a one-night stand, but…sometimes these things just happened. Karen was secretly glad. She liked Faramir. He was intelligent and fun to be around. but he was just too damned sensitive for her. She wanted a strong man, who would take care of her and protect her, and…manhandle her once in a while. A man who could keep her in line. It had been nice, though, for what it was. She felt like she was a desirable woman again thanks to him. She would forever love him for giving her that feeling again. "Good morning, Legolas." Karen said a little too loudly, so Lisa, who was still inside, could make doubly sure she looked decent. "Good morning, Karen. Sleep well?" "Yes, after I got over making a fool of myself, thank you." Legolas smiled. "You are never a fool, my lady. Perhaps a bit…impetuous, but that may yet be an asset. Do not be so hard on yourself." Then the elf looked past her. His whole face radiating happiness and love. Karen sighed. He must have just seen Lisa. How she wished a man would look at her with that same intense affection. Someday, maybe… They walked to the hall together. Aragorn, Gimli, Boromir, Gandalf, and the hobbits were already there. Easy conversation flowed as they munched on eggs, fruit and nut porridge, and toast. Karen couldn't stop smiling as she looked up at Legolas and Lisa. They were so perfect together. Like matching book ends. She just wished she could do something to take away the strain etching itself into Aragorn's rugged features. She really didn't understand why someone with Arwen's capabilities would sit back and do nothing while everyone else was fighting for the freedom of Middle Earth. Furthermore, how could Aragorn be in love with someone like that? It was still early morning when Elrond summoned them all to the Council once more. Lisa and Karen announced they would do whatever they could to help, and preparations were made for the Fellowship to leave that evening. Their packs were filled with the wonderful Elvish mixture that boosted one's energy better and quicker than a straight shot of caffeine. Of course, Lembas was carefully stowed away, as well as bedrolls and other personal items. Elrond made the friends gifts of knives in sheaths etched with elven runes of protection, which they could attach to their belts. Swords and shields in proportion to their sizes, from Elrodn's armory were given to all who needed them. Lisa chose to keep the knives in lieu of a sword. Legolas gave Lisa his spare bow, quiver, and filled her quiver with Rivendell arrows, promising to teach her how to make her own later. Just before they met up to leave, Lisa detuned Ithildin, stowing it carefully in its travelling case. By dusk that cold Christmas day, they were ready to depart. They said goodbye to all their wonderful elven friends. Karen and Lisa equally shedding tears as they said goodbye. Everyone hoped they would see Rivendell once more, but all were more than a little afraid that they would not. Just before they departed, Karen pulled Lisa aside. "I wanted to tell you Merry Christmas, and give you this." She handed Lisa a small velvet bag. Inside was a highly polished moonstone that glowed with a beautiful, secret inner light. "For luck, good fortune, and protection. I'm so glad we're here together." "Thank you!" Lisa hugged her heart-sister. "I have something for you too." She handed Karen a small rectangular package wrapped in dark blue velvet. It was small book of Bilbo's stories. "I remembered how much you enjoyed listening to Bilbo's tales so I asked him if he could write some down so I could give them to you. He really went beyond what I asked, but it turned out beautifully. He even illustrated it." "I love it! Thank you so much!" They hugged again. "Why do you exchange gifts?" Gimli inquired. "It's a tradition on this same day every year where we are from." They didn't elaborate. It would be too hard to explain about the whole Santa idea on the verge of a possibly life-ending, definitely perilous, quest.