child. If she came from this world, she would have no skills in self-defense whatsoever, unless you resort to the excuse that she's a champion in martial arts, in which case she would still lose to the Elves. The dwarf? Maybe? I doubt Aragorn in his eighty-nine years – and he's still middle-aged! – would lose to her easily. Aside from that, your OC should not be able to hold a bow correctly, let alone shoot, except if she had learned archery here before. But the bows athletes used in this era are quite different from the ones they used in LotR universe, so you might want to consider that too. Again, your OC's background affects this area. Just be realistic. g) You Sure are Difficult! Right. Personalities . How could I forget! Right off the bat: we're not perfect. In fact, we are far from it. Perfect is a word reserved for God for those who are Christians. Perfect is a lie in itself for those who see truth in its bluntest form. There is no such thing as perfection. We aren't God. In trying to perfect ourselves, we are making ourselves rot. The same goes for our characters. In trying to make your Mary Sue the best in everything, you've make her the worst in everything, and she ended up getting flamed and then abandoned. My friend isn't perfect. He's squeamish. He's blunt. He enjoyed annoying me. But I respect him because he is my friend and he asks for nothing but company and opinions. My sister isn't perfect. She acts tough all the time and freak out when there's a black-out. She's arrogant. She's foolish. But she is also forgiving and exceedingly loyal. She is diligent in everything she does. Her heart is kind. People like because she never goes back on her words and because she hangs on to her friends when they start to drift apart. I'm not perfect. I'm a sloth. I did everything halfway and cared only for my family, those I know and no one else. I wouldn't save a puppy if I see it dying. Heck, I probably wouldn't save a human if I see him dying, if it means my family lives. I can and will turn traitor on everyone but my mother if she so asks. I blindly follow orders if they are given. And yet I still found friends – don't ask me how, because I don't know either. But maybe there's something about me that attracts others. Your OC is the same. She can't be both loyal and righteous at the same time. When you are righteous, you might have to kill your best friend because it will save the world. When you are righteous, you might have to leave your mother to die and save the king. If you are loyal, then you'll leave the king to rot and find your mom and get the hell out of there. If you are loyal, you'll probably go right along with your friend in whatever stupid schemes they're brewing. There's no one without another. It's like a see-saw. If you lift one, the other goes down. If you lift the other, this one would go down. To obtain wisdom, one must not be attached to anyone lest that attachment blind their judgment. The judges have heart, you know, and it's not always the guilty guy who goes to jail. Humans make mistake. Finding the balance is almost impossible, and to keep it that way is just plain unattainable. Make your OC a mean guy with a brilliant brain and a heart the size of a pea if you want. Just make it solid. Don't do things half-way. If they're stupid, make them stupid. A simpleton can't give a word of glorious wisdom, correct? So if your OC is evil, he'll probably care nothing for his people, his underlings or his second-in-command. What he'll care about is himself. If he loves somebody, he is more likely to force said person to come with him rather than turn sides. On the other side, if you make an OC who values love and feelings above all else, she might betray the whole of Middle-Earth to be with her lover, who is a minion of Sauron and just might be using her. People don't join sides with Sauron because they get cookies and cool titles, folks. If he's power-loving, he wouldn't give a crap she would be heartbroken afterward. Alternately, if she's that loyal to love, her judgment will completely and utterly blind her. You can't be in love and be clear-sighted at once. Make your OC lovable. Make her have something - a personality, a characteristic - that make us cringe or grimace in disgust. Spice things up! Be realistic. Conclusion At the end of the day, it doesn't really matter if you read this guide or read something else on Google. It doesn't matter if you decide I'm a buffoon trying to act cool or not. It really doesn't matter if you think this guide is just a waste of time. It's your OC, I'm just here to help, and you can do whatever you think is right with it. Make it glorious! Make it a Mary Sue! Make it something nobody have ever seen before. Whatever happens, I hope this guide helps somewhat in the long run. You have miles to go before you can reach the finish line, and I'm just someone on the sidewalk selling lemonades and maps. Take what you need and go. But take comfort in this fact: the finish line does not move on its own. Someday, maybe someone who have spent their childhood roaming the fandom could become the next Nobel prize winner. Who knows? And it could well be you! Have questions? Ask in reviews. Or, if it is private, PM me. If you want me to add something, leave a review. I'll get back to you as quickly as I can.