do before he sails." "But of course." Aragorn ignored the crushing grief weighing on his heart and asked "Would you prefer a drink, Dan?" He heard Faramir greeting the elf and the smack that Dan received from Legolas; reason, he did not know. "Here you are," Aragorn held out the drink, belatedly aware that his hand was shaking. Slightly, but it would not escape the elf's eyes. And it didn't. Ellandan placed the glass back on the table and wrapped his arms around his little brother yet again. Faramir discreetly left the room, giving his King the space he needed with his friends and family. "Ada loves you, Estel," Ellandan was whispering. "He misses you so very much. He had always loved his littlest one the most. He still does." "Then why didn't he come?" Aragorn heard the tears in his voice and winced. "I wanted him to be here. His presence was needed, Gwador ." "I know. I know, Estel. Hush, child." Ellandan kept up a babble of nonsense as Aragorn succumbed to tears for the second time this day. He felt another hand on his shoulders. 'Elrohir', his mind supplied. "Feeling better?" the younger twin asked accepting a glass of water from Legolas and handing it to Aragorn. "Ada did try to come, Estel." "Okay," Aragorn tried to make his voice sound as convincing as if were possible for him. It didn't fool the twins but they said no more. "Wipe your face, child." "Glorfindel!" Aragorn took the wet cloth from the warrior and wiped his face. " Mae Govannen ." "Such a bland greeting would not warm my heart, Estel," another voice spoke up from the shadows. Another face, another familiar presence from his childhood. "Erestor!" Another exclaimed greeting and Aragorn hugged tight the chief advisor of his Ada. "All of you are here," he murmured, looking a little dazed. "Left Imladris empty, did you?" "Elrond will be glad of the respite!" Glorfindel scoffed. "All the twins did was to mope around since they went back to Rivendell." "We missed our brother!" Ellandan retorted defensively. "And our best friend!" he added, nodding at Legolas. There was a soft knock on the partly open door and Faramir made an appearance again. "Pardon me, Sire, but you will need to leave for the council in a few moments," he stated. "I have been remiss in my duty to extend welcome to our guests. Forgive me." He turned towards the recently arrived elves and bowed low. "Welcome to Minas Tirith, My Lord Ellandan, Lord Elrohir, Lord Glorfindel, Lord Erestor!" "No formalities required, My Lord Steward!" Glorfindel moved forward and clasped the arm of the young man in a warrior's greeting. "Your help has been invaluable for Estel. Hannon Le!" "I did nothing more than my duty, My Lord," Faramir murmured. Aragorn chuckled. This interlude had given him the time he needed to compose himself. Elrond's absence still festered akin a raw wound, but the presence of his loved ones acted as a balm and soothed him. "That's Faramir for you," he said. "Very proper, always underestimates his worth and loves books more than it could be considered healthy." The king's words caused Faramir to blush all the more. "Reminds you of someone, doesn't it?" Glorfindel murmured, pretending to think, all the while smirking at Elrond's chief adviser. "Hilarious, Glorfindel!" Erestor snapped. "There is nothing wrong in loving books, Estel," he reprimanded. "When your duties permit you, come to Rivendell, Faramir. The library there you might find to your taste." "If my King permits me, I would love to, My Lord," Faramir replied. It didn't take an expert to see that Faramir was ecstatic by this invite. "We will all journey to Rivendell," Aragorn said. "I miss my home; for my home it is, even though I dwell now in Minas Tirith." "That would be great, Estel," Ellandan said, thumping Aragorn on the back. "There is so much that we could show Faramir. On your return journey, we could pass through the Golden Woods. An admirer of elvish culture as Faramir is, he will love Lothlorien." There was a sharp gasp from the Steward. "That would be an honor indeed, Lord Ellandan" he said. "Or is it Lord Elrohir? Pardon my doubt, but I cannot tell you apart." "It is neither," Ellandan said. Aragorn had to stifle his laughter as Faramir looked both worried and confused. "It is just Ellandan and Elrohir, my friend," the son of Elrond intoned gently. "Or even Dan and Ro if you so prefer. And as you were wondering, I am Ellandan." "I have never heard Elves having nicknames," Faramir remarked. "They do not have Estel as their brother," Elrohir said. "It took him just one week in Imladris to come up with those." Aragorn folded his arms over his chest and said derisively, "You did not expect a 2 year old to remember those huge names of yours, did you?" Ellandan's retort, however, was left unsaid as a royal guard entered the room. "Your council is ready to receive you, My King," he announced, bowed and departed. "Its time already?" Aragorn murmured, nervousness engulfing him yet again. "Worry not, young one," Glorfindel said. "You were named Estel, hope; you will do great. Just follow your instincts. With Faramir as your Steward and Legolas by your side, you cannot go wrong." "Aye," Aragorn murmured. He squared his shoulders and marched towards the door, Legolas by his one side and Faramir at another. At the doorstep he turned. There stood his family; though one was missing, his presence Aragorn could feel. With a last smile, he stepped out to meet another step of his destiny. Not just as Elessar and Aragorn Arathornion of Minas Tirith, but also as Estel Elrondion of Rivendell. A/N – I hope you liked the story. Do review. I hope to write other one-shots exploring the friendships seen between the characters. If you have any ideas, I am welcome to them. Please review.