and she had many scratches on her face and arms from walking into branches and brambles. Curses for this shirt! Why didn't I take a jacket? She stopped abruptly, having the intense feeling that she was being watched. Something behind her rustled. Something that certainly wasn't the local wildlife or a particularly lively flower. I might have a stalker! He'll have lured me out of my vehicle and into the forest, just so he could get me alone to do God knows what to me! Okay, stay calm, stay calm. He could be a nice stalker, the kind that gives you tea and cake before- She didn't have much time to finish her thoughts of entertaining a stalker because, before she knew it, a massive weight tackled her, sending her and the attacker sprawling across the forest floor. Her heartbeat increased and adrenaline flooded her system. A large hand was over her mouth when she opened it to cry out. She closed her eyes and fought to be free of the body on top of her, trying to claw the assailant off her. "Don't scream for both our sakes, little one." Said a gruff voice. She stopped fighting for a moment to spare a glance. The man was covered in a layer of grime and dressed in clothes dirtied by time and circumstance. He was very tall and had shaggy dark hair, flecked with grey that looked like it had gone unwashed for several weeks. His eyes were grey and his face was unforgiving. She bit him as hard as she could and he let out a yelp of surprise but held on determinedly. She continued to thrash and struggle like a fish out of water until her muscles were aching with protest and the adrenaline started to leave her bloodstream. "If you can be more agreeable, then I will release you." His eyes glared as she nodded her consent. The hand over her mouth was taken away. Elizabeth coughed, her throat raw from shouts that weren't heard. "Who are you? Robin Hood? Where are your tights?" "You aren't in a position to be asking questions. Your breathing is loud enough to be assaulted in pitch darkness." He rose from the ground, dusting himself off and she followed suit. She sniffed. "I wasn't breathing loudly and, anyway, I am in a position to ask questions because I have pepper spray. So don't you try anything." "What is 'pepper spray'?" She stared at him, mystification evident on her face. "It's, um, a man-repelling device that I got off eBay." She quickly whipped it from her bag and tried to look menacing. "You mustn't tease me, little one." "Stop calling me, 'little one'. There is nothing little about me." Clearly, she had meant her temper and confidence, but she realized her grave mistake when the stranger raised an eyebrow. Her cheeks reddened slightly and she shook her head. "That may have come out badly. But the point is, I am not little, I have pepper spray and it would please me greatly if you pissed off." She gave him a dirty look and she was suddenly all too aware of how alone she was in the seemingly never ending forest. "There are creatures in this forest whom would not say no too a girl in their stomachs. If you swear to be quieter, I will happily be on my way." He must be one of those renaissance hobos I have heard so much about. "Fine." She said, very much questioning the existence of girl-eating monsters. "I solemnly swear not to breath loudly to attract unwanted attention. From girl-eating squirrels." A ghost of a smile graced his lips. "Then I shall take my leave." The man turned his back. "Wait!" She called at his retreating form, struck by that elusive inspiration. "Do you know the way back to the road?" Still turned away, he said, "There is no road until you get near enough to Bree." "Bree? " Um, what? This guy is off his rocker. He looked at her as if she'd announced herself to be a unicorn because she'd stuck an ice cream cone on her forehead, which she had done several times but that's hardly the point. "You must be lost indeed." She thought for a moment before coming to the conclusion that, yes, she was very lost. "Yes." She announced. "Um, would you mind awfully if you showed me to the the road or nearest sign of civilization. I would be very, very grateful." She twiddled her thumbs. The man considered her. How could she possibly have travelled any sort of distance with those clothes? She had an accent unknown to him and he didn't know of any land where the women dressed as she did. Most peculiar. "I will take you to Bree, it is near and is where I am intending to go." She frowned. "Who are you?" She repeated. "A ranger." She administered him a once-over. "You don't look much like a power ranger to me. Or a park ranger. Or an army ranger. What kind of ranger are you, exactly?" "One who will lead you to the nearest town." "Touché." Options: Stay in unidentified forest, maybe dying a tragic death because I don't know the first thing about survival. Or, go with the 'friendly' ranger-person and don't die. Besides, if he tries anything, I can pepper spray him. "Okay, I trust you for now. Just know that if you try anything, you'll get pepper sprayed." He nodded, keeping his eye on the small metal canister she clutched and wondering if it actually did anything at all. "As you wish. What might I call you?" "Eli- Um, Sandy." He walked carefully back in the direction he came, hardly making a sound. She followed, hoping that there would be tea and cake anyway, regardless of him not being a stalker. Hope you're liking it so far! Click the review button! It'll only take a few seconds :)