did look quite suspicious. In fact, he probably wouldn't let such a stranger into his home. An hour later and they were inside Rivendell. It was the first time he had ever been past the gate. His father made him wait for him once, but he never had the opportunity to see inside until now. The only thing inside his mind was that this place was beautiful. With the sound of the waterfall and laughter in the background, it seemed to be a paradise. He tried unsuccessfully to not gawk at his surroundings. "Have you never been here then?" Elladan questioned. "Nay. I was posted as a guard outside the gate once, but not allowed in." He was grateful that the hooded cloak shielded his face, for his face turned completely red at how pathetic he just sounded. As the were outside of the palace, he was asked to leave his horse. He did as he was asked and Elladan led him into the throne room. His eyes left the ground and met the gaze of the lord of Rivendell- Elrond. He bowed respectfully. Elrond sent all but Elladan and Legolas away. "Legolas Thrandullion, rise. I have been expecting to see you." Legolas rose and pulled his hood back; he was taken aback that Elrond had known who he was. "I have seen you in visions for many weeks now." "You have, Lord Elrond?" "Just call me Elrond, Prince Legolas." "Thank you. Please refer to me as just 'Legolas' if you do not mind." "You have traveled far. Would you like to make use of the hot springs? I have a room already prepared for you." "I am not here on official business. I couldn't possibly intrude." "You are welcome here whether on business or not. You need my help, and I am offering. I know, Legolas." He needed to say no more. He dipped his head in appreciation. "Elladan, you know which room is prepared. Legolas, I will talk to you later." Elladan wasted no time before doing as his father instructed. Once they were far away from any eavesdroppers, Elladan started talking. "Was what you told me a lie, then?" "Nay. I did leave Mirkwood. I will not return for a long while." "Why?" He didn't answer. When they reached a room, Elladan opened it and the steam rolled around the room like smoke. "Care for a soak first? You would be helping me out by giving me a break." "I have no reason to refuse." As they walked inside, they walked into an area and turned their backs to each other as they undressed and wrapped towels around their waists. Legolas walked on and slid into the hot spring. He hadn't noticed it before, but it smelled of lavender and other herbs he couldn't think the names of. He unbraided his hair before leaning back to let the herbal water do its work and clean his hair. Legolas could feel Elladan's gaze on him, so he struck up a conversation. "I have heard of you, you know. You and your brother." "Elrohir is probably still out on patrol...He should be back soon." "You have quite the reputation. Your pranks have been grumbled about many a times," Legolas teased. At that, Elladan let out a laugh. "I remember! Oh my, ada made us clean the stables for the whole week as punishment for that one!" Legolas continued to stir up conversation to avoid Elladan saying anything about the faint scars across his back. They were healing but at a slower rate than usual due to him being malnourished. Once they were done soaking, both of them dressed back in their clothing and Legolas braided his hair out of his face. "Your room is in the West wing. Adar has been expecting your for about a month now, so it's been cleaned and is ready." "Does Lord Elrond have the gift of foresight?" Legolas asked as Elladan led him to the room. He wasn't answered in words but in a nod. Elladan opened a door when the stopped and gestured inside. "This is your room. I will be back soon; we can properly have fun when I'm off duty," Elladan said with a wink. He laughed as he walked off. Legolas stepped inside the room and looked around. It was exceptionally nice with a large bed, dresser, and an attached bathroom. A knock sounded at the door and Elrond walked inside. "I see that you found the hot springs." "Aye. Thank you for letting me freshen up." "We need to talk about something. For one, your health. As a healer, I need to know if you have any injuries." "They're minimal. The scarring should clear up within the week." "I would like to see for myself. Just to be sure, Legolas." He shut his eyes as he did as Elrond asked. He unbuttoned the tunic and pulled it off and turned away from the healer. He could feel hands going over the scars and checking for openings. "How long were you locked up?" "Three months. Ada is just grieving. He wouldn't have let me die, I'm sure of it." "Nay, he would leave you half-dead until you faded or he died himself. I seen your death, young prince. Your were going to die. I don't know what changed your fate, but I seen you die." "You have the gift of foresight. I have heard that it is never certain, Lord Elrond." "Not often," Elrond admitted. "However, it was not just once. It has been many times." "How did I die?" "Thranduil. He would lose his temper. Decapitation, mutilation, a stab through the chest." "Ada would never...No, ada is just grieving, Lord Elrond! He wouldn't...You must be mistaken. I begged him to end it all, and he refused." "You must not go back to Mirkwood, Legolas. He will kill you. You must never go back." TRANSLATION: Odulen an edraith angin - "I'm here to save you." Ada/Adar - Daddy/ Father