his is long-legged stride. "If we direct you to leave, I request that you do so with haste, as it will be for your protection. I warn you: While our methods may seem harsh to you, you are not to defend nor question them, and you will make no contact with the prisoner outside of what is strictly necessary to translate his speech." As they approached the cell-grove, Amdir paused in wonder. In Lothlorien, even the prisons were strikingly beautiful. The enchanted trees emitted a strange and wondrous green energetic curtain that sparked blue when touched by leaves or insects. A small white butterfly passed through it with a bright spark, but emerged on the other side quite unharmed. She imagined it would be a different story if the prisoner tried to do the same. Inside the transparent green walls, a man knelt in the corner, his knees on a bed of soft moss, leaning over to cup his hands under a small waterfall and wash his face. Amdir's breath caught. On closer inspection, he had the long limbs and graceful stature of an elf, and a noble elf at that. Yet his bronzed skin was covered in tattoos; a bridge of dots crossed his cheeks and eyes and strange symbols decorated his jaw down his neck and disappeared into a dirty grey tunic. Jet black hair hung in disheveled braids down his back. He turned to face them and wild green eyes fell on the three elves, his lashes wet and dark. Full lips parted as he stared at them, showing the hint of white teeth. He rose, and that's when Amdir noticed the golden ropes around his feet and wrists. The Easterling's gaze fell on the young translator, dropping from her face down to her feet, and studying every inch of her in between. Haldir quickly stepped in front of her to block the prisoner's view. "You will remain out here," he said to her. "Repeat everything he says. Do not look at him. Do not speak directly to him." She nodded, suddenly nervous, but determined to do a good job, and stepped aside as the two guards entered the cell, swords drawn. Rumil stood in front of the prisoner, while Haldir stood beside him. "What is your name?" demanded Rumil. All eyes shifted to Amdir who quickly translated. The prisoners' dark green eyes had calmed as he began to understand what was happening. With a deep breath, he began to speak. "He is Uldor son Ulfang, and he comes from a long line of chieftains from the south east, past the dark lands…he was taken by a band of orcs, the army of his father's guests, there was an alliance but the orcs killed his village - no, his family - and he and his sister were taken… and his sister raped and tortured…" Amdir paused to gather herself, but Uldor kept talking. "Please slow down," said Amdir, making eye contact, and the prisoner paused. "Amdir," said Haldir sharply, and she looked away. Uldor began to speak again, but more slowly this time, he looked at Rumil and occasionally turned to look at Haldir, who still held his sword a few inches from the elf's neck. "He says that he was spared because he is elven kind, but he was forced to serve Maeglin before you – Haldir – took Dul Guldor many decades ago." Surprise crossed Haldir's face and he exchanged a look with Rumil. "How is it?" Haldir asked, "That an elf identifies himself as an Easterling and indeed bears the dress and tattoos of an eastern clan?" Amdir quickly translated, and Uldor watched her, his eyes alert but his bearing wary. Despite Haldir's warning, she met the prisoner's gaze, for she too was curious to know the answer. Uldor's eyes did not waiver from her face. "He is half-elven," she translated. "His mother was an Easterling, his real father elven, Noldo – no – Sinda, both, he says. But he was raised by Ulfang who took him as his own son. When you destroyed the Orc army at Dul Guldor, he escaped and has been living in the Brown Lands these years hence. He came south because the land has become too barren and dangerous with encroaching Orc raiders, and he seeks refuge within the Elven realms." "Who was your elven father?" asked Haldir, and the prisoner's face shuttered, suddenly expressionless as he spoke. "He says he does not know. His elven father disappeared before he was born and his mother would never tell him the name." Haldir looked hard at the dark-haired elf in front of him, who in turn stared at Amdir and asked a question. "He requests that you release his ropes," she translated. "He says there is no reason to tie him up as he means no harm." "We'll be the judge of that," replied Haldir as he and Rumil abruptly quit the cell, the interrogation completed for for the time being. He turned back to the prisoner at the last minute "You will remain bound," he said, and the prisoner's face fell. If he didn't understand the march warden's words, his tone was clear enough. Amdir watched the exchange. While the elf was well-built with broad shoulders and almost as tall as Haldir, he didn't seem dangerous. But it was not for her to question Haldir's tactics and was this not what Haldir had warned her not to do? With a deep inhale, she turned away and followed Haldir and Rumil down the forest path to the main hall to report back to its Lord and Lady. But as she walked she could not forget the feral look of those deep green eyes, simultaneously beautiful yet dangerous, nor the strange tattoos that traced the contours of Uldor's face, or his strange eastern accent as he told his story in a soft masculine voice. She had never seen anything like him, and she only hoped that her intrigue didn't show.