and smiled. "Remember you, I helped provide the meat on your table!" I said grabbing a beer mug and raising it to the ceiling. Everyone in the room cheered with me. "Ruby! Over here!" The twins cried out together from half way across the room. I looked to see the two of them, arms wrapped around each others shoulders, waving frantically at me. I decided sitting with them might not be the best idea possible and instead seated myself next to Legolas. I could FEEL the angst radiating from across the room. "So," I said finishing the mug to the last drop and slamming it down on the table. "Who do I have to screw to get more alcohol over here?" I raised the mug and waved it around for emphasis. Instead of handing me another mug, they cheered again. Most would say that Elves are quite intelligent; some of us beg to differ at times…. The next three hours contained the same three things being repeated in a cycle of doom. Drink, eat, tell a more elaborate telling of the kill. Drink, eat, elaborate, drink, eat, elaborate…. By about two in the morning I had passed the reigns to Legolas who was now telling some story that mildly resembled the hunt but more appropriately conformed to the plant. Fucking plant; making me all sticky. Without asking first. I sat back and watched the group. It had been whittled down to a brave few who felt that they could be up until three or four in the morning and get up at six without issues. I doubted that any of them would show up for work on time if at all later to-day. I maneuvered a chair around and placed my feet on it; leaning back in the one I was seated in. This had turned out to be quite an enjoyable evening. The meat had been delicious and the alcohol stady-in-flow. I had been given the heart of the deer I had killed to eat, and scarfed it without being asked twice. Once it was dead and gone there was no issue I guess. "Ruby!" Elladan said shaking me out of my stupor. I lurched forward clasping my free hand to my chest and attempted not to spill the ale in the other hand. "Oh! What?" "Its Elrohir, he's hurt. We need you to come now," He grabbed the arm I was holding the ale with and pulled me from my chair. We began towards the door quickly and I tossed the ale to one of the Elves that looked slightly less than drunk. Whether he caught it or not I will never know. "You have to look at him!" We ran from the room at top speed, him dragging me behind roughly. "Elladan, slow down! I can't keep up with you!" My arm was beginning to hurt a bit where he had a hold of it at the wrist and at the elbow where it was being bent. I was only good for speed in short bursts, as Elves are the long distance runners. Like Arabians. My brain flashed back to home. The smell of hay, dirt, and horses. Wet. Cold. Hot. Dry. Must. Dust. Home. Gone. A quick turn and I could see Elrohir laying against a wall, his arm wrapped tightly around his side. Falling to my knees beside him I began to tug lightly at his arm "What happened?" I asked. "It's nothing. Really." He gave way to the relentless tugging and moved his arm to his side. I looked at him, and then up to make eye contact. He smiled. Turning my head a bit Elladan's smile entered into my line of sight as well. "What is this? There is no wound here." I went to stand up but Elladan pushed me back to my knees. "What are you doing?" I grabbed at the hands that were now holding my shoulders, and therefore me, firmly in place. "Let go of me this instant!" "Why? It's our birthday today. Or did you forget that?" Elrohir said crawling forward and leaning in so he was inches from my face. "We were hoping that you could spend some quality time with us." His hand came up and stroked the side of my face gently. "We mean you no harm Ruby, you know that." "Let go of me! This is not the way to do this." I said, resuming the struggle against Elladan. "Oh come now Ruby," Elladan said kneeling down behind me but making sure not to lessen he pressure on my shoulders until he had made his point clear. "We aren't going to rape you." The hands disappeared. My eyes widened. "You two are sick….. Kinky, but sick." They laughed in unison. The most chilling laugh I believe I had ever heard. "But this is what you want isn't it? You want a rape fantasy. Don't you?" I swiveled my torso around to look Elladan in the eyes and then back to Elrohir. They nodded. "No, not rape… We want you to want it…" Elladan said. He leaned into my back, and to the left. Elrohir leaned forward, but to the right of me. "Fulfill our fantasy?" They whispered in my ears. I swear, I almost melted then and there. I was not averse to appeasing my Pet's sexual fantasies no matter how strange or violent. It makes me happy to know that I can spark such passion in them. And that they will only EVER share it with me. Or, do they… Hot breath on my neck and a body against my back snapped me out of my signature stupor. "A touch eager there aren't we boys?" I asked the twin Elves rutting against my back and thigh. "Well then, it is not for me to keep you waiting. Not on your birthday. Birthday Bash One tongue slowly traced the shell of my ear while the other one worked at the nape of my neck.