are not." He nodded. "Such loyalty to an absent king is remarkable and worthy of respect. I would be honored if you would be my steward." With that, the soon-to-be King of Gondor began to walk past him the way they came. Faramir hung his head as he turned. "I am not suited for it, my lord." The other man stopped, and turned just enough so that he could see Faramir. "I think the position would suit you well. I will need both a tactician and advisor, and you, Faramir, are both a scholarly man and a soldier. Who is better suited than yourself?" With that, he turned away again and continued back to the group in front of the half-ling's door. Faramir watched as the door opened to reveal Tircoi, who said something to Mithrandir. He watched as the wizard entered the room. He heard then, the sound of laughter. Then, the others that had gathered began to enter the room. Pippin with the other half-ling. Then, the dwarf and the elf. Then, his king. Lastly, the gardener, Samwise Gamgee. There were only two left outside the room, and they noticed him. Éowyn was leading the man that strongly resembled her towards him. "My lady, Éowyn," Faramir greeted her approach. "May I introduce you to my brother, Éomer?" Faramir bowed to Éomer, then caught Éowyn's gaze. She smiled radiantly at him and where her sadness dwelled in her bearing, there was left only beauty. Faramir had never expected to live to see the return of Gondor's king. He also did not expect that he would serve as his steward. He smiled to himself as King Elessar Telcontar spoke the words that he had suggested – the very same that long ago Elendil spoke. " Et Eärello Endorenna utúlien. Sinome maruvan ar Hildinyar tenn' Ambar-metta!" The White Tree's blossoms were falling like snow on the people gathered to watch their new king's crowning. It was spring in a way. A time of rebirth. Beside him was the Lady Éowyn of Rohan. He had asked her to remain in Gondor at his side. She refused at first, pleading the necessity to make peace with her uncle's death and burial, and to witness her brother ascend his own throne in Meduseld. Faramir was at first disheartened, until she had promised to return to Gondor, saying to him, "I shall be a shieldmaiden no longer, nor vie with the great Riders, nor take joy only in the songs of slaying. I will be a healer, and love all things that grow and are not barren." Shortly afterwards the King of Gondor, though not yet crowned, had approached Faramir and offered him the land of Ithilien in which to settle. The idea then grew in the young steward's mind to plant his lady a garden upon which she could love all that grew within it. He had then sought the counsel of Samwise Gamgee, who was generous in his knowledge. After King Théoden had been laid to rest, the newly crowned King Éomer returned to Gondor with his sister, whom he brought to Faramir's side. Faramir was unaware of the King of Rohan's knowledge of his affection for Éowyn, but knew the other man must know when the only words he spoke to him was a veiled order to instruct her in the traditions, lore, and manners of Gondor. Faramir had bowed to Éomer, King of Rohan, and then accepted the hand of Éowyn, the White Lady. Many years later, Faramir journeyed home from Minas Tirith to Ithilien. The years since the War of the Ring had transformed him. After his wife, the Lady Éowyn, had exhausted and tested the limits of his knowledge of lore and legend, she had borne him a son, Elboron, whose curious mind tested his scholarly father with each day when he eagerly asked for a new tale from the old legends from the tales of Númenor, to the stories of Gondor, to the adventures of Half-lings and Dwarves, to the songs of the Elves. And in this way, Faramir remained a scholar. He would often ride with the men of Gondor to battles against the remaining groups of orcs and Uruk-hai that survived the War of the Ring. It was still his duty to defend the kingdom that he loved so well. Only by now, he did not feel that he was trying to take his brother's place in the ranks. He knew it was his own choice to be so. It was his honor to defend the land of his king. And in this way, Faramir remained a soldier. He continued thusly to serve Elessar, his noble King of Gondor. He performed his duties well and with honor. Were the king to travel, he would guard the kingdom well. When called for advice, he would advise. When called to consult on tactics, he would do so at the bidding of his king. And in this way, Faramir remained a steward. Long after his death, he was respected and remembered in song and tale. He was Faramir, scholar, soldier, and Steward of Gondor. End Notes: I went with the translation of Faramir's mother's name, Finduilas, to mean "flowing hair." This is why he is reminded of his mother when he sees Eowyn. The healer's name, Tircoi, comes from Elvish words to translate together as "Life-watcher." I know that in the books Faramir is supposed to be awake when Aragorn treats him, and there are other things I tweaked and messed with, but again I ask that you bear with me. I do quote Tolkien's text several times throughout this story. I, obviously, do not really own that which I directly quote. Thank you for reading. I hope everyone enjoyed it. Please leave a review to let me know what you thought! (Please keep your flames and abuse to yourself, though. There's no call for them. Know the difference between constructive criticism and abuse, please.) Thank you! ~ RK