fall from her chest. She sank into the hot water, smiling as it ran over her skin. "Males desire a hairless female?" the elf asked, making Evie look at her, kneeling beside the tub with a pitcher. "Oh yeah," Evie shook her messy head. "it does sound pretty disgusting when you put it that way, doesn't it?" The elf's lips twitched into a smile. "Quite." she said plainly, dumping the contents of the pitcher over Evie's head and making her splutter as the elf instantly started massaging her hair. "Je-Jesus!" she spluttered, rubbing the flower scented stuff from her eyes. Amazingly, it didn't burn like shampoo would have. "I am simply washing your hair, my lady," the elf actually chuckled, scrubbing her hair as Evie sighed, feeling uncomfortable. She didn't particularly want help with this activity, but she didn't want to offend anyone. What if she told her to leave, would she have been offensive? Evie was an over worrier and after all, they had saved her...she wasn't going to risk rejecting their generosity. Without warning, the elf dumped another pitcher over head to rinse, making her splutter once again. Evie groaned. This was going to be a long bath. One hour later. Evie stared at herself in the mirror, shocked. Her hair was in large, ringlet curls. They fell halfway down her arms, and weren't even frizzy! She had another moment, knowing that her curly hair was a pain in the ass. She knew without a doubt that her hair was a wild beast. And whatever the elf had done, made it sleek and flawless. If she wasn't so thankful, she'd be pissed off. They didn't even have technology for a cell phone, but they could make her hair perfect? Her world could make amazing things like flying machines, BUT THEY CAN'T TAME FRIZZ? This was utter madness. She fumed silently to herself staring at the pretty dress. She decided she didn't look THAT fat in it. It flowed to the ground in whispy emerald green layers. I hugged her body, but wasn't overly tight. The long sleeves were open all the way to her shoulders, and they flowed behind her when she walked. There was a knock, making her whip around and almost fall as she squeaked for them to enter. Another, equally beautiful elf with honey chestnut hair walked in, smiling warmly at her. But unlike the other in fancy dress, this one was dressed like...Robin Hood. She chuckled in her mind. "Lady Uranthial said you have willingly removed the hair of your womanhood?" "..." "Nice to meet you too." Great, she'd been here...well, she didn't exactly know how long; but she was already known as 'That weird girl with the hairless crotch.' Fabulous. "I'm Tauriel," the freckled elf said brightly, her pale green eyes glittering. "I saved you from Mirkwood. I apologize, my curiosity at times controls me." Evie's eyes widened. "Did you really? Oh, thank you so much! I'm Genevieve. But call me Evie," she said enthusiastically. She really was thankful, even though she didn't know anything, she felt that she would have been doomed if she had not been found... "It was my pleasure, My Lady," she bowed, giving her a smile. "I've been summoned to bring you to the king. I should hope I am the Captain to send you to Lothlorien. I would much love to visit. Should that suit you?" "Yes!" Evie said instantly. If the lady saved her, then she felt the safest with her. Also, she'd much rather be in the company alone with a female than a male. Not that she liked women more, far from it. She was just shy and awkward. Being with a beautiful male elf, alone, for three days spun her into awkward girl turmoil. She grinned cheekily. "I am glad! I shall request the king then!" She motioned for her to follow her, and she did. She felt slightly uncomfortable, walking down the elegantly beautiful halls. They were all intricately carved wood. In all reality, it was breathtaking. Her and Tauriel made small talk, as Evie asked various questions about the halls and before she knew it, she was standing in front of the king. He sat with his pointy crown, looking elegant as ever on his throne. "Lady Genevieve, I have sent word to Galadriel. She said you are a treasure and to be treated with utmost respect until we deliver you to her," he said kindly. Evie raised her eyebrows, noticing his attitude towards her was much more friendly. "The Captain that shall escort you is but our own Prince, Legolas," he smiled proudly. "it is a three day journey but there is no other you will be safer with, I assure you." A guy? His SON? That probably looked like him? She was supposed to be alone, in the company of a handsome prince for three days? He was wrong, as awkward and shy as she was, that was seriously the MOST unsafe option. Evie panicked. "Um, sir, I mean...your majesty," Evie cleared her throat as he raised an eyebrow. What that a fucking snotty elf thing or what? "I was wondering if, um...well, I think I'd prefer Tauriel as my escort-" "Nonsense!" the king interrupted her quavering voice. "Tauriel is needed here. I assure you, my son is the best option." Evie opened and closed her mouth a few times, seeing his resolute expression. She glanced over at Tauriel, seeing her head hanging in defeat at her side. She sighed, forcing a smile on her face as she faced the king. She heard the doors behind her open, but she did not turn around. "Ah, here is my son now," the king rose from his thrown, holding his arms out with pride. A/N: If anyone is wondering, her name is pronounced: Jen-Nuh-Veev. I know the first time I saw that name, I was like...uh? But then I loved it xD Well, I'd love to know what you guys think!