in the horse's chest. The animal screams and reels backwards, tipping over and causing its phantom rider to topple to the ground. Grabbing you by the arm she pulls you along, straight through the forest. She ignores the screams all around and walks through the visions of fear, straight to the light at the end of the trees. A s you emerge from the forest, you realize that what you have been running through was only a slim line of trees, and that you have been going in circles, as you both suspected. Breaking through that line, you find yourselves in an even larger clearing, which is actually a long line without trees, stretching as far as you can see in either direction until on one side it reaches the foothills of snow-capped mountains in the distance. With a start you suddenly realize you are standing in front of the borders of Mirkwood. There in front of you is Beorn's house, the Carrock, Anduin, and everything that belongs to the well-known scene. Stopping for a short time to take in the surroundings, you begin running again at the memory of moments before, running toward the borders of the great forest you are seemingly shut out of. Shut out? That's strange you think to yourself...There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it, other than those strange black rocks everywhere, but the feeling of banishment is surrounding the trees. How are you to get in, and avoid the monsters behind you? Isn't that the prevailing question in dreams... Hello, it's you your subconscious again, lets fast-forward here, that body of yours is about to wake up because of all that light coming through the window, and the most important part is coming soon! You are standing, -seemingly small and unimportant- next to the tall, looming trees at the edge of Mirkwood. You shake water out of your cloak and shiver a little. (At least you proved Aili wrong about the waters of Anduin being warm.) While contemplating the reason your friend got you to jump in the river while she crossed in shallow water, you walk into a patch of light by the edge of the forest. "Um..." Aili says in a strange voice. You look forward quickly, soon realizing the light in front of you was not from the sun - then realizing what it did come from. You take a step back in astonishment, then fall forward to bow flat on the ground in awe and respect, gasping, "Your Majesty!" For there stands Thranduil, the King of Mirkwood himself. Light flowing from his glittering silver robe and emanating from his being. In your heart you shall always remember this moment, when you met the Elvenking of Mirkwood. Yes, surely you will remember this even when you wake up. Thranduil has just saved you from your Nightmare, coming to you like an angel to invite you into safety. And now, when you think things couldn't get more amazing, He says the most beautiful words you shall ever hear. Not in Elvish or the tongue of the Dwarves does he say it, but plainly, and in a Majestic voice, he says to you: " Rise, Dear One." And taking your small quivering hand, he helps you to your feet. You have never felt more thrilled than you do in this moment, holding the hand of the King, and looking up at the light coming from the flowing golden hair and shining ice blue eyes that make up one of the Elves you have most adored in your lifetime. He offers that you come with him to Lasgalen, to escape the Nazgul until you wake up... until you wake up... That's right, you are dreaming... Thranduil then makes the same offer to Aili, who stands directly behind you. He reaches out to take her hand to lead her into the forest, but to your surprise she bats it away and stares defiantly into his eyes. That's when you remember your friend is a Dwarf loving Elf hater. Then, to your complete astonishment, Aili turns her back on you and Thranduil, and walks slowly away, back to the dark nightmare she has just helped you escape from. You think Isaiah 53:6 applies here... something about people going astray... but as the time of your thought passes, things begin to get lighter... maybe it's Thranduil's luminescence, maybe it's something else...the color of the scene begins to fade as the Elvenking leads the small girl into the eaves of the forest...they begin to talk to each-other...The tall figure implies that his Warriors will take care of the Ulairi. The child attempts to resist an urge, then reaches up and fondly twirls a strand of golden hair. He smiles, and she simply says; "Oh, your Majesty, Silmarien says hello." THE END ...until tomorrow night, when our dreams meet again. Authors note: This fanfiction was based completely on a dream I had, so apologies if the Thranduil part wasn't long enough. The beginning was unclear, so I ad-libbed a bit. My friend Silmarien encouraged me to write it down in fanfiction form and post it here. I do believe the true Thranduil that has been tucked away in my heart has finally been revealed in my dream. Unfortunately, Silmarien's request to have me write about Thranduil's Elven warriors' fight with the Nazgul was never fulfilled, because I woke up before it happened. Thranduil only told me about it. Special thanks go to: TriciaOakenshield : thanks sis for doing such great Beta Work and suggesting I write the story in second person. Silmarien , thank you for persuading me to write a fanfiction out of my dream, and for keeping me going when I didn't want to write it anymore. Irisse, for being an expectant fan! Thanks so much for reading this, I hope you check out my other fanfictions...and I'd love some feedback on the story, so feel free to review! – Raurenkili With TriciaOakenshield as BetaReader