identity a secret." Legolas sidled up near Frodo's side, whispering into his ear. "I find it wise that you do the same." Frodo responded with a grin. "Gandalf said the exact same thing." His face dropped when he turned back to the gate. "I wish I had met you under more pleasant circumstances." Legolas nodded. "And I you." The gatekeeper let them pass with no trouble, but the night sky had turned dark, and he could smell the sea salt in the air as Frodo felt drops of water sprinkled down onto his face. Legolas' arm had started bleeding again, and he could see the blood running down the back of Legolas' hand, sliding down through his fingers. It didn't take long for the sprinkling rain to pick up. "What do you want to do?" Frodo asked Legolas, looking around cautiously. "It's not good for you to stay in this rain, but you're bleeding again and it'll attract more attention than you might want, walking into the Inn like that..." Sam nudged Frodo. "Let's get a room, then. You stay here, and I'll come get you when I've found us one. We can take him straight there then and find a healer afterwards." Frodo shook his head, placing a hand on Sam's shoulder. "No, I'll go. I should be the one to meet Gandalf. I'll be as quick as I can." Legolas slumped against the pub's wall, Sam immediately helping to keep the elf standing. "I'd advise you to hurry, Frodo," Legolas said, speaking in Elvish again. "And though I doubt he's here, ask for someone called Aragorn. If anyone can help me, it's him." Aragorn-or Strider, as he liked to be called—had been sent a message by Gandalf to meet the new ring bearer, a Hobbit by the name of Frodo Baggins, at the Prancing Pony Inn in his stead. Gandalf hadn't said why he couldn't make the journey, but if the wizard was asking for his help, Aragorn wasn't about to say no. But Gandalf hadn't set a meeting time, so it was anyone's guess when the Hobbit would show up. Aragon kept his cloak on, with his hood pulled up and pipe filled just to past the time. It was late evening when he saw three Hobbits entering the pub. Two of them hovered off to the side, while the third walked up to the front desk. The clerk leaned down over the counter to better talk to the Hobbit. "We have fine Hobbit sized rooms, if you are interested. We always cater to the small folk around here. Also got some of the finest ale you'll ever drink, if you're so inclined." The Hobbit-Mr. Underwood-asked for a regular sized room for five people. "By the way," the Hobbit asked. "Do you know someone called Aragorn?" Now that caught his attention. He sat up abruptly; no one around here should know that name. Aragorn had been careful, and cautious about hiding his true identity. When the clerk mentioned he hadn't heard the name before, the Hobbit's expression turned forlorn, before asking about another man which peaked his interest more. "Do you know Gandalf the Grey? I'm supposed to be meeting him here." The Hobbit asked, somewhat anxiously. "Hmm..." The bartender paused in thought. "I remember a Gandalf visiting here a few months back, but I haven't seen him since then." "Thanks, anyways." The smaller man sighed, and exchanged a quick glance with his companions before turning back to the clerk. "How long until our room is ready?" "A few minutes yet. I'll let you know as soon as I hear word it's been fixed up." Mr. Underwood exchanged a few words with his companions again, and they rushed off to the bar eagerly, while he walked back towards the front entrance. Aragorn wasn't sure why Mr. Underwood-who was probably Frodo Baggins-was leaving the Inn. It was pouring rain outside but now would be the perfect opportunity to ask questions best left away from prying ears. "I'm sorry. I couldn't find Aragorn-or Gandalf, for that matter." Frodo shook his head. "But I got us a room for the night. We'll stay there and figure out what to do in the morning." "The only other place I can think of to keep the ring safe is Rivendell." A cloaked man spoke in Elvish, accompanied by a forth Hobbit. Frodo instinctively shook his hair out when the rain ran though his hair; a futile effort. "Why are you speaking in Elvish, anyways?" Frodo sidled up to the man's side. "You were speaking English earlier." The man speaking Elvish was hidden in shadows, but Aragorn would know that voice anywhere. Aragorn stepped out from the doorway to meet them. "When he's exhausted or grievously injured," Aragorn interrupted, "he reverts back to one of the many Elvish languages he can speak." The forth Hobbit was glaring at him. "Who are you? What do you want with us?" Frodo stepped towards him, blocking Aragorn's view of the man. "Just leave us be." Aragorn was impressed by the courage displayed by these Hobbits. Through all Aragorn's calm demeanor, he was eager to get these Hobbits to trust him enough to let him closer. "I'm Aragorn," he said. "You've been looking for me. Haven't you, Legolas?" Legolas pushed himself away from the wall, stepping past the Hobbits, and collapsed into Aragorn's arms. He ran a gloved hand over the top of the Elf's green hood. " Mell nín, Legolas," Aragorn whispered. "What's wrong? Tell me." Legolas shook his head. "I wasn't fast enough." Aragorn stepped back far enough to see the raw skin around Legolas' neck. It was worse than he had feared, then. The journey into the far lands hadn't gone as planned, and they had been separated for too long. "I'm here now, Mell nín , and I'm not leaving again." Aragorn wrapped his arms around his beloved. "We are bound to each other, and I would not let you go so easily."