The door was shoved open. Strider drew his sword. Sam, Merry and Pippin rush in. Sam with fist clenched and ready to fight. The beast sat relaxed, having known who was coming by scent. "Let him go! Or I'll have you Longshanks!" Strider sheathed his sword. "You have a shout heart little hobbit, but that will not save you. You can no longer wait for the wizard Frodo. They're coming." Inside the gatehouse of Bree, the wizened gatekeeper heard a horse snorting. He got up to investments and opened the window in the gate. Suddenly the Black Riders crashed through the gate, crushing the gatekeeper underneath it, and galloped to the Prancing Pony. Screeches are heard. The Riders made for the Hobbits' room. Silently, they raised their swords high above them to plunge into the sleeping bodies. The swords descend; stabbing at the still forms as the Hobbits suddenly woke. The Riders pull back the covers and realized they have been attacking the bedclothes and pillows. They screamed in anguish and frustration. Strider watched from the window in his room as the Riders demoing their dark horses. The beast stood beside him. Growling deep in their throat. Strider stroked their neck. "Hush, friend." Frodo gravely concerned at the attack, sat at the foot of the bed. The rest of the sleeping Hobbits awoke by the Rider's cries, leaned wide-eyes against the headboard. "What are they?" Frodo asked. "They were once Men. Great kings of Men. Then Sauron the Deceiver gave to them nine Rings of Power. Blinded by their greed, they took them without question. One by one falling into darkness. Now they are slaves to his will. They are the Nazgul, Ringwraiths, neither alive nor dead. At all times they feel the presence of the Ring. Drawn to the power of the One. They will never stop hunting you." Strider said. Frodo gulped. Strider continued to stroke the beast's neck. "What is her name?" He asked of Frodo. "Her? It's a girl?" Pippin asked. "Yes. These beasts are wild animals of the North. Considered good luck to Rangers when they cross your path." Strider said. The large animal lay down. Placing its head on Strider's lap. He scratched behind her ears and she groaned. "Strong beasts they are. No person with evil intentions would dare cross them. They would be dead within seconds." Strider said. "What are they exactly?" Frodo asked. Looking the lounging creature. Content in the Ranger's presence. If she was calm, did that not mean he was no foe? "I do not know. They are commonly known as Ithil Garav . A Moon Wolf. As they have been known to only come out during the full moon. It is not their true names through. Gandalf would know." Strider said. "She scared off a Black Rider earlier. The horse ran off with its tail between its legs." Merry piped in. "Did she now? Truly, I am not surprised. She is a fit companion for journey such as this one." Strider said. "A companion needs a name." He continued, giving Frodo a hint. Frodo thought for moment. "If she brings good luck to Rangers perhaps she shall be called Ranger?" Frodo tested the name. The beast didn't comment. Her eyes closed and her breathe slow, Strider nodded. "She doesn't seem to mind it." Her stroked her matted fur. "Certainly ragged like a Ranger." The next morning, Strider led the way out of Bree with the Hobbits and a pony by the name of Bill in the middle and Ranger taking up the back. Her heavy footfalls assuring everyone that she was still following the group. "Where are you taking us?" Frodo called out. "Into the wild." Strider said simply. Merry ran up Frodo. "How do we know this Strider is a friend of Gandalf?" He whispered. "Ranger doesn't seem to mind him. Besides I think a servant of the Enemy would look fairer and feel fouler." Frodo said, not taking his eyes off of Strider's back. "He's foul enough!" Merry whisper-yelled. "We have no choice but to trust him." Frodo said. "But where is he leading us?" Sam spoke up from the back of the line. "To Rivendell, Master Gamgee, to the House of Elrond." Strider said causally. The Hobbits looked startled at his sudden response. "Did you hear that? Rivendell! We're going to see the Elves!" Snow started to fall and cover the ground. It stuck to Ranger's coat and she would shake randomly to rid of it. After a while the Hobbits paused, pulling out cookware and food from their packs. Strider looked back at them. "Gentlemen, we do not stop till nightfall." He said. "What about breakfast?" Pippin asked. "We've already had it." Strider said. "We've had one, yes. What about breakfast?" Strider walked away. "Don't think he knows about second breakfast Pip." Merry said. Pippin became alarmed. "What about elevenses? Luncheon? Afternoon tea? Diner? Supper? He knows about them doesn't he?" Pippin asked. "I wouldn't count on it." From over the bushes, Strider tossed an apple and Merry caught it. He handed it to Pippin and patted him on the shoulder. Another apple sailed through the air, hitting Pippin in the head. He looked up bewildered. "Pippin!" Merry yelled impatiently. Strider whistled a high pitch note and sent another apple flying. Ranger stood up on her hind legs and caught it in her mouth. She stood as tall as a troll. Her shadow covering the Hobbits. She landed back on the ground with an earth-shaking thud. Bill whinnied fearfully. She held the apple in her mouth and Frodo saw the rows of long, pointy teeth. Ranger crunched down on her apple. Destroying it in one bite. She licked her muzzle as she walked past the fearful Hobbits to walk beside Strider. She gave them a happy wave of her tail. A/N: Honestly fics with animals in them are my favorite so I had to write my own. I hope ya'll like it! Please Review!