regarding this missing scene from both the book and movie, check out Ithilien's 'Cry of the Gull'. You can find it in my favourite stories list. It's well worth it! :) Daylight: Wow, thanks! Ironically, I'd feared that everything you listed were things that Redleaf actually lacked. Don't worry, I'm still posting! There are now six chapters in all planned for this story. Elberethia: (raises eyebrows) I did not know that! By original draft, do you mean the first published edition of FotR ? (I have the second version.) If so, I'm definitely checking out both that and Treason of Isengard . Thanks for that heads-up and glad you like this fic! Viresse: (reels in shock) People are STILL reviewing?! Wow! Anyhow, yes, you will see from plenty of different viewpoints next chapter. As for the actual fate of Legolas Greenleaf… you'll see later on. elsbeth: Gee, well, thanks! Good to know you like the suspense (I'm still brushing up a bit). I hope you like this revision. Akino Ame: (blinks rapidly) Sorry, this is just the first time I've ever gotten someone to cross over from another fandom. I must agree that Legolas is rather underdeveloped, particularly in the books. But then, so are Gimli, Merry and Boromir. (sigh) I've never liked it when vital characters end up being overlooked. Legolas gets plenty of attention here on ;) and Boromir and Merry have some too, but only recently did I notice that there are almost no fics out there on Gimli, poor Dwarf. Well, Dwarves are hard to write about. And—YES!! I also draw extreme perverse pleasure from terrorizing crazy fangirls, or at least seeing them terrorized. (demonic grin) Thanks for answering all those questions I had from Echoes . Can't wait for Thesis, although I have yet to read Doppel. I'm again flattered that you think so highly of my fics! Arigato! (munches happily on cookie) P.S. Tell your Ringhead friend to check out HASA: Henneth Annûn Secret Archives. Unfortunately I can't post the URL here since FFN seems to have issues with that, but I can guarantee that virtually all the fics there are extremely high-caliber. A real treat. Thundera Tiger: First of all, you're totally forgiven for the delay. For a while I thought you were demonness earlier, so no hard feelings. Anyhow, your response blew me out of the water. I'm truly flattered that you like this fic so much! :-) It's funny you should focus on my descriptions of sound, because I never thought of it from that perspective; indeed, I thought I'd done too much description. I'm glad you like the sentence structure, which was something I wasn't really conscious of. Action… did you know, this chapter was my very first foray into writing action sequences, and though I'm still dissatisfied enough with it to moderately revise it as I just did, I'm flattered that you like it so much. Ditto with Legolas's perspective, but now that I reread it, I guess the viewpoint is just limited enough to make readers see things the way he sees (or feels) them. Ironically I wasn't really thinking about how the readers would be 'pulled in' by the descriptions of Legolas's descent into darkness, only about describing events. (sheepish grin) Anyhow, thank you so much for your input and helping me see things in the prose I hadn't noticed before. That's sure to help with the following chapters. Yes, you read right, I'm still working on it! Since coming here I have vowed never to stop something I've started, even if I have to go on a really long hiatus, and Redleaf is no exception. No problem at all with the late review! All I can ask is that you find it in your heart to forgive me , you and these fifteen other wonderful individuals who took the time to read and review and might still be waiting. Moe: (sheepish blush) Thanks! Sorry for the long wait… you can find at least bits and pieces of the story on my LiveJournal. Now that the revision is complete, I can get straight to work on Part Two. Hang in there! Quiet Infinity: Thanks very much for the compliments and support, as always. Don't worry, I've vowed not to discontinue anything I write here if I can help it, and Redleaf is becoming one of my favourites, so you will definitely see this updated and finished. And cheers for cliffhangers! :P Rhys: As always, thank you very much for the compliments and support. Hopefully you'll like the other characters' perspectives as much as you seem to enjoy that of Legolas. As always, keep checking my LiveJournal (URL on my bio) for updates. Sunn -Kissed: Once again, thank you for the support. As you'll see on my LiveJournal, the due date for the next installment is 30 November 2004 , which will be the first anniversary of Redleaf 's posting. I know, long time in coming. And—ooh, one of your guesses was spot-on ! (Sorry, I misread the first part of your guess and thought you were referring to something else last time I reviewed.) You'll find out exactly which one very soon. ;) Templa Otmena: Thank you for the support. I'm glad to hear that the angst was well-handled; I had worried about that somewhat. kiss316: Actually, this chapter was intended to be rather chaotic. However, it seems that it didn't get out of hand so that you could still keep track of events, which is something I'm very glad (and relieved) to hear. Thank you! Coming up: Part Two will cover the immediately subsequent events of the battle—from the eyes of several others that were present. Look for Gandalf, Aragorn, Gimli and ::contest!:: a mystery guest appearance or two. Any guesses? Tell me in your review! Thank you all for your kindness and patience. Now that the revision is up, I can get straight to work on Part Two! Be on the lookout! Hannon le, Strider