would've been dead." Legolas opened his mouth to protest, then shut it again. A chill hit him when he realized just how right Strider was- how close he had come- that Strider's risky actions had probably been his only chance. That's a morbid thought... "How did you learn how to do that?" he asked swiftly, trying to turn his mind away from such things. "Not get lost in Mirkwood, I mean- that's difficult even for elves." Strider chuckled again, but it seemed more reflective than at Legolas's own expense. "Mirkwood isn't so special, you know. It isn't the only twisted death trap out there. As long as you keep your head on your shoulders and go back the way you came, the path will be there." "That didn't answer my question." "Ah, now, Legolas, can't I be permitted a few secrets?" Strider asked, his voice deceptively light and humorous. "I have to keep my mysterious aura, you understand." Legolas huffed. Mysterious aura? As if. He turned back to face the path, staying quiet now and focusing on his destination, refusing to let himself be baited. Strider finally stopped his needling, falling silent as well as they continued on their way. He pulled Legolas's arm over his shoulder slightly more securely and moved along quietly for a few moments, still staring resolutely straight ahead, before he sighed gruffly. "...Thanks, as well. For..." He gestured with his chin at Legolas's shoulder and sighed. "I- wouldn't have lasted as long as you did." Legolas stared in surprise. He processed what had just been said, then swallowed and shut his eyes for a brief moment. Strider would've been- been killed, then. I see... Something about knowing that left him feeling cold inside, and when he opened his eyes again, he, too, looked straight ahead and did not say a word. Just when Legolas was finally looking forward to being home, Strider came to a stop. They too deep in elven lands to be in any danger, from Orcs, spiders, or otherwise, but Legolas was still left confused when the human peered around the small clearing, searching for any threats, and when none were found, he came to a stop beside a tree and leaned Legolas up against it. "Well, I think that this is where I take my leave." "Huh?" Legolas protested. "Wait, what do you mean? You're just going to go?" Strider shrugged. "I think so. I came to Mirkwood for a challenge, and found more than I wanted, to be honest- you elves sure do know how to throw a welcoming party. In any case, I think I've spent enough time out here. You're close enough to your people to be found, right? If you're really late like you say, they'll probably be out looking for you- if you stay here, they'll find you in no time." "Well, yes, but- but why don't you stay? At least for the night? My father would be glad to take you in- and I'm sure you could use a real rest-" "Ah, but I have work to do elsewhere. No time to be spent relaxing here. An old friend of mine needs my help out west- to act as an escort for some friends, I believe. If I linger any longer here I'll never make it in time." Legolas hesitated, opened his mouth to protest, then shut it again. Strider was fully in his rights to leave- if he wanted to vanish as quickly as he had appeared, there was nothing he could say about it. "I- well. All right, then. If you want to leave, I can't stop you." Strider gave a slight, absentminded little nod, and the human looked around the clearing once again before turning in the opposite direction. He paused, then, glancing back down at Legolas before shaking his head in admonishment and sweeping off his grey cloak to toss down onto the elf. "Take it. You're still too pale and look freezing. It'd be a shame for you to die from the aftereffects of fever after I'd saved you from poison." "I- I wasn't going to die! And I'm not cold, I'm- I'm just-" "Right, right," Strider laughed, waving him off, and Legolas glared at him even as he surreptitiously buried his cold, clammy hands into the warm cloth. The human stretched slightly, raised a hand in goodbye, and then, stopped again. He turned fully back to face him, head tilted to the side in contemplation, arms crossed, before he smiled a little. "...You know, Legolas, not many people would save the life of a wandering ranger. I have to thank you- and, out of everything I've seen on my trip out east, you're probably the most interesting one." Legolas frowned without comment. He wasn't sure if he should be insulted he seemed to be being called a thing or take it was a compliment with a grain of salt, so he opted for staying silent instead, and letting Strider finish. The man paused again, then nodded, as if sure of himself, and said, "I think you deserve to at least know my name. ...It's Aragorn." Aragorn? Why does that name sound familiar? ... Legolas's jaw dropped. Aragorn? Son of Arathorn?! He can't mean- "You're- you," he gasped, "...Son of Gondor?!" Aragorn grinned. "At your service, Prince of Mirkwood." Legolas gaped at him. The man waved slightly and smiled once more, then turned away one last time. Now, he did not halt his departure even as he said one last goodbye. "It was a pleasure meeting you. Maybe we could be friends, someday- just so long as not all your battles end the way this one did?" And Legolas was left staring openly at him as Aragorn headed back into the forest. Please, if you noticed any OOCness, tell me- it's been so long since I read the series I was honestly just guessing. But I'd like to know your opinions so I can improve. Please? Thanks for reading! :)