We only speak the most necessary things and are lost in our own thought. Normally I would love to go to Lorien but at the moment I just feel numb. Gandalf has always been there, I cannot remember a time without him. And now he's gone. I will miss him. Middle Earth will miss him. Galadriel welcomes us in Lorien as her guests. I enjoy staying out under the trees. We need time for ourselves because we all hurt. It is a warm, nice evening, I can faintly hear the songs of the elves of Lorien all around me and they lull me into a state where I no longer think anything. I just sit on a rock and stare ahead of me, the peace and silence welcome. Nobody is near me, I'm out here on my own and when the night grows older the others are sleeping. That is what I thought but someone is here with me. I haven't heard him approaching me which makes me wonder how long he is there… "Estel…" I whisper. We haven't been alone since we have left Rivendell. I feel uneasy but try to not let it show. The beautiful man just stands there with his hands in front of him and his head bowed. He looks tired, I guess he just woke up from his sleep. The sight reminds me of Rivendell when he stood in my room like that. "I've dreamt of you. Us. I cannot go back to sleep." These are his words. I get up from where I sit and slowly come towards him. He seems so timid. Aragorn of all people. I silently incline my head and he goes on: "It could have been you. Or me. We both could have died, too. I want you to know something before we go on. I know this journey is dangerous and might end in our deaths." I stare at him. "If I die I want you to know that I love you, Legolas." I gasp and take another step towards him, my hand reaching out to grab him by his neck. I pull him close to me, hug him. I feel his arms encircle my waist, he tries to press himself closer still. I inhale his rich scent that reminds me of a green forest. He always smells like this. "My beautiful Estel. I know. I love you, too." I say under my breath. I feel like I have run a million miles but that is just him, he always leaves me breathless. I feel him relax in my arms. He was nervous and tense before I said this, most likely because with those three words he risked everything. I will not reject him a third time. Maybe Arwen was right and we are meant for each other. It feels so good to finally hold him in my arms, soothe his back with my hands, feel his breath against the side of my face. When he looks up I see the bright smile on his face and cannot resist. I lean in closer to him and capture his lips with mine. Even though we have kissed before this is better than anything I ever felt. He instantly opens his lips, desperate to deepen the kiss and slight moans of pleasure escape him. He drives me insane, shatters my restraint. I feel nothing but his lips and his hands that begin to wander down on my chest only to go back up under my shirt to caress my skin. I gasp against his lips while he forces me two steps back to press my back against one of Lorien's huge trees. There is no chance to escape him now, he overwhelms me with his gentleness, his fingers exploring every inch of my flesh that they have access to. I hope that nobody will find us here, see what we are about to do. And I know that we both have not the strength to stop. We have waited so long and I need him just like he needs me. His mouth leaves mine, slowly kissing a track down to my collarbone where he places feather light kisses onto my skin, showers me with his adoration. I let my head fall back and close my eyes, this sensation makes me shiver. I have never felt my body so intensive as I can feel it now and ever drop of my blood seems to burn in my veins. He doesn't take it slow or particularly gentle, sometimes he bites my skin because he is so eager to taste and feel every inch of me. I will not make him stop, I just stand with my back against the tree and enjoy, moaning and whimpering under his ministrations. Elves are so different from humans. We never let our lust lead us but this is exactly what he makes me do now. Estel reminds me that I desire him with my heart, soul and my body. He will not let me escape from what I feel. Time stands still while he undresses me and admires my body. I do the same with him, finally, finally able to watch him shamelessly. When he presses me back against the tree he interlaces our fingers while he slowly makes love to me. I'm not aware of what I whisper but I cannot stop. I love him. I love him so much. After some time I feel his warm breath on my ear and shudder. It tickles but in the most pleasurable way. "Shhh… I love you, too, Legolas." He says. Only now I'm aware that I've said this loud enough for him to hear but this is okay. He needs to know what's in my heart. He knew it all along. We both knew. Fin ++++ Am I the only one who has the feeling that Aragorn and Legolas are OOC? Oh, please, please let me know what you think about this by reviewing. Thank you!