for what their punishment will be." Aiwendil smiled knowing that her father was a fairly smart man and coming up with a punishment was no problem for him. "Washing dishes." Gandalf said with a twinkle in his eyes. This was something that he was doing hoping that the two hobbits would learn that no one should mess with his fireworks. Aiwendil smiled. "That sounds like a reasonable punishment." She said, with a simple nod of her head. XXXXXXXXXXX Merry and Pippin were cleaning the mounds of dishes that were there under the watchful eyes of the witch and wizard. Aiwendil was listening to what Bilbo was saying to his fellow hobbits knowing that this would probably not end well. "Alas, eleventy-one years is far too short a time to live among such excellent admirable hobbits." Cheers were heard among the hobbits. "I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." Gandalf smiled. Aiwendil tried not to roll her eyes and smile. She knew that Bilbo was planning on doing something that wasn't all that easy to have plan. Her father knew more of the plan than she did. She looked at her father out of the corner of her eyes. He looked like he was going to leave. "I, uh, I h-have things to do. I've put this off for far too long. I regret to announce- this is the end. I am going now. I bid you all a very fond farewell... goodbye." She turned her head a little bit and saw Bilbo disappear. Her eyes widened. She should have known that he was going to disappear, but then again she wanted nothing to do with Bilbo's plan. She looked back over where her father stood and found out that he was gone. She simply rolled her eyes knowing that well enough that her father went to go and find Bilbo. She turned her attention back to the two hobbits that she was with and watching to make sure that Merry and Pippin were cleaning up the dishes like her father had ordered them to. XXXXXXXXXXX Aiwendil waited outside of Bilbo's house. She knew that her father was coming out of the house shortly after talking to Frodo. She held onto her staff in her hands. She was worried more than just a little worried, it felt like there was a dark cloud forming over their heads quickly and it was a dangerous one. She heard the door open and her father came out. "We have to go." He told her. His voice was fairly demanding. "Yes, father." Aiwendil said softly. "We need answers correct?" "Yes..." Aiwendil nodded her head. Together the wizard and witch had left Bags End. They needed the answers and the sooner that they got them the better chance that they had. XXXXXXXXXXX Gandalf and Aiwendil were in a building that had dozens of books the following day. They needed to find out the information that they needed about this ring and what Bilbo had said to Gandalf about the ring. Something wasn't right about this ring. Gandalf had found a book and decided to sit down with a glass of wine and read it by the flickering candlelight. Aiwendil was also reading one of the books that they had. Gandalf had found something in the book that he was reading. "The Year 3434 of the Second Age. Here follows the account of Isildur, High King of Gondor and the finding of the ring of power. 'It has come to me, the One Ring It shall be an heirloom of my kingdom. All those who follow in my bloodline shall be bound to its fate for I will risk no hurt to the Ring. It is precious to me, though I buy it with great pain. The markings upon the band begin to fade. The writing, which at first was as clear as red flame, has all but disappeared. A secret now that only fire can tell.'" Aiwendil got up from her chair to read what her father was reading. "That's it..." She said softly. She knew that this was something real dangerous something that needed destroyed. "Isildur found this... He was willing to put it upon his own bloodline..." Aiwendil didn't know what to say any more than what she had said. "We must return." He told his daughter. "We ride at first light." "Yes, father." She said curtly knowing that it was true that they would have to get back to the Shire to warn Frodo about it. Fear was actually gripping onto her heart. She knew that this task that her father was going to be putting them under was not going to be easy not at all. She moved away from her father and went to the window looking out it. She closed her blue eyes thinking the worst senario that could happen to Middle Earth. Something that she wished that weren't going to happen. She knew that this task was going to be hard to handle... even for the person that they were going to be putting the task upon, but how much was she willing to risk? She was of course willing to risk everything so she could get the world safe. XXXXXXXXXXX This is the end of chapter 1. Please review to let me know what you think. I want to become a better writer. Constructive criticism is welcome. I would love at least one review to help me continue on with writing. I will try to update this as soon as I can. Most likely within the next week I will have the next update if I am not working on another chapter for a different story. But please leave a review and let me know what you would like to see in pairings... if you want to see Aiwendil paired off with someone or not. Until next time.