bad acid trip with you in the next stall." Chris deadpanned and got the reaction he wanted. Danny was laughing and trembling and his eyes were shining with unshed tears. He's freaking out, but he's letting it go with that laugh. Chris grasps his arm and Danny does the same. He's letting it go, but he needs someone to stabilize him. "What do we know?" Chris asks gently. "Fact 1: We were in Afghanistan, near the border to Pakistan. "Fact 2: We were betrayed and arrested for treason. But we're pretty sure we would have been killed long before trial. "Fact 3: Our convoy was attacked by insurgents and an RPG was heading towards us then we blacked out. "Fact 4: We wake up in a forest, in an unknown land. "Fact 5: Our bodies have gone through some type of body modification because apparently we're glowing and our ears are pointy. "Fact 6: There is an unknown blond cosplaying as Legolas, complete with bow, arrows and sword. "Fact 7: He's not alone and telling us that yes, he is in fact the Legolas. "Fact 8: He's also telling us that yes we are in Middle Earth and we're elves. "Fact 9: He's telling the truth. "Fact 10: We don't believe a word he says." By the end of his list, Danny was cool as a cucumber. That was good. Then Legolas had to ruin it. Again. What a dick! "What were you arrested for?" Chris looks to Legolas and sees that he has an arrow poised and pointed at him. Chris glared venomously. "It's none of your business." Chris glared. "I order you to tell me!" Legolas glared, then he added, "by order of the Prince of Mirkwood, I-" Chris marched up to him, ignoring Danny's protest, only ordering him to stand down. He kept going even when he felt an arrow land beside her foot. He didn't stop or hesitate. Once he was right in front of the arrow pointed directly at her forehead, he spoke low and deadly. "You are nothing to me. You are not my prince or my boss or my commanding officer. So in that regard you cannot tell me to do jack shit. You think pointing an arrow at me and threatening my life will make me spill my secrets? I have been interrogated and tortured by men infinitely worse than you. So go ahead, shoot me and I will guarantee you, you'll be dead before you release the arrow. I may not live after this fight, but me and Danny will take as many of you fuckers with us. And that is no idle threat; it is a statement of fact. Do we understand each other, Princess?" Legolas stared in disbelief, outrage and a begrudging glimmer of respect. He hasn't had that many people saying no to him, has he? He relaxes the bow and puts it away. He says something in a language Chris doesn't understand and raises his hand, catching rope. The other elves are jumping down from the trees. Legolas reaches for Chris' hands. He ebbs away from Legolas. The prince of Mirkwood shoots him an annoyed glare. "Do not resist or they will shoot you." Legolas warned. "And who the hell says we want to go with you, asshole?" Danny said getting ready to fight, but Chris sent him a look that said to go along with it. "Vamos con ellos (We're going with them)." "Por qué (Why)?" "Para obtener algunas respuestas (To get answers)." "No me gusta esto, Chris (I don't like this)." "Lo sé, pero no tengo otra opción (I know, but we've got no other choice)." "Chris?" Danny asks hesitantly. "Si?" Chris doesn't like that tone. It means that he's about to talk about something that Chris won't like. "Usted sabe que usted puede hacer cosas que otros no pueden. ¿Cree usted que (you know that you can do things that no one else can't. Do you think) ..." He didn't finish. To be honest, the thought has crossed his head since he saw the self-proclaimed elf. It can be possible, but… "Yo no sé cómo (I don't know how)." Chris said. He looked at his brother in the eyes saying that they will talk about it, but later, now is not the time. Danny nods his acceptance. They're both tied and shoved towards the forest. They're pat down for any weapons. They find none except for the handcuffs and an IPod that Danny has, it's out of battery. The elves question what it is, but they say nothing. "You're smart boys, figure it the fuck out." Chris sneers. One of the elves comes up to him. "You seem too… delicate to be a warrior, and your partner there far too fragile. What tortures did you're 'worse men' subject you to? I wonder, if I can make you speak." The elf was trying to be intimidating, but was coming out as annoying in his eyes. Chris slammed his head in the elf's nose and kneed him in the abdomen. The elf fell to the ground. The other elves came to his aid. "It was something like that," Chris smirked. Another elf came up to him ready to strike him, but Legolas stopped him. "That is enough. We take them to Rivendell; we'll see what Lord Elrond can make of them." Legolas said, glaring at Chris, which Chris only replied with his best 'eat shit and die' grin. Legolas looked ready to hit him himself, but didn't. The group with Chris and Danny in tow started moving. Minutes later they hit the road and two more elves standing by horses. Two elves shared a horse so that Chris and Danny had one to ride. It wasn't so bad. If this really was Middle Earth, which he doesn't believe he's in, he believes that the first meeting and impressions could have gone worse. After all, treason wasn't the worst thing they've done. A/N: Revised May 12, 2013