inability to explain things more clearly. "The gifts that are exchanged are in honor of something that won't happen for thousands and thousands of years yet and for Thomas and I that is confusing enough." This time Aragorn and Arwen exchanged puzzled glances. "We will honor your wishes not to explain the full meaning of the holiday to us," Aragorn said slowly, though he was somewhat surprised by their unwillingness to share something that was obviously so important to them. He ran his hand through his hair and his eyes narrowed in thought. "Would it be better to celebrate this holiday privately… just the two of you?" Thomas immediately shook his head, "No, it's a family holiday too, like Thanksgiving. There's a special meal again and we have to have a Christmas tree – we'll have to make decorations, Rebecca – and we sing songs besides exchanging gifts." Aragorn and Arwen laughed at his enthusiasm. "What is a Christmas tree? What kind of songs do you sing?" they asked at the same time. "A fir tree or a pine tree that you cut down and bring into the house and decorate it with… pretty things," Rebecca replied, not bothering to explain colored lights or tinsel. "We have special kinds of songs we sing at Christmas called carols, but I don't know if I know the words to very many of them," Thomas said with a frown. "We need to write them down, Rebecca, so we don't forget them." Rebecca indicated her agreement. "You bring a tree into the house?" Aragorn couldn't keep the amazement out of his voice. "How big a tree?" Thomas shrugged, "As big as you want, though most houses didn't have the high ceilings that our home does," he glanced upwards. "So, most would only be six or seven feet tall, I guess." "So, you decorate the tree and then what?" Arwen asked, her expression as confused as Aragorn's. "The presents go under the tree and you open them on Christmas morning," Rebecca explained. "I know it sounds strange to you, but it's just one of the traditions and the tree was always so pretty lit up with colored lights at night and with presents under the tree and the children so excited." Her voice held a certain wistfulness that none could miss and they could tell she was lost in her memories. Thomas took her hand and she didn't notice for a moment and then she looked at him and smiled. "Then we shall have a tree," Arwen said firmly, "but I do not know what colored lights are." Rebecca gave her a sheepish grin, "I didn't mean to mention them. We can't have or make them here because you need electricity," by now both Arwen and Aragorn had heard that term often enough to have a very vague idea of what it meant – some sort of power. "But it is sort of like little candles in glass and the glass is different colors – red, green, blue, yellow – it's very pretty when it's on the tree." "I imagine it is," Arwen said quietly. "We will have to decorate this tree in some other way." Rebecca nodded. "You mentioned a special meal, is turkey also served at this meal?" "It can be, but we usually had ham or sometimes roast beef," Thomas replied. "We always had ham, too." "That is easy enough," Aragorn said. "Now about these gifts," he gave them a small smile, "what sort of gifts do you give?" "Whatever you want to give," Rebecca said, looking down and playing with the tassel on the pillow next to her. "Something small is fine, even something homemade." She looked up at Aragorn as she realized something. "Especially as you mentioned this Mettarë holiday has gifts as part of it," she suddenly looked worried. "Are those big gifts? Maybe we should skip gifts at Christmas, Thomas, and just have the tree and sing and eat together." Aragorn laughed, "Do not worry, sell-nín , I believe that we may have gifts on both holidays, I just wanted an idea of what sorts of things might be exchanged, if there were some special types of gifts that are given for the occasion." "In my family the gifts were usually based on what we needed, clothing and things like that. When I was younger, I'd get one toy," Thomas said. "It was the same in my family, though I often received books," Rebecca said with a smile. "That does not surprise me," Aragorn commented, smiling at her. "Is there anything else? About either of the holidays?" "Not that I can think of," Rebecca replied slowly, "but if we think of something else, we can tell you later." "All right," Aragorn said standing and stretching before moving to the window, he could not see anything in the darkness outside, though he could now more easily hear the steadily falling rain. He turned back, looking first at Arwen and then at Rebecca and Thomas. "I hope your hearts are set more at ease after speaking with us. I believe that these holidays of yours… and now Arwen's and mine as well, will turn out to be special for you. I am particularly interested in hearing you sing, Thomas," he said with a grin. Thomas laughed even as he realized that the words to the songs would have no meaning to anyone here, but he decided he was going to sing at least some of the songs that he knew and then explain what he could. "Thank you, Arwen, Adar" Rebecca said, moving to Aragorn and embracing him tightly before more gently embracing Arwen who stood to bid them good night. Thomas also thanked them before the two of them left and headed to their respective chambers. 0-0-0-0-0 To be continued… Reviewers: Thanks to everyone who reads the story and especially to those who review, I appreciate the encouragement. I will answer everyone by email if I have an address.