fairest of all Elves yet living. She is likened to Luthien Tinuviel, notorious for her loveliness." I sigh again as I almost slip into a dream, remembering how I had called out to her, "Tinuviel, Tinuviel!" and her sweet voice rung in my ears, replying, "Why do you call me by that name?" But I wouldn't. I refused to let myself become lost in hearing her voice, if only through a memory. I set the Evenstar on the little table beside my bed, dragging my eyes away from it. I would not look at it. That life was over. I turned back to Eowyn. "Eowyn, you said last night…" She blushed and interrupted me. "Heed naught what I said last night. I was tired and ill. I am sorry." Concern and my healing instincts flared up within me, but I hushed them, and told myself that if Eowyn were truly ill, she would tell someone. It was probably due to too much stress or something. Besides, she looked well enough now. She wouldn't risk becoming ill just ere war, for she would want to be well enough to fight. "Nay, Eowyn, what you said truly matched my heart. Only, I wished to ask: have you ever had someone to catch your tears?" She turned away from me and said, "When they weren't busy my uncle and brother were there for me, but too often they didn't see what I saw. A snake haunted me. as he climbed the ladder towards the king's high advisor, I was powerless to fight him. My cousin, Theodred, saw more than anyone else. He saw Grima attempting to advance upon me. He even comforted me as much as he could. He taught me what he could of love, but Grima knew that he saw him. He knew what he saw, and what he did not see, what he could not see. He also knew me better than I would have liked. He knew that I would never call for the aid of a loved one, that I would never called him from his duty. He knew how far his power over me extended. So he sent Theodred away. I could not bring him back, I hardly saw him after that. Eomer also was sent away, and I was left with my uncle. Grima thrust Theoden under his sway, and I was lost. I had no one to protect me from Grima. No one to, as you asked, catch my tears." I swallowed my anger. This was the man I had commanded Theoden to spare. I had thought myself noble and forgiving at the time, but now I saw myself as a fool who had failed a friend. Was Eowyn just a friend? A friend who was potentially more than a friend. "Eowyn…" She turned to me, her eyes alight with tears. I wondered if mine resembled hers. She looked so beautiful. Her hair tumbling around her face, I realized what a hurry she had been in to reach me, for she had not even bound her hair in any way. Her lip trembled at the effort to keep her tears inside. She didn't have to. I was here. I would hold her while she cried. I realized then that perhaps, just as I was wrong for Arwen, Arwen was wrong for me. I loved her, yes, and I knew she loved me. But Eowyn loved me too, and I wondered if perhaps I could love her. It would be different, certainly, from loving Arwen, for Arwen did not see the world the same way men did. She saw it through an Elf's eyes. She did not worry as much as we did about a war. To us, it was fatal, to her, it was just another skirmish that would pass someday, and scar one more tree. Eowyn knew my fears of things, for she lived them too. Without being fully aware of what I was doing, I leaned over towards Eowyn and kissed her. She hesitated, and then gently pulled away. "Aragorn, you know not what you do. Let this rest. You will come to peace with it soon, and things will be clearer to you then." "Nay, Eowyn. I know what I am doing. I love Arwen, yes. I fear I always will. However, I can still give you undivided love, for the love I give to Arwen has been given, and rejected. It will always burn in a tiny part of my heart, never to be reopened. You are of the same mortality as I, and you value many of the same things. Arwen drifts, she does not value days or minutes during which things could be done. She values centuries during which things could be learned. We are of the same race, and we know what we both want. Eowyn, I ask you now, should we both survive this war, will you marry me?" She hesitated, and I wondered which answer I wish for. I decided that I knew, I wanted to marry Eowyn, for I could be happy with her. "Aragorn, I shall not give you a yes, or a no, for I wish for this to settle for both of us first. I shall give you an answer ere we break camp. Until then, Aragorn, think and decide if this is what you really want. I shall understand if you change your mind for many act out of desperation and pain in a situation such as this." I nodded. With her hands, she swept all of her long golden hair back out of her way and then rose and made to leave. Just as she was stepping out of the tent, I stopped her. "Eowyn, both you and I can do something for each other that neither of our previous lover's could do, Theodred, because he was taken from you, and Arwen because she did not understand the pain of men. When we cry, we can catch each other's tears."