good home with loving parents who will care for them. I do not want them to grow up shadowed with doubt and hopelessness, either. I hope that such a house remains where they can be respected for who they are, for they are truly special children, if not entirely in line with what others expect from them. Remember, though, the royal blood that runs in their veins. I will not have my children treated like slum children. I'm sorry to leave you like this, and I know how difficult it will be for you, but let these words be of comfort to you. I love you, dear brother. I love you. Love, Theodwyn She reread over her note, and then slipped it into an envelope and scrawled her brother's name on the front. She then put it on the top of her dresser, and went to lay down. She had no idea how long to wait, but she knew that it wouldn't be long until the sickness kicked in. When Eowyn and Eomer finally came back inside for dinner, and they found their mother, Theodwyn was already so weak that she could hardly understand what was happening. Her drowning sorrow made everything move quicker, so in a few hours after deciding to let go, she was already beyond the point of forming cohesive sentences. Eowyn burst into tears at seeing her mother, even though she had been behaving oddly like this ever since her father had died. She cried to her brother that "mother's dying, go get someone," and Eomer fled the room following his sister's command. He knew by now that even though he was older by four years, Eowyn was wiser than he. Only eleven years old, he ran quickly, but then there was nothing that could be done. Theodwyn slipped away in the middle of the night, and the healer who had been summoned, Lady Halian, swore that she heard the lady whisper as she slipped away, "Gondor…" Lily Pads "She reminds me of my mother," he said suddenly, and she glanced up at him surprised. She had been in the middle of describing her mother, at his request, when he suddenly interrupted her with his reference to his own mother. "What do you mean, Milord?" He looked up at the Eastern wall, as he spoke and said, "She died like your mother, yet so unlike her. She, too, died of sorrow and grief, yet she had nothing to grieve. It took me years to finally understand why she left us. I believe that she felt that she had lost everything. She left her home behind for hope, but I don't think that she found it, and I think that she was disappointed with what she did find. I guess she gave up her dreams for my father, and when she felt that she had lost him to the Shadow, she died." A silence stretched between them before he quietly added, "I was there when she died." She looked up at him and said, "I, too, was present at my mother's death. My brother was there too, but he had fallen asleep as we watched her dying. There was nothing left for us to do, so we just watched. She was too weak to speak, too weak to do anything. So we just watched. It was misery. I was only seven." "Only two summers older than I," he whispered. "Only two summers older than you," she agreed. They sat in silent respect for both women for a short moment before she finally said, "Finduilas is a fair name. What does it mean?" "Hair like a river of leaves. She was named when she was ten, I believe my grandfather wanted to follow some tradition of the Rohirrim—I don't know why or if that's true—My uncle always said that when his sister was playing in the orchard in autumn, she would come back out with her hair like a river of leaves. That's why she was named like that." She looked at him, confused. She had never seen leaves in a river, as he was describing, for Rohan had few trees, and she had only rarely even seen a river, not to mention one like he was describing. He caught on to her confusion, and smiled. "Like that pond there, except flowing. You see the lily pads there? Those are leaves too. Imagine the water flowing and long, with those leaves floating in it. There you will see my mother's hair. Except, hers was black, rather than clear blue." She smiled at his description, and imagined a woman with long black hair and lily pads in her hair. "Do you miss her, or can you even remember her?" "I remember enough about her to know her, should I ever see her again. But no, I barely remember her at all. I just remember her dying that day." A shame, that that it is the only thing that a man can remember about his mother: her death. I'm sure that his mother is regretting this choice now, for I'm sure that she wanted him to have pleasant memories of her before her death, she thought to herself, but she did not voice these thoughts aloud. Rather, she chose a lighter path of topics, for she was tired of being sad, and somehow his presence made her happy. "Did you ever see her again?" She asked, teasing. He smiled at her, but his eyes were serious. "Only once, in a fair shieldmaiden of Rohan with the fair grey eyes like those of my people. Only once, in the White Lady of Rohan." Surprised by this, she stared at him for a moment, before laying her head down on his shoulder. He put an arm around her, and they sat in the gardens of the Houses of Healing until the sun had set in the west. And the wishes of Theodwyn and Finduilas were fulfilled by the pond of lily pads.