Boromir. It was his spirit. No longer tied to the person who was Boromir, it was the nameless spirit of Faramir's brother. He even knew that then. He never called his brother by his name save once, when he first saw him. A hero's welcome. Very well. He closed his eyes, and tried to remember it. He knew that he had to draw a white tree on the person's face—to say that all in Gondor would have been lost without him, in a sense, he was Gondor—and then he had to say the words of thank you. Then on the other side of his face, he would draw a star—to summon the blessings of Elbereth—and say the words of blessing. Then, on the man's forehead, he would draw a house, and say the words of welcome. The major problem was that he didn't know the words. He reached back into his memory, until he thought of something that might be appropriate. The lament that Aragorn and Legolas had sung for Boromir at his death—recounting his journey—a song from Rivendell, where Boromir's downfall began, and a song of home, that he had been taught by a friend. He drew three lines with red ink on the pendant. A horizontal line across the exact center, and then a vertical line dividing the bottom half into two pieces. In the right square, he drew the tree. Blossoming and alive. Whispering, barely audible, he said, " Through Rohan over fen and field where the long grass grows The West Wind comes walking, and about the walls it goes. 'What news from the West, O wandering wind, do you bring to me tonight? Have you seen Boromir the Tall by moon or by starlight?' 'I saw him ride over seven streams, over waters wide and grey; I saw him walk in empty lands, until he passed away Into the shadows of the North. I saw him then no more. The North Wind may have heard the horn of the son of Denethor.' 'O Boromir! From the high walls westward I looked afar, But you came not from the empty lands where no men are.' From the mouths of the Sea the South Wind flies, from the sandhills and the stones; The wailing of the gulls it bears, and at the gate it moans. 'What news from the South, O sighing wind, do you bring to me at eve? Where now is Boromir the fair? He tarries and I grieve.' 'Ask not of me where he doth dwell --- so many bones there lie On the white shores and the dark shores under the stormy sky; So many have passed down Anduin to find the flowing Sea. Ask of the North Wind news of them the North Wind sends to me!' 'O Boromir! Beyond the gate the seaward road runs south, But you came not with the wailing gulls from the grey sea's mouth.' From the Gate of Kings the North Wind rides, and past the roaring falls; And clear and cold about the tower its loud horn calls. 'What news from the North, O mighty wind, do you bring to me today? What news of Boromir the Bold? For he is long away.' 'Beneath Amon Hen I heard his cry. There many foes he fought. His cloven shield, his broken sword, they to the water brought. His head so proud, his face so fair, his limbs they laid to rest; And Rauros, golden Rauros-falls, bore him upon its breast.' 'O Boromir! The Tower of Gaurd shall ever northward gaze To Rauros, golden Rauros-falls, until the end of days.'" In the left space, he drew the star. " A Elbereth Gilthoniel, Silivren penna míriel O menel aglar elenath! Na-chaered palan-díriel O galadhremmin ennorath, Fanuilos, le linnathon Nef aear, sí nef aearon!" Finally, in the final piece. Where the forehead should be, he drew a tiny house. Altering the words slightly, to fit his brother, he whispered one last time. "In eastern lands beneath the Sun The flowers may rise in Spring, The trees may bud, the waters run, The merry finches sing. Or there maybe 'tis cloudless night And swaying beeches bear The Elven-stars as jewels white Amid their branching hair. Though here at journey's end you lie In darkness buried deep, Beyond all towers strong and high, Beyond all mountains steep, Above all shadows rides the Sun And Stars for ever dwell: You will not say the Day is done, Nor bid the Stars farewell." He then pressed his lips to the drawing of the house, and the rite was done. He noticed that the leather cord on which Boromir had worn the pendant was gone, so he strung one of his own through the blackened hole in the center. When he did, however, he noticed something was written on the other side. Tiny letters read these two verses: Still round the corner there may wait A new road or a secret gate, And though we pass them by today, Tomorrow we may come this way And take the hidden paths that run Towards the Moon or to the Sun. Home is behind, the world ahead, And there are many paths to tread Through shadows to the edge of night, Until the Stars are all alight. Faramir smiled at this, recognizing the penmanship, and slipped the pendant over his neck and tucked it into his shirt. Rising to his feet, he left the room. He spotted Eowyn down the hall, and hurried to catch up with her. She looked surprised when he kissed her on the cheek, and looked at him suspiciously. He just grinned at her. He felt lighter than he had in days. He saw the eight Fellowship members up ahead, but it didn't bother him. Eight. That was all that was left. Of the Fellowship anyway. Boromir didn't exist anymore. But his spirit had walked all that way to see him again, and Faramir had gotten a chance to welcome him home.