iota of its rich timbre. Yet the stars in his eyes had been faded and the depths beyond them lay as dark as the waters of a winterly marsh. And it was as if a veil was removed and revealed his desperate struggle for the few he had left. And I recognized that even if his pride would not bow, the man it shielded would finally succumb to his burden and my heart broke. "Come with me friend," I said, "If I may call you that way. Come with me now and we shall find you a horse whose skills will fit you." He abandoned his doorpost. Together we headed down the aisle, I still stripped to the waist and with the horse brush in my hand, he soft-footed and setting each step carefully. I found myself unable to take my eyes from him. Light he seemed as he walked beside me, almost transparent and shining from inside. So alike my sister, as she was now that her praise was sung in the streets. Maybe that is how people become who have been touched by the shadow and defeated it, I thought. Maybe evil itself has its secret; one that even Sauron the Deceiver could not foresee, that even the most abyssal malice entails the seed of good. The horses in the bays stirred as we passed by. Most of them I knew and golden motes rose and glittered downwards when manes were shaken and voices were raised to greet me. I was grateful for each of them, each one who had followed its master into the savagery of war and survived. I introduced them all to my guest – for that was how I saw him now – and he listened patiently. "Fáma, the brown one on the left. Seven winters old yet still hot-tempered. A proper cure for those who hold their own riding skills in higher esteem than it suits them." Faramir laughed quietly; he may have recalled certain tales his brother had told – and possibly slightly altered on his own behalf. "Over there you see Heirian, mother of many mighty chargers, and still a legend on the battlefield herself. She would carry you safely across the Grinding Iceand I would give her to you if her pace was not too harsh for a wounded man to be comfortable with." There was that eyebrow again, a habit being such a crucial part of himself it seemed to lead a life of its own. "Oh, I think that after all I should be able to take a bit of a thrust." As I said, I was never a man of talk, and usually the sheer notion of casually chatting along with a person more well-spoken than Gríma Wormtongue would have turned my tongue into lead. I don´t know what spell lay in the presence of this gentle, that made the words come to me that easily. "Since you have just made me your personal healer I must insist on you following my orders thoroughly." "Maybe I should say that I do not require so much regard." "Maybe I should say that if I take somebody for a ride I take care for my companion to return safely." "Then I am glad to be in your care." He turned his face to me and I saw the tender mockery in the corner of his eyes. For a moment I would flare until I recognized the truth in every single word, including those spoken in the woods of Ithilien and I understood why his people loved him. I went to the next box, all of a sudden my skin felt like the belly of a foal brushed by summer grasses. "Hasufel´s pace might require a softer saddle but as long as you keep your feet in the stirrups there should be not much of a risk. Take him and he will be a better brace to you than any doorpost could be." He laughed with no grudge because I had detected his little secret and though his laughter was soft it filled the large hall to the last corner. I watched him reaching out his hand and Hasufel, who used to choose his company with great care, bent his head and brushed the offered palm with soft nostrils. Somewhere below my southernmost rib the foal was rolling in the grass, catching thistles and dandelion seeds in its mane. I said: "I think there should be a fitting saddle in the next bay," and he smiled at me, nose to nose with Hasufel, both their sight restricted by streaks of auburn forelocks. The foal was galloping through a summerstorm. Eventually I found a saddle and headgear. The bridling took more time than usual, since he insisted on helping and I refused to let my guest do the work. Hasufel looked mildly disturbed, though did not move a muscle, not even when I checked the saddle girth for the third time, but finally it was done. I led him out of his box to give Faramir room to mount and since I did not know how much help he would need I placed my hand on his shoulder in an, as I hoped, unobtrusive way. He shivered under my touch yet it was not out of fear, for when I looked at him I knew there were not many things left that man was afraid of. Childish, that was what I had secretly called him, but when I met his gaze I found myself being the child. Though being of noble blood myself, the company of highborn, well-read men had always made me feel inappropriate and dim-witted. Yet now all that seemed inappropriate to me was the thought of laying the steward of Gondor on a horse blanket in the kingly stables. And the only thing I felt dim-witted about was the fact that I had been such a peasant to assume that all the time we were talking about horses.