recognized instantly. He had heard it many times raised in song in the Hall of Fire in Imladris. " Calad-tithen nîn, tolo a naneth gîn! " " Telin! Telin! " The child answered, her pace quickening. "Your name is Anglawiel?" Legolas managed to ask, his mouth suddenly dry. "Your parents named you 'gift of sunlight'?" The young girl nodded with flushing cheeks just as three figures emerged onto the path. Legolas smiled when he saw his dear friends Aragorn and Arwen with their son Eldarion, who had grown in the likeness of his father and now appeared as a youth of perhaps eighteen years. All were garbed in simple, yet finely made clothing for their walk in Ithilien. Aragorn bore no sign that he was king of Gondor other than his ring, Barahir; no crown adorned his head, which had begun to show faint signs of grey amongst the dark hair. Arwen too was without any embellishments, her lilac gown seeming to float about her like the petals of a flower caught in the summer air. Her beauty had not diminished with her choice of mortality, for her ivory skin remained unblemished as well as her silky curtain of long ebony hair, and the light of the stars shone yet in her eyes. The Evenstar smiled at Legolas upon seeing him, something in her ageless eyes telling the elven prince what he would not admit to himself. The sharp grey eyes of Aragorn, who had been present the day on the plains of Morannon to witness the most tragic and terrible loss of Legolas' long life since the death of his mother, were understanding and empathetic. The King of Men and the Evenstar had known upon their first daughter's birth that she would hold a great significance not only in their lives, but also in the life of their dear friend Legolas. Arwen had no doubt when she was born that the feä of her daughter was that of one who had already known a life in Arda. And in their certainty, they had named her Anglawiel for the gift they saw her to be. Anglawiel released Legolas' hand, continuing to skip the rest of the distance to her family when she halted abruptly, spinning around with a look of confusion etched on her face. "My lord, what is it that you have been waiting so long for?" After Legolas, Aragorn, and Arwen silently exchanged small bows of the head in acknowledgement of each other with obvious smiles, Legolas knelt again before the young girl being unable to deny her anything. Though grief and pain no longer plagued him unceasingly, the question was nevertheless like a piercing blade. Anglawiel could both see and sense his sadness, and Legolas watched concern grow in eyes the same deep blue as her mother's. His own burned with tears long held in check, and one finally managed to escape and roll down his cheek. Anglawiel reached up with the sleeve of her dress and gently dabbed under his eyes and at his cheek. "There," she said quietly, after having made sure she'd dried all his tears. "Do not cry, my lord. It is too fine a day, and we are in far too beautiful a place to cry. So, there shall be no more tears." Anglawiel ended this with a tap to the elf's nose, as though she were admonishing him, which caused Legolas to choke on his laughter. Breathing deeply to regain his sense of control, Legolas admitted, "You are right, my lady." He tapped her nose in retaliation, which she attempted to swat away. "I will shed no more tears." Anglawiel smiled approvingly, but Legolas could still see she was waiting for an answer to her question. Catching her off guard, Legolas scooped her up in his arms and twirled her about, causing her to squeal in delight as she flew through the air. After having safely returned her to the arms of her father, who chuckled at her wind-blown appearance, Legolas finally gave the child her answer. "Dear one, I was waiting to show the princess of Gondor the restored forests of Ithilien," Legolas told her. As he ended his words, the sun broke through the leaves of the canopy and bathed them all in its warm, comforting light. Anglawiel smiled widely at him as the sunlight set her all aglow and her pure and joyful laugh echoed throughout the young forest and Legolas' heart. "I wanted her to see how I have kept my promise." Thank you for reading! Please leave a review! If you enjoyed it, tell me! If not, what didn't sit right with you? Feedback is greatly appreciated, and constructive criticism is welcomed. I used a few of Tolkien's works as references: The Return of the King , The Peoples of Middle-Earth , and Morgoth's Ring . The song Legolas sings is a poem by W.B. Yeats entitled "The Two Trees" (1893). Translations *Note: The majority of my translations are Sindarin, and I attempted to keep to the Woodelven dialect when possible. Credit goes to Merin Essi ar Quenteli - RealElvish . net. Perian : hobbit Perrianath : hobbits Amdirvel! O le van? Amdirvel! : Amdirvel! Where are you? Amdirvel! Bedo annin, Amdirvel, calad vuin! O le van? : Speak/Answer me, Amdirvel, my beloved light! Where are you? Elleth : (elven) woman Ellyth : (elven) women Ai! Eru tiro nîn! : Ai! Eru, guard me! Ni hí! Tolo annin! Lasto, Legolas! Tolo annin! : I am here! Come to me! Listen (to my voice) Legolas! Come to me! Veleth nîn! Asca - ! : My love! Hurry! Man, calad vuín? : Why, my beloved light? Meno! : Go/leave! Goveno nîn, Amdirvel, veleth nîn : Forgive me, Amdirvel, my love. Melda : Beloved Gweston. : I promise. Pen-tithen : Little one Naneth : Mother Adar : Father Calad-tithen nîn, tolo a naneth gîn! : My little light, come to your mother! Telin! Telin! : I come! I come!