patrolling the area and gathering information. "Well, as our prime expert seems to have left us to ourselves with the chattering magpies for the moment, we will have to turn to the only other person who might be able to give us a clear answer" Aragorn turned to Gimli with an expectant look. "Me? Me? I've no experience with these creatures," Gimli sputtered in response. "Oh, but your father does. I remember a conversation between you and Bilbo back in Rivendell where you two seemed in deep conversation about the travels of Bilbo with your father and kin. According to the appreciative nods of Bilbo, you seemed to tell the story very well." "That? My father's stories? Being able to recount my father's adventures in retrieving the treasures stolen by that worm, Smaug? How does that give me the status of Hobbit Expert? Do not flatter me so, Ranger. I stand by my ignorance of hobbits. They confuse me to no end." "That may be so, Master Dwarf," Boromir pressed on seeing a chance to drown out the hobbits' chatter with some of their own conversation. "But right now you are our only source. Pray tell, do us the favor and let us in on some of their secrets, as recounted by your father. Surely we should be prepared as much as possible." "Ah, where to begin? I'm one of the best storytellers, so I've been told. I might be able to remember a few things my father talked about when he ventured out with Thorin and Company with the help of The Thief, Bilbo Baggins, the hobbit whom we met in Rivendell. Not much of a thief, if you ask me, by the looks of him, but my father swears it was the hobbit who knew how to strike the anvil on many occasions for them." The tale of how Gimli's father, Gloin, met with Bilbo Baggins, the hobbit turned thief began to unfold. As Aragorn knew Bilbo personally and had heard this story a few times already, and as Gandalf had reappeared, he smiled and quietly excused himself. Gimli and Boromir both nodded but the dwarf didn't break stride in his story telling. In an attempt to understand these strange creatures a little better, Boromir tried to keep track of some of the finer details of hobbit behavior as evidenced by the now elderly but then half a century younger, Bilbo, and retold by Gimli. It would seem that food, the ability to cook and eat said food, and discussions about eating in general seemed to be primary points of focus for hobbits in general, though listening to Gimli discourse on this point, Boromir had to secretly smile. The dwarf might feel that the hobbits were over-zealous in their attack on food, but dwarves, or at least this particular dwarf could almost match them. Gimli's story was fascinating. He was a good storyteller even though Boromir had been skeptical. He'd learned very fast that dwarves are prone to exaggeration. As the tale wound down, more for the length of time than for the lack of material, Boromir ticked off a few of the things he could remember about hobbits in general. Or at least he hoped they covered hobbits in general. He really did need to figure out these creatures or they'd drive him crazy before the month was out. He thought on the obvious: The enjoyment of riddles, talking about anything in general and nothing in particular, the recitation of ancestors and exacting family links, tremendous accuracy when throwing stones, quiet as cats, and keen eyesight, all of these Boromir kept in his head to see if they bore true for all hobbits. But one thing stood out as obviously not a common hobbit trait, at least not in all hobbits. Gimli mentioned that Bilbo fretted over not having a pocket-handkerchief. Apparently, according to Bilbo, no self-respecting hobbit would leave his hole without one. Well not all worried over this lack. Boromir had overheard a chastisement last night when they started out. Frodo had reprimanded Pippin for the fact that Pippin did not possess said required linen. Pippin shrugged off the dressing down which caused Boromir to watch for a reaction from the other hobbits. Sam shook his head and looked at his feet while Merry rolled his eyes. Frodo just sighed. The casual attitude of Frodo's youngest cousin towards the disciplining added with this tidbit from Gimli went far to tell Boromir several things about their small companions. One, handkerchiefs were not absolutely required hobbit attire. Two, at least Bagginses felt they were important. Three, Pippin got away with quite a lot that probably other young hobbits didn't. Four, Boromir still had a lot to learn about hobbits. The man stood and stretched, finally ready to attempt a nap. His was the third watch, which was coming up soon so he wouldn't be sleeping long, but he knew he needed to try. Listening to Gimli tell tales was a pleasant enough diversion. He shouldn't be long falling to sleep. As he packed away his small arms and made to go to his bedroll he glanced in the direction of furtive whispering, obviously the Little Folk, probably Merry and Pippin by the sounds of the arguing as to who was sleeping on rocks. Boromir sighed lightheartedly and remarked, "I suppose it could be worse. We could have to cook for them. We'd fair far worse than having to listen to a few squabbles and to be confused as to why they haven't killed each other yet." Unmistakably the voice of Samwise rose above the squabbling whispers, "If'n you two don't pipe down, I'll be forced to take the frying pan t' both of you!" The silence was so quick it was almost as audible as the whispering had been. Standing as well Gimli said, "I agree. At least that much is the same from my father's stories: they surely know the proper use of cookware." The End.