will. However, you cannot leave those two to the mercy of Saruman. If the trees distrust him, as will I." "Are your extra horses for us?" Aragorn asked. "If you wish to use them; if not I shall send them home." "Lady of the Trees, your wisdom could rival your mother's, as well as your generosity," I praised. "Nay, Legolas. It is not. Hasufel is the white, Arod is the bay. Ride as you will," she replied, mounting her own horse, who shook his mane impatiently as I mounted Hasufel and Aragorn helped Gimli on behind me. "And your horse, fair Lady?" Gimli asked. "What is that fine stallion's name?" "Shadowbane," she stated, and once Aragorn mounted she looked to him. "May I lead?" "Of course, you have better sources than I," he replied, and she nodded. "Follow closely. Those horses are not afraid to run," and she urged her horse as he bolted under her command. Our own followed before we could command them to. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz We followed Arieal at high speeds, her horses weaving between trees as if that was the way of the path. All we could do was hold on, for Hasufel and Arod were as she had said; they were not afraid to run. They kept close to the heels of Shadowbane, After what seemed like hours, I watched Arieal pull her bow from her back and draw an arrow on the string. She lifted her weapon, then let her foot out of the right stirrup and leaned to the left, holding on to the withers of her horse, and released her arrow. A goblin screamed, and I swerved Hasufel to the left as Arieal swung back up into her saddle and raced forward towed her prey; a goblin with her arrow in it's knee, crawling away. Shadowbane closed the distance fast, and reared when he came near and smashed the other knee of the goblin when he came down. Arieal swung down, and as the goblin went to slash her with his sword, she kicked his wrist, snapping it, then pulled out her dagger and put it to his throat as I dismounted with Aragorn close behind. "We have some questions for you," she hissed, and the goblin's eyes went from her to me, then to Aragorn and Gimli. "Two halflings," Aragorn ordered. "Where are they?" "I will not tell!" the goblin snarled. "Then we will see how you like two smashed knees!" Arieal replied, yanking out her arrow as Shadowbane smashed the second knee. "They are headed for Isengard!" he screamed. "Are they alive?!" I snapped. "Yes! Though not for long I'm sure. The minute they walk through those gates they shall be tortured for information on the One Ring!" he replied with a hoarse laugh. Arieal yanked her dagger across his throat, then wiped it on her sleeve. "We have to hurry." Shadowbane came beside her, and she mounted swiftly, and we mounted quickly as she rode off again, following the directions of the trees. Her graceful body moved in sync of Shadowbane's movements as she listened to the messages she was receiving from the trees. I thought back to how she had killed the goblin. No emotion except hatred, and a quick stroke to finish it off. Had she done this before? zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz We came to the plains of Rohan, and Arieal suddenly stopped, causing Aragorn and I to ride our horses past her. I stopped immediately, causing Gimli to complain about the sudden halt, turned Hasufel around, and urged him back to where Shadowbane stood quietly. I rode to her side, and saw her eyes closed in concentration. She was listening to the trees; their message had changed, or she was trying to catch as much as she could before continuing on. Her eyes opened as Aragorn rode back to us. "Arieal? What is it?" "The trees tell me that evil is hovering over the land Rohan, and that King Theoden will be in need of our blades before this venture is over. His nephew, Eomer will be the first that we will meet on our path," she replied, focusing on the heir of Gondor. "And the wind tells that we will be reunited with an old ally in the woods of Fangorn." I frowned at her words, but listened intently anyway. "Eomer has destroyed the pack of Orcs that had Merry and Pippin, but they were not among them. The Trees of Fangorn say that they escaped into the safety of their wood." "Safety!" Gimli huffed. "Fangorn is anything but safe!" "Nevertheless, they are out of harms way, with one of the old herders of the trees, Fangorn himself!" she cried with a smile, and she laughed. "But we must go there to meet that old ally of ours!" Aragorn's face had aged when he learned that the youngest of the hobbits were taken, but now a great burden was lifted from his shoulders at Arieal's words. "Then to Fangorn we go," he answered. "WHAT?!" Gimli snorted. "To the cursed wood of Fangorn?!" "We must go there, My friend," I replied, my eyes on Arieal. "For that ally could bring us hope." She nodded. "Aragorn, you may take lead." "Yes, Milady," and we continued on. Arieal and I rode side by side, directly behind Aragorn. I noticed out of the corner of my eyes how her horse moved. Shadowbane ran with his neck arched, though Arieal's hold on the reins wasn't tight so that the reins were dangling in an arch, and his tail was held high. The stallion seemed to be allowing the elf on his back to have him tacked, otherwise he would have been without it. I was curious... What was her horse? zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz I hope you enjoyed Legolas's Heart 2: Lady of the Trees. Please review now. NOTICE: This is a ONE-SHOT series. Each new part will be published as a new single story. I'm sorry for any who alerted Legolas's Heart: Jewel of Lothlorien!!