in surprise. She knew of where Mirkwood was and it was part of a book Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit. "What is your name Milady?" He asked softly. He was curious of who this young woman was. "Jaime..." She whispered softly. "What?" He asked confused of the name. "That's my name. It's Jaime." She said softly. "Lady Jaime do you know what happened to you?" "It's foggy." She said softly. "I don't remember what had happened." She put her hand onto her head. Legolas looked at her. "I am sure that you will remember soon enough Lady Jaime." "What is your name?" She asked locking her green eyes with his blue ones. "Legolas." Her eyes widened. SHIT! I am in Middle Earth! How the hell did I get here? Her mind screamed. She began to panic. Where is Hay Hay and Ember? "Milady... we will find your friends when you are all better." He told her softly. "I promise you to that." X * X * X * X * X * X Lothlórien Haldir was in the healing room watching the healers work on the elleth that he had found. "Haldir sir..." The healer said softly. "Yes..." Haldir said looking at the elf that had healed her. "She will be fine sir. She just needs her rest." The elf said before leaving Haldir to watch her. Haldir looked at the young elleth that laid there in the bed. He was concerned. What had done this to her. He hadn't noticed that she had awoken. "Where am I and who are you?" Her voice was hoarse, but still sounded angelic to his ears. "You and in Lothlórien and I am Haldir. What is your name Milady?" "Haley..." She whispered softly. "Do you remember what had happened to you to have you be this badly injured Lady Haley?" Haldir asked, his voice was smooth like silk to her ears. Her blue eyes locked onto his blue eyes. "I..." She remembered, but she didn't want to say what had happened since she was now in lord of the rings and she knew it. "I do not remember." "I am sure that it will come back to you Lady Haley." X * X * X * X * X * X Gondor Faramir looked at his brother. "She will wake brother..." Boromir looked at his little brother. "How can you be so certain? She looked as if she was attacked by an orc." His voice was filled with concern. "She is in good hands Boromir. I doubt that father would allow her to stay here..." Faramir looked away from his older brother. "I have never seen anyone with that shade of red hair ever." He shook his head. "Father will be the one that will be hard to win over. He would only allow her to stay when she heals then she has to be gone." "I will talk to father about it. He can't just send her with out protection. She is a woman..." Faramir looked at his brother and noticed the look that his brother had on his face. This was something not normal for his older brother to have on his face. He had an endearing look on his face as if he had fallen in love with the girl and he didn't even know who she was just yet. "Boromir you don't know her yet... there could have been a reason why she was at our gate." "Yes..." The healer came out of the room. "She is awake..." He said looking at the two brothers. "Awake? Already?" The healer nodded his head to Boromir's question. "She wishes to see the person that carried her in Lord Boromir." Boromir nodded his head. "Thank you." He turned his attention to Faramir. "I am going to go and check on her." Faramir nodded his head. "Good luck with her." Boromir nodded his head and went to go and check on the woman that he brought into Gondor. He saw her dark brown eyes locked onto his form. "I am glad to see that you are awake Milady." Ember blinked a few times. She knew that he was very familiar to her. "Where am I?" She asked softly. "You are in Gondor Milady. What is your name?" Boromir asked, walking towards her. "Ember..." She said softly. "And you are?" "Lady Ember... my name is Boromir." He said bowing his head showing respect towards her even though he didn't know who she was. Ember's eyes widened upon hearing his name. This was the man that she had fallen in love with in the books. Now he was standing before her like he was in the movies. Something inside of her heart made her almost weep. She didn't know what to say and was silent. She didn't want to trust her voice at the moment. She was afraid that it would crack. "Was there anyone else with me?" She asked after a few moments of silence. "No Lady Ember there was no one else with you." Boromir said, he felt bad that she wasn't with anyone. He saw the look of pain cross her face. Her really did want to help her find who was with her if it would make her feel better. "But I will help you when you are feeling better." Ember locked her dark brown eyes to his gray-blue eyes. "Thank you." She whispered softly, as she felt her eyes begin to grow heavy. Her eyes fluttered closed as she had fallen asleep once again. X * X * X * X * X * X This is the end of chapter 1. Please review to let me know of what you think of this story. I will try to update as soon as possible. I am actually writing the next chapter already. The next chapter or so will lead up to the first part of the Lord of the Rings the Fellowship of the Ring. Until next time.