new one. I hope that we can be friends. Happy Yule! Warmest Regards, Diamond." Pippin opened and closed his mouth a few times, something he had been doing increasingly more lately. Silently he held up the scarf and Merry smiled. "Well put it on and go apologise to her. She didn't deserve you speaking to her like that, especially when she spent all that time making you a scarf." Pippin shook his head. "I'm not wearing it Merry! Don't you see? This is just another way for her to annoy me. She probably crushed up some sort of itchy plant and sprinkled it all over-" "Pippin put on that scarf and go apologise to Diamond or I will tell your father that it was you who swiped his pipe and that you have been smoking it." With that Pippin squeaked and tied the scarf around his neck. He hopped up and ran out of the room, Merry and Stella laughing behind him. It was a nice scarf, Pippin realised with dismay. Diamond truly had just been trying to be nice. It was soft and warm, and the colors were beautiful. He sighed; he felt awful: Merry was right, he needed to grow up. Pippin searched for a good hour around the Smials, but there was no sign of Diamond. He searched high and low, in the bedrooms, the kitchen, even behind the bookcase in the library: no Diamond. Finally when he was about to give up he heard something. He stopped and listened for a moment, and the sound was unmistakable. There was a sniffling sound coming from in the hall somewhere. He followed his ears, and finally he could tell where the sound was coming from. The broom closet next to the kitchen. He stopped at the door, he knew who was inside. "Diamond?" He asked tentatively, the sniffling stopped and started again. "Go away Peregrin." Pippin leaned against the door. "I'm not going away until you come out of there." "I don't want to talk to you." Her voice was filled with venom, and Pippin felt a stab of pain in his chest knowing that that tone was directed at him. "Okay. I… I understand. I just wanted to say sorry. You don't have to talk to me, just listen for a moment. I've been so rude to you since you got here, and now here I am yelling at you… I'm sorry Diamond. I just…ever since you got here, I haven't been able to stop thinking about you, to be honest, and well it bothers me quite a bit." He paused, turning bright red wondering why he said that, there was still silence from the other side of the wooden door. "So… So I just wanted to say I was sorry, and ah, thanks for the scarf." He began to turn away, tripping a bit. He blushed even more; he had been so clumsy lately, probably as a result of this "getting older" business Merry had been talking about. He heard a small giggle from behind, and turned to see Diamond peering out from the closet. Her hand shot out to steady him and as their hands met Pippin felt his heart skip. He looked down at her with wide eyes. "Diamond?" He said, questioningly, unable to form any other words but her name. She smiled, and the look she threw him from under her long, dark lashes made his cheeks heat with a blush. "I forgive you." She still hadn't let go of his hand, and Pippin finally found words. He took both of her hands. "Your hands are cold." He held them both trying to warm them. They were soft, lass hands: different from any hands he had ever held before. For once, her nearness didn't annoy him. He had never noticed how lovely her eyes were before, how her lips curved in such a pleasant shape when she smiled, and right now she was smiling at him. "Well I have you to keep them warm I suppose." She said after a while, never looking at their hands, only looking up into his eyes, making Pippin both uncomfortable and quite pleased at the same time. "I love the scarf." He whispered, unsure why they had begun to whisper. He meant it, he had loved it when he first saw it, but hadn't wanted Merry to know. "I'm glad." She was blinking now and Pippin was finding speaking more difficult, having lost himself in her deep, blue eyes. He felt himself edging closer to her until their faces were only centimetres apart. Her scent enveloped him, she smelled like cinnamon and cold winter air, he felt her warm breath on his face, and then without a moment's hesitation he bent down to kiss her lips. The sensation of his lips upon hers warmed him right up from his toes to the top of his head, when he pulled away she said shakily. "My hands aren't cold anymore." Pippin giggled: he had found something warmer than a fire and sweeter than his mother's apple pie. He let go of her hands and instead held her chin in his hands as he had seen his father do to his mother once. He lifted her lips again to his and kissed her once more. If this is what Merry had meant when he said that Pippin needed to grow up, Pippin wished he had grown up a lot sooner. Finally Diamond said quietly. "I think your mother baked some cookies. If we're quiet, we can probably swipe a few." She grinned and winked up at him, turning toward the kitchen door. Or not: you never grew out of some things. "Diamond?" Pippin said, she turned toward him, "Yes?" Pippin had just wanted to see her sparkling eyes again. "Oh nothing." He smiled. She shook her head and turned again toward the door. Cookies were nice, but Diamond had already given him the best Yule present he had ever received.