soft voice of my sister. "Legolas if I may have a moment with her?" I didn't hear his response. "I will send her to you as soon as she feels better, I promise." After a second my sister came into my room. I didn't speak but I let her wrap me into a loving hug. "Do not let jealousy ruin your happiness. Jealousy is an ugly emotion." I looked up at her in confusion. "What do they have to be jealous about?" She gave me a knowing look but didn't respond. "You have never let silly words hurt you before, what changed?" "My worst fear was confirmed, I am just like all the other elleth's that pine for Legolas's attentions." I put my head into my hands in defeat. "What girls?" "The ones the twins and Aragorn mock." Arwen let out a very un-lady like snort. "Trust me, you are not like them." "And how's that?" "You don't have feelings for him." I gave her a blank stare before speaking. "We both know I do so you will have to be more creative than that." My voice came out flat but my sister was practically jumping with glee. "It's about time you admitted it to me!" Rolling my eyes I fought a smile at her triumphant look. "Yeah yeah, I know." "Well for one you are beautiful, smart, joyful, his most trusted friend, and his world pretty much starts and ends with you." "Maybe the first four things are true but I don't know about the last one Arwen. Besides I'm more upset he heard them speak those awful things about me…especially since I told him one of those girls was my friend." "You forget the most important thing, your feelings are true, and they do not appear because of his looks or his title. Besides he knew why you were hurt that is why he completely blew those two off when they approached him, after you two came in." "He did?" "He just sent them a glare and continued to fight his way to you." She smiled at me. I smiled back at her and changed into a night dress. We laughed and talked for most of the night until she drifted off into her own dreams. I smiled at her while I covered her in a blanket. I wasn't tired so I quietly opened my door and tiptoed across the hallway. I didn't bother knocking as I crept into my friend's room. Without announcing my entrance I pulled back the covers and slipped in next to him. He turned and looked at me, slightly grimacing at my cold feet brushing against his. "I am sorry." His eyes searched mine in confusion. "What are you apologizing for? It should be me apologizing to you. I should have defended you; I was just stunned by their ignorance." I scooted closer to him, allowing him to wrap his arm around me while his other rested behind his head. "I still shouldn't have left you like that. It wasn't fair. Please forgive me." "There isn't anything to forgive. But I would like to know about the three vials and poison?" I could hear the laughter in his voice. "I didn't poison anyone, in fact that was her. But…well I did break three vials." We shared a good laugh at the story of me dropping one after the other, until my instructor finally pushed me out of the door for the day. "Legolas before when we were on the bench, you said you wanted to tell me something?" I looked up at him in expectance. His eyes met mine for a longer period of time before slowly drifting over my body. I shivered at the look in his eyes. "Now isn't the appropriate time Ruin." For some reason my heart dropped a little at his words but was soon pounding out of control once again as he placed a gentle kiss on the top of my head. We didn't speak for the rest of the night. He wasn't in the room when I came out of my dream state so I quickly returned to my own room and prepared for the day. I was rushing to the healing halls and pulling my hair back when I was grabbed from a side hallway and pushed against a wall. "Valar Legolas! You have to stop doing that!" I harshly whispered as I clutched my chest. He only grinned down at me. "You should be more alert, where are you going?" "To the healing halls. Why?" "You are not, you're going riding with me. I asked your Ada and he said it's okay." I smiled in excitement, suddenly very happy for the leggings and tunic I wore today in place of a dress. "Okay, let's go." He held my hand as we raced to the stables. I was disappointed when I noticed the horses were not in the stables, they must have been taken out for cleaning. 'Legolas, we can't, the horses aren't here." "Mine is." 'Why is yours here but no one else's?" He shrugged and pulled me up in front of him. A stable hand walked around the corner and Legolas tossed him a bag of something. "What was that?" "Some coin." "For what?" With every movement the horse made our bodies pressed closer together, this caused him to be talking in my ear, dangerously close to the peak of it. I thought I was going to combust. "For removing the other horses." My eyes widened and I looked back at him. I was rewarded with a heated look and a kick to the horse's side causing it to go faster than before. I held on to Legolas's legs as he led the horse at a quick pace into parts of the surrounding area I have never seen before. Soon we came to a stop by a stream and he jumped down, helping me down in the process. "Legolas what is this all about?"