hobbled along much more slowly behind them, leaning heavily on his cane. Frodo caught Pippin up in a crushing embrace and then pulled Merry into his arms as well. Sam stood beside the three hobbits occasionally glancing back to check on Bilbo. "Are you all right?" asked Frodo, fear evident in his voice. He pushed aside the blankets Merry and Pippin had wrapped around themselves and looked them over. "We're fine," said Merry, patting Frodo on his shoulder and smiling brightly. "No need to worry." Sam snorted and Frodo narrowed his eyes but before he could say anything, Bilbo arrived. "Where have you two young rascals been?" Bilbo demanded, his eyes flashing angrily and one clenched hand on his hip. "You can't just leave without telling someone where you're going. You could've been hurt… you could've died. And worse, others could've been hurt while out looking for you." It was quiet for a very brief moment and then he again demanded. "Well, speak up lads; where were you and why did you run off?" "Well," Pippin began, fidgeting from side to side. "We camped last night with Strider and Legolas and…" "With me," Glorfindel interrupted smoothly and with a half bow to Bilbo. "Master Meriadoc and Master Peregrin found Asfaloth before Legolas and I were able to find them. Really, I believe it was their quick thinking that saved his life," he explained. "And I am deeply grateful to them," the Elf-lord continued, smiling. Aragorn glanced at Legolas from the corner of his eye and it was all he could do to keep from laughing out loud upon seeing the expression of confusion on the elf's face. Bilbo and the rest of the hobbits had very similar expressions but Glorfindel continued his tale. "They gave Asfaloth food they carried with them and a nearby stream provided water." "Why were you in the woods in the first place?" Frodo asked after a moment. "I saw Asfaloth run into the woods and I didn't think he was supposed to be there… so I chased him. I shouldn't have," Pippin said, "but I-I just had to." Frodo turned to Merry who had a somewhat dazed expression. "And, you? Why were you in the woods?" "Me? I was chasing Pippin. I saw him run into the woods and I couldn't let him go alone, not after…" his voice trailed off and all the hobbits and several elves nodded. "Mr. Frodo, sir?" Sam spoke up then. "Hadn't we better go inside and get them warmed up? They look awfully cold, Mr. Frodo." Frodo and Bilbo both nodded. "Sam's right," Frodo said. "Come in and get warm. We'll have something hot to drink and lunch isn't too far away now so maybe we can get you something hot to eat…" "It is even now being sent to your chambers, Master Frodo," said Elrond who had arrived while Glorfindel was speaking. Arwen was with him, her hand resting on his arm. "I have also arranged for hot baths to be drawn for you," Elrond continued with a sidelong glance at Merry and Pippin. Wide smiles appeared on the faces of the youngest hobbits as they thanked Elrond. They began slowly edging away from the others and finally Elrond reminded them that hot water cooled quickly and all five hobbits made for the house. Elrond looked inquiringly at Glorfindel. "The young hobbits saved Asfaloth's life?" Elrond asked. "I would like to hear the full story behind their remarkably brave feat." Glorfindel shrugged and a smile briefly appeared on Elrond's lips before he turned to Aragorn. "Welcome home, my son," he said, releasing Arwen and embracing Aragorn. "It is good to be home, Adar," Aragorn replied before turning to Arwen. He took his betrothed's hand, bringing it to his lips and kissing it. "My lady," he murmured as he gently squeezed her hand before stepping back, though his eyes never left hers. Oh, how he wished they were in a less public place right now. Perhaps they would have a chance to speak later in the day. The sound of a throat being cleared caught his attention and he shifted his gaze back to Elrond who was watching him, his eyes twinkling with amusement. "Forgive me, Adar, I was… thinking of my… well, thinking of other things," he explained. A soft snort came from both Glorfindel and Legolas and Aragorn glared at them. "Yes… other things," said Elrond, glancing at Arwen. "I was asking about your journey but perhaps you should also have a chance to clean up." He looked the man up and down and then looked at Legolas. "And you as well, Prince Legolas," he said shaking his head. "Go," he said, gesturing toward the house. "Glorfindel is going to tell me and Arwen the true story of the last day." After a quiet word with Arwen to make arrangements to meet later, Aragorn headed to the house with Legolas at his side. He waited until they were well out of hearing range of Elrond and Glorfindel before speaking. "Legolas, I have lived a long life for a man. I am Chieftain of the Dúnedain and Heir to the throne of Gondor. Yet, my father can have me feeling like a child in a matter of minutes," he said with a wry smile. "It is the same with my father," replied Legolas with a smile of his own. "And my mother can bring me or any one of my brothers or sisters to the same state even faster than my father can," the elf continued. Aragorn chuckled. Crossing the courtyard that fronted the house, Aragorn noticed it was in the process of being decorated for Yule. Branches with bright red berries were being hung by elves and large logs were being placed in the firepit that was off to one side of the courtyard. A flood of childhood memories came rushing into his mind and he sighed softly, "It is good to be home." 0-0-0-0-0 The End