The ranger was tired and he was unable to control himself any more. "You need someone by your side." Legolas repeated his words from the forest. "You cannot live here on your own and not have a person to share your doubts and fears with. You need someone who can make you happy." 'You would' was all Aragorn could think while he looked at his companion with a blank expression. Legolas got up from the bed and came towards him to take the glass out of Aragorn's calloused hands. "You need a friend who can read you like an open book." His voice was barely above a whisper. "A friend who knows that you are scared of being the king, of having so much responsibility for your people. And a friend who knows what you desire most." "What is your offer?" Aragorn asked irritated by how close the elf prince had come. His voice was raspy and he sounded far away to his own ears. Perhaps that was an effect of the blood pounding so loud in his ears. He never should have allowed Legolas to come into his private rooms but now it was too late. 'You have been close before.' Aragorn told himself. He could even feel the warmth that the body of the beautiful elf radiated. Hell, Aragorn had even seen him naked once in a while and it had never affected him like this closeness. With a sigh he closed his eyes and tried not to think about a naked Legolas but it was useless to find another thing for his mind to concentrate on. This task seemed too hard and so he opened his eyes again to look into deep green ones he loved so much. "If you want me to stay I will." Was all the elf said. Again Aragorn could only stare at him and the meaning of these words sank in very slowly. "With me?" was all he managed to say and Legolas smiled. "If you want me." Was his answer. Oh Gods, if the elf knew how much the king wanted him he would run and never come back to him. "I would feel honored." The smile spread on Legolas face and now it truly reached his eyes while the elves hands reached out to touch Aragorn's handsome face. He caressed his cheek and let his finger wander down to his lips slightly parted in surprise. "Give up." Legolas whispered and it took a few seconds for Aragorn to register what that was supposed to mean. The ranger took a shivering breath and grabbed Legolas' face in both his hands to bring him close to himself and close his lips over the elves soft mouth. The slightly smaller man gave a slight moan and that was all Aragorn needed to hear to know that his kiss was welcome. Without further hesitation he opened the lips of the man and kissed him deeper, more urgently and forced him a few steps back towards the bed. Legolas did not hesitate and kissed him back hungrily. With graceful movements he lay down on the bed, pulling Aragorn down with him. When they both needed to come up for air green eyes looked into brown ones. "You do not know how long I waited for this." Legolas breathed out and Aragorn pinned his hands onto the pillows. He knelt over the elf and admired the beauty in front of him. "How long? Tell me." Aragorn asked while kissing the corner of Legolas' mouth. He ached to kiss him again but he waited for what the man had to say. "Ages, my beloved Aragorn. You seemed to oblivious to my feelings and I wouldn't risk our friendship. I was too afraid of losing you forever. I would die if I never saw your face again." The king looked up again. "I will never leave you. You will be mine from this moment on." He whispered a touch of possessiveness in his words. He lowered his body so that he was pressed up closely to Legolas and the blond groaned, a sound that surprised Aragorn. Maybe he had really, really waited for this for ages. The ranger wasn't able to talk any more he brought his lips down again on Legolas' and opened them again to explore and make love to this mouth. Legolas tasted like heaven, like sun, like lust and love. All combined in this writhing body beneath Aragorn's. Clothes were thrown to the floor carelessly and hands roamed over newly exposed flesh, mapping every curve. Aragorn's hands caressed every part of Legolas' body memorizig every inch of his beautiful skin. He needed the elf and slowly carefully he showed Legolas how much he loved him. When the sun came up the next morning Aragorn was the first to wake up. He was so damn tired like he had missed a lot of sleep the last night and only slowly realized that exactly this was the case. His hands felt around for the elf who was curled up by his side, his face turned towards the man. He looked so peaceful in his slumber that Aragorn could not resist and gently caressed the golden hair of his lover. Carefully he peeled away the blanked to assure himself that the body underneath was really naked and that it had not been a dream. His breath caught in his chest when he looked at Legolas. He had seen him so many times before, he had touched him last night and kissed the soft skin but he was still bewildered how beautiful the elf prince was. With a slight shiver Legolas opened his eyes to look at Aragorn. "I love you." He whispered sleepily. The king did not believe his ears. He knew. But this was the first time Legolas told him. "Love you, too.", he gently answered while he pulled the elf closer for another deep kiss. He would not let him go. Ever. FIN Please review.