moment of silence. "You say what you can and I'll explain the rest." Elrohir clearly heard what Halhigal said to Halbarad and took a quick glance at the others in the room. Nimrie, Ivorwen, and Dírhael were clearly listening while trying to appear not in the least interested. The women were setting food out while Dírhael was pouring ale. Elladan only watched the boy and it occurred to Elrohir that they still must seem frightening to Halbarad and, smiling, he leaned forward on the couch. "Forgive us, young one, for frightening you. Neither my brother nor I would ever intentionally do so. However, you must tell us what we did so that we do not frighten you again." Elrohir watched the little boy glance up at his father, take a deep breath, then one more, before speaking in such a low voice that if he had not been an elf he would never have heard him. "Y-you came and… A-aragorn… and I didn't want to go-go with you." Halbarad took another deep breath and smiled at a very confused Elrohir and then looked at Elladan whose brow was furrowed in a thoughtful frown. The older elf sat forward on the couch. "Halbarad, are you saying you thought we were going to take you with us?" Elladan asked. He glanced at Halhigal who nodded and explained. "I had told him that you would bring Aragorn back someday and when you didn't have Aragorn, he thought you were here to take him away to…" Halhigal's voice trailed off and his hand lifted and fell in a helpless gesture. There was a quiet gasp from one of the women. Elrohir looked at Elladan for a moment but his brother gave an imperceptible shake of his head and he turned back to Halbarad who was tightly gripping his father's brown leather leggings. He held out his hand to the boy, waiting patiently until he took it and then drew the boy closer until he stood right in front of him. The elf could feel the slight trembling of the child but there was more uncertainty than fear in the grey eyes that looked back at him. "Halbarad, you must trust me when I tell you that we will not take you away from your family. We came to speak with your family about your Aunt Gilraen and about Aragorn and how well they are doing in our home." "They live with you?" Halbarad interrupted him, his eyes widening. "They do. You did not know that?" The boy shook his head. "They live in a very safe place, Halbarad. We took them there to keep them safe and when Aragorn is older he will come back here." "Isn't it safe here?" Halbarad asked with the keen insight of a seven year old. Elrohir paused, glancing at Halhigal who gave a small shrug, willing to let the elf answer the question. There was no completely safe place in all of Eriador. He did not want to lie to the boy, yet he did not want him living in fear either. He compromised. "Aragorn did not have his Ada anymore to protect him, Halbarad, and you do." Halbarad nodded, satisfied. "You will protect him?" the boy asked and the elves nodded. Halbarad frowned. "Then why are you here?" he demanded, his clenched fists on his hips. Fighting to keep a smile from his lips, Elrohir began to explain but Elladan spoke first. "There are many, many elves guarding him, young Halbarad," Elladan said, "and our home is hidden from prying eyes." He paused and glanced at his brother. Seeing a desire to return home in Elladan's eyes, Elrohir nodded his acceptance and Elladan continued. "However, I believe you are right. Elrohir and I should be at home and protecting Aragorn and we will return there in the morning." "Good," said Halbarad, a wide grin lighting up his face. He looked around the room and then ran over to his mother asking her when they were going to eat. She embraced him and told him she was ready as soon as his ada was and he skipped back over to tug on his father's hand. Halhigal stood, shooing his son back to the table before turning to the elves. "It surprises me how he can so quickly turn from one thing to another," he said with a rueful smile. "As if he had never been frightened at all." "He is much like his ada," said Dírhael, who had joined them. He laid his hand on his son's shoulder. "He trusts you," his gaze took in the elves as well, "and knows he has nothing to fear. Now, come and eat." He steered Halhigal toward the table. Elrohir turned to Elladan and spoke quietly. "You cannot protect young Estel any more than you could protect Arathorn." "I know. However, we can teach him all the skills he needs to protect himself. At least we can do that, Elrohir," Elladan said, his grey eyes darkening. Elrohir nodded his agreement. "Yes, and, perhaps," he glanced over at the little boy impatiently waiting for his supper, and he thought back to Imladris and Estel having no one his age to play with. "Perhaps we can stand in for Halbarad until we can return Estel to his cousin." Elladan glanced at Halbarad and gave a small nod. "Estel appears to have a fierce protector awaiting him." "He will need someone like that for we will not always be there for him." Elrohir gripped his brother's shoulder briefly and turned him toward the table. "They are waiting and I am hungry," he said, a faint smile on his lips. "And now I intend to enjoy the rest of my one evening here with friends before I have to leave for a very long ride back home." Elladan simply shook his head slightly and followed his brother to the table, as eager as Elrohir to enjoy the company of Halhigal and his family. The End