thing however worried Aranel more, Boromir was missing as well. "More troubling than that, where is Boromir?" she asked the two men next to her. They then ran off into the forest, each crying out for Frodo. She and Aragorn found Frodo on some ruins. "It has taken Boromir." Said Frodo breathlessly. Aragorn then asked, rather forcefully, "Where is the ring?" As he stepped toward the Halfling Frodo ran, yelling at him to stay away. "I swore to protect you." Said Aragorn. "Can you protect me from yourself?" asked Frodo, clearly terrified. Aranel placed a hand on Aragorns shoulder. She calmly approached Frodo who took a step back. "Frodo, have I ever expressed any interest in the ring? Ever? At all?" She asked him. He gazed at her then shook his head. She then approached him, and knelt down. "Frodo, listen to me. Aragorn is too afraid of his greed to even look at the ring, let alone take it. He knows what his ancestors did, he knows what they became, and he fears this more than anything. This fear saves him from the ring, from its power. Boromir did not fear the ring as he should. That was why it took him." "What of you? Do you fear the ring?" Asked Frodo. "Frodo, I have never desired power such as the ring could give. I never wanted dominion over things… for goodness sake, I never even kept a pet!" she said laughing. "Though yes, Frodo. I fear the ring, and I fear what it could do to me, or anyone else." She said, growing somber once more. "Please, trust in Aragorn." She then said, and backed away. Frodo then opened his hand and asked Aragorn, "Would you destroy it?" Aragorn looked at the ring, but Aranel could see no greed or lust in the gaze, only a sadness that touched her deeply. Aragorn then knelt and closed Frodo's hand. Aranel smiled, for a moment she thought he would take it, be she knew better. "I would have gone with you to the end." He said. "Into the very fires of Mordor." He said quietly, as he removed his hands from Frodo's. "I know. Look after the others. Especially Sam. He will not understand." Said Frodo. "Good luck Frodo Baggins. The fate of us all rests on you." Said Aranel laying a hand on his curly hair. Suddenly Aranel noticed Frodo's blade was glowing blue, that could only mean that orc's were approaching. As Aragorn and Aranel drew their blades, Frodo Ran. They then stood, face to face with orc's, the likes of which Aranel had never seen. They jumped straight into the battle, Aragorn led them up onto the ruins, while Aranel attacked from the side of the group, trying to thin ou the number Aragorn had to fight. Just then one of the monsters yelled "Find the hlafling!" to the others, they then turned to where frodo had run off and gave chase. Aragorn jumped off the ruin with a cry and landed on top of one to the Orc's. Then Legolas and Gimli joined the fight. Aragorn went off to catch up with the orcs chasing Frodo, while Legolas, Gimli and Aranel fought the bulk of the creatures. Aranel Danced her way through them, killing every one that got in her path. The sunlight danced off her silver blades and they shone with a bright light. She used this to her advantage, by blinding some of her opponents before killing them. She just jammed her blade down the throat of a particularly nasty looking orc when they heard the horn of Gondor. "Boromir!" said Aragorn and they all went rushing to his aid. They encountered even more Orc's as they decended the hill. That was the one major flaw with the horn, it drew the attention of your comrades but also of your foes. Aragon managed to break away, leaving the three to fight while he got to Boromir. When they finally caught up, Aragorn was kneeled, leaning over a dying Boromir. Aranel could see three arrows protruding from Boromir's chest and stomach. She stood back with Legolas and Gimli. When Boromir did pass, Aragorn lent in and kissed his forehead. They then placed him in a boat and let him go over the over the fall. Soon after Legolas began pushing the boats into the water, "Hurry! Frodo and Sam have reached the eastern shore!" When he looked back and saw Aranel and Aragorn still standing on the beach he stopped. "You mean not to follow them." Legolas said, understanding. "Frodo's fate is no longer in our hands." Said Aragorn. "Then it has all been in vain. The Fellowship has failed." Said Gimli. "Not if we hold true to each other." Said Aragorn. "We will not abandon Merry and Pippin to torment and death." He said. "Not while we have strength left." He told them. "Leave all that can be spared behind!" he called as he began moving. "We travel light… Let's hunt some Orc." He said as he sheathed his knife. With a laugh Gimli began running after Aragorn as Legolas reached out for Aranel's hand. She took it and they ran through the forest, strength and passion renewed. *Wow! Thirteen pages, and almost ten thousand words long! This one is most likely the longest chapter yet, because the entire story had to be described. Each movie (Yes I am using the movies) is going to make up one chapter, so it will be some wait in between chapters, please be patient. I want to thank you all for reading this and keep up with me if you'd like. Also, feel free to make a request for a fanfiction. I do Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Naruto, Death Note, Pirates of the Carribean, and others. You name it, if I've watched or read it then I will, if I haven't I might check it out then go from there! Thank you for your time!