velvet sack. The Gondorian opened it slowly to reveal a silver chain with a small blue four star diamond pendent hanging from it, "I'll never take it off," he whispered. "Oh, I meant to give this to you," he quickly pulled his ring with the Gondorian crest from his finger. "It will do until I can give you a proper ring," he insisted. Isilwen smiled and forgetting about proper educate when Aragorn called for Boromir, she leaned up and kissed him. Boromir returned the kiss and pulled her to him, never wishing to let go, "Come back to me," she whispered to him, fighting her tears. "I'll always be with you, no matter what happens," he answered before he turned and got into the boat with Merry and Pippin. Silent tears began to run down her cheeks as the Fellowship pushed off. Isilwen suddenly ran to the bank and ran along side as the boats floated down the river, "Boromir!" she called loud enough for him to hear. "I love you! I'll love you until time ends! Never forget that!" "I'll come for you!" he called back. "No matter what happens I will find a way and come for you! Never forget my love for you, I will always love you!" The elleth stopped next to a tree and put her hand against it as she watched the boats float into the distance. Unwanted tears dripped down her cheeks and she wouldn't let her eyes move from where the small boats and disappeared, "Isilwen," the Lady Galadriel spoke gently making her turn. "Come, I fear you are in need of a friend." XxXxX "I'm what?" Isilwen asked as she stared at the White Lady a week after Boromir's departure. "You're pregnant," Galadriel smiled. "I would expect you to be happy my dear." "I am, of course I am… I just never thought," she looked away and off in the distance. "When will we know?" "Only time will tell," Galadriel answered, a true sadness crossing over her features. The Elvin Lady knew what was to pass soon, and it wasn't in her to tell. Isilwen would feel it when it happened. XxXxX Boromir stared up at the sky, his thoughts swirling. It was February 26, ten days after they had left Lothlórien. The pain from the arrows had subsided, everything was numb, everything was fading. Aragorn was kneeling next to him. The man who would soon lead his people to the glory they once were, "Tell her I love her," Boromir whispered. "When all is done, find Isilwen and tell her I never stopped thinking about her, that I never stopped loving her…" "I promise, Boromir," Aragorn spoke, his voice almost breaking. The news of his death would kill the poor elleth. XxXxX Isilwen suddenly let out a scream of pain and she clutched her heart. Haldir instantly knelt beside her, "Isilwen?" he whispered urgently. The elleth was crying, truly crying like he had never seen before, "Haldir," she croaked, the pain inside was almost too much, she wondered if this was what dieing felt like. "He's dead Haldir… Boromir… He's dead…" The elf's face stiffened, "You have to hold on, Isilwen, for your baby's sake, you have to hold on." She closed her eyes and wept in her friend's arms, "It hurts so much," she whispered. "I… I thought we had more time…" Haldir looked at his queen and bowed his head, "How is she?" Celeborn asked, just arriving into the room. "She only eats when I remind her of the baby," Haldir told him. "I fear…when the baby is born she will lose all will to live." "We will not know that until the time comes," Galadriel spoke sadly. "Haldir, I have a task for you." "Yes my lady?" The calm Elvin Lady looked at her Marchwarden, "Seek out Faramir, Captain of Gondor. Tell him of his future relative. The young man has found the body of his brother, and now it is time that he know that there is still a small part of that great man left. Will you do this for me?" "Anything my lady." "If we can… I wish for him to meet her," Galadriel insisted. "I want to save her if I can…" XxXxX Lost in the darkness Hoping for a sign Instead there's only silence Can't you hear my screams? Never stop hoping Need to know where you are But one thing's for sure You're always in my heart I'll find you somewhere I'll keep on trying Until my dying day I just need to know Whatever has happened The truth will free my soul Lost in the darkness Tried to find your way home I want to embrace you And never let you go Almost hope you're in heaven So no one can hurt your soul Living in agony Cause I just do not know Where you are I'll find you somewhere I'll keep on trying Until my dying day I just need to know Whatever has happened The truth will free my soul Wherever you are I won't stop searching Whatever it takes me to know I'll find you somewhere I'll keep on trying Until my dying day I just need to know Whatever has happened The truth will free my soul . Song : Somewhere By : Within Temptation Note : Anyway, first time I've done a one shot before. I was almost tempted to make it smutty, but for some reason decided against it. I never write scenes that like that very well. They usually start out well, but never end well without making it awkward. But let me know what you think, and there will probably be a sequel. I know it ends on a sad note but I wanted to leave it hanging because then I'll have the urge to keep writing on it. This was spur of the moment, wrote it in one setting. The song kind of inspired me a little. Hope you like it!