He wiped her wet cheeks withhis thumb while she smiled , then leaned in quickly and stole a kiss. She breathed deeply, shocked, then placed her hands on either side of his scruff covered cheeks and pulled him down for a passionate kiss. They practically molded together, as his hands squeezed her waist, and hers' moved to his hair. She ran her fingers through his now long golden locks, as he pulled the band out her own hair. As he worked his nimble fingers through her curls, he moved his kisses down her cheek, and to the side of her neck just below her ear. A wave of a sensation she'd never felt before washed over her and she moaned in agreement to his chosen path. Suddenly, as if bothsnapping back to reality at once, the pulled apart. She rose, and walked far to the door, clutching her sword in hand. Her breathing was harsh, but so was his, so she felt no shame for showing that fact. Éomer groaned, not standing for fear of embarrassing bothof them, and looked to her eyes. They met, and bothseemed to realize why they were so passionate just moments before. Neither spoke it, and neither thought the other felt it. But sadly, they also seemed to make the inner-decision to not speak of this moment again. Hanna found the latch behind her, and worked the door open. She gaveone last look at him, then turned into the hall and left the poor young man in desperate need of a cold bath. The horse she had been given to ride to Helm's Deep was an old, past his prime, stallion. Which, in Hanna's opinion, was the best horse for her to ride. The poor horse, Herlo, he had been titled, was weighted down by not only Hanna's weight, but the weight of the two children from the night before. Hanna had practically insisted that she ride ahead of the King to protect him, but as soon as Théoden started speaking of the children to Éowyn, her constitution was useless to her. She would take them, safely, as if her life depended on it. The beginning of the ride was perhaps enjoyable, but as the horse got more and more tired, Hanna felt more and more uneasy. With Freda dozing in front of her and Éothain leaning against her back, she rode up beside her friend. "Éowyn," She interrupted, Her friend looked back worriedly, "I need you to do me a favor. Please, let them ride with you the rest of the way." "What to do you feel is coming?" Éowyn asked as she lifted Eothain's body onto her horse. "Pain. But it shall pass." Hanna spoke crisply, as she lifted Freda in front of Éowyn. "Guard them with your life, Éowyn. Promise you will lead the women and children to Helm's Deep. Promise me." Éowyn looked at her, her eyes full of trust, and nodded. Hanna knew that for any other person, Éowyn would have fought and said she could help in the fight, but Hanna was a special case. Hanna readied Herlo for the course towards the King when suddenly a small voice stopped her, "Hanna, are you leaving us?" Hanna turned back to Éowyn's group and let out a ragged breath, then put on a reassuring smile, "Of course not child. I am simply giving Herlo here a break. He is quite old." She whispered, making the little girl giggle slightly, "My dear friend Éowyn and her steed, Lerose, will be carrying you the rest of the way." The little girl looked at her sadly, "I promised you Freda. We will get you to your mother. Have no doubt." Freda sighed acceptingly, and turned into Éowyn's chest to continue her rest. Hanna looked up at Éowyn's face, "Please do as I ask." "Anything, my friend." Éowyn clapped her on the shoulder. Hanna spurred Herlo to go towards the King, and to pass him. She got in front of her King just in time to hear the Gamling's call of Wargs on the front lines. She rode up beside the elf who had just destroyed a scout. "My lord, there are more, aren't there?" He gave her a firm nod, and she pulled her sword from her sheath. The elf ran back to the Kings group and warned everyone else. At least ten Wargs and their riders approached her. She leapt of her horse, and sent him towards the low grounds where she knew the villagers would be heading. "Ride Herlo! Ride!" She watched the horse off for too long, and felt the sting on her cheek of a dagger rushing across it. She looked back, and grabbed a dagger from her belt, throwing it straight into the skull of the devil which had scarred her. The ingrate crashed his Warg into very sharp rocks, and slammed into the ground. She felt another approach her from the back, and swung her sword to the right to catch it as it went beside her. The short battle went on as such, as many more Wargs arrived with their Orc Masters. Hanna killed many of them, all the time praying for the next kill to be the last, when without warning she felt a stabbing pain in her side. An arrow, wooden and splintering, stuck from her right side like a limb from a tree. Then another pain she felt to her back made her cough up a small amount of blood. She lifted her sweat and dirt covered hand to her mouth and gagged when another pain reached her leg. Then she lost sight of everything, and all became black. And Hanna fell. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- So, that's one of my first tries at a LOTR fic... What do you think? Oh, please tell me if my facts are wrong.. There might be things that I used literary license, but just in case PLEASE tell me :] Thank you for reading, feel welcome to review, redxlover