a year ago, and a story far too long, perhaps I shall tell you another time" she smiled wearily. "You four should rest, 'Strider' and I will keep watch, but we should get moving in the morning so you'll need all the rest you can get" Evelyn said, quickly changing the subject. "Aye, we leave in the morning to travel to Rivendell where you will meet Gandalf who was the one to send me to collect you all" Strider replied as the hobbits got in their beds and started to drift off into a dreamless sleep. Evelyn sat on the long window sill and brought her knees up to her chest as she leant against the cold smooth surface of the glass. "I have missed you dearly Estel" she smiled speaking in elvish as he sat opposite her on the window sill. "And I you, what happened that day in the woods? The rangers tried their hardest to search for you, but we lost sight of you after the ambush" he asked worriedly. "It's rather a long and haunting story, and one which I am not yet willing to share, but I did run into Gandalf and travelled with him for a while before he asked me to protect these hobbits" she smiled looking at their sleeping forms, "What have I missed back home?" she turned back to him again with a longing look on her face; oh how she had yearned to go home, it was one of the few things that forced her to grasp onto the threads of light in such dark times. "Not a lot, Legolas misses you; he has looked for you since you went missing you know?" he shook his head. "He looked for me?" her eyes widened. "He loves you more then anything in this world and would sooner die before anything happened to you" he smiled. Evelyn sighed and absentmindedly ran a hand up her arm, making her cringe. "Evelyn, your hurt" he said concerned and moved closer to inspect her arm and cringed himself when he saw the deep cut along her arm. "Aragorn leave it, it's nothing" she dismissed but whimpered when he put his thumb near the cut. "It does not look like nothing to me, what did this?" he asked ripping some material from his shirt and rolled her sleeve up, tying it tightly so as to stop the bleeding. "We ran into a group of Nazgul on our way out of the Shire, and I volunteered to be the distraction" she laughed. "Why did you tell no one? It could have been a serious wound. You are lucky the tip of the sword did not snap off in the wound or you would be one of them right now" Aragorn replied sternly. She laughed bitterly at his comment before barely whispering, "Well I'm not, am I? Thank you by the way" she added. "For what?" "For being you, for patching up my arm up, I have missed you, you know, I have missed having an older brother to boss me around" she leaned into him as he wrapped an arm around her. "I missed you too, but technically you are older than me" he smiled. "Just because I'm half elf" she replied yawning. "You should sleep" he raised an eyebrow. "I'm keeping watch with you" she yawned again. "Hush, I'll be fine, go to sleep" Aragorn said as he moved her so that her back rested against a pillow from the bed and he reached for a blanket and wrapped it around her small form, "Better?" he asked. "You didnt have to" she mumbled switching back to common language. As she drifted off to sleep, Aragorn smiled at his adopted sister, and couldn't wait for the reaction on his best friends face when they reached Rivendell. -\-\-\-\-\- "We leave now" Strider shouted, as he and Evelyn woke up the sleeping hobbits. "What time is it?" Pippin mumbled. "Time that we were leaving, the ringwraiths know we're here, we must leave!" she explained gathering their belongings and heading out of the door after the hobbits and Aragorn. They walked as fast as the hobbits could walk all day until they reached Weathertop the hobbits had fallen asleep soon after, still catching up with the sleep they lost the night previous. Both Strider and Evelyn thought it best to scout the area while they were asleep, so they split up but not leaving far from Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin. Evelyn's ears perked up and Strider noticed too with his enhanced hearing due to living with elves most of his lives, and they turned around to Weathertop before they heard the deafening cry of the ringwraiths at the same time Evelyn's hand shot to her shoulder and she winced as the familiar pain ran through her arm. "We must go!" Aragorn shouted, slightly worried as to why the Nazgul had caused Evelyn pain, she never usually reacted to them. The pair sprinted back towards Weathertop with their swords drawn and Aragorn carrying a branch that he had lit as a torch. The ring wraiths were surrounding the hobbits and had no problem at all in removing Sam, Merry and Pippin from infront of Frodo, and started to corner him before he tripped backwards, just before he put the ring on and seemingly disappear from their sight. One of the Nazgul lifted his own sword swiftly into the air and plunged it down towards Frodo, who took the ring off and cried out in pain. Evelyn and Strider made it back and fought the ringwraiths until there were no more and collapsed next to Frodo's side where the other hobbits were sat. "Help him Strider!" Sam cried desperately as he looked at Frodo's wound that was bleeding heavily. "This was done by a morgul blade, this is beyond me; he needs to be healed by elves" Strider said in despair as he checked Frodo's wound, "We must go to Rivendell!"