the large hill Edoras sits upon. Being one level up, the wall is low and slightly crumbled from the view point of her side, so Lydia ties the end of the rope to the old beech in the edge of her property, and after checking that Luzgrak could indeed survive such a fall, she pushes him over the edge. Perhaps in another life, Luzgrak would have met his end at the base of Edoras. However as it were, the lengths of rope around him served to slow his descent as they rapidly unwound to deposit him on the ground. Lydia stares for a moment at the unmoving mass of limbs, then moves to pull the rope back up and tidies the garden of any sign of mischief. She carries out a very familiar looking bucket, and with a sly smirk, empties the freezing water to the unfortunate Uruk who became her patient. She hears an expected roar of shock, and smiles. It is almost hilarious how Lydia is never suspected of anything at the end of it all. Luzgrak had attracted the attention of every armed man in Edoras with his shout, but out of sheer luck and the advantage of having the darkness on his side, made it to the forest line and disappeared. Lydia watched the entire party of Rohirrim soldiers chases after film, torches lighting their path as they chased after him, finding it all rather parties of rides sent to hunt him down were failures. Baldred's bloody sword was found later, and it was decided that the Uruk must have somehow been the cause as well. Somehow. Lydia settled flowers on Haleth's grave, and spat on Balred's. She had tea with Haleth's ageing mother, avoided all attempts to be courted by the nephew and carried on with her work. She was considered brave, when it became known that she had been in such danger as to having to help the guards as they tried to make the Uruk talk. The raids in Rohan continued for a time, then began to drift further into the forest and out of Rohirrim territory. The disruption to the peace was forgotten by all but Lydia. She had placed all memory of the incident of Luzgrak the Uruk in a deeply guarded corner of her mind, but it was never dismissed. And after 2 years, she found herself sitting next to the rider of her wagon as she travelled out of Edoras. "We will miss you, Miss Lydia." The wagon driver cheerfully tells her as they begin to see a small village right by the forest edge and the end of Rohan. It has been a week since riding out of Edoras, and has altogether been a quite journey. "Can't imagine why you'd leave though." Lydia smiles lightly, "It has been something I've thought about for a while actually. A friend's mother has recently passed away, and gave me ownership of her old home that was never sold once she left to Edoras." The wagon driver grunted. "Message from Eru for you, I expect." They were soon slowing as they passed the first of several fenced farmlands, and Lydia could make out the cottage that would now be her home, sitting further away from the other collection of houses with several trees around it as if the forest was trying to consume it. "Be careful now Miss, we don't get raids nowadays but you're awfully close to the woods." Again Lydia smiles. "Don't worry, I'm sure I'll grow used to the wolves and such." She thanks the rather unnerved looking wagon driver and guides him and a hired hand as they carry her possessions to her new home. It is made of browning thatch, mossy timber and was surrounded by several withering paths of rock. Inside, the ceiling is lower than her last home, and smells like the forest it sits before. She spends the day unpacking and cleaning, deciding where to grow her herbs and introducing herself to the villagers. They are happy to have such a reputable healer among them, and so she knows business will be good. One family seem to be particularly good bakers that she plans to better chat with later. He had picked up her scent after three days out of Edoras, she knows this. The rest of the journey she had felt his eyes all the way to the village, and tonight she knows what to expect. At night, she leaves her door unlocked. She brews honey tea, and this time does not put any buds in the corners of her mouth. She unpacks as she waits, and when her door creaks open and a deep growl sounds behind her, she smiles. Luzgrak looks both hungry and furious. When she stands to meet him, he grabs her jaw and yanks it open to look inside. Lydia cannot help it, she cackles openly. "I can't believe you actually fell for that old trick, Uruk." He snarls in her face, and does in fact flush with embarrassment. "Fuckin' tarka, what took you so long to get out of that shithole?" She raises a eyebrow at him. "What makes you think I left for you?" And before he could say anything else, she kisses him... ...And abruptly pulls back in disgust. "Oh for fuck's sake, what now?!" Luzgrak demands. Lydia boxes his ear, deftly avoiding his snapping jaws. "You expect me to lie with you in this state? Eru, you smell vile! And I don't know what you've been eating but it certainly was unsavoury!" Infuriatingly, he leans in as she hisses, leering. "You gonna wash me again, tarka?" She sniffs. "I don't think there's a well with cold enough water around here, but I think I brought that bucket with me..." A warning growl, a feminine screech and a very broken barrel later, one might think that the Uruk had won this round. However Lydia as ever, was a practical woman... She always had a spare.