I couldn't. I was helpless. A knifing pain was digging in between my ribs, choking me. A salty taste welled up into my mouth. Scarlet blood began to run down my chin as I spat out the liquid. Coughing and gasping, I again tried to rise. But I couldn't, I still could barely breathe. I fell again onto my back, but this time, an Orc leered over me. "I'll have the pleasure of killing the only Elf at the battle," it lisped at me. He raised his knife and, before I could do anything to defend against him, stabbed me across the stomach. I shrieked in pain as it went through my armor and hit my gut. Warm, wet blood began to pour from my wound soaking my tunic and everything it touched. "You die hard, Elf," the Orc hissed. He raised his knife again for another strike, but this time, a white blade flashed above me, and he lost his head. "Estel," I whispered, my voice thick with pain. "No, Legolas…" Aragorn moaned. He dropped to his knees beside me, his blade falling from his hand. "Peace, brother, find Gimli," I pleaded. I could feel my strength slipping out of my grasp. "Find him!" I moaned. Aragorn called three times for him. On the fourth, the dwarf was able to get to us. We were all heedless to the battle that raged around us, I especially. "No!" Gimli wailed. "This is not happening… no!" He shook his head repeatedly, as if trying to shake from his eyes the image of my body bleeding profusely on the ground. "Do not deny what is clear in front of you," I choked. My hand spasmodically groped at the air until I found Gimli's hand. He clenched mine in his own, tears welling in his eyes. "I was proud to be you're friend, Gimli," I whispered. "Now if ever more, do we need dwarves like you, those who put aside what they've been taught for the sake of what must be done." "Legolas, don't talk," Aragorn whispered his tone speaking his horror as he stripped off my armor as best he could so he could see how much damage had been done to me. The orc club had smashed clean into my chest, breaking three of my ribs, and piercing me in several places on my chest. But the Orc's dagger was what would finish me off much faster. If I had not been stabbed, I'd of died anyways. With three broken ribs, I couldn't move, and I was as helpless as a horse with a broken leg. The wound in my stomach was still gushing blood. Aragorn pressed his hand against it, trying to stem its flow, but the red liquid was sliding out from between his fingertips. My life was escaping him, despite how he tried to catch it in his hands. "Estel," I whispered, using the last of my strength to speak. "I took the club for you," I tried to speak again, but I ended up gasping. Blood was filling my lungs and throat. Aragorn rolled me to my side as he felt my body heave. Blood, bile, and lymph gushed from my mouth, but it cleared out my throat. "I regret not that I paid the debt I've owed you, commend me to Arwen. Say how I loved you, and speak me fair in death, and let whom you tell be the judge if Legolas Greenleaf was a fool." I spoke in a tight voice, panting between words, as I could feel my lungs already filling up with blood again. "Legolas, don't do this!" Aragorn whimpered. Gimli had released my hand to fight off the Orcs who were trying to take advantage of the fallen man. "Alas, that we do not choose when, where or how we die!" I said in my own tongue. Aragorn tried to fight off tears but his attempt was unsuccessful. They flowed from his eyes, dripping onto my face, and washing off the blood. "Please, Legolas, don't go," Aragorn pleaded. "Please, don't." In that moment, when I saw the despair and the fear in his eyes, my heart broke in two. Shredded and tore itself into bits for him. Sweet Valar, I would do anything to save him from this pain. "Might I say one thing to comfort you?" I asked. My strength was fleeing me rapidly now. With every beat of my heart, more blood was pushed out of my body, and the weaker I grew. Aragorn nodded, tears streaking his eyes still. I sucked in a blood soaked breath before continuing. "I died as I always wanted to," I choked. "Protecting those I love." "Legolas no!" Aragorn wailed. I closed my eyes, but I could still feel as Aragorn picked me up from the ground and half cradled me in his arms against his broad chest. Soon I could no longer take the warmth from his body, and my own faded rapidly. The blood that poured out of me and onto the grass now stained Aragorn. I held on for a moment longer. Long enough for my hand to seize Aragorn's and clasp it tightly. Then the blackness came for me. I tried to open my eyes, and found I had no strength. I tried to breathe, and found only blood in my lungs. My heart tried to beat, and I had no blood in my veins to pulse. I surrendered, ready for the pain to be over. Everything that I had wanted done or said had been, and I was not frightened now. I was at peace. My soul was calm, and did not flutter in vain, searching for some way out of my fate. My spirit settled into a warm tide that swirled around me like water. If I could have, I would have smiled. I yielded myself up to death, and I realized something. My last words to Aragorn were true. And that was why I wasn't afraid.