Gwendolyn Jameson, adopted daughter of my wife Lady Celebrian and I of Riverdell, Lady of Riverdell, a trained politician and scholar as well as Master of Weaponry." The Prince bowed towards Gwendolyn and she followed suit, her annoyance replaced by a careful mask of emotional detachment. Legolas could clearly see that her time in Riverdell and new immortal transformation had completed her, for a mere mortal could not sustain such elegance and power in the few minutes that he'd been in her presence. He then turned to Elrond. "As much as I have tried, pardon my saying so I still do not see the importance of my being here for Lady Gwendolyn's awakening, Lord Elrond. Surely you could have done this without me." Gwen nodded slightly in agreement, still carrying her sword in her hand. "Yes, I too do not see the reasoning behind it Elrond. Explanation is in order, I believe." Elrond sighed and fingered one of his rings on his right hand, thinking. "I owe you both accountancy, this is true." He remained silent for another minute, choosing to walk into the balcony, which over looked the waterfalls and Gardens of Riverdell. It was a long time before he spoke again, and when he did he looked at none of them. "I should fill you in on the details surrounding the secret meeting which is to take place hereafter. Gwendolyn, you are more so in the dark than the rest in attendance, considering your state of being when all this first occurred, over 60 years ago. The One Ring has turned up again, in possession of a Hobbit named Frodo Baggins, whose Uncle Bilbo Baggins first acquired the Ring from the creature Gollum on a quest with Thorin Oakenshield and company to take back Lonely Mountain from the dragon Smaug. There will be a meeting to discuss its fate, to which it will be most likely decided that a quest will partake to the Mountain of Doom to destroy it, as should have been done long ago." Elrond then finally turned and looked at Legolas and Gwen, almost as if he were a stranger rather than a friend. His expression barely masked his pain. "Should the quest happen, most of those in company will participate, including you Legolas-" "I will do our people proud Lord Elrond," Legolas cut in, accidentally interrupting and earning himself a stern look from his elder. "Gwendolyn is to go with you," the Lord elf finished, addressing the prince more than anyone. "Riverdell is changing, and even for a capable warrior such as Gwen there will be difficulties, not from the elves here but much darker forces I will not go into. In spite of the large risk of participating in the quest it will be better if she is in your company." Legolas felt his jaw drop, and he hastily closed it to avoid being seen as unsettled. "Are you sure this is wise, Lord Elrond?" the elf asked cautiously. "Lady Gwen, she is, after all-" "A woman?" Gwen finished for him, glowering darkly at the he-elf and gripping the hilt of her sword dangerously tight. "You think that because I am a female that I cannot defend myself? I think I have proven that quite decently-" "I was going to say inexperienced," Legolas snapped, glancing back at Gwen's sword carefully. "You've only been active as an elf for an hour. It is not defense I worry with; I do not think I wise to send a, pardon the term, 'reborn being' out into the wild without first realizing what she is and is not capable of first." The blonde she-elf frowned but said nothing, perhaps trying to find a way she could underfoot Legolas's opinion, but before she could Elrond stepped in and placed a reaffirming hand on her shoulder. "Gwen was certainly a better warrior as a mortal Legolas; if she could handle herself against me and the entire staff in Riverdell palace I would not recommend her going." Gwen smiled gratefully at her mentor and sheathed her sword. Legolas sighed, knowing that arguing with a high elf lord was fruitless and nodded in compliance. "I suppose you're right Elrond. I should not have doubted you." Elrond assented this and waved both of the young elves off. "Go now, both of you. The meeting is in exactly one hour, do not be late." He then personally addressed Gwen, this time tenderly. "You and I will catch up later, daughter. Do not think for a second that I have forgotten you." The she-elf smiled, bowed low and headed for the door, Legolas in suit. Once they were heading down the staircase Legolas stopped Gwen, who regarded him coolly. "I really am sorry for the way I treated you back there," he apologized quickly, feeling his thoughts rush out of him freely. "It was not called for, an act of misconduct, and for this I regret. It now seems unwise that I doubted someone such as yourself, especially if you trained under Elrond. He is a wise and fair Lord; I should think you are the same way." If the elf had hoped for forgiveness, he received it, however reluctant Gwen was to do so. The she-elf back inclined her head politely in turn, looking the boy up and down. "Perhaps I should not have doubted your motives either, Prince of Woodland. Perhaps. But I will have you know, you will find that there is quite a bit more to me, myself and I than you have just witnessed. And I do not forgive easily." And with that she was gone. Ok, good, bad, horrible, great? I'm new to Lord of the Rings and am trying to get a feel for the world regarding it, including the elves. Did I portray them alright? Questions, comments, all reviews are welcome (besides flames, remember that I'm new to Middle Earth over here!). Also let me know if I should continue, that would be great! -rellimmes