in offering, attempting humour he did not quite feel. "Tell me, my friend. What exactly did she do to incur your hard-earned distain?" Glorfindel pulled a face, half amused and half irritated, as if the memory of something had brought a sour taste to his mouth. "Beyond her obvious insolence and disregard for common courtesy and respect?" he asked, pointedly avoiding sharing whatever event or conversation he was remembering. Curious as he was, Legolas decided it would be wise not to push his luck too far. "Beyond that, yes." The ancient, gold-haired Elf lord did not hurry to answer. Instead, he turned again to look down into the grounds where the she-Elf in question had just been joined by Boromir, and was now clearly in the process of introducing the Man of Gondor to the elderly Hobbit. Bilbo gave the man a surprisingly courtly bow and politely excused himself with a tired smile, leaving the Elf apprentice and mortal warrior to converse alone. Something he said made her smile widen as they watched Bilbo go, and Legolas saw her expression warm even more towards him. Glorfindel's expression, however, darkened as he continued to watch them like a hawk watching a field mouse far below. "There is something about her that—" he paused, still looking deeply thoughtful and pursing his lips. "Something that unsettles me greatly. It is an uncomfortably familiar sensation. One I have not experienced since before the Fall of Numenor…" The haunted shadow of a life Glorfindel had once had and lost crept into his eyes. He seemed to age centuries in the space of seconds without a single line appearing on his face, and Legolas waited without a sound for his father's oldest friend to regain himself. He had heard only fragments of what Glorfindel had been through during his long, first lifetime in Arda. Yet Legolas did know enough to understand that the considerably older Elf lord's experiences with war, horror, and death were not something any Elf had the right to disregard or belittle. When Glorfindel finally did regain his composure again, his blue eyes and cheeks looked strangely sunken, the memories of what he had endured before the ending of his first life taking their toll. "I fear that you are bringing more danger with you than simply a weapon of the Enemy," he breathed quietly, still able to stare down into the gardens with open suspicion and mistrust in his sunken eyes. Eyes that had drifted to and fixed upon the Man of Gondor still talking animatedly with the beaming Elleth below. Legolas did not show exactly how much he really did agree with that statement — even less when that bizarre feeling of irritated anger rolled through him yet again at the sight of her standing so close to the Man's side as they walked. "Hypothetically, then," he heard himself asking, "were I to ask for it, what would your advice be for the journey ahead?" Glorfindel looked up from the pair to glance at him, his blue gaze shadowed, but there was also a tiny glimmer of his old amusement lingering there — a tiny, flickering candle burning in a darkened, ruined palace. He tried to smile, but it appeared brittle on his tired face. "Were I to believe you would actually listen to my advice, let alone take it, I would advise you to be extra cautious," he chuckled, then his tone turned coldly serious, staring directly at him with growing intensity. "I would also advise you not underestimate the influence of that Ring. Watch for signs of weakness in them all as you journey, and in yourself. Pray it does not come to it, but you should all be ready, should the need to defend Master Frodo against those closest to him arise." The both of them looked down again at the small form of Lord Elrond's apprentice and the tall mortal she had just bidden good afternoon to — and as if sensing unfriendly eyes upon her, she looked up to see Legolas and Glorfindel staring down at her. Legolas watched as the warm smile he had thought of as lovely mere hours before fell from her face, replaced by that look of forced neutrality that made her eyes burn cold. Then she turned and strode away. A pang that was worryingly close to real regret for the way he'd spoken to her in the Council hall stung him, but he shoved that thought down before it could come close to appearing on his face. "And her?" he asked offhandedly, watching the small figure of Lord Elrond's ward disappearing back into the house. Glorfindel was eerily silent again for a long moment. "I would advise you to avoid turning your back to her… no matter how innocent and naive she might appear," he said plainly, before turning away back down the hall, walking slowly away. "I fear that if you do, you might well find yourself with a knife buried in it someday." Translations: * Mithrandir — "Grey Pilgrim" (Sindarin) ** "One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all, And in the darkness bind them." — (Black Speech of Mordor) *** epessë — an Elven "after name" bestowed during their adult years to reflect distinguishing features or personality traits, more akin to an honorary title than a nickname (eg. Arwen's epessë is Undómiel meaning "evening star.") **** gornon dithen — little valiant one (Sindarin) A/N: Really hope you guys enjoyed that little look into our favourite elf princeling's head, because it was really fun to write. And hopefully if you're a Rávamë's Bane reader it'll give you a little clue into why he acts the way he does… at least to begin with. ;) Let me know what you think in the reviews! The next chapter of CM is finished and is with my Beta, and should be up before too long. Until next time, much love, Rella x