a matter of move or be moved. It was just his way. 'All brawn.' He thought with a smile as he walked towards the bathing chamber but then suddenly he heard the sound of something shatter and quickened his pace. Then there was shouting and screaming and his quickened pace turned to running and he went sprinting down the corridor. When he got to the chamber door and heard smacking sounds - many of them - followed by the screams and cries of his young cousin and suddenly he knew exactly what was happening inside. "Rudd!" He shouted at his brother after throwing open the door. "What are you doing?" "What does it look like?" Rudd snarled as he brought his hand down once again on the lads now crimson backside. "Jarrett!" Tyren wailed. "Make him stop! Make him stop!" Jarrett was already on his way. "That's enough, Rudd. He's had enough. Let him go." "Not until I give him the hiding he deserves for striking me in the face." Rudd said about to deliver another swat but Jarrett grabbed his arm and stayed his hand. "You can finish spanking him later, for now we are all expected at the celebration - Auntie's orders." "She also ordered that unless I get this little snake cleaned up I am not allowed to go to the celebration." "I will make sure it's done. You go on down." Jarrett said. Rudd looked at his brother, annoyed at first, then thought of the party and the fact that he would rather be there then here anyway. "Fine." He said as he tossed the lad back into the water with a splash, then snatched his green tunic off the chair the hastily exited the room. Jarrett grabbed a large bath cloth and quickly went to help his still sobbing cousin out of the tub. "Are you alright?" Tyren jerked backwards and began shaking his head. "No, you're not alright?" Jarrett asked suddenly very concerned. "Come out of there." Tyren shook his head again and shifted his eyes. Jarrett looked to see what had the boy so deterred from getting out of the water and there was Claudette, still just standing there looking shocked. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Prince Jarrett looked up suddenly and gave Claudette a warm smile that made his emerald eyes sparkle and dance. "Sorry you had to witness their little quarrel." He said in his deep voice. "They are usually much more behaved than this." She gave an awkward laugh, realized it, and stopped immediately. Then she smiled back at the beautiful Prince. "It's nothing to be sorry for my lord. I have three brothers of me own back home." His smile grew larger and she could now see his perfect white teeth and amazing jaw line, and beautiful lips as his mouth moved. Lips she would love to have pressed against her own…..Oh wait what? What did he just say? She snapped out of it and tried to concentrate. "I'm sorry my Lord could you please repeat that?" Prince Jarrett chuckled. "I was just saying that I think it wise that I take over from here. I'll see to it that he is presentable for the party." He said kindly. "Oh, right. Yes of course my Lord." She said stepping forward with the cloth she still held in her hand. "Thank you my lady." He said as he took it from her - his fingers accidently grazing her hand. Claudette could barely contain herself having actually touched the prince and swore she would never wash that hand again. 'I must tell the others,' she thought to herself and hurried over to the door on the other side of the room. Only when she got there she realized it was actually the window. Feeing silly and stupid, she looked again and rushed back the way she had just come and exited the room. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Jarrett looked from the door to his cousin who was still in the bath sniffing and rubbing his crimson backside, and held up the bath sheet once again. "Come out of there." The boy complied without argument. "Striking Rudd in the face?" He said as he knelt down in front of the lad and began drying him off. "I think you would have been better off poking an angry hornet's nest with a stick. He is much older, uglier and bigger than you are." Tyren begged to differ. "He is not older than I. None of you are older than I." Jarrett agreed with this. "It is true, in years, you are much older than the rest of us, but you are of Elvin blood, therefore you cannot go by your years. You are still a child." "Yes well I don't want to be a child anymore. It is not fair that everyone else gets to grow up and I don't." Tyren said and his eyes filled with tears again. Jarrett looked at the lad sympathetically. "I understand how you must feel, but you will not be a child forever. One day you will grow up. It's just going to take a little longer for you than it did for the rest of us, but you cannot rush what is. We are what we are, and there is no changing it. You are elf and we are men." Saying these words made Jarrett realize something very dark and depressive suddenly - Tyren wouldn't fully mature for another seventy-five years or more, and live for thousands more after that - which was a far cry longer than any one of them. The poor lad would have to stand by and watch each and every one of his family members pass one by one until one day they would all be gone. "What are you thinking about?" Tyren asked. Jarrett had not realized he was in such deep thought till the lad spoke. He shook his head. "Nothing." He said and stood. "Come, let's get you dressed so we may join the festivities."