sniffles Boromir said, "I think so." He rubbed at his eyes with a grubby hand. "Will grandfather be feeling better then if he is in that place?" "He will not be in pain any more for which we must be glad." Denethor's memories of Ecthelion's last few hours when the Healers potions were no longer strong enough to afford him relief from the agony of his ills were not happy ones. "Mama believes that he is resting peacefully with those he loved who died before him by his side and that they are caring for him now. Moreover, because she loved grandfather and misses him so much, Mama trusts that one day we will meet him again. She also likes to think that somehow he can see us and can still guide us and love us from where he is." His brief explanation of his wife's ideas, far-fetched and fanciful to his mind, sounded most unsatisfactory to him but it seemed to suit Boromir for Denethor felt the tension melt from his son's body. He bent down to place a comforting kiss on his brow. "Do you believe those things like Mama does?" came a tearful whisper. "I think they are very nice thoughts." He hedged. "They bring Mama much comfort and that is a good thing." Boromir thought for a minute then squirmed to sit up straight. "If it is true, father, and grandfather can see us then he will want to see Bara too, will he not?" he asked, wiping his nose on his tunic sleeve. "I'm sure he would want to see Bara." The man agreed. He felt small fingers begin to idly fiddle with the clasp on his cloak. After another moments thought Boromir said, "I'm sad that Faramir did not have the chance to go for walks with grandfather like I did." "Ah, but you will be able to share your memories with him when you are both older. Hold on to them Boromir, for they will one day be important to your brother." Denethor tilted the boy's face up to look into his eyes. "If you keep your loved ones alive in here, in your heart," he touched his son's chest lightly with his fingertips, "then wherever you are you will never be truly alone." A small smile crossed Boromir's face. "And it is important that we honour his memory by carrying on his work." Denethor continued. "We must live our lives as well as he did for your grandfather led our people with firmness and compassion through many difficult times. That burden now falls to me and, one day, a long time off in the future, it will fall to you. Always remember what a well loved Steward and valiant warrior he was for Gondor." "I will remember." Fresh tears began to trickle from his eyes. "I want to be a warrior for Gondor like grandfather and you." "And you will be, Boromir. You will be." Denethor gently wiped the tears away and Boromir did not hear the deep note of melancholy in his voice. For though his son was unaware of the desperate situation facing Gondor and the consummate evil of her enemies, Denethor was not. As a father he dreaded his beloved son having to stand before those enemies when he was grown even as he, as his Steward and Liege lord, would demand that he must. He hitched the boy closer to him, holding him pressed against his heart; eyes squeezed shut against his own tears, his sense of foreboding and the portent of a most terrible loss. They sat for several more minutes, Boromir content to be surrounded by the safe warmth of his father's arms. When finally he stirred, his hand fell onto his father's hand and his fingers touched something he had not felt there before. Opening his eyes wide, he saw the heavy, ornate Steward's ring encircling Denethor's second finger. "You are the Steward now." He said, as if the fact had only just dawned on him. "Yes. I am." Denethor replied. "And you, Boromir, as my elder son, will be known henceforth as the Steward's Heir." The boy's eyes narrowed again as he digested this new information. "Uncle Imrahil is an heir, is he not?" "He is indeed." "And is Faramir also?" "No, only my firstborn can hold that position." "But," Boromir's brow furrowed, "uncle is not grandfather Adrahil's firstborn. Mama and Aunt Ivriniel are older." Denethor for once cursed his son's sharp mind. "He is Adrahil's heir because he is his son even though he is not his firstborn." Boromir's frown relaxed as he accepted the simple explanation. As his father had no desire to have a conversation on the potentially complicated rules of succession, he was relieved when the boy did not question him further. "Does Mama know I am an heir now?" his son queried instead. Denethor chuckled. "Yes, she does. But, Boromir," he took the opportunity to set the boy to his feet and stand himself, "what she does not know is where you are and she will be growing anxious. Let us go home and you can tell her that you were comforting Bara." He lifted his son up to give the horse a final pat, and then put him on the ground once more. "We will come and see Bara again soon, won't we?" Boromir's eyes were dry now, looking up at him, pleading. The Steward nodded his head. "If you can get up very early tomorrow morning, I promise that we will ride Bara out to the river, as you and grandfather used to do." The child accepted the promise with a brave smile. "I think grandfather would like to see us do that." Denethor felt for the small hand. His son would survive this blow. There would, no doubt, be more tears and more questions, but his young heart, though broken now, would mend. Of that he was sure. "Yes, Boromir, I think he would." he said.