intentionally moved towards the malice he had sensed earlier, for better or worse. [Break House of the Golden Flower Break] After Glorfindel passed the outer boundaries of Rivendell, he stopped at a small clearing of grass for Asfaloth to graze and gracefully took a seat against an old strong oak, leaning against the tree. He still didn't feel close to the shadowed malice he was following. He slowly relaxed the muscles in his body one by one, taking several deep, calming breaths. He felt the barriers around his mind fall away, and suddenly he out of his body, traveling westward on the wind. He followed the darkness and soon realized he felt two distinct groups; the Nine must have divided into two groups in their hunt for the ring. The closer group, he determined after a moment, was intended to hold the Ford against Estel's group if Estel successfully bypassed the other ring wraiths. The one close to him was the smaller group, constantly moving as if their master was at their heels. It would be almost unavoidable that he would meet with a few ring wraiths before finding Estel. The best, course of action, he meditating on the enemy's movements, would be to take the Road and cross the Bridge of Mitheithel. Estel would have to cross it, especially if there was a need for haste. If he left an elven token there, Estel could at least have the hope that there would be riders looking for him. After that, it would depend on luck. It would be impossible to wait for Estel at the bridge. In fact, it would be almost guaranteed the enemy would keep a watch there. Glorfindel closed his eyes, stretching his senses once more. Of the four riders closest to his location… none of them were the Witch King! He would know Angmar's presence, of that Glorfindel had no doubt. But these riders did not have the same darkness, the same depth of malice as the Witch King. If that was the case, Glorfindel had every bit of confidence that he could chase them away from the bridge. Estel would avoid traveling on the road, and as a master ranger, he wouldn't be found lest he wanted to be. Well, that was that. Glorfindel whistled a high pitch, and Asfaloth rushed to his side. He would keep the enemy away from the bridge to leave that path open to Estel. Once he'd chased them far enough away, he would return along the road. After the bridge, Estel would be forced to cross the road to reach the path leading to the Ford of Bruinen. Hopefully, somewhere in between, Glorfindel would find them and help guide them to safety. [Break House of the Golden Flower Break] When Glorfindel reached the Bridge of Mitheithel days later, it was as he had thought. Three were waiting, silent and deadly. If he had been any other elf, he would have withdrawn and found a way around. These were the Ring wraiths, three of the Nine sent out by the Dark Lord Sauron to find a trinket most precious to him. They stood their ground, their horses not moving an inch. For they could not understand the danger they faced. They would not understand who their foe was until Glorfindel revealed his true self to their sight. They gave a screech, almost like a laugh as best as Glorfindel could tell. It was a dark sound, an ugly sound, and if Glorfindel had the luxury, he would have covered his ears. However elven dignity required that he stare at them impassively. Elrond would have been so proud. Glorfindel hadn't even cracked about the grating screech. Maybe this was, as Elrond would say, Glorfindel finally becoming mature. Or not. "Elf, you've wandered far from your pitiful home," a voice whispered from the cloaked figure on the left. "The Lord Sauron, however, is merciful. If you give us the information we desire, you may escape with your pathetic life until darkness reigns free upon these lands once more. Your world is coming to its end, little Elf." If this was any regular orc or goblin, Glorfindel would have laughed at their arrogance. However these were three of the Nine, he didn't have the luxury of underestimating them. Too bad for these wraiths, he was no ordinary elf. And he wasn't feeling particularly merciful today. In fact, they had ruined what would have been a pleasant day; the sky was sunny and the air had been filled with a light, peaceful breeze. Now their black presences were a nuisance, darkening the day and making the air colder. As a great lord who had seen the Blessed Realm in its glory, he was not afraid of these wraiths. He could not be the one to defeat them, but he could let his power shine brightly. If there was anything that these dark beings would fear, it would be a light so bright that it could shine through them. "You speak unwisely, wraith. Crawl back to your master's feet. You will find no victory here." The power that he so carefully shielded within himself, he let loose. Like a dam that suddenly burst, his light shot up powerful and pure. It was good as shouting that he, Glorfindel of the House of the Golden Flower, was here. However for them mission to succeed, he would have to pull all the stops. As he descended upon them, he remembered for a brief moment the splendor of Gondolin and its subsequent fall, and his wrath was thus unleashed. The wraiths screamed, or screeched (he couldn't tell), before directing their horses in the opposite direction. For a moment, Glorfindel allowed himself to ponder his ability to shine them away. If only he could shine Sauron away… As he gave chase, he dropped a token upon the bridge. It twinkled brightly at the edge of his vision before it disappeared from view. Thanks For Reading! Please Review~! Reno