to me. I never thought to see this day." "Then you should feel no shame to be seen mourning his death, sir." If he was annoyed by Petrac's presumption, Boromir did not show it. "Yet, Petrac, I would be grateful if you told no-one of my… my…" "Of your tears, my lord?" the healer interrupted, going straight to the point. "What is there to tell? I saw naught just now but a man sorely distressed by the death of a much-loved comrade. Surely t'is only proper to shed tears at such a grievous time?" Further wretchedness filled the Captain's face. "Tears are a sign of weakness, I have often been told." "Then forgive me, but I must disagree with whoever holds that belief. To my mind, tears are the sign of a caring heart, not a weak one. I know many tears will be shed in this garrison and far beyond for such a Captain as Leomir. And you must have no fear I should say aught to discomfit you, my lord." Petrac assured him. "We healers are by nature tight-lipped." "I beg your pardon. Of course, you speak truly and I…I thank you for it." Boromir made a poor attempt at a smile. "And I thank you also for the care you gave to Leomir. His family's grief will be eased knowing he died in peace and dignity." His eyes strayed behind him to the man who lay in apparent sleep, tears once more brimming though he bit his lower lip hard in an effort to prevent them doing so. The healer bowed his head in acceptance of his words. "I wish all those who come to me in such straits could likewise have a peaceful end, my lord. Sadly, 'tis often beyond my capabilities." His hand moved to the Captain's elbow to steer him away from the dead man. "Pray come and find some rest in my room, sir. I have wine there which will warm and soothe you, then you must find sleep." Boromir shook his head. "I wish not for sleep, Petrac. I know too well of what I will dream." "Fear of our dreams belongs to us all, my lord," came the frank reply, "but sleep we must all the same. 'Tis the only way to repair both body and mind." And too exhausted to protest further, the Captain allowed himself to be led to the peace of the healer's small workroom where a welcoming fire burned in the brazier. He sank into Petrac's old leather armchair, accepted and drank gratefully a mug of warm mulled wine, to which the healer added a generous amount of brandy. In the soft glow of lavender scented candles and to the sound of his healer's quiet humming as he went carefully about his business, tinkering with his jars and pots, Boromir surrendered to a restless slumber. Barely a month has passed since that night and now the return to Osgiliath is imminent. Petrac winces as he pushes himself to his feet, one hand steadying the heavy scrip, the other gripping his stick for balance as Boromir approaches him, a man in full charge of himself, a Captain ready for command, a warrior at ease, self-assured and confident. "Greetings to you, Petrac. You have all you need? Your new purchases are safely stowed?" "They are, sir. I wish I could say they will stay that way." "I too." Boromir echoes his healer's grim smile. He scans the laden wagons before meeting Petrac's waiting gaze. "I dined with Leomir's father last night, Petrac. He sends you his best regards." "Thank you, my lord. I trust the family are coming to terms with their loss?" "They are, as we all must do in time. And I was given the news that Leomir's widow is with child again. That he died not knowing of it is a further torment for those of us who loved him, but equally, to know yet another child will bear his name…." his voice tails off. "That is joyful news, sir, for a child will bring great comfort. And a new life is always cause for rejoicing, is it not?" "It is, aye." Boromir agrees. "In his children Leomir has left Gondor great gifts for the future." "Indeed so, my lord." Petrac smiles, and then springs his surprise. "Sir, with your agreement, I should like to plant a tree in the garrison garden to commemorate Captain Leomir's life. I thought an apple would be an apt choice for, alike to him, 'tis both hard working and generous. It gives both flower and fruit and, eventually, will also give shade and shelter." Though Boromir looks taken aback, undeterred, Petrac continues, "Should the idea please you, will you assist in the planting, my lord?" He waits while his Captain seeks for words. "I think it a fine idea," he says finally, "and one which would also please Leomir greatly. I cannot think of a better way for any man to be remembered. You have my permission gladly and I will be honoured to assist. In fact, Petrac, should you be all prepared then best you set off to Osgiliath now. Your time will be better spent there than waiting for the rest of the Company to form muster." Boromir's hand tightens around a sheathed dagger that Petrac knows was a gift from his friend. "For the garrison's part, this campaign will be fought, and won, in Leomir's name. Many of his own unit will fight alongside Osgiliath's men and I am fortunate to have so many hardy soldiers with me." "Let us hope you bring them back, sir." "Oh, I shall do my best, healer." Boromir glances behind him as the first group of soldiers noisily enter the square. Touching his hand to his heart, he vows, "I promise you, I shall do my best." Petrac mimics his action, bowing his head respectfully as he takes his leave. "I have never known you do anything less, Captain." he says.