Gandalf the White who had loved him so. The idea had often intrigued Legolas and he debated maybe heading that way eventually to look into this "common knowledge" amongst his kindred spirits. However, that would be an adventure for another time. His current adventure was finding his way back to the present through the sea of thoughts that bombarded his mind like the relentless waves upon the sand. The only person who even remotely understood what he was going through was Reinin. His only Eliel friend, his only friend at all really...and the only one with whom he could share his heartache for the Middle Earth he had known... After the race of man began to spill the blood of their kin once more, his home had changed far more than he ever could have imagined. Than anyone could have ever imagined. The history books had it all wrong...things were out of order, things were missing and inaccurate, pieces of history lost forever at the hands of those who simply did not care to remember it for what it had truly been. And the saddest part was that the only people who really knew what had happened were forced into hiding. Aragorn and Arwen's inter-race love had been a milestone in Middle Earth. Yes those of different races had fallen in love before, but never had it been so widely accepted as it was when the king of men had married his elven bride. And the fact that the War of the Ring had brought all of the races closer as both allies and friends had helped as well to aid in this acceptance. But as dwarves and elves continued to fall in love with the world of men, their blood was tainted. The world of men had eventually overpowered almost all traces of the races that had once been. The traits which had distinguished them from the other races were so dominant that after a mere few generations had passed it had become nearly impossible to tell anyone's bloodline and lineage. The Semi-races had been born, holding only a few tells as to which race they had originally come from. Race had not been important for a long time. In fact, for the most part it was irrelevant, it played no major role seeing as the blood of the Semiel and Semidwa was diluted to the point that they lived the normal lives of men. The once great elves had lost their immortality by mixing their blood with that of men. True there were still a few that lived to see exceptional age, but they just wrote it off as being healthy or having good genetics, celebrating this as if it were some accomplishment to live to the age of one hundred and ten. By this point Legolas was nearly two millennia old. The remaining Eliel had all been alive for millennia, but they knew better than to advertize this. The world of men had lost all touch with where they had come from, writing off their Middle-Earthian history as a piece of brilliant writing by the author J.R.R Tolkien. Legolas couldn't help but wonder what they would do if they knew Tolkien's true lineage. If they knew he had really been the record keeper to the kingdom of Mirkwood and had written The Lord of the Rings as a historical record of the War of the Ring to preserve that dark time in Middle Earth's history, before sailing to the Undying Lands alongside King Thranduil at the turn of the century. He grimaced, the corners of his mouth turning down into an almost pout as the thought that Tolkien probably would have been killed had he been found out crossed his mind. Man no longer took very kindly to elves or dwarves. This was the exact reason why the Semi's and the remaining Eli's did not mix. The world of men was no longer aware of the existence of dwarves or elves, and those who had taken control of the lands of the Earth intended to keep the Semi-races in the dark, even if it meant killing off the last of the Eli-races. This was why the hobbits were hidden away in Antarctica, and why most of the Eliel had sailed to the Northern Arctic circle to find refuge in the Undying Lands. Not to mention the Ents who, upon the Great Divide of the Lands, that terrible and deathly era that the sorry excuses for modern history books claimed happened before the Earth was truly inhabited and referred to as the breaking up of Pangaea, had been stuck in the land now known as North America and were forced into hiding in the nations National forests to avoid being burned alive. None had moved in centuries. The world that Legolas had known was barely even mentioned in the crap history books of this modern age, misplaced on the time line and referred to ever so briefly and only as the Middle Ages or the Dark Ages. At least the title Middle Ages paid some homage to the once great land of Middle Earth that had been broken apart and now existed merely as Europe across the sea. Legolas let out another deep sigh as he rather subconsciously began to sip on his wine once more. How had this happened? He wondered to himself again. How had he come to this? With nothing and no one but Reinin left. Granted he loved Reinin like a brother, his attitude had taken a few years to adapt to as it was a quite like his own and so they had butted heads a helluva lot at first. But after a while it became nice to have someone who understood him. It became nice to have a constant friend in these ever changing and far from constant times. But this was the world they lived in now and so, with nothing else to hope for, Legolas hoped beyond hope for love.