What if you didn't come back from this one huh, I didn't succumb to the grief of losing you. Hell I didn't want to lose you." Legolas pulled her into a hug as tears began to pour from her eyes. "And with the Ring found again," she said, "Do you think that there would be anytime for us to truly be together?" "I think that you should have just sent word to me," Legolas said rubbing a hand through her hair, "for I would never of let you go." "Please don't let me go," Alitina said as he wiped the tears from her face, "I don't want to be alone." "I won't, not while I still draw breath," Legolas said, "but you must go and get ready for the festival before Arwen has us skinned alive." -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Alitina stood outside of the large dining area and garden where the festival was being held. Her and Arwen walked in making everyone go quiet and look at them in awe. Alitina wore a pink version of the dress that she had on earlier with the top layer of her hair braided with flowers weaved into the braids. Arwen wore a light blue version of the same dress but had her hair undone. They both wore crowns of mithril on their heads. "May I present my two daughters," Elrond said, "Alitina and Arwen Undomiel." Arwen and Alitina walked over to their brothers who were talking with 4 children like creatures with hairy feet. "They are hobbits," Arwen said as they got to them. "Hello milady Alitina my name is Pippin," Pippin said, "This is Sam, Merry, and Frodo." "Pleasure to meet you," Alitina said as she shook their hands and looked at her brothers. Elrohir and Elladan smiled at her and nodded in greetings. "Aren't you two going to come and give your baby sister a hug," Alitina asked with a smile. Elrohir gave you a hug first and Elladan soon hugged you after. "It has been too long sister," Elladan said hugging her, "I am glad that you have returned to us." "Ali," Legolas said picking her up from behind and spinning her around, making her laugh. "I see that you have found me," Alitina said as she was put down. She turned and smiled at him. Arwen, Elrohir, and Elladan took this as their cue to move the hobbits away from them. "Please come and sit with me during dinner," Legolas asked as he smiled at her. "Just as long as it does not involve you putting a bug down my dress," Alitina said as they walked and sat down at then table beside Arwen. Aragorn and another man sat in front of them. "Please introduce us to your friend Strider," Alitina asked knowing that Aragorn preferred to be called by his ranger name in front of other men. "I am Boromir son of Denethor," Boromir said, "my father is the steward of Gondor." "It is a pleasure to meet you," Alitina said as the continued to eat. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- A few hours later… Alitina sat listening to her father talk to the wizard Gandalf. She felt quite weary from her travels and all of the dancing that she did. "Why are their no representatives from Saruman," Alitina asked, "Is he not our ally?" "He is now a pawn of Sauron," the old wizard said, "he will only help Sauron with trying to get the Ring." "A heavy blow to us," Alitina said, "What do you think that we should do with it Gandalf?" "I believe that it should be destroyed," Gandalf said, "so that Sauron may never be able to threaten Middle-earth again." "The wizard and my daughter both agree on the best course of action," Elrond said with a small smile, "I will keep this in mind tomorrow." "Father," Alitina said a bit more quietly so that only her and Elrond could hear her, "I have seen what is to be and I ask your permission to join the fellowship. I know that you have seen this as well." "I do not want to lose my daughter in this war," Elrond said, "I do not give you my permission." "Ada! They could benefit from my magic just like they could with Gandalf's," Alitina said, "I was but a girl during the last war. Sauron and his minions have taken too many lives?" "Do not let revenge for your mother's death could your judgment," Elrond replied. Gandalf sat and smoked his pipe as the two elves quietly bickered. "I don't even remember her because of Sauron," Alitina said bitterly, "I grew up without a mother and you want me to just stand idly by when I could have a chance to put to rest the loss that all of us have felt." "You will speak no more of this," Elrond said waving his hand. Alitina just got up and walked out of the dining area. She stood outside of the doorway for a few moments before heading back towards her rooms for the night. She was almost there when someone shouted behind her… "Ali," Legolas shouted as he ran towards her. Alitina turned around and looked at him. "What do you want Legolas," Alitina asked. "Why are you so upset," Legolas asked standing in front of her. "If you saw what was going to happen tomorrow," Alitina asked, "Would you try to be a part of it?" "For the right reasons yes," he replied, "but for a reason like revenge then no." "I know that he doesn't want me to participate with whatever is the result of the council tomorrow," Alitina said. "I want you to do whatever will make you happy," Legolas said putting his hands on her shoulders and pulling her into a hug. "Thank you," Alitina said hugging him back, "Legolas?" "Hmm," Legolas asked. "I love you," Alitina replied. "I love you as well," Legolas replied back as he began to rub her back in a comforting motion.