be defeated this time. Legolas barked out a laugh before raising his glass to toast his friends for their friendship. Once he had finished his toast, a new one was made by Frodo, who toasted to everyone how thankful he is to know Legolas and how his constant joyous spirit had been much needed during their quest to destroy the ring. Once he had heard Frodo's toast, Legolas's pointed ears might have gone slightly pink. Once the banquet had been demolished with pippin eating the majority of the food. Even though Legolas had known the hobbits for a while and he was rather accustomed to their eating habits, especially when it came to matters such as their tendency to have second breakfast, he was still surprised with how much the young Peregrin Took could manage to eat without even the slightest sign of possibly exploding. Gimli kept shouting on about the drinking game rematch, however he was soon quietened down when Aragorn had reminded him that it was Legolas's birthday and he had the right to choose what activity to do. Because he had the power to choose what activity that his friends would do, Legolas made the simple request to go on an adventure with his friends for a few more days to the Bindlebole Wood-due the fact that he had never ventured into there before and it would allow him to spend a few days with his friends without being disturbed. Their small adventure seemed to disappear in a blink of an eye and it was soon time for the group to split up once more. Their adventure in the forest had been one of Legolas's adventures up to date as it was quiet and he was with nature. The only time that the peaceful silence had been broken was when a story of an adventure that had happened while the group were apart or Sam's loud noises of excitement as he saw all of the flowers and plants in the forest, and he had started to talk rather animatedly about what plants that we was going to try and grow at home and how he was going to do it much to everyone's amusement. The nights were spent feasting on cakes and the food that was left over from their feast and songs and poems were sung out into the dark nights where the stars managed to illuminate the sky so wonderfully that it made Legolas start singing an elvish song about nature that eventually had to be translated into Westron by Aragorn just so that the others could understand it. Even Gimli had a few songs in him during their adventure and Sam and Frodo would make up some poems and retell the poems that Bilbo had made up. It was probably the best adventure that Legolas had ever had and he had come to the conclusion that it was a rather good idea to be thankful of life everyday but it was even better to have one day to celebrate life when you were with friends as it made more memories. "So until next time then?" Aragorn said as he fiddled around with his sword, breaking the tense silence that had been formed when their short adventure was about to end when the hobbits were on one bath, Legolas and Gimli were on a different path and Aragon was on one himself. All the paths led to different directions that they were going to take and it would lead them away from another until the next time that they were going to meet. "I wish that we didn't have to do this again." Sam sighed, "It almost makes me think of our adventures together before and I almost miss them in away. " "So you liked nearly being killed then?" Merry asked with a confused look painted across his features. "Or the fact that we were tired and cold most of the time?" "No not that." Sam replied with a chuckle. "I mean just being with friends all the time and all of the poems and the songs. A hobbit tends to miss these things after a while and you just forget all of the bad things that happened on the journey. You just don't know when you will next be able to make a great story that's all." "I think that you will be able to come up with a few more stories, Samwise." Aragorn said clasping him on the shoulder. "If you need assistance I believe that young Frodo can help you." "Maybe you can write a story about this adventure that we just had." Gimli suggested stroking his long beard thoughtfully. "What do you think Legolas? He can call it 'The Thousand Year Elf's First Birthday.'" "That sounds wonderful, I must read it sometime soon Frodo." Legolas said with a smile on his face. "Well it is Frodo's birthday soon, and we are expecting you around for a party." Merry and Pippin said in unison. "Well I suppose that I can't miss that out, can I?" Legolas replied. "I have a lot of birthday's to catch up on, and from what I have learned in the recent past is that they are a wonderful thing to have and the only thing that makes them better is having friends to go along with them." As Legolas and Gimli started to walk along their own path to the Blue Mountains, Legolas wished for the first time that time would speed up just so he could see his friends again and experience another birthday as he had a lot of birthdays that he needed to have as it gave him the perfect excuse for his friends to be together once more, even if it was just for a short time, as the time apart made Legolas be even more thankful for his friends and with seeing each other on birthdays it had made Legolas more thankful as he had developed a liking for birthday cake.