vain. Without another word he turned and left. Alanoriel felt numb as she watched him go. She couldn't think straight enough to call out to him. It had been a long time since she had resigned herself to never having her feelings returned. His sudden declaration left her in shock. By the time she had regained control of her body and moved to follow Legolas he was long gone. That Night Legolas watched Alanoriel dance with one of the Mirkwood nobles. Several fathers had approached Haldir about marrying Alanoriel to their sons. Each time one approached Haldir Legolas had to fight the urge to declare his own intentions to marry her. But he couldn't. He would not force himself on her if she did not wish him. As Lord Adon spun her around, Alanoriel caught a glimpse of Legolas sitting beside his father. His gray eyes were a smoldering fire as they followed her around the dance floor. The intensity sent thrills through her body. "Are you cold, my Lady?" Lord Adon asked, mistaking the tremors of excitement for chills. Alanoriel shook her head, and tore her gaze from the prince. Legolas wished that he could take back his confession to Alanoriel. He might be the one dancing with her across the floor. He doubted that any of the other Elves would dare make offers for her if he was with her now. The pangs of regret grew so strong that he was forced to divert his gaze. He could not bear to think of what he had lost. Haldir noted the sadness in his cousin's expression as she glanced at the Elven Prince. Arya too had noticed the way the two Elves were acting. She told Haldir to fetch Alanoriel while she fetched Legolas. "Dance with me, cousin?" Haldir asked, extending his hand to the quiet she-Elf. She took her head. Legolas looked up in surprise as his sister urged him to dance. He noticed Haldir looking shocked as he was turned down by his cousin. "I'm sorry," Legolas said softly as he stood. He wended his way through the crowd to where Alanoriel sat with her hands folded in her lap. She was staring determinedly at her hands. "My lady," Legolas murmured, extending his hand to her. "May I have the honor of this dance?" Alanoriel looked up at him. A smile appeared on her face that made Legolas' breath hitch in his throat. Her tiny hand slipped easily into his and he drew her out onto the dance floor. The other guests in attendance began to mutter to one another as the prince danced with the ice princess. A true smile had appeared on Alanoriel's face for the first time that night as she danced with Legolas. The Next Morning Alanoriel politely bowed and acknowledged the many Elven lords who had made offers for her the previous night. She was grateful that her cousins were not the type to try and find mates for their unwed female relations. She could not fathom marrying any of those who had asked for her hand. Legolas arrived in the courtyard just as Alanoriel finished acknowledging her many suitors. He moved quickly to aid her in mounting her horse, waving away the grooms and suitors. Alanoriel felt familiar hands on her waist, lifting her into the saddle. She looked down at Legolas' handsome face. He did not speak as he helped her settle into the saddle. The gates were opening and the Lorien Elves prepared to go. After five long months they would be returning to Lothlorien. "Come back soon," Legolas murmured, touching her tiny hand. "I shall miss you." He stepped back and started towards the palace as Haldir began leading his group out of the courtyard. "Legolas!" The cry rang throughout the courtyard. Legolas halted at the strange voice calling out his name. Alanoriel slid from her mare's back and ran towards the Elven Prince. He had just begun to turn when she reached him. The prince saw Alanoriel running towards him, but dared not hope that it had been she who had called out to him. "Legolas," she whispered, wrapping her arms around his waist. "I don't want to leave either." Her voice trembled as she spoke. It had been so long since she had used her voice to any extent, but now she clung to the one she loved, hoping that he still wanted her. "I love you." Legolas grasped her chin gently and turned her face up to his. He saw no lie in her eyes, only hope and love. Moving slowly, he wrapped his arms around her slender frame and tenderly placed his mouth over hers. Alanoriel slid her hands up to grip Legolas' shoulders. Her legs were weak as she returned his kiss. Haldir had heard his cousin cry out the Mirkwoodian prince's name and had turned in shock. He was further shocked by the sight of Alanoriel locked in the prince's embrace, their lips pressed passionately together. Legolas broke the kiss slowly; still unable to fully believe that it really was Alanoriel in his arms. He was afraid that it was all a dream and at any moment he would wake to find Alanoriel had returned to Lorien. The she-Elf clung to him, drawing her body close to his. "Alanoriel," he murmured, stroking her hair gently. "Dare I even hope this is not just a dream?" "Hope," she replied, "or I cannot." Her grip on his shoulders tightened briefly. "Would you make this dream more real?" he asked, locking eyes with her. "Would you become my wife?" "Yes, Legolas. Oh, yes!" she breathed. Legolas claimed her lips again. His heart beat wildly with excitement. Alanoriel was his! Haldir and Arya exchanged slightly amused glances. For three months Legolas and Alanoriel had moved cautiously around one another and in two months had fallen hopelessly in love. It seemed now that the Lorien Elves would be remaining in Mirkwood for a longer period of time.