unexpected blessing in her life, only to lose it so soon, like the fickle flicker of the teasing flame on a windy night before it is snuffed out leaving nothing but its memory in its wake. It did not seem fair, yet much within her life was not fair, like it were within many lives. She supposed that was why her mother cursed her with such a name, Weeping Maiden, she had been named and throughout her life too much weeping had she borne witness to, and how much as had done herself in her short 35 years of life. A selfish piece of her did not want to let her child go, for how then can she protect her, as was her duty, if she did not remain in her sight? Reason returned soon enough to her. "Naneth loves you Calien, even when you doubt it , let it carry you where-ever your path shall lead you, and I shall walk with you then. Namárië, my darling. Be safe" bestowing one last kiss she passed her into Túrion's waiting arms. Unable to keep watch on her daughter in fear that she would give into the rising urge to just snatch her back into her protective embrace and keep her there; instead she turned her gaze upon Saurman, who was speaking in low, harsh tones to the Nazgûl Lord. So Nîriel found her gaze returning slowly once more to her husband and daughter, just as Túrion had slipped something under the soft blankets which were wrapped safely around Calien, a blanket that Nîriel herself had made her daughter in the long hours of the night during her confinement, her fingers still bore the scars of her labour. "Melin chen, Taurelen" he murmured before kissing her forehead as gently as she had done moments before, his golden hair creating a protective curtain around them. 'Varda please, watch over her in my stead. Light her path, and sooth her fears, as I can no longer walk beside her within this life' she prayed silently to the still unseen skies as a blinding flash over came the clearing. Sending the servants of Sauron scattering with loud shrieks and angry curses, and though Saurman's thunders yells were heard, his words were lost within the din of noise. And in one swift, smooth movement Nîriel had her sword with her hand, taking the moment of panic within the woods to ready herself before the coming attack and it would come, the bright light would have only served to anger the orcs. However, just because she would die this night did not mean that she would not take as many as she could with her. A brief flash of gold from the edge of her eyes, she saw a now Calien-less Túrion beside her, his own sword with his hands, just as ready as she was for the coming battle, seeing the same set jaw and fierce expression she too felt. However, he suddenly turned towards her, cradling her face in his free and captured her lips in a searing kiss, pouring so many unspoken words, emotions and moments they were never to have in this life into that single action. Nîriel could not help but cling to him almost desperately even after they had pulled apart, each breathing heavily, Túrion's thumb ran over her cheekbone is a soothing sweep. "Melin Chen, Tinweniel. Until we reunite once more in the Halls of Mandos" as quickly as it had happened, as the calm before the storm finally broke free, as their enemies recovered from their shock, with renewed fury for the ones standing before them, and then the wave of orcs and Nazgûl were upon them. Just as Túrion and Nîriel drew their last breaths, just as the sun began its slow ascension into the sky, the bodies of their dead foes surrounding them. Both praying for the safe-keeping of their child, hoping that where ever she was, she was safe. Hope and Jacob Sullivan were running to where they had heard the cries of their young son, only to find him standing over a small bundle laying upon the cold, soiled ground in the forest park they had decided to go to for a lazy Sunday walk when the weather was mild, a rare change for Ireland. Hope bent over her son taking a closer look at the small, dark bundle, left on the ground, not expecting not find anything but the blanket. She however, found her breath catching in her throat at the sight of a silently wriggling baby, wrapped snugly within a thick black knitted blanket, with a silver star sewn on with the palest silver thread and the words ' Calien Elennúmien ', stitched beside it in the same shimmering silver thread. A beautiful shimmering necklace lay beside her, tucked carefully into the blanket folds, yet still managing to catch the bright light of the sun. It was her son's voice, which broke Hope from the captivating silvery grey gaze that seemed to have held her within their tiny grasp as if they had some strange power over her. "Can we keep her mummy? Please I'll walk it every day!" Elvish Namárië – Farewell Melin chen – I love you Taurelen – My Princess Names: (Pardon if the meanings are wrong! Feel free to correct.) Calien – (Q) Light Elennúmien – (Q) Star of the West Nîriel - (S) Weeping Maiden Tinweniel – (Q) Maiden Crowned with Stars Túrion – (Q) Son of the Great One (AN - Re-edited – 20/07/2011. I thought I would dabble in the wonderful works of J.R.R Tolkien for a bit of fun, adding in some of my own OCs and a few wee twists to the legendary tales of Arda of my own devious (or not) making. I am slowly re-editing my first 9 chapters as my mistakes are crippling to the story. Only 8 more to go before I can continue on with the adventure :).