tang to the accumulated scents of pine, spruce and wintergreen that filled the hall. And standing at the foot of the stairs with broad smiles on their faces were Elrond, Glorfindel and Legolas, each garbed in their best winter finery. "Ada?" Elrond stepped forward and pulled Aragorn into his embrace, "Happy Yule, my son." The future king of Gondor and Arnor felt his eyes prickle as his emotions welled. "You remembered," he whispered into the Peredhel's pointed ear. "Go and change from your hunting gear, Estel. Everyone is waiting for you so we can serve the feast." Elrond hugged him tightly then set him free with a smile and a push towards the stairs. Aragorn smiled back—a true smile—and ran up towards his room, joy and hope in his heart for the first time since he'd received word of his mother's death. Dressed in the brand new green velvet robes he'd found laid out on his bed, Aragorn sat next to Arwen, his grey eyes sparkling in the light of the multitude of candles which lit the dining hall. Platters of the finest foods ever presented by Glassiel's kitchen followed one after another until even a hobbit would be sated. The hall rang with laughter and song, and he finally felt as if he'd truly come home, particularly when Glassiel placed a large plate filled with the fragrant ginger biscuits that his mother had always made before him as the last of the wine was served. Over the wine, Elladan and Elrohir confessed to him that the hunt was really only a reason to get him out of the house so the place could be decorated to surprise him. "You lied to me? For that I think you shouldn't get any of these biscuits! Mother always said they were only for good boys and elflings, after all." He attempted to look stern and then laughed, holding the plate out to them when Elrohir mumbled something about it not really being a lie, as Glassiel would definitely make good use of the venison they'd provided that day. Then they adjourned to the Hall of Fire and gathered beneath the star made of thin translucent shell and mithril wire about a small lamp which glowed brightly, representing the Silmaril which Eärendil bore upon his brow as he sailed Vingilot across the star-strewn heavens on this longest night of the year, raising their voices in a hymn to Elbereth. When it was done, Aragorn bowed his head and said a silent prayer of gratitude to the Valar for his elvish family. Arwen was standing before him when he opened his eyes and raised his dark head, her grey eyes and pale face luminous in the glow of the star, her generous mouth smiling mirthfully. "Estel, look up." Legolas nudged Glorfindel as they watched Aragorn realize that besides the star lamp, there was a kissing bough suspended above him. Arwen said something that even with their superior elven hearing they couldn't make out, then she reached up to draw the dark-haired Ranger's mouth down to her own, leaning into his embrace as she kissed him deeply. "Well, I think Estel got what he wanted for Yule," the Prince of Mirkwood whispered to the Balrog Slayer with a grin. Yes, seeing Estel at this moment was well worth the hasty and uncomfortable trip over the mountains, and the sleepless night and busy day it had taken to give his friend the holiday he had been missing. THE END A/N: In canon, in the year that Aragorn turned 49, he left Gondor after the Battle of Pelargir, and traveled to Lothlorien, where he met Arwen and plighted his troth with her. Canon does not state where Aragorn traveled to after leaving Lothlorien, nor that Arwen stayed there after their meeting, so I've taken the liberty of having her come home for the winter after Aragorn set out for Mirkwood. This fic goes along with the idea that Legolas has been part of Aragorn's life, if not since childhood, since he'd gone out on his own as Chief of the Dúnedain; long enough to have come to be someone who would travel on such a mad journey through the passes of the Misty Mountains in order to try to ease his friend's grief. The Star of Eärendil was inspired by the illuminated Moravian Star my mother always hung each Christmas during the latter years of her life. Gilraen's Ginger Biscuits were inspired by a lovely Crystalized Ginger Cookie recipe that I made during this year's holiday baking. For those who are interested, here is the recipe: GILRAEN'S YULE GINGER BISCUITS 12 tablespoons (1 ½ sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature ¼ cup dark molasses 1 cup granulated sugar 1 large egg 2 cups flour ½ teaspoon ground cloves ½ teaspoon ground ginger 1 teaspoon cinnamon 2 teaspoons baking soda ½ teaspoon salt 3 ½ ounces crystallized ginger, coarsely chopped (about 1/2 cup) 1. Cream butter with molasses, sugar and egg. 2. Sift together dry ingredients (except crystallized ginger) and add to creamed mixture. 3. Blend well. 4. Fold in candied ginger. 5. Chill for one hour. 6. Preheat oven to 375° F. 7. Form into 1-inch balls (approx 1 tsp of dough), roll in granulated sugar. 8. Put cookies about 2 inches apart from each other on a greased baking sheet (or one you have lined with parchment paper). (NOTE: You do not have to grease a non-stick baking sheet.) 9. Bake 8-10 minutes. 10. Let sit on baking sheet for one to two minutes, then move to a wire rack to complete cooling. If you wish, you may make the balls ½ inch in diameter to get more cookies from the recipe, but you'll need to start checking on them at 6 minutes, because if you aren't careful the smaller ones will burn. They were a huge hit when I shared them with my church ladies group, so I figured that I'd share the goodness! Happy Christmas!