things your way and take a few minutes to rest. Besides, Nicholas looks like he's struggling." "I am not!" Nicholas protested loudly and crossed his arms over his chest with a pout on his face. "Why are you always so mean to me, Will?" Eli laughed. "He's only kidding Nick!" He walked up to him and patted him lightly on the head. "You shouldn't take everything he says so seriously. We all know he's an idiot." "Hey!" Will cried, as though his dignity and pride had been personally attack, which, of course, they had. They all sat down on towels and watched other people play in the waves. Michael grinned and pointed at a couple sitting a few towels over. "Maybe we should tell them that they're going to get a serious sunburn all over them if they keep that up." Will developed an identical evil grin and shook his head. "Nah. If they're not smart enough to keep their intimate relationships to themselves, and in a room, then they deserve to look like lobsters for a week." Nicholas stood up and grabbed Eli's hand. "We're going swimming." "Okay guys, you have fun now. Shoo." Morgana said as she flipped her hand to gesture for them to go ahead. Ives grabbed Isaac's hand and pulled him up, then proceeded to pull up Will and Mason. "Come on guys, you know that those stupid seniors can't swim." Alastor glared daggers at him as Morgana and Sebastion chuckled lightly. Mason chuckled at the joke. "It wouldn't matter if they could or not. Those two would drown because they'd be so busy staring at each other." Will nodded. "Those poor boys still don't have any idea about how the other feels, do they?" Alastor launched himself backward and flumped onto his back on his towel. "Nope. Neither have a single clue." Morgana lay back again. "I really feel sorry for them. The poor guys..." Sebastion stood up, "Can I come with you guys?" Will shrugged. "Sure." Sebastion looked at the remaining three. "How about you guys?" Michael looked down at his watch. "Sorry, I've gotta go home in a few minutes. I promised my wife I'd be home by five o'clock." Sebastion raised his eyebrows. "You're married?" Michael laughed. "Yeah. I'm twenty-nine, married, out of medical school." "Oh." Sebastion was very surprised to discover this. Michael stood up with his towel, bade them farewell, and left. "So, is anyone going to come with me?" Morgana smiled and stood up. "I will. I wanted to get some swimming in today anyway." Alastor shook his head and stood. "What the hell." He muttered. So the three of them trooped off toward the water, where Eli was helping Nick find shells, and the four college students watched them. When they reached the water, Will playfully splashed Isaac and Ives, who were standing unusually close. In retaliation, Ives and Isaac splashed Will, but missed and hit Morgana, who splashed them back. Will splashed Alastor and Sebastion, and then Eli and Nick, which triggered a furious war. After a few moments of all-out war, they all stopped, out of breath, soaking wet, and grinning like idiots. "That was fun." Will said, his grin the widest and most evil of all, as he slowly made his way back up the beach. Alastor shook his head. "Why the hell does he always have to do that?" Later that night, at about ten o'clock, Sebastion drug himself into his house. After shutting the door, he turned around to find his parents in the living room with several people. They were laughing and joking about. They were obviously people his parents had invited over from their workplace. They all turned around when he entered the room and he could only imagine what he looked like. What with his usually dirty blond curls wet and filled with sand, not to mention is exhaustion and lack of shirt, he must have looked terrible. Sebastion apologized quickly and ran up the stairs. After a quick shower, he changed and found himself quite willing to sleep. Dream Sequence He ran through the woods, someone calling his name and he following it without any question of who it was. He knew the voice. It was of warm summer nights in fragrant gardens, and of cold winter nights under a heavy, shared blanket. He emerged from the forest, and the voice was very close. He threw himself into the arms of the one that had called him, and the person's arms were warm as they hugged him as an answer to his show of whatever emotion had possessed him. "What were you doing in there?" "I was looking." "For what, Pippin?" "For you. You weren't in the gardens, and I couldn't find you anywhere in the house." His voice was now growing in volume, as though all of his frustrations and worry were spilling out. The person, a male based by his voice, laughed gently. "I'm sorry for making you worry. I was helping Mother in the orchard." "Oh." His voice was soft. The male hugged him tighter and let his lips brush the other boy's. "It's okay! I'm not upset, and I'm very sorry for making you worry about me." "Merry! We should be more careful! Folk don't approve of people like us! And I'm not even of age yet!" 'Merry' nodded and sighed, releasing 'Pippin'. "I hate keeping secrets like this. Here we are, knights of men, fearless in battle, and we can't even face our own people, or even our own families. I wish we could just tell them to shove it wherever, and to leave us alone." "I sometimes wish the same things. But we can't, because we have duties here." "I'd much rather spend my life with you. I want to spend my life loving you..." End Dream Sequence Rhiannon: Alright… Thre will be no authors notes on the other ones… because Bando didn't leave the originals but remember… Feedback is always appreciated!