the weird phrasing. "I'll make this brief, seeing as you seem to be shuffling like a horse at a racetrack." Mrs. Weber said, ignoring Lia's confusion with a small smile as she walked into the kitchen where Lia's things were set to go at the dinner table. "There are three things you need to know…first, always keep one of your parents rings on you at. all. times. No exception." She said very intensely, causing Lia to furrow her brows and think perhaps this woman was crazier than Lia'd given her credit for…What was she saying? How did she even know about her parents rings, and why was that important? Lia wondered, but kept her mouth firmly shut and waited. Mrs. Weber's countenance changed abruptly and she looked up at the girl with a mischievous smile. "Second, the poor thing's been waiting a long time for you, so you be sweet to him." She said with a playful sternness wagging her finger at the girl. Lia was beginning to reconsider everything, this woman was definitely crazy. "Lastly, don't be too hard on the other one either, he's much like the forrest he was born in…wild but giving…he's been waiting for you too…" Mrs. Weber laughed brightly. "…though in a much different capacity." She said knowingly. "What are…" Lia started before Mrs. Weber held up her hand for the girl's silence. Something in the hold woman's movements spoke of an authority Lia had been conditioned to respond to from her martial arts training. It was ingrained in her to shut up when a higher rank was speaking. "You'll find out soon enough, Lia…just relax for a few minutes." The old woman said, a little impatiently. Lia's amber eyes flashed, and she bit her tongue to keep from answering the woman back. This woman was speaking in riddles and she just expected Lia to accept it? It was infuriating. Mrs. Weber raised her eyebrows at Lia, perhaps reading the fire in her eyes, then smiled wryly. "That's a scary look there, girl…but someone taught you discipline and mastery of yourself." Mrs. Weber said appreciatively, followed by an honestly bright laugh. "Lord, that's gonna go down the drain in no time flat…this'll be fun." The old woman said happily. Lia clenched her fist and reminded herself that punching an old woman wasn't ethical. Mrs. Weber patted Lia on the shoulder. "It's alright, dear, loosen up a bit, eh?" She said calmly. Lia's nose twitched in agitation. Mrs. Weber looked her up and down and made clicking noise with her tongue thoughtfully. "You'll do fine, now pick up your pack, chop chop." Mrs. Weber said briskly, gesturing to Lia's pack. Something was off, Lia was sure of it, and her instinct said run. This woman was nothing but trouble, but for some strange reason she Lia also found herself curious to the point where she couldn't resist the old woman's orders. Lia paused. "To be or not to be…That is the question." She muttered to herself…No! She was done wondering what to do, she wasn't a Hamlet, she didn't sit and ponder, she took action for better or worse, she sighed. "Just like my stupid namesake…" She finished her thought aloud. Ophelia in Hamlet had made a call, she'd decided not to be, but Lia would not be that weak. "Fine!" She growled, roughly picking up her pack and hoisting it onto her shoulder. "I don't know what the hell this is, but I'm in…I'm done being a goddamn Hamlet!" She insisted, striding over to stand in front of the woman. Besides, how bad could it possibly be? It was just a camping trip to clear her head and try to heal herself. "Do I know how to pick 'em?" Mrs. Weber asked herself rhetorically with self satisfaction. "Ok, dear last thing and then you'll be on your merry way…Don't be angry with your parents when you find out, they did it for you." The old woman said kindly. At those word Lia met her limit. "I'm gonna be honest, ma'am, I don't understand what you're talking about and it's starting to make me feel like you're trying to drag me down to you're level of crazy." Lia said tonelessly. "What could my parents have done that would make me angry, and why does that matter right now?" Lia asked imploringly, as if she could just plead with the woman to actually make sense. Mrs. Weber only offered her a soft smile. "Truth is given in it's own time, not when we demand it to reveal itself." The old woman replied sagely. Lia was about to argue, when she was struck again with that authoritative look from Mrs. Weber. "Pick up the pin, Lia… the one I gave you." She said, pointing to the table where the pin lay, unmoved. Lia went to get it but pulled her hand back at the last moment and turned to look at Mrs. Weber. "First tell me why." Lia said, trying to keep her tone respectful. "Are you frightened of it?" The woman asked. Lia's amber eyes flashed again, and she felt irritation bubble in her chest. "I'm not afraid…I'm curious." Lia said, trying now to sound calm. Mrs. Weber chuckled, and Lia was beginning to think that woman's laugh was the most annoying one in all of creation. "Is that so? Why don't you prove it." Mrs. Weber goaded. Lia had never been the sort of person to back down from a dare, and it had gotten her into trouble on more than one occasion…This time was no different. Even as she acknowledged her own stupidity, she could nothing to combat it. "If that's not a metaphor for the human condition…" she muttered as she fixed her face into a firm line, and strutted over to the table. Anywhere, anything was better than what she had and where she was, so without really contemplating her own actions, she reached her hand out and picked up the pin.