magic here. Morlyn spluttered. This had to stop . With a growl she shoved him away ad his eyes were confused. "Lady Selene, wh—" he began. She took a threatening step toward him. "Do. Not. Touch me." She warned. The Thranduilian arched his eyebrows and his face quickly melted into horror. "Lady Selene, I apologize ," he breathed. "I had forgotten what you must've suffered at the hands of . . . I would never dream of hurting you!" What was he babbling about?! "Is that how your father taught you to lie ?!" She snorted, pressing further, the male elf taking a few steps back. "I-I don't under—" "I think I'll kill you for your deceptions," she seethed. Malice frosted her words. His eyes widened and his fingers twitched toward his bow but he did not touch it. "I did nothing!" He protested. Rage boiled in Morlyn's skin. She held out a fist. A spell of death on the tip of her tongue. 'You killed my family." The weight and impact of the unbound power in Morlyn's words hit the prince like a boulder. He was flown backwards and an icy breeze whipped through the warm, humid weather. Morlyn's eyes blazed with a delighted cruelty and she sprang. Her leather-clad feet slammed into his chest as the prince hit the ground, back skidding across tree roots. Swiftly, kneeling on his stomach, she yanked away his bow and quiver and flung them away. As she turned back, she didn't have time to stop Legolas's elbows ramming into her own stomach, bucking away from her and iron fore-arms yanking her arms behind her, and twisting them cruelly behind her. "You cannot be who you are. I sense evil," Legolas whispered to Selene, trying to wrap his mind around what was happening. She laughed and Legolas knew he had been deceived. "Very clever, Princeling." She hissed. Something in her cloak was loosened and rolled out. Legolas caught his breath in shock. "One of the seven seeing stones . . . you! Who are you?!" He demanded. "My name is Morlyn Elyrinath," she said in a strangled death purr. "Remember me now?" Elyrinath. The dark sorcerers—known for their open practice of the black arts. Cunning. Sinister. And the most powerful of the Eldalie save for Galadriel of the Lauriens. Although Legolas had been on the search for the creature, Gollum, word had gotten to him that his father, King Thranduil had delivered their execution after a fair warning. All of them. Except . . . Morlyn gritted her teeth and jerked her head backwards into Legolas's forehead, stunning him. Morlyn took her chance. She sprinted to her feet, grabbed the palantir and ran for the camp. Her sweet revenge would just have to wait. Legolas wasted no time in slinging his bow and quiver on his back and racing after her. She was after Mithrandir, no doubt. The only being she'd need that much magic to challenge. He was nothing to her. To the spawn of Elyrinath. But he would have to take her down. Or at least warn them. Branches whipped across Morlyn's face as she stumbled madly through the woods. She held the burning palantir out in front of her with one hand. Teeth chattered as she mumbled the incantations. No doubt the Prince would be after her soon. And he had impeccable timing. With a yell, Legolas leaped, landing on her back, sending Morlyn tumbling to the ground. She crawled quickly, shielding the palantir with two hands as she did so. Almost there. Legolas's hand grabbed at her cloak, ripping it, and following her movement. Morlyn could see their camp where the man, dwarf, and wizard still slept peacefully just 50 feet away. Just a bit closer. She stumbled to her feet and lunched another 25 feet before Legolas wrestled her down again. She whirled around, sending her clenched fist spinning with a vengeance into his face and slamming her hands hard into his neck while she pinned him right outside the camp. "You can't kill him," Legolas groaned weakly. "I know that, fool!" She laughed lightly. "I'm sending him away." " Why ?" His breath was pained as she pressed in harder, cutting off his air supply. She leaned in to whisper in his ear. " Because I hate you ." With a cry that woke Aragorn and Gimli, Morlyn wrenched her hands from his neck, raised the palantir into the air. "Ascalonien dhten ehliexa!" She cried, her eyes glowing white, she aimed the stone of Orthanc at Gandalf. "NO!" Legolas roared, taking up and arrow in a last ditch effort, stabbing her forearm which held the stone. Morlyn shrieked as her tendons unlaced and blood spilled from her arm, dropping the palantir into her good hand. It was too late. The seeing stone blazed into white splinters of ice-light. The magic had been released. Morlyn fell to the ground, howling in pain. Legolas threw himself over the palantir, trying to stop the deadly flame. Morlyn lifted her eyes, saw what was happening, and screeched. "The power!" She screamed. " No! You're absorbing the power !" She stretched out a bloodied, writhing hand and grasped the palantir. Can't stop it , she realized. I can't stop it . Morlyn, Legolas, and the flaming palantir disappeared in a flash of orange and blinding white. "Mithrandir! What's happening?!" Aragorn cried. Gandalf, who had been awake the entire time, and also had sensed Morlyn and the Palantir's power long before, simply smiled. "Wait and see, my friends. It shouldn't take long. For us, at least." XxXxXx Thanks for reading everyone! I know this is long! I hope to update soon! And for you Karma Chronicles fans, I WILL be updating by the end of the week. Leave me alone! I just had a birthday party/my cousins leave after staying with us for two months/got back from camp/started work so I've been a little busy lately. Okay? Thanks! Please drop me a review!