we are meant to dwell for all of our days. If Tirnion had wished to stay in Imladris, he would have. He is here, with us, and while his heart may lie in Imladris, his home is here, for now." "My heart does not lie in Imladris." Tirnion protested as he moved his books from the bed to the stone shelves. "Of course it does." Berenon said, a certain twinkle of mischief in his eyes. "Berenon, I have told you, Eluialeth and I…" "I never said the name Eluialeth in regards to you heart. Did I, Legolas?" Berenon asked his brother. Legolas smiled, the look almost blinding, "No, indeed dear brother, such a name never passed your lips." Tirnion turned to regard the brothers, speechless as he stared into their laughing faces. Berenon patted Tirnion on the shoulder, "Denial, it is so sweet to see it on other people. Why, I remember when father first insisted I was in love with.." "I am not…" Tirnion tried to protest. "They never think it can happen to them." Berenon said to Legolas. "Just wait until it happens to you, little brother." Legolas scoffed, "I doubt such a thing will ever happen." Tirnion and Berenon both raised their eyebrows at such a proclamation. "You are aware that with those words, you have just ensured such a thing will happen." Tirnion stated as he tried not to outright laugh as Berenon had done. He shook his head at Legolas's actions silently praying he would be there to see the day when such a thing occurred. Elrond looked at the letter from Mithrandir, containing more of an order than request. Elrond did not bother pretending he understood the workings of Mithrandir's mind. Walking into Erestor's office through their connected doorway he simply stated, "Warn the staff." Erestor glanced up at Elrond, confusion on his face. His eyes rested on the letter Elrond held in his hands, "Is Mithrandir brining another Took to Imladris?" he asked. Mithrandir had, throughout the years, brought forth a fair share of adventurous haflings to Imladris. "He did not say, he simply warns us that with the new year he will be stopping in Imladris for a night or two with a party consisting of many dwarves and one hobbit, at the very least. He will let us know more as the events become more clear." Elrond said, amusement clouding his otherwise serious tone. Erestor sat back, "Well then, perhaps Elrohir will be back in time to see him again." "Are you recalling them so soon?" Elrond asked, surprised at the quickness of their stay. "Having read all of their reports, Morwen's very detailed one among them and Elrohir's pleading letter to Glorfindel, I must agree with them. They are wasting their time there. We would do better with them here and you know Elladan keeps pestering Gilraen to let him take Estel out into the woods for a few nights. She will only let such a thing happen if Elrohir is there as well." Erestor pushed away from his desk. "Furthermore…" "All the reports show another White Council will soon occur." Elrond said, knowing his own thoughts on such a thing. Erestor nodded, "It would be better if they were all present for whenever that event is held." Elrond stood next to Erestor, "It will be held in either LothLorien or Isengard from what I can discern from the messages. I would feel much more secure in leaving Imladris if Elrohir and Morwen were here." "Indeed." Erestor agreed. He turned back to his desk and folded his letter, sealing it. As he waited for the wax to harden he called for a page. Elrond silently laughed as he imagined the joy the four elves in Minas Tirith would feel as they received the notification to return. It was the most amusing paradox, young elves tried so hard to leave their home and once they did, all they wanted to do was return home. Hearing Elladan's laughter down in the garden with Estel's joyful voice being carried on the wind, Elrond could not help but smile. It would be good to have his son back home. Now, if only he could get Arwen to return. A/N: Thanks. It has sort of occurred to me that since I have not received review notifications, some of you may not have received my replies to your reviews and private messages. Having finally realized that if you have made a reply and did not get one from me in return, I sincerely apologize. I did send the reply out, it just got lost in the lovely world of the internet. Nima , I hope the new story stands up to expectations. Thank you for the review! Also, thank you for the kind words concerning my sister, but we have, indeed, coped with it well. As for my father, well, you know how it is, both the bitter and the sweet. Renna , get to work! Seriously, thank you for reading and reviewing while you are so busy. I more than understand. Trust me, I will soon be online only briefly as three 20-25 page papers come due. Celebrian and those waiting in Aman are going to get their own little mini-series posted on the lj like the other two mini-series within the series. I just felt their story needed to be told as well. As for Morwen and Glorfindel its one of those yes and no type questions depending on how you define sex. Have they had full on intercourse to the point of being in danger of producing a child, no, but they are not chaste. As for it being awkward, of course, as it often is the first go round. One day that might even might be written, but since it's not exactly my forte, I may have to out source someone to do it as a co-writer…or main writer…or, we shall see. Good luck with all the work you have to do!