a cold horror in Aragorn. He closed his eyes, leaning against the wall, allowing the strength of Gimli's kin-home to support him. For had he not always known? Even years before, treading these paths in a different time and different company, the encroaching Shadow had made itself known. This was not an ancient tragedy, a war lost in history. This was a present darkness, suffocating in its intensity, fierce and ruthless and, he now understood, unavoidable. For Gandalf... For his old friend, for the leader of the Company, for this grey pilgrim who was so much more- Durin's Bane would soon be another's- He cut himself off almost forcibly. Foresight was a curse as much as a gift, and in times like these it was definitely the former. The dread of the past was little when set beside the cold certainty that had clenched round his heart, immovable as Gimli's rock: the Fellowship would see the light of day again, but their leader... With difficulty he drew his attention back to the scene before him. Truth be told, the storytelling session had worked out better than he had expected; for a moment he had been sure both Elf and Dwarf were about as likely to skewer him as to speak to each other. But now they stood as if held in thrall, looking at each other in a strange mixture of grief and anger and a hint of understanding. They had suffered much, these two, and as Gimli's tale had drawn to its dark end he had seen, suddenly, that suffering to a new depth. For they were fading peoples, the Dwarves and the Elves. Men were changeable, passionate, rising and falling with the ages, but the Firstborn and the Children of Aulë simply remained. And even if all their hopes bore fruit, even if their little one made his torturous way to the mountain of doom and succeeded, even if the Shadow was cast down forever- even then, the Age of Men would be at hand, and the Elves would sail, and the Dwarves retreat to the deepest of their halls, slowly. And that was a doom that he could not fully comprehend, try as he might. Maybe that was it, the spark he had seen between them. Gandalf had raised an irascible eyebrow at him, when he raised the issue weeks ago in Hollin. Admittedly, at that point, no one in their right mind would have suggested that the Dwarf and the Elf might one day find true fellowship, for they had spent the better part of day and night sniping at each other. But still he had felt it. Young lords of their peoples, born into a time of darkness, raised with all the pride and fire of their races and with all their sorrows too: yes, the souls of Legolas of Elves and Gimli of Dwarves were more akin than they thought. So he leaned forward, and broke their little contest. For their doom was upon them, and the time for old grudges and unfounded hatreds was long past. "Lasgalen lies in the shadow of great evil, Legolas. Is it not beautiful?" The elven prince stilled, all his stubbornness honed to a point. Aragorn waited. He knew it would rankle to compare Legolas's beloved forest to this dark place. But was it not equally hard for Gimli to look upon the long-abandoned, ransacked ruin of his people's dreams? All lots were bitter in this game skewed by the shadow in the East, but if they stood together... "Diminished, but beautiful nonetheless." Gimli was staring into the dark, seeing the scenes of his people's craft and glory, no doubt. But he cast a quick look at Legolas as well, and there was an openness there that had not been shown before. Legolas, too, looked into the dark, and for the first time, there was something beyond blank fear and mistrust in his gaze. "The stone remembers your people," he murmured. "And evil encroaches, but it does not submit." Behind them, Aragorn saw their figures, so different in form, assume the same stance for a fleeting second, and suddenly he was seeing these two stalwart warriors in a different place, on a field of blood and metal. But they stood together, and did not quail. Gimli's axe sang, of fire and gold, bright as his spirit. Legolas's bow was its harmony, a melody of all growing things. And they cut a path through their enemies, the dark ones cowering before the pair, falling back before the fell light in their eyes, the same light that shone from them both, and they laughed together before the ranks of evil- "Aragorn!" He blinked, and the vision was gone. Legolas had vanished as well, evidently unwilling to display any sort of sympathy towards the Dwarf for long. Gimli bent beside him, offering a hand; the Fellowship was moving. But as he looked up at the Dwarf he saw instead Glóin, and Gróin, and their fathers and their fathers, their brothers and their sisters, the Dwarves who reclaimed their motherlands again and again, no matter how many times they were struck down and cast away. For, after all, they had been driven from the Lonely Mountain, but Oakenshield would not accept that. And this weighty shadow in Moria had chased Durin's folk from it long ago, but Balin son of Fundin would not allow that. And now here was Gimli, son of his fathers, tracing the lines on the walls, promising to restore glory for glory, beauty for beauty in a time of peace he still hoped for. Just as the Elves of Mirkwood held to their stronghold even in the pall of Dol Guldur, just as they nurtured and nourished the trees even when orcs trampled all living things, burned and slashed the forests... the Elves sang to the trees, and again and again, they replanted. "Seeds, and bare stone," he said softly, and with a smile he took Gimli's hand.