world moves as it will, son, without our consent or approval. What do you believe I could have done that you have not? You have kept our kingdom strong and proud in the face of constant threat. You have kept our people healthy, happy, and free. But, dear one, Time moves ever onward, and you have long been fighting a battle you cannot win. The time of the elves is drawing to a close. You know this. All know this. It cannot be altered or changed. All you can do is determine the manner of the ending. Will it be on your terms or the Shadow's terms? To that answer, you have done, and still do, all that could be hoped for. Thranduil had no response to that. I will tell you another thing, son. You are a better King than I was. An abrupt gesture halted Thranduil's automatic denial. You are a better King. You are better loved, more respected, wiser, and more just than ever I was. I speak the truth when I say I would have been proud to have you as my King. I am proud to have you as my Son. Thranduil fought against the tightening lump in his throat from hearing those words from his Adar. Until the day Oropher fell, Thranduil's dearest wish had been for his Adar to be proud of him. He started to raise a hand to touch his Adar, but stopped short when he remembered. There was nothing there to touch. If Oropher saw the aborted gesture, he made no sign. I fear my time here grows short, Thranduil. If you remember nothing else of our conversation, I want you to remember this. There is always hope. There is always hope, son. Even when things seem most dire. I can make you no promises that your sons will return to you or that the Greenwood will not fall to the Shadow. The fate of the entire world hangs by such a slender thread. But as long as you can fight, you have hope. Your people look to you, Thranduil. You are their King. You have ruled wisely, loved devotedly, and fought bravely. You are strong enough to face this. You are my son. You are Thranduil Oropherion, Elvenking. Remember that. You have done well, dear one. You have done very well. More will die, our forests will burn, our kingdom may fall. But not due to the cowardice of the elves or our King. Oropher's ghost drew himself up with this statement, chin lifting proudly. For an instant, Thranduil remembered his Adar in all his martial glory, sword raised high, battle cry on his lips. Then the moment was gone. Oropher grew a touch fainter. I must go now. I wish I could stay with you, but I will see you again on the Blessed Shores, where we will sit together again, and plan and scheme. Vanyar superiority and Noldor pride have nothing on Sindarin cunning, my son. We sHall make a name for ourselves yet. A familiar grin crossed the spectral face. Until then, remember. Oropher, once Elvenking, is proud of you Thranduil Elvenking. And always, always, I love you, my beloved son. I love you. The apparition glided closer, reaching out a translucent hand. Thranduil closed his eyes at the warm, solid touch against his cheek. A calloused thumb gently stroked along his cheekbone, catching the tears that spilled over at the long-missed caress. "Adar," he murmured. The hand stroked along his head, finally gripping the nape of his neck. He felt the brush of a kiss against his forehead. Then it was gone. Thranduil opened his eyes, searching. The clearing was empty. He was alone. "Adar!" he called, turning in a circle, searching for one last glimpse. There was nothing. "Adar," more desperately. With a cry, he fell to his knees at the base of his tree. Their tree. "Adar, don't go. Please don't go. Please. . .," he whispered brokenly. "Adar. . . Ada! Ada, come back!" A cry stifled for centuries, since an Adar Invincible fell to a sword-thrust by a misshapen abomination from the depths of Shadow. Remember . One last hushed whisper echoed through the glade. Thranduil knelt there in the silence, his mournful tears finally tapering off. Despite the grief and loss that seemed fresh once again, there was a curious peace deep within him. His Adar was proud of him. His King was proud of him. He wiped the tear tracks from his face and rose to his feet. With a brusque movement, he brushed the leaves and dirt from his knees. Deft fingers gathered his hair, quickly re-braiding it into order. Making sure all was in order, he took a deep breath, held it for a moment, releasing it in a long sigh. He squared his shoulders, raised his chin, then strode confidently through the clearing. Just as he entered the treeline, he paused. Turning on his heel, he returned several steps, crouching to pluck his leafy crown from the forest floor. A finely-boned hand straightened the bent leaves, then settled the crown firmly on his head. A last nod to the tree and he disappeared into the forest. Thranduil traveled the well-worn path with ground-eating strides. He had shed his self-pity with the last of his tears. His Adar was right, of course. They may not be able to prevent their fall, but only they could decide the manner of their end. Knowing his people as he did, they would stand and defend until the breath left their bodies. As would his sons. As would he. And who knows, they might just win. There was, indeed, always hope. And he had a job to do. As he reached the carved doors to his Hall, his heavy cloak in place, he looked upwards, then laughed. The pall of smoke had parted for the moment, and high above, the stars shone down upon Mirkwood and Thranduil Oropherion, Elvenking. THE END