much thought.' He admitted and hesitated before making his decision. 'I shall go.' He agreed gravely. 'Although… I do not know the way.' Gandalf smiled at the halfling. 'Well Frodo, I can help you there my lad.' He stood up and placed a hand on the hobbit's shoulder. Aragorn stood. 'By my life or death, if I can protect you, I will.' He proclaimed, walking to Frodo and kneeling. 'You have my sword.' Then he rose and stood behind him. 'That is three, but what of the others I wonder?' Lord Elrond said. 'There should be representatives from all of the free peoples of Middle Earth.' He studied the members of the council before him. 'Legolas of Mirkwood.' Lord Elrond looked at an elf sitting far across the circle from him. 'Legolas shall go for the elves.' The elf inclined his head and strode to Frodo. 'You have my bow.' He too, stood and walked to stand with Gandalf the Grey. 'Gimli shall also go,' Lord Elrond gestured to a short and stubby dwarf who sat opposite me. 'For the dwarves.' I caught a look of distain on Legolas' face. Gimli stood and shuffled over to Frodo, bowing deeply to him. 'And my axe.' He promised in a low, gravely voice. 'If this is indeed the will of the council,' Boromir said, standing, 'then Gondor will see it done.' 'Good.' Announced Lord Elrond. 'That is six. I could send for some of the elves of Lorien…' his gaze travelled to me. 'Oy!' said a voice from behind the pots at the entrance of the balcony. 'Mister Frodo ain't going anywhere without his faithful friends!' and at this, three more halflings ran up to the company standing behind Frodo. 'Anyway,' one of the hobbits continued, no doubt trying to justify his position. 'You need people of intelligence on this type of journey…. quest…. thing.' 'Well that rules you out Pip.' Said another, nudging his companion in the ribs. Frodo rolled his eyes. Lord Elrond smiled. 'I was going to send you as messengers to the Shire, but seeing as though you have heard the council anyway, I think that you can go, if only for company for Frodo.' I looked at the company as they stood majestically in front of the council, the hope of the world. Suddenly, I remembered my note. 'Lord Elrond.' I addressed him and he turned to me. 'I wish to accompany them, if only to Lothlorien.' Lord Elrond considered my request for a moment, and then nodded. 'Very well, nine companions to the Ringbearer. You shall be the fellowship of the Ring.' The council bean to end at this point, and once the formalities were said, the people of the council began to head their separate ways. I remained seated, unsure of what to do, and Gandalf came up to me. 'Tonight there will be time for you to meet your companions my lady.' He said. 'But for now, I will show you to your quarters where you can wash and relax until that time.' I nodded in agreement and followed as he led me again through the maze of passageways. As we reached a more secluded part of Rivendell, we began to pass many doors, all of which looked the same, until Gandalf stopped at one of them. I didn't look forward to finding this door for myself. We walked inside the room, a soft cream colour, decorated with stirring landscape paintings. An archway led to a small balcony, and another door opened into a small but comfortable bathing room. 'I will leave you to yourself my lady. You have a couple of hours until a maid fetches you. You should find something to wear in the closet.' He gestured to the cupboard in the corner of the room. 'Until then my lady.' He moved towards the door. 'Gandalf,' I stopped him. 'If we are to be companions, you should address me by name.' I smiled and he returned it. 'Very well Evaine. I think you shall be good company.' And with that, he left me to my room. I stood for a moment, unsure of what to do, and then decided to explore the washroom. The bath was already full of steaming hot, lightly scented water, and I chuckled to myself. Rivendell elves. I laughed in my head. Only after I'd stopped laughing did I realise I didn't quite understand why I had. Shrugging, I slipped my clothes off and into the bath, sighing as my tired muscles relaxed in the water. I wondered at this. Why were my legs so sore? As I pondered this, my eyes drifted around the room and fixed on a painting. It was similar to those in my main room, a landscape depicting a beach swathed in a soft, grey light. Seagulls had been captured mid flight, stretching their wings to ride the currents of the air. As I watched, the seagulls started to move, wheeling over the water, now rolling towards the shore. It took me a moment to realise that I was looking upon a memory. Smiling to myself, I licked the salt off my lips. Sitting on the sand was always a sure way to make me relax, and I desperately needed to relax at the moment. I lay back, the sand cushioning me as I breathed the salty air in. ' Evaine!' a voice called, and I turned around and stood up, smiling and waving vigorously to greet the young man running over to me, dressed in a shirt and tan breeches. ' Good morning brother.' I said to him as he tried to tackle me to the sand. I side-stepped gracefully and he landed face-first in the sand. I flopped down next to him. ' Good morning sister.' He returned the greeting affectionately as he sat up and brushed the sand off of his shirt. We watched the waves roll lazily into shore. Then I was staring at the painting once more. \\//\\//\\//\\//