and directly into her brain, successfully blasted away the other part of her skull and delivered a very quick and painless death. Mentally on the other side however, Desiree went back to a moment in her past, when she signed the papers to certify the divorce, and a car waited outside, engine running. She remembered the minutest details. The way the room smelled, musty and filled with dust, the red curtains shut and the mahogany desk she had bought after graduating college chipped and worn at corners and edges. The pen in her hand warm around the tips and where it rested on the webbing between her thumb and index finger. The eyes of her husband as he watched over her shoulder, filled with longing and pain that she ignored mercilessly, the way his cologne smelled, a bitter fragrance that was sharp and clean. His clothing tight as he was puffed in the chest to beg her once again not to leave, and his eyes were puffy from crying for hours. The sound of her mother on the phone as she spoke to her, attempting to talk her out of it while her husband, soon to be ex held the cellphone in his hand. Her mother's shrill voice raking against her senses and pulling at her, attempting to convince her just one last time, not to go. Her fingers tensing and the pressure placed on the pen as she couldn't press hard enough and she signed her name, hours before she would change it and forever stop being this existence that she was assuming. The way she dotted her 'I's with hearts as and then slashed with the crosses that marked 't's' in other areas that required responses. The coolness that then came to her hand as she began to set the pen down, the air still and her world quiet, though her husband crying out to her. She simply blocked him out, and her mother's voice was cut off with a slow snap of the cell phone shutting, and staring pitilessly at the look of defeat that crossed the man she had marrieds' face as she walked past him, not bothering with a second glance. Telling him with a very empty voice, that he had been a good husband, but she was done with the marriage. And it was true, he had never strayed, and he had never fallen. Some people were just born odd, and grew to be odd. Desiree in the end of her life, had turned out to be just one of these kinds of people. Though as the last bits of the memory faded away, and darkness began to sneak it, her last thought was, It was because Alec told ye te be bi with 'im... wassinit? Reality shot through her senses as she found noise erupting into her quiet serenity, the sound of people yelling and arguing. The darkness that had occurred was pierced with light, causing her eyes to water and a visible flinch to come to her. She recalled the swift sound of the gunfire from the silencer, but as her vision returned she stood not in just a courtyard, but surrounded by men. They quieted immediately though upon her appearance, though to her she would not know just how she seemed to 'appear.' They would say it was out of thin air, which later would confuse the Irish assassin. For the moment though in the still quiet that pressed down upon her, she stared about, seeing an old man donning a grey crooked hat with a brim, a staff, and a large grey cloak standing next to a boy with large feet and hair amongst them all. She saw men of various sizes and widths, and a few that looked normal, though the clothes they donned were strange, and some with pointed ears. She noted the white stone that spread out and created patterns as she stood on them, and she noted blood dripping down from her hand onto the ground. Following it with an unsure hand, her own gun clattering to the ground as she didn't even notice her dropping it, she followed it by patting it upward to the left side of her head and then looked down as her fingers rested where she was sure the bullet had come out of. No pain ushered from her, and no wound could be found, but the blood still remained. For a few moments, Desiree Jessie Kane stood in the stunned silence that was weighing heavily down on her, stumped stupid, and neglectful of a mind she was surrounded by people who had swords, axes, a staff, and in a few cases, bows. In fact, Desiree Jessie Kane didn't respond to just about anything as they stared at her in amazed and aghast quietness, and she looked back in confusion and puzzlement, as though instead of being killed, she was placed with the most interesting quandary she had ever been given. When one man approached her, the old one with the staff, which by the way she noted, tapped as he moved. She looked up and gave a wince at the light that bore down from the sky behind him, not moving or attempting to grasp her second gun, as would be a usual instinct in a situation where she was surrounded by the armed. In fact, in quite the reverse, she just looked up, stared for a few moments, before he finally opened his mouth and inhaling to speak. Des never got a chance to hear what he was about to ask her, in which having heard it, she may have very well just responded the same way as she was about to. Unfortunately for her spectators though, her eyes rolled into the back of her head and unconsciousness grasped her up once again into its' clutches, the older man not able to ask her anything, and having to catch her unconscious bloody form before she ever hit the ground.