things past, those are completely other matters. I love you as much as you do me, and yet you do not see me demanding you stay within this realm, always going outside the house with a guard." "I am a warrior, it is my duty to defend and to travel." Glorfindel said. "I am a councilor, it is my duty to defend with words and to travel all over Arda." Morwen said. "I am more able to defend myself." Glorfindel argued. "And how do you expect me to learn such a thing if your forbid me the chance to even have the slight opportunity to use what I have been taught?" Morwen asked. "I should stand back and allowed you to be attacked?" "Are you not attacking me right now? Using deliberately cruel words and phrases to injure me as much as you seem to think I injured you." Morwen said. Glorfindel did not have an answer for that. Morwen sighed and came over to him, the tears already drying on her face, "You succeeded in that matter, but you forgot one important part in your battle strategy. I am not so easily dissuaded by your words." "No?" "I know you, Glorfindel. I know when you say something to be deliberately cruel and when you are genuine. This, well, this is your way of letting me go to protect me. It will not work, it never has. You cannot let your guilt from two ages past harm us. You did not open the gates and let in the evil, Glorfindel. You died defending it. You need to let the guilt go." "Morwen, you were not there…." "Oh, but I was Glorfindel. I saw it, do you not remember? " "It is.." "It is not different. And really, Glorfindel, that was a city burned to the grown and destroyed within its own walls. If that was your real reason to protect me, well then, would you not be keeping me anywhere but within the boundaries of Imladris?" Morwen walked up to him, placing her hands on his chin to force him to look at her, "What is between us Glorfindel, it will never end. We have become far too entwined over the years. No words spoken by you in hurt or I in frustration will truly force us apart. If you are feeling stifled than perhaps…" "I am not. I just…" "Fear. You fear, Glorfindel, far too much." Morwen gave him a soft kiss. She stared into his eyes "Trust me, Glorfindel." "I do." Glorfindel said with force. "Then show it. Show that you believe me able, let me do my duty so that you can do yours." Glorfindel smiled weakly, "I do not know if I have the strength for that." "You have no choice." Morwen said. She pulled back and held a hand out. Glorfindel took it, grasping it tightly. "Come," Morwen said, "You are in great need of your rest." Glorfindel gave a tired smile, "I will not sleep, I have been trying." "Yes, but not with me there." Morwen said. "You have lots of work to…" Glorfindel tried to protest. "Eluialeth will jump at the chance to handle my workload for the day." Morwen tugged on his hand, "Let us go." Glorfindel pushed back from the wall and wrapped his arms around Morwen, "I am sorry." "About what?" Morwen asked. Glorfindel sighed, "What I said earlier." "You said something? That is funny, I do not remember you talking much lately." Morwen said. "Morwen, what I just said…." "Oh, I am afraid I went temporarily deaf, because you would never suggest something as nonsensical as ending our relationship." Glorfindel smiled, full of gratitude, "Thank you." Morwen raised a brow and smiled, "For what?" Glorfindel just shook his head and followed Morwen out of the room. Elrohir walked into Morwen's office, stopping as he saw Eluialeth at Morwen's desk. "I take it their talk went well." Elrohir said. "I did not ask. All I know is that Glorfindel is truly sleeping now and Morwen needed someone to do her work as she watched over him." Eluialeth looked back over the letters, "Did Morwen really make Bellion hide?" "Yes, well, she did verbally back him into a corner dressing him down like I have never seen." Elrohir propped himself on top of Morwen's desk, "I think Bellion has learned never to insult orphans in front of Morwen again." Elrohir cocked his head as he studied Eluialeth, "So, when, you and Tirnion talk about squirrels you are really…." "Talking about squirrels." Eluialeth said as she moved onto the next letter. "No, really." Elrohir said. "Squirrels, Elrohir. As in woodland creatures with bushy tails who live in trees." "You are so odd." Elrohir said. "And your twin is so normal with his eavesdropping from tree limbs." Elrohir protested, "I never said my twin was normal." "True. Now, will you let me be so I may work?" Eluialeth asked. Elrohir smiled at her, "I should watch over you, if only to answer any questions you might have." Eluialeth considered this for a moment, "That would be wise. Now, please, be quiet." "Hand me a pencil and a tablet and I will do nothing but draw." Eluialeth shook her head and handed him the asked for items. Elrohir settled back in the chair at Rian's desk as he stared out of the window and started to sketch the trees. A/N 1: So, for some odd reason, I was feeling the inspiration from the Tarot. The major and minor arcana are the division between the two decks, so, that's where the name comes from…though it also comes from the word arcana itself. The card of strength (not reversed) can mean "strength, willpower, compassion, patience, courage, triumph, fortitude." The card usually shows a calm woman standing over a lion, often with her hands on the lions jaw. You just go with that imagery. A/N 2: Thanks to Rian and Nima for the Frost on Glass reviews.