your fault she would tell you." Morwen nodded, "She would." Rian smiled, "Yes, she would. Brutal honesty is certainly Eluialeth's specialty." Eluialeth smiled, "Why Rian, that is the nicest thing you have ever said about me. I am touched." "I just cannot let it…" Rian started. "Go, we know. Do not focus on it, it is in the past. It is over and done with and has probably been written into song. Focus on the future, your marriage once Elladan finally grows a spine, and how you do not want to stutter your vows when you happen to catch Lady Galadriel or Lord Celeborn's eye during them." Morwen said. Rian scoffed, "Oh, that makes me feel so very much better. A future I may possibly never have and if I did I am now picturing it as a Stuttering Rian-Mouse." "Bad plan there, Morwen." Eluialeth said. "She is focusing on something else now." Morwen protested. "Morwen does have a point." Tirnion agreed. Eluialeth laughed, "It is a lovely image." Rian nodded, started to giggle and then covered her mouth as she made such a childish sound. Morwen started to laugh at her, Eluialeth and Tirnion joining them, the musical sound of elvish laughter filling the room. The Council had ended and all had exited the room in silent dignity, though Morwen and Eluialeth had both seen the banked fury in the gazes of many. Elrond had immediately ordered the twins to the seek out the Rangers, Berenon and Tirnion, after having a few choice words to say about Curunir had ridden back to Mirkwood, both looking as if they hoped to come across a band of orcs to take out their ire on. Gildor, with a shaking head, had gathered his people and started to make their next pass to the Grey Havens. "What has happened?" Rian asked, "Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn have said nothing. They seemed almost resigned as they rode off." "Elrond and my father as well." Eluialeth agreed, "though Mithrandir has been smoking on that horrid pipe all night, and Cirdan with him!" Morwen sighed, "I shall go ask Glorfindel." "Are you sure that is wise?" Rian asked. Morwen nodded, "He may need to speak with someone and Erestor and Elrond, they are too close." Morwen made her way to the practice fields, following the stringed lamps that been moved to light up the private archery range. Morwen smiled as she saw the newest piece of artwork covering the target. Glorfindel looked up as he heard her approach. "Did they send you to gather information?" "Well, none of us were quite ready to brave the pipe weed." Morwen said. Glorfindel laughed, "Mithrandir is unique." "As is Cirdan." Morwen agreed. Glorfindel put down his bow at that, "Cirdan?" Morwen smiled, "Yes, Cirdan." "Ah, sailors." "What happened?" Morwen asked. "Do you want to know? You might be tempted to do some of your own target practice and frankly, I do not think Elrond is of the right mind to heal whomever you hurt." "What happened?" Morwen repeated, ignoring the slight tease. "Mithrandir proposed an attack on Dol Guldur…" Glorfindel started as he notched an arrow, "As anyone with sense would do." Morwen said as Glorfindel took his position. "Curunir, the leader," Glorfindel said as he pulled back, "overruled him." Glorfindel let the arrow go. The impact was so intense the arrow passed completely through the target. Morwen raised a brow, "Well, I can understand the anger and frustration at the sheer stupidity of such a decision but really, Glorfindel, the point of the target is to stop the arrow." Glorfindel sighed, "I'll retrieve it in the morning." "You could have killed an owl." Morwen said. "I think we would have known. Thandrog tends to sense when animals in this realm are hurt. He has warned them away from the ranges. Furthermore, if an owl was that low to the ground, I may have just saved a poor mouse." Glorfindel said. "Indeed." Morwen watched as Glorfindel moved to the target, taking off the drawing of Curunir. "What is Mirkwood going to do?" she asked. Glorfindel shook his head, "Berenon seems to think his father will fortify the borders. He is ordering more trading and collecting of jewels in order to pay off some of the human settlements and, of course, for his own pleasure." Glorfindel gathered his bow and quiver, reaching out for Morwen's hand. "Come inside and help me come up with advice for our Mirkwood friends." "I do not know much about battles." Morwen said with a smirk. "But you have been doing research for Elrond on many things the Mirkwood elves have to face." Glorfindel said. "True." Morwen walked in step with Glorfindel, "Did I tell you about Rian's new title?" Glorfindel smiled down on her, "No. I assume there is a pleasant story to go with it." "Certainly." "Then do tell, for I am in much need of the laughter." Glorfindel pulled Morwen closer to his side as they walked into the House, for once not caring about who was watching. A/N 1: If there is a delay in updating, it's b/c I have a friend visiting from Nov. 6-12, so there probably won't be an update next week. We shall see. A/N 2: Nima , as I told Renna, it never gets boring for me! I love to read the reviews, truly. And I figure, if the elves can sing songs and laugh when the One Ring is in their realm (which, ok, some would not know) but also with the Nine Riders so close to their home (which they probably did know) then they have to find some good in all of the bad. Anneri , I left you a reply on the lj, but in case you didn't see it, trust me, the series is not over, just that one little story. And really I was being a little whiny the other night, so yeah. But, thank you for the review, nonetheless.