"Thranduil, may you tell us what path we take?" Thranduil nodded, turning back to their original direction. "We travel back to Lake-town. I will show Bard the closest hunting ground to his home. The best game to find this time of year are deer, as I'm sure you know, though you may find a moose along the way." "Rabbits are also a good choice, if you are desperate." Balanauth said. "There are other small-game animals, though I am more familiar with those in my homeland." "Former homeland," Thranduil interrupted, "or do I need to tell Tollureth you are planning to run back to Elrond's good graces before the year is out." "Former homeland, then." Balanauth said. "It will take me some time to break such a habit." "How long have you dwelt here?" Bard asked. "Officially?" Balanauth asked. "Only a few months." Balanauth pulled his pack higher on his back, "But I have spent may decades living in the King's Halls." "Is it different from where you lived?" Bard asked, hoping to focus on something other than how cold he felt. He knew little of elven realms, he heard there was one group who lived in trees and another who built ships. "I do not know if you can even compare Rivendell and Mirkwood." Balanauth said. There was a wistful look on his face, "Winter is not so harsh there, no ice to stop the loud noise of the river and the waterfalls. You never know who will come by for a visit, or what realm they will come from. More than one elf of legend lives in Elrond's home, not even including Elrond himself. I do not have the words to describe it Bard, I am afraid it is something you must see with your own eyes." Bard ducked his head, "I doubt that will be a possibility." "Never rule it out; if any group of elves willingly makes contact with the Race of Men, it is them. The Dunedain are descended from the twin brother of Elrond Half-Elven, and there is a certain need they feel to watch after Men." Thranduil said. He pointed to an object in the distance, "Who is that elderly man?" Bard walked over to Thranduil, his legs starting to seize up from the cold. He could see no man in the distance, only a spot shuffling along the ground. "He looks to be gathering fallen tree limbs." Balanauth said, raising a hand over his eyes to peer into the horizon. "He is too old to be out in such weather on his own." "It must be the Old Man of the Mountain." Bard said, ordering his body to stop its chills. "He is a poor man who lives on the borders of the land, between the forest and the mountains. He has no trade the people know of and the Master of Lake-town did not allow him to cross into the city. I must confess, I did not think him to still be living." "Balanauth, what do we have in your pack?" Thranduil asked. "More than enough food to leave with the elderly man," Balanauth said, "it should last him for a fortnight or so until we can bring more." "How far does he live from here?" Thranduil asked Bard. "A league or so." Bard replied. Thranduil sighed, "And he walked this far looking for supplies." The Elvenking shook his head, "We must assist him. I cannot in good conscious leave him to Winter's mercy." Balanauth nodded, walking in front of Thranduil at a faster pace, before taking to a run. Soon the elf was far beyond Bard's sight. "You are still cold, Bard." Thranduil replied, resting a hand on his shoulder. "I must confess, Elvenking, I do not think I can walk much more in this weather, even with your elven cordial to warm me." Bard was ashamed to admit it, but he knew when it was time to speak the truth. "Tell me, Bard, if you saw that old man on your way, what would you do?" Thranduil asked. "Help him." Bard answered. "The Master of Lake-town was not a man of good character; he had no right to expel those in need. We are all in need at this time. Who am I to say the people of Lake-town are better than him?" Thranduil clapped Bard's shoulder. "You will make a fine ruler one day, Bard. You know that when it comes to your people nothing separates the peasant from the king when we are in need. Remember, Bard, the best thing a ruler can do is to remember those who are not so blessed, and to help them, if you desire to find any good fortune of your own." Thranduil began to walk, "Follow in my footsteps, Bard, and you will find what you need in order to walk on." Bard watched the Elvenking march on, confused by his words. The wind blew again, causing his teeth to shatter and his body to shake. He sighed, breath misting in the air, and took his first step forward. There were no footprints where Thranduil walked, but there was a visible dint in the snow. As his foot came down, Bard was shocked to feel heat suffuse his body. He stepped forward with his other foot, and still felt warmth, as if it rose up from the very ground. It was too warm to be a natural act, the snow would have melted from such warmth. He studied Thranduil's strong back, head carried high and hands held out to catch the snow. The Elvenking said nothing of the use of his magic, appeared to be wasting no energy in its making. Bard shook his head again, wondering why he did not remember the Elvenking's penchant for teaching two lessons at once. Bard strode forward boldly. He would follow in the Elvenking's steps, at least where it mattered most. Bard never was a great admirer of jewels. Bows, however, were another matter.