with the pressure it will help with the swelling." He stood and went to fetch a saddle. When he returned to her side, Audra lifted up her leg and he placed the saddle to where her calf would rest upon the seat. "This should make it easy to keep it up while you sleep." She snorted. "Who says I'll be sleeping tonight?" Éomer looked up at her from reapplying the bandage to her injured ankle. "You need your rest, Audra. We still have two more days before we make it to your white city." When she didn't respond, Éomer paused in his wrapping. "What is it?" She met his eyes but her gaze quickly fell. She hesitated. Should she tell this near stranger of the seemingly trivial things that kept her awake at night? No. He would not care. Not really. "It's nothing." "You're a terrible liar, Audra." He finished the wrap and moved to sit beside her against the wall again. "Come. Tell me what is troubling that pretty little head of yours." She looked at him, shocked. Pretty? Her? Surely it was just a slip of the tongue. "I am sorry." This time, it was he who dropped his gaze, embarrassed. "That was out of line. Forgive me." She shook her head. "There is nothing to forgive." Eomer breathed a sigh of relief. They sat in silence again, each lost in their own thoughts. Suddenly, Audra spoke. "Nightmares. More or less." Éomer sent a quizzical look her way. "That is what has been keeping me up. For nearly two weeks." She sighed heavily. "Both of my brothers have gone off to protect the boarders of Gondor against Mordor's forces. I fear our father has sent them to their deaths. Faramir, anyway. Boromir has always been the soldier. Faramir would spend hours in the vaults, studying the history of our land. The only way he would study sword work and archery is when our father would force him. It's not that he's bad, so don't think he is, it's just that it's not where his heart truly lies. He never wanted to join the Rangers, but he had always wanted to win our father's love. Boromir is the only one Lord Denethor has ever loved," Audra stated at Éomer's glance. "Every night since they left for their posts, I have dreamt of their deaths. I always see Boromir falling in the woods, pierced by many arrows and Faramir falls while charging into Osgiliath in a vain attempt to reclaim the broken city. It is always the same, one after the other, repeatedly during the night. I have gotten to where I barely sleep at all." Éomer began to see how she had blacked out for so long. Whatever had caused the young woman to flee the White City must have given her the break she needed, although it resulted in her passing out on her horse. It was probably a good thing Théoden had sent him when he did. Who knows what would have happened to the girl if she had been forced to walk back to Minas Tirith. Orcs were beginning to show their ugly faces around these parts. "My real father, the Steward of Gondor cast me out when I was just a child. Only a few days ago did I discover why. He said he had no need for a daughter. He claimed that I would grow up to be nothing more than a nuisance and he wanted no part of it. The man who raised me never kept my true identity a secret from me. I always knew growing up that Faramir and Boromir were my brothers and that Denethor was my father. I just never knew, or understood why I was raised by a different man. When I confronted Lord Denethor about it, he told me that he already had a worthless son, referring to Faramir, and that he wanted no part of raising a worthless girl. He knew I would never amount to much. I was more angry at the fact that he called my brother worthless than the fact that that is how he sees me. I began to yell at him, which in hindsight was probably a bad idea, but I didn't care at that point. He had me thrown out of the Great Hall. I ran all the way down to the stable, past the man that I consider my real father, and against his protest, I saddled up Hravan and fled. I guess I blacked out at some point. You know the rest." Éomer sat in silence long enough for Audra to begin regretting that she had said anything. "I am sorry." He spoke quietly. "Sorry for what?" she asked. "For what you have had to deal with. I can not begin to imagine." "I just keep telling myself that that's all they are. Nightmares. That they won't come true. That I am worrying for nothing. Thank you for listening. I think I feel-" Her speech was cut off suddenly with a great yawn. "I feel better. Thank you for letting me get that out. And for not interrupting." He smiled warmly. His eyes glistened as the smile reached them. "You're welcome. I know what it is like to want to talk but no one will listen." He laid a hand on her shoulder. "Now, try and get some rest. You need your strength." Audra lay down and pulled her blanket up to her chin. She was asleep almost instantly. For the first time in weeks, she had a nightmare free night. A/N: I may have made Denethor a tad bit OOC. But I needed him to be a bit meaner towards Audra. Yes, I do realize that Éomer would not be traveling alone either but that is what worked for my story. Please don't be too terribly picky please on the details like that. I just found what worked for what I am doing and went with it.