miles unknown, uphill simply to see you and all I get is grief. If I wanted such treatment, I'd have gone to Glorfindel." Morwen gave him a dark look, "I have missed you and I would hug you but then I would be spreading the proof of my sloppy writing all over your clean clothes. Now, if you will excuse me." Morwen moved past him. "Morwen?" Tirnion asked. Morwen sighed and turned around. She gave him a chaste kiss, "I am glad you are here." "I am honored." Tirnion told her, "but you might want to tuck your necklace in." Morwen looked down, "Damn. Thank you Tirnion, you are a gift." Tirnion shook his head at her and finished cleaning up her desk, "I shall see you at the feast." He yelled after her. TA 490 Tirnion walked with Morwen on one side and Merileth on the other. The gardens looked ethereal covered in snow and under the moonlight. "Did you both enjoy the night?" Morwen asked. Merileth nodded, "Yes. Elrohir is a very spirited dancer, though I was a little confused when he was thrown into my father by Glorfindel." Tirnion shook his head, "Tradition." Morwen laughed, "Yes, that tradition is of a wholly different kind. And you, Tirnion?" "I fear Rian has worn me out, I should have left her with Elladan." Tirnion shook his head, "You would think she never had a chance to dance." "You did see Elladan dance?" Morwen asked. "I did and he did quite well with you." Tirnion said. "Yes, well, he learned with me and I do not make him nervous. He dances well with Arwen, they are always a sight to see, others tend to stop dancing so as to watch them." "Truly?" Merileth asked. Morwen nodded, "Though, Elladan does always look like a chastised elfling when dancing with his mother and grandmother. It is the only good thing I can say about going to LothLorien, seeing the twins dance with their grandparents." "They dance with Lord Celebron?" Merileth asked, clearly surprised. "Of course they do." Morwen said as she reached a hand out to trace a pattern in the snow, "They normally dance with their father as well, but I fear Elrond did not want your father to see him dance a true jig. It is quite an experience." "That humorous?" Tirnion asked as he tried to picture the stoic Lord of Imladris hiking up his heavy robes to do such a dance. Morwen smiled, "Quite heart-warming, actually. No, humorous is when the twins get drunk on dwarven ale and lead each other in a group dance, Glorfindel leading them all. Though, those have been forbidden sine the last instance resulted in a small bonfire and many elves dancing nude under the full moon in plain sight of our human inhabitants." Tirnion and Merileth stared at Morwen. Morwen grimaced, "I probably shouldn't have said that." Merileth broke off from Tirnion's side, "I must go tell mother this!" She gave a small curtsy to Tirnion and Morwen as she hurried off. Tirnion followed her with his eyes until she was in the house. "Was that a true story or an attempt to get Merileth away?" Tirnion asked, Morwen clearly having sensed his own sadness at another Mid-Winter gone by and nothing but a smile from Merileth. "A little of both." Morwen admitted, "The story is quite true. Erestor went on and on about it for weeks after the event and the complaints that had poured into his office. Lord Elrond, bless him, could not even enforce punishments because he was far too amused. As for getting Merileth away, well, consider it your Mid-Winter gift." "I quite like the dagger you bestowed upon me, that was gift enough." Tirnion said. "Then it was a simple act of friendship. Though, I thank you for the books and the very beautiful hair clasp, I have never had something quite like it before." Tirnion shrugged, "I knew you would enjoy the books, the hair clasp was just something I saw while searching for Merileth's gift. I thought it would contrast well in your dark hair." Tirnion studied the chain on Morwen's neck, "Lady Laeriel was correct, that is a different chain." Morwen froze, a smile on her face. "Oh, yes, it is a new necklace." She delicately pulled it out and show the pendant, a nicely wrought blue and gold flower. "Who gave this to you?" "Glorfindel." She answered. "Does it mean anything?" Tirnion asked, wondering why a simple necklace would catch Laeriel's attention and Glorfindel's sudden need for her silence. "It is a vow fulfilled and one yet left open," Morwen took a breath, "one day I may explain the whole story to you. Suffice to say, Glorfindel has made a decision." "He was with Tharien tonight." Tirnion said. "Yes, he was. You will see if he is or not tomorrow." Morwen smiled. "Now, let us talk of what you shall do tomorrow being relieved of all of your duties." TA 2764 Tirnion smiled to himself as he remembered that first Mid-Winter in Imladris, bittersweet upon retrospect now that Merileth was off and married and Rian and Elladan were just now taking a chance on their relationship again when, by all accounts, they should have been at the least betrothed by now. The twins had been so innocent, so full of youthful ignorance, now a darkness in their eyes, in all of their eyes. Tirnion pulled the door to Morwen's office shut and made his way towards the Hall of Fire, drawn in by the sound of laughter and music. While his first Mid-Winter in Imladris was bittersweet, it was not his most memorable, or his most happy, or even his most misery filled one. No, those were to come in later years. A/N 1: This story will have four chapters, all from Tirnion's point of view. A/N 2: Triss and Renna, since I can't e-mail the thanks, thank you both for the reviews.