completely trust him to return, and Legolas certainly didn't blame them. But his mind, and more importantly, his heart were now set on returning to Aragorn. Resolved in his choice, yet still bearing his heartache and guilt, he met the twins again in the morning and they set out away from Mirkwood. Upon leaving the forest Legolas felt free again. Mirkwood had always been his refuge…until he'd let himself get lost in it and leave everything else behind. He knew there'd be times in the future when he'd miss the peaceful green woods, but missing Mirkwood could never be as painful as missing Aragorn. Two nights into their journey they stopped on the edge of a small wood and let their horses rest. Halfway into the night the sound of approaching horses roused the three elves from their rest. Before they could even say anything, one of the two riders leapt down from their horse and removed their hooded cape. "Arwen?" Elrohir gasped in surprise. "What are you doing here?" Elladan asked. He quickly sensed that something bad had happened. The look in her eyes betrayed the calmness she seemed to be trying to hold onto. She glanced briefly into the eyes of both of her brothers before looking past them. Her eyes filled with tears at the sight of her friend and she quickly thanked the Valar that her brothers had found him. "Legolas…I've missed you," she murmured, her tears now glistening in the moonlight as they slipped off her cheeks. The blonde, near tears himself, stepped forward and reached out to embrace her. Arwen hugged him back, smoothing her fingers over the soft, pale hair of the wayward elf. "I've missed you too," he whispered, wondering how he could have ever been jealous of her. "What are you doing here?" He asked, echoing her brother's words. They pulled apart and looked into each other's eyes. She looked back and forth between Legolas and her brothers, who had now moved to stand next to him. "You had to have left soon after we did to get this far so quickly," Elladan said, watching her closely. She nodded. "Three days after you left," she confirmed, her eyes now fixed only on Legolas. "I sent them out to find you," she said softly. "He's miserable without you," she went on, her voice trembling slightly. She could see plainly that Legolas was suffering already, but there was nothing she could do to prevent the sting she knew her words would cause. "And recently he's been worried…petrified in fact that something happened to you. He…" she paused for a moment, taking a deep breath and forcing herself to remain calm. "He's been afraid that you might have been injured or captured by orcs or…dead," she continued, watching as pain and guilt flickered in Legolas' eyes. But he didn't say a word, waiting for what he now assumed was bad news. Something had to have happened to make her ride out looking for him. "That's why…" she paused again, squeezing her eyes shut and reaching out to grasp Legolas' hand in her own. "Orcs were reported near the river the day Elladan and Elrohir left for Mirkwood. Aragorn left with Faramir and several soldiers…there was a small battle and he was…shot with an arrow. It was poisoned…" Legolas went completely pale, his eyes widening in shock and pain. He would have fallen to the ground had Elladan not reached out to steady his swaying form. Trying to deny her words, he shook his head, squeezing the queen's hand tightly. Already, he assumed the worst. "My fault," he whispered, his body trembling. "No," Arwen replied quickly, releasing his hand and cupping his face in her palms. "They brought him back and I helped heal the wound. There's no poison left and his fever broke," she said softly, trying to reassure him. "So he's fine then?" Elrohir asked. Still looking only at Legolas, Arwen shook her head. "He won't wake up," she said. "Everything seems fine. There's absolutely no reason for him not to be healing…but he's not. He's not getting any worse, but he's not getting better either. That's why I came looking for you…" she said, her face filled with concern. "Legolas, his heart is broken. He needs you," she whispered. Legolas wanted to cry but the tears wouldn't fall; he didn't let him. He didn't deserve the luxury of tears. "Can we leave now?" He asked, his voice barely audible, his eyes downcast. The only thought in his mind now was to be with Aragorn, to help Aragorn. Wisely, he pushed all of his feelings of guilt, fear and sadness to the back of his heart, needing, for now, to concentrate only on the man he loved. "I'll leave now with Legolas," Elladan said to Arwen. "You should rest a bit before returning, and Elrohir can stay with you," he added, surprised when she nodded and didn't immediately argue. Normally she always challenged her brothers' over-protectiveness, but tonight she cared only for the situation at hand. "Watch over him," Arwen whispered as she quickly embraced her brother, referring to Legolas. As much as she was worried about Aragorn, she was just as worried for the elf. "I'm sorry…" Legolas whispered when Arwen turned to face him once more. She smiled softly and shook her head. "There will be time for your explanations and apologies later," she murmured, reaching out to clasp his hand again. "Be strong for him now. I know how much you love him…that's what he needs now." Legolas nodded and squeezed her hand, silently thanking her. Arwen watched, her heart suddenly lighter than it had been in days, as Legolas rode away with Elladan. She still wasn't sure what the elf's exact reasons were for having stayed away so long, but she didn't doubt his love for Aragorn. And she knew that with the elf's presence and his love, her husband would quickly awake from his slumber of heartache. tbc..