them both. Sam grabbed her waist and held her there, while Rosie leaned forward and put her hands on his chest. She bit her lip hard, and blood trickled down it. She pushed up once more, before sitting down again. This time her hymen broke, and she screamed out in a mix of pain, pleasure and passion. Sam groaned under her, and reached around to grasp her hips. "Oh my," she gasped, as she slowly began to ride him. Her movements began slowly, as she got used to the heat and pleasure, which was painful in a way, but soon she began speeding it up, and was soon riding like a pro. Sam gasped and savored the moment. He felt himself close to coming, but he forced it back, and continued the glorious sex. But a few minutes later he couldn't fight it any longer. "Rose," he murmured. "I can't help it..." She smiled at him, clearly understanding. She removed herself from the situation by lifting her left leg and swiveling sideways. She grabbed his cock with her fingers, and began circling it, making suggestive motions, and eventually putting her tongue to it. A few seconds later, Sam came, squirting onto her face, resulting in a gasp of appreciation from Rose, who wiped her face with a hand, before licking it clean. "Wonderful, Sam," she said quietly, her voice filled with passion. "I think you're spent, though." Sam had to agreed. He felt worn out, and he didn't know if he could go another round. Rosie solved the problem. "Frodo, your turn," she said softly, pointing her ass cat-like in his direction. He rose instantly, and hurried over to the bed. Sam got up and exchanged places, sitting naked in the chair Frodo had left. Rose pulled Frodo down on top of her, and he latched onto her breasts. He lapped at them, twirling his tongue around her hardened tits, making her throw her head back and buck slightly. "Oh…. oh yes….." she moaned. Frodo took it in his teeth, and bit down slightly, extracting a scream of pleasure from Rose. He wound his tongue around it for a few seconds, before pulling back. He grabbed Rosie around the waist and pulled her forward and onto her back, placing himself directly in position to take her. She gasped in surprise at his daring, but when he plunged into her, she screamed in passion. "Yes! Yes! Oh great Bullroarer Took!" Frodo ground his teeth against the bliss, and began thrusting harder and harder, so that she was grasping the blankets. Frodo still held her waist as he plunged deeper into her. He felt himself welling up inside, and quickly pulled out. He didn't want to become a father while walking in distant lands. But he ejaculated the moment he pulled himself out, splattering her stomach. She laughed and rolled over onto her stomach, which unfortunately covered the blanket with his juice. I bet Lobelia will like that, he thought. He flopped down next to Rose, and looked at her. She smiled and kissed him. Sam flopped down on her other side, and she rolled over on top of him, pressing her breasts against his chest. Sam kissed her passionately, before moving his lips down to her neck. She groaned and pulled him closer. He bit it in places with his teeth, and kissed it tenderly in others. Eventually he pulled back, and planted another kiss on her lips. She sighed in pleasure, and rolled off of him, landing on her back between the two males. She looked at each of them in turn. "Well, that was wonderful. Thank you two." Sam and Frodo just grinned at each other. "I think I'm ready to cross Middle-earth, Mr. Frodo," said Sam breathlessly. "I think I am too," replied Frodo. Rosie glanced back and forth between the two of them. "Well, I suppose I'll give you one last parting gift." She rolled on top of Frodo and sat up on his stomach. She edged up, until she sat on his chest. Frodo's eyes gleamed. She scooted even further up, sitting above his neck. "Take me with your tongue, Mr. Baggins," she said quietly, and edged up onto his face. He grunted in surprise, but Rose quickly felt his tongue caress her from below, so he evidently obeyed. Sam rolled over, looking in amazement at the facesitting act currently being displayed. She noticed him. You're next, she mouthed, and he nodded absently. Sam laid down next to Frodo, ready for whenever she wished to switch. It came quickly. Soon she lifted one leg and swung it across, landing on Sam's neck. She pushed back, and pressed her ass into his face. His tongue shot out, and he licked her for all he was worth. She groaned in pleasure, and began slowly bouncing. It did hurt Sam, but in only good ways. He felt her grasp his penis, and she slowly masturbated him. In only a matter of minutes he felt himself growing close to coming, and she evidently could sense it too, for she tugged harder, and he felt himself come, his juices cascading down over her hand, accompanied by a sigh of contentment from Rose. But in that moment Sam felt a sadness welling inside of him. He could get used to this, but they were to depart soon for Buckland, and then Rivendell beyond. He forced himself to savour this one moment, as it would likely be the last of this kind. With Rose, at least. He licked her harder, making her cry out in pleasure. This is the life, he thought. Okay, this is my first pornfic, as I call it, so all feedback is highly appreciated. Should I be a bit more descriptive of the actual act? Or is it good the way it is? Thank you all for reading! Next up will be Goldberry, I believe. I might get the four hobbits involved this time! Stay awesome everyone! - Rohirric