you. I think you should dye it that color. It's pretty and very becoming on you." Legolas just glared at him. "Somebody mentioned giving me a mohawk. I don't know what that is, but I'm very glad they didn't do it to me. I have the feeling it would be very bad. Well, there's nothing GOOD they do in that place, so it would have to be bad. Someone or something would have died in there if they would have touched my braids!!" "Oh, you asked how many times?" Legolas continued. " Well, I kind of lost count somewhere between 400 to 500. I guess they just like me...or not." "I've been kidnapped for ransom, for revenge, held as a hostage for leverage, for slavery, for some lady's mate, for some guy's personal...never mind. And each time I've been tortured. A lot." "Yes, never mind, Legolas. Let's not get into all that. This last one is enough for me to hear about, and I've just about had enough of this. Is that all then, Legolas? Are you done?" "Well, yes and no. I can't remember everything, I was in agony and mental anguish for three weeks, you know, wondering when you were going to come and get me out of there. I had this silly notion that when you first got to the castle you might be outside smoking and relaxing before you stormed the gates and came in to rescue me. Isn't that crazy?" "Yes, of course, I would never do something like that and make my friend wait and suffer needlessly. What would make you think such a thing?" Aragorn said to him, trying to hide his guilty face from Legolas, but not doing a very good job. "Uh, huh," Legolas replied glaring at him. "So, Legolas, you aren't feeling very well, huh?" he stated, trying to quickly change the subject. "Not at all, Aragorn." "I guess that would explain all the screaming on this trip, huh?" "Yes, it does, actually." "Ok, we need to get you cleaned up, Legolas." Legolas sighed and smiled contentedly. Finally Aragorn was going to help heal him. The great Ranger, Aragorn the healer. He knew he would live if Aragorn was taking care of him. His fellow wanderer, fighter, hunter and best friend. What would he do without him? He figured that Aragorn had just been grumpy because he'd had a bad day, and was concerned about his friend being with those maniacal orcs. Aragorn helped him off with his tunic. "What is this? He asked as he held the shirt up by two fingers, not wanting to touch it. This is not a garment. I don't even think it's fabric," he said as he threw it away as far as he could. "Hey, that was my nicest and only tunic. Go bring that back!!" "I don't think so. It's garbage, now." Suddenly, Aragorn picked Legolas up, swung him around; which earned him more groans and moans and a little screaming right in his ear; walked to the lake, and threw him in, leggings, boots and all. "There!" Aragorn yelled at Legolas, who was in so much pain after that, that he couldn't move or speak. "Sorry if the water's cold, Legolas, but you need a bath to clean yourself up, so take one. And you look really bad, so make it a long one." He walked over to his pack, took out a bar of lye soap, walked back to the lakeshore, and tossed it to the Elf, hitting him in the head again. "Here, this should help!" "Thank you so much, Aragorn!" Legolas managed to squeak out. 'So much for the awesome Aragorn healing,' he thought. "Don't mention it!" Aragorn yelled back. Legolas did as good a job as he could considering the amount of excrutiating pain he was in. "Come on back, Legolas, and I'll look at your injuries," Aragorn called to him. Legolas limped as quickly as he could from the shore to the tree. He sat down, leaned up against it, and Aragorn looked him over. "Well, yes, you do look bad. Unfortunately I don't have any bandages, and you bled all over my pack anyway, which I told you not to do. So if we had had any bandages, we still wouldn't have any, would we." "But," Aragorn said as he rummaged through his pack, "I do have this I can give you. Here, have a band-aid. You have a bad cut right there on your arm. That should help you some." "Thanks Aragorn." Legolas sounded very down-hearted, as he took the band-aid and covered his wound. "There. Good as new. Now you are all cleaned up. Drippy and wet, but clean. And bandaged. We should probably be leaving." "Yes, we need to find a doctor for me. I could die, Aragorn." "Yes, that's true. Ok, let's wander around until we find a doctor. I've no idea where we are, remember?" Aragorn looked at Legolas' face. He looked sad and disappointed. "Ok, fine. I'll do what I can. I'm not completely heartless." Aragorn and Legolas grinned at each other, as Aragorn removed his own tunic, ripped it up, and wrapped his friends' wounds and breaks up as well as he could. He stopped the bleeding and suitured the wound he'd made to stop the internal bleeding. He gave him some healing and some painkilling herbs and they were on their way. "Thank you so much, Aragorn. You saved my life." "Well, I told you that it is my lot in life to drag you around and save you all the time. You can be such an annoyance sometimes, Legolas." "Yes, as can you. And I wasn't thanking you for the treatment." "Oh, Legolas, I'll always be your friend and look after you," Aragorn smiled, "after all you are my best friend. "Really?" Legolas asked him, with raised brows. "Ok, but that's not what I meant, either. I was just thanking you for the band-aid." THE END