I just wanted free drinks on my birthday," He said, nudging his side. "Well then. I suppose I will just have to buy you many drinks tonight, birthday girl." "I suppose you will. How was your day?" He sighed, "Busy, a lot to do at work, but I finished most of it, so tomorrow should be better." He took her around a corner and pointed across the street, "That's the place. Want to go in?" It was a normal pub, like any other you could find in this neighbourhood of Dublin. It looked reasonably busy and it had a steady flow of people entering and exiting. "Lead the way," She replied and he laughed. They stepped off the curb and quickly made their way across the street and into the pub. Inside the pub was warm, but cooling off from the hot June day. The pub was old, had wooden booths and an old worn bar with a smattering of people sitting around it on stools. There was an empty booth by the door to the back alleyway, where they sat. "So, what do you want to drink? I'm buying so I insist you get whatever you want," Ian asked as they sat. "Er, I'll take a whisky sour if you would," She answered. "Ok, I'll be right back with our drinks then," Ian said as he stood to go put their order in at the bar. Angelica waited silently at the table and observed the other patrons. They were mostly men, which she expected. All the patrons looked like they weren't overly wealthy, nor poor either. There were two other women sitting with men at booths or around the bar, they seemed to be quite inebriated already. Ian returned quickly with their drinks and sat down, he had gotten a gin and tonic, "So, I never really knew this. How old are you? You can't be more than thirty-five, although you could pass for someone in their early twenties." She sighed inwardly, "Oh, stop flattering me. I am thirty-one," She lied. "So, how old are you, it's only fair that I know your age when you know mine." Ian laughed, "I'll be thirty-seven in September. So tell me more about yourself, I know you came from Bristol, but I want to know about you. Who the real Angelica Foster is." Angelica cringed at her 'new' last name, "Well, I was born in Bath. My parents passed away shortly after I turned twenty. I worked as a clerk and secretary at a few different places before coming to work here at the hotel," she replied, lying easily. "So what about you. I know you work at one of the banks, but what else should I know." He took a sip of his drink, "Well I grew up a couple hours west of here in a small town. I had seven siblings and it was always hectic, so I saved up for school and got my degree in finances. I moved here about twelve years ago and have been working at the same place and doing the same things ever since." She took another sip of her drink as they talked about the other live-in guests at the hotel. There was the eccentric Mrs. Samuel who lived in 223 and the creepy Mr. Jackson move in to 411 a week after she had started work there. There were also the family that lived in 125 that somehow made as much noise as all the other guests combined. Ian had brought more drinks later on during the night as they talked and Angelica was starting to feel the effects. Her vision was slightly blurry, her body tingled a little, and she was tired. "Ian, I think I should head back home. I'm not used to drinking more than one glass a night and I'm afraid I may have overdone it some," She said, slurring only the end of the sentence. Ian smiled, "Of course we can head back home. Don't feel ashamed that you drank a little bit too much. It's your birthday, you deserve to let loose." She smiled back at him as they made their way outside. It was dark and breezy now, yet still comfortable. Ian had lent her his arm again as they walked down the block. It was probably best that he did so, because her balance wasn't the best. In fact, the closer she got to the hotel the drunker she felt. She couldn't balance well, she was almost seeing double now, and she just wanted to sleep. She wasn't looking where Ian was bringing her. They entered the lobby and took the lift to the fourth floor, not the fifth, where her flat was. He lead her, half carrying, to his flat and opened the door. He set her on the couch. "Ia..n, this issnt my flat." She slurred, barely able to keep her eyes open. "Hush, it's ok," He replied as he lifted her from the couch. She tried to bat him away, but she couldn't move her arms, they were too heavy. 'What was happening, why hadn't he taken me home?' Her mind raced. He set her down in his room and she understood perfectly what was going to happen. 'Oh god no!' She thought. She tried to fight him off, but she was too tired. "HELLP, Someone, Help me!" She screamed, hoping someone would be able to hear her. Ian put his hand over her mouth and whispered in her ear, "Shhhh, you'll enjoy tonight. I promise.." Fear gripped her soul, and the world went black… I hoped you liked it, I hated leaving it as a cliffhanger, but this chapter was getting very, very long already, nearly 5500 words without Author's Notes and stuff. I should have the next chapter published by Tuesday since I have Monday off from work, if not, I'll post the outcome of the cliffhanger as a small chapter/apology for making you wait. Thanks for reading! Enjoy!