room "Legolas! Yes, I am." He lit the candle beside the bed and moved over to me. "Let me hold you, love." I didn't fight the strong arms that folded carefully around me. His face nuzzled my hair, he pushed my head against his shoulder, holding it in place. The sigh he let out was content and strained. His grip kept tightening on me. "Don't ever change. Don't ever stop being you." He whispered. "Always be full of this hope and light." "Aragorn?" "I know, I know. Humour me and promise." "All right." Aragorn's hands snake under the fabric of my tunic. There is no desire for making love tonight. He understands that this is not what I need. He allows his hands to linger on my back. He presses a kiss to the top of my hair. "I love you, Legolas, my beauty." "Do you really?" "Yes! I chose you not Arwen. My love, you keep me strong and allow this kingdom to relax and breathe." "I try. I don't want to disappoint." "You don't. You won't ever." "Please keep telling me that." "I love you, oh Legolas, I love you so much. Eternity is ours." "I love you, Aragorn. I'm so sorry." "Whatever for?" "Everything." For what I'm about to do this night. I know I have to leave. I can't be caged anymore. I have to sort myself out. I have to let Aragorn and Arwen love without me being in the way. Aragorn pulled me over to the bed, lying down on it before arranging me against him. He pulled my head onto his chest, allowing me to move until I was comfortable against him. I pushed my face against his chest, his arm wrapped around my shoulders. Of all the things I believe in I just want to get it over with tears from behind my eyes but I do not cry Counting the days that past me by "Remember that day I told you I loved you?" He asked. I nodded. "I thought you were the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. Watching you sitting there in the moonlight, I fell in love with you over again. I couldn't believe it when you said you loved me. You were so frightened, I could feel you shaking." "I-I thought you'd hate me. I wasn't sure I could cope with that." "Silly elf. I love you. Even if I didn't, you were still my best friend. I wouldn't turn away from you." I held him closer to me. "I love you." "Why are you so unhappy? What's hurting you so much?" "It's nothing, Aragorn. I will work it out." "Alone, of course." "It's the way I've always worked things out. I do not do it to spite you." "I know you don't. But I'm your partner. You're supposed to tell me when you hurt." "I know. Aragorn...you wouldn't keep secrets from me would you?" "Secrets? I'm not keeping anything from you." His voice was so surprised and sincere I almost believed him. "All right. That song upset you. Why? Arwen wouldn't tell me. Will you?" "I only know what Arwen has told me. It's not good that the tress sing that song to you. But you're going to be all right, because I love you and I'm never letting you go. I'm going to love you forever." "You didn't answer my question." "I know, I didn't. But I can't. Just know I love you." "I love you." I repeated I let Aragorn's precense, his body pressed against mine pull me into the realm of dreams. Before I fell, I felt his breath even out. I startled myself awake, leaning up to make sure he was asleep. He was, his breath ghosted across my face, his eyes were moving under his lids. I smiled and pressed my lips to his. "Goodbye, my love. I'll love you for eternity. I pray you find love with Arwen." I slid out from under his arm and left the room. I didn't look back over my shoulder. I had to leave. I made it down to the stables, silently equipping my horse. A young stable boy stumbled over, rubbing bleary eyes. He straightened when he saw me. "Prince Legolas? What are you doing out here?" He asked I said nothing, reaching an arm to press my fingers to his hair, I smiled at him. He watched in surprise as I lead my horse away and climbed onto his back. With only a small stable boy knowing, I slipped away from Aragorn. Looks like I'm starting all over again The last three years were just pretend and I say Goodbye to you Goodbye to everything I thought I knew You were the one I love The one thing that I tried to hold on to Goodbye Aragorn. I love you. The trees are singing again. Louder than before... -Aragorn's POV- "My King! King Aragorn, awake, please!" The persistent, worried voice woke me up. I groaned, turning to meet the small stable boy. I raised my eyebrows at the nervous but concerned child. I placed my hand on his shoulders, waiting for him to calm. "What's wrong, my boy?" "P-Prince Legolas as left!" "What?" "I saw him leave. I could not stop him. I'm sorry." "It's not your fault. Return to the stables." He bowed and hurried away. I rushed through the castle, screaming for Legolas, begging him to come to me but he never did. The castle has lost its shine. He wasn't here. I darted to Arwen's room. She was just waking, stretching her body when I barged into her room. "Aragorn? Has something happened?" "Legolas is gone!" "NO!" An anguished cry left her throat. "Our words did nothing last night! The darkness has a tight hold on him." "Where would he go?" "I don't know." I fell to my knees as the light of the elves bowed her head. Legolas, my love, please return to me. ... You like?