You went out to keep hope alive for your people." "It was my father who sent me out on that doomed charge. He wished for my death." I stop short, stunned by this revelation. I had no idea. "Even after I was taken back wounded," he continues, "he covered me with oil, laid me on the fire pit in the royal chamber from which you just came, and…and…if it had not been for little Pippin warning the Wizard Gandalf, my place was in the fire…" "No more, please," I rasp. I am unable to process how anyone could be so cruel to him, much less his own father. Faramir is so kind and gentle. So sensitive and intelligent. Now I know what horrors Arwen was seeing in the royal chamber by the fire pit. "What evil could have poisoned King Denethor's mind?" I think out loud. "He…he wanted me to be like my brother, Boromir," he explains haltingly. "I loved Boromir dearly, but we were very different. When he was killed – after trying to take the ring – my father became more obsessed with my faults." "Your faults?" I scoff. "It was your brother who nearly plunged us all into darkness by trying to take the power for himself!" "No, Eowyn," Faramir sighs, shaking his head. "He was as good a man as any could wish for, and died saving Merry and Pippin's lives. And as for the ring…" He pauses and wipes away the drops of perspiration forming on his brow. "I tried so hard to be what my father wanted. I tried to the point of almost killing the best part of myself. I couldn't see past what he wanted to do be, so I become hard. Embittered. So desperate to prove myself, I almost went against my own good sense and brought about the undoing of us all. Yes, Eowyn, I almost took the ring, too." "Then I suppose it really was too strong for anyone to resist completely," I respond quietly. I think of poor brave Frodo, the little hobbit who carried the ring to Mount Doom, wearing himself to the bone by carrying the evil of the world around his neck. And all he could think about was his Shire, and the simple country folk, and the hills and dales of home. Until he could not think of anything, that is, not food nor water nor the breath of life. The pulse and pull had been too strong for even him, the purest of us all, not familiar with the lure of fame or power. He slipped it on his finger before the end, only to be saved by the creature Gollum, corrupted by the ring beyond recognition, who tore it away from him and fell to his doom. And so the ring was destroyed. Now Frodo is off in the Grey Havens with the Elves, a place where the horror of what he has seen may be healed. "In truth, we all desired to be The Lord of the Rings at one point or another," I state. "For everyone, it might have fulfilled a desire. And we all have desires, don't we? If it had fallen into my hands, no doubt I would have been too weak to withstand it. As you say, we are both similar in this, you and I. You would have taken it to make your father love you. There was a time when I would have taken it…" My voice trails off. "To make Aragorn love you," he finishes. I nod. I feel so ashamed, so deeply pained by this realization. There was indeed a time when I would have done anything to make him love me like he loved Arwen. "And now?" Faramir croaks. "Now is now, and then is then," I answer. "I have grown much since then, Faramir." "But have you grown…to love me?" he whispers. "You know I would never force you to be my wife, Eowyn. I would rather die than cage your free spirit." I approach him slowly, my heart in my throat. "You…you could never…cage me," I realize out loud. "You would…free me." I'm standing just in front of him now, and I reach out and touch his face. I feel the battle scar running down his cheek, the one he got when he was dragged from his horse by the Nazgul. He takes my hand and kisses it. "I remember when we were in the healing place together," he whispers. "How you changed the bandages on my chest and spread ointment on my face." "No one else was there who was in good enough health or spirits to do it," I respond. "It was the day of darkness, when the sun hid its face behind the mountain ash. Everyone who had legs to run had run, or arms to fight were out fighting." He turned his eyes down. "All the more reason you should not have had me on your mind. But you came to me in the darkness and nursed me and spoke to me kindly, you, with your shattered arm and sorrowed spirit. You are the only person who ever…" "You forget to mention that you also bandaged my arm and bolstered my spirit with your assurance that the darkness would not last. That some greater power was at work." I suddenly realize as I speak how very much we needed each other at that moment, and how very much we need each other now. Arwen has her Aragorn, and Aragorn his Arwen. Now I know I must have my Faramir, and he must have me. "Eowyn," he murmurs. "If only I could explain…if only I could put into words…" I stop him from trying by putting my lips to his. It is the first real kiss we two have shared. It feels so good to be in his arms, so right and fitting. "You have mended my wings," I whisper in his ear. "All is made new."