barrage of acorns and hazel nuts while their assailants laughed gleefully. "Ai!" "Eru's arse!" "Bugger a Balrog!" These exclamations only initiated a second volley of mast and louder peals of hilarity that seemed to be coming from several directions at once, accompanied by slurs upon Noldor ancestry and morals. The attack did not last long, however, and soon the three elves heard the giggling diminishing to the north as if their hidden tormentors were retreating into the dense woods, which of course they were. "Wood Elves!' sneered Cugu and spat again. "Ignorant, uncouth, tree crawlers!" "I cannot believe old Gandalf thinks there is any value in trying to make allies of these folk. It did not work the last time, you know," added Toloth. If these reactions seem a bit extreme that is owing to the losses both these warriors endured during the Last Alliance, when the woodland elves were blamed for causing a rather futile raid upon the Black Gates that cost hundreds of immortal lives. That, and the rain, of course. "Aye, I do realise they are a primitive lot," agreed Erestor, "but the White Council has made its decision. It is not up to us to make it work, but merely to initiate contact once more with these elusive forest dwellers." Erestor was supposed to remain aloof from such prejudicial interpretations, at least in public, yet he was not in a very conciliatory mood after five days travel under such adverse conditions. The noble Noldo was not blind to Gandalf's imperative, yet was anything but convinced of the effectiveness of their mission, even if he could succeed and re-open Thranduil's Northern Kingdom to the rest of elvendom and the west. To be entirely fair, it was not so much Gandalf who had suggested the idea as Celeborn, and he had somehow or other coerced Galadriel into backing him, and that of course brought Gandalf on board. Cirdan always sided with Gandalf. Saruman concurred sagely, finding it advisable to re-establish ties between the remaining enclaves of the First-born, and Radagast never disagreed publicly with his superior. That left Elrond standing there well sitting there with arms crossed and a foul expression etched into his sullen features, the only hold out. The situation that had called them together was certainly grave. Gandalf had discovered unequivocally that it was indeed Sauron who was stirring up Dol Guldur again and breeding Orcs by the thousands. The Maia had urged an offensive attack upon the fortress to drive the vile disciple of Melkor away once more, but in this the White Wizard had overruled him. No one argued against Saruman's decision, for none believed enough elven forces could be brought together to defeat what appeared to be an ever increasing supply of evil demons, goblins, and men poised to serve Sauron. Thus the decision to enlist the aid of the Wood Elves, as they had much to bear with the Evil One right in their very midst. Since the Last Alliance, they had retreated to the northernmost reaches of the great forest and rumours abounded as to the increasingly fey and feral nature of these moriquendi. With Oropher dead, the Sindar remnant and the silvan tribes were headed by Thranduil, who had apparently gone to ground, dwelling in caves to evade capture and persecution in Dol Guldur. The Council had met in 2851 and forty-four years later, in 2895; Elrond had finally given in. The Wise all met in Lorien once more to work out the details, except for Saruman who claimed to be searching for Radagast, last seen along the River Gladden. The Lord of Imladris was the most likely candidate for the mission; however, he flatly refused to be the emissary. He had some grudge or other against Thranduil and would not bow to him, saying the Sinda was really not any sort of royalty. Gandalf nominated Celeborn, who had to decline because of his marriage to Galadriel, for whom Thranduil had some unreasonable dread associated with the kinslaying at Alqualonde. Alright, perhaps not completely unreasonable, but it was Ages ago and nothing was ever proved against her anyway . Then Elrond suggested for Gandalf to do it, but he said it was a matter for elves and proposed Glorfindel. Everyone was happy with that except Glorfindel, who had a nasty habit of attracting bad luck and preferred to remain as far from Sauron as possible. "No," he said simply and firmly. "Send Erestor, he never gets to do anything even remotely heroic and I am sure feels slighted by such neglect of his diverse skills in both diplomacy and swordsmanship, not to mention savoir faire and finesse. Besides, Thranduil has no reason, as yet, to ban him from the forest." Well that last remark raised a few eyebrows and many wondered exactly what Glorfindel had been up to for the Wood Elves' King to flat out forbid him to enter the realm, but the Balrog Slayer promptly sealed his lips and refused to elaborate. There had been no one left upon which Erestor could foist the duty, however, for Galdor was in the Havens visiting with Cirdan. Elladan and Elrohir volunteered, but their father denied their request with no explanation other than to say "Caradhras", after which the twins grew morose and silent and eventually rode out to kill Orcs. And thus Erestor, Cugu, and Toloth departed from the comfort and security of fair Lothlorien Where it is nearly always sunny and warm, making rain and thunderstorms seem a delightful diversion. to seek out the Kingdom of the Wood Elves and re-initiate diplomatic relations with Eru's less wise and more ferocious children. As the unending torrential rain drilled upon his pate throughout the eternity of the fifth dreary, deluged night, Erestor decided that when he returned to Imladris he was going to have to find an appropriate means of expressing his gratitude to Glorfindel for the glowing recommendation which had secured his participation in such an illustrious undertaking. TBC.