out his toe and roughly nudged his son in the side. "Here then, Gimli, wake up you slug!" he shouted. Well, of course Gimli did just that, grunting in displeasure to be so rudely treated just when he was enjoying a fine dream of hunting Orcs with Legolas, each competing to see who could kill the most. He was winning, naturally, and was displeased to end the dream before being able to boast of his success to the smug little wood sprite. "Da, I was sleeping," he complained and got to his feet. He blinked in wonder to find the Elven King there holding Legolas tight. "What is amiss?" "Aulë's Arse! You've made the wee elfling think you'd died," bellowed Gloín. "Why would you go and do such a thing? A joke is a joke, but it's a poor jest that nearly sets two folk at war with one another." Gimli gazed upon the tear-streaked face of his new friend and frowned. "Legolas?" he called and held out a hand. "I am fine; why did you think I was dead?" Now Legolas wriggled from his father's hold and took the offered hand, satisfying himself that it was really true and Gimli was not at the doors of the Halls of Waiting. "Ai, Gimli! I thought you were fading before my very eyes," he said solemnly. "You kept opening your mouth and sucking in huge lungfuls of air, then your eyes drooped lower, you couldn't hold up your head, and finally you laid down and shut your eyes." Gloín had to translate for his son and then the expression of sheepishness that washed through Gimli's eyes made him smile. His son had not meant to deceive the Elf-child after all. "Of course, for I was weary after the long day's trek through the frozen woods and such a fine dinner. What else would I do but sleep?" Gimli shrugged, somewhat embarrassed to have caused all this fuss just because he was tired. Was it wrong to sleep anywhere except a bed in Greenwood? "That is not how people sleep," informed Legolas, once his Ada translated, and his tone expressed his incredulity. "It is so how people sleep," insisted Gimli, who did not need anyone to translate in order to comprehend the elfling's obstinate attitude. "It is the way of Dwarves, Legolas, to sleep thus," interposed Gloín, for now he understood. "You did not hurt Gimli and indeed, it seems your hospitality is exemplary. Thank you for looking after my son while your father and I were in council." Then the noble Dwarf bowed to the small Elven prince. Legolas looked to his father for confirmation of this intriguing news and Thranduil could only shrug in equal amazement as he explained. "If Lord Gloín says that this is so, we must believe him and count ourselves wiser in the ways of our neighbours," he said. "Nay, I understand that he was sleeping, but I did not know Gimli was a Dwarf," said Legolas, who had been too upset to make sense of Gloín's presence at his father's side earlier. He turned to Gimli sadly. "You mean that you are not, then, a shape-shifter, and you cannot transform into a bear?" Now hearing this, Gloín threw back his head and howled with laughter, slapping his son upon the back in high mirth, saying: "The wee prince thought you were one of Beorning's folk, Gimli. He wants you to turn into a bear and growl!" "Shape-shifter?" Gimli did not find this amusing in the least and scowled at Legolas, for he was proud to be counted among Durin's people and high in stature among his kin. Sullenly he turned his back to the elfling and crossed his arms over his chest. "Who would mistake a Dwarf for a shape-shifter, except a crazy Elf?" "Gohennach nín," said Legolas contritely, for he could see he had hurt Gimli's pride. "I have a fine Ice Palace in need of a mighty Lord to dwell within it. A Dwarf Lord would be best indeed." Gloín was moved by those words and shared with Thranduil a beaming smile. It is safe to say he made the child's apology even more elaborate in translation, and Gimli was more than gratified. "Rejoice!" called Thranduil, taking up his son again and perching him upon his right shoulder. "For your friend is well and unharmed and alive to enjoy the feast we will throw to celebrate it!" With that they all left the apartment and all were appeased, seeing the Dwarf child healthy and whole, and King Thranduil did indeed decree that a feast should be held. The Elves and the Dwarves made merry for six days until the snows ended and the way was cleared. During that time, Legolas and Gimli played in the Ice Palace, hunting imaginary Balrogs and slaying innumerable Orcs, and when the Naugrim returned at last to their journey, they went away as allies of the Greenwood, and so they remained until the conflict over the treasure horde of the dragon, Smaug. Methed NOTE: This story is dedicated with much friendship to Dís Thrain's Daughter, who's love of the Dwarves is well known and who has given me much feed-back on Feud and other stories over the years that has helped me seek ways to include them. Dís, this small tribute is long overdue. Hope everyone else enjoys this first meeting between Legolas and Gimli, too :) Of course it is all AU in the extreme, but I had fun writing it and have been meaning to finish it for the longest time. In this tale, Gimli is rather at the peak of adolescence while Legolas, as we all know, is just four years old. I am sure the Dwarves would have taught Gimli Sindarin by this age, but in this story it suited me to assume otherwise, or perhaps we may imagine he was rebellious and refused to study the Elvish tongue. Thanks to everyone for reading!