hair free to fall down his back. Now that Celeborn thought of it, he remembered Thranduil looking often at Elrond's hair the night before. 'I've spoken with Thranduil,' he replied. 'On reflection, though I do not quite agree that the risk you take is manageable or worthwhile, I do trust your judgement.' 'Thank you,' Elrond repeated. 'I highly value your counsel and I will not forget your caution. I also apologise for my behaviour yesterday. It was not my intent to be condescending.' 'I don't believe there was any way you could have spoken to me with which I would not have taken offence. I know that you and Celebrian agreed to release one another from your vows, but I also know my daughter, and I doubt her heart is swayed from you. I would simply ask that you remember it.' Elrond's eyes turned intent, as they were wont to do. 'I intend to remember it well. When I one day reach the white shores, it will be her face I look for, so long as she still will have me.' He sighed, and weighed his words for a long moment, secure in the knowledge that Celeborn would wait for him decide precisely what he meant to say. 'It is not what I would have hoped for, to lose your esteem in this manner.' 'You have not, my friend. What will you tell Arwen, and the twins when they return?' Elrond flicked his gaze away in discomfort. 'Any behaviour that would be unusual is already kept to private chambers. Thranduil has suggested that we spend less time together during the day, that I can be with them. He and I can then meet in the evenings.' 'They are out of the habit of coming to you unannounced then? They used to wander into your rooms freely.' 'My rooms, yes, but not my bedchamber after I have retired. We lock the door anyway, just in the event. And they are grown and have their own lives.' 'It is as Thranduil said then. It is unlike you, Elrond, to consider bodily intimacies without great depth of feeling, and Thranduil can be persistent when he desires something. I trust he has not placed undue pressure upon you?' Elrond frowned and stopped fiddling with his belt. 'Thranduil may be indomitable,' he said, 'but he would not compel anyone in such a manner.' 'I would not have thought it possible myself, but I feel… There is so much of him now that is strange to me. I knew him once as well as if he were my brother but I no longer know what he will or will not do, nor what he might say, nor how he may feel. We let hurt come between us, a hurt we made ourselves and could perhaps have mended rather than yielded to as we have. We yielded to injury and anger, and time has done the rest.' 'Yet you have always spoken of him fondly.' 'I speak fondly of him, I do not speak fondly to him. I expect that never helps. ' 'In my experience, Thranduil cares little for the manner in which he is spoken to, and more for the content of speech.' 'Yes, that's true. I am glad that you understand that about him. It reassures me that you may know what you're doing.' 'He and I might go for a walk together, we might spar, we might perhaps discuss politics, or trade, or the arts. My interest in facets of his friendship is manifold; that we might in addition choose to lay with each other has little more meaning than these other activities.' 'Those are my cousin's words.' Perhaps they are,' he conceded, 'but I agree with them. And now I know with even greater certainty that we cannot take the rhetoric of any single culture as ultimate truth, and I have seen the damage done by attaching shame to these desires. For myself, and I think for Thranduil, it is not merely a desire to meet the needs of the body, but also to feel the closeness of another equal being, and to have the connection of trust and support that such engenders.' 'I do not object to the principle in that respect. I am sorry for how I spoke to you, Elrond. I was defensive for Bria's sake, but it was unhelpful, and careless of how life must now be for you without her here.' 'I cannot say truthfully that you do not have a right to be. I am being selfish, I fear, and thoughtless. I…do not know if this will cause her harm, or pain, only that I chose to stay here so that I might do my part for Arda's future,' His eyes lost their focus for a moment, before he surfaced again and said slowly, 'and I find this more difficult than I ought. In some way Thranduil helps me.' ' It is no crime to wish for a friend but Elrond, if you should need a friend of another nature I hope that you will trust me. I know that I am not often here, but when I am, lean on me. When I am not, write to me. And open yourself to your companions here; you have many around you who would be good, dear friends if you would allow them.' 'I thank you, very much, and I will remember it. As for others, I have friendships here that I treasure but I can never quite forget myself when I am with them. Never quite. Nor should I.' Downstairs, golden evening light spilled through the archway before the terrace, and caught in the auburn of Elrond's robes as he stilled, secure and so composed as he turned to Celeborn. 'I do not know when she and I will meet again, but she will always be foremost in my heart.' Then Arwen's voice was greeting them, and Celeborn watched as he stepped through into the sunlight.