course I'm still perched on the brink of delirious delight and aching to tumble in. I hear him walk away and as he does he speaks. 'Have a go, he's so tight and hot I wish I could stay hard in there forever.' "A second voice answers: 'Thank you, I believe I will, though after that show I doubt I can last as long as you.' My mind is in a whirl as I understand we have not been alone but had an audience for the whole act. Now I sense the second male approach and I'm desperate to get free. I'm thrashing in my bonds; I can't allow myself to be fucked again by another ellon I don't know and can't even see, sore and wet with the vital juices of the first. He doesn't even pause for my terror excites him; he runs hands over my back, his breathing hoarse and audible. His hands slip underneath and fondle my nipples; it hurts and I scream. Suddenly I realise my hands are not restrained and my fingers fly to the band around my eyes. "A hand grabs my wrist yanks it back down, snaps a cold, metal cuff around it, does the same to the other. A third voice chastises me: 'None of that, we can't have you telling of our secret rendezvous. Besides, we have to eat dinner together later and we don't want you to be uncomfortable about it.' He's close enough for me to feel his words across my ear and he leans closer, kissing me, pushing his thick wet tongue into my gaping mouth. I draw back, jerking the chains at my chest just as the second male mounts me. "Ai, it is so good I can hardly stand it! He hits my prostate on the initial penetration and thereafter rides me with long, leisurely pulses, pulling almost all the way out each time, groaning quietly as I struggle to increase the pressure. By the third retreat and re-entry, I'm pleading and begging again, telling him to fuck me harder and faster. The third male laughs. 'I think he wants you to fuck him senseless.' Again he claims my mouth, dipping his tongue into my frantic cries and supplications. This time I let him and suck at the mobile organ. It makes him moan and he breaks free with a soft cry of profane excitement. 'Let's see what else you might like to taste,' he murmurs, breathy and eager. I smell it before it comes close and then his erection brushes my cheek leaving a slick, sticky trail. He's already dripping and I know what's going to happen. His hands cup my face and the warm, wet tip just darts inside my mouth and out. Behind me the second male shouts out a mighty oath and his lunges increase in force and speed. I'm so grateful I almost cry and I'm willing the cock to come back to my lips so he'll go even faster. 'Oh yes, do it. Make him suck you off.' The first male is right beside me and suddenly his hands stroke my sides and then go low to caress my belly. Fingers pinch the glans of my cock and every muscle in my body writhes in a spasm of wanton need, but I can't come. "The third male offers me his penis again and I take it in. The flavour is strange and the scent tart, sweaty and salty. He goes in carefully and slowly, cautious not to make me gag or panic. I toy with the idea of biting him and then I do, but oh so softly. He gasps and pulls out and then re-enters, starting to establish a rhythm I can accommodate, and I suck on his thick cock, running my tongue over the vein, feeling it thump. As hoped, the male fucking my ass becomes more excited and I sense he is driving toward his peak, tearing me up in the process and I'm moaning my pleasure, doubly pinned by the cock between my lips and the shaft up my anus. "Suddenly, something wet and warm envelopes my aching penis. The first male is sucking it! I feel like I really will pass out and I'm trying hard to make my hips pivot in such a way as to get more of my cock in his mouth while making it possible for the male fucking me to drill deeper, all the while lavishing the organ I'm feasting on with wailing adoration. Someone takes my hand and guides it to a hot column of flesh and blood; I clasp it tight. Bound as I am, I have little free motion stroke it but there is no need. The first male is lying beside me and easily rocks in and out of my tight hold. We're all linked up, myself the locus of our desires. I've got penises in me everywhere. I'm being fucked by three males of incredible potency and abruptly all their motions synchronise. "Just as I feel the male behind me start to come, fingers release my root from its chains. The cock in my mouth starts to spurt bitter cream and I swallow frantically as my bowels are bathed anew in slippery semen. The sensation is like nothing I've ever known and at last I explode, coming down the first male's throat even as I feel his seed splatter across my chest. "At this point I wake up in a truly horrific mess of torn sheets reeking with my own essence." Legolas stopped talking and struggled to calm himself, aware that he was perilously close to coming in his pants right in front of Lord Elrond. Alarmingly, the idea made it even more likely and he squirmed, crossing his legs tight over his confined erection as he bit his lip hard. He managed to stave off ejaculation, heaved a long sigh, and looked deep into Elrond's eyes. "So, is that normal?" he asked. TBC