about answering his son's concerns. "Tasks are not needed so much as a thorough examination of the elleth's character and family. I would have you find love with someone like your naneth and " "Elleth?" Legolas' features contorted in open disgust. "Please, Ada, I have no wish for a maiden." "You don't?" Thranduil was crestfallen. "What of younglings, ion? Have you no wish for a family of your own to raise and cherish?" "Nay. I cannot abide the noise and the mess and the loss of freedom elflings bring. Even less can I abide the soft contours of the female form and strange thoughts that occupy an elleth's mind. I am moved by strength and skill, the flex and flow of hard muscles beneath velvet skin, of desire I can both see and touch, a desire like unto my own that I can encompass within " "I understand," Thranduil interrupted with desperate speed, holding up his hand to stop this outpouring of fantasy before his son described the culmination of such dreams. A shaky smile adorned his wan visage and he could not hide the disappointment crowding his heart. "You are displeased," Legolas sat back as he registered this unexpected response. "When I was twenty, you told me how life is renewed among our people and I asked you then about Galion and Carnil, if they would have elflings. You explained that love between like kind does not generate life, but that such romances were not to be hindered or scorned." "So I did and so I say now," Thranduil nodded. "I just did not realise you were telling me that is the kind of love your heart requires. Ai! I have been a blind fool!" He rose and paced around his study, fuming at his flawed parenting. "So much have I hoped for grandchildren that I would not allow myself to understand you. Legolas, your Adar is a selfish idiot. Can you forgive this oversight?" Distraught for many reasons, the King faced his sole heir with both remorse and sadness. "Ada!" Legolas at once jumped up and ran to his father, encircling him in strong arms and laying his head upon the broad shoulders. "Of course I can forgive it. I am sorry about the elflings; can you forgive that?" "Bah! Elboron has an abundance of grandchildren already and they are always underfoot in the stronghold. What have I to miss?" he embraced Legolas and then held him out before him. "Your happiness is everything to me. We will find the right mate for you." "Thank you, Ada!" Legolas whooped and raced to the desk, snatching up a quill and parchment. "Let us prepare a list of eligible suitors." "Patience!" exhorted Thranduil. "You are an elf of such high standing, in addition to your attractive appearance and noble character, that we must be cautious. Many will have interest but for base reasons. I will not see your heart wounded." "Ada, I would not name anyone who would treat me so," objected Legolas. He lowered himself into his Ada's chair behind the desk, unwilling to forego preparing his roster of candidates. "Forgive me, ion, but you are entirely naive in this regard. You think everyone is motivated by good. Permit me some time to make inquiries and investigate the prospects I deem worthy of your attention; then we will compare your list and mine." "But, Ada, I " Legolas was interrupted by a brusque knock on the door, not the one opening into the corridor of the King's private suite but the one leading out to his council chambers, offices, and the throne room. The King admitted his seneschal, Galion, who bowed in apology upon seeing Legolas with his Lord. "Forgive me, Legolas, Aranen, but the delegates have arrived from Dale and bring unexpected visitors along. I fear your presence is required, Hîren." "What visitors?" demanded Thranduil. "Folk from Imladris, Aranen," Galion intoned with appropriate dramatic flair. The surprise on the royals' faces was gratifying and he nodded sagely,answering the next query before it could be voiced. "The twin Peredhil Lords and a human, possibly some page or distant kinsman who attends them." "Unexpected, indeed," groused Thranduil, settling his hand on Legolas' shoulder to prevent his arising from the seat, anticipating the excited curiosity this would generate in his son's thoughts. "Nay, you need not participatein this audience, especially so underdressed. If they remain, you will have ample opportunity to meet them soon enough." He bent and pressed a kiss upon Legolas' forehead, regretting the abrupt end of their talk but unable to avoid it. "Forgive me, we will resume our discussion on the morrow." "Surely it will not take all the day to see to this," protested Legolas, though he knew it probably would. "I will remain here that we may continue once you are free." "I am sorry, ion," Thranduil sighed as he followed Galion to the door. "It very well may. You have waited this long, one more day can be endured, yes?" He smiled from the threshold, hand on the latch. "Aye," Legolas forced a smile and the door closed. With a heavy heart he set aside his quill and pushed the parchment from him, slouching in the chair. Of course he understood; the delegation from Dale was important and negotiations with the men were always prickly and delicate undertakings. He knew from past years that often Thranduil was pushed beyond exasperation by their demands and the conference dragged on for weeks. His heart had no choice but to wait. "But I am so very lonely," he whispered to the empty room and buried his head upon his arms. TBC Glossary: Ernilen - My Prince Elboron - Brave Star toradar - brother-father, uncle torion - brother-son, nephew ellon - male elf elleth - female elf Cemendur - Servant of the Earth Carnil - Red Star Disclaimer: Main characters and settings originally created by JRR Tolkien. Just for fun, no money earned. OC's and story are erobey's.