for his trip. He made sure he had all of his basic necessities; his herbs and medicines, extra clothes and blanket, and food and water. Then he grabbed his sword and other weapons, and quietly snuck down some stairs. He hurried to the stables and saddled and readied his horse, made sure his pack was secured, climbed on, swung the reins around and galloped down the road. He was so worried for his friend. Maybe he should have insisted on going with Legolas. And he really hoped Glorfindel would wait to tell his Adar as long as he could keep the pretense up. First Person I woke up very confused, looked around, then remembered that I had been running to Imladris to avoid being killed or captured by some Orcs that had been closing in on me. Why did they always have to chase, catch and torment Elves? .There were many other creatures they could track, and have "fun"with...WHY ME? ALWAYS ME? What did I ever do to deserve this? Of course I always lose my beloved horse, Belan, during episodes like these . I hope she makes it back to Rivendell. And now they have inevitably captured me and knocked me out in some unique way. I don't remember what happened after they caught me. But I do have a bad headache and I am a little nauseous. They must have drugged me. I have no doubt that I'll wake up tied to a tree; my arms, hands, ankles and legs all tied. All therefore leading to numb extremities; all burning like fire, and all tied up so tightly I can barely move. My wrists, of course are blood encrusted , as well as my bootless ankles and of course the pain is excrutiating, like wildfire. Plus I'm gagged and the usual, blindfolded, so I have no idea where I am...just with the smelly Orcs. It's all so familiar, but I hate it with a passion. If I go to sleep or even appear to be asleep, the smelly, nasty creatures will come over and kick me in the abdomen and backhand me to wake me. How delightful, always the taste of blood in the morning. I should be used to it, but blood is not my favorite flavor. I should just stay awake and wait for it, because I always know it's coming. There will be no sleep for me tonight, though I'm exhausted. My heart is racing so fast and i can't seem to slow my breathing, I'm sweating and my adrenaline is flying. Oh, I had better brace myself. They're coming. I hopelessly struggle to get away, terrified; An Orc hits me in the abdomen and gave me two backhands. I moan in pain. "This night hasn't even begun for you, and no food or drink for you, either." The evil, smell creature grins at me with his yellow, dripping fangs; and I have a very good idea what is coming up. Valar help me... I am shivering and shaking all over, and wishing desperately Aragorn would come and rescue me, or I could have my weapons, especially my bow. But at the moment, I'm not sure if I want Aragorn's help or my bow and arrows worse. Ai! I guess I want both. Why can't I live the life of other Elves. They live their lives the way they want. In pure freedom. I live about 3/4 of my life in captivity. I've fought with and been abducted by men, Elves, Orcs, Saruman, Sauron, and by a host of other evil, nasty creatures I can't even name. For many reasons ...except I do suspect my blonde hair, and blue eyes have a lot to do with it. 'Haha,' Legolas thought. Not to mention I'm a Prince. It seems to be much too dangerous to be one. I usually hear either: "Oh, you are so beautiful, what should I do with you," or "if you move, you will die now instead of later!" Blood usually flows anyway, but at least not enough to kill, just temporarily incapacitate me. Oh, help! is always a constant thought and occasional comment. This all gets so frightening and annoying. I am so tired of Orc violence. Why can't they just smile, and give me some decent water and food for a change {instead of left-over dead Orc, or some other dead, rotting thing that I could never identify.] Clean water would be nice instead of the constant grey, filthy fluid I have to choke down. Then they could be sweet and friendly and be gentle with me and make our trip much more pleasant, so I'm much stronger and healthier to face my foe. Give up, Legolas. It never has happened...and it never will. Like I said, I know what's coming... I want to go home..! NOW! Of course I always do in a situation like this. First an extremely ugly Orc unties my gag and blindfold...relief. Then my feet and legs...more relief. I look up at a being with absolute evil in his eyes. My hands are untied and re-tied in front of me. Then I get dragged up on my numb feet. They want me to walk, I fall. Then I get slapped usually about a dozen times for FALLING. I am picked up and flung over a shoulder and carried to a tree near their campfire, I look around , wondering what they have in mind this time. They drag me to a tree and I struggle, figuring it out. I look at them, desperately, begging with my eyes..but I know that begging and pleading never work...however it's always worth a try. So as they throw the rope I'm attached to up over a high tree limb, I'm trembling, terrified, and knowing I'm going to scream at some point, .but I'd rather not if I can help it. And it's certainly not time for that, anyway. Valar, I can't believe I have to go through this again.