a spouse. "Those leather vambraces, with the silver inlaid, fine pieces of work, those! Cuanil wanted to have a chew at those, soon as he saw them, but I saved them for you. What I want to know is why a man needs a mail hauberk and a leather surcoat! You'd think you were riding off to war! " She laughed to herself for a moment, stilled, dropped her mending slowly and looked back at Boromir seriously. "There's no war coming, is there?" Her eyes were fearful. She'd known orc raids in her time, and the savagery of wild Dunlendings, kin yes, but kinship meant nothing when one of one's women attached herself to a straw-haired horseman. Boromir was loath to answer. Hildláf lived peacefully here and as far as he could tell, without fear. The elements, a sick cow, wolves, those things Hildláf could handle and well, but war was something a lone woman and her two dogs could not survive through alone, be she young or old. He answered carefully. "I cannot tell you 'yea' or 'nay. I cannot speak for Theoden. I have heard rumors about the White Wizard, Saruman, in Isengard not too far from here, but rumors are not definitive. Gondor faces war every day; we have only a tentative control over our own borders, even Osgiliath is not fully in our control." Boromir did not know if the secluded woman knew anything about Gondor or recent events therein, but she would understand that to be unable to hold one of one's own cities was not promising. "I am…" Could he tell her? Spies lingered everywhere and this close to Isengard... did Hildláf survive out here alone by the grace of the White Wizard? Whatever Hildláf's bloodlines or her means of survival, it was a far leap for Boromir to think of her as a spy for Saruman. "I am on a journey, nay, a quest really." He waited for her to laugh or snort; noble knights riding off on quests were rare these days. "I know the name of the place I'm going and that it lies to the north." A veritable treasure trove of useful information Oh, this bodes well! Boromir thought sarcastically. He supposed it did not bode well if he was bitter about the quest already, hardly outside of well-known lands! "If I find what I seek, I may be able to give the free men of the south a fighting chance against our enemies. The journey is perilous and I have far yet to go." He said as little as he could about the reason behind the journey, about the dreams and the arguments and the debates and the final, executive decision on Boromir's part, as the elder, to take up the task. "As you have doubtlessly found out already." Hildláf pointed out in all seriousness. "I won't ask you the details, you're tight-lipped about it already, so I won't pry." She nodded to herself and wiped her hands nervously on her apron. She stood again, set the mending aside, and paced slowly, as if unsure of what to do. Finally she picked up a cup and filled it with water from a fired clay jug. "You should drink. Your body is going to crave water; it'll be using a lot of your own to fight that poison." She said sagely and approached his pallet with the cup. "You've hardly sat down this whole time, you must be tired. I can drink later, take some rest." Boromir said in his most gentle, charming voice. He suspected the experienced old woman had put something in the cup to make him sleep, and it went against his inner nature to take his medicine when given to him. When it came to medicine, leeches or doctors, he simply had to be difficult! Yet he still wondered why the woman, no doubt of lesser energy than one in her prime, would seem so restless. "Don't you mind me." She sat down and helped Boromir roll onto his side and prop himself up to drink. "I don't sleep much anymore. Doctoring you has given me something to do, at least. I usually just sit up and sew, and these old hands are hardly fit for that much sewing." Arthritic hands plagued her, but that was the worst of her ailments, for which she thanked providence daily. "Slowly now." Hildláf ordered and set the cup at his lips, holding the cup for the most part but letting his weak hand guide along side it. She was right. Boromir felt more refreshed than he thought he'd be after the nourishing cup. "You've been awake far longer than most should after such a day, and with a nasty bump to the head, too!" She helped Boromir back down gently and readjusted his blanket. She pulled it higher over his shoulders and though his inflamed skin protested, the warmth was welcome. The early ours of the morning were still cold. Despite himself, Boromir started to nod and soon he was asleep. Silently enjoying her own little victory, Hildláf set the cup aside and washed it thoroughly. She'd used a special mixture she'd developed over the years to put the tall man to sleep. It worked well on fussing babies, sick youths and suffering old men. She patted Haunwyn on the head when she sat back down in her chair next to the fire and asked the dog merrily, "Well, old dear, what do you think of our company?" The dog looked across the little room to the sleeping stranger and lifted curious brow muscles and ears at the same time. Said human smelled far different than her mistress' horsemen kin, who'd she'd sniffed only a few times and a long time ago, but once smelled, a scent stuck forever. "Yes, I know. I don't suppose we'll ever learn more than we know already about him, but who wants to know everything?" To Be Continued…. Next Chapter: Cuanil and Trouble