now and instantly knowing without question that he did and was pleased by it. The thought stirred his passion anew and he was about to take his first taste of the pale flesh of a nearby thigh when Legolas spoke. "An excellent start, I knew you would be perfect. Take off those clothes and come lie beside me." "It is unseemly for one spouse to order the other about," Gimli chastised, licking the leg and finding the flavour not unpleasant. There was a lot of leg to lick and he set to it with gusto. A hand reached for his hair and gave it a tug. "Take off those clothes and come lie beside me, please." Gimli grinned and readily obeyed. He was immediately pounced on and nearly smothered as Legolas fell to exploring his body, rubbing himself shamelessly over the hairy chest, pinching dark nipples, tentatively licking them, boldly claiming lips rimmed in thick auburn moustaches. He kissed Gimli with wild abandon, a demanding, challenging intrusion of his tongue that could not go unanswered. As he hoped, the Dwarf responded by pushing him off and forcing him back. They wrestled for dominance but Legolas didn't really want it and gave himself to Gimli, enjoying the tingling sensation wrought by the beard as his nipples were sucked and lapped, his neck licked and marked, his mouth plumbed to the full. When Gimli rolled him over and propped him on his knees he submitted willingly and another lengthy coupling ensued. Legolas had more to say this time, encouraging his mate and pleading for more, and while not as prolonged as the first experience it was richer as the bond between them was forged. So it went throughout the day, short rests punctuating bouts of erotic exuberance, and by dusk both were worn out. Legolas lay limp and content, drifting in exhausted reverie, oblivious to everything save Gimli beside him. The Dwarf reclined with his head pillowed on his new mate's stomach, worrying a little bit now that the pact was set in stone, as Dwarves say. He could not deny that he loved Legolas; what other explanation could there be? In the same way, he knew Legolas had loved him first and could not but wonder at the courage required to make so bold a play for his heart's desire. Gimli's virility was mighty and he was proud of it, but he wasn't sure he'd have had the balls to make the first move or even admit to himself what he felt. That would be one of the strongest points in the Elf's favour when the time came for Gimli to explain it all to his father and the clan. A darker shadow covered his face in the hazy half light and he lifted his head to spy the Twin Lords of Imladris poised before him, gazing with identically bemused smirks. He frowned and sat up, reaching for a shirt to cover himself. "What do you want?" he demanded, wondering if they were about to accuse him of breaking some law among the First-born about mixing with other people. "Just came to offer congratulations to the happy couple," drawled one. "You do realise you're stuck with that Wood Elf until the day you die?" queried the other. "That was the general idea," informed Gimli, eyeing them with bewilderment and annoyance. His private life was not to be a subject for their amusement and he felt around for an axe. "Is it a problem for you?" "Nay!" they chorused, taking an exaggerated step back and chuckling. "He's yours, none would think to challenge so true a claim of hearts and souls." "Good." Gimli laid back down with a satisfied grunt. "Indeed, we have come to honour the courage required to secure a bond with Thranduilion. He's quite young and reckless and bound to be a handful," one said. "Gets into all kinds of trouble," the second elaborated. "A veritable magnate of ill-fate," the first continued. "Has driven King Thranduil to drink, it is said, from constant worry over Legolas' welfare," informed the first. "I can manage," snarled Gimli, almost ready to maim them for defaming his beloved Elf, "now be so kind as to go somewhere else." He casually tossed the axe away in their general direction and was pleased to see them retreat, though their snickering giggles were unsettling. He decided not to permit them to rile him on so grand a night as this would surely be, bedded down beside his new spouse. Gimli closed his eyes and sighed in pure contentment, allowing himself to fall asleep with visions of his future life with Legolas populating his inner heart. The moon was setting and the stars were brilliant in the clear midnight sky when the implications of their mocking remarks made their way through his natural love and honest indignation. Gimli sat bolt upright, alert and wide-eyed, heart beating in unseemly jigs and starts, shocked to his marrow, and stared at the Elf curled up beside him. Legolas had talked at length about his father and brothers yet never named them. Being a Dwarf, Gimli never found this odd, for that sort of protective privacy was a common practise among his people. It had never occurred to him to be so rude as to ask their names. With a shrug of resignation he realised it mattered little now, as he would not have turned Legolas away just because of this wrinkle. It was easy to see how Legolas' thoughts had run: fate had spared them at Helm's Deep. They were to face Sauron himself and might not live beyond that battle. The Elf would have his mate to the full for whatever amount of time granted them. That made Gimli smile and his heart stopped hammering. He bent to press a tender kiss upon the golden head, wondering, if they survived the ordeal and Frodo succeeded, whether perhaps Galadriel would be willing to hide them from Thranduil and Gloin. Finished.