meet here ten days ahead of it. Namarië!" So saying, the heir to the throne gave a click of his tongue and a nudge of his heel and sent his horse cantering down the track, Ûrrusc right behind him. "Namarië!" Legolas returned the farewell with a lift of his hand and watched them ride away. When the pair were too distant to hear him or observe his actions, he turned a speculative expression upon the rest of the group. "Now then, before we embark I have a few announcements to make. First: henceforth, you are not to call me 'Tuiw' at any time for any reason. Second: I have no intention of suffering through an endless program of boring council meetings and tiresome political social gatherings. Faron, I am assuming your identity and you shall play the part of Prince Legolas." "What?" squawked Faron. His cousin had not discussed this with him in any of their late-hour scheming sessions. "That is inadvisable, Ernil," cautioned Filigod. This was exactly the sort of thing that could create a disaster. "The official document indicated that both of Thranduil's sons would journey to Imladris. Your brother has been short-sighted in his plans this time, for Elrond will alert Aran Thranduil at once, fearing some dread fate has befallen the heir. The best you can do is explain honestly what Celon'lîr has done and let him face the consequences of his foolishness." Legolas bristled indignantly and drew back his shoulders proudly. "I have never tattled on Cel and I have no plans to turn nâr (rat) now," he said. "Further, I command all of you to uphold the subterfuge until I revoke the order. As for Ernil Vain, Mallavorn shall be Celon'lîr's doppelganger. You, Filigod, shall be there to make certain he and Faron do nothing that would injure our realm's status, insult the foreigners overtly, or demean Adar before the Noldor." "Why, Tu Legolas, I am gratified by your confidence in me; however, the Gwanûn will know the truth and reveal us. I have no wish to appear so foolish before Lord Elrond." Mallavorn objected, managing to imbue his words with a thick layer of toadiness despite the contradiction. "True, but they may not be in Imladris at all." Legolas thought on the likelihood of the twins' presence for a moment as his loyal warriors waited to learn their fate. At last a bright smile lit the young prince's eyes. "No matter, that will work to our advanatge. See here, we will proceed as I have said and if the Gwanûn are there we will simply leave aside the ruse and challenge them to another contest. Once we've soundly beaten them again before all their friends and family, no doubt Lord Elrond will feel the visit has been long enough and send us away. With Hîren Adar not expecting us until Iavas, we can then journey to Lothlorien and join Cel, or should I say Giliach, in his most enjoyable diversions and revels. The soldiers hesitated to voice their opinions on this plot, for while it certainly sounded grand to get away to Lorien and the company of the fair Galadhrim, they were too aware of Legolas' propensity for attracting disaster. They glanced to Filigod with pleading eyes, beseeching deliverance from certain doom. "Not to be disloyal, Ernilen, but I must point out that just because you bested Elladan and Elrohir once does not mean it will happen again," cautioned Filigod. "They are worthy warriors and skilled fighters. In Greenwood you had the greater experience in fighting beneath the trees but in Imladris they will be favoured." "Well, I am not going to refuse a challenge just because I might not win," stated Legolas. "If we lose the match, Lord Elrond will probably send us away all the same, for he will see it as sufficient humiliation to have gained the advantage over Adar, especially if we act the part and play it up a bit. We then go forth to Lorien as planned." "What if Lord Elrond sends a message back to the King to forewarn him of our return?" queried Faron. "We can overtake the messenger and retrieve the letter," answered Legolas. "Now, no more excuses, we will do as I have said and that is final. Filigod, I am waiting," Legolas assumed his most obnoxiously imperious manner and glared with aristocratically arched brows for his advisor's oath of fealty. The envoy's scowl was truly vile but had no effect whatsoever on Legolas. "As you wish, Ernil," he growled and turned his back upon Thranduil's youngest child. "I will abide by this command, unwise though I deem it to be. Mayhap you will learn much from the outcome." With his compliance given, the other soldiers mumbled their oathes of obedience half-heartedly, knowing full well they would regret them before summer's end. Now that these minor details were arranged to Legolas' saisfaction, the Wood Elves set off across the valley, making for the High Pass through the Hithaeglir and the wide world of the west beyond. TBC © 09/05/2010 Ellen Robey Disclaimer: Main characters and settings originally created by JRR Tolkien. Just for fun, no money earned. OC's and story are erobey's. Elvish names and such: Celon'lîr (River Song - Thranduil's eldest) Ûrrusc (Fire Fox - Thranduil's nephew) Tuiw. (Sprout - a pet name for Legolas) Faron (Hunter - also Thranduil's nephew) Mallavorn (Black and Gold - one of the warriors) Filigod (Little Bird - Thranduil's councillor) Condir O Gladgalen (Mayor of Greenwood - Filgod's Official Title) Giliach (Star Crossing - Cel's false identity while in Lorien) Tôradar (brother-father: uncle) Hîren Adar (My Lord Father) Hîr Adar mín (our Lord Father) Ernil (Prince) Ernil Vain, (Pre-eminent Prince) Ernil Daid (Secondary Prince) ion-an'weath (son-by-bond - son-in-law) aurlinn (day-bird, a wood thrush) Minya'mmë (grandmother) thêl dithen. (little sister) muindor laes, (baby brother) nâr (rat) Disclaimer: Main characters and settings originally created by JRR Tolkien. Just for fun, no money earned. OC's and story are erobey's.