seems he is the only one who does not know. However, I think that is changing. He is different at home. Some say moodier, after these visits. Others say happier." She looked into her father's eyes. "Are you prepared for when she leaves?" He glanced at her. Sighing, he shook his head. "No more so than when you leave. I still do not understand your need to be so far away." "Ada, when the time is right, I will return. Some things you cannot control. I am at peace. Can you not just accept?" He sighed once more. Pressing her head to his shoulder, he gently kissed her hair. How he missed Celebrian. She was his light, his soul mate. Just the decisions of what to wear for dinner would have been much easier with someone to share. There were times he longed to have gone with her; at others, he almost hated her for leaving him. He looked forward to the day when he and their children would once again be with her. Then he glanced at Ela. Could he convince her to go, also? He knew Elestra was looking forward to the day she would finally go to be with her beloved. Surely Ela would want to meet her grandfather. His thoughts were interrupted by the ending of the song. Bringing himself back to the present, he turned as Dalgren brought in a tray laden with wine and cheese. Setting it down, she turned to leave, only to have Ela ask her to stay. Glancing at Elrond, the woman shyly nodded. Around the edges of laughter and the clinking of glasses, the conversation turned to talk of past deeds. Erestor pretended not to notice that Ethien had crept into the background once more, a sheaf of paper in his lap. The stories would keep the boy busy for weeks, placing them just so in the book he was compiling. Erestor gave a rare smile. It was a distinct difference from the boy who only last week had been caught milling around the tavern in the village. The proprietor had allowed it until things appeared to be heading for a rough brawl. Then he had sent the boy packing with a messenger following to report to Lord Erestor. The boy was well liked in the village, but his parentage made most of the men leery of too much influence. Well into the night, Ela announced that she was going home to bed. She had work to do in the morning and could not sit around drinking and spinning tales all night. It was lost on no one that she had drunk little. Furthermore, she spun no tales. Elestra stood and nodded to Elrond, deciding that she was ready to leave, also. Legolas offered to see them home, but both ladies declined, smiling. When Ela had gathered her grandmother's wrap, she walked over to Elrond. Giving him a peck on the cheek, she turned and bid the others goodnight. Taking Elestra's arm in hers, she went with the older elleth out to the terrace. Ela taking the inside of the stairs, they started down. When they had reached the bottom, Elestra looked back at the sound of footsteps following them. Catching up, Haldir said to Ela, "You forgot your lute. Your father suggested I return it to you." "Thank you," she said softly. "That is twice in two nights. I am getting forgetful." Elestra smiled in the dark. Forgetful, indeed. So, Elrond had finally caught on. It took him long enough. They walked in silence. Reaching the house, Elestra excused herself and went indoors. Ela sat on the cushioned swing hanging from the porch ceiling. She left enough room for him to sit, should he be inclined. Taking her lute from him, she plucked a few notes. She pretended not to notice when he sat down. She picked out the tune of a song that she and Meliel had written together. "Was Legolas correct?" he hesitated to know the answer. "In what way?" she asked. "Are you returning?" He held his breath. She stopped playing. "I am. Soon. But not yet." He sat back. Looking up into the mountains, he glanced at the sky above. A single star shone through the clouds. At last. It was the first in days. He could not remember such a run of overcast weather. "Would you like to go riding tomorrow?" she asked him, unexpectedly. He glanced at her to gauge her seriousness. "I cannot," he said, regretfully. "I must return home. I have delivered the messages I was sent with and your father will have some for me to carry back." "Oh," she said. "When will you return?" "I have no idea. Whenever the Lord or Lady has need. I do have a duty to them." "Ah, yes. A duty. Well, then, I will bid you farewell. I am up early to my duties. Please send word when you or Rúmil may be coming. I would like to hear from those in Lórien. I do miss Gariel and Orophin." "I have news; Gariel is expecting a child. She wanted me to tell you. Something about speeches not being wasted." He had a slightly confused look on his face. She laughed. "That is wonderful. She has wanted a daughter for so long. Please, give her my best. I will see her soon." "I will, but she will want to know when. She has missed you sorely." "I miss many. It will be soon enough." She stood. "Thank you for coming to dinner last night. It made a pleasurable evening even more so." She turned to go into the house. Did he notice the slight pause? If so, nothing was said, so she went in and closed the door. He sat for several minutes before rising and heading back across the field. He did not look back. Had he done so, he would have seen her standing in the window watching him leave, once again.