affect upon Legolas. "I give you my solemn word that no hint of this shall become public knowledge. You love your brother, do you not?" "Of course I do, but I do not see " Rammas broke off and licked his lips, hands nervously twisting together again. "Then say it," commanded Elrond, rising and gazing down upon his guest, his tone and presence daunting, the subtle power of Vilya cloaking him in a might far beyond the comprehension of his deceitful guest. "Tell me that you love your brother. I would hear your voice when you speak those words." Rammas rose, too, and backed from the desk. "I do not know what you mean. Of course I love my brother, Lord Elrond." "And Legolas?" "What?" "Your brother. Tell me what manner of love Legolas bears for you." Rammas stood gaping, face wan and eyes wide, breath suspended, frozen in dread. He shook his head and a hand raised to trail against his throat as he swallowed again. Finally he heaved a shaky breath and sought to answer, knowing that all would be revealed to this ancient elf as soon as he spoke. What then? "Adar must not find out," he blurted the words in desperation. "He could not bear it and he has only so recently healed. That is the only reason I " and he stopped, unable to go on until he knew what Elrond would do. "Hîren, you must see how serious is our situation. Greenwood needs her King and Thranduil needs to believe all is well with his sons." "Greenwood needs her King? Forgive me, but that is preposterous. Do you mean to tell me Thranduil is content to have Legolas torn from him? Do you imply he does not grieve for what has happened to him already? What father could be content knowing one of his children has three times sought to end his life?" Elrond thundered, disgusted by such excuses. Then he reined in his wrath and drew a deep breath. "It is simple enough and your father will understand, Rammas. He will understand and forgive. I understand and forgive, for this sin is the the result of fear, grief, unintentional neglect, and desperate loneliness. Who is it who will not forgive, your betrothed? Her family?" "Sin? Forgiveness?" shouted Rammas, fists clenching tight. "I have tried to be a good brother to him; this is Legolas' doing! I am the one who stood by him always; I am the one who has taken care of him, loved him! Now that I have a chance for a life of my own, he would destroy it and ruin me!" "Strange, it is not you lying in the infirmary, Rammas. Once more I exhort you: admit what you have done for your own sake as much as your brother's." Elrond paused and watched as Rammas' eyes tore from him, furtively flickering around the room, assessing his means of escape, a trapped rat if ever the Elven Lord had seen one. It was in his nature to be merciful, yet the prince's behaviour was not conducive to that natural response. Even so, he had been wrong before and must give the ellon every opportunity to unburden his soul. Sadly, Thranduil's heir rejected the saving grace of confession. Rammas drew himself tall, gathering his regal heritage around him. "Your words trouble and confuse me," he said coldly."I brought my brother here for help and instead I hear only accusations that I am responsible for what has happened. This suspicion and doubt does not serve and I will take Legolas elsewhere. I will get him to Mithlond alive even if I have to bind him for the entire journey. Please forgive the intrusion of our family crisis into your peaceful realm." He gave a curt half bow and turned to go but Elrond's voice halted him. "You may go at your leave, but Legolas must stay here." "I beg your pardon, Hîren, buy that " "That is how it will be. He is ill, sick unto death. He will not survive the journey. Three times he has tried to die and as in any undertaking, practice leads to expertise. He will succeed before you reach the Havens. Is that what you want?" "No! How can you imply that?" "I imply nothing," snapped Elrond. "I am being quite explicit, Rammas. Under your care, Legolas will die. Here, there is a chance he might be healed, body and soul, for he is young. You are both young," Elrond continued, more compassion in his voice. "Even now you are less than three-hundred years and thus so is Legolas. I do not believe you truly want him to die; you are just frightened and emotions moved beyond your control." "What? I am not afraid." Yet the timbre and tone of his words belied their spoken meaning. "Go, Rammas Thranduilion, Prince of Greenwood. Return to your homeland and marry your Lady. I will send word to King Thranduil on Legolas' condition." Elrond ordered sternly, having heard all he cared to for now. He felt pity for Rammas but he could not expend any more energy on him at the moment. Legolas must be his concern. "You are not to see him before you leave. By noon on the morrow, you and all your contingent must be across Bruinen. This is my decree; do not go against it or be assured that my report to your adar will be entirely too detailed for your comfort." Rammas stood in stupefied disbelief, unable to conjure words of rebuttal, and Elrond did not wait for him to recover his composure. He exited through the open portico adjacent to his study and headed across the lawn, making for the House of Healing. TBC The Names: RAMMAS: Wall TALAGAN: Harper MUINDORADAR: Uncle (brother-father) FORN'WAEW: North Wind SAMMAR: Neighbour GILION: Star Son Disclaimer: Main characters and settings originally created by JRR Tolkien. Just for fun, no money earned. OC's and story are erobey's.