as Gandalf had been poking his nose about weeks before they left. Yes, they had withdrawn from all their classes. Yes, they had not seemed quite their usual selves in the days leading up to their disappearance. Yes, Bilbo Baggins had sold Bag End to those dreadful Sackville-Bagginses, and retired to somewhere in the country. Yes, a number of odd-looking strangers had come to town asking about the four's whereabouts just after they took off. The friends were on the run, were out of the country on a secret mission, had been kidnapped, or worse. It had been awful. But now… The morning's Hobbiton Inquirer on the end of the counter proclaims on its front page "MEU to Give Former Students Heroes' Welcome," accompanied by an old photo of the four young men who has caused such an intrigue of mystery here. The details were few and vague. Mainly the four were back in the area and would be honored for their role in saving MEU. She senses a charged excitement in the air. The Green Dragon Café is again fuller and busier than usual. The supposed return of the four young men is quite the topic of conversation, many trying to unravel the mystery. Personally, she is unable to stop her hands from shaking and her heart from pounding nervously. At 9:05 a series of shouts and exclamations fills the air, and she looks up to see the four of them enter, trailed by an entourage of friends. Amongst the celebration she can only stare at them, no, him . Noting the strong muscles that have developed in his arms (and the scars which have not completely faded), the short beard covering his cheeks and chin, and his blue eyes (innocence gone, replaced with understanding and a dull light). And her heart breaks for him. She can barely hear herself speak over all the noise, so she tries to convey her feelings through her face as she silently rings up their orders, not having forgotten after all this time. They look so old, tired, thinner, paler, a little lost here. Caught under the café's bright lights, surrounded by the customers' laughter and jokes as though they have been away for simply a day and everything is just the way it was. The smiles they give her in return are awkward, strained. Just he lingers a second after accepting his coffee, his eyes studying her intently as though ensuring she is well. (Yet she is not the one who has been away almost a year on an unknown quest.) It is her turn for her smile not to reach her eyes, her heart settling on her sleeve. But he does not see either, because some of the girls who followed him and his friends shepherd him away. And when he and the others leave with no nod or wave, surrounded by people offering support and demanding answers and extending invitations, she tells herself it is enough that he lives, is back. With his newfound popularity he likely will not be coming back, at least not anytime soon. He will be busy with other things and other people. A hero he is now, apparently. ( At what cost? ) It is enough . VIII. She returns later after her classes are done for the day. Now the café is nearly empty, the calm before the evening rush. The quiet helps her to relax, for the whirlwind inside her to finally slow down, and she sets to work wiping down tables. "Hello, Rosie." The low greeting causes her to freeze. Disbelieving, slowly she turns around. "Hello, Sam," she replies with difficulty, faintly surprised to see him alone. A long pause stretches out between them, with him stuffing his hands into his jeans' pockets, and she fiddling with her damp rag. "I knew you would return," the words slip out without her permission. She barely glimpses the widening of his eyes before she turns away to resume cleaning the table with a vengeance. A faint touch on her arm halts her movements and gently coaxes her to face him again. "Thank you. That means a lot. That you didn't give up on us," his voice cracks. She shakes her head. "No, how could I? You had a job to do; Frodo and the others needed you." Instead of shying away from her gaze as was his habit in the past, he looks steadily back at her. Faint color dusts his cheeks, and his eyes lighten a little with warmth. "I thought of you often while we were gone, Rosie," he confesses quietly. Her breath is stolen, and she searches for words. "I missed you, Sam," she admits, in turn, with a tiny smile. A glint of determination enters his eyes and he steps closer. "The last morning I was here, I could not ask you the question I wanted to. Perhaps if I had asked it the day I first met you instead of letting my uncertainty win out and keep putting it off…, " he trails off. Hesitantly he reaches out for her hand, and she does not refuse him. "Now I would like to ask my question, if I may." "Yes?" she encourages, her voice a whisper. He presses her hand gently and looks down at her. "Rosie, would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow night?" he asks quietly. "I would love to, Sam!" she answers with a joyous smile. A huge, happy smile lightens his face, chasing away the lingering shadows from his eyes. "Great!" he breathes. Impulsively, she leans up to kiss his cheek but he twists his head, and there are his warm, soft lips brushing hers, his beard scraping her chin. Drawing back, startled, her wide eyes meet his. She blushes at the tender look he gives her, and her heart soars. Sighing, she rests her head on his chest. His arms wrap gently, protectively around her. Now she feels she is home. THE END