would be stepping onto the Field of Celebrant, where only a narrow, reed-choked tributary separated them from the Wold. He glanced over and saw them fighting to get across Anduin, orcs not the swiftest of swimmers. The mare's hooves struck the pebbled bottom of the western shore and she heaved herself up a steep embankment onto the rugged, lonely fields skirting the ancient forest of Fangorn. The Wold was sparsely populated, a croft here and there and scattered herds of horses and their keepers, for it bordered the lush meadows of Rohan. Perhaps, if their luck held and the magnificent steed's heart did not burst, Aragorn could get his injured ally there. To spare her, the man slid from her back and jogged along in time with her plodding trot, hand upon the archer to steady him for the mare was lurching and stumbling. He looked back and saw the Uruks halted in the plain, bellowing commands at the Mordor orcs who were rampaging up and down the edge of the swamp. They were not coming across. It had been a near thing, for wargs were good swimmers, and had they followed there was no doubt they'd have caught up once ashore. As he'd gambled, whatever was happening at Dol Guldur was more important than two spies. There was hope again and Aragorn praised the horse softly. She stopped then, head low and sides heaving, and turned her head to nudge against her master's leg. She stamped and issued a strident snort, eyes boring into the man's. Clearly she knew the Wood Elf was in dire need of care and would go no further until he received it. Aragorn found her prognosis beyond reproach for he could find evidence of neither pulse nor breath. Quickly he dragged the archer to the ground and set to saving him. He had to breathe for his patient almost a full minute before the ellon gave a gagging heave and expelled a putrid flux of blood, water, and black bile. "Elbereth, just breathe, mellon," Aragorn smiled and turned him on his side as the gut wrenching gasps continued. "Indestructible," he grunted in admiration as colour returned to the elf's cheeks. He moaned in dismal misery as Aragorn rolled him over and then angry blue eyes focused on him. "Now let me see to your hurts and we may yet have a chance to tell a tale to rival Glorfindel's narrowest escapes." "Nae, ni wannâ," the elf ground out, fisting the ground beneath him as the wound was prodded. He hissed in the agony that flared with every touch and flashed the man an accusing glare. "I don't know what you just said, but it sounded rather hopeless," Aragorn scowled back. "Prove to me you speak SIndarin and answer in kind: Do the woodland folk despair so quickly? Have you any concept of what this horse of yours has gone through to get you safely this far?" The ellon's brows quirked skyward and his eyes searched for his horse as a faint smile replaced the morose expression. "Aye, Tuilelindô, tolo," he whispered and she obeyed, dropping her muzzle down into his hand and blowing softly over his palm. "Good, much better. Now this arrow must come free and that is not a thing you will like, mellon, but you are indeed blessed by the Valar, for I have studied the healing arts under no less a master than Lord Elrond of Imladris," Aragorn said, offering his most professional and confident healer's smile. "Matters nothing," spoke the Wood Elf. "Uruk archers always use poison; makes up for poor aim. But do what you may and I hold no debt against you, here or in Mandos." "Graciously spoken," Aragorn dipped his head gravely. "If we speak again we will learn each other's names and swear friendship, for we will have beat down death, you for me and I for you." He worked as quickly as he could and was neither surprised nor dismayed when his patient lost consciousness during the procedure, for it was long and gruelling. Just one grating cry had escaped him and then he was still and unresponsive. Aragorn could not refute the sylvan's experience concerning Uruk archers for the wound bled more than it should and he had to sew shut the gaping hole with a strand of the elf's hair. Even then the gash seeped and Aragorn bound it tightly with herbs and gauze. Then he could but wait and hope. Two hours passed before the Wood Elf came to, struggling to control his need to give voice to the agony and failing, shivering and twitching on the ground. He opened his eyes and fixed them on Aragorn. "Ni ringi," he muttered in forlorn and fretting tones, drifting away again, eyes blinking shut. "Somehow, I doubt that was your name you spoke just now," quipped the man softly and smiled. He smoothed his hand over the damp brow and wished he had asked the name first. Now he might never learn who had saved his life. TBC Some Important Dates to Keep in Mind: taken from Encyclopaedia of Arda 2930 Birth of Denethor in Minas Tirith, later to become Steward Denethor II. 2931 1 March Birth of Aragorn II Elessar. 2941 Expulsion of the Necromancer from Dol Guldur by the White Council. October The Battle of Five Armies. 2948 Birth of Théoden, later King of Rohan. 2951 The Nazgûl are sent to reclaim Dol Guldur. 2953 Death of Steward Turgon. He is succeeded by his son, Ecthelion II. Death of King Fengel of Rohan. He is succeeded by his son Thengel. 2957 Aragorn enters the service of Thengel of Rohan, under the alias of Thorongil. 2980 Death of King Thengel of Rohan. He is succeeded by his son Théoden. 'Thorongil' (Aragorn) leaves the service of Gondor and travels into the east. Disclaimer: Main characters and settings originally created by JRR Tolkien. Just for fun, no money earned. OC's and story are erobey's.