sighed with a shrug. "I would not try to stop you, Shae. I just wanted to make sure you knew what you were heading into. We've grown up on the stories of amad and adad 's journey over the Misty Mountains, the danger they faced." "Aye, but I'm not being tracked by an orc wanting to stick my head on a pike." "No, but you know what's lurking, what's growing in the south. Amad had made no secret of it and now you're heading to ask the elves about something the Dark Lord covets, something that we actually know the location of." Rho gave her a pointed look. "All manner of foul things hide in the dark places of the world." "I know that, Rho, but none of you can risk going. This may be my last chance to do something meaningful." She gave them a smile. "Your concern is touching, though." "Well, at least I know you can use those swords of yours. I spent enough time in the training rings with you," Durin proclaimed with a smirk. She laughed. "My skill is all thanks to adad and Dwalin. You only taught me how to scare the raven master and sneak snacks from Bombur." "That's hard to do!" he protested and they all shared a laugh. The three quickly sobered, though. "Be careful, Shae. Don't go looking for trouble," Rho insisted, patting her shoulder. "I'll be fine. Besides, I'll have Gimli with me." Durin rolled his eyes. "I hope you haven't forgotten all amad 's lessons in diplomacy. They may just come in handy with him around." It was a small crowd gathered in the pre-dawn darkness two days later. The ones leaving for Rivendell were finishing their farewells. Gloin and Gimli were already mounted, as were the soldiers accompanying them. Thorin and Rhae were giving a few last minute instructions to Malv and Humlin, the two Elders chosen to join them. As Shae stood with her brothers she couldn't help but roll her eyes. She knew why those two had been picked. They were the ones that were closest to her mother, usually taking Rhae's side in issues. She also knew they had a healthy fear of crossing Thorin. They would do anything to please their monarchs. They were, in her parents' eyes, the perfect chaperons: willing to keep her reined in and most likely over protective. "Try not to cause your companions too much grief," Durin told her with a grin. "I would never do such a thing." They laughed, knowing she was the biggest trouble maker of them all. "Send word occasionally. I'm interested in hearing if Rivendell is as bad as Dori and Dwalin always say it is." "You could've volunteered," Shae told her brother, casting a sly glance at Rho as she finished strapping her packs to her horse. "Well, I'm not that interested," was his quick reply. He then pulled her into a tight hug. "Be careful, namadith ." Then it was Durin's turn to embrace her. "See some of the world for me," he whispered in her ear. She nodded as their parents approached, knowing that deep down he would love to take such a journey. "I'm sending Maec with you so you can send messages whenever you feel the need. Keep us updated with your progress and what happens in Rivendell." "Thank you, adad ." She eyed the large raven sitting on the wall near by, knowing it was listening to their conversation. Her mother hugged her tightly but Shae knew that out of everyone, she was the only one who understood her need to see more of their world. She just felt there was a reason she was supposed to go west and was eager to discover why. "Belan will be just as thrilled to travel as you, my dear," she said, running a hand through the black horse's mane. He was a descendant of her own Tâlagor and she'd chosen him specifically for Shae a couple years earlier. "I will give Lord Elrond your greetings ... and thank you amadel ." "I look forward to the tales you'll have to tell when you return." Rhae met her eyes and Shae could've sworn her mother knew something she didn't. "Trust your heart and your instincts, nâthuê kurdu ." A quick kiss on the forehead and they turned to Thorin. He embraced her tightly. "Always be on your guard. You will be in charge but make sure to heed the advice of others." He ran a hand down one of the braids hanging by her face then pressed his forehead to hers. "I'm very proud of you, ghivashel . Stay safe, mizimith ." She swung up onto her horse and Thorin gripped her hand a moment longer. Taking a deep breath he turned to the gathered crowd. " Dayamu khuzan ai-menu. Mahal tadnani astû, sanzigil tamkhihi astû . We look forward to word of your meetings with distant friends." With a confident smile at her parents Shae spurred Belan to the head of the group and lead them out the Main Gate. She turned around once to give her family a wave then turned her face to the south and whatever adventures awaited her. "She won't come home, will she?" Durin asked as he moved to stand next to his mother, his eyes sad. "Oh, she'll come home but not for long and she will be quite changed," Rhae answered, wrapping an arm around Thorin's waist as he silently watched his daughter ride away. adad - father nathith - young daughter akhminruki astû - thank you so much amad - mother amrâlimê - my love namadith - little sister amadel - mother of all mothers nâthuê kurdu - daughter of my heart ghivashel - treasure of all treasures mizimith - jewel that is young dayamu khuzan ai-menu - blessings of the ancestors upon you Mahal tadnani astû, sanzigil tamkhihi astû - Mahal guide you and mithril find you (good luck, farewell)