Luv ya all! Reader Responses! Legolasgurl88: Thank you very much! And yeah, this story is the last one. Number three in my trilogy! Yay! I expect this story to be just as long or longer than the last one. Something like that…I seriously doubt it will be as long as the first installment though! LOL. Thanks for reviewing! Love you! arkel83: I think you've reviewed before…you're screen name seems familiar. But hey! Thanks for reviewing anyway! I'm flattered by your comments and hope you will like this story as much as my others. I look forward to writing this story as much as the other, and I hope you look forward to writing and reviewing! Thanks ever so much! LegyLuva: I know it's so sad…I'm so mean to Legolas…kill his brother, his best friend, now his wife. You are so right. I'm mean. But that's the way the story's gotta be! Thanks a bunch for reviewing for like, forever, LegyLuva! I certainly hope you get the time to read Part III! Thanks again! Andmetwen: Well, first of all, NO, Legolas isn't going to die! I could never bare to kill him, just everone around him. (Eesh…that was awfully cruel of me, wasn't it?) But to answer your question, Ithildor is more elvish than human. But you must know that it's because he doesn't know that his mom was mortal that he's stayed that way. He's kind of like Arwen…he was born with both human and elf in him, but he was raised and appears as an elf…but if he chooses, he can become human. The catch is that Legolas hid Ithildor's past, including the fact that his mother was a human from him…so Ithildor really has no clue. It's hard to explain, I hope I didn't confuse you. But Ithildor will uncover some pretty earth-shaking secrets as the story goes on…stay tuned, and thanks! frodofreak88: OH, the story can continue in a million ways! As I said before in this chapter, this story will follow Ithildor's journey more than his parents (even Legolas—sorry Legolas lovers). But maybe I should add this small snippet: What Ithildor discovers during his little adventures will have to do a lot with his parents, and you'll find out we haven't seen the last of a lot of characters from the first story! Thank you very much and I look forward to hearing from you again! Anonymous: (the one that's an emotional 12-year-old): Wow…I've never seen someone so passionate about a story. I guess I can understand you not wanting to read a sad story…I personally favor happy endings myself…but the point is that Eressa had to die in order for this story to continue. I'm not mad at you, and I'm not gonna call you names. (Heck, I was twelve once too, and I was equally emotional, if not more—so I can relate.) But if you don't like the fact that Eressa died in my story it than you don't have to continue reading it, but thanks anyway for your reviews! PS: I don't know if this will make up for the loss of Eressa, but here's another spoiler that I think will interest you in particular: One of the new characters I'm creating is about your age (if not a little older) and will play a very large role in the story! And I promise I won't kill them. There is absolutely no character death in this story! Rejoice happy ending fans! Nirobie: Thanks a bunch! I'm glad you liked the last chaper even though it made you sad! Thank for being a great reviewer, Nirobie! I look forward to writing some more and hearing more from you! Thanks again! The Noble Platypus: EEP! dodges thrown objects PLEASE DON'T HURT ME! Eressa had to die! It was necessary! It had to be done! LOL.Thank you for all you're unending compliments, Platy! I'm glad you thought the overall story was great, even though you thought Eressa's death 'sucked'. LOL. I hope you'll like this story as much as the others…but I must warn you…you're going to be reading more about Ithildor than anybody else…but I promise it will be good! In fact, I think out of the whole trilogy, this story will be my favorite! I hope you'll like it too! Oh…and by the way, don't worry about my fingers. They've healed just right! I can even play piano again. It's my elbow that really still bothers me. When I fell I split it open, even the muscle, and it still hurts too much for me to lean on! Argh! But thanks for your concern, and I hope to hear from you again soon! Love you girl! darkangelgep: GAH! DON'T KILL ME! Have mercy on a poor fanfic writer…I had it in mind for Eressa to die from the beginning. Sounds terrible of me to have her and Legolas go through all that just to have her die, but you yourself said it was nicely done, eh? She had to die, or otherwise I couldn't write this story! Personally, I think this story will be my favorite! I hope you will like it too! Thanks for the review (and the forgiveness!) Love you! Kitsune Kida: Hey! Nice to hear from you again! Thanks for your compliments. I'm flattered to hear that you thought it was awesome. Thanks a lot. I will continue with the next story…and I hope you liked this chapter and I hope you will like the rest of it! Thanks again! Deana: Er…yeah…I killed Eressa. I know it was mean (and apparently unexpected), but it was also necessary for this story to be written. This story will be about Ithildor more than anyone else. But I hope you continue reading and reviewing, and I'm very grateful for all your support! Thanks ever so much, Deana! I love you! (But I'm sorry to make you cry…here, have a tissue.) LOL. Thanks again! MY LAST STORY RECEIVED 230 REVEIWS! THANKS GUYS! I LOVE YOU!