in the fires of Mount Doom. Only there can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back in the fiery chasm from whence it came." He peered at each of them sternly. "One of you... must do this." Anna turned to Frodo as the men around them began to bicker. The Hobbit looked as though he were still in as much pain as she. Anna took his hand and gently squeezed before letting go. He glanced at her and tried to smile, but it faltered before it began. Then the bickering erupted into full-blown arguments with yelling, and wildly exaggerated hands. She then took the opportunity to speak to him quietly. "It'll be alright you know." She said, trying to sound re-assuring. "How do you know that?" He winced, the grip on his forehead getting tighter as the bickering grew more heated. "I just do. Trust yourself, and everything will be fine." She replied, leaning back in her seat and watched the rest of them argue, while Gandalf moved to join them. She didn't miss the Hobbit's look of utter confusion at her before his attention suddenly snapped to the Ring. Whatever it was muttering to him, she knew this was what would make his decision. The reflection of the argument grew in the Ring's band, and fire started to envelop those within it. It seemed to fit with what Gandalf said earlier, it would destroy them all if they let it remain as it was. "I will take it!" Frodo stood, taking a few steps toward them, but he was so short and quiet, he had to raise his voice and repeat himself. "I will take the Ring to Mordor!" He suddenly had each of their attention. Gandalf was visibly uneasy about the Hobbit's declaration. "Though….I do not know the way." Frodo admitted, look to each of them with hope. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins," said Gandalf, "as long as it is yours to bear." He walked toward the Hobbit and stood behind him, much like he did with Anna during the beginning of the Council. She watched as each of the Fellowship's members announced their allegiance to the Halfling, and looking to Elrond, expected him to declare them the Fellowship as they were but he didn't. Instead, he was frowning, looking between herself and Gandalf, clearly disturbed. Just as it looked as if he were about to speak again, Samwise Gamgee came sprinting out of the bushes near them, and rushed over to the gathered group. "Mr. Frodo's not going anywhere without me!" He exclaimed, crossing his arms over his chest, trying to look intimidating and final. She was happy to see Elrond's mood lift in amusement at Sam's insistence at being taken along as well. "Clearly it is impossible to separate you two, even when he is summoned to a secret council and you are not." He smirked at them. She gave a little laugh, earning her the split-second gaze of the Fellowship, as she knew who else would be joining them soon enough. As if on cue, Merry and Pippin came running and stood next to Frodo as well, claiming they were joining as well. Pippin spoke up, "You need people of intelligence for this sort of mission...quest...thing." "Well, that rules you out, Pip." Merry remarked. She grinned widely. She was familiar with this. Merry and Pippin's camaraderie and good-natured teasing. Maybe things hadn't changed so much after all. "Nine companions…." Elrond began, shooting a quick glance at Anna, before turning back toward the group, "So be it. You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring." At his announcement, it was almost as if they all straightened once the importance of this journey was understood. "Right," Pippin broke in, "Where are we going?" They all gave a laugh at the Hobbit's pure innocence and foolishness, but their humor quickly evaporated. They soon separated to ready themselves for the journey, and were scattered throughout Imladris for the time-being. Unable to contain herself any longer, she walked over to Gandalf and Elrond. She didn't care if she was about to be rude to people who had helped her when she clearly couldn't help herself. She needed answers, and she wasn't about to just sit back, and allow her only chance at returning home slip through her fingers. By the time she had reached them though, they already begun their conversation. She hung back, listening with bated breath. "Gandalf," Elrond said, "She cannot stay here. She is as much a danger to Rivendell as the Ring itself." The wizard took on an agitated expression. "That may not be true. We still have no knowledge as to why Saruman brought her here. I did not think you to be so cold toward someone who needed your help, Lord Elrond. Perhaps I was wrong." "I will not risk my people for an outsider who is not of this world. I held her here while she recovered, but now that she has, there is no further reason for her to remain. You must either deal with her and leave the Fellowship, or bring her with you." Anna's heart sunk. Even Elrond didn't want to risk her staying here any longer than necessary. If Gandalf didn't agree to help her, she would be lost. There would be no hope for her. "I am looking out for the good of all when I say this, Gandalf - you cannot leave her. You alone are the only one who truly knows Saruman, and you alone can help her. Not I, nor any other elf you come across. Elf-magic is not strong enough to hide her forever. I understand why you hesitate to expose her to such dangers, but it may be the only way." When she heard Gandalf's sigh of resignation, she knew what he had decided and felt her hope dwindle. She was joining the Fellowship, and there was nothing she could do about it.