no prince charming would come to her rescue and make her his bride. Perhaps as a extra cruelty from the Valar or Eru Ilúvatar Himself as punishment for being a Mary-Sue who did not belong in Middle-earth at all, Gloria Sapphire Sakura ended up giving birth to no less than ten slave children with different male slaves as the many fathers during the twenty-five years she was living there under her new owner. "Legolas…" For the other slaves, she was forever known as a crazy lunatic, someone who never had managed to teach herself their language and who once had been a stunning beautiful teenage girl but transformed into a worn-out, prematurely aged woman as she grew older and without any access to the beauty articles that she once had been able to use in the 21th century. At the age of just forty-two, looking at least twenty years older than her actual age and worn out by the harsh life as a slave in Rhun's not very gentle climate, and pretty much gone a very long way from her teenage fantasy of marrying Legolas and becoming Princess of Mirkword, Gloria Sapphire Sakura ended up dying in childbirth as she gave birth to the third set of twins that she had borne, mourned and missed by no one in the household except the children she had birthed. ~X~X~X~X~X~X As one can understand, her death in Middle-earth turned out to be the only way of returning to the 21th century. But Gloria Sapphire Sakura was hit with a very painful dose of reality when she returned to her home city and tried to find her birth family. Both her mom and dad had died of high age or a heart attack just a few years before she came back, still in the horrible belief that their youngest daughter was dead. Her older sister, now a married woman and mother of five children on forty-four years, refused to believe that this unkept, unhealthly-looking and prematurely aged woman really was her younger sister. "My sister is dead! She was lost to us over 27 years ago, when she either ran away or was kidnapped! How dare you come here and claim that you are her! Get out of my house and away from my family! Do not dare showing yourself around here again!" the older sister shouted before slamming the door in her face. Perhaps for the first time in a otherwise childish attempt to hope that she would be welcomed back home with open arms and just needing to apologize to her family before everything would be like before in her childhood again, Gloria Sapphire Sakura truly realized just how much she had hurted her parents and sister that time, so many years back in time, by going to Middle-earth. Thanks to her selfish actions, she would be unable to ever show them what a fool she had been as a fifteen-year-old girl. "I am so sorry...I am really sorry..." In the end, Gloria Sapphire Sakura ended up living the life of a homeless person on the streets, as she was unable to show any papers needed for a job or anything to help her prove that she really was the same Gloria Sapphire Sakura who had gone missing so many years back. And with that, she blended into the mass of people who had lost a identity somehow, vanishing once more from the life of the only person who maybe could have understood that she was not lying. The same 15-year-old who once had daydreamed of being a Princess of Mirkwood by marriage to Legolas. This proved just how unwelcome Mary-Sues actually were in Middle-earth, because of how those fan-made female characters disturbed the canon events and their mere presence in-story was a deep sign of unknown disrespect for all the time that Tolkien had spent during his whole life in order to create Arda. ~X~X~X~X~X~X Author's note; I did choose Turkish for the story, so what they says in order is; Ne oldu = What was that Bir şey gökten düştü = Something fell from the sky Kuzeyden gelen bu şeytanların biri = One of those demons from the north Muhafızlar! Muhafızlar! = Guards! Guards! Bir kız? O tüm bu kuzey şeytanların biri gibi görünmüyor = A girl? She doesn't look like one of those northern demons at all Kızım yürü! = Walk on, girl! Onu sahibinin kim söyleyebilir köle işareti bakın = I see no slave mark that tell who her owner is Yeni bir kız mı = A new girl Sanki o yatak odanızdaki usta çekmek olabilir. Ona göğüsleri çok büyük kesinlikle sopa, hiçbir kadın formlar olarak sıska ve bak = As if she could attract our master in the bedroom. Look at her, skinny as a stick, no female forms, and certainly too big at her breasts! Hatta ben satıldı Rohan gelen bu kadınlar, bu kız çok daha kadınsı görünüyordu = Even those women from Rohan which I was sold with, looked far more feminine than this girl! Eğer yatakta odasında oğlum için sunulabilir önce, görgü ve uygun davranışları öğretti gerekiyor gibi görünüyor = It looks like you needs to be taught manners and proper behaviour, before you can be presented for my son in the bed chamber Oğlum bu gece itaat edin ve onun yatakta sadece tek bir zamanda daha sık onun dikkatini alabilirsiniz = Obey my son tonight and you might get his attention more often than just one single time in his bed. Ben onun güzelliği için köle pazarında onu seçti zaman gerçekten sarhoş olmuş olmalı = I must have been really drunk when I chose her at the slave market for her beauty. En kısa sürede o doğuştan kurtarıldı olarak onu satmak = Sell her as soon as she has recovered from birth Burada cariye bu tür olmaz = I will not have that kind of concubine here Bebeğe bak = Look at the baby Bunları ayrı ayrı satmak = Sell them separately