skill if I ever wanted to go camping overnight with Pippin." Gimli laughed at that and looked over at the aforementioned hobbit, who was flashing Merry a rather unflattering hand gesture. It made Gimli laugh even harder. "Do you even know what that means?" He asked, shaking with mirth. Pippin shrugged. "I know it's not a compliment!" Boromir reached over his shoulder and grabbed ahold of Pippin's hands, effectively stopping the hobbit from making the gestures. He glanced first at Gandalf, then at Aragorn. "Something tells me that we're not really going to be able to get much further today, so why don't we just stop for a bit longer? I could teach young Merry and Pippin, here, how to properly use those swords of theirs and perhaps keep them occupied for a while." Pippin grinned inwardly. The man was probably hoping that Pippin would also be too distracted to think of the sex question, too. Maybe he should just let it go, after all, he got what he really wanted: entertainment. Just then, Merry caught his eye and made him frown. He tried to pull his hands free, but Boromir's grip simply tightened. Still looking at Aragorn, the man of Gondor spoke to Pippin. "Little one, quit moving so much or you'll fall off." "But Merry's making faces and bad gestures at me again and I don't like it!" Pippin whined petulantly. Everybody looked over at Merry. Merry stared back, his face the picture of innocence. "What?" he exclaimed, putting a whiny tone to his voice as well. "Do I look like I would do something like that?" Gimli, out of Merry's sight, mouthed 'He did it', making everyone grin at Merry. Merry, however, frowned at all the smiles he was getting. "I don't think I like any of you people anymore." He muttered darkly. Aragorn glanced at Gimli. "Gimli." The dwarf looked over at him curiously. Aragorn mouthed something to him and pointed at the ground. Gimli raised an eyebrow, shrugged, and promptly dumped Merry on his bottom in the dirt and walked away. "OW! That hurt!" Merry howled, glaring at both Aragorn and Gimli. "I take it back! I like Gandalf better than all of you!" Gandalf chuckled, making them all look over at where he was sitting with Frodo actually on his lap. "Sorry, Master Meriadoc, but I already have a hobbit." He gestured to Frodo, who was packing Gandalf's pipe and putting a match to it. "As you can see he's quite useful." Frodo grinned at the comment but didn't look up from the pipe. He did deign to make a comment of his own, though. "Gandalf, why don't you just turn them all into toads and get it over with? We'd probably travel a lot faster and it would be much quieter." Aragorn, Gimli, Merry, and Pippin all stared at Gandalf—who seemed to be seriously considering the idea—in apprehension. Gandalf gave Frodo a fond pat on the head and took the pipe that was handed to him. "Like I said, quite useful." He took a long puff off of the pipe and blew out a smoke ring. The others turned the look of apprehension onto Frodo at that point, and all started edging away slowly except for Legolas and Sam, who were apparently discussing their dinner menu and all the possible uses for frog legs. The rest of the group seemed to decide all at the same time to edge away from them as well. Boromir chimed in. " Or, " he put an emphasis on the word to get everyone's attention. "We could just stop for a while and let me teach the two troublemakers how to fight." "FIGHTING LESSON!" Pippin shouted out hurriedly, making Boromir wince. Pippin glanced pointedly down at Merry who spoke up, his voice much quieter than his cousin's. "Uh, yeah. A lesson sounds good! We like learning, don't we Pip?" He picked himself up off the ground and brushed himself off. "We sure do!" was the overenthusiastic reply. "It's our favorite past time!" Sam paused in the dinner discussion to reply. "Between raids on Farmer Maggot's vegetable garden, that is." Pippin glared at Sam. "You don't speak this entire time, and then when you do speak, that is what you say?" Merry turned a glare onto Sam as well. "Learning. Sam. We love to learn." His tone suggested that Sam may want to shut up now. Sam gave both hobbits a long hard look before turning back to Legolas. "Frog soup sounds good." Legolas nodded. "Oh, I'd have to agree. It's sounding better and better all the time." "We may want to confiscate Sam from the elf." Gimli muttered to Aragorn. "He's becoming a bad influence. The elf, I mean." Legolas didn't bother directly responding to that, but just turned to Frodo and Gandalf. "I'm loving the toad idea more and more. Not only are they edible, but they're silent too." "I'll make sure to stick in your damned throat, elf." Was the dwarf's gruff reply. Sensing that things were about to take a steep downhill dive, Boromir spoke up once more. "Ooookaaayyyyy, sword lessons it is, then!" He said as cheerfully as possible. He swung Pippin down from his back and chuckled as the two hobbits excitedly darted off to get their swords. Frodo chuckled as he slid off of Gandalf's lap. "You can still turn them into toads, you know!" "Maybe later." Was the reply. "Right now I think I'd like to see how this 'lesson' turns out." Gandalf grinned at Frodo. "I'll bet you my favorite pipe that Master Boromir will be left in tears five minutes into teaching those two knuckleheads to fence." Frodo's eyes gleamed with mirth. "I think I'll take you up on that!" End AN: Well, that story took forever~! I hope you all find it amusing, and I hope I wrote with the characters correctly~! If not, then tell me what I could've done better. Tell me what you think~!