offer against Sauron? "Then your foolish ideas will kill us all" he said quietly sounded crushed and finished. "If I can't reason with you, I have no mercy for you. Do what you must, but take my words with you cowardly son of Gondor" I should have raised my blade one last time, but I turned away leaving him in the hands of the Orcs that enjoyed the pleasures of ripping flesh from bone while their victim still lived. I felt detached from my mind, feeling no compassion to my comrades I ran through the woods hunting for the only one that mattered, my heart fixed on one target – the Ring. Cutting across my sight I saw a Hobbit being pursued by Orcs I gave chase and the Hobbit lead us to another, and with my bloodstained sword I cut down the nearest Orc and spun towards the Hobbits, disappointed when I saw they were Merry and Pippin instead of Frodo. Damn! Frodo has escaped and Ring was gone with him too. That thought bought me sharply back into reality: Orcs were everywhere, the Hobbits were in danger and I was all alone. I took the horn to my lips and blew praying the others will come to my aid, and then my stomach tightened as I recalled what I had done to Legolas... The screaming of the Hobbits jaunted me back or was it the intense pain in my chest? I looked down and standing proudly through my chest plate, bedded deeply into my chest stood the black shaft of an arrow. Through the flanks of the others came the giant creature I had seen earlier, his bow already loaded with another shaft. Swallowing on the pain in my chest I gripped my blooded sword tighter and continued to fight. Again the bow fired, I did not stop, but the damage was done. I could feel myself slipping away, staggering finally falling to the ground, the Hobbits shouting as they were carried away, my vision blurring and the Orcs disbanding leaving only the giant behind reloading his bow. I waited for death, release, to forget the errors I had made in my life, but again for the second time that day something happened that I was not expecting. Aragorn appeared. As I fading he fought against the giant creature and I saw him in a different light. As much as I once rejected the truth at first, I had throughout the quest become closer with this man. He had the respected qualities of a great leader: good judgement, reasoning, understanding and above all mercy. "They took the little ones" I spluttered when he came over, his battle won but another was unfolding before him, thought perhaps he was not aware of it at that time. "Stay still" he hushed me leaving over me. "Frodo, where is Frodo?" He looked at me strangely but answered by question regardless: "I let him go" "Then you did what I could not." I paused, my breathe was shallow. It was hard to hold on, but there were something's he needed to know: "I tried to take the Ring from him" Again he paused and looked at me, but this time with sadness, pity and disappointment: "The Ring is beyond our reach now" he said gently covering over his real thoughts. I believe he knew I would try before the end… "Forgive me. I did not see it." Darkness was creeping into my vision, I knew time was running thin, but there was still much I wanted to say about how I had ruined, destroyed and broke the Fellowship, why I was the weak link in the chain, how my selfishness will affect the rest of the world… "I have failed you all" "No Boromir," he said softly sensing the end was near: "You fought bravely; you have kept your honour" "Leave it, it is over." I hissed as his hands reached for the arrow shafts. There was no point, it was over and everything would be lost: "The World of Men will fall and all will come to darkness," the images I saw in Lady Galderial's mirror came back to me, it was clear now that I would no longer be able to play a part in its future, but here in front of me was a man who could, "and my city to ruin" Aragorn straightened, now aware of his battle of morals against his strength: "I do not know what strength is in my blood but I swear to you I will not let the white city fall" he looked again at me with great sadness and said softly: "Nor our people fail" "Our people," I whispered trying to push away the claws of death just for a little longer to hear this. At last he was being to see the light, and Gondor's salvation. "Our people," I echoed feeling overwhelmed. I loved my city above anything in the whole world, and to hear these words coming from an ancient line that had proved its worthiness were comforting to hear inches from death, knowing that the world I had fought hard to defend will go on, and Gondor will not vanish in the darkness of Sauron. Knowing my end was near he placed my fallen sword back into my hand and crossed my arm over my chest. Here was a great man indeed. "I would have honoured you my brother, my captain, my King" I whispered feeling the last of my strength slip away as I finally succumbed to the peace of death. "Be at peace so of Gondor." Aragorn whispered, lightly kissing the fallen man upon his forehead. He stood hearing the sounds of footfalls and looked over his shoulder to see Gimli with his head bowed and beyond him stood Legolas, marked with an ugly wound. Sadly Aragorn turned back to Boromir: "They will look for his coming from the white tower, but he will not come." End