to Legolas's hips, pulling his body up toward Éomer's. Legolas then wraps his arms around Éomer's broad torso. When Éomer pulls away for breath, Legolas's face is bright red. "Éomer..." he breathes in a slightly hoarse voice. Éomer's eyes focus on Legolas's face. The expression of hunger is not disguised. Legolas meets his gaze with the same amount of fire. Éomer leans down for another kiss, a single hand sliding up to the nape of Legolas's neck, tangling in Legolas's hair. Legolas presses back against Éomer, their tongues meeting messily once more. Each time, Legolas is less hesitant. After several break aways and returns, the two finally fall panting against the bed in a tangle of limbs. Legolas hides his burning face in the crook of Éomer's neck. Éomer's fingers comb through Legolas's hair as they lay in a sort of blissful peace before finally falling asleep. . Legolas wakes before Éomer that morning and gazes at his sleeping face in silence. Éomer looks happy to Legolas. A small smile seems to be permanently plastered onto Éomer's face. Legolas gazes at him for a long time before beginning to stand. The movement wakes Éomer up. "Hng..." Éomer groans, stretching languidly. Legolas's eyes track the movement for a second before Legolas looks away perfectly on time to avoid Éomer's questioning gaze. Éomer's chest is bare. Legolas blushes to himself at this. He doesn't remember pulling Éomer's shirt off the previous night, but the buttons on the floor remind him that he had done so. Éomer wouldn't have done such to his own shirt. Another glance toward Éomer shows multiple red lines on his chest and back... also caused by Legolas. Legolas is beside himself in embarrassment. Éomer watches him in silence. He feels that Legolas is being very cute. Too cute for such an early hour, but Éomer isn't actually complaining. Slowly he sits up and grabs Legolas, pulling Legolas's back to his chest. Legolas leans into the hug with a slight smile, his embarrassment temporarily forgotten. The two sit in silence for a long time when a strange feeling passes over Legolas. Legolas turns his head toward Éomer's slowly. "Have you ever thought of retiring?" Legolas asks quietly. Éomer raises his eyebrows in surprise. "Well, I've never had reason to..." Éomer responds after a moment. Legolas doesn't say anything more to Éomer about it. Legolas does entertain the thought of them living out in the country unbothered like the woodland elves. Éomer leans forward, pressing his lips to Legolas's head before standing. Legolas remains in the room for a while after Éomer leaves, brushing his long hair flat and carefully dressing himself. His mind is full of fanciful thoughts that he has to dismiss before beginning his day. There is something about being with Éomer that causes Legolas to be a little less like himself. While Legolas has, in some ways, returned to being Aragorn's advisor, this is bent around whether or not Éomer is in Gondor. Much to Arwin's relief, Aragorn has finally figured out why this is. Her husband is a very slow man, not that she would ever actually let anyone be aware of this fact. This development troubles Aragorn much in the way that it does Éowyn. As happy as he is for the pair, other people would not be so kind. Aragorn worries after this fact, but Arwin makes it clear to him that there is nothing that they can do for either of them. . What Legolas has asked Éomer troubles the military man. He is comforted by wielding a sword and riding out into battle. He enjoys having Legolas at his side during these battles, close enough to know he's safe. Éomer never thought to leave the battlefield — perhaps this makes him similar to Théoden. Still, the look in Legolas's eyes said that he was serious, and so Éomer is troubled. Legolas doesn't bring it up that night, quietly curling up into Éomer's chest and closing his eyes. In fact, Legolas rarely says much to begin with, and perhaps that is why he continues to wonder about what Legolas mentioned. Éomer is so distracted by these thoughts, he doesn't notice how things are slowly cleaned up in Legolas's room. He doesn't really realise it as a box or two takes up residence in his room and when they eventually stop sleeping in Legolas's room. He doesn't really notice it all until Legolas is in an extended meeting with Aragorn, and he finds his room without Legolas for the first time in awhile. Éomer sees the boxes like they were set there that day, but the light sprinkle of dust suggests otherwise. Éomer suddenly doesn't know what he is feeling. It's like his heart is being constricted. When Legolas finally returns to the room, Éomer has calmed down to some extent. He stares at Legolas as he walks in, completely captured by the handsome elf. His words are whisked away from him like magic, and his heart falls into a decision. It is the first thing Legolas has ever asked of him. Éomer wants to grant him this pleasure. "Legolas," Éomer says softly, and Legolas slowly pads over. Éomer takes him into his arms, pressing kiss after kiss to his lips. Finally, Legolas pulls away with a slightly concerned expression. "What is it?" "I may not be ready today or tomorrow, but I have decided... before I am an old man, I will retire and we can move somewhere together," Éomer promises softly. Legolas's eyes fill with such joy, and he quickly wraps Éomer into a tight hug. It is a very blissful night that they share. Éomer can hardly imagine waking up to that face day after day in a home belonging to them and them only. A fuzzy feeling takes up residence in his heart that night. Thanks for reading, leave a review if you like. This is also posted on wattpad and ao3. They are all still me. Yay. ~Minatu