to carry on down to the King's box where he would dismount. Soro opened the door and Aragorn nudged the horse onwards. He began a trot up the hill until he stood on the crest. The crowd had been talkative and loud but a silence fell when he reached the top of the hill. He paused and that is where everyone saw him. Many still remember that moment. The horseman appearing over the hill. He stopped the horse and he was outlined, his black cloak flapping behind him, the horse's mane and tail lifting in the breeze, his sword glinting by his side, the horse's head held proud. He called to the horse and it reared, snorting and flailing its hoofs, then it set of down the hill at a gentle gallop. Aragorn reined it in just before the Kings box. There he dismounted and bowed low to the King. Andura stood and called to the people. "Here is Aragorn, the lone horseman. Let him be acknowledged and praised for here he stands before you all preparing for battle." The groom came and took the horse away and Aragorn stood alone. He unsheathed his sword and it lay restless in his hand. The sound of a gate opening stirred him. He turned to see his first opponent approaching him. He raised his sword and deftly flicked the sword at the man. The man rushed to him with a strong blow but Aragorn dodged it and the force of the man's blow sent him stumbling onwards. Aragorn turned and quickly flicked away his opponent's sword. The man left the ring with the cheers of the crowd at his back. The record in the show was 20 men. 15 minutes later and Aragorn had reached the record and smashed it as he sent his 22nd opponent's sword flying. The crowd cheered harder than ever. 20 minutes later and Aragorn sent the 49th sword to the feet of the Kings box. He looked over and motioned that he did not want to fight anymore men, just his last and seemingly hardest opponent. The crowd held its breath as a cloaked man stepped out into the ring. Aragorn drew breath and turned to meet his next foe. The man drew back his hood and Aragorn gasped. Soro stood there. "Aragorn we meet at last. I have heard much of you and ever since our last meeting I have been wishing to beat you. Come will you not fight with me?" Aragorn laughed but drew his sword. "Soro. We meet again. Ready for another beating or was the one before not good enough for you?" The crowd laughed at their banter and settled down for a good fight. The pair circled each other once again. Soro was more cautious this time and didn't charge straight at once. Suddenly and quickly he dealt a heavy blow on Aragorn but Aragorn had seen this coming and stepped smartly out of the way. Soro turned and put blow after blow on Aragorn. With some ease though Aragorn parried, blocked or dodged. He noticed Soro was beginning to tire; they had been fighting for some minutes. Aragorn suddenly saw an opening in Soro's attack and took it. He dived at Soro's heart and at the last minute flicked his blade up so it caught the incoming blade of Soro's sword. Aragorn's sword swept the blade clean into the air. It flew straight for Aragorn and he deftly caught it in his left hand. Soro turned to him and bowed. "So you win again. I name you 'the lone swords man'. Bring him his horse." And Lightfoot was brought out to Aragorn once more. Soro led the animal to him and handed over the reins while whispering instructions in his ear. "Mount the horse and ride back to the door. Go through it and wait for Andura and I to come and meet you. Bow to Andura first before you leave. You fight well Aragorn. You will go far in life." So Aragorn mounted Lightfoot and turned and hailed Andura, the King. Then he galloped up to the crest of the hill and turned and raised his hand in a farewell gesture. He turned the horse and cantered away, never to be seen by any of the people save Andura and Soro again. He rode through the gate and sat waiting on the horse. Soon enough Andura and Soro came. He dismounted and turned to face Soro. "You never told me that you were going to be the lone swords man. And all that time you have been studying my fighting methods. I could call you a cheat but you are a dear friend to me. I thank you for the training you have given me. I fear I will not see you again and that is ill news to me. Keep well Soro and next year see if you can beat my record!" He hugged Soro and then turned to Andura. "I thank you for the time you have given me here and for believing and trusting me. If you ever need me send word to Rivendell and I will be reached from there. I do not know where my life will take me and I travel a lot so there is the best place to send word." "Aragorn you have been a breath of fresh air to my people. I thank you for that. Come at any time you like. Just call out Andura and my guards will step forward to greet you and bring you to me." The men embraced then Andura led Aragorn through the trees and out into the forest. "Take care Aragorn." With a wave of his hand Aragorn turned and vanished into the lengthening shadows. He walked to the edge of the forest and decided to rest there until the morning when he could call for Brego. He wrapped his cloak around him and settled down for a lonely night. To be continued...