until the other woman took her hands. "Do you know what I used to do when I was frightened by a dream?" Brynwyn shook her head, but curiosity had her looking up. "I'd sneak into Eomer's room, wake him, and make him talk to me until I was no longer afraid." Though she was still gripping Brynwyn's hands, Eowyn's eyes were no longer on her, were instead on some distant memory. "Even after he joined the eored and was no longer here, I'd still sneak into his room when I was frightened, and pretend he was." She smiled, turned once more to Brynwyn, squeezed her hands. "And I was much older than you by then." Brynwyn nodded, looked over as Brecka came in and scooped up another armful of clothes from the bed. "But it's your chamber." Eowyn laughed. "Not for much longer, and I do not mind swapping rooms with you for a few months before I go to my new home in Ithilien." She squeezed Brynwyn's hands again, then stood, still smiling. "Besides, it is past time I began sorting my clothing to discover what will go with me, and this will help me get started on that. You've done me a favor." Brynwyn doubted that, though it was kind of the king's sister to word it that way. She glanced up at Lisswyn, still standing behind her, her hands on Brynwyn's shoulders. Lisswyn smiled. "All you will need to do is knock on the door, or even call out, and I'm sure one of us will hear you." Before she could respond, there was a noise at the door, and Eomer-king stood there. He looked over his shoulder, back out in the hall and said something to someone she couldn't see, then turned back toward them. For the first time since she'd known him, she felt shy as he walked over, knelt in front of her as Eowyn had. "How did you sleep?" his voice was low, deep, and brought back the memory of the last thing he'd said to her the night before. Little sister. Even so, she couldn't answer him, simply nodded. "Good." He looked around the room, then nodded to the door behind them, the one that led to his and Lisswyn's bedchamber. "You will not hesitate to wake us the next time you're frightened, either by knocking on the door or by calling out to us?" "No." "Good," he said again. Then he hesitated, and his expression somehow went even more solemn. "I'm going to ask you to promise me something." Confused, she tilted her head. "What?" "You must never again enter Firefoot's stall unless I am with you." Puzzled, she could only stare at him. "Why not?" The question came out wrong. She knew it almost as soon as the words left her mouth. It sounded as if she were challenging him. "Brynwyn!" Her sister's tone was sharp, but that was nothing compared to the look that came over Eomer-king's face. His lips thinned into a grim line, his eyes flashed, and involuntarily, Brynwyn pressed back against Lisswyn, frightened. She'd seen him angry on occasion, but never before had it been directed at her. It was too much. Still tired and upset, and crushed by the realization that she'd angered him, she covered her face with her hands and sobbed. With a barely suppressed oath, Eomer scooped the little girl up and settled on the edge of the bed with her in his lap, and let her cry out her confusion. A glance at Lisswyn told him her feelings were running about the same as his: equal parts of frustration, compassion and sympathy. Finally, as Brynwyn's tears slowed, he took the handkerchief Lisswyn handed him and wiped the little girl's cheeks. But before he could speak again, she gulped, and said, "Don't be angry. I won't go in his stall again. But…" "What?" Her lips trembled, and she dropped her head. "I thought he liked me." "He does like you." Enough to show his teeth to Eomer in her defense. Eomer tilted Brynwyn's chin back up. "He likes you very much. But he's a very big horse, and you're a small girl. If you startled him, or even if something else startled him while you were in the stall, such as a noise from outside the stable, he could hurt you without meaning to." "Oh." "As long as Breghelm or one of the boys is in the stable, you can visit Firefoot – but you must not go into the stall unless I am with you." "You'll still take me for rides on him sometimes?" "Absolutely." And would get her a pony of her own as soon as possible. In the meantime… "I have something else for you." He sat her on the bed, stood, and went to the door. When he came back, he was holding a small covered basket. He handed it to her, and she gave him a puzzled glance before tipping back the lid. "Oh!" Her expression turned to delight as she lifted the small white kitten out of the nest of soft cloths. Sliding to the floor, she settled with the kitten on her lap, then laughed as it began to climb up her dress to nestle against her shoulder. "What will you call it?" Eowyn asked. "Is it a boy or a girl?" "Girl, I believe," Eomer replied. "Then I think she should be Snowball." Brynwyn said firmly. Eomer looked up, realized Lisswyn was looking at him instead of her sister, a soft expression in her eyes. She came over, settled on the bed next to him and rested her head against his shoulder. "She's always wanted a kitten, you know," she said softly. "So she's told me." He turned, slipped his arm around her, then murmured against her ear, "I thought a roommate would be another weapon against the dreams. Firefoot would probably have offered, but I was afraid the room wasn't big enough." -fin