had intrigued him and he had lost his patience with formalities. "You miss my meaning, the change in Rivendell is in my eyes only, and my heart despaired." Before Thranduil or Legolas could speak again, she continued. "If it be allowed, Sirs, let the reason remain my own. I give my oath that no harm shall come of it." "You have placed yourself in harm, to leave a peaceful place, and then you hide it from those who wish to help. Many things you learned before and still you resort to them." The King's voice was harsh. Lessa bowed her head and her eyes started to sting, but she would not cry. "Forgive me, Sir, I sought refuge, and safety here. Have I brought despair and darkness to follow me? Will it forever follow me?" she could not betray Elrond with words from her mouth, she owed him to much to speak unfavourably. Legolas's heart went out to her, evidently she had seen much darkness, and the light was hard for her to obtain. Thranduil's eyes began to shine. ~Show me the darkness in Rivendell~ Lessa started, unprepared to be allowed to speak from mind to mind with such grand and Elf. Unconsciously she showed him what he asked pieces of the puzzle forming slowly, yet swiftly. All the years she had been in Rivendell was shown to the King in a matter of moments. Legolas did not dare intrude on them. Finally, Thranduil closed his eyes, and Lessa gasped and blinked quickly. "So it has begun?" he turned to Glorfindel who was only a few feet away. "Yes." He nodded sadly, for he was one of the few that had seen what was happening as he came on his travels. "I am sorry, Young One," Thranduil stopped and smiled as Lessa straightened indignantly, "you must return. Greatly has your absence been missed, as Glorfindel can testify. I will not deprive Rivendell of such a priceless jewel. Rest here for as long as the trees are bare, then when they are green again, you will journey back to where you are needed." Lessa stared at them once more, gravely. She sighed, and to show she axcepted the decision gave a full sweeping curtsy, once more. Then quickly turned to return to her quarters, change, and…perhaps wander around this land some more. When she had gone Legolas turned to his father, "Surely, she is the strangest of elves known in this time." Thranduil smiled. "You have much wisdom, and there is much you must yet learn. She is lonely, and has aged remarkably, it is both sad and happy, yet distant but always near." Legolas frowned. "Your words confuse me, but I will dwell on them later. For now I wish to learn more of this strange elf. I will wander with her." And Legolas left to follow the girl. *** "Here people believe you are Elven, do not tell them otherwise." Glorfindel continued his lecture, Lessa had heard much the same before. "Tell you name to no one who asks, even the King, if he wished to do so." This surprised Lessa, that rule was new. "I understand. All is taken into consideration, may I go?" Lessa's voice held a hint of irritation in it. "There are times when you resemble mortal women." He scolded, then he smiled. "You may have your fun, I forget you are young, for you would have others believe elsewise." Lessa smiled and turned quickly, back in her old riding habit, with her flowing loose and free she felt comfortable, and more natural. With quick feet she ran on the green grass, basking in the warmth of the sun. The green fabric she wore shown like emeralds, and the black belt shined as polished ebony. Her spirits high, she found a nice climbing tree, and reached a nice wide branch that she stretched out. The breeze ran its fingers through her hair, and the sun warmed her skin. The branch swaying softly combined with all these comforts and lulled her to sleep. When she awoke she was not alone. The Elf Prince was right next to her waiting for her to wake, a puzzled look on his fair face. "Yes?" Lessa asked readily, eager for new company. "You sleep with your eyes closed." Lessa could have guessed that question. She sighed, she couldn't sleep with her eyes wide open. In fact she had difficulty resting when an elf was sleeping near by. It gave her chills. "I prefer not knowing what happens when I sleep, I find I rest better." Completely honest remark, still deceitful but truthful enough. She smiled. "Excuse me, sir, you saved my life and I know not your name." Legolas obviously was not expecting gratitude from her. "I am Legolas." It was a simple answer. "Legolas…" Lessa tried the name on her toungue. "You are a master of the bow. I admire your accurate shot, which has placed me in your debt." "You owe me no debt, Lady…" Legolas hesitated, realizing he still had nothing to call her. Lessa realizing she was being rude thought quickly of a name to give him. "I have been called Linea-éunie. Linea if you please." The name puzzled him even more, this elf went from different to strange, and he liked it. Her difference stood her out among the other Eldar, and he thought her good-hearted, despite her deceitful ways. "Linea, will you walk with me?" "I would. And great joy would I have of your company." Okay everyone, please review. This is my first fic so be kind please. I'm not sure if this will turn into a romance or not so let me know what you think. Once again I only own the idea of Lessa and what she does, if anything else doesn't seem right its probably wrong and I'm sorry. I'll upload another chapter as soon as I get the time, I'm not sure how long I'm going to make this.