both called father. As ever, she understood. Or nearly. "It should be Theodred." Coming back to rule in his father's place. She looked back toward their home, then back to him. Nodded, her eyes full of compassion. "But it is not. He, too, rests well. And yours is the task we always thought would be his." Eowyn paused. "Do you doubt yourself, your strength for this task?" He looked at her, vaguely startled. Slowly shook his head. "Though I doubt it will be as easy for me as it would have been for him." There were no words to explain the grief, the renewed sense of loss. He'd been banished by Wormtongue shortly before his cousin's death; had been hundreds of miles away when they buried him. And there had been no time since then to mourn the man he'd loved as a brother. "He asked me once, when we were young, if it bothered me that he would be king." "And what did you tell him?" His voice soft, Eomer paused before answering. "I laughed, and told him it suited me quite well for him to have the kingdom. All I wanted was an eored, and to be Marshal as our father before me." He sighed. "You have been Marshal; now you must rule for him, in his stead." "Yes." He looked at her for a long moment, allowed her to see his grief. Then spurred his horse forward with a shout. His riders followed, and Eowyn watched them go. They were good men, and she was grateful for their loyalty to her brother. He was going to need it. Four days after their return, Eomer stood outside Edoras, staring at the burial mounds where the former kings of the Riddermark were laid to rest. They stretched out in two directions, one for each of the lines of kings. The first line had ended some 260 years earlier, when both of Helm Hammerhand's sons had perished alongside him in battle and the reign had passed to Helm's sister-son, Frealaf. And now Frealaf's line would end similarly, with Theoden buried together with his only son and the reign passing to Eomer. He walked slowly past the mounds of the earlier kings until he at last stood before the newest one. Soberly, he stared past the tomb where his cousin slept, where his uncle would soon be laid. "I don't know what manner of king I will be," he finally murmured. "But I'm a better man because of the time you were willing to spend with a young boy." Feeling as if he were making a solemn oath, he turned, looked at the other mounds, then beyond them, to the plains of the Mark, to Edoras rising up behind him, before once more staring at his cousin's grave. "I'm not you, will not be the king you would have been. But I will do my best." He fell silent, aware that he was listening for something. Hoping for something. Some sign, perhaps, though he wasn't much given to belief in such things. All that came was an awareness of how much there was much to do to set the Mark right. Against all odds, Sauron had been defeated, but their victory had not been without great cost. The Riddermark had lost far more than just her king and his heir. Herds and villages from one end of the Mark to the other had suffered, and the loss of men, both young and old, seemed nearly incalculable. As it frequently had, his mind turned to the village he and his men had helped in battle with the Dunlendings back in the early spring. He'd promised to send men back to assist them, and not done so, due to the war calling him south. That broken promise still troubled him. Were they safe? Had there been enough shelter for all the survivors? Enough food? He wanted to go himself, wanted his people to know their welfare mattered to him, but it would be several months before he was free to do so. But perhaps there were others he could send, and once some of the more immediately pressing matters in Edoras were addressed, he would go himself. Would make a survey of the Riddermark before autumn, make sure that people got the assistance they needed. Needs were great, losses were many. But Sauron was defeated, hope had survived, and the Riddermark would survive as well. Not everyone had perished. Catching movement out of the corner of his eye, he turned, watched Eowyn come toward him. Bending down, he picked one of the little white flowers that grew on the graves, and waited for her to reach him. When she did, she cocked her head, stared at him for a long moment. "You do not seem so full of grief today." He paused, twirled the flower in his fingers thoughtfully before responding. "No." He tucked the flower in her hair. "Because I was remembering that we could have been burying my sister as well." "It was not my time." "No." He leaned forward, kissed her forehead. "And both I and the Prince of Ithilien rejoice in that." As long as he lived, he would remember the terror of finding her on the fields of the Pelennor, of believing she had gone to her death even as Theoden had died beside her. Together, they turned, walked back toward the city gates. There was much to do. A/N 2: This is finished, but I'm revising some of it while also working on other things. I hope to post a chapter a week or so. Also – I started writing this well over a year ago, and all the essential plot points have been in place (in my mind, at least) since March '04. Occasionally, I see other stories that have similar twists, and all I can say is that it's a very easy thing to come up with similar ideas when playing in Middle Earth. :)