the hint of smile around his lips, "but we would survive." "Twouldn't help him," Breghelm said flatly. "It would merely shame him, if Eoden stayed with him rather than doing his duty at your side. The best you can do for him is to return home." His voice softening, he glanced at Eomer before looking back at Eoden. "You cannot always be with him, son. That is not the way of the world. He'll be fine. I will keep him distracted with the colt." "And so you have ever done," Eomer murmured. Breghelm ducked his head in what passed for a bow from him, then turned once again to Eoden. "Look after the horses in your charge. I'll look after your brother." With that, he turned and moved quickly toward the stables. "He did the same for you, didn't he?" Eoden asked. At Eomer's nod, he said simply, "Then Andric will be fine. I'll get Firefoot for you." With his confidence in his priorities apparently restored, he hurried away, toward where Eomer's mount stood, pawing impatiently. Lisswyn smiled at Eomer. "Maegwen would be proud of them." His voice a bit rough, Eomer said, "And she would be right to be so. Shall I help you mount, my lady?" Glad that for a time, at least, he seemed distracted from his dark mood, she smiled again, and held out her hand. "You may, my lord." After assisting her, he mounted, and with a shout, they started down the road through the city. They had five carts with them: one with Eowyn's belongings, one that was primarily their supplies for the trip, and three that served as transports for the youngest and eldest among them. There were many who'd wished to see The White Lady wed, and not all of them were of an age and well-being to ride. Lisswyn rode next to the cart with Brynwyn, Hilde, and the children of Ceolwyn and Eothain; Ceolwyn rode on the other side. Eowyn, in high spirits, changed her position frequently, riding first near the carts, then circling around to greet members of Eomer's guard she knew particularly well. As that first day passed, Lisswyn watched Eomer carefully, and saw he was trying to keep his feelings from affecting the rest of the traveling party. He also changed his position often, riding for a while next to Eothain, apparently in discussion about the road and their journey, then greeting all the men of his guard individually. But he and Eowyn never seemed to be near one another, which troubled Lisswyn greatly. He did not ignore Lisswyn, riding for a while beside her as well, but he spoke little, appearing lost in his own thoughts. From the cart, Brynwyn looked at him unhappily, and did not ask for a ride on Firefoot. They did not hurry, and took several breaks so that those unused to riding for such long periods of time could stretch their legs and rest, and they stopped for the day while it was still light. Off the road, across a small stream and behind a copse of trees, they made camp. Lisswyn dismounted with a sigh, grateful to be out of the saddle for a while, then wearily turned to begin caring for Dancer. As she did, she noticed Eomer and Eoden a short distance away. Eomer motioned toward her, and the boy nodded before jogging over to her. "I'll care for her, Lisswyn," he said. "You look very tired." Tired didn't begin to cover it, and she nodded her thanks before turning to where Ceolwyn was supervising the children as they tumbled about on a grassy area beneath a tall tree. She sighed as she collapsed next to the other woman. "I know I should walk around a bit, and would be less stiff later for having done so, but right now, all I want is to stretch out on something that isn't moving!" Ceolwyn grinned at her. "I know. It is always the same at the beginning of a journey." She leaned forward and rubbed her lower back. "At least I know I can count on a back rub from Eothain later!" Eomer had sometimes done the same for her after a long ride, and Lisswyn shivered with longing in spite of her exhaustion. Such encounters nearly always led to their making love, something they'd not done for a number of days now. She knew, knew , his love and desire for her had not lessened, and that change, too, was due to his mood over Eowyn's departure. But that didn't make the lack easier to tolerate. Silence fell between them as they watched Brynwyn and Jocosa playing with the toddler, Hengest. Denulf, still not quite a year old, slept on a blanket next to Ceolwyn. Her voice hesitant, the other woman finally broke the quiet. "Forgive me for asking, but is the king well?" Lisswyn didn't answer right away. Though she longed to pour out her concerns to Ceolwyn, even with close friends she knew she had to be careful of what she said. "He will be," she said. She hoped. Managing a wry smile, she added, "he is not handling Eowyn's departure very well." Understanding lightened Ceolwyn's face, and she let out a soft laugh. "Is that what it is? I should have guessed. My father liked Eothain very much, but he stomped around our house for several weeks before we were wed, refusing to speak to anyone." Heartened by the story, Lisswyn smiled in response. She could only hope she'd spoken in truth, and that whatever was bothering him was nothing more than what it appeared. But she was certain it was more than that. He was having nightmares, at least based on the noises he sometimes made. But what did that have to do with Eowyn's departure? What if they were wrong? Was it something other than his sister's wedding? Suddenly unbearably tired, Lisswyn brought her legs up and rested her head on her knees.