her of it during the exam. But so swamped was she with love for him, and a desire to know him in every possible way, it simply didn't matter. Leaning on one arm, he brought his other hand up, began to play with her nipple again while at the same time he leaned down, deeply kissed her. Need she had not expected to feel again flowed through her, desire that was only intensified when he rubbed himself against her. He moved again, began to come into her body, and she could feel the tension coming off him. "I don't want to hurt you," he gritted out, and there was a desperate note in his voice. Lisswyn wrapped her arms around him, slid her hands down his back, to his hips, and pulled on him, while murmuring in his ear, "It's all right. I promise." She nipped his ear at the same time she wiggled against him, and he gave a long groan and slid completely into her. The sense of fullness took her breath away, and it took a moment to adjust. There was some discomfort, but she was barely aware of it, so focused was she on the wonder of being connected with him in such a manner. Of having him inside her, part of her. How was it that when he was the one physically inside her, that she could feel so completely surrounded by him? He was completely rigid, and she knew it was still out of fear of hurting her. "I love you," she whispered, and began once more rubbing his back, kissing his throat, any and everything she could do to show him the depth of her love. With another groan, he began to move, thrusting against her, at first shallowly, and determined to reassure him she was fine, Lisswyn lifted her hips, discovering there was still pleasure here for her, as well. That slight movement on her part seemed to trigger a complete loss of control on his part. His movements became deeper and harder, which was somehow just what she needed to send her spiraling again. With a final hard thrust, he collapsed against her, only his arms preventing her from taking his full weight. Odd that it didn't seem strange at all to have him on top of her. She'd thought it would, that it would feel suffocating in some way. Instead, all she felt was warm, loved, connected. Finally, as their heart rates slowed, he leaned down, kissed her gently before rolling onto his side, his arms still around her. "Are you all right?" Still having some difficulty thinking, all she could do was shake her head, and it only gradually occurred to her that he'd gone completely still when she did. "Lisswyn?" She dropped several light kisses on his upper chest before finally looking at him. Loving him. "I'm not sure I'll ever be completely all right again," she said, and smiled at him. "And I'm fine with that." He slapped her bottom gently. "You shouldn't scare me that way. I thought I'd hurt you. I've never felt that out of control before," he admitted. She smiled. "You didn't hurt me, and I sort of like knowing you were out of control." Startled, he simply stared at her, then laughed. "You would." Leaning down, he kissed her again. "That's another reason I love you." Lisswyn responded by rubbing her cheek against him, then suddenly aware of a bone deep exhaustion, she curled up against him and slept. The room was cold when Eomer woke, and he weighed getting up to stir the fire, then settled for simply pulling a fur from the end of bed over the blankets already on them. Lisswyn made a noise and burrowed closer to him, but didn't awaken. He turned, tucked her head against his shoulder and made sure she was completely covered. Lack of sound from the great hall told him it was late enough that even the most stalwart of their wedding guests had finally sought their beds, but there was no hint of dawn through the window yet. Not that it mattered. No one would be expecting them for breakfast in the hall this morning, at least. He grinned at the thought, pleased that they would be able to enjoy a quiet morning together before rejoining the others. He leaned down, pressed a kiss against Lisswyn's hair. She was on her side, curled into him, and careful not to wake her, he stroked his hand down her back. Unbidden, a memory came to him, of holding her as she slept while riding with him on the journey to Edoras. Recovering from her injury, it was the second time in a few hours she'd fallen asleep in his arms, and he remembered thinking then that it was something he would like to get used to. So few dreams had come true in his life, but this one, this most precious one, had, and gratitude momentarily overwhelmed him. Lisswyn and Elfhelm had both told him that some of their people were beginning to call him Eadig , for blessed, and he'd struggled to understand why. The first year of his reign had been hard, had seen so many more losses. But supported by their friends from Gondor, they'd been victorious over Hunlaf and the orcs. They had had a good harvest, and their people would be fine throughout the coming winter. Lisswyn shifted and rolled over in her sleep so her back was against his chest, then curled against him again. With a smile, and deciding he liked this position, too, he cuddled her close. Eadig . Blessed. Oh, yes. A/N 2: Again, a million thanks to those of you who read, enjoyed, and reviewed Horselord. I hope you enjoyed this as well, and hopefully, I'll be back soon with some other short pieces. I'm also still toying with writing a third part to my Beginnings/Awakenings Eomer/Lothiriel stories, depending on what time allows. :)