could properly settle into the dwarf's eyes, he opened his mouth. "Ocht!" he bellowed at the top of his obnoxious lungs. "Wha' a wee li'l lassie, d'yoo happen ta have any haggas? OCHT! Me stomach's a-rumblin'! " The silence that followed was so deafening, so all consuming, that Caradhras itself thought for a moment that it had died. Slowly, Gimli's beard faded back to black, and he made a desperate little choking noise at the back of his throat. Then Legolas burst into hysterical laughter. "I, uh… I can't…" Saltwater rubbed at the back of her neck, her cheeks as red as Gimli's hair had been. "I can't do him… very well." "Very well!" Legolas choked, tears welling in his eyes as he doubled over, resting his hands against his knees. Saltwater looked mortified. Legolas looked like he couldn't now kill a puppy to save his own life. Gandalf looked pretty disappointed. Frodo sat himself back on his pot heavily. "It's alright, Sam," he murmured reassuringly, rubbing circles over his friend's back. "It's all over. You can look now." Sam hesitantly peaked out from behind his fingers, and flinched. "Still naked!" he squeaked, and shoved his hands back over his eyes. "Oh, right," Frodo muttered. Legolas began gasping for air, his cheeks turning faintly pink. "What… what… is… haggas? " he managed to wheeze out, one hand coming up to cover his eyes as a snort escaped his lips. "It… It's Scottish, okay! I can't help it! Everywhere I look, everyone writes Gimli with this ridiculous brogue!" Saltwater looked quite distressed at this point, her fingers wringing in front of her as she stared around. "I mean all he does is eat meat ripe off the bone, or talk about eating meat ripe off the bone; and then he just stumps around trying to defeat everything and laughing inappropriately and being on the Sue's side to prove that she's not a Sue, and, and… and I can't do it! I can't!" There was a telltale glisten to her eyes. Legolas tried to stand up straight again. His laughter was beginning to fade, though he was still giggling quite uncontrollably, and he waved Saltwater over. She sniffled, and hesitantly moved forward. Behind her, Aragorn snuck towards the dark haired Sue. "I'm trying so hard…" she whimpered as she shuffled across the snow, her bunny slippers quite wet and dejected looking by now. Legolas tried valiantly to control his wheezing, and put a hand on Saltwater's back, drawing her consolingly to his side. "It… will be alright…" he huffed, wiping at his eyes with his free hand. "No, it wont," she moaned pathetically. "I can't do it, I can't! I hate this all, stupid Gimli!" Sauron's flaming eye itself could not have mustered a glare as deadly as the one Gimli threw at Saltwater in that moment. His mouth, however, remained firmly shut. "Oh, I don't really mean it," she sighed at the dwarf, hoping not to get on the wrong side of him and have him somehow deliberately sabotage any of her future attempts at writing. "It's the whole damned story I'm having issues with, I just don't know… " There was a muffled thump behind them, as Aragorn kicked the dark Sue into the snow and began shuffling her off with his foot. "How, might I ask, did you get to that ridiculous point with the son of Gloin to begin with?" Gandalf asked, propping his staff on the ground beside his chair and leaning his shoulder against it. "I dunno!" Saltwater wailed, ignoring Legolas's wince from beside her. "The movies made it… stick in my head! John Rhys-Davis managed it so convincingly, and then everyone else just does it and, and…" "Peace, child!" Gandalf stomped his staff against the ground with a glare. "Legolas is right, your voice has such a whine to it!" "Please, naked lady, what do you keep referring back to all them other writers for?" Sam asked the space of air far to the right of Saltwater. Frodo gently turned his chin in the right direction. "Sam is right, you know," Aragorn put in, leaning smugly back on his new rocky seat and resting a foot against the downed figure of the dark haired Sue. "This is your story, not theirs. What in Middle Earth do they have to do with it?" Saltwater opened, and then closed her mouth with a frown. "Look around you," Legolas said seriously, only a faint warble in his voice to indicate the struggle he fought to keep from further giggling. "Take in the essence of this place, the soul of the landscape. Embrace it. Live it." "Look inside your heart," Frodo added, as faint, inspirational music could be heard taking up in the background. "What does it tell you? Trust your heart, Saltwater. Follow it." "But," Saltwater wavered, staring around at everyone's suddenly earnest faces. "But my heart turned Gimli into Groundskeeper Willie!" "Yes, well… follow the creator's heart, then," Boromir said, encouraging the music to pick up again where it had faltered at her proclamation. "Go back to the source and follow the guidelines it sets out, you'll soon learn. Go back to the book…" Back to the book… Back to the book… .~.~.~. Her eyes snapped open, and after a painful and disorienting moment, she pushed her wooden side-table off her neck. Huh, she thought, as she remained in the awkward position she lay in, her quilt wrapped restrictively around her legs. It was all just a dream… Just a dream… She ignored the violent throbbing at the back of her head, and concentrated instead on regaining the feeling in her lower body. She wriggled her toes inside sodden bunny slippers, and thought for a moment. And then she noticed something almost directly in her line of sight. A very thick book sat innocently propped in an exact and rather unlikely way, so that she could perfectly read the title; 'The Lord of the Rings'. … Huh.