were struggling to swim out of the way when Oropher grabbed Elrond and Galdor. As the half-elf sailed through the air, ears filled with the shrill screams of the Haven elf, he reflected that it would be long indeed before he ever listened to another one of Glorfindel's "ideas". XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Their hair was still very damp when they gathered outside for the farewell feast. Sawn-off rings of tree trunks were placed around large bonfires for seats, torches were flickering from the trees around them, and meat was roasting over the fire. The Wood-Elves, all dressed in their usual woodland garb, passed bowls of food and drink from hand to hand. More elves were singing and playing on harps. Elrond suspected that some of the songs had been made up for that very occasion – he caught words that sounded suspiciously like "pipeweed" and "laundry", as well as "dungeon", "spiders", and – to Glorfindel's shame – "enchanted stream". The Wood-Elves, at least, seemed to be enjoying the songs, bent over double with hilarity at some of the lyrics. Elrond and the other guests had feasted at the long oak table in places of honour, despite the disgrace that they were all in from their behaviour. After all, it was their farewell feast, and they would all have to part ways early the next morning. But now that they had eaten their fill, the five young elves retreated to find quiet seats around one of the bonfires, away from the mirth and merriment. Thranduil sat himself down between Elrond and Glorfindel and handed them all drinks. Glorfindel stared doubtfully into his own cup. "You have got to be joking", he declared. The Prince's eyes twinkled as he pushed damp, soap-smelling hair out of his eyes. "Dorwinion", he acknowledged with a wicked grin. Erestor shook his head, trying to hide a smile. "This stuff is dangerous, you know", he remarked conversationally. "Are you serious?" exclaimed Galdor, taking an exuberant swig. "I think it's great!" "Maybe you had better slow down", Elrond warned the younger elf kindly, before taking a sip of his own. Their conversation was interrupted by a burst of gleeful laughter from the group of elves surrounding the singers. Thranduil's eyes darkened. "I heard that chorus!" he shouted menacingly, but that only caused the Wood-Elves to laugh even harder. The Prince's hand tightened on his cup. "It seems we have established quite a reputation in the Greenwood", he muttered resentfully. "Once I am King, I will see to it personally that those songs are erased from all records." "Oh, come on, Thranduil!" Glorfindel exclaimed, slapping the Prince's back and causing him to spill half of his drink down his front. "You have to admit that it was fun!" "Fun?" the Wood-Elf repeated, deadpan. " You might have had fun getting carried through the forest in the dark, but I assure you that I did not." "Maybe not that part", Elrond admitted. "But I did learn some new Dwarf jokes." "And I never hunted spiders before!" Galdor put in, eyes shining in the firelight. " And we got to try pipeweed", Glorfindel declared jubilantly. "You have to admit, that experience in itself would make this entire stay worthwhile – although I did not enjoy the consequences quite as much." "Glorfindel detests anything involving soap", Elrond observed, and Glorfindel climbed carelessly over the Prince in order to swipe at his Lord's head. Thranduil shoved the seneschal back, and soon the two of them were involved in an all-out brawl by the fireside. Elrond, Erestor, and Galdor leaped to their feet in alarm. "What will we do?" Galdor squeaked, hopping on the spot. "Oh, they are going to kill each other!" Elrond silently agreed – it had only been a matter of time, really, before something like this was bound to break out. Erestor watched with growing concern. "They are getting awfully close to the fire", he noted. The three of them dove in to separate the two wrestling elves, which turned out to be much harder than they had originally thought. Thranduil and Glorfindel were clearly the best fighters of them all, and threw off the other elves with hardly any effort. When it was finally over, the five of them sat on the ground by the fire, covered in dirt and leaves, cheeks smudged with soot from the fire. Elrond half-expected Thranduil to draw one of his knives and go for Glorfindel's throat. He was therefore exceedingly shocked when the Wood-Elf gave a sudden grin and said, "That was great! " Glorfindel laughed with surprise, and pulled the Prince into a rough one-armed hug, messing up Thranduil's hair with his free hand. "I knew our little Sindarin prig would come around sooner or later!" he exclaimed gleefully as the Wood-Elf struggled. The five young elves did not know that a war at the close of the Second Age would tear their newfound friendship asunder. Blissfully ignorant of whatever the future held for them, they spent the rest of the evening in high-spirited revelry. Meat was passed from hand to hand, the Dorwinion flowed freely, and conversation was merry. They even joined the other Woodland Elves in a rendition of the newly-composed song, "The Prince and the Pipeweed". Despite what fate had in store for them, despite impending war looming over their bright futures, Lord Elrond, Glorfindel, Erestor, Galdor, and Prince Thranduil were at that brief moment in time young, innocent, and purely happy. End. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the story. The Dwarf jokes are mostly corruptions of "blond jokes" and "lawyer jokes". Glorfindel's last joke was inspired by a Robert Service poem called "A Sourdough Story", although there are no Dwarfs in it. Thank you all for reading! I'm sorry to say that this might be my last LOTR fanfic. If you haven't yet, check out the two earlier instalments in my mini-trilogy: "Pass the Dorwinion" and "Welcome to Imladris". As always, reviews make me exceedingly happy – hint, hint! -Sanaryelle