being inside the one he had so often dreamt of making love to. "What is wrong?" Legolas asked. "Nothing; you feel so good," Elladan answered. Then he started to move out and in, with Legolas meeting him. At first Elladan thought he would be able to hold himself a long time so he would be able to devour Legolas, but it was far too good to be in the bed and making love to him. "I wish we… could continue… longer… but I am already there…" Elladan was able to get out, and he had barely finished saying it when he released his seed. Relaxing after his orgasm, Legolas pushed him so Elladan lay to the side of him instead of on him. It was then that Elladan saw that Legolas must have reached his orgasm seconds before him. "I hope this was as good for you as it was for me," Elladan said, stroking Legolas along his side, stopping at the slightly raised stomach that was now coated with seed. "It was wonderful, and perhaps I would want to do it again in the morning." "Just perhaps?" Elladan raised an eyebrow. "Yeah depending if the children are still asleep and I am not so tired." Legolas had yet to change his position, and did not give any indication of doing so. "Oh come on, we elves does have more stamina than men. You have spent too long in Minas Tirith and Ithilien," Elladan said in a teasing tone. "There are reasons I am tired and it is a legacy from when I was sick." "Seeing as you mentioned that, you promised to tell me why we did not need any oil." Legolas slowly changed position so he could watch Elladan, then appeared to deliberate on how to tell it. "It's quite a long story… Have you heard about Turuva lone?" Legolas asked. Elladan was quiet for a moment before he said anything. "Is that the pond that is said to be cursed?" "It is, and if you are an elf you should not drink the water. Gimli did not know this, and when I was injured after we had been fighting some orcs he gave me water from it. First it made me even sicker, then the curse altered me." "What? I thought that was a myth." "No, not at all. I am proof of it. The evil sorceress that is behind it managed to pollute the pond so the male elves that the drink its water develop what females have to carry and give birth to children. I'm not sure what it does for females. Though that is not enough…" "Is not having to go through that enough?" "Between I had Calanon and Eleniel, I learned there is a… something like a side-effect to the curse. I'm not sure why it happens, but it is like something is eating my life-force and it gets worse the longer it takes until I am carrying a new child." "So you are saying that you are not only able to carry children you also conceive more often than other elves?" "Yes, much more often. It is like the hormones work best during the pregnancies." "Is it so that when you are with child you are normal and the periods in between you get sick?" "You have understood my meaning." Elladan was actually still trying to understand what Legolas was actually telling him. He let his eyes travel up and down the blond. "Hmm… you look healthy and are almost like your old self… so then you are with child now?" "Yes, and that was why I could not let you lie on top of me." "But… who is the father? Does he know? And, how come you can lay with others?" "Who it is I am not ready to tell and I have not told him. Before you ask all my children have the same father. The latter I really do not know, though I think it has something to do with the curse. That my body commands me in some way." Legolas paused, "I do hope that this does not change anything between us." "It is… so… unbelievable… but I think I have to admire you for going through it." Elladan put his hand on the swell, yet it had to grow before anyone could feel any movements. "How far are you?" "Around four months." "So in a few months it will be obvious that you are carrying?" "No, but I will probably do as I had done previously by wearing looser clothes and staying away from those that do not know about the curse and what it does to me." "Why keep it secret when children, no matter how they come into the world, are precious?" "Because I have my reasons, and that it is not fun to be known as the one that has been cursed, especially when it came from an act they were not aware of and that there has not been any elf in ages that has stood against the curse." "I would not talk bad about you. I have felt drawn to you for too long." Elladan followed his statement by stroking and kissing the blond elf. Legolas seemed to be satisfied and did not say anything more. He lay on his back once more and after a while his eyes became vacant. ******* Elladan found Legolas was not all that tired the next morning, and when they realised they were not being looked for by any early rising children, they made love once more. A little later, after feeling a little doubt, Elladan dared to ask if there was any possibility for them to be together again. To his fortune Legolas said he very much wanted it. "You know what I have learned is that I am no longer bonded to a special one. It is like my hormones need to… that it commands me to be fulfilled in some way." ***The End***