wasting time, Estel. The human's eyes were beginning to close. Legolas looked round furiously; this was no mere prize for which he was fighting. Prize… The pale ribbon was waving again from amid the weeds where Legolas had dropped it and he snatched it up, accidentally slicing his finger on the sharp edge of the metal piece at the end and feeling fiercely pleased with the injury. Pulling the weeds around Estel's ankle as hard as he could to get some slack, he slid the metal edge under the dark, ropey strands and jerked back against them hard enough that they were sliced straight through. Red blood misted the water as the metal simultaneously cut his hands, but then the last stalk parted and Legolas again shot towards the surface in victory, passing the twins up as they began their dives down to see what was keeping him. He had reached the shore and laid Estel out on the ground, remembering to turn him on his side when he began coughing up water, before he realized that his whole body ached, his lungs were throbbing, and his hands felt like they were on fire. Dimly, like sight underwater, he saw Elladan and Elrohir splash up onto the shore, and even with the day as warm as it was, their faces were deathly white. "Are you alright!" One of them demanded, and for once Legolas was having a hard time telling which one. "Legolas, is he breathing?" "He is, give him a moment." For a few agonizing seconds they waited, but eventually the other twin ignored the admonition. "Estel, I told you – do you never listen, you stubborn man? – you knew of the weeds, and still you were ensnared and nearly killed. Do you think I lecture you for my own pleasure? I cannot – will not be the one to tell Ada that you have died in your infancy after all!" Now that was definitely Elladan. "I'm not an infant," Estel choked indignantly, still gasping. His whole body was shaking. It brought back recent bad memories. "You might as well be," Elladan stormed, taking refuge from stark fear in impatient anger. "That is why I said to throw it towards the edge. You are a good swimmer, but though you will hate me for saying it: you are not an elf! You cannot hold air as long, you cannot move as carefully – if Legolas had not guessed at once what became of you, then – Ai, you idiotic human! " "Elladan," Legolas cut him off firmly, as Elrohir put a restraining hand on his distraught brother's arm, "stop. Calm down; you don't need to belabor your point. He's alive and he'll be fine, alright?" Legolas helped his friend to sit up and patted his back reassuringly as the human got his breathing under control and stopped looking so blue about the lips. Elrohir was patting Elladan's back in a similar motion, and all in all they looked a very damp and sober tableau indeed. "I'm sorry, Elladan," Estel whispered. "I did not mean for that to happen. My own stupidity... I– can you forgive me?" "No," Elladan shook his head at once, then went on quickly, " I am sorry. It's not as if I tried to call off the race when I saw where it was headed. And it was wrong of me to yell at you." "A mutual forgiveness, then?" "Yes." "And a great many thanks to Legolas," Elrohir added. "You certainly do repay your life-debts in short order!" "I aim to please. This should keep that inflated reputation of mine intact; plenty of stories for elven warriors to use in wearying their students. 'And then Prince Legolas swam to the depths and hacked the rabid Weed Fiend to bite-sized bits and saved his intrepid best friend from a fate worse than death!'" They laughed a little, awkward after so close a brush with disaster. "'Fate worse than death'?" Estel puzzled aloud. "Games," Legolas explained cryptically. They left their 'prize' behind in the lake. Legolas almost forgot to collect his paper and charcoal when they turned homeward again; the humorous vengeance that he and Estel had prepared seemed such a long time ago. "You were right," Estel said softly as the four of them walked back towards Rivendell. He and Legolas had fallen a little ways behind. "You guessed before I even really knew. It was my mortality. The one thing I could never escape, and I hated it. Not the dying, but the differences in living. I didn't realize until I tried to explain it to you, help you see the denial in yourself, that I... eh, I can't explain it." "There is a saying among Silvan elves – originally coined by Oropher, my grandfather," Legolas mused, guessing what the human was trying to say. "'In learning you will teach and in teaching you will learn.' Do you think he was right?" Estel smiled appreciatively. "If we have done nothing else this week, Legolas, we have proven him absolutely correct." "We also both managed to nearly drown." "That too." "It was foolish of you to dive in amongst the weeds when you knew how hazardous they were." "Yes, and it was foolish of you to go your whole life without learning to swim." "It was." "So not only did we nearly die, we nearly died of ignominious stupidity." "Exactly." "This is ridiculous." "I agree. So I will make you a promise and I ask the same from you in return." "What promise?" "No more masks; they keep others out as much as they keep our fears in. No more secrets, as we are clearly more capable of looking after each other than we are at guarding ourselves. And no more games, for they are all well and good until somebody gets strangled by lake weeds." "Is that another of your grandfather's sayings?" "Estel–" "Don't worry, dear friend. You have my word." ––––––––– ––––––––– fin