their own. He surveyed the crowed before speaking. "We have won...but not without great loss. My father...Oropher...would have wanted us to celebrate despite his absence. As your new king, I swear that I will no longer allow such destruction to enter our borders again." There was a roar of approval from the crowd as Thranduil descended the dais and made his way to his new royal chambers. He had spent seven years being a pillar of strength for his people, and he was infinitely weary for it. When he came to his chambers, he had staff present to help him undress from his heavy armor and tunic before he bathed to wash the dirt and sweat from him. The clean water felt delicious against his grimy skin, and he could feel the hot water soothing aches from being in a saddle for days and loosening tight muscles. When he had finished, servants helped him dress into silk robes of dark green, replacing his princely circlet with a more elaborate silver one of kingship. Set in the center was a beautiful white opal. He was studying his reflection in the mirror when a knock sounded on his door. "Enter," he replied. He heard the door open and the soft footfalls of someone entering. He closed his eyes, sensing the energy of the person behind him, and he immediately knew who it was. Slowly, he turned and opened his eyes to behold the one who had kept him alive over the years. Tears were in her eyes as she stood for a moment, almost questioning his presence in the room. After a moment, she sobbed and flew across the room. He opened his arms in time for her to catapult herself into his arms. He hadn't known bliss like he did this moment when his arms closed around her, holding her tight to him. He rested his head on top of hers, taking in the scent of day lilies wafting from her hair. "You are here...you are alive!" she whispered between her sobs. "Of course I am. I told you I would return," Thranduil replied, his throat tight with restrained sorrow. He then pulled her away from him to study her. She was just as beautiful as he had remembered, and her eyes were alight with joy, which softened his melancholy. "You have not changed." She returned the gesture, searching his eyes. "You have," she whispered. He turned away. "How could I not? So much death...so many horrible things..." He felt her gentle touch on his biceps, and he wanted to melt into her and never leave her side again. "And yet you survived. Do not blame yourself for being alive , Thranduil." Thranduil faced her once more. "I cannot allow that to happen again. I will not sacrifice my people for the world again." "Sh..." she soothed. "Do not think of that now. I am here...and you are here...and I love you." Thranduil tilted her head up to his, and he closed the distance between their faces. "And I you," he whispered before capturing her lips with his own. He drew her close to him, the feel of her body against his driving him to ecstasy. How he had dreamed of kissing her! She tasted as sweet and light as a summer wine, and he began to feel lightheaded as if he was becoming drunk from her. He pulled away, and she rested her head on his shoulder. Thranduil felt as if he could stay like this with her in his arms forever. They spent several minutes embracing before Thranduil reluctantly pulled away and offered her a seat on a chaise. She took it, arranging her robes about her as she did so. Thranduil took pleasure in watching her perform such simple actions, committing every movement she made to memory. He then noticed the brooch and felt delight course through him at the thought that she had kept him close to her over these long years. "You remembered..." he stated nodding toward the jewel. "Oh.." she sighed, placing a hand over it. "It gave me comfort when I needed it most. It was...as if you were always with me." He came to her and sat beside her. "You remember the promise I made when I gave that to you?" She looked into his eyes. "Yes. That we would wed." "If you will still have me..." She laughed lightly, as if she found him silly. Thranduil felt a touch miffed by that, but he tamped the feeling down. He knew he could use more laughter in his life after the horrors of war. "Do you think that because you are king I would not marry you? Thranduil...I was never in love with your title. I love you for you." "I ask only...because I feel I am not the same as you left me." She rest a hand on his cheek, running her thumb over the smooth skin. "Yes...you have seen much...more than I could ever imagine. I will not make light of it. I will care for you as I always have," she paused with a mischievous smile. "And I will remind you to take pleasure from life when it seems you have forgotten." Thranduil chuckled, grasping her hand and pulling it from his face so he could hold it in between his hands and close to his heart. "How could I ever forget to when you are the sun?" Author's Note 2: Amdír was the Sindarin king of Lórinand, which was renamed Lothlórien. During the First War of the Ring, he and Oropher commanded separate armies from Gil-galad and led charges during the Battle of Dagorlad. Oropher attacked Mordor while Amdír fought in the fields now known as the Dead Marshes. It was during this battle that both Oropher and Amdír lost their lives as well as the majority of their forces. I've also decided to keep Thranduil's wife nameless as Tolkien never named her in any of his published writings.