healer, offering him a strange liquid in a silver mug. Legolas turned his face, confused. "Where is the King?" Legolas asked. "Drink, my Prince," insisted the other, coming again with the mug and receiving another refusal. "Let me handle it." Into focus came the face of the one who had closed the curtains. It was Thranduil. He took the mug from the healer's hand and approached the bed. "Is this all he needs right now, Faernestal?" he wanted to know. "Yes, my lord," said the experienced healer, an old friend of the King and even of Oropher, Thranduil's father. He had known Legolas since childhood. "He needs to sleep, but he cannot stay on his own. When you are about to leave him, sir, please call me." "I will do so," Thranduil promised. "I thank you, mellon-nín ," he continued, watching the elf leave and closing the door behind him. Thranduil then sat on the mattress, near his son, but did not look him in the eyes. He raised Legolas' head and brought the mug toward his son's mouth. "Drink," he ordered. " Ada ..." The younger elf's voice was a lament, while he sought his father's gaze. "Drink and sleep. Come on now!" "Forgive me." Thranduil sighed and rested his son's head on the pillow again. "We tried. They…" Legolas attempted to explain. "I do not wish to hear anything else of this subject," Thranduil said, turning his gaze to the curtains, which were waving slightly with the breeze. "My lord..." "You do not understand anything in this confusing life of yours, do you Legolas?" demanded the King, looking suddenly to his son. He was determined to talk about what bothered him. Legolas' mouth opened and he frowned slightly. "Were you going to take Alagos place? Wounded? In a suicide mission?" "I did not think I could convince you, my lord." "Convince me?" "That we did not have a chance." " We ? We , Legolas? There were no we . You had no intention to be part of any patrol. You decided to take Alagos' place by yourself." "He ought not to die." "And you?" the King asked, incredulously. "They only have him... His parents... They love him so much… You know that, sir…" Thranduil closed his eyes and shook his head hard, only to open them again and stare at the elf in the bed. "What of me?" he asked, for he could see his son's surprise at his question. "Am I not your father? How many children do I have?" "The entire realm…" answered the Prince bitterly, using the words his father always did, looking toward the sweet movement of the green curtains as well. Thranduil laid one hand on that young face, making Legolas meet his gaze. "You gave me a wrong answer again, " he said, biting his lip. Legolas could not see if there was hate, sadness or emptiness in that gaze. "I only have you, who give me more trouble than an entire realm," he completed with words he wished would sound ironic, but realized too late that they sounded harsh. Legolas closed his eyes, feeling the touch on his face and a hiccup escaped his throat. It had been a long time since his father had touched him. "I love you, Ada, " he said, feeling his eyes tearing up once more. Thranduil closed his eyes and shook his head; it was so hard being a father, harder than being a King. But being both, a King and a father, was the hardest task in the whole of Middle-earth, especially in conflicting times. He held his son's head then, thinking that, besides already being a warrior, and an excellent one, Legolas was still too young; too young to understand some important things. He brought the mug to his son's lips one more time. "Stop growing attached to words," he simply said, forcing him to drink from the mug. Legolas lowered his eyes with sadness and silently obeyed. "There is no room for words here in Mirkwood, only for actions and fights," completed the King, laying his son's head back on the pillows. Thranduil watched the Prince's lips part slightly in a whisper. Legolas closed his eyes. A smile broke the King's face when Legolas fell asleep. He then leaned over and kissed his son's forehead, caressing the young elf's eyebrows with his fingertips, enjoying that rare moment. "I love you too, ion-nín, " he said, with his lips close to the Prince's ear. Legolas sighed out a small whisper as he heard the declaration. Thranduil felt the hot breath of his son, and his heart calmed with that certainty of hope and life. Thranduil then rose and moved away to look over the map he had asked one of his elves to bring there. He sat at the bedroom desk and thought back to what had happened. He saw the lost region once more, now stained with his son's blood, and silently thanked Ilúvatar for not having required more blood from his son than that amount. Thranduil felt a cold sensation run up his spine at the thought of what had fortunately not happened. He then looked at his son fast asleep and smiled a sad smile, taking the quill and tracing down the limits of a new frontier they would start defending the next day. "May Ilúvatar help us a little more, child," he whispered, turning his gaze to the sleeping figure nearby. "And may our days be different." However, in his worry Thranduil did not realize that something was already changing. There he sat, looking at the map as he did all days, but he was not in his chambers now; neither had he any intention of moving from that spot. Not at that moment, not until he was sure his son was able to fight again, to face the battles bravely as he did that day, as he had been doing for a long, long time. The End