drabble set in Aranel Took's Ivyverse) Rose twirled her parasol around. The newest fashion in Bree last summer, they were available in Hobbiton only this Wedmath. Rose thought them silly, but Goldi was so delighted with this mythical affair of frothy white lace that she gave in. Now they walked to the party field with their new parasols and little Tom. Under the mallorn -tree Diamond, Pippin's vile-tempered wife, happened on them. "Why, Rose, but aren't we stylish?" Somehow Goldi stumbled over toddling Tom. Somehow the parasol embedded itself in Diamond's foot. "Oh, I am so sorry, Diamond," Rose smiled sweetly. "But thank you, yes, we are." oooOooo Anniversary (Another Ivyverse drabble) "You are such an oaf," Ivy whispered. But there were tears of happiness in her eyes. This was day, their anniversary. After a day spent alone, without children, dinner was a picnic at the edge of the forest. Pippin waited until after dinner to give her his present. Now she stared at the magnificent sword and did not know what to say. "This is much too grand for me, Pip!" But he only smiled and kissed her. Then he gathered her into his arms and settled back down on the grass with her to watch the fireflies in the dusk. oooOooo Teatime At Tuckborough (Yet another Ivyverse drabble) For once they were alone in the hole – the children were off to the mallorn party. Time enough for Ivy to be a good housewife… She smiled to herself as she pulled the hangings closed. With the sunlight shaded, the room was drenched in warm orange shadows. She heard the door of Pippin's study open and close. He would be hungry now. And there was no uncertainty in her mind as to what he would be hungry for most of all. Quickly she shed her clothes and picked up the tray with the tea. The door to the livingroom opened… oooOooo Furry Feet and Naked Skin (And another Ivyverse drabble) She longed to touch him. She wanted so much to feel his furry feet pressed against her naked body. But she barely dared to talk to him. Now she was alone with him. As she stared at him, spellbound by his green gaze, the expression on his face suddenly changed from friendliness to burning desire. She longed to run her fingers through his curly dark hair and caress his delicately pointed ears. All at once, she was in Pippin's arms, and her vision grew hazy as his kisses found the most sensitive area at the base of her throat. "Ivy!" oooOooo A tribute to J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" and Aranel Took's "Ivyverse": Size Doesn't Matter There was a saying in Rohan that it was not the size of the wæpen that mattered, but its edge. However, she could not help gasping lightly at the sight of him aroused. He might be small in height, but not in his... She felt her face flush with the heat of desire. It had been so long since she had been held in more than a comforting embrace. As he closed that last distance between them, she remembered that his wæpen was not only of an impressive size, but that he also knew very well how to wield it. oooOooo A Took "This is then, what exemplifies a Took," Pippin proclaimed. Then he fell silent. Merry, Éowyn, Ivy and the rest of their friends and relations waited for Pippin to continue – if not with bated breaths, at least with polite attention. It was, after all, the naming-ceremony for his youngest sons. But Pippin remained lost in the wonder of two small faces smiling up at him. Finally Ivy prompted. "What did you want to talk about, dear?" Pippin came back to reality with shudder. "This is then, what exemplifies a Took: that he can forget everything over the love for his family. " oooOooo Only A Hobbit (A drabble for Aranel Took's third long story, "The Wanderers") How should he ever live up to the pair of men he was named for? How should he ever follow in the footsteps of a hero and a king? For Boromir I. had been a king of the edain , the first Lord of Ladros in the First Age – and Boromir II. had been a hero of the Fellowship, who died to save his grandfather from orcs at Amon Hen. He watched the other recruits, glad for some respite. Bori clenched his teeth. He might be only a hobbit. But his grandfather had been a hero. And he would be, too. oooOooo A Hobbit of Gondor Quit stalling. Quit balking. This is an orc. A vile creature. Evil. Even if it is lying there, helpless, squealing like a piglet. The last gasp. The black blood. He comes to in a puddle of vomit, smelling sour, making him blush. The captain does not look away. "It may be of little comfort to you, Master Periannath , but one of my kinsmen… well, the experience got to him. You are not the only one who cannot see a life extinguished with no reaction at all. Boromir Denethor's son puked just as much as you did after his first Orc." oooOooo A/N: If you like hobbits and are not scared by wild AUs, if you want exciting, believable stories rich in dialogue and action, then check out Aranel Took's stories at FFNet! oooOooo Please feel free to leave a comment! Anything at all: If you noticed a typo, if you don't like a characterization or description, if you thought a line especially funny, if there was anything you particularly enjoyed … I am really interested in what my readers think about my writing. You can leave a public comment (signed or anonymous), send me a private message, visit my forums or mail me off-site: juno underscore magic at magic dot ms Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed this story. Yours JunoMagic