understands how he feels even if they react entirely differently. More than that, he knows, there's also the matter of Legolas who currently has his face buried in Thranduil's slacks. The man's a wreck and it's like he can't even reach out to comfort his kid, like it's too much. And Elrond understands, he does. That understanding is why Elrond gets to his feet and approaches the pair of them. "It's been a long time, Thranduil," he greets him. "Peredhil," is all he gets in reply. "I heard about Elerrain," Elrond says quietly, low enough that it doesn't get Aragorn's attention, "I'm so sorry." "It is none of your concern." There's the bluster that Elrond knows. It's familiar because they've run in the same circles for years and Thranduil has yet to find him worthy and honestly, Elrond doesn't care. He doesn't care if he likes him or if they get along; they rarely work together and it's easy enough to avoid one another at parties. But Elrond takes in the dark circles, the haggard look on his face, the way his hands tremble at his sides but don't reach out. He takes pity on him. He doesn't like Thranduil Greenleaf but no one deserves to hurt like that and no child deserves an absent parent when he's already lost one. Quite recently, in fact. "Our children have become good friends," he goes on regardless of the imminent stoniness in Thranduil's eyes, "He is welcome in my home at any time." "And what need would I have of—" "Thranduil, you are shaking," Elrond points out and sees Elrohir freeze where he stands, his hand on the door where it's been since the moment the door to the classroom opened. "Perhaps it would be best for you to take the night off. It is no trouble and you must take time for yourself. There's plenty of room and with four children, there's always extra things." Elrond's overstepping, very seriously overstepping, but he has to at least make the offer. Not that the offer's anything short of an order, and he leans in to say quietly, "Please consider it. Your son needs his father. You're all he has left; don't make him lose you too." Thranduil goes entirely still, stiffens, and his eyes flash like he's about to say something sharp…and then that too fades away. He looks down because Legolas has buried his face in his knees. The tension sags out of his frame and it's obvious when he gives up, which says more about the state of him than anything else. For the first time since Elrond's met him, Thranduil sinks down to someone else's level, dropping to his knees and looking Legolas in the eyes. "I'm sorry I was late," he says softly and rifles a hand through blonde hair stubbornly coming out of its braid. Legolas chews on his lip, furrows his brow, and then slowly reaches out a hand to pat a slightly stubbly cheek. "It's okay," he says eventually, "It's okay." Legolas makes a quiet eeping noise when Thranduil curls his arms around him to pull him into a crushing hug right there in front of all of them before pulling away, suddenly looking more composed. "You're getting bigger, Legolas," Thranduil tells him too-casually and absently tries to straighten his son's hair, "You haven't had a sleepover yet." And that's the first indication that, holy hell ¸ Thranduil Greenleaf is actually going to listen to someone else for the first time in his life. Thranduil straightens and looks down at Legolas who looks right back at him. "Do you remember my phone number?" The little boy rattles it off without hesitation. "And your address?" That too comes easily and Elrond looks down when he feels a pressure around his knees. Aragorn's tired of being left out of the loop and Elrond absently rubs his hair. Thranduil then turns to Elrond and glowers at him. "So help me god, if one hair —" "It will be fine, Thranduil. Please go home and get some rest." And surprisingly, that's that. Elrond calls for the twins and takes Aragorn by the hand, Legolas by the other, says good evening to Lindsay, and it's all that easy. At least that's what he thinks until he realizes that the child he thinks is shy and quiet is, while still shy around everyone else, an absolute hellion and that there is a very good reason why he gets along so famously with his youngest son. But he doesn't find out about that until later. Aragorn considers this and the details haze vaguely together in his mind. He remembers it, sort of, though mostly he remembers being simultaneously excited to be at school at night and afraid of being forgotten. He doesn't remember the way Elrohir does, Elrohir who was old enough to notice the weight hanging on Legolas' stern, unbending father and probably old enough to pity. Aragorn remembers being excited for a sleepover, mostly, though he also remembers how long it takes to get Legolas to loosen up and smile after getting into an unfamiliar car and going to an unfamiliar house with unfamiliar people. But then he remembers goading him into a pillow fight that lasts until Elrond's stomping up the stairs and he can hear Glorfindel's laughter downstairs, and he remembers being smacked repeatedly in the head with a pillow and he remembers Legolas' declaration that he was to be king of the universe and that Aragorn was a dirty rascal. Aragorn thinks, then, that maybe their friendship didn't start just with a tower of blocks and a silent kid losing his temper. Maybe it started with a pillow to the face instead. AN2: SO. Please, please, please tell me what you think. Tell me if you liked it, tell me if you hated it. Tell me if you want to smack me in the face instead. I don't care. Just tell me. (I hope you like it, though.)