to me; make my nerves go to their limits and then just follow my advice." His eyes moved down to look at the visible marks left on Elrohir by the events in which he'd already participated. The healers were having more work to do than was expected at the start of the tournament, and many disputes were finished or discontinued due to the injury of one of the participants. It was as if a long period of peace had concentrated a burning desire for some excitement in the fighters' hearts, sometimes causing the bouts to become too serious. Glorfindel took a deep breath, worried, placing his palm gently on Elrohir's arm, where one of the numerous bruises from his previous battles had bloomed on his skin. Elrohir was really quick and certainly one of the least affected of all other participants, but he still had to endure the battles of tomorrow, and that was what his blond master was more worried about than he wished to be. "And if he wins the trials today, master?" The always interested Herion joined his blond master, along with all the other former pupils, as soon as he appeared in the training camp the following morning. Glorfindel looked up at the blue sky above, asking for a little more patience, so that he wouldn't explode right there. "You know what happens with the winner of the trials today. He will have the opportunity to confront an Alcarinquallo or Alcarinquë ." " Elbereth !" Angahor shook his head, as if to dispel that idea, which sent tingles down his spine. The Alcarinqua were elves considered "venerable", all of them experienced elves with deeds of such valor to their names that they were exempt from needing to demonstrate their skills in a tournament such as this. Glorfindel was among those chosen ones. "Who else besides you, Master?" Insisted Beinion, who had repeated that question so many times that Glorfindel was already tired of trying to find an evasive reply to it. "You know I cannot tell you. Each of the groups represented by a banner are the only ones who know their choice." "I have an idea of who they might be…" Angahor said thoughtfully, already thinking that being disqualified from the tournament before the finals had not been so bad. "What are your guesses, Angahor?" Herion wanted to know, moving his clear eyes to his friend. "Well... Lord Celeborn is here..." " Elbereth! " all the pupils now exclaimed in unison. "But is there the possibility of Elrohir facing a relative such as Lord Celeborn in the final bout?" Herion asked. "He will face who the Council decides he will face," Glorfindel said, exasperated. "The Council will not facilitate the victor. Certainly the worst threat of the Alcarinqua will be selected to confront whoever the winner turns out to be." "They will not facilitate? What do you mean?" "Worst? Lord Celeborn would certainly be the worst opponent, wouldn't he?" "Tell us, Master!" The young elves interjected their questions rapidly, each of them caught between curiosity and concern. While Glorfindel had his doubts, to Elrohir's friends the twin's victory was something certain. "He still has to face Enel Baradobel, the main captain of the guard headed by Lord Eilafion of Mithlond and one of the right-hand elves of Lord Círdan," Beinion added. "That is, if he is able to beat the other three elves he has to face in the trials of today." "The lottery for drawing opponents really has not favored Elrohir at all," Angahor admitted with a frustrated tone. "I've never seen an elf draw opponents as difficult as he has been made to face since the tournament started. Enel was luckier. He, of course, will be at the final trial of today." "Lord Enel will also have to win the fights for it," Herion said with his chin up. He did not want to give that elf more credit than the others. "He will do that..." Glorfindel's gaze was now distant and preoccupied, and he made the remark like someone who was talking to himself. His ex-pupils could see that, of all the trials of that day, this was the one that worried him most. "And Elrohir will also be there to meet him." That observation came from Angahor, and it was his comment that brought some peace to Glorfindel's heart. At least the tournament had resulted in something good. It established ties of friendship that would be needed in the future. "I heard that Enel dislikes Elrohir." Beinion's comment seemed to throw Glorfindel in his indigestible wave of doubts again, besides awakening sounds of disapproval from the small group. "There you go again, Beinion!" protested some of them. "These are old tales. They are not true," Angahor said. "Lord Enel is a seasoned elf. He has more than a millennium of service in the Haven. He has participated in major battles. What might he have against someone who still has so few deeds to his name as Elrohir?" Glorfindel knew that answer, but chose to keep it to himself. Enel was the chief of the guards at the Haven, responsible for security at the dock as well as at sea. Certainly the news that a young elfling had managed to not only get into town and walk the pier without being discovered, but also cross the gulf on a children's raft unnoticed, and then breach a forbidden place, were not exploits that garnered any praise from the Eldar Captain at the time. The boy became something of a legend in Círdan's town. Some of the elves that came from Mithlond even wanted to meet Elrohir, to see firsthand the author of that feat. Círdan himself had sent the young elf his wish for good luck. Yes. Enel had many reasons for wanting to steal some of the bright light from that naughty elfling, who had transformed his life into a storm and had still gained merits for the delinquencies he had committed.