on her leash. She then put the little cocker spaniel in her carrier bag and walked with her out to the car. She stuck the bag with her clothes weapons and for some the jewelry box in the back seat and Maggie in the front seat with her. She slipped into the front seat and pulled out the drive way. She drove until it was dark, then stopped at little roadside restaurant to eat and walk Maggie. Once back on the road she drove for about another hour when she saw the sign for the Bumble family farm, she turned down the dirt road and it started to rain. Trish had warned her about the road in the rain and it starting to rain cats and dogs. She just kept driving until she hit a log immersed in the mud and her car went spinning out of control and all she could do was scream. When the car finally stopped spinning she was in the woods that boarded either side of the road. She checked herself for injuries then looked around for Maggie. The little dog's bag had fallen on the ground and she climbed back onto the seat looking punch drunk. She smiled at the little dog and reached down for the carrier bag and put her back in and zipped it all the way. The little dog looked out at her woefully from the little mesh screen in the bag. She was about to get out of the car and survey the damage when she realized what she was wearing. The same pink cardigan and skirt that she had been wearing when she left the dojo. She would have to change. She slithered into the back seat and pulled out a blue camisole, black hoody, jeans and socks and sneakers. She threw her previous outfit in the bag and carefully slid out the door. Then car was on the edge of a small ravine. It had stopped by slamming into two very conveniently spaced trees. The car was wedged and smoking so she reached in to the front seat grabbed her gym and slung it over her shoulder so that it lay across her body. Then she opened the driver's door and grabbed Maggie's bag and started to creep down the rocky slope until she caught her foot on a root that sent her careening head over heels down the slope. Cadence threw the dog bag away from her so the bag slid down the slope next to her. She was thrown down the last two feet of the slope and landed hard on her back with wind knocked out of her. She was quickly losing consciousness she took a quick inventory of her injuries: her ankle was either broken or severly sprained and she had a pretty good concussion. Her last thought before blacking out was: 'I hope Maggie is okay' Three hooded men on horseback came upon young girl unconscious by the roadside. The leader put his hand up to signal for the others to stop. He swept down from his horse walked quickly over to the fallen girl. The man pulled back his hood to reveal a very handsome face, angled blue eyes and framed by white-blond hair, his two companions looked similar but not the same. He reached out his to touch the young girl's cheek. Then stood up and looked at her from above. Her body was bent oddly over the huge bag that she had hung across her body. Her foot was also at an odd angle from her body. She looked like she has fell down the hill in last night's rainstorm. But why would she try to climb down such a steep incline in the mud. Maybe she had been lost and simply fell. He heard a small whimpering coming from as few feet away. He discovered a moving bag in the brush beside the incline, fearing sorcery he took out his dagger and unzipped the bag. Out leaped a small furry brown blur as it took off towards the girl, he chased after it. The blur turned out to be a small brown dog with overly large ears. It was lying protectively on the girl's chest and growled when he or his companions tried to approach. When they backed off the little dog got up and circled her master until she was near her face. She put her nose to the girl's cheek and nudged gently when she got not response she licked the girl's face. When the girl still remained unresponsive the dog threw its head back and gave a pitiful howl. He wondered if that meant that the girl was dead, surely after a fall like that it was entirely possible. He went towards the girl once more but his hand out for the dog to sniff it did timidly then licked it. Smiling he pet the little dog, he reaches out for the girl and found a pulse weak but definitely there. He picked her up carefully sliding her out of the bag then carried her bridal style to his horse. He handed her Ophenion before climbing on his mount once in position on he reached for the girl and held her close to his chest. The small brown dog was whining from separation from its mistress. "Ophenion, take her baggage." He looked at the bag and hope Ophenion could ride with it. "Arclre, take the dog and put it back in the bag I found her we will take them to Rivendell with us." "My lord are you sure that is wise?" asked Ophenion. Yes it is what must be done." Clutching the dieing girl to his chest the rode and he prayed to the Valar that they made it Rivendell in time. A/n: Woo…. That was a long one. Probably my longest first chapter ever. Any way I hoped you enjoyed it! Read, Review and Enjoy! Criticism of all kinds is welcome! Love, Saylin