of night or the brightness of midday, my mountain did not change and I knew every inch of it. Hollering at the top of my lungs, I burst into the valley and was immediately surrounded by irate members of the garrison who did not appreciate being woken in the middle of the night. Surrounded by guardsmen, I stood outside our door, hands braced against my thighs, waiting for the Lord of Erelas to come forth. From inside came the wailing of Willem, the babe, and my father wearily emerged. I stared at him for a few seconds before dropping to one knee, the symbolic gesture seeming appropriate in that moment. "Brendil," my father said warned, his voice dangerously low. "If it is by some foolishness that you have abandoned your post and woken us all…" He did not need to voice the threat, I was sure that the consequences would be hideous. "My lord," I said solemnly, "I have fulfilled my duty. The beacons are lit." Speechless he turned and beheld the peak of Erelas, and the garrison stepped away from me to marvel. My father allowed Erelas' glory to fill his sight before striding over to stand above me. With a gentle hand he tugged me to my feet, embracing me warmly and pressing a kiss to my disheveled head. "That I should have lived to see this day," he murmured in wonder before breaking away and calling to my mother and sisters, crying for all to come and gather. The settlement congregated outside our manor and my father accepted a torch from the Captain, leading us all to the peak of Erelas where the beacon illumined the night. There, I pointed to the distant peaks of Nardol and Min-Nimmon which had been lit before my eyes, listening to the excited chatter of my sisters, the awed murmurs of the garrison, the humming of my uncle to Willem, and the encouragement of my father who was bursting with pride. This had been a dream of his, I realized, as surely as it had been one of mine. Only my mother and the captain looked grim, solemn where we were exuberant, gazing East with fear instead of euphoria. "On behalf of the Lord of Erelas, I thank you for your service, Captain," my mother said quietly with exquisite dignity. "It has been an honour, my lady," he replied. "We ride for Minas Tirith on the morrow but I shall leave you a garrison of thirty men. Will that be enough," he asked deferentially. "Aye, sir," my mother said decidedly, "it will more than suffice. Have your men eat their fill in the morning, they ride to Gondor's defence." "Your generosity is without bounds, lady. We are grateful. It shall be remembered," the captain responded. It was only then that I perceived the implications of Nardol's blazing peak, of the message that had travelled between from Gondor to Rohan: Minas Tirith cried out in dire need. Minas Tirith was now, or would be soon, under siege. The garrison who had been with us for a year and eight months would return to Gondor four months before their tour had finished. They marched for war. As if sensing my sudden dismay, my mother turned to me with a smile and slung an arm around my shoulder. "Do not despair, Brendil, not when you have triumphed this night. From Amon Din to Halifirien an important message has been carried and you performed your duty with honour. In the days to come men will remember the lighting of the beacons!" "But… Minas Tirith," I protested, for Gondor was certainly being threatened. "The City has stood for three thousand years and will stand for three thousand more," my mother announced firmly. "You have done your part to defend it. How can you doubt that the light will triumph when you gaze at the resplendence of the seven peaks? How can your faith waver when you see that star still burning in the sky," she asked, pointing to Gil-Estel, the star of High Hope. Watching the glimmering star of Eärendil, I felt renewed hope leap in my soul, and I recalled the joyous instant when Nardol's peak had sprung to life. The brilliant light of the seven peaks extended as far as my eyes could see and seemed to reflect the light of Gil-Estel, which was said to have once been a Silmaril stolen from Morgoth's crown. In defiance of the Dark, that jewel shone every night with a light so dazzlingly incandescent that it could bring hope to the most despairing heart. It lit mine with a sudden fire that made me long to pick up a blade and ride to war on the morrow to fight on Gondor's behalf. The faith that star inspired renewed my childhood dream of glory, and the desperate days that had now dawned encouraged it. But that was not my place, I realized. That was not my duty. I was a man now, born on the mountain of Erelas, sworn to the defence of Gondor, bound to keep my post until the coming of the king or the ending of the world. My place was right here, on my mountain, where I would watch and wait, and which I would die defending should that become necessary. In my heart I accepted this, and knew that the struggle would never again take place. Truly now, I belonged to my mountain. Bending, I kissed my mother's cheek, and strode up to stand beside my father. Like him, I watched the horizon and marvelled at the glorious fire. The End It has been a very long time since I have written but tonight I found the bones of a story that I started working on a year ago and was filled with the desire to finish it. Here is that story, I hope that you all enjoyed it. Please take a couple seconds to leave a review. Thank you, Samuel La Flame