Eowyn, we have won!" He hugged her close, so delighted he forgot all propriety. Releasing her just as quickly, he leaned over the ledge, bellowing to the people of the city. "Arise, children of Numenor! Rejoice, People of the West! Evil is thrown down! The Dark is no more!" He turned to find the lady staring at him, her mouth open in amazement. With a shout of joy, he grabbed her waist and spun her around and around until her hair streamed behind her like golden water, and she laughed at his foolishness. Below them, the White City at last came to life, people's voices raised in joy and in song. Halting their romp and steadying Lady Eowyn, he said, "We must hurry to the Citadel! There is much, so much to be done!" Taking her hand again in his, he led her through the Houses of Healing and into the streets. Eowyn could hardly believe the transformation, not only in the city, but in the man before her. As light began to stream stronger and stronger from the East, the White City at last showed its name, glowing in the sun. People filled the streets and avenues, hugging, dancing, and singing with joy. And Lord Faramir too was transformed, his eyes alight and shining. The somber captain was gone, and in his place was a proud and happy man, with a serenity about him that did not dim his energy. She hurried after him, clinging to his hand, and they ran through the streets like children, greeting the people and sharing in the wonder of freedom from evil. "Eagles!" Someone from an upper window shouted, pointing east. Faramir paused, the space between two buildings affording them a view. There, silhouetted against the long-missed blue sky, three enormous birds flew towards the City, their massive wings beating the air in long strokes. "Quickly!" Faramir gasped, pulling Eowyn into a run. They tore through the streets, reaching the ramp to the Seventh Level just as the giant birds descended. The four ceremonial guards raised their spears, but Faramir cried, "No! Let them land!" For they could see Gandalf mounted on the back of one legendary eagle, and two were burdened with small limp figures. Faramir dropped Eowyn's hand to raise both of his own in greeting. "Mithrandir!" He yelled, hurrying forward. "Say it is true -- that we have won the day!" "We have indeed," the wizard confirmed. "But at some cost." He dismounted from the bowed eagle lithely, belying his great age. The wizard quickly relieved an eagle of its burden. "The mountain raged, the Dark Tower and Black Gates crumbled. Noble Gwaihir and his kin flew with me into Mordor, and there we found two heroes clinging to the side of a rock." He turned to Faramir, and they saw he held Frodo limp and unconscious in his arms. "Frodo!" Faramir gasped. He looked, and saw the other eagle's burden. "Samwise!" Quickly, he bowed to the great avian, and took the other hobbit into his own arms. "Lady," he called to Eowyn, who hovered at some distance from the giant birds. "Run ahead to the Houses! The Master Healer will have to see to these two noble heroes." Eowyn did as bid, swiftly, as the wizard and Steward followed close on her heels. As soon as they reached the Houses, the healers descended upon them, and set to with much industry to relieve the suffering of the two halflings. Eowyn, watching from behind Faramir's broad shoulders, murmured, "They are so alike to Meriadoc and Peregrin." "Indeed," Faramir whispered back. "Master Frodo Ringbearer claims kinship to our two friends." "And Master Samwise? His esquire?" One of Faramir's swift smiles crossed his face. "His gardener." Eowyn gave the Steward a puzzled look, but he would comment no further. Soon, the healers began to disperse, their immediate tasks completed. "Lack of food and water, weakness from heat and minor burns, but all in one piece -- for the most part," Mithrandir reported with relief. "Frodo sustained the loss of a finger. I wonder…." Shaking his head, the wizard moved on to other subjects. "The King survives, triumphs in fact." Faramir's face lit up at this news. "Few if any were lost. I paused only briefly before departing for Mount Doom with Gwaihir's assistance." The Istar bestowed a twinkling smile on Eowyn. "Your brother lives, and accounted very well of himself, so he boasted." At his words, Eowyn felt the last knots on her heart loosen. Eomer lived! She exchanged a grin with Faramir, seeing his pleasure in her relief. "I will stay with Frodo, until he awakens. Aragorn meant to gather the men and make such time returning as they may, with some injured and no mounts." "I will arrange riders to go out, to spread the word, and send such supplies as may be found," Faramir responded immediately. He made as if to leave but then hesitated. "And Master Samwise?" Surprising even herself, Eowyn spoke suddenly. "I will sit with Master Samwise, if it shall suit?" "My thanks, my lady," Faramir replied, and there was such approbation in his fond gaze, Eowyn felt her cheeks heat with a blush. She dared a glance at the wizard, but the Greyhame only raised a brow at her. "I must go," Faramir continued. "There is much to be done to prepare for the return of the King." TBC AN: the word 'pen' has been used for 'writing implement' for centuries. The word originates from MiddleEnglish and before that Latin. AN: Sharp-eyed viewers of the ROTK:EE will notice that it appears that Eowyn is watching Aragorn and the armies riding out when she and Faramir converse, and then embrace, in the Houses of Healing. Well, that's just a wee bit too quick of a courtship, don't you think? I've pushed the scene where they embrace back a bit, working a three-day lag between the army leaving Minas Tirith and the battle at the Black Gate.