shivered before the daunting cliff of his doom. Therefore it was a welcome distraction when the throng of elves around the great wall of roots suddenly broke up so the finished litter could be placed under its shadow. And it choked Aragorn's breath to see the care and reverence with which the elf-lord was finally lifted from his bed in the foot of the beech and lowered on the cloaks cushioning the wooden frame. Just as stern warriors took positions at the poles a pale hand rose commandingly. A captain – it was the one who had shouted at Aragorn – jumped forward and knelt, bending his raven head over the fair face of his lord. A moment later he nodded, stood and stepped back, watching the litter being hoisted in one smooth move on many shoulders. Warriors and captains on horses gathered round with drawn swords and blinking spears and bows at the ready. Aragorn caught one last look of the elf-lord, lying still and beautiful in a ray of sunlight, the bright eyes now closed. Then slowly the solemn procession moved off and soon disappeared in the darkness under the trees. The raven-haired captain heaved a sigh and then turned and came over to where Aragorn was still held at spear-point by the two grim-faced warriors. Dismissing them with a wave of his hand he sized him up with a long look from his cool grey eyes. It was not friendly. "Stranger," he said finally, slowly and very clearly, "My Lord bids me to tell you that by his leave you are free to walk in this realm anytime and under any name you choose." Startled by the permission as well as its particular wording Aragorn could only look at him for a moment. This was the very thing he had come for … but on the other hand he had been very carefully instructed in this matter. So he said after brief hesitation: "I thank your lord deeply for his kindness but pardon my asking – I thought the king alone has right to grant such favour. Have I been told wrongly?" The eyebrows of the captain lifted. "You were not misled. It is the king's right alone, as it should be." And an amused glimmer sprang into his eyes as he continued, "Mortal, do you not know who you tended?" Aragorn jerked around to look where the litter had passed into the shadows and back again and his expression was so flabbergasted that the stern elf threw back his head and laughed. A free laugh full of mirth, ringing loud and clear in this clearing that had seen so much death today. And for a moment the everlasting gloom was gone and the woods were lush and green; and the trees straightened their twisted boughs and raised their drooping leaves; and all shadow was lifted to reveal the majesty of the forest as it once was, Greenwood the Great indeed. A fleeting moment only, the span of one elven laughter and yet it left Aragorn almost weeping with stunned wonder and awe. "Come," said the captain, stern again though no longer hostile, "My Lord Thranduil bids me also to guide you on your passage through his realm, and to teach you the ways to survive in it. Perilous as it normally is for strangers to leave the safety of the Elf-path, the forest still provides for those who know how to avoid the dangers of the shadow." He turned to go but paused when he saw the man did not follow. Aragorn shook his head, bewildered beyond saying, raising his hands almost pleadingly. "But – why? I don't understand. He owes me not. I found him only a short time before you came, he would have survived just as well without me. I have done nothing to receive such a gift. How can I accept what is not my due?" The captain tilted his head and pursed his lips, regarding Aragorn as if he saw him for the very first time. "I do not pretend to understand all my Lord's decisions – though here, I think, I start to perceive his reasons," he finally answered slowly, thoughtfully, "It is his duty to see further than others because he is the king and we have placed our lives and well-being in his hands. And a dreadful burden it is at times. Yet he always sees the need of one as well as the need of many – and for that we call him great." "Ah," Aragorn said quietly. And looking again at the dark wood where the litter had passed somehow he thought he might understand, in time. Many years went by after that day. Years of toil and fight and sometimes despair before Aragorn finally raised his standard and stepped out of the shadow and took his long awaited seat as king of Arnor and Gondor. And in him people saw the might and majesty of the sea-kings returned, and minstrels praised his greatness and wisdom in many songs far and wide in his kingdom and in his fair halls. He would listened to them silently, an indulgent smile on his lips. It was only among his closest friends that King Elessar – who was still in his heart Aragorn, the man – would sometimes say that greatness had to be achieved and wisdom to be gained … and that he had been taught by many people and in many places. In fair Rivendell, where he learned of the mistakes of the past. Among his kin in the North, where he learned endurance. In Rohan, where he learned valour and generosity. In Gondor, where he learned steadfastness in the face of an invincible enemy. And in the south and east, where he learned of the darkness in the hearts of men. Yet he would never fail to add that is was in dark Mirkwood, where he first learned about the greatness of a king. The end.