who might speak out for the right of wielding it... Erestor told us that, too, remember?" "That's folly." Elrohir rose quickly, starting to pace in the bedroom. "A sword with a broken tip, totally rusty like that... Who would care?" "And if it was our Daerada's ?" Elladan argued, still sitting on the bed, but twisting his body to follow his brother's movement around the room. "What do you mean? Ada would recognize it if the sword were our Daerada's . What nonsense are you talking about?" "And what do you think Ada would do if he had recognized our grandfather's sword?" "I do not know! It depends..." "Depends on what?" "It depends!" The twin was annoyed then, finally realizing what his brother was getting at. "There are a lot of things he could want to do..." "Among them would be giving the sword to an inexperienced young elf to handle," Elladan completed. He closed his eyes, when he realized his sarcasm might be lost on Elrohir. This was a dangerous argument to hand to his twin, who was just looking for any excuse to keep the sword. The look Elrohir offered him as a response only confirmed his conjecture. "I will treat the weapon with respect," argued the youngest. "I will not take it to kill insects or anything like that, as the small ones do with their wooden swords!" "It is not yours, Elrohir." Elladan rose. "You cannot do anything with it, not even to try out the little you have learned about blacksmithing on it." Elrohir's eyes flew open, unable to hide his surprise. Having a twin brother, who knew him so well, was often too inconvenient. "Who told you that I did that?" the youngest said, trying vainly to defend himself. "Your eyes are telling me this - and even things worse," accused the elder. "And we will get in trouble like we have never been in since we were born, Toron-nín ." Elrohir blushed again, but this time it was anger that colored his cheeks. He snorted indignantly then and stood, shaking his head. "Orc's breath, Dan, that's why I do not tell you anything anymore. You have this adult way of speaking which is intolerable." Elladan also shook his head, but for a different reason than his brother. "Do you realize that by saying this you are practically admitting that you still want to stay in the world of those who are not adults, Elrohir?" he said, and received the worst look he had ever gotten from his brother. Even so, Elladan was not intimidated, taking a step forward and grabbing his brother's left arm. "Come on, let's put the sword where you found it. We will make a solemn apology to its former owner, and so, luckily, we will be free from anything bad that it can bear." Elrohir pulled his arm free, turning to walk away. "I do not know why you are putting the situation in the plural like this," he said. "If the sword has some curse, you need not fear for your neck, Toron . I made the silly mistake; whatever it will bring, it will reach only me and not you." Elladan pressed his lips together tightly, and then sighed. "Do you really think that what happens to you does not affect me at all?" he asked in a sad tone. Elladan suddenly realized why Elrohir's words were so displeasing to him. "Why do you want to move us away from each other, Toron - nín ?" he asked. "Am I becoming so unbearable for you?" Elrohir did not answer, nor did he look at his brother. A long period of silence passed, until the youngest brother's eyes became strained, trying to see why his twin still had not moved. In Elladan's face there was no specific answer, however; the sadness in him was not exactly something Elrohir could ignore. "I do not want you away from me," The younger twin finally said, standing up a bit straighter. "I just miss the time when you did not question the things I did as you do now." "If I do that it is because I am afraid for you, Toron ," the other justified himself, dropping his shoulders. "You are very impulsive. You do things without thinking, and then you feel sorry and I... I do not like to see the way you look when you are sorry... It is very sad." Elrohir locked his jaw, grinding his teeth, biting back the angry words that were ready to jump out of his mouth. He knew that his brother was right, but he just could not admit it. "They force me to do what is wrong," he said then. "What does it cost them to give me the sword I wanted?" Elladan frowned again, his mouth dropping open, as though he could not believe what he was hearing. "Did they force you? But what is this nonsense, Elrohir? You know you cannot have the sword now. You know why. They have explained everything. They have not simply said ' No and this is the end of conversation' . You are reacting like a child." "And you are defending them! Do you see? That's why I do not tell you anything. You do not understand me anymore!" Elrohir said angrily. He grabbed some clothes from the wardrobe and headed to the door. "Where are you going? "I am going to sleep somewhere else!" his brother said. "I do not want to be with you anymore. Tomorrow I will ask for a room of my own. Maybe this they will be able to give me." Elladan froze, unable to think of a response. But then he was startled by the noise of the slamming bedroom door. That night, however, he did not sleep, but spent hours sitting on his bed, trying to quell a very bad feeling growing in his chest - a feeling of sadness like he had never felt before.