the Ranger. I could feel his disdain from where I stood on the other side of the circle. "And what would a ranger know of this matter?" He asked, his posture never wavering. The Ranger doesn't answer, leaving Boromir to turn away dismissively. This seemed to anger one of the Mirkwood elves as he stood up abruptly. "This is no mere Ranger. He Aragorn son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." He was as beautiful as elves come with Golden white hair that reached down to his back and braided as a typical Mirkwood elf style. My mind finally caught up to his words though. This man was… "Aragorn? This is Isildur's heir?" Boromir sounded dumbfounded. "And heir to the throne of Gondor." Legolas replied proudly. "Havo dad, Legolas." Aragorn said, bringing his hand up in a peacemaking gesture. I was slightly taken aback. Isildur's heir knew the Elvish tongue? I found respect blossoming in my chest. "Gondor needs no King." Boromir said in retaliation. 'Then you are fool to think that.' "Aragorn is right… We can not use it." The voice of Gandalf pulled everyone from the tension brewing between the three men. The ring was still sitting innocently in the middle. Elrond spoke of destroying it, which sent the entire circle into a dark silence. A squat dwarf with long, braided red hair, tried to take an axe to it only to have it rebound violently. Frodo cowered down in his seat, holding his head. Without thinking, I began to head to him, but Eö stopped me with a gentle hand. The action made me forget why we were here in the first place. Eö was usually harsh and arrogant; he was not one to be gentle. Something began to form at the back of my mind, but I could not quiet figure out what it was. The movement had been involuntary, something I knew the moment he snatched his hand away. There was more to this Elven prince than met the eye. Elrond waited till the dwarf was righted before speaking again. "The ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli, son of Gloin, by any craft that we here possess. The ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom...only there can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into Mordor, and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came. One of you must do this." Another tense silence followed this. It was broken by Boromir. "One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep and the Great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire and ash and dust...the very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten thousand men could you do this. It is folly." 'What I bright view on things.' "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said? The ring must be destroyed." Legolas asked. "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it?" Gimili retorted. From there the arguments escalated until everyone save for Frodo, Finrod, Eö, and myself was standing, trying be heard over the entire ruckus. Even Gandalf was standing and shouting "Do you not understand? While we bicker among ourselves, Sauron's power grows! No one will escape it. You will all be destroyed, your homes burnt and your families put to the sword!" Truer words, I thought, had never been spoken. I felt that nothing was going to get done after a while of this incessant arguing and was about to say so when a small voice carried over the rest. "I will do it. I will take the ring to Mordor." My eyes sought out the single Hobbit of the crowd; the smallest of us with the biggest heart. The entire group stopped to look at him, some with awe on their faces, others with shock and even some in disdain, but my focus was solely on Frodo, who was talking in quiet tones. "Though I do not the way." Gandalf was the first to react. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, as long as it's yours to bear." He went and stood with his hand on Frodo's shoulder. There was no hesitation after that, for the next up was Aragorn. "If, by my life or death, I can protect you, I will." And e kneeled before Frodo, taking his hand. "You have my sword." "And my bow." Legolas said and was quickly followed by Gimili. "And my Axe." There was silence after this where everyone stood still with bated breath. Feelings raced through me, trying to rationalize my next move. I made my decision the moment just before Elrond was going to speak, when I stepped forward, despite Finrod's warning squeeze. "It is funny how the Valar would choose the smallest of us to carry the biggest burden." I said as I approached the Hobbit. "I have known you as a child Frodo, when you barely came to my knee. I remember the days when all you did was play and eat, nothing evil could ever touch you. I see now that it still does not." I fell to my knees in front of him. "If you ask it of me mellon nîn, I will follow you to the ends of the earth." "I would never ask that of you." He replied. My hand reached out for his. "And that is why I give you my life. I will protect you on this quest." With that I stood and took my place next to him. After me three more Hobbits burst from the bushes, claiming that they would go with. My heart filled with respect. They weren't the best fighters or the strongest of their kind, but they made up for it with loyalty. So there we stood, men, elves, dwarves and Hobbits ready to follow Frodo where ever he went. We were The Fellowship of the Ring.