I rule, as you rule over me. May her spilt blood please you and grant you the strength to vanquish the storm". The priest made to move, the woman opened her mouth to scream, but before either of them could do anything Pallando's voice burst forth before he even had made up his mind to speak. "Stop", he ordered in ringing tones, briefly forgetting their job to appear completely powerless and prepared to serve the krigsherre. But the tone of command was clear in his voice and the priest froze, suddenly unsure whether to obey the krigsherre or this unknown voice that exuded power and command. For a second, the priest felt as if he were pinned beneath the gaze of a hunter, unable to move and certainly unable to even think of disobeying. Then, the feeling disappeared as quickly as it came and the priest was left staring only at the two foreigners who had, against all odds, managed to gain the respect of the krigsherre. Yet, against all sense of reason, the priest was not sure who to obey. Then the krigsherre stood, both fury and fear upon his face. "What is the meaning of this", he shouted. "How dare you order my priests in my palace! I know you dislike death, my advisor, but surely even you must see that this is necessary! These sacrifices are for our mighty Lord of Gifts, that he might notice us and save us from the sandstorm". Instantly, Pallando knelt, Alatar reluctantly following suit as they presented their necks to the krigsherre in an act that was no longer merely symbolic. The krigsherre gestured impatiently and they raised their heads though they stayed on their knees. It was far safer to do so. "O mighty krigsherre, wise beyond belief and with courage most men could only aspire to possess, we come bearing urgent tidings", Pallando began in the flowery speech of Harad. It was far better that he talk for Alatar usually did so through clenched teeth and seemed unable to come up with proper praises for the krigsherre. At the ruler's impatient nod, Pallando went on. "As usual, you are victorious, my lord! Even the Lord of Gifts must see your worth for outside a miracle has occurred!" Pallando paused to heighten the krigsherre's interest and to ensure that the priest still was not moving to sacrifice the woman. Suddenly far more relaxed, the krigsherre gestured for him to keep speaking and relay the news. "The sandstorm that had been threatening the palace and all those within it- including your most royal self- has disappeared, my lord. It has seemingly vanished into thin air. Let all assembled view the power of our krigsherre", Pallando said, the words tasting bitter in his mouth but knowing he must say them. Cheers and the banging of weapons rang out, praise for the krigsherre who he accepted graciously. Alatar resisted the urge to spit. He deserved none of it! "It was because I know how much you value your subjects, o my merciful lord, and because I know that the Lord of Gifts values his loyal servants, that I insolently tried to order your priest. Am I forgiven for that offence", Pallando asked, face clear and tone apologetic. But while outwardly he portrayed himself as the perfect servant of the krigsherre inwardly he stewed with anger. The krigsherre deserved neither his respect nor praise and that he must give him such rankled him. Working here in the South certainly taught one humility! "Yes, you are forgiven", the krigsherre said somewhat distractedly before giving orders for the woman to be released and all to celebrate. Pallando breathed a sigh of relief. Hours later, in their room within the palace, Pallando and Alatar stood together before their private altar which had been altered so that it was no longer dedicated to the Lord of Gifts but instead to Ilúvatar and the Valar. Taking up their staffs and joining their power, together they called for help, hoping the Valar would answer them. Instead, the Valar chose to send someone… Translations and definitions Ainur: First and most powerful beings created by Ilúvatar. There are two divisions, the Valar and the Maiar Curumo : Saruman's name in the West Eru Ilúvatar: Called the all-father or the One, He is the supreme deity of Middle-Earth and the creator. Only He can create independent life. Anything not created by Him must be accepted by Him to become more than mere puppets Istari : Also known as the Five Wizards, they are Maiar spirits sent in human form to help the Free Peoples defeat Sauron Ithryn Luin : the Blue Wizards Maiar: They are one of the orders of the Ainur but lesser in power than the Valar. They serve the Valar mellon nin ar muindor nin: my friend and my brother Morinehtar : Alatar's name in Harad and the other lands of Middle-Earth. It means Darkness-slayer Olórin : Gandalf's name in the West Oromë : One of the Valar, he is Lord of the Forests and a great hunter Rómestámo : Pallando's name in Harad and the other lands of Middle-Earth. It means East-helper Sauron : The Lord of Gifts,The Enemy,The Deceiver, The Dark Lord, the Shadow Unseen world: Also called the Wraith world and the Spirit world. This is the world that the Ring reveals to its wearer and that the Elves and Ainur can see. The Ringwraiths are creatures of this world Vala/Valar : They are the Powers of Arda who shaped and rule the world from Aman. They were created by Ilúvatar and are the most powerful of the Ainur. The Maiar serve them. This is my newest story and my longest. It is going to be quite long but hopefully I will be able to update at least once or twice a week. Hope you enjoyed! The quote at the beginning is Matthew 7:7-8. Please review and tell me what you liked, disliked, ect. Thanks for reading!