look on her face as they had broken her weapons, and left them behind 'as a message' for the Elves. "Let's get her warmed up," the orc captain announced, earning a horrible cheering from the orc who had gathered into a circle around Eleni. Beyond the distracted orcs, Eleni could see Mallaer, with a black poultice where his eye had once been, and she called desperately to the elf she considered a son, " run!" He did not hear her, though, for her voice was swallowed by the jerring orcs who surrounded her. She lost all thoughts of the ellon she had raised alongside her daughter, when the first blow landed. Bruises blushed on her cheek and her abdomen, and soon the skin was broken, as the orcs continued to beat her. Eleni might have been able to cope with the pain, if she had not felt the life within her grow still. The tiny spark, so small that not even his own father could sense him yet, faltered and went out, and with it went Eleni's hopes, her dreams, and her sanity. The orcs continued pounding, until the captain commanded them to stop. "Well, well, well," he leered. "What do we have here?" Blood was starting to pour down her thighs, but this blood was not from the surface cuts the orcs had left on her stomach. The captain ripped her leggings with a sharp swipe of his deformed paw, revealing the thick red blood which came from between her legs, now covered only by her short tunic. "But Elves don't bleed each month," the orc said quietly, while the watching orcs hushed. "Which means this ain't no elf, or this elf was carrying a baby in there. Don't those ears look Elvish?" the orcs roared with glee, and the orc captain came closer to Eleni's face, the stink of his foul breath threatening to make her throw up. She breathed deeply, attempting to quell the nausea, and succeeded, if only partially. "Kill me," she challenged the orc, having no reason to cling to life any more. "Oh, I don't think so," the captain argued. "I want to make you suffer, I will make every elf suffer. I will not kill you. Yet," it added threateningly. Eleni's abdomen was suddenly wreathed in pain, and the muscles which had been preparing to support the child turned instead to pumping to remove the now dead foetus from her womb. The blood trickled down her bare leg, and her face involuntarily screwed up in anguish. "Oho! Lookee here," the orc captain jeered, reaching down and scraping its gnarled mitt up the inside of Eleni's thigh, causing her to throw up, the bile and the remains of her last meal only adding to the orc's filthy attire. The orc stood, completely ignoring the fact that Eleni heaved for breath, and smiled cruelly. "What do you think this might be?" The question drew the gathered orcs' attention, silencing the jeering crowd. In his clawed paw was a tiny shape, red and bloody, barely the size of a hazelnut. The orc rolled it around in its palm, and Eleni cringed, fighting against those who held her still, suspended in the air. She shouted in every tongue she knew at the orc, cursing it ferociously. The orc ignored her, looking dead into her eyes, and brought the remains of her unborn child up to his mouth. With inhuman strength, Eleni ripped her arms free of the orcs, falling on the ground, knocking the orc captain over, who cursed in the Black Tongue when the tiny form of her stillborn foetus was lost in the dirt and leaves of the forest floor. With all the strength Eleni had in her she beat at the captain with her fists, until suddenly something smashed into her temple, and she knew no more. When she awoke Mallaer was long dead, and they were only a day's march from Dol Guldor. The orc captain sneered as he told her that he had died while trying to escape. "Quite the little mother, eh?" the captain commented of her, as she dissolved into tears at the news. "You killed my adopted son. You killed my unborn son. You will never touch my daughter," Eleni declared defiantly, her tears still upon her cheeks. The orcs jeered. "Can you be so sure about that?" the captain said to her, coming close to her face, so that she struggled to pull away. She realised that she was bound, hand and foot, and her leather bodice had gone the way of her leggings, leaving her clad in only a tunic. Blood had dried on her legs, and her abdomen and face were scabbed over and painful to move. Salty tears ran into the cracks and crevices on her cheeks, making them burn. What did I do to deserve this? she wondered, but knew, deep in her heart, that she had simply been born an Elf, and that was her greatest crime, as far as these orcs were concerned. She was forced to drink a burning brew the orcs called medicine, which burned all the way down her throat, and marks were left on her cheeks and neck where an orc had forced her mouth open. Wonderful, pain-free blackness enveloped her, as her throat swelled up, protesting the foreign substance. No-one had ever been so glad for an allergic reaction as Eleni was, for as her throat swelled, her lungs strained for air, and her brain strained for oxygen. Eleni used her last breath to say, "You will have no more sport from me, monster." She was thrown to the ground, where sharp thorns and rocks dug into her back, but she didn't care. Even if the orcs forced themselves on her, she would be dead, and her daughter was safe. Coirëglín, she thought before her consciousness faded away forever. My Stirring Gleam. I will find you in Valimar, if it takes my whole afterlife. My son, Coirëglín.