really mattered. I gave a sigh and Gimli looked up at me but I couldn't meet his eyes. Gimli's pov Legolas let out a sigh and i looked up at him but he didn't meet my eyes. I didn't know what to make of it but i saw his shoulders slump even farther and knew that he had to be feeling the weight of the world upon his shoulders. " Aragorn would've been a great king." I said softly. I saw him give a slight nod and he finally glanced at me. Aragorn's pov I must have fallen asleep because I felt a soft nedge on my shoulder. I groaned and opened my eyes then blinked praying this wasn't some sort of strange dream. " B...Bre...go?" I asked barely able to form the words in my amazement. The horse whinned in answear. " What are you doing all the way down here?" I could not immianange how my horse had gotten down here wihout breaking his neck. Brego nuzzled me again and kneeled down. Suddenly i understood and grasped at his mane pulling myself onto his back. Slowly my horse lifted himself up and got me out of the sandy area. Legolas' pov Silently i laid upon the bed again i felt so weak. Gimli was trying to coax me to eat some of the food Eowyn had just brought to us. I tiredly shook my head refusing it. Gimli placed the food back on the plate, wipped his hands on a napkin and then sat beside me on the bed. " Legolas, you've got to keep your strength up." He said gently. I shook my head. I didn't want to live anymore not if my best friend had left this world. Gimli's pov My elven companion had reached full fledge depression I could tell it by the way he was actting. Legolas had closed his eyes but he wasn't asleep he was in tears even though he was trying to hide it. " Laddie, I'm so sorry he's gone." A half choked sob escaped his lips and i gently rubbed his shoulder. I didn't know how to comfort him. Aragorn's pov Brego stopped in mid-stride and I went wide-eyed when I realized why my horse had done so. The whole of Isengard was being empited! Brego snorted in terror and I coaxed him to find a diffrent path for us. I really didn't want to be cought in the shape I was in. Gimli's pov "Laddie?" I was worried when he didn't say anything, but I felt him breathing and knew he was still with me. "Aragorn did a very good thing for all these people. He has saved many lifes even if he is gone now. Maybe one day we will see him again." Legolas sniffled and calmed, but I knew he would never truely stop hurting. Legolas' pov I listened silently as Gimli told me that Aragorn had saved many lifes, which was true a-hundred precent. The Ranger was a hero in my eyes and none could ever replace him. "I will have to give the pendent back to Arwen." I slowly sat up and glanced at Gimli. I saw the look of understanding dawning on him as I reached out to grasp the Pendent once more. Slowly I lifted it from the table and gently placed it into the Dwarf's hands. Gimli's pov I carefully held the pendent in my hands and remembered how many times I had seen Aragorn wearing this special pieace. "Its so pretty." I whispered admirieing it. Legolas gently touched it again and I saw a sad smile. "Arwen was his only love." I thought back to Rivendell and remembered her. "They seemed made for each other. May seem strange but I saw that lovesickness in his eyes when Eowyn asked him about this jeweral and other times I saw it as well." Aragorn's pov Brego stopped in mid-stride and I went wide-eyed when I realized why my horse had done so. The whole of Isengard was being emptied! Brego snorted in terror and I coaxed him to find a diffrent path for us. I really didn't want to be caught in the shape I was in. If Orc scouts caught sight of me in my current state, weak and bleeding, the odds would certainly be against my survival. Gimli's pov "Laddie?" I was worried when he didn't say anything, but I felt him breathing and knew he was still with me. "Aragorn did a very good thing for all these people. He has saved many lives even if he is gone now. Maybe one day we will see him again." Legolas sniffled and calmed, but I knew he would never truely stop hurting. Legolas' pov I listened silently as Gimli told me that Aragorn had saved many lives, which was true a-hundred precent. The Ranger was a hero in my eyes and none could ever replace him. "I will have to give the pendent back to Arwen." I slowly sat up and glanced at Gimli. I saw the look of understanding dawning on him as I reached out to grasp the Pendent once more. Slowly I lifted it from the table and gently placed it into the Dwarf's hands. Gimli's pov I carefully held the pendent in my hands and remembered how many times I had seen Aragorn wearing this special piece. "Its so pretty." I whispered looking at it. Legolas gently touched it again and I saw a sad smile. "Arwen was his only love." I thought back to Rivendell and remembered her. "They seemed made for each other. May seem strange but I saw that lovesickness in his eyes when Eowyn asked him about this pendent and other times I saw it as well." Legolas' pov I nodded in agreement. I had seen the same look in Aragorn's eyes too. I had meant to talk to him, but never got the chance. I wished I could've eased his pain.