then took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and let himself fall. It was like falling into a living fire; Annatar's power seared his flesh and battered his mind, and he lost all sense of place and time. And yet there was pleasure in the pain, pleasure like he had not known in many years, and he found himself submitting more and more readily as Annatar ravished him seemingly out of body and mind. Every sense was overwhelmed; every desire was quenched; thought ceased and will melted in the sheer ecstasy of the experience, until at last even consciousness fled and he swooned before his master's face. When he finally opened his eyes again, all was grey and shadowy save the bright figure on the throne; he was strong and fell, and he felt no desire save one: to do the will of Sauron. "Thou knewest the truth," the first voice repeated. "Thou hast seen how Sauron lied to you." "Wilt thou cling to him even now?" asked the second voice sadly. But the darkened spirit paid them no heed, reliving the intoxication of his transformation. "I am the Witch-king of Angmar, lieutenant of the Dark Lord," he whispered. "And I would do it all again. My fealty is to the Darkness alone." "Thou hast chosen darkness," the first voice stated gravely, "and into darkness thou shalt go." "Oh, my Lord!" cried a female voice suddenly. "Is there no hope for him?" Varno could barely make out the woman's figure against the light, kneeling at what he could now tell was the foot of a throne. It took him a moment to place her. It was Indil. And he was unmoved. His wife was pleading for his fëa , and he felt nothing . The fact bewildered him. He could not now recall how he had loved her; he could scarcely remember such a thing as love at all. How could she still love him? Something like a Man made of pure light came down the steps and raised Indil to her feet, and Varno wondered why she did not cry out that she was burned. "He hath made his choice, dear heart," said the second voice, which Varno could now tell belonged to this shining Man. "'Twould be cruel to force him to choose otherwise. Canst thou not see how ill he bears Our presence?" Indil looked at Varno, and he quailed before her bright eyes, even though they seemed dim compared to the light around them. "He cannot even bear mine," she said, her voice filled with sorrow. "He is lost indeed." "Take him," the first voice thundered as the shining Man drew Indil into a comforting embrace. To Varno's relief, the Ainur took him out of the throne room, out of the Halls, and the light around them faded as they walked. Finally they came to a door which one of the Ainur opened, and they thrust Varno through it and into the dark abyss that lay just outside. His heart soared as he fell and escaped the light he hated… … and then fell the further as he discovered that the absolute absence of light was more terrible than its presence. And thus, left utterly alone in the torment of the full knowledge of his folly, the Witch-king of Angmar, whom no living man could kill but who was slain by a Halfling and a maiden, began to wail. Varno defender Indil lily Cua dove A/N: Someone—I forget who—once said that the essence of Greek tragedy is "What a shame it had to happen this way," whereas the essence of Christian tragedy is "What a shame it happened this way when it could have been otherwise ." I hope I've shown the Witch-king's choices clearly enough that this story meets the Christian definition of tragedy. I have to credit Nilmandra's History Lessons series for influencing my views on how the Rings would act and how the Ring-bearers would acclimate to them, as well as my description of Annatar. Despite the pace of the story, I hoped to show how gradually Varno succumbed to the ring; C. S. Lewis says in The Screwtape Letters that "the safest road to Hell is the gradual one." The pleasure palace, which I'm picturing as the foundation of Angmar, is rather vaguely inspired by Xanadu (as in Coleridge, not Olivia Newton-John) and the court in Hamlet that spends all its time carousing. Decadence, at least in the history of German literature, refers to opulence and licentiousness that includes an obsession with death. If you couldn't tell, the three voices belong to the three Persons of the Trinity; given the Athrabeth Finrod ah Andreth , Tolkien seems to have pictured Eru as being triune. And the bit with the dove was largely inspired by Touched by an Angel ; although we know that birds are Manwë's messengers, the dove is the symbol of the Holy Spirit in Christian iconography. Because so much of the First Age material was written from an Elvish viewpoint, we're never told exactly what Eru meant in the quote I used as my epigraph, so I've pictured the fate of evil Men as rather like the traditional Western Christian concept of Hell (the "outer darkness" where "their worm does not die, and the fire is not quenched," and "there is weeping and gnashing of teeth"), with just a pinch of The Brothers Karamazov —Father Zosima defines Hell as "the suffering of being unable to love," hence the final scene with Indil. Varno damns himself by reaffirming his choice of Sauron (and Morgoth) over Eru—"and this is the condemnation: that men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil." As faithful readers know, I do not generally go in for dark tales of this kind. But this story demanded that I write it, so I pray that it will serve as both a warning against the Darkness and an illustration of how bright the Light really is.