day's work, but it had certainly been worth it. In fact, she was quite pleased with the results. She had completed a difficult arrangement of flowers that would bloom all year round, in abundant circles of blossoms that held a very special meaning among her people. Suddenly she felt her husband behind her. She looked up into a smile that was as warm as the summer-sun and made her blossom as surely as her flowers. "Your face is dirty, melethril nîn ! In fact, you are completely covered with earth and mud," Aragorn said and got down on his knees beside her. He pulled out a silken kerchief and began to gently rub at her mud-streaked cheeks. "Even your nose!" Mischievously she tossed her head against his hand and the bit of silken fabric. He tried to hold her still, but she squirmed away from him. Somehow he lost track of his original intent and instead of cleaning Arwen's face they ended up rolling in the loose soil, kissing and laughing and kissing again. After a while, they came up for breath, leaning into each other, relaxing arm in arm, now both of them thoroughly muddy, but also thoroughly happy. "Would you share with me why your flowers have to be arranged just like that? And by your hands only?" His breath tickled her sensitive ear. She convulsed against him, giggling and panting a little. She shoved him away in a playful manner. "You really ought to know at least that little bit about the art of gardening! Didn't you grow up in Imladris? Don't you count the best gardener of the Shire among your friends?" "Ummm…" Looking for an easy way out of a compromising situation, Aragorn tried to get at her ear again, but she evaded him easily. In the end he sat up, sighed and proceeded to take a closer look at the flowers, the way she wanted him to. He sighed. Flower arrangement and gardening was a subtle art among the Firstborn. "I see circles?" His wife nodded encouragingly. "Seven circles?" "Indeed!" That earned him a kiss. Encouraged by this sweet, if slightly crumbly and earthy tasting praise, he tried another guess. "The colours… are they of any special significance?" "The wisdom of a king!" Was her gently teasing reply. "Yes, seven circles and seven colours – and they will bloom all year round, in seven circles and seven colours. And what they signify? That is simple: we call that arrangement 'estel lilótea' . Or in Westron – 'hope of many blossoms' ." He stared at her, his mind slowly making sense of what she wanted to tell him. And suddenly he knew! He gathered her in his embrace and placed his hand on her stomach. "Of many blossoms, is it?" Arwen only turned her face up to her husband and the summer-sun and smiled. oooOooo The Joy of Children Arwen stared at her two daughters – identical twins with the same dark hair and grey eyes as their mother – and sighed deeply. With perfect synchronicity her daughters had fouled up their diapers. Arwen was weary to her bones from endless nights of jumping to the needs of her pretty daughters. Now they stank to high heaven once again and screeched like rusty doors with annoyance at their condition. Sighing, she picked her daughters up to take them back to the nursery for a new set of diapers. "Next time I want them house-trained at birth," the queen of Gondor muttered. oooOooo Cleanliness and Godliness Faramir stripped off his shirt. Ten years after the war, the Prince of Ithilien was a commanding presence. Confident in posture, supple in his movements. Only sometimes his gaze turned hard and cold with memories. But now he was smiling. In fact, he was suppressing a grin. "Must I? Really?" Elboron tilted his head questioningly. Faramir nodded. "Of course." Elboron heaved a sigh. "If you insist…" "Your mother would not appreciate it, if we came to supper all dusty." "Right." The little boy set his jaws, mimicking his father, and splashed the ewer full of icy water over his body. oooOooo Only a Game "It was intended only as a game!" The little boy wailed as his mother tried to rub the oil-colour off the delicate skin. "I was to be a corsair! And Elboron would be Ada and chase after me!" "For that mischief you needed to fill the expensive colours of the court's artist into a jam jar?" Aragorn frowned at his only son. Arwen looked up, an entreating smile on her face. She spoke soothingly, "Melethron nîn, I think it was just an extension of that fable you told them last night… you are a very good story-teller, you know!" "Really?" oooOooo Forbidden Comfort (written for the "Put Down That Can(n)on, Mr. Tolkien!"-Challenge at HASA) The men had gone off to war a year ago. Lothíriel spent this summer with Éowyn. With the children off to play a game, the women sat side by side on the lawn. It could have been a beautiful day… Lothíriel leaned back, trying to remember soft touches and hot kisses. When love and desire had been readily available to her, how easily had she dismissed their meaning! She closed her eyes, but could not suppress her tears. Suddenly she felt the light touch of cool lips. "I miss Faramir, too," Éowyn whispered. "But perhaps we can comfort each other." oooOooo Please feel free to leave a comment! Anything at all: If you noticed a typo, if you don't like a characterization or description, if you thought a line especially funny, if there was anything you particularly enjoyed … I am really interested in what my readers think about my writing. You can leave a public comment (signed or anonymous), send me a private message, visit my forums or mail me off-site: juno underscore magic at magic dot ms Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed this story. Yours JunoMagic