The party skirted the edge, keeping clear of the gently rippling water. There were a number of entrances to tunnels along the lake's edge, but they took the one that Rose had marked with her scarf. Peri was the last to enter the tunnel. Before doing so, he stooped and retrieved the scarf. He knew that, once she had recovered, Rose would be happy to have it back. Night settled over the Black Woods, bringing a chill, overcast day to a close. In the heart of the bleak forest, far from the prying eyes of hill-men and goblins, and far from the obsidian towers of Carn Dûm, the party of rangers and hobbits made camp for the night. The party camped in a hollow, and lit a small fire. Their evening meal was frugal, for the rangers had not had time to hunt; their entire focus had been to put as much distance between them and Carn Dûm as possible. Ethorn laid Salrean down on his cloak, next to where Rose slept deeply. The hobbit had lost consciousness soon after they had run from the wight. She had not woken since; her breathing was shallow, her skin a sickly shade. However, Ethorn had promised Peri that she would live. The four rangers and hobbit were sharing a meal of dried beef and mushrooms when Salrean awoke. Her soft groan alerted them. Ethorn moved over to her; kneeling next to Salrean as her eyes flickered open. Her gaze, unfocused at first, eventually fixed upon him. "Ethorn," she whispered. "What are you doing here?" "Saving you," he gave a wry smile before reaching out and stroking her cheek. "Do you think I would have let you leave Farnost if I hadn't planned to follow you?" Salrean's eyes glittered as she stared up at him, then her expression clouded. "Morwyn…" "She's dead," Peri shuffled up next to Ethorn. "Azil killed her." "Unfortunately, the Goblin King escaped, but I injured him badly," Ethorn added. "He won't be causing trouble for a while." Salrean's eyes widened at this news. "The Witch of Angmar is dead," she whispered, as if saying the words out loud made them truth. "Then the quest did not fail." "No," Ethorn replied, his smile fading. "Although things did not turn out the way you'd hoped." "Where's Rose?" Salrean asked suddenly, her gaze flicking over the faces of the four men and one male hobbit who stared down at her. "Next to you," Peri replied. "Morwyn injured her too." Salrean rolled over onto her back with a soft groan. "I feel as if I've been beaten," she gasped. Salrean looked over at where the small, female hobbit lay next to her, sleeping soundly. "She looks so young," Salrean observed softly. "Yet, I've never met anyone braver." "Azil escorted her to the secret way in," Peri explained, "but he betrayed her once they were inside. Morwyn was sure that the Red Book held a secret. She was about to kill Rose for not giving it to her when Azil stepped in and killed the witch." Salrean shook her head, incredulous. Her gaze then returned to Rose. "I misjudged Azil," she whispered. "Sometimes, there is goodness in those we believe to be incapable of it. Where is he now?" Silence followed her words, but the expression on Peri's face told her all. "Targkok stabbed him. He was alive when we left the Witch Tower. He won't be now…" Peri's voice trailed away, only to be replaced by silence. The gazes of all present rested Rose's sleeping face. It was done. They had slain the Witch of Angmar and retrieved the Red Book. The death of Rose's father had been avenged. Morwyn would never march her armies south and bring a reign of terror to the free peoples of Middle Earth. Yet, victory had left a bitter taste in their mouths. All of them had expected to feel happier than they did. Rose's eyes flickered open, her gaze shifting over the faces of her companions. Crouched at her side, Peri could see Rose's exhaustion, pain and sadness. He longed to reached out and hug her. However, he was not sure of the extent of her injuries and did not want to damage her. "Is it over?" she asked, her voice trembling with fatigue. "Have we escaped?" "Yes," Peri reached out and took her hand in his. "Carn Dûm is behind us. Gentler lands lie ahead." "Good," Rose gently squeezed his hand and managed a tremulous smile. "I've had enough of adventures for now. I think I'm quite happy to spend the rest of my life back in the Shire, doing everyday things." Peri gave a soft laugh at that. He could not agree more. The gentle green hills of Hobbiton, with its neatly tended fields and good-natured hobbit faces would be very welcome indeed. He would carry the Red Book back to the Shire, and one day Rose might write their story in its pages. For now their adventure was at an end, and not a moment too soon. "Good idea, Rose," he replied. "Let's go home." The End. About the Author Sam J. Charlton was born in the market town of Louth in Lincolnshire, England and grew up on a farm outside Dunedin, on the east coast of New Zealand's South Island. After years of immersing herself in Shakespeare, Chaucer, Beowulf and Dickens at university, she set off in search of her English roots. On a trip through Europe, she fell in love with Italy, and moved to Rome - where she stayed for many years. She has funded her travels largely by working as a language teacher and a writer. Sam adores the scope and depth of epic fantasy. She loves embarking on 'armchair adventures' - in worlds of her own making! Author's Amazon page Author's Goodreads page Connect with Sam online Sam's blog: Epic Fantasy Adventures Follow Sam on Twitter Follow Sam on Pinterest Connect with Sam on Facebook Email Sam: samanthajcharlton