might have been buildings once. As he placed his hands on the stones, an icy draught swept through his hand. He drew back quickly. He knew it was only a ghost of an ancient time; but the pain he felt was still real and perhaps would never fade. This was Hollin that once was Eregion. oooOooo Dawn of a New Age " Ázenya , great-granddaughter, let me sing to you, as you lie slumbering in your mother's womb. Let me sing of your mother's people, the people of the stars. Let me sing to you, of the blossoming of two trees and of the burning of white ships! Let me speak to you, of dark times and happy days and one golden ring! Let me whisper to you blessings in two languages that you will never speak! When you burst forth from this cocoon of loving flesh, shine brightly, áze-anar , dawn of a new age. And know that I love you, even now." Quenya: Ázenya áze + nya – my daylight Áze-anar daylight-sun oooOooo An Obscure Paradise With every step into the caves, the elf grew quieter. His eyes, used to tracing the light of dewdrops caught on gossamer, delved deep into soothing shadows. His ears, accustomed to the warble of woodland birds, became attuned to the echo of crystal-clear water dropping to shape shimmering stalagmites. His heart, normally speeding up at racing the wind over wide plains, began to beat heavily at columns of green beryl aglow in the flickering light of Gimli's torch. "You were right," he said at the closing of the day, his voice filled with astonishment. "This is indeed an obscure paradise." oooOooo Twins Arwen stared at her two daughters – identical twins with the same dark hair and grey eyes as their mother – and sighed deeply. With perfect synchronicity her daughters had fouled up their diapers. Arwen was weary to her bones from endless nights of jumping to the needs of her pretty daughters. Now they stank to high heaven once again and screeched like rusty doors with annoyance at their condition. Sighing, she picked her daughters up to take them back to the nursery for a new set of diapers. "Next time I want them house-trained at birth," the queen of Gondor muttered. oooOooo Sunshiny Maiden: Galadriel How would it be, their reunion, he mused. Would she be fierce, the way he first knew her?Or would she be sombre as he last saw her? He hoped that during the century of their separation the blessing of Aman soothed her pain. He hoped that his own sunshiny maiden would welcome him on those white shores. Thus he spent the weeks of the voyage: hoping. The ship puts to shore, his hope is put to the test. " Meleth-nîn , finally!" A shout of joy, a rush of air – golden curls flow over his arms and hot lips search for his. oooOooo Flirtation It had not been easy to gain the golden-haired elf's attention. In the end , the young elleth mused, only her prowess with bow and arrow had made Legolas notice her. But now she was down on the ground, pinned under his body. He grunted, adjusting his position. She flailed her arms helplessly as he tightened his grip. Then, at last, when she thought she could bear it no longer, her time came: she delivered a kick into his groin and was back on her feet. Galdhremmin combat practice made her ready to take on almost anything and anyone – even Legolas. oooOooo What's-His-Name (Legolas drabble 2) "Look, that was really not necessary," Legolas hissed at her. She stared at her training partner, trying to keep calm. She would never admit it, but now that she finally had caught the attention of this aloof elf from the distant realm of Eryn Lasgalen, she was nervous. "I was taught to use the most effective means at my disposal in close combat," she replied. "Yes, of course, but…" He seemed rather angry. "Who are you, anyway?" She frowned at him. Sometimes those Mirkwood elves could be so infuriating! "Don't you think you should tell me who you are first?" oooOooo Off on a Tangent Bow, arrow, aim – only with practiced power, true mastery is gained. Impatience will lead the arrow off on a tangent. A bow held with too much power may snap. He – curved inwards ever so gently, the perfect bow, smooth and shining, crowned with a milky pearl. She – arching her hips, opening herself to him, wishing to draw the tangent of his arrow to the aim of her desire. He reached below her, cupped the sweet swelling of her buttocks, braced, thrust, power perfectly controlled. The arrow flew true. Together they came, their shared aim reached easily in this desirous game. oooOooo Magpie He embraces me. I acquiesce. A thousand lifetimes and more this jewel owes to me. My sons it owes to me. My happiness it owes to me. Yet I hesitate in reverence in its clear, heavenly light. I hesitate. As I look at it, I am reminded of the legends that have become tradition among my people. Can it be true that it holds the last rays of the trees? I will never know. I have to be content to bury my face against the chest of my lover. Elwing and Eärendil. A bird and a man. United once more. oooOooo Please feel free to leave a comment! Anything at all: If you noticed a typo, if you don't like a characterization or description, if you thought a line especially funny, if there was anything you particularly enjoyed … I am really interested in what my readers think about my writing. You can leave a public comment (signed or anonymous), send me a private message, visit my forums or mail me off-site: juno underscore magic at magic dot ms Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed this story. Yours JunoMagic