was carrying the weight of Aragorn's mistakes just because he'd followed him. "Children in war." He sighed while he lifted his friend's tunic carefully, just to note how serious the injury was. It was unbelievable how the prince had managed to hide it for so long. "If you're guilty of something, we all are guilty with you, mellon-nîn. " Aragorn began to worry as he analyzed the bleeding cut. He needed his herbs now. "You could not have saved them all," he completed with another sigh. "They were helpless sheep led into a fierce attack of wild wolves... and there were few... such few shepherds ..." he said with deep regret. More tears flowed from Legolas' eyes, and they were not reflections of physical pain. Legolas took a deep breath as he tried to contain himself again, but it was getting increasingly difficult to do that. Aragorn was also trying to control his own grief, which rose stubbornly up his throat. He pressed his mouth closed and decided to do something more practical than lament. He needed to move his friend to a place where stitches and other care were possible. "If you don't rest, you won't get any better," he said. Legolas did not respond. He was completely exhausted and the pain was intolerable. "I need at least a few leaves of Athelas," Aragorn said to himself. "But I don't believe that Gandalf has any left." Silence. "So many wounded," Aragorn continued to talk to his own fears, as he looked around confused. Suddenly he was feeling as lost as a boy in a strange place. Their certainties ran and disappeared as the tears spilled. "I... do not know if I can ... do not know if I can be ..." He started rubbing his face. Who was he? ... Ilúvatar ! Where was the truth? What was he doing? Why was he doing it ? "Nobody can..." Legolas' voice emerged in response. His breathing was quiet, his eyes half open. "People should not need a leader for war, they should not go to war," he stated. His voice almost echoed, like it came out of a closed well. "But if they need... the best thing to happen to them is just this... finding a leader who does not believe himself infallible, who will still reflect and doubt himself." After that the elf's eyes appeared slightly out of focus, and a sad smile was formed on Aragorn's lips. He was touched by the truths that tempered his friend's words and by the relief of realizing that the elf seemed to be relaxing a little. "I'm going to take you out of here," he decided. Aragorn looked around and then moved an arm under the prince's back to lift him carefully. Legolas opened his eyes, then and let out a moan of pain. "Forgive me," Aragorn apologized. "I will be more careful. Can you walk?" Legolas did not respond. A sudden weakness hit him, and he realized he could not face the pain anymore. Aragorn bowed his head to look at the face the elf was hiding. Aragorn sighed, as he tried to ignore the despair that knocked insistently at the doors of his heart. Then he rested a hand on Legolas' face and guided the elf's head until it leaned on his chest. Legolas allowed himself to relax in the arms of his friend; he was no longer able to be stubborn. Aragorn moved his right arm under the elf's legs and lifted him, standing for a moment to regain balance. That was when he realized his friend's body was limp. "Legolas?" he called and sought a reaction. Concerned about the lack of response, he rushed down the stairs, carrying the prince. When he turned the first corner with the unconscious body in his arms, Aragorn almost ran over Gimli. He could not see his friend, so he was only alerted to a possible collision by the dwarf's concerned voice. Gimli immediately started in with a series of questions, alarmed by the elf's unconsciousness. "He is very hurt." "Hurt?" asked Gimli as he followed his friend. "What has this stubborn elf done?" "The door, Gimli!" warned Aragorn, when they stopped in front of the room that Erkenbrand's wife had offered the elf at Eowyn's request. The dwarf stepped forward and opened the door. He entered first, removed the belongings of Legolas from the bed and pulled down the covers. Aragorn put his friend's body on the mattress and Legolas mumbled a few words in his semi-conscious state which his friend did not understand. "What did he say, Gimli?" The dwarf frowned and brought his face close to the elf's, while Aragorn was again opening the makeshift bandages. "Forty..." The prince's lost voice trailed off. "What?" insisted Gimli, leaning toward his friend. "What, elf?" "Forty-one... Dwarf ..." The voice was softer then. Gimli took more than a few moments to absorb the information, and then he closed his eyes, with a lump in his throat. "Forty-one ..." Legolas repeated. "And we are still here," completed the dwarf. Legolas smiled, his eyes were closed now. He seemed satisfied to know the message was definitely understood. "And we are still here," he repeated. Gimli put his calloused hand on his friend's forehead. The elven race would always be a large and complicated puzzle to him, a mystery he had not intended or had the patience to decipher. But this elf in particular was definitely someone for whom he would change his concepts, even the oldest ones. "I got forty-two, stubborn elf." He laughed to himself, listening to Aragorn laugh too, while the ranger finished the archer's bandages. The friendship was healing old wounds. The doubts were gone for a while. "I am still ahead of you," teased the dwarf. "By my side..." corrected the prince, parting his lips. Having the pain eased by his valiant friends' care and attention was inviting him to sleep. "That is my luck... Thanks to Ilúvatar ..."