knew he had been silenced by the healer when she began to rebuild his face. He suddenly felt the irrational urge to do bodily harm to her for robbing him of speech, but he was at least lucid enough in his anger to recognize that it would be poor payment for her careful ministrations. He continued to lean against her, his breath coming harsh through his mouth. A few more moments passed before the maid righted him once more, noting that too much contact with him would be unseemly. He just looked at her, his baleful gaze speaking volumes to her. "Of course you must feel bitter towards me. I understand that it does not look like much, but your father has entrusted your care to me. He has praised me for my skill, and I must admit that I am flattered by his words. I promised him I would do all I could for you...and I meant those words." He could see that she did pity him, but the pity didn't make him feel any less for it. She did not flinch at the grotesque nature of his visage, and it helped Thranduil feel nothing but grateful for her form of pity. He wanted to speak, but he knew his words would be difficult at best to understand with his inability to form certain syllables. She seemed to understand this, and she stood, offering him a hand. "Do you wish to speak to me of your trial? I have gathered everything you would need to write your thoughts, my Prince." With a nod of his head, Thranduil took her proffered hand and stood to his full height. She smiled, and Thranduil instantly felt his heart lighten. How he wanted to return this simple gesture! He swore then that when he was fully healed, he would show his gratitude by smiling no matter what he was facing. He owed her that much, if not more. She led him back to his designated mattress. Thranduil noted that many watched them pass, their eyes fixed on him. He knew they were attempting to hide their fright at the sight of him, but many were unsuccessful. The maid's gaze grew hard as she faced each person they passed, daring them to continue staring. He wondered at her protective nature. What had he done to deserve such devotion from her? He barely knew her...he didn't even know her name! They came to his bed, and he allowed himself to be tucked in, taking pleasure in her nimble fingers deftly tucking the blanket back around him. Each touch was a comfort to him. She eyed him, her smile small, and...was that a blush crossing her pale cheeks? She turned away for a short time and came around once more with the parchment, ink, and quill for him. She sat in the chair beside him and offered him the writing implements. She arranged herself in a comfortable position, making it clear that she would not leave until Thranduil wished it. And at this moment, he was sure he never wanted her leave. Another week passed, and the hole had fully closed. Thranduil looked at the massive knot of scar tissue on his face, marveling at how quickly it had regenerated. He looked over at the maid, who was very pleased with her work. Over the week, they had talked at length through Thranduil's writings. She would read his story and respond in kind. They had laughed, and she had shared in his grief as he recounted his battle with the Fire Drake. "You are incredibly brave, my Prince," she had whispered. "Do not let their deaths trouble you. They swore to protect you and have done so valiantly." She had been a comfort and been a pillar of strength when he had his moments of frustration at his weakness. She encouraged him. As he beheld her, he suddenly knew that he wanted to continue seeing her even after his convalescence had ended. He turned back to the mirror and watched himself attempt to open his mouth wide. The process was slow, and his muscles smarted from the strain of being unused for so long. The maid seemed to be aware of this and was quick with her words to quell his consternation. "There are exercises you can do to loosen up the muscles and build the strength for you to chew and speak as you did. And the scar tissue...I have additional spells to restore that fair-" she abruptly stopped, her cheeks coloring as she realized that her intended words would breach protocol between a prince and his subject. "Ou...can..s..eak...as ou ish," Thranduil managed to say with minimal use of his entire face. The red in her face deepened. "I would not deign to believe I have earned that right, my Prince." Frustrated with his inability to speak properly, Thranduil took hold of the parchment, ink, and quill that traveled with him, and he quickly scratched his thoughts out. He turned the page for her to read. He maintained eye contact to let her know with his eyes just how meaningful he wanted his words to be. You have , he wrote. Please call me by my given name. You deserve that honor and so much more. Her eyes widened as she gazed back at him. "I could not!" Thranduil nodded, grasping one of her hands and squeezing gently. Her eyes fell to their hands, and he could feel a slight tremor in hers. Her eyes found his once more, searching them for something. Thranduil wasn't sure what she could be looking for. She seemed to find what she was pursuing, and she laughed softly in delight. She released her hand from his and bowed to him. "Shall I teach you those exercises...Thranduil?" Thranduil nodded and then wrote, I want to smile for you. "You will. And you will no longer need ink to share your world with me, if that is your desire." It is.