from our tribe set off. That journey was the longest time of my life, longer even than the months in the stronghold. I hated going on, and I hated stopping, I hated my food and I hated not having any food; at time I even hated my companions, but I also needed them and loved them. We kept together, for we knew that if we separated we perished; we helped each other to walk and to live. Even so, in wilder-land we scraped out a grave for one of us along the way: Inna. She had survived with her twin for so long and had seen the Sun again after the shadows, only to die under the hot gaze. We buried Benti's heart with her sister; she would never be the same again after that, as if some part of her had truly gone into the ground, dead. There were times when I was so weary that I thought of lying down and never rising again. But I did not think such thoughts for long at all. I wanted to live, for me and for you and for the one who had given life to both of us. I had been filled with misery in my other pregnancies, now I was filled with hope. I knew that you would live to be born, and that I would live to bear you." They stumbled into their village in the early morning, close on five months after they had set out from the stronghold of the Necromancer, when the mothers were stepping out of their doors and tents with jars and pots to fetch water from the well. Though they were older and worn and scarred upon their arms and legs and faces, the village people knew them and could not mistake them, and they stared as the ones who had returned hobbled past them; and so did the few men who had risen and left their homes at this time before the full sun. The women needed to say nothing for they had nothing to say to any of them, and only their scars reproached them, the scars which healed to white lines on brown skin but which would never fade and which Rookheeya at least refused to cover up in later life, a testament to the shame of those who had sold her and her companions away. In later years men and women would often avert their eyes from the faces of those who had come back: from Werru, who bore a broken nose and broken teeth from the brunt of a stick that had lashed her across the face, and Benti who was milky-white blind in one eye and who had black scars marring her face and hands from the illness she had caught from raw tanned hides and which she had barely survived, carrying her sorrow that was darker than her scars, and Ishara whose right arm had been burned near to the bone by flames and who limped badly to the day that she died. And few could ever meet my mother's eyes, though she had no great wounds on her skin. She walked on, on to her sister's house, and she came face to face with my aunt as Bilhah was stepping out for water herself. The breaking of the jar she let fall to the ground and her own scream brought her husband running, to find his wife embracing my mother and weeping, and Rookheeya crying at last, for the first time since she left the stronghold. My aunt took Rookheeya into her house without a murmur, calling down blessings upon all the gods and goddesses for bringing her little sister back to her, and Rodren kindly had a house built for her so that she should not feel she was living on her family's charity, a house that she shared with her companions whom she now saw as her sisters as well. And that was where I was born some months later, on a mild night with the stars shining overhead and my aunt Bilhah, Werru, Benti, Ishara and the midwife Kala in attendance on my mother. For her first time my mother was not in much pain, and it took only a few hours of sweating and straining to bring me into the world, all of her sisters making a throne to support her and keep her from falling when she stood on the bricks. Her hips were wide enough so that her flesh did not even tear when I came out, despite my size. I was a big baby; the midwife said I was one of the biggest she'd ever seen, grinning wildly as she held me up in triumph and as I began to wail for Rookheeya's breast. After I was fed my mother slept to recover from her exhaustion, and the women painted my hands with henna as if I were a bride, and whispered charms and spells to defend me against spirits that might come in the night to steal me away. They cooed over me, the three who had gone and returned in particular, seeing me as the child that they would never have. They kissed me and blessed me until I began to cry again, and my mother awoke to take me into her arms and rock us both to sleep. After the customary two months of waiting until she was considered clean again Rookheeya listened to all the suggestions made by her sisters, both blood and bond, for my name. And then she named me Adahni for the Queen of Heaven who smiles down upon the world and makes the stars shine bright for travellers and those who foretell the future, the Queen whose consort is Salim, the Lord of Storms and Winds; the Queen who had shone upon my birth and cast a lucky future for me. My story, then, had begun. But the stories of my mother and her sisters were not done yet.