is thy keeper: Eru is thy shade upon thy right hand." Finally the mule gives in and I can walk on. I walk on. For I do not need to rest yet. I rest in the smooth rhythm of my steps, the melody of the mountain. My footsteps follow my heartbeat. My heartbeat gives harmony to my breath. Thoughts of war and darkness are fleeing in the light and the purity of climbing, in the power of the mountains. Who is Sauron compared to this mountain ? What is this mountain compared to Eru? Finally there is the summit. Crowned with a wreath of golden sunshine it is outlined sharply against the pale blue sky of spring in the year 3019 of the third age of the world. The summit of Halifirien is a small plateau of grass and rocks and tangled shrubs. Nothing tells here of a royal tomb or an oath that made a kingdom. There is only the small cone of the guards' hut, nothing but a hut of dry-stones symmetrically placed one on the other, to ward off wind and weather. There is only a small shelter for the wood of the signal beacon. There is only the signal beacon itself, carefully stocked up in a small dell so that the signal fire can be lit even in inclement weather. A lowlander would be inclined to say that Halifirien looks like any other peak of the Ered Nimrais. But it is not like any other peak of the Ered Nimrais. It is the holy hill. I have arrived. Gerrich is glad to see me. His wife is down below in the valley, days from giving birth to their second child. He has been waiting for me. He grips my hand and takes his leave. "Godspeed," I whisper, the greeting of the mountain folk, the greeting that causes lowlanders to shift uneasily. Gerrich will reach the village by nightfall and he will hold the hands of his wife in her hour of need and he will pray and he will say His name, even as the babe slips from the womb, for this is the way it is done among my people. And I know that he hopes for a boy, who will follow him in this duty, watching over the hallowed hills. Because this is what we do: We watch over our holy places, while the lowlanders think we are guarding their beacons on their beacon hills. Guarding their land and their people against the coming of the Second Darkness. But this is not what we do: We only watch over our holy places, the way our fathers did, and their fathers before them. We climb the mountains with prayers on our lips and we call His name to the stars, and we listen to wind and wolf and eagle, waiting to hear the echo of His song. We watch over our holy places. We pray. And we hope. And maybe, one day I will hear it, as I watch over Halifirien Hill, this hill and this beacon that is the post assigned to me by the Gondorian guard. Maybe one day the hoarse cry of the eagle and the wailing of the wolf will resound with the echo of His song. Maybe. Until then, I will be content myself with doubts and legends, and whispering prayers as I climb this mountain, again and again. And this is what I whisper: "I will lift up mine eyes unto the mountain peaks, from whence cometh my help. My help cometh from Eru, who made heaven and earth. He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: He that keepeth thee will not slumber. Behold, he that keepeth all Eä shall neither slumber nor sleep. Eru is thy keeper: Eru is thy shade upon thy right hand. The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. Eru shall preserve thee from all evil: he shall preserve thy soul. Eru shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even for evermore." oooOooo The background of this story: In a footnote to letter no.153 Tolkien mentions that in Númenor "the top of the Mountain, the Meneltarma or Pillar of Heaven, was dedicated to Eru, the One". I think that this belief could have passed with the Númenoreans across the sea and into Gondor. Assuming that the signal beacons of Gondor were indeed as high up on the mountain peaks of the Ered Nimrais as they were shown in the movies, taking care of a beacon would be much more than guard duty. It would mean living in a holy place. But what would being so close to Eru mean to the men guarding the beacons? How would it feel to be so close to the One? That is what I am trying to discover in this story. For this story I have adapted the psalm 121 in the version of the King James Bible to Middle-earth. It is one of my favourite prayers. Please don't take offence, because none is intended. The information on the beacons of Gondor comes mainly from "The Rivers and Beacon-hills of Gondor" by J.R.R. Tolkien, edited by Carl F. Hostetter, with additional commentary and materials provided by Christopher Tolkien, J.R.R. and Christopher Tolkien's texts ©2001 The Tolkien Trust, but the best source for the etymologies was: quicksilver899 dot com, look for "Tolkien Dictionary". oooOooo Please feel free to leave a comment! Anything at all: If you noticed a typo, if you don't like a characterization or description, if you thought a line especially funny, if there was anything you particularly enjoyed … I am really interested in what my readers think about my writing. You can leave a public comment (signed or anonymous), send me a private message, visit my forums or mail me off-site: juno underscore magic at magic dot ms Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed this story. Yours JunoMagic