he would have wounded to deal with. "What is your name?" "Halith," the dark haired man ground through clenched teeth. "Well, Halith," Aragorn said as he applied pressure to the wound. "You're very fortunate. An inch or so to the left, and a little deeper you would have been peirced through the heart. What are you doing out here? Tis a far way to come for hunting…" It was a delicate probe. Aragorn wished to know more of the men before he flippantly invited them to the elven refuge of Imladris. He knew already that his elder brothers would not relish taking the humans back to their home, but if they suspected that there was something amiss with the men… "The game we hunt is far roaming," one of Halith's companions interjected. "And we underestimated it. When we caught up, it was we who became the hunted." A light of understanding flickered in the young ranger's silver eyes. "You came after the men we rescued you from just now." "Yes," Halith nodded. "They are part of a large band that had been harrassing our village, and we hoped to put a stop to them. As my friend said though, we did not realize just how many were among them." Aragorn turned his attention away from his patient long enough to call over his shoulder. "We will have to take them with us. I do not have what I require here." As the young man's face swung back towards Halith, he missed the look that passed between his brothers. Open skeptiscism glittered in their grey eyes. Halith's dark eyes took in the elves' expressions. A small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. "Nay, sir," he addressed himself to Aragorn, keeping his voice soft. "We need not take your time, nor inconvenience you further." One of his companions cast him a surprised glance. "But Halith…" "I said," he raised his voice sharply, "we do not need to inconvenience these fine men further." Aragorn shook his head obstinately. " Do not be ridiculous. You have already said you have no healers among you, and your wound needs to be dressed before you try to travel back to your town. It is no burden to us," the ranger turned to the elf twins. "Is that not right, gwenyr nin ?" Elladan cursed inwardly as the humans turned hopeful eyes towards him and Elrohir. What was he to say after a statement like that? It would be unthinkable to turn injured men away…and yet… The look on Elrohir's face told him he was not alone in his reservations. There was something about these humans that he just did not trust. Unfortunately, until he had proof that there was malicious will in the small band, he could not find it in him to refuse sanctuary to a wounded man. "Of course," he finally answered, his voice cool, without a hint of the suspiscion that bubbled within him. "We would be honored to attend you." "There," Aragorn said cheerfully. "That's settled. Here, you two," he beckoned to Halith's friends. "help me get him up on his feet." The two men did as they were bidden, and soon, the whole party was on their way. Aragorn strode in front with the small band, leading, and keeping an eye on his patient at the same time. Elladan and Elrohir kept to the back, their faces grim. Aragorn noticed his brothers' dour expressions, and they gave him a pang of uneasiness, but the ranger pushed it aside. "You fought well, young man," Halith grinned tightly, his breathing coming harshly. He could not walk very well on his own, and his two friends took most of his weight on their own broad shoulders. Unfortunately, this also put a good deal of strain on his injury. Despite his obvious pain, the man kept up a steady stream of conversation. "I've seen much older warriors fare worse against so many…and they fighting with their proper hand!" Aragorn flushed at the praise, but could not help feeling a small glow of satisfaction. Finally, someone who did not view him as a bumbling child… ---------- Elrohir watched the man, Halith, conversing with Estel. The more the man talked, the more the elf's dark eyebrows crawled forward into a frown. He could not help it. There was…something…about this human he did not like. Halith made a comment and Estel blushed, but Elrohir could see the pleased grin creaping over his little brother's features. The younger twin narrowed his grey eyes slightly. Focused on the injured man, the young elf lord was not prepared for the wave of dark foreboding that rolled over him. He gasped, his footsteps faltering, eyes wide with horror. A strong hand caught his elbow as he nearly tripped and fell. As quickly as it had come, it was gone, leaving Elrohir deeply shaken. Estel and the humans walked on. They had not noticed any change. Only Elladan had seen his twin stumble. It was his hand that caught his brother. The elder twin's face was twisted with worry. Elrohir shuddered. He could not even tell what it was that he dreaded. Though a small portion of his father's gift of foresight had been endowed to him, and his siblings, he had never been able to see what the future held. Most of the time, he was quite happy to escape the knowledge of what was to come. He saw what a burden it was to his father, and he did not wish to take such a load on himself. At this moment, however, he would have given anything to know what dark peril walked in the guise of this human coming towards their home. His grey eyes met the identical gaze of his twin, and he shook his head in answer to the questioning look he saw there. He could not say what it was that worried him so deeply. He didn't know himself. 0-0-0-0 Ada-Father(daddy) Gwenyr nin-My brothers 0-0-0-0