Legolas placed one hand affectionately on Gimli's shoulder as he answered, once more in Westron. "I bring Gimli here, because my heart could not bear to be parted from every last one of my companions, and because I could no longer refuse the call of the Sea. I bring Gimli here, because Aulë, Mahal the Maker of the Dwarves, deserves to meet his finest achievement, and the greatest of all Dwarves to ever walk Middle Earth. I bring Gimli here because I could not sail a ship on my own, having never any training from the High-Elves or the Sea-Elves. I bring Gimli here because he has been by my side through every horror of the War of the Ring, and every triumph. I bring Gimli here because you gave me no other choice." Legolas' voice got stronger with each word he spoke as he became impassioned. Manwë spun about in anger at the accusation, pacing for a few moments before returning to the confrontation. "How have I caused you to have no option but to come with the Dwarf?" Legolas stood his ground, and his language, refusing to switch to Quenya, which not only could Gimli not understand, but Legolas had a severely limited ability to speak, for his own people had spoken Silvan, and Sindarin when they had to converse with foreign Elves, and Westron when they had to converse with foreign races. "You placed the Sea-Longing in my heart, from the moment I first heard the gulls at Pelargir. You received the Last Ship, only four years after the War of the Ring, and with it the Shipwright and all his people. When I made my promise to remain in Arda, with my kith and kin, you neglected to take away my Sea-Longing, though I had no way to reach the West, nor did I want to leave my people and my home. "At the last, when my dear friend Aragorn passed away, and I went to my kin one last time, you neglected to place the Sea-Longing in the hearts of any of my people, and so there they stay, until the end of Time, in the woodlands they still can truly love. The only friend I had left with the skill in crafts to build a ship, was my dear Gimli. And so toil we did, until we had made a ship which could cross the Sea, but no inexperienced sailor can cross half the world alone. I brought Gimli here because you gave me no other choice." Manwë spun back to sit on his throne, glowering. Varda placed one hand on his, silently asking him to just accept the Dwarf. "You asked me who I think I am," Legolas continued when the Valar all were silent. "I am Legolas Greenleaf, of the Woodland Realm. I am Prince of Eryn Lasgalen, for whom the forest was renamed after it was made wholesome again. I am Prince of South Ithilien, who restored health and glory to the forest in the shadow of the Ephel Duath. I am Legolas of the Nine Walkers, who escorted the Ringbearer safely towards Mordor. I am Legolas of the Three Hunters, who tracked Uruk-Hai, unnatural monsters of Saruman, for four days without food or rest until we were assured that our companions were no longer in the hands of the Uruks or the Orcs. I am Legolas, who in every land of Middle-Earth needs no introduction other than my name, for tales of the deeds of the War of the Ring travelled far and wide. I am Legolas, alone of the Elves, to have been taught the secret language of the Dwarves, to know more than a few words of the coveted language. I am Legolas, alone of the Silvan, to be afflicted with the Longing for the Sea. I am Legolas, who repaired the ancient rift between Dwarves and Elves, bringing great peace and prosperity to both peoples in the Fourth Age. "I am Legolas, who brings a Dwarf before the Valar, to show Aulë the finest example of his people, so that he may look upon his work and be proud. I am Legolas of the Woodland Realm." In the ensuing silence, Legolas inclined his head in a short bow, then turned away from the thrones, walking calmly through the hall. He turned around to say one last thing before leaving. "I am Legolas Greenleaf. That is who I think I am. Gimli the Dwarf has as much right to spend his last days here as I, for he has given as much of himself to the greater good as I have." Legolas left the hall, Gimli hurrying at his side. A few weeks later, Oropher sent one of his apparently yearly invitations to Tathar and Sílmariel to move into his household. Days later, Sílmariel appeared on the doorstep, having accepted. Tathar moved in a week later, for he had grown lonely on the Isle. Legolas was slightly amused to discover that, within the hierarchy of Oropher's House, he actually ranked above his brothers, but still below Oropher himself, Nímros and Galadriel, but equal with Elrond and Celebrían. Gimli had been the one to point the hierarchy out to Legolas, who had found his friend's observation to be spot on. Legolas had many moments of mirth which stemmed from this, and it soon became a game for Legolas to pull rank on his older brothers. Legolas' heart healed during his time in Oropher's House, and thougheventually his dear friend Gimli passed away, and was buried beside the Halflings, Bilbo, Frodo and Samwise, he eventually became as full of light and laughter as any Elf of Aman. He made many friends in Aman. Lalaith and Turion, in particular, visited often and invited him to sail with them to and from Tol Eresseä regularly. It was nearly a hundred years after Legolas' arrival that he realised he wanted to leave. He missed his friends and family. He wanted to go home.