looking into his eyes. "How long since he hit his head?" he asked, his fingers ghosting over the large purple bruise forming on Legolas' temple. Legolas winced at the touch, but otherwise seemed rather compliant. Belhadron thought it was a nice change. "About three hours," he replied. "He kept asking what had happened on the journey back." The healer nodded. "It's to be expected," he said with a small smile. "His mind is just sorting itself out again. In an hour or so he should come out of it, but we'll keep him in here until he does." Belhadron nodded, and settled back on one of the other beds. Legolas turned to him. "Why am I in here?" he asked softly. His hand went up to his head, and the healer pulled it back down again. "What happened?" Belhadron sighed. Legolas hadn't asked in a few minutes and he had hoped that he was snapping out of it. Apparently not. He opened his mouth to answer the same thing that he had been saying for the past few hours, when he suddenly paused. A slow smile came across his face. "The spiders have learnt how to throw rocks," he said, trying to hide a grin from Legolas. "You were hit in the head on a patrol." Legolas frowned, and for a moment Belhadron thought he had gone a little too unrealistic, but Legolas merely opened his mouth and said: "We'll need to do something about that." He tried to sit up, but the healer pushed him back down. "You are staying here until I say otherwise, my Lord," he said sternly, and to Belhadron's surprise Legolas merely nodded and sat back down. He looked over at Belhadron, apparently still expecting an answer about the spiders. Belhadron bit his lip and tried to stop himself laughing, ignoring the healer's disapproving look. "I'll get on it," he said. "Don't worry about it." Legolas nodded. "Thanks," he said. He leant back on the bed at the healer's insistence, and for a few more minutes there was quiet. Then Legolas sat up, and Belhadron groaned. "Ai Valar," he muttered, as Legolas turned to him with a confused expression. "What happened?" Legolas asked. "Why am I in the healing wards?" Belhadron thought for a moment, before hiding his grin and replying. "Well, there was a dragon…" Legolas groaned as someone shook his shoulder. "Go away," he muttered. He heard someone laugh, a little too loudly for his liking, and then the shaking of his shoulder resumed. Legolas groaned again, and then rolled over, wincing as the pounding in his head was amplified by the movement. "Are you awake?" he heard someone ask, and he recognised Belhadron's voice. He grimaced, and sat up, wincing against the bright light. "Of course I'm awake," he said with another groan. "I'm sitting up, aren't I? I'm talking. Why did you wake me up, anyway?" He glared at Belhadron, who laughed again. "What do you remember of the past day?" his second asked, and Legolas finally looked around him. He was in his own room, still dressed in hunting clothes, and it was dark. Belhadron was in a chair next to the bed, sitting how he usually did when he had to wait for a while: knees drawn up to his chest and arms wrapped loosely around them. He was grinning, and that was the first thing that made Legolas a little suspicious. Legolas frowned. "We were out on patrol, and then…" He shook his head. "Nothing." He reached up to his head. "Concussion?" Belhadron nodded. "A very amusing concussion, I must admit," he said with a grin. Legolas groaned. "What did I do?" "Nothing much, but every time I let you walk of your own accord you walked into a tree or me, and you forgot everything I told you within two minutes for about five hours." Belhadron chuckled. "You must have asked what happened over four hundred times, mellon-nin ." Legolas grinned tiredly, and fell back onto his bed. "Sorry," he murmured. "But what actually happened? I don't remember." "An orc slammed your head into a tree," replied Belhadron. "I did tell you this when you first started coming round a few hours ago, but…you obviously forgot." "Obviously," muttered Legolas. He rolled over so he could see Belhadron, blinking in the light from the fire. "You don't have to stay," he muttered. "I'll be fine." "Someone needs to wake you up every hour or so," said Belhadron with a smile. "Don't worry about it. Go back to sleep." Legolas nodded, and his eyes half slid shut. He was almost asleep when he suddenly frowned. "What is it?" asked Belhadron. Legolas shook his head. "I could have sworn…There weren't any spiders involved, were there? Or rocks?" He was already half asleep, and so he must have imagined the stifled snort of laughter from Belhadron. A moment later a warm hand fell on his shoulder. "No, there weren't any spiders or rocks, or dragons for that matter," said Belhadron. "Go to sleep." Legolas nodded tiredly, and his eyes steadily unfocused. It was only when Belhadron was sure he was asleep that he stopped biting the inside of his cheek and let out a snort of laughter. Next time, just because, he really did hope that there were spiders involved. The End This second story, about a concussion, is based on real life events from me, as I mentioned earlier. My mum spent about two hours telling me over and over again what happened when I fell off my horse, because I would literally forget a few minutes later. It wasn't funny at the time, but now it is pretty hilarious to hear the story. If anyone has any requests as to what they would like to see as short oneshots of Mirkwood, feel free to ask! Seriously, pretty much anything you would like (no smut, though), if I feel inspired, I will write it. As always, thank you for reading.