have over three thousand elves ready to march when the sun rises. I would rather be well prepared for the worst, than sit back and wish for the best outcome." Legolas nodded, watching out of the window. "Then we will be prepared," he said. "And if it comes to the worst, then it comes to it." Thranduil smiled ever so slightly, but it was tinged with grief. Not for the first time, the pang of guilt made itself known again. He had done this to his son, to his child. Oh, the state of their realm had forced his hand, but he was the one who had first set a bow in Legolas' hand. He was the one who had raised his son in a realm of war. He knew how futile it was to wish it were otherwise, but sometimes he did. Sometimes Thranduil futilely hoped that Legolas could have lived without risking his life so much, without the constant presence of shadow and danger that surrounded Mirkwood now. Usually these more despondent thoughts came unbidden when Legolas was away from the stronghold and there was no news, or more often if the realm had once again demanded something more from him, and he was lying in the healing wards. But Thranduil could tell that they were approaching even more desolate times, and with instincts long since fed by the shadow spreading from Dol Guldur and Mordor, he knew that events that had started with the death of Smaug were only just beginning to truly unfold. Legolas turned away from the window, and that broke Thranduil out of his thoughts. "I have something for you," he said, moving across the room and kneeling down beside an open chest. Legolas came to look over his shoulder as Thranduil pulled something out that glinted in the firelight. Thranduil handed it to Legolas, who looked at him in surprise. "This is mine?" he asked. Thranduil smiled softly. "I had it made a while ago, but there has never been a need for you to wear it. Armour is hardly the most useful thing amongst trees." Legolas held it up with a small smile. A thick leather jerkin, almost a coat, was gripped in his hands. Overlapping metal plates lay across the entire torso, intricate chainmail down the arms and inside the leather itself. There were separate plates that, when put on, would sit across Legolas' shoulders and the top of his chest. The collar stood up, encircling and protecting the neck. When Legolas turned it over in his hands, he found the vambraces already sewn into the inside of the forearms. " Hannon le, Adar ," he said softly. "It is beautiful armour." "It will keep you safe," replied Thranduil. "At least, I hope it will." He sighed, and took the armour back, laying it on top of the chest. He turned to Legolas. "Promise me that in the days to come you will stay safe," he said softly. His hands came to rest on either side of Legolas' face, and any doubts Legolas had that what was to come was less than they were preparing for vanished when he saw the look on his father's face. Legolas smiled ever so slightly. "You know I cannot promise you that, Adar ," he replied. "I will not sit back if it comes to a battle." "And I would not ask you to," replied Thranduil. How he wished he could, but he could not be that selfish. He would not do that to his son, though he still felt that pang of guilt at Legolas being so ready to risk his life for his realm. He sighed, and Legolas smiled again. "I promise that I will try," he said. "But not at the cost of other people's lives." "And that is all that I can ask of you, ion ," Thranduil said softly. He rested his forehead against Legolas', and his golden hair slipped forwards over his shoulders. Legolas' hair was for once unbraided and loose around his shoulders, and the slightly darker golden colour mingled with Thranduil's silver blond hair. Thranduil pulled back and the moment passed, the two elves becoming King and Prince once more. "We will march as soon as the Sun first rises," he said. "I want us to be at the edge of the realm by midday, if not sooner. It has already been a day since Smaug fell, and pieces are beginning to be played. We must make our move." Legolas nodded, pulling away and picking up his armour. The steel plates shifted underneath his hands, and the armour almost rippled, glinting in the orange firelight. "We will be ready," he said. Thranduil nodded. "Make sure we are," he said, and Legolas nodded once more, promising he would see to it. With a final smile, from a son to a father, he slipped out of the door. Thranduil watched him go, and he could not help wonder how long it was that the Woodland Realm could hang on for before the darkness overwhelmed them. So that's your first chapter. I spent quite a lot of time thinking about what Thranduil's motivations regarding Erebor are- he's not being totally truthful with Legolas here, and I think the treasure of Erebor is more prominent in his mind than he may let on, but I don't think that's the only thing. Also, I guessed at the size of the army they take- all it says in the book is over 1000 elves, but I honestly think you'd need more than 1000 elves to fight in a battle as big at that of the Five Armies. Next chapter will be up on Saturday, probably sometime in the evening (UK time). As always, reviews are very welcome, and if anyone is new and wants to stop by and chat, I don't bite! Unless you're made of chocolate. Easter is coming and with it my lack of control over any semblance of healthy eating...