wasn't naive enough to say he was in love with or had fallen for Thranduil, nor was it likely that the king of Mirkwood harbored any such feelings for Elrond aside from his obvious lust. But, be that as it may, it filled his heart with joy to know he no longer needed to feel as though as he faced the ages alone until the time came for him to sail to gray havens and be reunited with his beloved wife. Back in his office, Elrond had called for his sons to be sent to him. Thranduil's cryptic message to ask them about 'what happened in Gondor two summers past' had scarce left his mind. Of course they were there in mere moments, obviously curious as to what exactly the king had demanded in tribute as payment for Glorfindel's actions. "You called for us, Adar? (father)" Elrohir asked, casting an uneasy glance to his twin who chose to remain silent. Really, they should have known spreading the rumors was a bad idea. Everyone knew about the elk , but they decided to spice it up and tell everyone who'd listened about how their father's journey to Mirkwood was actually to ask in person for Thranduil's blessing for Glorfindel to be bonded to said elk as he was deeply in love with the creature. Glorfindel, terrified of making Elrond any angrier, had opted to avoid just about everyone for the time being. The poor sod. "Yes, while speaking with Thranduil he mentioned something very interesting that I should ask the two of you about." Elrond explained, with a faint smile. Of course, the twins noticed the smile and made uneasy eye contact. Their father did not often smile. "Oh? But first, Adar, please tell us what the king demanded in tribute!" Elladan piped up, hoping it might change the subject. Political drawl had to be better than the question he was sure was coming. Elrohir must have sensed it as well and nodded in fervent approval to Elladan's suggestion. "Tell me what happened two summers ago in Gondor, and I shall tell you what the king demanded in tribute." Elrond inquired, oddly delighted to see the way they both squirmed. "Well, as you know we were with Estel and Prince Legolas." Elrohir began and looked at the ground with an expression on his face as though he'd swallowed a slug. "The night before we all left, we all went to a tavern for a bit of fun." Elladan continued, also looking like he wished he could melt into the floor. "We were... drunk. Very drunk. So we thought it would be a good idea to have a bet." Elrohir recalled, picking at the edge of his sleeve. "Right. We had ourselves a drunken archery contest. Probably not a good idea by itself, never mind the stakes. " Elladan said, miserably. "What were the stakes?" Elrond asked, trying hard not to laugh. This was not going to end well. "Second and Third place had to bed one another." Elrohir explained, red faced. "First place was the winner and got to choose anyone in the tavern the person in fourth place had to bed. Seducing them was their problem." Elladan continued. "Estel won, do not ask how. Dumb luck, I would assume since he was the drunkest. Legolas was in fourth. Also probably some cruel twist of luck as he is a better archer than us. And we... Oh Valar." Elrohir practically whined and stared hard at the floor, his face red. Elrond couldn't help but laugh, it was a pretty hilarious image. ...Never mind a group of drunk men trying to shoot a bow. "And how did that go, if I dare ask?" Elrond inquired, grinning. "...Better than Legolas' night I would wager." Elrohir said with a shrug. "Estel paired him with a dwarf. Gimli, son of Gloin I believe. At any rate, Legolas' pride won over and he actually did it. The Dwarf was pretty intoxicated though, we do not think he remembered." "It wasn't really that bad, really. Kind of narcissistic if anything, like having sex with yourself. Since we are identical." Elladan said sheepishly. Elrohir rolled his eyes and made a sort of choking noise. If Elrond had to guess from their expressions, they'd actually enjoyed it and had probably done it again a few times since. "Nan Aear a Geil! (By the sea and stars) You two are unbelievable. And I am surprised Thranduil did not have you both killed for being involved in a plan that resulted in his son bedding a dwarf. The Valar know how he would feel about that." Elrond replied, shaking his head. "Yeah, he knows it all happened, but he is under the impression Legolas bedded Estel. Estel apparently felt so bad about it he was willing to take the blame." Elrohir explained. Elrond would have to have a talk with Estel about this as well... Even if only to see his reaction - it wasn't really worth punishing. "So, what did Thranduil want in Tribute?" Elladan inquired, desperate for a change of subject. Elrond thought of lying for a moment, but there wasn't any need as the conversation was interrupted by a light knock on the door. "My Lord Elrond, King Thranduil himself is here to speak with you. Shall I bring him here?" Came the voice of Lindir from the other side of the door. "No, take him to my chambers." Elrond replied with a meaningful glance at the twins, luckily Lindir made no comment. Elladan and Elrohir wore an identical expression of utter shock. Elrond had to admit, it was even funnier in real life than merely what he'd imagined. If he was honest, seeing the look on their faces was well worth the scandal that was sure to break loose. So Thranduil had decided to visit Imladris... Surely it will be an interesting afternoon. Elrond mused as he left the twins behind gaping like fish in total disbelief.