and the moment ended. "I'm nearly done," she said with a smile, tying the paper up with a bright string. She looked around for something to cut the string with. "I just need…" "Here," said the elf. He shifted his cloak aside and pulled a knife from a sheath at his belt. Flipping it in his hand, he reached over with an easy smile and, as she held the string taut, cut through it with ease. She watched the elf as he flipped the knife once more in his hand, being careful to keep it away from the child, and put it back in it's sheath. It was a beautiful knife, the handle pale and carved with flowing designs, but she guessed that it was functional, above all. It certainly looked sharp. The knife disappeared beneath the grey cloak, and she handed the wrapped candy over to the man. He shifted his son so he was carrying him with one hand, but then realised that with taking the candy, he could not reach any money. "Here," the man said to the elf. "Take him." Without ceremony, he lifted his son up and handed him to the elf. There was a slight pause, when a little of what looked like to her apprehension passed over his face, but then he swung the boy up and settled him in his arms, much like his father had done. The man reached for money, and handed some coins over. "My thanks," he said with a smile, the grey in his eyes warm ash once more. She shook her head. "My stall is here often. Anytime you wish for some more candies…" She gestured at the display in front of him. Both man and elf laughed softly, and she smiled. "Enjoy the rest of the festivities." The elf smiled, and she saw the crinkles form around his eyes. He tucked one long strand of blond hair behind one pointed ear, still under his hood. "I am sure we will," he said. "Estel, we should head on if we are to reach the fields before it becomes busy." The man- Estel, she remembered, nodded, and with a final goodbye they moved off, the elf swinging the man's son down to walk to one side of them, the candied fruit grasped firmly in his hands. She watched them go, and wandered, as she rearranged some of the tarts in front of her, what exactly they had fought through. Even after ten years, warriors such as themselves were easily recognisable, if someone knew what to look for, and the two of them reminded her of the ghosts that had swept through Pelargir ten years ago: the Dunedain of near legends and the man who would become her King, though nobody had known it as the shadows rode through ten years ago. She would like to think, as she watched them walk away, that they fought together. They certainly looked like close friends, people who had known each other for a long time, or had been through so much together that such a close friendship was inevitable. Actually, she thought, they looked like brothers. The blond elf and the dark haired man had seemed at first glance maybe an unlikely friendship, but she dared anyone who saw them for more than a few moments to say otherwise. They held themselves like warriors, but also as two people who moved around each other with ease, without needing to look to know where the other was. With that thought, she wondered how long they had known each other. She realised that at times the elf had looked old, though it may have been her own imagination filling in the gaps, she could not be sure. Both of their eyes held the scars of war, but in her memory, it was the elf's eyes that had looked like deep memories, stretching back to before her ancestors, whoever they were, were even born. She did not think she had ever had friends as close as the man and elf were. Maybe it was something that could only be forged by things such as she imagined was visible in their eyes, in the way they moved themselves. But at the same time, the war did not seem to wholly dwell on them, and she chuckled softly to herself as she watched the child jump up over a crack in the stones paving the street. They turned down a side street, and the elf turned towards the man, so she could see his face. The man- Estel- said something, and she saw the elf's expression soften slightly, in sympathy or shared experience she could not tell. The elf reached out and grasped the man's shoulder, and the two of them briefly paused in the streets, watching each other and nothing else for some precious moments. And then the child said something, the words lost to her hearing. The man bent down with an affectionate smile and the elf laughed, that same silver sound that had first alerted her to their presence. The elf began speaking in his flowing tongue once more, and they moved away, out of her sight. Her thoughts strayed back to them a few times over the course of the day, and for a little while she looked for them in the afternoon, when she was within the crowds on the fields. But she did not see the man and the elf, nor the young boy, and soon enough they slipped from her mind. Minas Tirith was a busy city, after all. But occasionally they sprung up unbidden in her thoughts. At those times, she thought of the war and the destruction she had seen, and hoped for them too, the memories were fading, and the blade was becoming a little less sharp. And sometimes, in her dreams, of the grey-cloaked shadows that passed through Pelargir, there were glimpses of long blond hair, and eyes the colour of warm ash. The End.