His face fell slightly. "I'm sorry, Adar " he said quietly. Thranduil frowned. "Whatever for, ion-nin ?" he asked. Legolas shifted uneasily. "I left you, Adar . I left my home, our kingdom, in its time of need. I left it to fend against the shadow whilst I went off on the Quest, a quest that seemed so foolish and hopeless. I abandoned you, and I am sorry." Thranduil sighed. "You have nothing to be sorry for" he said softly, reaching forwards and squeezing his son's hand. "The Quest succeeded, you triumphed and your home is still here. I am still here. Tell me, ion-nin , at the time, were you doing what you thought was right?" Legolas nodded slowly. "I thought it was the only hope of saving Eryn Lasgalen. And," he said, smiling wryly. "Someone had to look after Aragorn." Thranduil nodded, smiling slightly. "So you did not abandon us. You saved us, ion-nin . I am certain that without you on the Quest, many more lives would have been lost. Aragorn would probably have been mortally injured at least twice. Who knows what might have happened, had you chosen to stay here? You may have died ion-nin , defending your home. I could not have lived with that." Legolas smiled. " Hannon le, Adar " he said quietly. He sipped his wine appreciatively. "How has our home fared?" he asked. "I found out little when staying in Minas Tirith." Thranduil raised one eyebrow, curious as to the adventures his son had been on. He restrained from asking, knowing full well that Legolas would tell all when he was ready. Instead he simply sipped his wine and leant back. "There had been vicious fighting under the trees" he started. "About a week or two before the destruction of The One Ring…" Legolas leant back, resting his wine goblet in his lap. He kept listening to his father's voice as his eyes unfocused. "The forest has been badly burnt, but…" Thranduil stopped some time later as he looked up at his son, and saw the glazed eyes that indicated he was walking in elven dreams. He stood up silently, carefully lifting the goblet out of Legolas' hands and setting it on the mantelpiece, before stooping and lifting his son in his arms. The King carefully laid Legolas down on the bed, making sure not to disturb him. He straightened up, gazing down at his son fondly. "I'm glad you are home, ion-nin " he said softly. 0-o-0-o-0 The sun was rising over the treetops outside the palace. Its gentle rays fell on the face of a figure, sitting hunched on a balcony. Legolas stirred as the sun hit his face, his blond hair shivering in the light breeze. He straightened with a start as someone knocked on his door, and leapt from the balcony as the door opened. His hand went instantly to his belt, where he had hung one of his knives. Thranduil opened the door to see Legolas standing in the doorway between the balcony and his room. A long white knife was in his hand, though he held it loosely. Legolas jumped as he realised he was now clutching his knife. What had he been doing? He immediately let go and backed away from his father slightly, turning to head back out onto the balcony. Thranduil joined Legolas as he stood, hands clenched on the balcony rail. His knuckles were white where he was gripping it so tightly, and Thranduil could see a slight tremor in them. He placed a comforting hand on his son's shoulder, and Legolas turned. "I'm sorry" he said softly. "I don't know what happened." Thranduil smiled softly. "You have been at war, that's what has happened" he said. " Ion-nin , war changes many things. You are lucky; you have come out alive and healthy. You have been able to come home, to see these days renewed. Yes, the images plague you, but they plague all who took part in this war. They will fade, in time." Legolas looked up at his father, and silver eyes met blue. Thranduil reached out, pulling Legolas away from the balcony and into his arms. He hugged his son fiercely. "They will never truly leave you" he whispered. "But they will dim, if given time. I can still see images from the Last Alliance, but they haunt me less and less with each coming day. You need not worry, penneth . It is over. The war has finished." Legolas smiled. "It has, hasn't it?" he murmured, pulling away from Thranduil and turning to look out across the forest. The sunlight slanted through the trees, dappling on the forest floor. It was so different, so different to how it had been when he had left only a year ago. Thranduil turned to lean on the balcony next to Legolas. "It is over" the King murmured. "There is still work to do, a lot of it, but yes, ion-nin , it is over." Legolas began to laugh, softly at first, his voice shaking, before growing strong, his high melodious voice ringing out through the forest. His face shone with a light that had, if not been absent, been dimmed for so many hundreds of years. " Aiya! " he cried out in the elvish tongue. " Behold! The day has come! Night has fallen! " He laughed again, tears running down his face. There would be time, plenty of time, to revel in the newfound light, to tell his tales. For now, he was just glad to be home. 0-o-0-o-0 Roads go ever on and on Under cloud and under star, Yet feet that wandering have gone Turn at last to home afar. Eyes that fire and sword have seen And horror in the halls of stone Look at last on meadows green And trees and hills they long have known. The End Elvish translations: sidh- peace mellon-nin- my friend adar- father ion-nin- my son ion- son