Ent-wife was singing, as soft as rustling leaves. The Ent-wife's voice was so quiet I could barely hear the words, and she paused for several minutes between lines, as though she'd forgotten how they went. "When broken is the barren bough, and light and labor past...I'll look for thee, and wait for thee, until we meet again...together we will take the road beneath the bitter rain." "That was real pretty," I said politely. The words had made me shudder, and now my voice sounded too loud and harsh against the tree trunks in the forest. " Búrarum ...There are more lines than that...and yet I cannot remember them," the Ent-wife admitted, her voice slower and softer than ever. "I am tired...I am old, now...older than Elves, and wizards...rivers, and mountains. I confess...I have forgotten them all. Even the face of my dear Fangorn...never to meet again...Yes, brm...hoom ...I am ready to sleep...and I doubt...I...shall...wake..." The creature's head bowed low. Her mossy eyes creaked shut. "Wait!" I cried. "What do you mean?" She didn't answer. "Hello?" I yelled. "Please, wake up! I'm still lost!" Several minutes passed, and finally, with a creak of her head, the Ent-wife opened her eyes again and looked down at me. " Hoom brm-hmm , your people are up that way," she croaked, pointing one of its branch-fingers behind me. The chipmunk scurried down its arm and stopped at the tip of the Ent-wife's hand, staring at me. Its nose twitched, and I giggled. "Your friend here is unharmed," the Ent-wife added slowly. "You were good to care for her...I do not remember, yet I feel...that my kind would have been fond of you... brm-hoom ...You would have...been named...tree-friend...if my kind...were still...in...bloom." Her branches seemed to wilt, and her lichen-green eyes slipped shut. " Búrarum , now...I shall sleep...Yes, I yield...at last...and I say...his…land...is...best." The Ent-wife fell silent again, and I stared at her, willing her to wake up again. "Ent-wife?" I asked. "Ent-wife! Hello? Wait!" Five long minutes passed in silence, and I didn't move a muscle. Finally, creakily, the Ent-wife's eyes opened one last time. "What's your name?" I asked desperately. The Ent-wife gave a weary laugh, or maybe it was just the wind rustling in her leaves. "...Always...so hasty...young...one..." she whispered. Her voice sounded far away. "But I fear...I...do not...now...re...mem... bú...ra...rum... " Her eyes slipped shut, and I knew, somehow, that they would not open again. "Ent-wife? Wait! Ent-wife!" I cried. The only reply I received was a gusty sort of sigh, the wind rippling through her branches. Already she looked less like a troll, and more like an ordinary tree. Her legs looked more like an ordinary trunk, her face was blending in to the rough bark, and it was hard to imagine that the apples in her branches had ever resembled a head of hair. Suddenly realizing how cold I was, I turned back the way the creature had pointed. "Thank you, Ent-wife," I said. She didn't answer. I hurried away, my eyes full of tears. I wept as I walked, my hands balled into fists against my eyes, although I couldn't put into words what was wrong. I followed the path that the Ent-wife had pointed out for me, and before long I was back on the trail where the teenagers had been feeding the wildlife. Thankfully, they were nowhere to be seen now. I ran back to the entrance of the visitor's center, my canteen swinging wildly on my backpack strap, and suddenly I was enveloped in a hug. "Bee! There you are, thank goodness, we were so worried!" My mom looked frantic. "Where were you? Oh, we found her, dear!" she called over her shoulder, and I saw my dad talking to one of the park rangers worriedly. "She's here? Oh thank goodness—" Another hug. "I'm sorry," I managed to say, before the lecturing began. "What were you thinking—?" "—and we were only gone for a minute!" "What if something had happened-?" "You know better than to—" I couldn't let them continue—I had too many questions. "What are Ent-wives?" I demanded. My parents looked stunned. "Wh—what?" "Ent-wives!" I exclaimed. "I saw one. In the forest. It helped me find my way home." My dad pressed a hand against his forehead. "Not now, Bee—" "I mean it! I saw one, and she was so sad and sleepy and she had apples in her hair—" "Bee!" my mom snapped. "That is enough. We had a hike planned for this afternoon, and now I'm not sure if that's the best idea." I gaped in horror, sobering up at once. "No! I'll be good! I promise! I'm sorry I ran off, really. I'll be good. Let's go on the hike. Please!" My parents finally conceded, and the rest of the day passed as normally as ever. Despite my best searching, I didn't see a single tree behaving unusually. Everything seemed perfectly ordinary. The majestic beauty of the national park seemed dull, somehow...dimmer than before, and I couldn't help but burst into tears at dinner, even though I knew the Ent-wife wasn't dead, not really. But she wasn't an Ent-wife anymore...that much I knew, even though I didn't think I understood what an Ent-wife was in the first place. Even back at home, everything was normal. No one I talked to had ever seen or heard of talking trees, and I never saw another one. Maybe the Ent-wife had been right—she was the only one left. That thought always made me sad. My parents were quick to dismiss the encounter as an eight-year-old's invention, and, reluctant though I was to admit it, over the years I finally came to agree with them. By the time I was an adult, I had accepted that my meeting with the last Ent-wife was nothing more than a faded daydream. After all, even the creature from my daydream had agreed: magic wasn't real here, and neither was Santa Claus, or elves, or dwarves, or wizards...or even Ent-wives.