way here. I think, I may have cut my leg open, for it is bleeding and pains me greatly," he admitted. "Let's sit you down," Elrond said and guided his new guest towards the close stairs for him to sit on. He saw how Celebrian, having followed him after hearing the elf's beg from the door, closed the door wing behind them, locking the storm out. "Bring me a blanket for our guest, melleth," Elrond asked softly after sitting the elf down. Love. His own clothes were wet by now but he didn't pay it any heed. He kneeled in front of the stranger and pushed the wet cloak out of his way to take a look at the foot. The boot was sliced up at the side, so were the trousers underneath. The elf hissed in pain when Elrond opened the shoe laces. "What is your name, mellon-nin?" The healer asked, focused on the injury and only glancing up long enough to see the elf bite his teeth together with an expression of pain on his face. My friend. "Soread," the elf answered with a fleeting grin. "And may I require who you are, my Lord? I am afraid I do still not know where I am." The very polite diction spoke of this elf's schooling. "Ah, forgive me. You are in Rivendell, in Imladris, the Last Homely House east of the Sea and I am Elrond, the Lord of this house." He felt the elf stiffen and looked up. "I apologize, but I will have to take your shoe off. It will hurt quite a bit," he smiled apologetic. Celebrian came with the blanket and placed it next to the elf for the time being; he should take the wet cloak off before wrapping in the blanket, otherwise he would not warm up in the slightest. "It is fine," Soread spoke through gritted teeth, though he remained tense. A groan was heard when Elrond quickly pulled the shoe off. Taking the scissors Celebrian held towards him, he cut the trousers away to see more of the wound. Skilfully, Elrond examined the wound. It was a deep, jarred cut from Soread's knee all the way down to his ankle. It had swollen already and was bleeding heavily. "I will need to clean the wound and stitch it up afterwards," the healer explained. "I could do it here but I would prefer to move you to the healing wing. Do you think you can make it up the stairs? I shall aid you. Otherwise we will have to get a stretcher. And we should also get you out of your wet clothing as soon as possible." "I will manage," Soread spoke, already battling with the clasp of the harness he wore. Only now did Elrond find the time to realise the elf was carrying two knives and two strange leather tubes on his back, in addition to two long knives at his belt. Placing his items next to him, Soread pushed the hood of his cloak back. Silver blond hair appeared underneath, and the exhausted lines of a fair face. Looking at him, Elrond could see he was quite young, about the age of the twins. His eyes were of an unrivalled silver colour mixed with grey streaks that fit perfectly to his long hair. "Celebrian, love, would you mind preparing everything? I will follow with our guest soon," Elrond directed towards his wife who had been looking over his shoulder. "Of course," she said and stood to hurry up the stairs towards the healing ward. Helping the elf to stand after he had gotten rid of his wet cloak and taking his knives and the leather tubes – Soread seemed anxious to not let them out of his sight – Elrond helped the stranger up the stairs. Sensing no threat from the wanderer, Elrond put the knives on the side table of a bed in the healing wing. Half an hour later, Soread's leg was taken care of and he was wearing warm clothing once more. Looking at the wet clothes in greens and browns with a very distinctive pattern on them, Elrond wondered where the elf came from. "You are not from Imladris, nor from Lorien, if I guess correct by your clothing. Where do you come from, Soread? Your clothing does not remind me of what the elves of the west usually wear." "I hail from Greenwood the Great, my Lord, though it has been many years since I last set foot into this unrivalled forest. I am a traveller and only seldom return to the vast expanses under the most beautiful tree's in all of Arda." His words spoke of a deep love for said forest. Surprised about the answer, for Elrond had not met any wood elves since that fateful meeting where Crown Prince Alcanor had nearly been killed in his house, the healer rose a brow. He smiled though and decided he had deprived the elf of his sleep for long enough. He could see Soread's eyes dropping and the elf had been tired to begin with. "Should you require anything, Soread of Greenwood, you must only ask. I wish you a good night. May the stars shine upon your dreams." "And I thank the Valar for leading my steps to this house, my Lord, for I do not know what I should have done without your capable hands and your warm offer of shelter." The elf directed one hand towards his chest in gratitude and bowed his head. "Tis nothing. Rest now," Elrond smiled and left the healing ward. Outside, Celebrian was waiting for him. He walked up to her and wrapped his arms around her waist. Before she could speak, he kissed her insistently, planning on continuing where they had left of. Requiting the kiss with the same fire, Celebrian stirred her husband to their bed chambers. The door fell close behind them. Please review! A big thanks to my beta(s) SamGreg!