he kissed and licked at my inner thigh, inching closer and closer to my gem. He looked up and asked me,"Marali. We're nearing the point of no return-" "Legolas, It's okay." I smiled, my hands gripping the blankets in anticipation as he pulled down the last piece of cloth on me. "This may hurt a bit…" He muttered, sliding in one of his fingers. I moaned and twisted at the blanket. It did hurt, and a hundred plus years of being a virgin didn't help at all as he slid in a second finger. Sure I…Experimented with myself every once in a while, but nothing really got me going like this. I cringed as he began to scissor me. "Ah!" I moaned loudly as he rubbed his fingers on my walls. I squirmed, trying desperately to stay still; but find it getting increasingly difficult as he rubbed my leaned forward and sucked on my numb. I tried to hold back the animalistic sounds, only to have him nibble on me and suck harder. "It doesn't work like that, Marali…" He said pulling away and wiping his mouth. Legolas removed his belt and let it drop to the floor before unclasping his pants and pulling out his fully erected member. I turned red and looked away, not wanting to stare. It wasn't huge, but it wasn't small either. Maybe about seven inches, eight max. Legolas leaned over me and I stared into his eyes. Those beautiful green eyes… "Keep looking at my eyes, Marali." He whispered. "There's no turning back after this." He murmured, kissing my neck and jaw. I nod. "I don't want to turn back, Legolas." I whisper. "Take a deep breath." He says, sliding into me. I try to inhale, but my breath catches as he pushes in slowly. I wanted to cry out in pain it hurt so bad, but I just gritted my teeth. "L-Legolas!" I moan, yes it hurt, but at the same time there was an intense pleasure. I squeezed my eyes shut and bit my lips. Soon he was half-way in. Legolas held me close, eventually sitting me up and holding me. "Shh It's okay it won't hurt for long." Legolas whispered sweet things into my ear. "It's okay love don't cry. Look at me, I want to see your face." I looked at him, a tear trailed down my pale cheek and he kissed it away. "I love you." I smile and place a rough hand on his jawline. I moan as he began to move again, thrusting in slowly so as to not harm me. It began to hurt less and less and he thrust in deeper and a little bit harder each time. I buried my face into his neck; wrapping my arms around him I moved my hips along in sync. He began to pick up the pace more and more, forcing himself in deeper until he was finally all the way in. Soon the room was filled with the sounds of our love. I was the first to succumb to the pleasure, experiencing my first 'orgasm' as he called it. I bucked into him as my body twitched and squeezed tightly around him, and after a few more thrust he came as well; filling me with his warm seed. But he wasn't done yet, her laid me back down, but this time on my side. Then he too laid beside me and pushed back into me. Instead of his quickening pace he aimed in at different angles, hitting a new spot each time he thrusted. I was at loss of what Legolas was trying to accomplish, but soon realized as he entered in again and again, making me orgasm once again as he hit an incredible feeling spot.. "Ah! Legolas! Ah-ah!" I moaned and grasped at the sheets. I could just feel him grinning behind me as he repeatedly hit that spot again and again. I struggled to catch my breath as he pushed in roughly one last time, cumming inside me once again. He groaned as his length pulsated inside me. We were both a mess as I went limp in his arms, still conscious but very tired. I turned to him, squirming around and moving onto my other so I could see that handsome face I adored so much. Legolas pulled me close to him and I inhaled his scent. Even after that all that physical movement he still smelt sweet. I closed my eyes, falling asleep in his arms. "I love you" He whispered kissing my forehead and pulling the blanket over my naked body, before drifting off to sleep himself. One year later Legolas smiled and cooed at the child in my arms, not just any ones child though. Our child. It had been hell for Legolas to convince his father to let him marry a half-blood servant, but in the end he got what he wanted. Sigh. "Fine, Legolas. It would be more disgraceful for you not to marry her since she is with child." Legolas smiled and rubbed my swelling belly before kissing me, earning a soft mile from his father as well. "Thank you father, you will not regret this!" It had been a hard journey home, with me pregnant we had to hurry and make sure we arrived before the due-date. I got a chance to fight in the war, an orcs sword barely missing any vital organs and my growing baby that I did not know about. It was not until Gandalf had healed me after the battle that I found out. And nine and a half months later, I was graced with a boy. We named him after our fallen comrade, Boromir . Yes, a race of man's name, but Legolas insisted that we honor my heritage. I smiled as we set sail on ship with my 2 month old son and newlywed husband, onto the undying lands where not even me, a half-blood would fade of age.