pretending not to stare at you because they have never really seen an elven warrior, or you will have advisors and courtiers and anyone there falling over themselves trying to win your affections." Aragorn sighed and shook his head with a smile. "I hate the politics of it all." "You were the one who invited us," pointed out Legolas with a grin. Aragorn rolled his eyes. "No, I received word five days ago from a messenger from Cair Andros that you were riding in. The invitation to this city was a general one, Legolas. I didn't actually invite you for this specific visit." Belhadron coughed meaningfully and Aragorn chuckled. "Not that I am not glad you are both here," he said. "It is good to see you again, Estel," said Belhadron, pushing open the door to his room. He glanced over Aragorn, and his gaze, to those who did not know him well, seemed unreadable. A soft smile came across his lips. "You have grown, mellon-nin ." Aragorn chuckled, and Belhadron, with a smile curving his lips, went inside and let the door swing shut. Aragorn turned back to Legolas as they began to walk back down the corridor. "How are you?" he asked. Legolas smiled softly, well aware why Aragorn was asking the question now, now when it was just the two of them. As much as he loved Belhadron, as much as the dark-haired elf was a close friend, he hadn't been there. And Aragorn had. Belhadron knew this as well as Legolas, and knew that there were still some things that Legolas, however much he had told him, was reluctant to talk about. After all, Belhadron could not tell Legolas everything that had happened in Mirkwood whilst Legolas was away, no matter how hard he tried. Some things were impossible to talk about. You simply had to have been there. Legolas shrugged. "I am well enough," he said. "Some days are better than others." "What about when the wind blows from the south?" Legolas' gaze shot sharply to Aragorn, who attempted to look innocent and failed, his gaze instead switching to the infuriating look he got when he was sure he knew something. "Tell me," said Aragorn softly, as they paused outside the door to Legolas' room. "I know it is bothering you, mellon-nin ." Legolas sighed. "I am coping, Aragorn. It is not too bad, not yet." And that was all he felt like saying on the matter. Even speaking of it made the pull grow a little stronger, made the empty feeling a little more apparent. Aragorn looked at him, and Legolas hated this look probably more than the other one he found infuriating. This look was completely unreadable, a blank gaze that Aragorn had spent many years perfecting. Even his brothers, Elladan and Elrohir, could not tell what he was thinking when he looked like this. "Honestly, Estel," said Legolas, and Aragorn's face softened at the use of his old name by his old friend. "I am well. It is good to be back." And it was. The city had some painful reminders, but there were also reminders of better things, of friendship and loyalty. Though the painful reminders of all they had lost, the price they had paid, were still there, and could easily dampen the better ones, they did not make what they had found during the war unimportant. "I have missed having you around, mellon-nin ," said Aragorn. "Gandalf has come and gone, but now he is gone more than often, and I haven't seen anyone else. I am glad you could come." "Believe me, Aragorn, I am glad to have finally come again," said Legolas. And he was, in a way, glad to have gotten out of Eryn Lasgalen. He loved his home, but now, after the Quest, and the War, everything he had seen? The forest just didn't seem big enough anymore. At that moment a page came around the corner, bowing low upon seeing Aragorn and Legolas. "My Lords," he said. "My King, one of the advisors has requested your presence." Aragorn sighed, and turned to Legolas. "And that is as much free time as I get," he said, but his voice was light and he was smiling. "I will see you this evening." Legolas smiled, and clasped Aragorn's arm. They didn't say anything else, and didn't need to. The blond elf pushed the door open, and slipped inside his room. To Be Continued... And that is the first chapter! It will, as usual, take a little while for things to get going, but there is action up ahead... Because I am in the midst of exams, and I know that a lot of others are as well, I'm only going to publish twice a week for now: on a Friday, to give you the weekend to read the chapter, and on a Tuesday, to give you a good few days to read that chapter as well. As for the Chapters in Mirkwood story, I haven't forgotten your awesome prompts! I am in the midst of writing another oneshot, have about four more vaguely planned out (ranging from light and hopefully funny to completely tragic and something that will probably make me cry when I write it). The plan with these is that if I write a bunch of them now, then I can publish them every so often, in the gaps when I have finished publishing this but haven't finished writing my next long story (don't worry, I already know what the next one is going to be). I would like to say, though, that even if I am not publishing, I look at this website literally every day, and get emails about any messages. If you want to pop in at any time and say hi, or chat, or ask what's coming next, then please do. I love hearing from you guys Sorry about the amount of notes :) Next chapter will be up on Tuesday.