asked. Collas nodded. "I do, but I don't purposely cover myself in it." Mellolaes and Nithrestil dried the fawn off together with Collas standing next to them, not watching. Several other warriors had surrounded them in the branches above now. Mellolaes lifted the new-born in her arms, stood, and strode toward the nearest stream of water. She, Nithrestil, and Collas left the body of the doe for the wolves. All gave backward glances of regret. Some of the warriors in the trees followed them, and others went to reinforce the border, and watch for the wargs that would be drawn to the blood. At the stream, Nithrestil took the fawn from Mellolaes and finished cleaning it with the water. Mellolaes stepped away to clean herself. In the end she removed both her outer shirt and skirt. Collas' eyes widened at this. He quickly drew back and turned away yet again. The other warriors in the trees joined him in this, except for the few elleth among them. Nithrestil then handed the fawn back to Mellolaes. The darker elleth also removed her light cloak and put it over her friend's shoulders. The cloak covered Mellolaes' back, and the Fawn covered her front. The under skirt was just barely see-through anyway. The leggings beneath were the same color. The small creature shivered and nestled into Mellolaes' arms, as content as a hungry fawn could be, but she was hungry. Mellolaes let her lick some water from her fingers, but water was not all the babe needed. . . . The three elves approached a thicket of brambles. Curled up within them was a tiny, female fawn three days old. "One of a pair of twins," Nithrestil sighed. "The other was dead before they were born." "Such things did not used to happen in Green Wood the Great." Collas and most of the other warriors were growing bitter with their inability to hold back the evil that was spreading through their Kingdom. Nithrestil reached up and touched his arm in shared sorrow. She used to live in the now darkened southern section of their wood. The elf sighed. Then he turned and held his arms out while keeping his eyes upon the place the older fawn hid. "Give me the babe then." "Why?" Mellolaes asked stepping back. "Do you even know what to do?" Collas was startled into looking at her. He placed his hands on his hips and laughed. "I was finding new born fawns before you were born." "Not for very long before," she answered with a smile. He opened his own grinning mouth to say something back, but Nithrestil reached up and laid a hand on his shoulder. "Just let her do it, she knows what she wants done." Collas gave the briefest of doubtful glances at the hem of Mellolaes skirt, but then shrugged and leapt into the tree above. Mellolaes took a deep breath, held the fawn close, and began to struggle toward the other fawn through the brambles. Cursed skirt! She sang as she approached. The other fawn looked up in curiosity, unafraid. She was small, even for only being three days old, as a twin would be. She was just the same size as the fawn Mellolaes held. Mellolaes set her patient down beside the other fawn, carefully watching their meeting. They sniffed each other. Then the new born cuddled against the slightly older creature who let her. Mellolaes grabbed handfuls of the nearby soil that smelled most of the urine and droppings of this fawn and its mother. This she rubbed them over the orphan, while continuing to sing. Nithrestil went out to find and ready the doe. The songs of both the Green Wood Silvans and those of Doriath are powerful in their effect upon animals. The doe returned to her own fawn in a motherly and loving mood. She first sniffed the new fawn in suspicion, but she only smelled the scent of her own fawn, herself, and the elves she trusted. At the new fawn's hungry cries the doe's instincts kicked in. She let both fawns nurse. Mellolaes, Nithrestil, and Collas sighed in relief. Just in case, Mellolaes perched in a nearby tree to continue to watch. Nithrestil went back to the palace to get her friend a change of clothes. When she returned she took over the watch. Mellolaes changed behind a surrounding veil of helpful vines, trees, and brambles. When she came out, fully dressed, she almost ran into a waiting Collas. His merry, green eyes were unusually solemn. "I'm going to have to inform the King about how you endangered our Kingdom, Mellolaes." The elleth sighed. "I know. I didn't think, at least I was thinking, but only about saving the life before me." "Which is why you are a healer and not a warrior," Collas said softly. Mellolaes looked up into the elf's face with a sly smile. "It seems I've heard of certain warrior's saving one life, against orders, and in a reckless manner." Collas cleared his throat, while trying to stop a grin from spreading over his face. "We are always punished for that." Mellolaes laid a hand on one of the warrior's crossed arms. He looked down into her smiling face. "Warriors are not that different from healers," Mellolaes insisted. A grin spread over the elf's face. He slowly shook his head and chuckled. "No. No, we are not. I will speak and say so to the King. He is more understanding about Silvan recklessness than you would suppose, unless it is one of his family members. Then he is less understanding. Yet, if your recklessness was in saving one of his family, he is more understanding." "You speak from experience?" Collas chuckled and shrugged. "Captain Legolas takes after his mother." Reviews are greatly appreciated and often responded to. They help me know what I did right, so I can do more of it and what I did wrong, so I can fix it. :)