Legolas took her in for the first time, seeing the mud and dried blood coating her, black in the dim light. She still had a garrotte wire dangling from one hand, which she set down by the fire. Her face was darkened with mud and paints to keep her hidden in the thick forests, and she hadn't yet taken it off. Her eyes gleamed from amid the shadow of her face. "Are you going to see my father like this?" Legolas asked with a small smile. Rhavaniel huffed, sitting down in front of the hearth as she began to shed her gear. "He's seen me in worse," she replied. "But I'll clean up a little." She sighed, pushing her hair out of her face. "It's been a long day." "I know," Legolas replied. He watched as Rhavaniel put another log on the fire and stoked it, blowing at the embers until a new flame began to lick at the wood. "We have a plan set out. It was put into motion a few hours ago." Rhavaniel nodded. "A messenger told me. I haven't read it yet. I'll pick up that copy on the table before I go to the King." She studied Legolas. "You look tired." Legolas huffed a laugh, and then stilled as Belhadron stirred. "As I said," he murmured. "It has been a long day. In short, Belhadron shattered another bowl, there was a discussion about that, we put together that plan and did a whole lot more, and then Belhadron and I sparred." Rhavaniel eyed him, and then Belhadron. "There's a lot more to it than that," she said. "He was angry?" "We all were," Legolas replied. "Though he had more reason to be than others, in a way. You know about the patrol he was meant to take with you." Rhavaniel nodded, remembering the details. She studied the two of them. "Are you alright?" she asked. Legolas laughed softly. "Not even close," he said. "But it will pass, as it always does." He sighed, watching the fire in the hearth. "Spit it out," Rhavaniel said, looking up from where she was trying to knock the mud off her boots. Legolas huffed the barest of laughs. "Do you ever wonder…" He trailed off, thinking. "Belhadron said earlier that sometimes he wonders what we, what all of this would be like if we weren't, well, this." He waved a hand at Rhavaniel's steadily growing pile of weapons. "For this not to be the way things are. Do you ever wonder what you would give to have that?" Rhavaniel blinked, looked at him, and then let out a startled laugh. Belhadron jerked awake at the sound, and she quickly turned to him. "Sorry," she said through another laugh. "Go back to sleep." "You're back?" Belhadron asked, voice rough from sleep. He began to sit up, blanket slipping from his shoulders as he blinked at Rhavaniel. "The orcs are dead," she reassured him, pushing him back down. "They're all dead. Go back to sleep." Belhadron blinked again, and then nodded. He lay back down and within moments was asleep again. Rhavaniel reached over and pulled the blanket up around his shoulders, still laughing to herself. "What's so amusing?" asked Legolas, looking down at her with a frown. Rhavaniel laughed again. "You look far too much like your father when you do that," she replied. She began to try to clean the mud and dark dyes off her face. "I find it funny that you ask me whether I ever think of what I would do, for this to not be the way things are. What I would do to make things different." She laughed again, softly this time. "I don't need to think about it. I do it every day." Legolas blinked. "What?" Rhavaniel looked at him with a wry smile curving her lips. "What else do we fight for," she asked. "If not the possibility of that future? What do we do, but fight for the world to be different, to be better? So I know exactly what I would give." Legolas paused, and then huffed a laugh, letting his head fall back against the back of the divan. "You're right, as usual," he murmured. "You should write that down and put it up on the wall." Rhavaniel laughed. "I might do that," she replied. She tucked her hair behind her ears, and then stood. "I must speak with the King," she said. With a soft smile on her face, she pulled the cloak up further around Belhadron's shoulders, smoothing the ripples in the cloak down across his side. Her gaze dropped down, and Legolas followed it to the harp set at the foot of the divan. "You haven't played that in years," she said, a small smile curving her lips. "I forgot it was even here." Legolas shrugged, and leant down to pick it up. His hands ghosted over the strings, the barest of notes rising from the harp, before they dropped to his lap again. "Belhadron pulled it out. But I'd forgotten what it was like to play." Rhavaniel nodded. "Keep playing," she said. "Amongst all this it's good to hear something being created, even if it's only music." That was as close as she would come to admitting that what had happened had shaken her, but Legolas knew even that was a little difficult for her to say beyond the few people she truly trusted with everything, with far more than just her life. He nodded slowly. Rhavaniel turned and headed for the door, leaving the two of them on the divan in front of the hearth. Belhadron slept on as Legolas studied the harp, and then lifted his hands to it once more. Fingers far more used to the string of a bow, to training and fighting, began to dance over the strings. Rhavaniel slipped out of the room with a smile. Behind her, sweet music rose in the dim light of the morning. finis