know." Glorfindel shook his head. "But you have not died, Elrond," he said softly. "You did not die. I did, mellon-nin , and I can remember that as well." He took a deep shuddering breath. "That…demon fled the moment I began to fall, Elrond, and I was… I was terrified." Without any consent the tears began to run down his cheeks, and his voice broke as he spoke. "I could suddenly feel it all, Elrond. I could feel all the…the pain, and I could feel myself burning, my sword falling out of my hand." He choked in a breath. "I could feel the air…the air rushing past me, and it caught the flames, and I burned , Elrond, I burned. It hurt, in ways you can't…." "I fell screaming, Elrond, screaming out as loud as I could for anyone, anything to save me. In that moment, the stories were wrong again. I was so scared." "And then when the darkness finally welled up, when I finally couldn't hold on any longer, I let go." Glorfindel angrily wiped away the tears on his cheeks with the back of his hand. "And…and I was so scared to let go, Elrond. I was just scared." "I was buried, Elrond. I know the story. My grave was built on the mountain pass." Glorfindel looked up. "And that is not even the worst thing, Elrond," he murmured. "The worst thing is that I can remember, I can remember the…demon inside my head, and I know it's there! I can feel it sometimes, and sometimes it's…" "It is so hard to hold back," he murmured. "It's dark inside, Elrond. It's so dark inside. There's nowhere I can hide from it, no matter what I do." Glorfindel looked up and Elrond saw his eyes, that were normally bright blue, and they were dimmed and dark. And as Glorfindel turned his head slightly the flames from the fire caught in his eyes and his eyes burned, like he had done all those years ago. Glorfindel frowned. "What is it, Elrond?" Elrond shook his head. "Your eyes are dark," he murmured. Glorfindel let out a short bitter laugh. "It's where my demons hide, mellon-nin . I can't...I can't let it go, no matter how hard I tried. I can't escape this anymore." He sighed. "And that isn't even the worst part," he murmured. "When I was…when I was on the cliff and fighting, I… liked it. That feeling of power, that nothing could touch me, not even a Balrog? That I could fight against it? In that moment, I liked the demon inside of me. But now…now when I remember it all, all I feel is shame, and anger and guilt, and anything but what I felt on that pinnacle of rock. And I don't know…" Glorfindel gritted his teeth. "I don't know what to do." He tried to take a deep breath, but it hitched in his throat and he stopped, his jaw tight as he struggled to control himself. "How I feel? This…Inside…?" Glorfindel shook his head, the tears rolling down his cheeks as his control lessened. "All this…" "I wish I couldn't feel anything, mellon-nin . I wish I didn't remember a single thing." Glorfindel fell silent, his jaw clenched. A tear tracked down his cheek, glinting in the light of the fire. The skin beneath it was pale. Elrond sighed. "I am sorry, mellon-nin . I am sorry that this happened tonight. But why keep your silence? You should have told me. Ai Valar, I should have guessed, maybe. I should have guessed the rising darkness would…" He trailed off. "You should have told me." "I wanted to hide the truth," said Glorfindel with a weak smile. "I never wanted to bring all of this to you. I am sorry." "You have nothing to be sorry for," said Elrond. "You saved my father, you saved all of them. You didn't let any of them down." "And yet I died, Elrond," said Glorfindel. "I felt my blood run cold, I felt myself try to gulp in air, my body not letting go, but all I could breath in was fire. I can't…" He sighed, running a hand through his hair. "I can't escape them." "Maybe you don't have to." Glorfindel looked up. "What do you mean, Elrond?" he asked softly. "Your…demons, as you call them, saved everyone on that mountain pass that fateful night," said Elrond. "They killed that Balrog. And we try to pretend that we don't carry them, that we don't carry demons with us, but it is a lie. We keep them chained up, we stop them from being free, but we all carry them. It is what we decide to do with them that makes us who we are." Glorfindel sighed deeply. "I suppose," he murmured. He looked up at Elrond. "I will be fine," he murmured with a weak smile. Come morning, I will be alright." "I know," said Elrond, standing up. "But rest, if you can. Do you want something to help you sleep?" Glorfindel shook his head. "Nay," he murmured. He suddenly felt so weary, and slumped on his side on the bed. " Hannon le , Elrond," he said softly. Elrond smiled slightly. "The ones we hail in stories are made into heroes," he said softly. "And all too often, we forget they were simply people too." He turned and left the room, leaving Glorfindel lying on the bed. Glorfindel sighed. Even now, he could feel the heat, the pain. He could see the flash of the whip, and something deep in his mind, hiding away, reared its head at the flash of anger that went through him. But even as that happened Glorfindel forced it back down, pushing the darkness back in his head, until his eyes glazed over and he entered the world of elven dreams. A faint smile was on his face as he slept. Maybe it wasn't so dark inside after all. The End