of a tree. Legolas pulled a few strips of linen from his pack, and began to tightly bind the wound. It wasn't until much later, after clearing up and returning to the stronghold, after reports and six stitches in Belhadron's side, that Legolas wandered into the healing wards, and sat down on the bed opposite Belhadron. "I don't know why I am here," muttered Belhadron with a grimace. "It's only six stitches." "Precisely because you have six stitches in your side, and they want to keep an eye on you for an hour or two," replied Legolas. He shifted, resting his arms on his legs where he sat. "Are you alright?" "As you just said, I have six stitches in my side," said Belhadron wryly. "I could be better. But then, I could be even more tied together with thread, or you could be hurt instead. Overall, I am fine." "So you knocked me down to stop me getting hurt," said Legolas. " Hannon le . But I don't want you risking your life for me, mellon-nin ." He knew, at least on the surface, why Belhadron had knocked him down, and he was grateful, but at the same time he did not want to see his friend hurt because he was more concerned with Legolas' life rather than his own. "I can't see you get hurt," replied Belhadron, and this time his voice was serious. "It's my job to protect you." "No, it is your job to be my second in command," countered Legolas. "Not to get yourself killed trying to make sure that I don't. I hate to tell you this, but there is a likely chance we will both be dead long before the end of this all." "I won't-" Belhadron sighed, and then lowered the volume of his voice. "I won't get myself killed watching out for you," he said. "I know that you think I'm doing this out of some too late revenge for my brother's death, or that I'm not yet thinking straight. I know you are tempted to take me back off active duty again, which would honestly be a mistake. But you are wrong. I want to be busy. Being busy makes it easier to forget." Legolas raised an eyebrow. "I won't pretend to know what is going through your mind," he said. "What has been going through your mind for the past six weeks. I know you have not talked about it much at all since returning to duty three weeks ago. I'm not going to ask. You know I am here. But I still do not want to see you hurt, because somehow you see it as a better option to me being hurt. You are worth more than that." Belhadron growled under his breath. "You don't exactly understand," he said. "I know what I'm worth. I'm your second in command. I'm a warrior. I know how to fight, and that if that is what I can do, then I will do it. But that isn't the point." Belhadron paused, and hung his head. His next words were soft. "I wasn't there for my brother. I failed him. I'm not going to fail you." There was silence. Legolas ran a hand through his hair. "I doubt you ever will," he said softly. "Just…I don't want you getting hurt, mellon-nin ." "I'm not going to be a hero," replied Belhadron, a wry grin coming across his face. "In all the tales, the heroes are always the ones who end up dead. And I don't want to be killed. I just want to try and keep you alive." Legolas laughed. "Given with what is ahead of us, that may end up being rather difficult." Belhadron shook his head. "Given what is behind me, I am sure that I can face whatever is ahead. I've broken a lot of my promises, a lot of the ones that I made to Amdar. But I promised him that I would make him proud, and so far I do not think that I have broken that one promise. So I am going to keep it for as long as I can. I have spent enough time mourning." Legolas nodded. "As long as you do not take too many foolish risks," he said. "Asking for none is impractical, as this is you, but few risks would be appreciated." Belhadron laughed, and then winced as it pulled at his stitches. "I was wrong," he said abruptly. "When I said that time should have stopped. That was a mistake." He chuckled slightly, and there was no hint of bitterness in his voice as he spoke again. "He died, and I will live with that. And nothing will stop everything from continuing on when my brother cannot. But then there is nothing to stop me, as well." Belhadron smiled softly, and the weight that had slowly been lifting from his shoulders, ever since Legolas had first caught him as he had fallen, became just a little bit lighter. He looked up at his friend. "I will continue," he said. "And I will remember. And I think that will be enough." 0-o-0-o-0 Grief is not permanent. Grief is not stationary, because time cannot be stationary. For time to stop goes against its very nature. The living need it to continue, and with that the grief, no matter how painful, cannot become frozen and stop you in your tracks. It may seem that continuing, following the path under your feet, is unfair, when another no longer has such a path at all. But pain does not stop you from moving unless you let it, and you can remember whilst walking forwards at the same time. Maybe that will be enough. 0-o-0-o-0 'The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.' -J.R.R. Tolkien