determination. Elladan and Elrohir looked at each other. In their eyes stood the same disbelieve. This elf … he was creepy. They felt the silence like icy water. "Maybe you could join Elladan and me on the training range this afternoon, Alcanor. I am certain you are more skilled than my idiotic brother is," Elrohir tried to lighten the mood. "Hey!" Elladan yelled, leaning over to hit Elrohir's head. "You are the idiot, not me, Ro! I could squash you if I wanted to!" Thranduil stared at the twins and rose an eyebrow towards their father. Elrond sighed and pointedly looked at his sons. Suddenly, Alcanor's dark, silent laughter cut through the continuing bickering of the twins. "I will join you, even though you will have to wear different outfits if I am supposed to be able to tell the two of you apart. You are worse than Daeros and Arahen!" Thranduil rolled his eyes ever so slightly as if Alcanor's words had been silly. He elegantly sat down. "I would rather you train your aim, Alcanor. And do sit down," Thranduil interfered and the Prince silenced. "I will, Adar. But I am sure I could spare an hour," the prince replied while following his father's order. "As long as you are still able to read the reports I gave you yesterday. I trust we will start with the negotiations tomorrow and you will have to have them read until then." Alcanor nodded and bowed his head slightly. But suddenly his eyes shot up towards Elrond and the healer could see anger burning behind the bright orbs. "Say this again and I will punch you in the face", he threatened darkly. "Alcanor!" Thranduil's voice boomed loudly and his fist connected with the table. "One does not speak thus to a host, Alcanor!" "But he said you were an awful father!" Alcanor challenge angrily. The room grew quiet and every elf stared at the two royals screaming at each other. "He did not say thus, ion-nin. He thought it. And even if he did say it out loud, whether or not I am a good father does not reflect on me being a good king. As Lord of Rivendell that is the only thing he has any right to know about. Therefore, you do not need to threaten him with physical actions," Thranduil spoke more calmly now. My son. "The only way he could have drawn the conclusion you'd be a bad father would be through my behaviour as I am your son and my mistakes are the only hints he could possibly use to judge. As I do not recall having behaved incredibly stupid or being incredibly insulting, his assumption of you being a bad father are completely unfounded. They are false!" "But have you not just proven his point by behaving incredibly stupid because you heard one lie?" Thranduil asked calmly. Alcanor stared at his father and all colour drained from his face. He jumped to his feet only to fall to his knees before his king. "Forgive me, Adar, for I have dishonoured your name." His voice was shaking but loud enough to be heard by everyone. Father . "Get up!" Thranduil demanded and Elrond smiled, for he had never heard the elven king this annoyed. Slowly, the Prince stood and hesitantly took his seat. "I think I should apologize," Elrond spoke up. "Both to you Thranduil, for I have clearly misjudged your parenting skills and your caring and love towards your son, as to you, Alcanor, for my thoughts seem to have brought you into this situation." "Do not apologize, Elrond," Thranduil demanded coldly and shoot an angry glance towards his son. The meals were served and drew everyone's attention away of the little outburst which had just occurred. Elrond was wondering how Alcanor could have been able to hear what he had thought. Judging by how Thranduil had told Alcanor that the words had not been said but thought, Elrond came to the conclusion that Alcanor had not purposely entered his mind but had done it accidently. Apparently without even noticing it. How was that possible? His mind was guarded and yet he had not noticed Alcanor's intrusion. A glance across the table showed him that Glorfindel was deep in thought, obviously concerned by the same subject. But now he focused on Thranduil who was silently eating. "Tell me, my friend, how is your family? I must admit I do not know all of your children's names. I do not know how you survive five of them: I have enough trouble with three!" "I have six children, Lord Elrond, and I am not your friend", the king replied calmly. "Alcanor is the eldest, Eyaenne is my oldest daughter. Then come Daeros and Arahen. They look very much alike each other. Iarith is my other daughter and Falin is my youngest." Elrond listened intently, careful to memorize the names of Thranduil's children. He seemed to love them deeply for a faraway look had stolen itself into his eyes and was now quickly blinked away. Elrond pretended he had not seen anything. "I take it Arwen and Celebrian are in Lorien?" Thranduil asked. "Yes, they are staying there for the summer," Elrond agreed. Silence grew between them and Elrond was glad to see Alcanor chatting easily with Elrohir and Elladan. He looked back to the elf next to him. He met blue eyes and realised Thranduil must have watched him. For one second the king stared back, then he got up and excused himself. Alcanor slowly stood as well. He bowed politely and took his helmet before following his father together with one of the guards who had jumped up as well. This was going to be a difficult time, Elrond sighed and leaned back. How should he gain Thranduil's trust? The coldness and the careful suspicion which surrounded the elven king gave him a headache and an idea, how great the problem ahead would be. Please review!