shut his eyes tight, wanting Aragorn in there so badly. When Aragorn finally pressed his finger slowly into him, there was a painful resistance there that made him wince. "Relax..." Aragorn breathed. Frodo obeyed. Aragorn's finger slid in with ease. It was like a deep tickle filled him, making him want to moan and giggle and gasp all at the same time. "Oh, that's..." "Good?" "Yes." Frodo closed his eyes and adjusted to the sensation. Each time he began to feel like he couldn't bear it, he remembered to relax and immediately the discomfort changed to pleasure. "Oh..." He sucked in his breath and squeezed Aragorn's arm. "More..." Frodo's reaction was having an intoxicating effect on Aragorn. He pressed another finger slowly into him, fighting an internal battle not to take his hand away and fill him with his manhood instead. He could feel Frodo's body struggling with the intrusion, and could tell when he became accustomed to it. The tight ring relaxed before Frodo moaned in pleasure. Steeling his will against the throbbing of his impatient arousal, Aragorn slid his fingers slowly out of Frodo's body, and then back in again. His manhood seemed to grow with each soft sound that escaped Frodo's lips. The hobbit was completely relaxed now, accepting Aragorn's large fingers easily. Rolling off his side, Aragorn spread Frodo's legs and pressed the tip of his well-oiled erection into position. He felt the opening slam shut, barring his entrance. Frodo's expression was unfocused and wild. "Please...Aragorn...I need you in me..." His hands pulled at Aragorn's large body. "Relax..." he reminded him. Immediately Frodo stilled. Slowly, ever so slowly, Aragorn pushed into him. At that first penetration the man could have lost himself, although his control held fast, droplets of sweat forming on his brow. Frodo was panting hard, his abdomen quivering and contracting with need. Aragorn waited, holding still inside him until the involuntary flexing of Frodo's fully-stretched opening subsided. Gently, slowly, he withdrew, watching Frodo's face all the while. Once more Aragorn slid back inside, sheathing himself in Frodo's waiting heat. Frodo sucked in a long breath, his eyes rolling back. Mindlessly Frodo brought his hand to his own erection and Aragorn brushed it away, taking him in hand himself. While stroking Frodo's length, he fought to keep the pace of his hips slow and deliberate. The hobbit's face showed he was riding the crest of something vast and intense. Aragorn felt it happening, his shaft being swallowed up inside Frodo. Frodo felt himself climaxing again. "Aragorn! Oh! Yes!" "Show me, Frodo. Tell me." Aragorn's whisper was throaty and strained as Frodo bathed his hand with his warmth. Suddenly his thrusts quickened. Stifling a guttural moan, he buried his seed deep within Frodo, and collapsed onto him with all his weight. Frodo threaded his fingers through Aragorn's silky hair and pressed his lips tightly to the top of his head. They lay there gasping for breath for what seemed like forever. Suddenly, he felt overcome. He never wanted this night to end, but he knew that he would wake up in the morning and it would be like a dream that had never happened. His eyes filled with tears. "Aragorn," Frodo began, his voice shaky with emotion. "Yes, Frodo?" "Thank you. That was...beautiful." "It was. You are." Frodo couldn't help it. A tear spilled over his cheek. "Aragorn?" Aragorn kissed the skin on Frodo's chest. "Yes?" "I can't explain it, but I have this feeling that pulls at me. It's as though, somehow, I need you. I felt it before, and now...now it's almost unbearable. I feel as though some great threat is growing. Something that will separate us." "Shhh, little one. I'm here and I'm not going anywhere. I would go to my grave before I would leave your side." Frodo wanted to believe him, but the promise did not make his anxiety lessen. Aragorn's words felt empty, even though he knew he meant them with all his heart. "You cannot sleep here," he whispered. "What if you are discovered?" "I shall hold you only until you fall asleep. Then I will return to my post." There was a long pause. "Well, I shant ever fall asleep, then," Frodo whispered, then suddenly felt himself being shaken. He realized it was Aragorn trying to contain his amusement. All of the dread suddenly drained out of him. "Are you laughing at me?" He could not keep the smile out of his voice. "You cannot resist sleep all night, little hobbit. I have seen how soundly you succumb to it." The two of them laughing under their breath, Aragorn rolled them over so that Frodo lay tucked in his arm, his head resting on Aragorn's shoulder. Frodo nuzzled his chest. "I didn't think this was possible," he said. Aragorn sobered. "I know." With a gasp, he remembered the others sleeping nearby, and marveled that they didn't wake any of them with their lovemaking. The mortifying thought occurred to him that they actually might have. He blushed, but the possibility of facing horrified stares in the morning didn't seem to bother him very much right now. Safe in Aragorn's arms for the moment, he thought of the rest of his journey to come. Somehow the peril awaiting him seemed less frightening. He knew that Aragorn would always be with him, even if they were parted. He squeezed him tight and pressed a kiss to his skin. His lover. His King. In that moment, Galadriel's enigmatic words came back to him from his dream. He had almost forgotten about them. You are the same, carrying the same burden towards the same end. Suddenly the riddle was solved. He now realized why it was so vital that he carry on. Aragorn would be king. He could feel it, even though the ranger fought it. Frodo realized: the weight he was carrying now would be with Aragorn for all his life. It was the weight of the whole of Middle Earth.