her on for the last time. The two elves that had come with him rode to either side, their horses lathered with sweat and foaming at the mouths. They had ridden hard and fast, as fast as they could go. Belhadron could feel the blood seeping through the bandages beneath his arm, and he shifted Legolas, trying to put better pressure against the wound. Finally the gates of the stronghold came into view, and he pulled his horse up to a stop in the green. There were elves readying to head to the frontline in and around the stronghold, gathering weapons and forming companies, and they turned the place into a hive of activity for battle. As soon as they heard the hoof beats they had been on guard, but when Belhadron rode hard into the courtyard and checked his mare, he could hear muted shouts of surprise from some of them. For a moment they were frozen, seeing their Prince slumped in front of him, seeing the dark stains on Belhadron that could only be blood, and then they rushed forwards. "Send for the healers!" someone cried out. "Get a stretcher out here, now!" Elves surrounded Belhadron's mare, arms reaching up to steady Legolas as Belhadron let him slip from his horse's back. Legolas was barely off the horse when Belhadron flung himself off and fell to his knees beside Legolas as they laid him down on the grass. "Legolas," he said, gently rubbing at Legolas' chest. "Legolas, can you hear me?" The two elves that had accompanied him pushed through the growing crowds, and took up positions on either side. "Everyone get back!" one called out, hand coming to rest on the hilt of his sword. "Give the Prince some space." "Anyone who is not immediately useful needs to leave," the other added. "Get out of here and back to what you were doing." Many elves hesitated, but sharp glares from the two elves flanking Legolas and Belhadron made them back away, and the crowd slowly dwindled. "The healers have been sent for," one elf said, staying just outside the reach of the elves flanking Belhadron. "We're getting a stretcher now." Belhadron nodded, but his attention was focused on Legolas. "Easy," he murmured as Legolas' eyelids flickered, his brow scrunching in pain. "Easy now. Don't move, or it'll hurt more. Just open your eyes." Legolas' eyes flickered open, and Belhadron managed to put a smile on his face. "Keep looking at me," he said. "Keep your eyes open." Legolas nodded, and then tensed as the movement sent tendrils of pain racing out from his side. Belhadron checked the bandages on his side, and a frown marred his face as he saw the slowly growing crimson stain soaking through the white cloth. "Eyes on me," he said to Legolas again. "Keep your eyes open. Stay awake, Legolas, just hang on for a little longer." Legolas nodded again, despite the wince of pain that the movement caused. "Others…" he rasped out. "What…happened?" "Reinforcements arrived at the frontline," Belhadron said, a weak smile on his face at the thought of Legolas being worried over the elves under his command when he was bleeding out on the grass. "They're holding it steady. The orcs will be repelled by the end of tomorrow, I'll bet." "By end of today," Legolas rasped. "I'll take…that bet." The last words were nearly indistinguishable, said through gritted teeth as Legolas choked on the pain, his body spasming. Belhadron grasped his hand and let him cling onto it, crushing his fingers as he tried to force his broken body to stay still. "Keep your eyes open, Legolas," Belhadron said, panic starting to seep into his voice despite the best of his ability and his training. "Legolas? Look at me. Hang on for just a few more minutes. Please, just keep your eyes open for me." Legolas nodded weakly, but a few more moments and his eyes flickered shut, the tension draining from his body as he lost consciousness again. Belhadron cursed, resisting the urge to shake him until he woke up. It would only do more harm. There was a flurry of activity out of the corner of his eye, and then elves sprinted up with a stretcher. "The healers are coming, captain," one of them said. "They'll be here any minute now." "Tell them to move faster!" Belhadron snapped. "You three, help me get him on the stretcher." Belhadron gently rolled Legolas onto one side, careful of his wound, and the elves slid the stretcher underneath him. Legolas didn't even move, didn't cry out, and Belhadron supposed that at least he wasn't feeling any pain from being moved. One elf took off their cloak and draped it over him. The healers finally appeared, running out of the gates and over the bridge to them. "Get him inside," one of them called out. "Get the stretcher to the healing wards." Belhadron got to his feet as four elves stepped forwards and picked up the stretcher. "You two," he said to the elves who had accompanied him back from the frontline, even as he turned to run towards the gates after the stretcher. "Go with the healers. Fill them in on what the medic told you, and then I want you standing on guard at the doors. Don't leave until I come." "Where are going, Captain?" one of them asked. Belhadron squared his shoulders. "I'm going to get the King." So that was a mess of tropes and cliches, but I hope you enjoyed it! Thranduil is in the next chapter, as the last line suggests, though Belhadron is a bit more of the focus of this story- I've done quite a bit of Thranduil worrying over Legolas, and Belhadron was being a lot more cooperative and easier to write. The next chapter will go up in a few days- Thursday, maybe? Exams start up on Monday, so we'll see how it goes. As always, reviews are very welcome.