he sped up his pace which made Elladan cry out none too quietly – they would definitely hear that downstairs. Everything about the act of making love to Elladan was perfect. The way it felt, the sounds he made, the scent of their sweat in the air… The list could go ever on. But the best part was the warm feeling of familiarity. He knew every touch, every sensitive spot and just how to push Elladan over the edge. He restrained himself, though, wanting to drag it out as long as possible. Either way, it was pure bliss. They were like two halves of the same being coming together at least. Darkness and light, Ying and yang… Everything about it was balanced. It was perfect symmetry. When the climax came, it was absolutely overwhelming. Everything seemed to explode in color and light as Elladan and Elrohir cried out in unison. Half-drunk, exhausted and wonderfully sated, Elrohir withdrew from Elladan and let his arms give way beneath him. He lay on top of Elladan, breathing heavily and enjoying the almost floral scent of his hair that brushed against his face. Elladan rolled over listlessly which forced Elrohir to limply fall to the bed beside him. Elladan snuggled up to his back and threw his arms around his waist with no small amount of effort. Almost instantly both twins drifted in a deep sleep, still tangled up in each other's limbs. Meanwhile, Legolas had gotten lucky. He didn't even need to put his emergency plan into motion. Gimli had passed out drunk, and naked, on the bed before getting anywhere. The elven prince silently thanked the Valar. He was fond of Gimli, possibly even fond enough to do what the poor dwarf would inevitably think they'd done. But he just wasn't ready for that just yet. Either way, it wasn't too bad of a starting point for their relationship and it made a few things a whole lot less awkward. "My father must never know about this." Legolas whispered as he pulled on his cloak and tossed Gimli his tunic from the floor. The morning sunlight lanced through the small window. They would have to hurry to make it to the wedding on time. Legolas felt terrible for lying to Gimli about the act of intimacy that, in fact, did not occur. He would tell him the truth someday, though. …Someday preferably after Aragorn had passed and the twins forgot about it. "Not on my life. I like my head attached to my shoulders." The dwarf answered haughtily. Legolas answered by placing a chaste kiss on his lips. He had to admit, he rather liked the ticklish feeling of Gimli's beard against his cheek. "It will be our little secret, then." The elf answered, giving him a loving glance as he pulled his tunic on roughly over his head. "We should hurry." "Yes, let's." Gimli replied. "We will have to let Aragorn know your end of the bet has been upheld." The elf rolled his eyes, hoping Aragorn wouldn't remember it at all. Aragorn awoke with a faint groan, and frowned. Why was we he in a room in the tavern? And who was that standing over him with a fatherly glare of disapproval? Oh no. No. No. No. Aragorn thought miserably as he looked up at Elrond who wore his characteristic 'you are in so much trouble!' scowl. "Estel, you are quite lucky Legolas was kind enough to tell me where to find you. Though really… Passing out drunk on the night before your wedding. I expected better. At any rate, you need to go before you are late as well." The Lord of Imladris told him in an exasperated tone. "I… What happened? I cannot remember." Aragorn asked, sitting up. Luckily, he didn't seem hung-over. "You drank too much and passed out, according to Legolas and the twins." Elrond said, somewhat disgustedly. "I will speak with you later, after the wedding." He added and swept from the room, maintaining a calm exterior while he was positively fuming on the inside. Upon entering the bar room, Aragorn saw the twins seated at the bar. Elladan seemed composed as he slowly sipped a cup of tea. His posture was rather stiff, though. Elrohir on the other hand was leaned over with his head firmly planted on the wooden counter top of the bar. Aragorn could have a good guess why. He couldn't remember anything after losing the first round of drinking to Legolas, but he did remember the stakes. "Thank you, for lying to Ada. " He said, taking a seat in the vacant chair beside Elrohir who looked up at him wearily. "We did not lie. You really did just pass out." Elladan explained, sitting his tea cup on the counter. "After you kicked all our asses in that little archery contest." Elrohir muttered venomously. "Are you…serious? I won?" Aragorn asked. "Who lost?" "Legolas." The twins answered in unison. "You had best watch your hide, you ordered the son of Thranduil to bed a dwarf ." Elrohir said, picking his head up and smiling for the first time that morning. Aragorn's face went pale as he hurriedly bid farewell to the twins and bolted out of the tavern. He was good as dead. If Elrond didn't kill him, Thranduil would. "We should go, too." Elladan said, glancing at his brother. "I am…glad I can remember last night a little bit. Also, I would like to try it again sometime. Sober." There was a long and very awkward pause. "No one can know about this." Elrohir replied at last. "But I have wanted you in this way for a long time. Honestly, I am pretty upset that I can recall none of it." Elladan laughed and ruffled his brother's hair. "It will just have to be our little secret." He said seductively and kissed Elrohir's cheek when no one was looking. Little did they know that it was anything but a secret…