getting each other soaking wet, meleth-nin ." Aragorn grinned. "Well then" he said. "Back to battle!" Arwen sighed, absent-mindedly rubbing her huge belly as she leant back and watched them fight. Eowyn sat beside her. "How is the little one?" "Restless" said Arwen. "And I find myself getting up almost every night and sneaking off to the kitchens for snacks." Eowyn laughed. "I was the same with Elboron." A snowball flew past her head and thumped the door. She turned around and watched as the snow slid off the wood. "I think that deserves revenge, don't you?" Arwen smiled sweetly. "They won't dare throw snowballs at me, not even my brothers. It was Elladan who threw it, by the way." "Really?" asked Eowyn sceptically. Elvish aim was not that bad. "Well, no" admitted Arwen. "But I want to see my brothers beaten. And it would be wrong to side against my husband." Eowyn smiled and scooped up some of the snow at her feet. "A snowball, my Lady?" she asked, offering one to Arwen. Arwen took it. "Thank you" she replied. They turned and watched the fight until one of the twins, Eowyn couldn't tell which, stumbled within range. With a grin at each other, the two ladies aimed and threw their snowballs. Elrohir blinked as two snowballs hit him in the chest. Who had thrown those? Legolas and Elladan were currently stalking Faramir and Beregond, and Aragon was stalking them. His eyes narrowed and he spun around to glare accusingly at the two women seated on the top of the steps. Arwen waved merrily at him, and that was all the proof he needed. "Sister!" he cried out. "That is not fair. You know I can't hit you!" "Exactly" said Arwen, rolling another snowball. Beside her, Eowyn was doing the same. Legolas arrived panting at Elrohir's side. "What are they doing?" he asked, shaking snow from his blond hair. "Throwing snowballs" replied Elrohir. "Because we can't hit them back." "Ah" said Legolas. He looked behind him. "Elrohir, duck!" He grabbed hold of Elrohir and pushed him down into the snow as a massive ball of snow sailed over their heads and exploded just in front of them. The battle reached its final climatic stages. Arwen and Eowyn continued to pelt the twins with snowballs as Elladan and Elrohir tackled Beregond to the ground. Faramir came to rescue him, but ended up in a heap on top of the two elves. Finally, Legolas and Aragorn tried to tackle each other at the same time and ended up colliding with Elladan and Elrohir, who had just started to get up. The six of them lay in a pile of tangled limbs, covered in snow. Legolas began to laugh as he rolled off of the pile, pulling Aragorn with him. Next came Faramir and Beregond, and the four of them stood up, laughing merrily as they brushed the snow off of themselves. Elladan groaned as he detangled himself from Elrohir and staggered to his feet. He shook his head, spraying white powder everywhere. "Why…?" he groaned. Elrohir shook out his shirt. "Why what, dear brother?" "Why do we come up with these stupid ideas, time and time again?" asked Elladan, now trying unsuccessfully to empty the snow from his boots. "They always end up with us wet or muddy or tired." "Or injured" supplied Legolas helpfully, who was trying to untangle his long hair. "Don't forget injured." Aragorn laughed, squelching through the snow to stand beside Legolas. "I never let them forget, mellon-nin " he said. He glanced up to where Arwen and Eowyn were coming down the steps. Aragorn rushed to join them. "Arwen, be careful!" he cried out as Arwen reached the bottom of the steps. Arwen smiled. "I am fine, meleth " she said softly, but she took Aragorn's hand anyway. Faramir made his way to Eowyn and grinned sheepishly. Eowyn raised one eyebrow. "You are soaked, my love." Faramir looked down. "Ah. Yes. But it technically isn't my fault." "It's not ours!" said Elladan, Elrohir and Legolas in unison as they saw Arwen and Eowyn's gaze fall on them. Aragorn snorted. "You were the ones to drag me out of bed so that we could have a snowball fight" he said. He shivered, suddenly noticing how cold he was. Arwen noticed as well. "There is a fire in our chambers, and hot spiced wine for any who want to get warm and dry" she said. "Elladan, Elrohir, you are getting out of those wet clothes before you ruin my carpets." Legolas grinned in triumph. "Not me, dear Arwen?" "You are not my brother" said Arwen, "so I can't order you about." Legolas smirked. "However" said Arwen, raising one eyebrow. "I can still coerce you. Go and get changed, or I will let slip to Faramir and Beregond about the time you went out hunting with my brothers, and something…unfortunate happened involving a cliff." Aragorn stifled a laugh as Legolas, Elladan and Elrohir sprinted for the doors. "What was the story?" he asked. "I haven't heard that one." "Another time, perhaps" said Arwen, smiling softly. "Faramir, Beregond, you are very welcome to join us." "Faramir will not refuse" said Eowyn, tugging on his soaking wet sleeve. "He needs to get dry." Aragorn chuckled at Faramir's stifled groan. "Not for me, my Lady" said Beregond, bowing low. "Though this has been excellent fun, I now have things I must see to." He bowed again, before turning and leaving. Aragorn took Arwen's hand, and they walked up into the citadel with Faramir and Eowyn. "So, meleth-nin " said Aragorn. "This was your idea?" Arwen laughed, and kissed him softly. "You work yourself too hard, and my brothers and Legolas were only too willing to help. After all, every King needs a day off." Aragorn smiled at her, and they made their way to their chambers, where a roaring fire was waiting. The End Elvish translations: Mellon-nin- my friend Meleth-nin- my love