he asked the man next to him, shouting to be heard over the cries of the others around them. "He says it every year on the solstice," the man replied, his voice warm with ale and everything else around them. "As did the King before. It's an old saying of ours, asking on the longest night of the year for luck and good fortunes, for the year to come." "Not protection or courage?" he asked, and the man laughed, throwing his head back. "We are the Eorlingas!" he exclaimed. "We can protect ourselves. We have all the courage that we need. But a little luck never goes amiss, as I'm sure you know, Thorongil." "Aye, I know," he said with a grin, taking another mouthful of ale. Thengel finished talking and his horse pranced once more as the cheers came from the crowds. Someone started to sing once more and then a young stallion, prancing nervously, came forwards towards the fires. The rider laughed and then pushed him forwards, sending him at a gallop towards the flames. There was a moment where it looked as if the horse would refuse, at the last minute, but then found his courage, or the rider's courage, and leapt, scrambling over the flames. The rider laughed again and pulled the horse up with a shout of joy, rubbing one hand down his stallion's neck. Another rider followed him, on their mare, and though she stumbled upon landing her rider pulled her head up and she rode clear, to yet more shouts and cheers. He laughed with the rest of the men, standing around the fires and cheering for the horses, for the faith and trust between the animals and their riders. Some didn't make it, their horses not quite finding the courage, but it was no matter. They could try again next year. It was past midnight when all of the horses had jumped, or had tried, and the celebrations turned to drinking and eating. Some men had taken up instruments once more and were beginning to sing, their deep voices carrying over the fires and under the night sky. Thengel was seated back at the high table, had cast aside his helm and armour for a thick fur cloak, and was trying to balance a sleeping Theoden whilst speaking with one of his captains sitting next to him. He wandered away from the mass of people, off to the edge of the celebrations. The light from the fires could only reach so far, and beyond a point it was merely darkness across the plains, the ink that had settled across Rohan here, on the longest night of the year. He had had rather a lot of ale, after all, and some wine as well, so if he couldn't quite remember how he ended up sitting on the snowy ground, leant back against a log that had been a seat earlier in the night, then it didn't really matter. Somehow he'd found his coat again, and he wrapped it more securely around his shoulders. There was some warmth from the fires, a little ways away, but it was still cold. He wasn't shivering, though, the ale keeping him warm enough. He tilted his head back, let it fall against the log behind him, and watched the stars. The names sprang unbidden to his mind, the constellations the Elves had named and the ones he had learnt from others over his long travels. The celebrations were slowly dying down behind him, people either falling asleep or heading back to their homes to pass out there. He knew that many people, possibly himself included, would sleep out here close enough to the fires for their warmth. The longest night of the year. There was no difference to this night than any others, not noticeably. The stars remained the same, the Sun still set beforehand and rose come dawn. But at the same time he had never been in a place where they celebrated the night with such strength, had never seen them fend off the darkness with such vigour. Part of him, the part that had seen a lot of things with Gandalf and the Dunedain, wondered whether there was much point to such celebrations. After all, the lights of the fires could not reach too far into the darkness out in front of him. It was not banished. And yet he found a large part of him, perhaps more relaxed than usual by drink and good food and songs, thinking that it didn't matter how far the fires could reach. The people behind him, for once, were not thinking of what darkness might be to come. He was not thinking of it, which was even rarer. He laughed softly to himself, head tilted back to watch the sky above him. Perhaps for some, the stars could be bright enough. But he could not deny that the warmth and the orange light of the fires now behind him were reassuring, and that there was something within such a celebration, something that gave hope. Words came unsought for to his lips, words for half forgotten songs that he had learnt as a child, and he murmured them softly to the stars. Behind him the fires were crackling as they died down, a log falling in a shower of sparks that rose up on twisting smoke into the night sky. In the morning Aragorn woke up in front of one of the fires, now little more than ash, with a light dusting of snow over his coat and a pounding headache. One of the men grabbed his hand and pulled him up. As they stumbled inside Aragorn glanced back and saw the hoofprints cut into the soil, the ash and charred wood, some of it still burning, and he found himself smiling at the sight. finis Again, happy holidays. My absolute best wishes for 2016. You guys seriously give me life sometimes, and you are all wonderful people.