to relearn how to walk. I felt the parts on my back that I couldn't identify stretch seemingly of their own accord, then fold comfortably against my sides—a much more comfortable position than they had been in when I was on my back. Twisting my head around faster and further back than I should have been able to do without breaking my neck, I looked at my unknown appendages. They were wings. Wide, thin, leathery, bat-like wings that felt far stronger than they appeared. The rest of my body was covered in grey scales like my snout—my snout! —and was reptilian in build; it looked like the combined features of an alligator, crocodile, lizard, and snake, along with a bit of stone thrown in. A long tail stretched behind me. I screamed in horror, yet my throat emitted only a small squeak. What is this?! What kind of fracked up dream is this?! What drugs did I take to hallucinate this?! WHAT IS GOING ON?! Out of my peripheral vision—which was much wider, now that I noticed—I saw an unusually large quantity of fresh sap collected at the bottom of a tree; it was mirroring the scene around it almost like glass. Driven by a wild desire to see myself from a source that didn't lie, I went to run to the sap, but I again fell on my stomach before I could even get my limbs to move forward. It was as if my arms no longer worked. I quickly abandoned my efforts to use my arms, and used my legs to push myself toward the tree. My body slid along the ground with frightening ease, and I wormed my way forward. In my present state of mind, I didn't see how the grass was as tall as I was while I was lying down, didn't find it noteworthy that a pine cone seemed to be two feet tall, or that pebbles were like large rocks a meter in diameter. I only focused on getting to the sap. I reached the sap and looked into its sticky, surprisingly reflective surface—hoping, praying , that this screwed up acid trip would allow me to see my own face, if only to know it would only get stranger from here. I didn't see it. My face was, like the rest of my body, stony and reptilian. My eyes—my emerald green , not brown eyes—were almost perfectly round, and my pupils were vertical and shaped similar to some snakes; bony eye ridges had replaced my eyebrows. My nostrils were long and narrow. My once pink skin was replaced by scales like the rest of my body, and they were linked together like armor. Komodo dragon-like lips covered up teeth I found to be shaped like daggers and as sharp as razors. The knobby beginnings of seven horns were on my head: Four large ones at the back; a smaller one above and slightly behind each eye ridge; and a final one between my eyes where my forehead should have been. I went numb, totally and completely numb. My panic left, yet I did not feel any more calm. My body relaxed, yet my mind was racing. And finally, my hopes that I was somehow on an acid trip were dashed, but I wanted nothing more than to find out I managed to do drugs when I had never done so before. None of this made sense, none of it was logical. I was in a dragon's body—a dragon's! When did this happen? Why did it happen? How did it happen?! This was impossible, it had to be. Nothing in science could change the DNA of a living creature to the point it turned into something completely different—especially a human's DNA. And yet, despite how I hoped I was hallucinating, this didn't seem like a trick of the mind. It was too detailed, had too much feeling, too much odor. I smelled every scent, saw the smallest of details, and heard everything; I had since I wasn't even fully awake. And most importantly, my mind was disoriented far more than it ever had been before. I could feel every part of my body, but I had no idea how to use even the parts I was familiar with. Everything else, I didn't even have an inkling of an idea of how to use, any comprehension of how they worked. … This was real, wasn't it? My mind went blank instinctively, and I sniffed the air. The strange scent—the ancient, powerful, and wise smell—was stronger than before, and rapidly gaining even more strength. The stench of horse was growing stronger with the unknown scent. The wheels of a cart creaked. The hooves of the horse who pulled the wagon clopped against the dirt, its reins ringing. Above the sound of the cart and the horse, the surprisingly clear and fair voice of an elderly Fast-Breeder carried far ahead. He was singing of a road that went on and on. Someone was coming. Alright, so there is the rewritten prologue. I know that I had more language in it than I normally write, but let's all be honest: how would YOU react to being in a dragon's body? I went with a realistic reaction to such an event, at least I think it is realistic. Don't expect a lot of updates on this, as I have a lot of other writing engagements and I am going to be very particular about how I write this story. I want to do it right, and it is very difficult to do that when you are working with such high-quality material as a starting point. Also not sure if I will pick songs as credit songs for each chapter like I do with Fate Calls. I am considering it, but I won't do it if I can't find a song. Anyway, thanks for reading and I hope this is a vast improvement over the last version. See you soon.