grinning at his best friend in relief, "Thank you ever so much. And I assume you look perfect, as always?" The Firstborn sniffed lightly. "About time you admitted it," Legolas shot back good-naturedly, secretly amazed at how easy it was to fall back into familiar banter. Aragorn turned serious, reverting to Sindarin, 'Trust me, 'tis a relief to see you alive.' He looked away, falling silent momentarily as his throat tightened. Finally he managed, 'Valar, if you had died of…of this…' The Dúnadan gestured helplessly and, squeezing his eyes shut, pressed his lips together and shook his head, unable to finish his sentence. Legolas looked down at the ground and whispered, 'I am sorry, mellon-nin.' The Ranger gave a small start, turning to the prince. 'Legolas?' he queried. 'I let myself be consumed by grief,' the Silvan Elf explained softly, his midnight eyes fixed on the ground. Aragorn leaned close and tipped the prince's head up with his free hand, smiling into the weary midnight orbs gazing back at him—not a particularly happy smile, but a smile nonetheless. 'I could hardly expect you not to, for I know I would be the same had you been the one to fall. We both knew the risks we were taking when we became friends, you more so than I at first, but still we knew. What kills me,' the Man murmured, moving his hand to the side of Legolas's face and resting his forehead against the Elf's, 'is that I was the one who caused you such pain, such--' 'Estel. 'Tis a very difficult thing for an Elf to accept when one so dear dies. When you die, I, too, shall go, be it over the sea or to the Halls of Mandos. My heart will be unable to withstand forcible separation from you,' Legolas advised lowly. 'Do not blame yourself for that. As you said, we knew the risks and we accepted them. It does not help the grief, but then, not much does.' 'But to die of that grief, grief I caused--!' the Ranger objected. Now it was his turn to drop his eyes as—unbidden—an image of a grief-stricken Legolas came to mind. 'I'm so sorry,' choked. 'Estel,' the Firstborn cut in sternly. 'Shh. 'Tis all right. 'Twas not your fault. 'Tis all right,' Legolas continued to soothe, wrapping his hands around the back of the Ranger's head, keeping it pressed gently against his own. Aragorn shook his head slightly. 'Do not say that! 'Tis not all right.' Releasing the Silvan Elf's hand, he took Legolas's face in his own two. The prince wrapped his slim ones around both the Ranger's wrists, but kept his head against Aragorn's. The Dúnadan continued quietly, 'Think you that I spent over half my life among Elves without knowing what grief does to you?' The Firstborn tried to look away, but the Man would have none of it. 'Think you that I did not know how Gandalf's death and Boromir's death affected you? I saw your heart breaking, mellon-nin.' 'That was different,' Legolas's voice was but a whisper. 'Gandalf is alive, but then, he is an Istari. And Boromir,' the prince smothered an errant sob, closing his eyes, 'Boromir was my friend, but I loved him naught like I love you, not like the brother you are to me.' Gently, Aragorn brushed his thumbs over the Silvan Elf's eyelids, wiping away the tears. 'Aye, and to believe me dead so soon after Boromir, one you allowed to become so much a part of you and whom allowed you to become so much a part of them…' The Man's voice finally broke. 'You nearly died yourself! I am mortal , Legolas!' 'I know that, Estel. You think I do not? Whenever you are hurt, whenever you are ill, that is a very constant reminder. I know what it means to pledge friendship to a mortal, I know what it means to be willing to die for one! Think you I would name you Thriondil if I did not? I bound myself to you long ago, at the very instant I pulled you out of that lake near Imladris when you were seven! If I had to do it again, I would. You know this, Estel! If die I must to ensure you life, then die I will. And I would not regret for a moment. I say I love you like a brother, but the truth is, you are my brother, the only one I have ever known. And brothers' hearts are ever bound as one.' In saying so, Legolas gently pulled away and dug into a deerskin pouch on his belt, drawing out a single half of pendant on a leather string and holding it up at the Ranger's eye level. On it was the symbol for eternal friendship, and just behind it, Aragorn caught a glimpse of a scar, old and faded, on the archer's palm. Testament to one of the gifts Legolas had given him during Yuletide when he was thirty. The Dúnadan choked, and closed his large hand tenderly around the Silvan Elf's smaller, slim one, using that to pull Legolas tightly against his chest. As another tear rolled down his cheek, he buried his face in the prince's golden hair and growled thickly, 'You are, without a doubt, the most stubborn, wonderful creature in the universe.' Legolas gave a laugh, albeit a wet, muffled one. 'Are you sure? Do you not listen to your own words?' 'Elf, I am warning you…' the Ranger threatened playfully, heedless of his thick voice and dripping tears. The Firstborn merely laughed again, settling comfortably against the Dúnadan's chest. And Aragorn mused to himself that, yes, tens of thousands of Orcs and Uruk-Hai were only hours away from assaulting Helm's Deep, but in this moment, all was right with his world. I Veth (The End)! Elvish Translations: Thriondil (Elf-brother) Estel (Hope; Aragorn's given Elven name) Quel mellon-nin (My good/dear friend) Mellon-nin (My friend) Imladris (Rivendell)