be painful enough. "Remember to breathe, and listen to my voice. Think of your mother, of your brother, of your sister. Think of Imladris, and of the stars and the sunrise over the ridge…" Elrohir struggled to sit up, but before he could manage Scar was there, was kneeling down and pushing the injured Elf to the ground. Elrohir watched with wide eyes as the knife blade was lowered tantalizingly slowly to his face, and then it was being pressed against his cheek. The sizzle of flesh cooking accompanied the scent of burnt meat, and all those who were in the room gagged slightly. A guttural screech of pain tore through the air, but it did not come from Elrohir. Elrond glanced up to see Elladan twisting in his chains, swinging back and forth, and his mouth was wide open as he cried for his brother. And there was both anger and pain in his voice and in his eyes, and a wild, desperate gleam that was not unlike that of a cornered wolf. Elrohir scrabbled weakly against Scar's wrist, but his nail-less fingers were unable to gain purchase. A whimper of pain escaped him, and then it quickly morphed into a high pitched squeal as he thrashed more and more frantically beneath the searing metal. He even gripped the knife with the tips of his fingers and tried to pull it away, but he had no leverage, and he only managed to gouge open his fingertips. It felt to Elrond as if his soul was being systematically shredded into tatters. It hurt him, physically pained him, to watch as his sons were tortured, and there was nothing that he could do. No…no that was not true. There was something he could do that would possibly alleviate their pain, but he dared not do so. If he gave them what they asked for, he would ultimately damn thousands, and much of the beauty of the world would fade or be laid to waste. There would be death, and the winds themselves would turn on each other as they were commanded to do that which they were not meant to. That much he knew, and there were consequences beyond those which he could perceive. No, he could not give them what they asked for. And it tore his heart, and his soul, apart. Tore it until he screamed in terrible rage and agony, and the scream was one that he had not uttered since the final battle upon the slopes of Orodruin. It was the scream that he had first uttered upon the shores of the sea when he had tried to slay Maedhros for spilling his brother's blood, for his attempt to take his mother's. He screamed, and all those who heard it were afraid. Scar dropped the knife and it clattered to the floor harmlessly as he lunged backwards, away from the wrathful Elf lord. He tried once to look at him, but he quailed as his eyes met burning silver and he quickly looked away, unable to bear the weight or the power held within. "Shut him up!" Scar shrieked, clapping his hands over his ears as he turned away. "Shut that damn thing up!" But none of the men seemed to want to come close, and they shied away, keeping to the door and to the walls. "Shut up!" Scar howled. "Shuddupshuddup!" He whirled, a frantic look plastered across his face, and he reached out blindly for something, anything that he could use. His fingers curled around the butt of a bullwhip. The sound of bone cracking – cracking, snapping, giving beneath iron cuffs – filled the sudden, deafening silence that fell as the whip was raised. Scar had no time to react as he lashed out, bringing the braided leather tines snapping toward Elladan, who hung unprotected and defenseless. The snap of leather across flesh. Then the thud of a body hitting the floor. Elladan's startled cry. Elrohir's breathless gasp, and then his angered howl. The whip falling to the floor from numb hands. "I warned you not to harm my sons again." The voice was low and deadly, and filled with the ancient power of a thousand years, and of Men and Elves and spirits beyond mortal comprehension. "I said that I would kill you if you did." Scar lifted his arms to block the first blow, and he felt bone crack. He ducked, and then in a last act of desperation threw himself at the Elf, the wild gleam of an animal gone rabid in his eyes. Pain in his chest as he felt his ribs shatter. Then the strangest sense of tearing as he landed on his back. He was gasping, trying to breathe, only he couldn't – the pain was too great. He looked up in shock and surprise and confusion, and there above him he saw the Elf he had thought to cow. The Elf knelt, and there was something in his hand, something that dripped a river of blood. "You hurt my sons," he said coldly, calmly. The last thing Scar saw before the eternal void took him was the Elf, the left side of his face a mask of scarlet from the blood that ran from the lash mark on his cheek. His eyes were cold and hard as tempered steel, and filled with impassivity as he watched Scar die that could only mark one who had seen an eternity of death and despair, and who cared not for his hand in the dealing of either. Elrond dropped the dying heart onto the corpse and then turned. Everyone in the room was utterly still, and as his eyes swept over the thin ranks of men standing in the doorway, an air of palpable fear rolled through the stifling chamber. "I am taking my sons, and I am leaving," Elrond stated calmly. "If you stand in my way or attempt to stop me, I will kill you." The humans fled.