so young, yet so aged by worry and fear… Gently, he took the creature into his arms. The hobbit's last trivial question had been confirmed… Boromir was, in fact, standing right here, in the flesh, in front of him… and it was not merely an apparition, an illusion, a foul trick by a dark sorcerer, or some dream that had entered his mind… "I'm sorry," the captain admitted, "You see, you have always seen what the ring is capable of doing to people. I did not. For that reason you must destroy it. So that others may not be so tempted as I was, because it was that temptation that was my downfall… Go back and fulfill this quest, for truly you are the only one who is able to do it." As the man pulled away, Frodo swiftly cast a hand across his eyes, then looked up, blinking through the blurry haze of his vision. "So… so then I must go." He said hoarsely, having now decided that one of two things was next to happen: Either he was going to somehow try and regain consciousness in the living world, and fail, thus rendering him stranded in this strange afterlife forever, or he was to succeed and wake up in some place, whether it be a dungeon in the Dark Tower, the very tunnel where he fell, the belly of the spider, or perhaps even his bed, to find that this, and everything else preceding it was but a dream… Still, the halfling forced a smile, "And what am I to tell the others of you, should I chance to see them again?" Once again, Boromir laughed, "Give them no news… being mortals they will see me soon enough." The captain mused, "…too soon." He added grimly. "And that means…" the hobbit started, looking over his shoulder down the glimmering hall, then closing his eyes and stretching, letting out a relived sigh, and putting on a mask of false happiness, "…that once I depart… will I ever see you again? Or is this truly the final farewell?" Boromir shook his head, "I know not of that, little one…" he answered honestly, "I would say yes, the final goodbye. Perhaps, by some miserable chance you may happen upon an ill-fated end before I am gone, and it will not be. But, whether in false optimism or not, I say that will not be your destiny." "I, too, hope for the latter choice." Frodo added in a quiet tone. The captain shook his head, "Even in death, though it be premature, you keep your good nature, Frodo." He reached forward and lay a gloved hand on the halfling's shoulder. "May you never lose it to the will of the Dark Lord's ring." Frodo nodded slowly, mentally offering a silent prayer in hopes for the same thing. "And still you keep yourself here! Go, go on… the world is waiting for its savior, and for all you know time may be running out. You must return to life…" The Hobbit smiled and nodded, giving a short bow to the captain, "And… may you fare well yourself, Boromir… wherever you may still go, on whatever journeys you may still take." The captain waved him off, letting his eyes drop to his feet, thinking to himself, but not daring to say out loud how much such formalities did not fit the little halfling. As Boromir redirected his gaze, Frodo took a deep breath, concentrating. On what, he didn't know… but… he thought he could hear something… whatever it was, it brought back more memories of the real world. The cold, the dark… suddenly those were enveloping him too. He stared around in terror, shrinking in the midst of the opaque black haze… surely, this could not be what Boromir had said he was supposed to do… it was better in those halls, he didn't want to leave them! Then, the thing he had heard before grew clearer… a sweet singing of a familiar voice. To his surprise it reminded him of The Shire. Blurry images of flowery fields, Gandalf's fireworks, and the party tree at Bag End began to pass through his mind… he was on the ground, lying prone on a pile of something soft, yet obviously dirty. These pictures of The Shire were so surreal and like a dream as compared to the rest of his surroundings, which he slowly began to come aware of: a smooth, flat stone ground, a wooden trapdoor on the floor nearby, and a red light hanging from a chain on the ceiling above. Soon, he realized that the voice he heard singing was his own… only, not his own… he also heard someone else's. Sam! Why, then he was alive! Then, something else drew his attention. A slam below, as if of a stone door, and a hoarse voice saying something. He quieted, as he was trying to sit up, and just then became fully aware of the pained, heavy feeling in his limbs, and the spot on his neck that still throbbed, as well as stripes all along his bare flesh that stung. This sent him down, once more onto his back. He bit his lip, and tasted blood… so he was alive. And it seemed that he would stay so, as he was surely in an orc stronghold, and if they hadn't killed him yet it was likely that they weren't going to. So, as he heard a creaky padding growing louder down below, he let himself slip away, back into the images of The Shire that his eyes beheld only moments earlier, and cast himself off into a relieving dream. When Boromir looked up again, all signs of the hobbit were gone. Confused for a moment, he then smiled, "Well then, it seems I was right…" he breathed to himself, "Good luck, my dear Frodo… the fate of all the living beings in the world sways in your hands. May you deliver them."