and pleased sighs. "I've gotta admit," Merry said, stabbing a slice of cheese, "this elvish stuff tastes quite good." "Quite good?" Pippin asked, incensed. "This stuff is amazing. I've never tasted food quite like this before. Everything tastes so…so fresh, and clear, and clean, as if the air itself sweetened it." Merry glanced up at the high table, his gaze seeking Strider. To his surprise, he didn't see the man. He shrugged mentally, and returned to his meal. It wasn't his business to nose into other people's affairs. He wouldn't deny that he had been hoping their guide and protector would come and talk to them, but it seemed as if he had much more important things to do than spend time with a few hobbits. Merry accepted that, although he did feel a small pang of sorrow. He didn't want to lose his friend – for that was what Strider had become, a friend. "I see that you three managed to find the dining hall," a quiet voice said from behind Merry. He jumped slightly, and whirled, only to find himself face to face with none other than a smiling Strider. "Strider!" Pippin exclaimed, grinning broadly. "Do you mind if I join you?" Strider indicated the bench. "Not at all," Merry replied, and Sam nodded in agreement. The tall man sat down on the bench, facing away from the table, and stretched his long legs out. He leaned back, propping his elbows against the tabletop, the better to be able to see, and converse with the three hobbits, who were still eating enthusiastically. "I hope you slept well?" he asked. "Oh yes," Pippin replied, unconsciously echoing Merry. "It was wonderful to be able to sleep in a real bed again," he added, grinning. Strider chuckled. "Aye, that it was," he agreed. "How do the clothes fit you?" "The clothes? Oh," Merry laughed, and glanced down at the shirt he was wearing. "They fit quite well, actually. I'm amazed that the elves had clothes that could fit us this well. Their proportions seem to be all wrong. No offense, of course." Strider laughed quietly. "You are actually quite right, Merry," he affirmed. "Elven proportions are different than human, or hobbit, in your case. Those aren't elven clothes, though," he added. "Really?" Sam asked, looking at Strider quizzically. "Then whose were they?" "They belonged to a rather rambunctious human child many years ago," he replied. "They have seen much wear and tear, so I apologize for any small holes or stains." He blushed slightly. "These were yours, then," Sam said after a second's thought, looking at Strider with newfound wonder. "Yes. A very long time ago," the man replied, smiling wistfully. "Well," Merry stated matter-of-factly, "I'm glad you had them." "I didn't even know Lord Elrond had kept them." Strider shook his head slightly. "Still, I, too, am glad that they were available. Hopefully your own clothes will be able to be returned to you soon, washed and fully mended." The conversation lulled, and Strider was making as if he was preparing to rise, when Pippin piped up. "Strider?" "Yes, Pippin?" the man replied, turning an inquisitive gaze on the oldest of the three hobbits. "If you don't mind my asking, why were you sitting up at the high table?" The man's gaze flickered up toward the dais, which again had a third occupant – a golden-haired elf that was just sitting down. The silence stretched on for a few seconds longer, as if Strider were contemplating his response. Finally, he spoke. "Because, Pippin," Strider said, looking back to the young hobbit, "that's where my seat is," he informed them simply. It was clear that the hobbits weren't satisfied with that vague and slightly enigmatic response, and he sighed. "Perhaps I'll tell you the full tale another time," he told them, "but it is not for here, or now, I think." "Now," he said briskly, sitting up as Sam took a final bite and Merry finished scraping the final traces of gravy from his plate, "would the three of you like a tour of Rivendell?" Sam shifted conscientiously. "I was hoping I could go back and sit with Mr. Frodo," he said. A small, knowing smile lit up Strider's eyes. "I can take you to his room," he offered. "Merry, Pippin?" Merry grinned and Pippin nodded energetically. "Very well. Come on, then," he said, standing and leading them over to a small square table set off to one side. Six large tubs filled with warm, soapy water sat atop it, filled with various pieces of dishware. Strider showed them which tub was for which utensil, then led them out of the dining hall. It didn't take them long to traverse the stairs and halls to Frodo's room. Strider knew where he was going, and every so often, he would point out a specific tapestry or vase, and would accompany it with a short story. After a few moments, they reached the door to Frodo's room. "I'll come by later," Strider promised Sam as the hobbit made to open the door. "You don't have to bear the burden of watching over him alone." Merry didn't understand what Strider meant, but Sam seemed to, for he smiled gratefully up at their guardian. "Thank you, Strider," he replied, the words heartfelt. With that, he disappeared inside, closing the door gently behind him. "What would you like to see first?" Strider asked, leading the way down the corridor. "I could show you the stables, or the grounds, or show you the house itself, or take you down to the pools…" Their stay here was going to be far from dull, Merry decided. Not only was there much to see and do, but also there was a riddle to be solved. Just who was Strider? And what was his story? With a grin and a determined bounce in his step, Merry determined that he would find out the answers to his questions, one way or another.