with Cain at his right side and Metra on his left. "As you have already heard the forest has been breached, and the number of sentries is to double, but I fear this is not the last of our visitors." Fang paused before he continued. "Romulus has informed me that he himself has seen three creatures on the outskirts of the North Western boarder. Do you have anything to say Romulus?" The group of wolves drew their attention to the brown wolf with a white crown of fur. He had a powerful body and eyes that were hard to read. "I was patrolling the border of the Northwest when the three creatures stopped to camp near the forest. I was going to act, but such is forbidden." He looked at Fang almost with blame, but Fang seemed unmoved by his statement. "They were a strange group very different from each other one was a man; the other an elf; and the last was a dwarf. They seemed to be tracking a band of Orc that was traveling through the great fields beyond the forest." "Why was I not told of this sooner Romulus?" Fang growled. "I told you Fang." Romulus said with confusion. "You did not, however, mention a band of orc." Fang said with annoyance. "It was far enough away Fang that I did not think it necessary to report." Romulus said calmly. "I am to be informed of all orcs that pass within eyesight from the border of Fangorn Forest is that understood?" "Yes Fang, it will not happen again." "See that it doesn't. Has anyone else seen any orc they have not spoken to me about?" Fang said looking pointedly at Romulus. "Fang, I have not seen any orcs or men, but on the air of the Western border the smell of burned flesh was in the wind. There were also sounds of metal clashing with metal earlier in the night. The flesh smelled rancid and I believe it was orc." A black and brown wolf spoke, he was in charge of the Western border. His name was Creon. "And I was not informed of this either." Fang replied his eyes smoldering with anger. "I informed Cain of it just after it occurred." Creon said looking at Cain, who was glaring at Creon. Fang tensed and his fur bristled with anger. This was entirely unacceptable. "I want my best warriors gathered to the West. I want outposts at every third mile. This is to be completed in two passes of the sun. You are free to go." All of the wolves started to leave. Cain in particular seemed in a rush to get out of the meeting cave, and cringed when Fang told him to stay. When all had left Fang spoke. "I am the leader of the wolves of Fangorn Forest it is my sworn duty to protect this forest and the wolves who inhabit it, but I can not do this if you do not tell me about Orcs and Men that come near the forest. I can not be everywhere in Fangorn you must tell me what goes on in and outside of the forest. You are my second Cain and must tell me everything, or I can not protect my kind, and you will have to be removed of your station. Am I perfectly clear?" "Yes Fang, I am sorry that you were not told. I give you my word that it will not happen again." Cain said as he left the meeting cave. Fang sighed he disliked having to talk down to Cain, but sometimes he really wondered why he had asked the tan wolf to become his second. He was so busy thinking he did not hear his mate enter the room. "How are you my love? You seem tired." Metra said as she nuzzled his neck. "I am fine, it is just Cain. I know that he can be a good second if only he would stop trying to get my permission to reclaim some of the forest that was taken over by men hundreds of years ago." "I know my brother can be trying, but please understand he was never the same after our father was killed by the orcs." Metra said looking into her mate's eyes. "Well enough about me. How did you enjoy the festival?" Fang said with a glint in his eyes. "I enjoyed it very much. You're still the strong male I bonded to all those years ago." She whispered in his ear. "Ha. Well aren't you daring this evening?" Fang said as he rubbed her neck with his cheek. "Well the celebration isn't over yet. But…" She started but didn't want to finish. "What my love?" "It's Subora. She is not a child anymore Fang." Metra sighed. "Yes, I know. I have been thinking about it often." Fang said seriously. "The older she gets the more questions she asks. I feel horrible for her Fang. She is very lonely, and thinks she is the only one of her kind." Metra's voice was sad as she thought of Subora's suffering. "We can not let her wander Metra. It was decided years ago that she may never leave this forest. A Halfling would not fare well in the land of Middle Earth. She would not be accepted by the Elves or Men. She really is the only of her kind Metra, and only by keeping her here is she truly going to be happy." Fang replied solemnly. "She is so smart Fang. I do not think we can keep this secret from her even if we tried." Metra said with worry. "Then we must try very hard." Fang said and walked with his mate out of the meeting cave. A/N: Ok what did you think love me hate me did I destroy everything you love about LOTR or do you want more. Just want to know if I'm wasting my time here. Thanks! Review, -Secret Philosopher-