The needles had been stripped from the branch, leaving the skeleton naked. Galchyl passed by it, although his eyes lingered on it for a moment longer. Galchyl turned back to the front just in time to see his hound bound ahead. Galchyl frowned but let her go, knowing that she would not go far, and hoping that she may be able to find something. She angled off to the right, and for an instant she slowed, her nose dropping down to the snow beneath her paws. But then she was racing again, snow spurting up from beneath her paws, head lowered, tail streaming out behind her. Galchyl hesitated, watching her as she dropped to a trot, nose once more dipping down to brush the snow as she circled a shaft of wood jutting from a wave of snow – a shaft of wood that, at first glance, Galchyl had thought was but another branch, but as he looked at it again, felt that something was amiss. Galchyl was already hurrying toward the shaft when his hound lifted her head and raced straight for him. When she reached him, she circled him twice in quick succession, before meeting his eyes, ears pricked forward. And Galchyl knew then for certain that she had found something. "Show me," he ordered. The hound whirled and dashed back toward the shaft, this time with Galchyl following close behind. She pulled up sharp at the wooden tooth, turning in a tight circle as if she was chasing her tail, whining quietly. Then she began to dig, paws sending snow flying. "Back, Laechen," Galchyl ordered, stepping forward. "Back." With another whine, the hound obeyed her master, taking a half-step away from the shaft and the small hole she had begun. "Good girl," Galchyl murmured, although he only half-understood what he was saying, for he had bent to get a closer look at the wooden shaft. The shaft was no tree branch. The wood had been smoothed, then overlaid with barely discernible carvings of twisting vines and flowers. The top of the stave had been shattered, leaving behind a jagged mess of splinters, which Galchyl had initially mistook to be the branch's tip. Galchyl reached out and hesitantly grasped the stave. The wood was cold and covered in tiny particles of ice, making his grip slippery. Galchyl tensed, and he then gave a mighty heave. Wood cracked, ice grated. And then, with a crunch, the stave came free. Galchyl ran his hands the full length of the staff, feeling the engravings even through his gloves. He closed his eyes, hands tightening about the wood, battling to keep his emotions in check – emotions which he did not even fully understand. Was it relief? Or was it anger? Fear? Hope? Despair? "Captain?" Galchyl turned to see a number of his men gathered behind him. They had seen Laechen give the alert and their captain hurry after her, and had come to see what had been found. Galchyl held out the staff for the others to see. Arfaron, who was one of the half dozen who had come, took it first. His eyes widened as he examined it, and then he turned to the others, showing it to his companions. "A standard shaft alone means little," Hilthor, one of the forward scouts said after he had handed the staff to the Elf beside him, sounding as if he was grasping at hope that he did not truly have. "We searched for a sign," Arfaron countered when Galchyl made no reply. "This is the first that we have found – what else can it mean?" "But…" Laechen whined at Galchyl's feet. He glanced down at her, brow furrowed. She looked up at her master, ears pricked, the same worry in her liquid brown eyes that had plagued them moments before. "Show me," Galchyl said quietly. Laechen leapt to her feet and returned to the hole she had begun to dig. She set to it furiously, paws scrabbling against ice and snow, sending clumps tumbling to either side as she buried deeper. Abruptly, she halted digging and instead reached down into the hole she had made, baring her teeth as she made to seize something buried therein. She gave a tug, and then a jerk, before releasing whatever it was she held, and began to dig once more. "Back, Laechen," Galchyl ordered for the second time in as many minutes. This time she did not heed him, instead continuing to dig energetically. Galchyl reached down and, seizing the scruff of her neck, bodily hauled her away before looking down into the hole for himself. Galchyl stilled, the frigid breath momentarily stilling in his lungs, as if it had been frozen. He knelt, seizing the forefinger of his glove between his teeth and then pulling it off of his hand, then reached down. The hand, nearly as white as the snow beneath it yet tinged with unsettling blue, was frozen nearly solid. There was no warmth to be felt in the skin whatsoever, and as Galchyl pulled the sleeve of the tunic away from the wrist, the cloth cracked as ice snapped. No pulse was to be found. Galchyl stood, pulling his glove back on, and then turned. Facing Arfaron and the other Elves that had gathered Galchyl spoke at last. "We have our proof," he said. "Hilthor," he turned, addressing the fleet-footed Elf, "go and inform Captain Cruston and his men that we have found the party." The scout snapped a sharp salute, before turning and sprinting back toward the edge of the cliff. Galchyl turned to regard the others with his calm, steady gaze. "We have our proof," Galchyl repeated. "We search now for survivors." The Elves nodded curtly, and then dispersed, some going to inform the others of their company of what had been discovered, and the rest beginning their search anew. Galchyl watched them go, one hand on Laechen's head. "Now the real hunt begins." ~oOo~ To be continued...