a split second before it began pounding. Rumil bowed in front of me, his eyes never leaving mine, "Then I shall see you tonight." Nodding, I turned to watch his retreating form run back up the path. Before he left my sight, he waved at me before disappearing around a corner. Quickly, I hurried back to my room, closing the door behind me. My body slowly slid down the wood, a smile plastered on my face. Looking to the flower, a feeling bloomed inside of me that told me that tonight would be just wonderful. Once the moon rose and I was dressed in white with the help of two elleths who I had grown to like and vice-versa, we headed towards the place of the banquet. Lights were strewn about the tree tops as we entered a closed of area surrounded by intertwining branches. Lacey, white, clothed tables were set around the area. My eyes swept over every detail in awe until a light tap was on my shoulder. I turned and spot Rumil holding out his hand to me. With my hands slightly trembling, I placed on in his as he pressed his lips against it. A part of me froze as, once again, his eyes never left mine. Smiling up at me, he took my arm and looped it with his. As he began walking, I looked down at my feet to hide my blush. I felt hot air blow against my ear as Rumil spoke softly, "I hope you know that you look beautiful tonight." I felt as in my whole body was turned to fire. He led me to sit down on a bench by one of the tables. Quickly he murmured that he would be right back with something to drink and left. Using the moment of solitude, I gripped my hands together and began to breathe deeply. I wasn't used to this. Not dances, or 'banquet' which are both essentially the same thing here, but having a guy treating me like this. My lips formed a soft smile as I heard the beginnings of music start. Looking up, hoping to catch sight of my escort, I found him. Dancing. With an elleth. My cloud nine high quickly evaporated as tears fogged up my vision. Of course he'd be dancing with an elleth. They're tall and slender. As they enter the room, they hold a graceful feel to their strides and talk like the soft blowing of the wind. Taking a deep breath, I spotted the opening closest to me. It was on the right and very few people were using it. Standing, I bent to pick up my skirts and ran. My feet pounded hard on the steps and my tears fell silently. Why was I foolish enough to believe he willingly wanted me with him tonight? I mean, I trip whenever I don't pay attention to my footing, I'm not as tall as an elleth, and I'm a mute. We can't even hold any semblance of a decent conversation. So why would he ask me to this anyway? As a joke? Pity? A scoff escaped my throat as I ended up at the tree where I was at earlier. Planting myself on a bench beside it, I placed my forehead on the rough bark, letting my tears drip down my face. "Am I ever going to belong here? I just want to go home!" I felt a soft hand touch my back. It rubbed in soothing circles as the last what my tears finished up. Turning my head slightly, I saw Rumil in my peripheral vision. Frowning, I looked back to the brown of the bark in front of me. The silence between us lasted for several minutes until I heard the blonde's voice ring out. "I saw you running out-," he said as I took my chalk and began writing something, "- of the venue. It hurt that you did not tell me you were leaving." Once he finished, I held out my board for him to read, " You were dancing with an elleth. I don't really blame you. It's your kin, you all fit together, belong together. I'm just the human standing in everyone's way. " He shook his head, "That is not true." I wiped at my board, beginning to write something again until I felt a hand pull my wrist. Knowing it was futile, I tried tugging my wrist out of his grip. Giving up, I kept my gaze narrowed at the not yet complete sentence. " I don't be- " From beside me, I heard the stormy eyed ellon growl softly. Suddenly, I felt pressure on my chin as my face was forcefully turned to him. I felt his soft lips crash onto mine. My body froze, tears threatening to escape again. Finally giving in, I completely relaxed, letting my eyes fall closed. I felt Rumil's body scoot closer to mine as he placed my arm around his neck. I just felt. I felt his lips against mine. I felt his hand lightly trace patterns on my side. I felt his long soft hair between my fingers as I soaked in everything. It was just him and me. Nothing else mattered. His lips softly left mine, "Do not say you do not belong here, because as long as I still walk this earth, you will always have a place you belong." And for once, I believed him. A/N: YES! IT'S FINALLY DONE! Saren, I truly hope it has lived up to your expectations. And for those of you who read my fanfiction this is based off of, are you okay with how corny that ending sounded? If so EPICNESS~ if not let me now. I might be able to tone it down. Might being the key word. Also this "*" is actually a flower called Yarrow and it means Eternal Love, which I thought would be befitting since they are elves. ANYWAY Review if you wish.