throat slashed wide. And then Elrond was running, feet pounding in time with his heart, his breath coming in gasps as the smoke-choked air burned his lungs. Something struck him in the back of the head, hard, and he staggered, then fell to his knees, his vision going in and out of darkness. Vaguely, he could feel blood running down his neck, yet strangely he could feel no pain. Not at first. And then the pain washed hit him like a wall of solid stone. The knife fell from suddenly numb fingers, clattering as it hit the cobblestones, and it was all he could do not to black out. Yet in the same instant, his hold on Cuilnoth tightened, and he drew her to him with both arms, holding her to his chest. "Thought ya could get away, didja?" one of the orcs cackled, coming up behind him. Elrond struggled vainly to get to his feet, but his body seemed to have locked down, the pain and shock freezing his limbs. "Stupid elf," another spat. The orcs laughed delightedly, and one of them grabbed him to make sure he didn't try to rise again, and succeed. "Wha do we do wiv it?" one of the orcs asked. "Can we eat it?" it put in hopefully. "Wait," the first orc barked, coming around to peer into his face. "I know this one…His face, it's familiar some'ow." He was silent for a moment. Then he hissed venomously, recognition sparking in his gaze. "Elf lord," he spat. "The Master will want this one alive." One of the orcs grumbled. "Wha about de other one?" another asked. "Jus' a kid. We can kill it I s'pose," the orc said finally, and proceeded to nonchalantly draw a long knife from his belt. Elrond reacted instinctively, the drive to protect the child overcoming all else. He surged upward, breaking the orc's grip. And then something smashed into the side of his head, sending him crashing back to the ground. Everything went black as his vision was lost, and he did not feel as Cuilnoth was torn from his grasp. Slowly he fought his way back to consciousness, and his sight returned for just an instant. He watched as Cuilnoth was hauled upward then sent crashing back to the street, her screams of terror and pain piercing the fog that held his mind in a pained stupor. Flashes – flashes of sight, then flashes of darkness. He knew he was moving, but he could not see what he had done. He could see blood on his hands, but could not tell if it was his or theirs. He could hear shouts and screams, but it was as if they were coming in and out of existence, cutting off and cutting back in in the space of seconds. He came to himself one final time, and he found himself staring at a scene of carnage, blood filling the cracks between the cobblestones. Cuilnoth was sitting in the center of it all, her head buried in her lap, rocking back and forth and sobbing silently with terror. He staggered over to her and knelt heavily, before reaching out to touch her on the shoulder gently. "Come little one," he rasped, and opened his arms. She looked up, and then leapt to her feet and ran to him, sobs wracking her small body. He pulled her into his embrace, holding her close. He tried to stand, the only thought now to make it to the end of the street and find his people. He did not even make it all of the way upright. Darkness crashed over him, stealing away his senses and sending him tumbling back to the ground. He was unconscious before he hit the stones. Elrond gasped, his eyes opening. He blinked as his eyes were painfully assaulted by the bright sunlight, and fought back the watery tears. His head pounded, and he realized that he was clutching it between both his hands now. Elrond slowly forced his hands away from his head, relaxing until they were hanging limply by his sides. In, out, in, out. His breathing steadied slowly. He had forgotten much about that night – that final, crazed battle in Eregion, just before they had fled – and most of what he could remember he had in snatches and glimpses. The squad who had found him had led him, still only partially conscious, to the edge of the city. Yet Elrond could not, for some reason, bring to mind the sight of Cuilnoth. What had happened to her? She was alive, obviously, and for that Elrond was exceedingly thankful. Yet he could not find within his memory a glimpse of her, not since he had fallen unconscious until he had just met her in the camp. Elrond finally abandoned the issue, at least for the time being. For an instant, he nearly turned back to the tent where he had just left the child. But then he thought better of it. She was sleeping peacefully, and he did not wish to disturb her. Also, his head ached terribly, and he truly did need to attend to the remaining paperwork. Ai, Elrond grumbled to himself, even as his feet began to carry him on his way toward the barracks. A sudden realization struck Elrond as he climbed the small hill that separated the tents from the buildings. And he found that he knew the answer to the question he had asked himself earlier. Why do I do this? Elrond smiled. I do it for them, for everyone that I need to protect. It may not be fighting for them, or sacrificing myself for them, yet this is protecting them all the same. I am doing it for my people. My people. The words echoed strangely in Elrond's mind. And yet he could not help but smile a little wider. My people. Yes. They were his people now. And he would do anything for his people.