react as the Mouth rushed at him, a barbed whip in its hand. "I'LL TEACH YOU TO IGNORE ME, YOU STUPID, WORTHLESS ORC!" it yelled as it began beating him with the lash in any exposed area of flesh it could find. Shagrat quickly curled up into a tight ball, trying to protect his face. The pain was like nothing he had ever imagined, and as the Mouth showed no sign of stopping any time soon (it just beat him harder if he moved), tears had began welling up in his eyes, so that he could hardly see anything around him. The Mouth was in such a rage that it didn't hear him as he cried out through his tears. "My lord Sauron, please save me!" But though he knew Sauron heard him, he also knew the Dark Lord could not help him until he was Restored to his former self by the destruction of the Ring. And unless the Ring was destroyed very soon, it would not matter if Sauron was Restored, because Shagrat would be dead at the hand of the Mouth. He could already see the thing ravenously tearing at the flesh of his corpse. Not far away, inside Mount Doom, a little hobbit stood on the edge of a cliff. Far below, a river of lava flowed slowly past. In his hand, the hobbit held a chain. And on that chain was a Ring. Another fatter hobbit came inside and saw the one with the Ring standing there. This was the moment their whole journey had led up to. This was why they had come here. Sam thought of all their friends they had made on their journey. He thought of the fair elves of Rivendell and Lorien. He thought of all the hobbits back in the Shire. "Go on!" he yelled to Frodo. He thought of all the people they were about to save. He looked out towards Barad-dûr, which he could see rising dark and tall into the sky out the entrance to Mount Doom, and thought he could just faintly hear, in his head, a voice crying out, as if its owner was in terrible pain. "… please save me!" Of course, he could have been imagining it, but he knew the voice. It was the same voice that had told him Shelob hadn't killed Frodo, the same voice that had upheld the orders that kept Frodo alive, the same voice that had led him to his reunion with Frodo. And suddenly, he thought of Shagrat, the orc who had helped them to escape the orc tower. Sam imagined this had been found out and Shagrat was probably in a dungeon somewhere deep underground, being tortured for helping them. It then came to him that he wanted to return the favor, that is, if Shagrat wasn't already dead. "Destroy it!" he yelled. Frodo gave him an affirmative glare and whispered the one word Sam hoped he wouldn't say. "No." What happened next was very quick and very well known, so I won't describe it, except for the last joyful cries of a small gangrel creature as it fell toward the lava and was swallowed up by it. Its hand was the last thing to go. And in that hand was a golden Ring. The One Ring was destroyed. This is the end, Shagrat thought as the Mouth still continued lashing him, I'm going to die here. Oh, Sauron, why didn't you protect me from everyone? I will be dead for sure by the time you are fully restored. That is, if the Ring has even been destroyed. Oh, forgive me, my lord. I have failed you. You trusted me with your life and I let you down. I gave you my word and did not keep it. I am so sorry, my lord. Please, please forgive me. Please. But even as he had these thoughts, the floor began to tremble beneath him. A loud rumbling filled the tower, and everyone, even the Mouth, froze in the midst of whatever they were doing. Shagrat was the first to look up and spot the true phenomenon. The Mouth followed his gaze as the ceiling above them began to glow. The light got brighter and brighter, until they all had to shield their eyes. A loud, piercing shrieking could be heard all around them and so they moved their hands to cover their ears and instead squeezed their eyes shut. There was a sudden, deafening boom, like a great thunderclap. Without warning, Shagrat felt himself thrown high into the air. Below him was a sound like a great avalanche. He dared to open his eyes to see what had happened. He saw Barad-dûr literally being torn apart by the force of the great explosion, which had thrown him up high over Mordor. He was suddenly aware that he was slowing down. He seemed to stop completely and just hang suspended in the air for a few seconds. Next thing he knew, he was dropping like a stone toward the ground. He saw the Nazgûl flying wildly about and thrust out both of his hands. By luck, he caught hold of a fell beast's tail as it dropped toward the ground. It slowed his fall quite a bit. He reached out with one hand and grabbed another fell beast by the tail. This slowed him down even more. The two beasts were headed for the ground. But just as they were about to get low enough for Shagrat to let go of their tails and land on his feet, they whipped their tails upwards, rather quickly. So surprised was Shagrat that he lost his grip and went flying across the plain. He landed, had he known it, right in the exact spot where Sauron's throne had been just seconds earlier. When he fell, he hit his head on a leftover piece of said throne, gave a small grunt, and then Shagrat fell unconscious and knew no more.