Aravadhor was just out of reach, and Elrond's hand fell dumbly back to his side as Aravadhor bowed again. "Aravadhor, please forgi-" "No, my lord was right," Aravadhor said coldly. "I must needs remember my place. Forgive me, my lord. Let me show you to Mornecthel." Not knowing what else to do or say, Elrond merely followed Aravadhor across the bluff. They picked their way carefully around the corpses still lying, bloating and buzzing with gathering flies, toward the far edge of the battlefield, two dozen paces from where the Orcs were being gathered to burn. A single still form lay stretched out upon a patch of bare rock, a navy blue cloak draped across its full length. A splash of browning red dotted the hem of the cloak, as if it had been dragged across the soiled ground, but otherwise the cloth was clean and untorn. It could not be Aravadhor's cloak, Elrond knew. Aravadhor stepped back, giving Elrond space to go forward. He did so, and knelt beside the still body, peeling the cloak back from Mornecthel's ashen face. He was still in the way only an Elf in death can be still. Eyes closed, flesh pale and unnaturally dim, Mornecthel could appear to all the world as if he was merely sleeping – merely sleeping, but for the grey shadows that lurked beneath his skin, and the fact that Elves do not sleep with eyes closed. At least he looks peaceful, Elrond thought. That is more than the Orc had. But he knew the truth, deep in his heart and very soul. He had killed Mornecthel, just as surely as he had slain the Orc. Is this what hatred brings? Is death the only thing left for me now? My death, and the deaths of all those around me? I cannot save anyone, he thought bitterly. Not Celebrían. Not Mornecthel. Not even my own children. Are we all doomed to this fate? This darkness? =oOo= "I must go, Celebrían." His voice was soft, little more than a mere whisper in the muffled silence of the room. "Your mother and father are coming, and I must go out to meet them, to escort them safely to the Valley. The mountain passes are safe no longer," he added bitterly. Celebrían, sitting propped up against the pillows, did not look at him. Her gaze remained on the cloth doll in her lap – the doll that had once belonged to Arwen, as a child. Elrond suspected that the doll reminded Celebrían of the past, Before, when there was peace. He had tried to take the toy from her once, needing to attend to her wounds, but she had screamed and bit him, and snatched the doll from his listless hands. Since then, he had not even dared to touch the doll, and Celebrían seemed the happier for it. "Celebrían?" he asked now, gently. "Can you hear me?" Mutely, Celebrían gave a small nod of her head. Her fingers twisted tighter around the doll's right hand. "Good," Elrond said with a small smile. "Glorfindel will be here, if you need him, as will Arwen and the twins. I will be home again in only a few days," he promised. Again, Celebrían merely nodded, and her fingers twisted tighter and faster around the doll's crimped hand. Elrond stood slowly, so as not to startle Celebrían, and then made his way to the door. But before he could reach for the latch, a tremulous voice, soft and hoarse, halted him abruptly. "E-El?" Elrond turned quickly, heart leaping into his throat as looked back, wondering vaguely if his sanity had at last snapped and he was now hearing her voice. But no, she was looking at him, fiddling mindlessly with the doll still in her lap as her haunted, ice blue eyes lay on him. "Yes, my love?" Elrond asked, crossing back to the bed to kneel before her. Celebrían did not reach out to touch him, or take his hand, but for the first time, she did not flinch or draw away. She looked at him, fear and something else warring painfully in her eyes. Elrond waited patiently, hardly daring to breathe. At last, Celebrían seemed to give in. She shrank back against the pillows, and her eyes fell from Elrond's and back to the doll. But then, as soft as a summer breeze, Elrond heard her speak again. "Please," she whispered brokenly, "come back?" =oOo= "Come back." He had promised her – had promised her that he would return. For the first time since he had known she had been taken – for the first time since he had Seen the Orcs drag her from her horse and carry her, kicking and biting and fighting, down into their den – he had felt a small glimmer of hope. What have I done? Elrond bowed his head, eyes clenched tightly shut to keep the tears at bay. Had he squandered what little hope he had? Death can only bring more death. He knew that – when had he forgotten it? When I felt her dragged down into the darkness, he thought. When I felt her raped, and beaten, and raped again. His hands clenched into fists, and he pressed them to his forehead. What have I done? he asked himself for a second time. These hands were meant for healing… What darkness have they wrought? Of course I could not heal her – how could I, with this sickness in my soul, this perversion in my heart? Damn you, he whispered silently, violently. Damn you, Elrond, and your arrogance, your bitterness, your anger. What has it cost you? But he knew the answer to that as well. Everything – it had cost him everything. "What have I done?" he whispered, voice as broken as his heart. "Forgive me, Mornecthel," he pleaded. "Forgive me, Celebrían." Forgive me, Father, he prayed, for I have sinned. And at last, the tears spilled over, and Elrond wept.