saw a light shinning from over the top of the hill that loomed before me. With a lagging gait I trudged up the snowy hill that could have been a mountainside and nearly wept with joy when I saw the windows of the Last Homely House and the light that shinned from within them, casting shadows on the snow. With haste I fumbled my way down the hill, Gandalf pressed to my side and my arms numb as I crashed through the dead trees that framed the Homely House. I made it to the door and started to pound on it. It opened with a slam as a smiling servant saw us and then turned tail and ran. Faster than I could say, 'Damn, I'm glad to see you,' Elrond came sweeping into the hall with wild eyes and chest heaving. He took one glance at us and then Glorfindel, in a blur of gold, had Gandalf, leaving Elrond to scoop me up into his arms, pressing my icy, soaked form into his beautiful robes. I closed my eyes and went to sleep. I was lucky to ever wake up again. oOo Groaning softly I reached up a heavy hand to touch my pounding head. I was warm, something I feared I would never be again. I heard footsteps in my room and my hand went for the dagger I always kept under my pillow only to realize that I wasn't in my bed. Where? Jerking upright my eyes slammed open as I stared blearily around. A shadow and a familiar voice filled my ears with the command to, 'lay back down, now!' I resisted the large hands that pressed gently at my sore shoulders but soon exhausted myself and back to the bed I went. Blinking my eyes I saw the worried storm that brewed in Elrond's gaze as his horsetail swung around his shoulders, the fire casting half of his portrait into shadow. Quickly grabbing the hand he moved towards my face I pressed its warmth into my cheek and curled around his appendage, almost not believing that he was real and I wasn't dead in the snow somewhere. He was speaking but all I could hear was his pulse in his wrist as I pressed my lips to it. "You will marry me," I told him before sleep reared up over me and dragged me back into her depths, Elrond's gentle gaze the last thing I saw. oOo Loving Elrond was one of the easiest things I had ever done. He was wonderful, perfect in my eyes for all of his flaws. He was stubborn, but he loved for me to wear pants. He was overbearing about my health, but he danced hand in hand in the rain with me. He was my world and I was determined that he be my husband. And so he was. oOo Our sons were beautiful, perfect. I let Elrond pick their names, still unused to elven names even after so long of living among them. And laying in my birthing bed, him holding me and whispering praise and love into my hair while the life that we had created nursed at my breast I was the happiest I had been since my friends had died, millennia before. oOo Elladan and Elrohir we full of mischief and curiosity and love. They joined my beloved husband in the center of my universe. oOo Arwen, beloved Arwen, star of her father's eye, looked so like Archer that I cried. With her father's dark hair, my bright eyes, and her own bright smile she joined her brothers and father in my heart, never to be sundered from me. oOo Raising my children while being the wife and Lady of Imladris was both the easiest and the hardest thing I had ever done. Easy, because my children adored me and hung on my every word and teaching. Hard, because they were growing up so fast that soon my sons joined their father in towering over me and my daughter was learning her way in the world without me. Just as I was growing lonely enough to ask Elrond for another child Aragorn showed up to be my son. And so I was happy. oOo My time with the orcs taught me of pain and despair. It dredged up memories of Noria's fighting, cursing form being dragged away from the still warm corpse of Archer and of me, being shoved in that tight chest and the icy river water rushing up to swallow me whole. I remembered Mount Doom, death, slaying, and my hatred of man until my sanity began to slip away piece by piece under the torture master's blade. The pain was everything and nothing. It shaped me anew until, like Yaway , Celebrian was no more. I let it happen. I never counted on being found. oOo Waking up in my husband's care was the worst thing to ever happen to me. I had known that my family was safe while I was in the orc's tender mercy and I hadn't fought the change that had overcome me. I had never expected to live through being captured and so when I opened my eyes to see Elrond beside me my hatred at myself welled up and ate me alive. I knew I was no longer good enough for my lovely family. I had to leave. I would protect them from myself. It was decided; I would go to the sea. And I would leave them safe from the horror that I had become, even if it broke their hearts because they were better off broken than they were destroyed. By me. By my actions. By what I had become. And so I, Celebrian, Lady of Imladris, adopted daughter of Galadriel and Celeborn, Lord and Lady of Lothlorien, wife of Elrond, Lord of Imladris, friend of Archer and Noria, would sail for the Undying Lands, never to see my family again. Ever. oOo Fin.