and took his hands in both of hers and held them tightly. "There is darkness all around me," Elrond said, his voice hoarse. "There is naught but shadow and sorrow behind me. There is only an eternity of hopelessness in front." He looked up, and his eyes were gleaming. "You are the only light that I can see, Celebrían. It is as if every other light in my life has been extinguished – Elladan and Elrohir, for I fear that they will choose the same as their sister; Glorfindel, who has remained behind to watch over Arwen and the twins until they make their choice; Estel; Arwen," he choked. "Everyone and everything in my life, I have lost. My parents. Maedhros and Maglor. My brother. And now my children. And for what, Celebrían? Because of fate? Or perhaps it is some sick joke of the Valar," he spat. Abruptly Elrond stood, pulling away from Celebrían. He took a step away from the bench, keeping his back to Celebrían. "I even lost you," he said quietly. "And I feared that I would never see you again. I feared that you would have moved on, that you would have come to love another. For how could any love a broken peredhel , who belongs to no one? A half breed, who can't even claim to be half of one or half of the other, but is eternally caught halfway in the middle, with a drop of blood so foreign, so mighty, and so terrifying that it burns and terrifies even me? "I am so afraid, Celebrían. For so long I was no one – no one but the foster child of Maglor Fëanorian. And then I was just another soldier, another noble, another face in a crowd of faces. But now everyone sees me, and everyone knows who I am. And now at last everyone shall see that I am nothing but a weak half-breed who has no right to be called a prince, or lord, or even captain. At long last, I will be revealed for what I truly am." Celebrían stood and walked to him, circling him so that she was facing him. "And what is that, Elrond Eärendilion?" she asked. "What are you?" Elrond looked down at her, the faintest traces of surprise in his eyes. He did not hesitate as he spoke, however. "A failure," he told her, his voice heavy with scorn. "I have done naught but fail time and time again in my long life." "That is not true," Celebrían said fiercely, albeit quietly, "and you know that. You founded Imladris, and in doing so you have saved countless lives. You have healed hundreds of people who could not have otherwise been healed. You have provided counsel and wisdom for thousands of years. You have stood strong in the long war against shadow, and time and again you have proven an invaluable player in the constant struggle. You are not a failure." "I failed you…" he whispered brokenly. "Oh Elrond, no you haven't," Celebrían told him, and her voice caught. Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes, and she stepped forward. "No, beloved, you have never failed me." "I could not heal you," Elrond said, and there was loathing in his eyes. "When you needed me most, I was not there. I could not protect you, and I could not save you after that. I failed you, Celebrían." Celebrían stood before Elrond, and now there were tears gathering in her eyes. "You were there for me when no one else could have been," she whispered. "You held me when I would awaken from the nightmares, and you kissed me when I was alone in a sea of darkness and despair. You fought back the darkness, and you took away my fears. You refused to leave me through it all, no matter what I said or what I did. You did not abandon me. If anything, it was I who failed you, Elrond." Taking Elrond's face in her hands, Celebrían once more forced him to look at her. "Never once have you failed me, Elrond. Never once have you failed anyone." She leaned forward, and kissed him softly. "I love you Elrond," she whispered, "and I always shall. No one could ever force me to stop loving you, not even Eru himself. I love you, no matter how broken you may be. I love you, no matter what any other might say. I know who you are, Elrond." "And who am I?" Elrond asked bitterly. "You are you, and you are beautiful." Elrond went rigid, an internal war waging in his heart and mind, as the anger pent up in his heart gave one final struggle to hold on. Then without warning Elrond collapsed, his legs giving out from underneath him. He fell to the ground onto his knees, and he began to weep, his face buried in his hands. Celebrían knelt quickly beside him, and gathered him into her arms. She crooned as she rocked him back and forth, much as she would have a young child. She ran her fingers through his hair, and stroked his head. And she wept with him. Elrond finally ceased his weeping, and made as if to sit up. Celebrían halted him, tightening her hold on him, so instead he relaxed, and simply lay in his wife's arms, trembling as exhaustion finally overtook his body and mind. "Thank you," he murmured, not knowing what else to say. "Always," Celebrían replied, and then carefully shifted his weight until he was lying on the ground, and then she lay down beside him. He turned over and reached out to her, and she slid comfortably into his arms. "I love you," Celebrían murmured, nestling her head into his shoulder. "And I love you," Elrond replied, burying his nose in her hair. He was smiling, truly smiling, Celebrían realized a moment later, and she felt her own heart soar. His healing had begun.