A little lonely, but very sunny and beautiful." His eyes slip closed as I press into the tender arch; that's the only part of his foot that isn't hard, the only place where I have a tickling advantage. "Much as I appreciate Greece, I'm ready to find a home." I blow a raspberry. "Home? You're a born traveler; what home?" "You still haven't sold your manor in Ireland," he points out. He's going to sit up, but I haven't gotten to the other foot yet. I open my mouth to protest, but Frodo sits quickly and slides over to my side, trapping me between him and the corner of the couch. His arm slips casually around my shoulders. "You have a home." "And it's not your home?" Frodo shakes his head, and his eyes grow fuzzy . . . sentimental, affectionate probably only because he was hardwired that way. He teasingly traces his lips across my cheek, drawing them back multiple times. But he's quiet about it, so if it weren't for the tingles lighting up my mind I wouldn't recognize what was happening. "You're my home," he mutters, more bashful and distracted than sappy. "That's beautifully sentimental," I whisper back, brushing my own mouth against his skin, "but your opinion matters to me. Where do you want to go?" He shrugs. "Paris." I chuckle. "To live there?" "I live everywhere!" Frodo exclaims. He lowers his hand to mine. "I told you, my home is here." He brings my knuckles to his lips; velvet touch sears shivers into my skin. "And here." He brushes his fingers against my neck. "And here . . ." He tilts my head towards him and pecks my nose. "Here most of all." His lips beckon to mine, skimming with warmth and caress just within my reach only to back away. I lean forward to kiss him; I have need of it. But he tilts his head just out of the way. How he can practice such patience is beyond me. I'm not so conservative. "Sneaky little hobbitses," I mutter. Before he can laugh or give me a confused look—whatever he intended to do—I wrap my hands in his collar. I don't pull (as I told him I considered the idea of tugging him down ridiculous), but he does it all: he comes in to kiss me this time. His lips meet mine gently at first, and then a fascinated mumble emanates from his neck. His arms sedately squeeze me closer, and his fingers travel from the middle of my back to one shoulder and right around my waist as his lips caress mine softly. "How do you breathe like this?" I mutter against him. He shrugs. "I forget about breathing." "That sounds so nice." Before he kisses me again, he moans and doubles over; his head collides with my shoulder, and I resist a yelp. "Frodo!" I grab his shoulders and lift him as best I can, but he's twitching and almost unconscious. "Frodo, what's wrong?!" He stares up at me, his eyes suddenly bloodshot. He manages a weak smile. "Nothing unusual," he whispers. His eyes widen, and his jaw drops. I throw aside the inner folds of his shirt and shove my palm over his Morgul stab; at how cold and stiff his skin is, I'm surprised no frost has formed. I grab his arm. " I'm sick?!" Then I pause. "Oh. I suppose kissing a sick girl doesn't help your wounds at all." Frodo shakes his head. "It makes me feel better." He reaches up to kiss me again, but I push him off. "You need rest, and it's sundown anyway. Come on; let's get you . . . and me, I suppose . . . to bed." Frodo smiles up at me; unlike what I would have expected from any other man, he looks sincere and hopeful. Until, of course, his wounds crash against him again and he buckles. "You are strong enough for this," I insist. "I believe in your ability to handle this, I promise." Frodo laughs sourly. "That's not what I was concerned about." But I see his expression soften. I lay him down on the bed first, wrapping him solidly in two of the four blankets from the huge wooden cupboard beside the bedroom door. I lay the other two over us both, then pull him into my arms. "You're not as small as you used to be," I say, slipping my hand over his wound. I press the cold out, occasionally kissing him to relieve any tension he might be feeling. He remains silent, his eyes flickering open and shut. Soon he's resting peacefully, his head tucked against my collar. I lay my head on top of his, ready for another sweet and beautiful night with nothing but Frodo's company in the whole world. I start to nod off, but before I can Frodo reaches out of the blankets and brushes his fingertips along the side of my face. My eyes flicker open. "Before you do that," he mutters, already half asleep himself, "just one more." I sigh, only intending to tease him: of course I want one more. "I suppose all your heroism and sacrifices deserves one more kiss, doesn't it?" I reach over and ruffle his curls; his head slacks to the touch. "And all that suffering. I'm sorry I didn't come sooner." I shudder when I think about what would have happened if everything had gone according to canon: I would never see him again, and he'd forget all about me. "I missed you." "I missed you too," he whispers. He yawns. I comply and lower my head close to his. I chuckle. "Good night, Frodo Baggins." I press my lips gently against his, and my head swims at his slow, indulgent response. " My Frodo Baggins. I may not be bigger than you are now, but I will always be your Baymax. I promise." The chill upon his chest fades within minutes.