him. "Are you still making them feel guilty to get them to behave, old friend?" "Well it is either that or a sparring session. But I thought that in their current condition, you would not approve of the latter." -o0o- Erestor was immensely pleased with himself. Yesterday he had used a recollection of some of Glorfindel's more interesting missions as a preamble to teach young Estel about Gondolin politics and history. Estel tried to stifle his giggles behind his hands. "Glorfy's hair was green?" He asked between giggles, making double sure that the event really happened. Erestor was telling him stories from when his brothers were still elflings, about the same age as him. "Indeed, tithen pen. Bright green. You see, Elladan and Elrohir had used camellia blossoms to dye his hair." "But Restor, camellia blossoms are red." Erestor grinned smugly; he had the little boy exactly where he wanted him. "Ah, but plants don't always give us the colour we would expect," He began, "would you like to visit the weavers and see how they dye their fabrics, little one?" Estel was out of his chair in an instant, his eyes sparkling with excitement- and, Erestor hoped he was mistaken, mischief. "Can we?" Chuckling slightly, Rivendell's chief advisor got up and joined Estel on his way downstairs. Mindfully he grabbed Estel's coat on his way out the room and made sure the boy put it on before they went out across the yard. The weavers had a work shed close to the stables, to avoid the stronger smells of some of their fixatives to reach the Last Homely House. "Hurry Restor!" Estel pulled at his hand impatiently, always excited to learn something new, especially if the knowledge involved going outside. "You go on ahead, tithen pen " Erestor said and released Estel's hand. Then he turned his attention to the guard that had run up to meet him. "What is it?" "My Lord Erestor, Lord Elrond is returning. They will be here shortly." "And the twins?" Erestor asked, wondering if it would be better to keep Estel busy inside. "They seem alright, my lord." Erestor nodded and turned to follow Estel and bring him the good news. However, not until he had told him at least something about plant-based dyes. There was no need to waste such a perfect opportunity to teach his young student something new. -o0o- Estel was standing in the courtyard, tightly wrapped in his cloak and a thick woolen scarf, but he barely felt the cold. It had started to snow mere moments ago and from what Erestor told him, his father and brothers would be here soon. Eventually even his human eyes could make out the dark shadows of riders through the falling flakes, and it was only the dark haired elf's hand on his shoulder that stopped him from running out to greet them. As it was, the horses soon reached their side and Elrond smiled warmly down at his youngest child. "Estel." He greeted, fondly. " Ada . Have you found Dan and Ro?" The Elven lord chuckled slightly. "Indeed I have, tithen pen . And they are all yours now, though I daresay you will need a bit more snow before you can start building snow elves." "Snow trolls , Ada !" Estel replied vehemently. But at that instant he was already swooped up in a tight embrace by one of the twins. "Hello there, penneth . Did you miss us?" "Dan!" He threw his little arms around the twin's neck in a tight squeeze. "Of course I did." He then looked up at Elrohir as the younger twin came to join his brothers. "Did you really dye Glorfy's hair green?" He asked innocently. "Let's discuss this inside." Elrohir replied quickly. And with his twin at his side he was quick to bring as much distance between himself and the golden haired elf lord in question as he could. He was right to assume that Glorfindel was none too happy to be reminded of that particular prank from the twins' childhood. -o0o- "And this, Estel," Elladan said, attaching a large snowball to the crude arm of their snow troll and thereby finishing the monster, "is what a troll looks like." They had built the troll to be about the twins' size, and the little human by their side felt dwarfed by the big snow statue. "And thanks to your brother's complete lack of artistic skill, it even looks realistic." Elrohir explained. He deftly ducked the snow ball his twin threw in his direction. "You'll have to try harder than -" he was cut off abruptly as a snowball hit him squarely in the side of the face. He looked incredulously at the little human who had thrown the cold projectile. "Estel!" He exclaimed in mock hurt, "you would side with him? I thought I was your favourite brother." The effect of his big eyed stare was utterly ruined by Elladan hitting him with another ball of snow. Without warning Elrohir whipped around and tackled his twin into the snow. Estel laughed gleefully as he watched his older brothers wrestling on the snow covered ground. His chuckles changed abruptly though when, as one, the twins turned and lunged for their younger brother. The young boy squeaked and dodged out of the way before he ran frantically back towards the house. " Ada! " He shouted between his giggles, " Ada , help me!" From up on the balcony the elf lord in question watched the events in the courtyard happily. The laughter of his three sons was like music to his ears. And despite the snowy statue of a troll in his courtyard, the Last Homely House looked especially idyllic today. The end A/N: based on a particularly insistent plot bunny who wanted to combine the idea of elven healers not being able to heal themselves and the 'twin-bond' that's so popular fanon. plus my own insistence of adding Estel fluff :)