being turned around to find Frodo was gone. She could still fly back, couldn't she? Gadhoron guided her off the wooden plank. She moved to grab her head out of habit . . . then realized the throbbing was gone. She laughed initially at the sudden weight lifted from her. She was neither dragon nor hobbit, but in such a place of light her impurities were perfected into the creature she'd become. Sev rolled about in the white sand. A beautiful, thick forest filled with tidy, white paths lay beyond, cupping the little stretch of beach protectively. The Elves began to walk down the paths, gesturing for Sev to come. Sev followed in the air, flipping and rolling about in the clean, tender air. She flew above the trees, suddenly free. Smoke rose from her nose, and little bursts of blood-red fire accompanied her hurried exhales. She'd never felt so amazing in her entire life. They situated her at a grand palace, one not unlike that at Rivendell. This one, however, was far more glorious. Under the rising sun, it shimmered and sang with the beauty of crystal and the strength of fine stone, situated at the top of a small, granite mountain. Other great palaces, filled with pure Elves, surrounded them. The forest filled in the gaps, lending the place an untouched air despite the comforts that awaited. Sev ate to her heart's content, raising (and consuming the ill) of her own herds of horses and sheep gifted her by the Elves. They offered her the best quarters they could—suited to one Dragonese, of course. They looked like her rooms at Rivendell. She spent a great deal of time just breathing the beautiful air, feeling the gentle peace of Valinor, of roaming the sapphire sky. She wrote her name in the clouds, addressed letters to the Elves in the sky using her own language. She explored the extent of the Elves' territory in Valinor, which was vast. And she had time: she was in no hurry to find the other dragons, not with how amazing she felt. Most of the time, that is: whenever she thought about her birth or spoke about her history (which became more and more common as her minor irritation became frustration, just to prove her pain wrong) she would get a slight ache, followed by a heavy burn and three days being bedridden. She avoided contact as a result of her pain, and therefore missed the people she loved. She also felt, for a long period of time, the ache on Frodo's heart that her blessing connected her to. Oh, how she pined to help. But that agony almost did not compare to the wonders of the land she lived on. She had never explored so much. She soared over jeweled forests, emerald bays, pale-flesh beaches, thriving marshes, and once in a while a blanket of white snow closer to the north. She flew from one end of the continent to the other, and she even found colonies and kingdoms of dragons. She never approached them, too afraid to do something so sudden and paradigm-shifting. That lasted a couple of years. She continued to fly about, but focused more on the details of what immediately surrounded her. She found caves only accessible by flight or going under the water and sandy shore, filled to the brim with glimmering diamonds of all colors. She loved those the most. "Oh, if only Frodo could see this," she whispered once. Her simple statement started an insane fantasy that Frodo would come to Valinor. She rationalized that he went through a great deal of pain; maybe someday, when he was older, he would think to come find her. Maybe Gaffer would tell him that she loved him, and he would come looking for her. She flew along the beach, dipped her wings in the water, crouched on the huge rocks bordering the beach, waiting for him to come. It was impossible, but she still died inside every time she realized she would never be with him again; she had to revert back to her imagination, thinking that maybe he would love her, that maybe if she got to know him more she would truly fall in love with him. She knew the fantasy was ridiculous. But she still watched every ship that came in, waiting for another soul to have been fortunately scooped up by the Elves. She was told by Amorhan the seer one day that Elrond's ship—bearing Gandalf and the Lady Galadriel, among other Ringbearers of note—had departed from the Grey Havens. How Amorhan knew, Sev didn't ask. She waited more anxiously on the rocks: it was the last ship to leave Middle Earth. Amorhan said a great hero rode upon the ship. This was the final Ringbearer of the One Ring, the hero that destroyed Sauron for good. She wished to meet him very much, for he had saved the world in a way no one else could have. But no matter how grand the hero, Sev would never stop missing Frodo. She perched on the rocks that morning when Gandalf and Elrond were said to arrive. The ship glided gracefully across the glassy water, proud and sleek. A swan's head came at the front, offering a sign of peace. Sev sang mournfully despite the hope she knew was ahead: she missed Frodo ever so much. She sang as though he could hear her, called to him and told him she wished to hold him in her arms—for whatever pain he'd gone through—like she had almost forty years ago. The ship approached the soft beach, landing up solid and gentle against the shore. Elrond disembarked first, followed by Gandalf, Galadriel, and Celeborn. Sev watched them wistfully; tears pricked at her eyes as she crumpled up her hope and threw it away, as she had done every time she thought him affectionate towards her. She truly could never see him again. "Frodo, would you have come?"