to startle you both. My name is Ms. Boyens. I am in charge of the girl dormitories at Arda High. Leave your luggage here. They will be at the entrance to your dorms when you get there." The sisters put down their baggage down and both of their parents walked over to them. Their mother gave them a tight embrace and when she eventually let go, Alyssa noticed tears coming out of her mother's eyes and feeling pity, she said, "Mother, please don't cry. We'll keep in touch with you and Dad often. Christmas will come by quickly." Her mother wiped the tear streaks off her cheeks and responded reassuringly, "No, it's not that. It's that, I couldn't imagine the day when you and Bethy are finally enrolling to the school where I and your father attended. These halls have held so many memories that are dear to me. Especially when I realized my feelings for your father…" She left the sentence hanging and Andrew gave his wife a small smile. Then he said to his daughters, "It has been a long time ago since I left these corridors. And yet, the memories in these halls are still clear in my mind. I hope that the both of you will have fond memories at Arda." He gave a kiss on both of his daughters' foreheads and Andrew, along with Jillian, watched their daughters take their first steps to opening the doors into a new life full of the unexpected. The couple remained until their daughters had gone out of their sight. After taking a tour around Arda, Alyssa and Elizabeth temporarily went their separate ways, with the elder sister deciding to explore the gardens and the younger checking out her dorm first. Alyssa felt tranquil when she first entered the beautiful garth. The stresses and woes of daily life waned as she further immersed herself into that state of tranquility. As she strolled into the heart of the gardens, she appreciated the natural, raw beauty of the flora surrounding her. She encountered the beauty of late roses and daylilies. She saw the beauty of large, gilded blooms that were shaped similar to pimpernels. She captured the hidden beauty of tiny, white alyssums-like flowers for which she was named for. She beheld the changing beauty of the trees whose verdant leaves were beginning to change into the warm shades of autumn. Butterflies fluttered about the florets that blossomed in the verdant shrubs and the rose bushes, and she heard the song of birds that sang to one another in the high branches of the trees. Koi fish swam underneath the transparent waters, making the water slightly agitate. Frogs croaked and hopped into the water's surface. Squirrels scattered and raced to the tree trunks when they noted the teenager's presence. She entered into a realm of a leaf strewn grove when she was jumped by surprise when he leaped off on one of the low tree branches. He landed almost gracefully, which she noticed that his back jerked slightly when landing and he was rubbing his spine area continuously. He stopped rubbing his back when his blue-grey orbs met her grey ones. Their eyes met for several silent moments until he said, in a stunned tone, "Oh, so you are new here. What is your name? Mine is Leo Greene." Alyssa replied and said, "My name is Alyssa. Alyssa Hope Strider." Leo, still stunned, then said, "Nice….to meet you." Three tales, in three different worlds. The song of the brokenhearted Lady Wilwarin, who must face the undying past. The song of two friends that must rebuild broken bonds that have broken years ago. And the song of the Lady of Telperion and the everlasting love of the Sindarin Prince. Three songs of love's struggle that are put to the greatest test of all eternity. Three songs of the different colors of love that shall become the songs of legend. The worlds that they have known, shall change forever, when total darkness is thrusted upon Arda, when Morgoth and his despicable minions terrorize the World of Men. Their worlds shall collide, through trial and peril, through aid and through various circumstances, though they may be unaware of each other's presence. The final light of this life on Arda is slowly approaching. The lands of Aman and Middle-earth are slowly dying. The Sun's burn will extinguish, the Moon's glow shall fade. The Dagor Dagorath is dawning down upon all life on Arda. The life on Arda Marred shall sing its final song. The new world of Arda Healed or Desolated shall be decided on the success or failure of love pitted against the eternal enemy of evil and malice. These songs shall weave the last, but the greatest of all songs that have been composed since the Creation of the Song of the Ainur. The song of the dusk of Eä has only sung its opening words… So, I hope you enjoyed the beginning of Legends in Time. Though Legends in Time would probably never live up to the standards of Tolkien's wonderful legendarium, I tried to retain the Tolkien essence in the story while adding my own flavor in the Middle-earth universe. In case you did not know, this story is a Modern AU. Our favorite heroes from Middle-earth will appear in this story, as well as some new faces. I hope I did not make Alyssa too Mary-Sueish during the story, so if she is one and/or becoming like one, please let me know. I would like to give thanks to all of the readers who are reading the first chapter of Legends in Time. Thank you for taking your time to read my story. It is my debut fanfic and I only started high school several days ago. My biggest thanks of all is to my sister, Hannah, who was my first reader. Ti amo, grande sorella. Farewell, until next time! - S.V. * Equivalent of an American high school sophomore.