aid far more than he. Limping heavily, so as not to put any undue weight on his leg, he hobbled toward the stretchers, his eyes sweeping over the wounded. There were nearly a dozen stretchers. A few of the Elves were unconscious, their heads lolling against the blood-stained cloaks that served as the makeshift bed, arms lying limply over their chests or hanging over the crudely hacked branches that held the cloaks taught. More were conscious than unconscious, however, and their piteous groans were audible in the sheltered courtyard. His heart twisted painfully at the sound – like cornered, dying animals. The healers were already rushing to the wounded, kneeling down on the soaked flagstones, opening their satchels to pull out bandages to press against bleeding wounds, vials with pain medicine, and thick blankets which would help to keep off the rain and stave off the chill of shock, at least for long enough for the wounded to be transported. " My lord?" It was Aelbreg, one of the older healers who had served under him ever since Eregion. The tall ellon hurried to his side, worry flickering across his fair features. "My lord, you are injured," Aelbreg exclaimed, noting the blood-soaked bandage on his leg, the long gash on his cheek, and the caved armor. " Not now, Aelbreg," he countered, brushing aside the healer's concern. "My wounds can wait. There are others who cannot." Aelbreg turned, albeit reluctantly, and then hurried to a nearby stretcher. The healer shot one last, worried glance over his shoulder at his lord, before turning his attention to the Elf with a broken spear shaft protruding from his stomach. "There are others, Celebrían," Elrond explained, head bowed, "others who are far more grievously injured than I. Should one of them die, just so that I may be afforded ease and comfort?" Elrond shook his head. "The healers are already nearly overwhelmed as it is, Celebrían. Eleven – eleven were so grievously injured that we had to carry them home on stretchers. I do not think three of them will live out the night, and I cannot hazard a guess as to the fates of the remaining eight. Two others were able to ride, but they will need surgery before the night is out if they are to keep their arms. Four more were carried by another rider. That is seventeen, Celebrían, seventeen men wounded so badly that, if they do not receive treatment tonight, they will die, or be forever maimed. That is more than a quarter of the patrol. Thirteen lie dead out there, and we were not even able to bear their bodies home. We left them to rot with the Orcs, for the carrion eaters. A cut in the leg and four broken ribs – that is the extent of my injuries. I should be among the healers, tending the wounded, not seeking treatment myself." A shudder wracked Elrond's body as the images of the dead and the maimed imposed themselves in his mind's eye. He had seen death, witnessed carnage beyond imagining, even been the cause once or twice. But even so, it still affected him, still caused him to shudder, to awake in the night in a cold sweat. Warm lips pressed against his, drawing him out of the fragmented memories. He felt a hand thread through his hair, and another gently wrap around his neck. He permitted himself to be pulled closer, and for a long moment he allowed himself to simply relax, drinking in her taste, her scent, the feel of her skin against his. "You are not weak, Elrond," Celebrían murmured, her lips just barely brushing his. He shuddered again, his eyes closing as he battled with the sudden surge of emotion. "The fact that you are still perturbed shows only that you have not hardened your heart to death and pain. Tell, me, how is that weakness?" Elrond shook his head, and took a deep breath, ignoring the pain that flared dully in his chest from the action. Somehow, she always knew precisely how to address his doubts and fears whenever they would surface. "I am sorry," he whispered. "Whatever for?" Celebrían queried, her lips still brushing his skin, one hand still in his hair. "You always seem to be picking up my broken pieces and putting them back together," Elrond answered. Celebrían laughed, and only then did she draw back. "That is not true, beloved," she said lightly. "And even if it were, you do the same for me. You have carried me farther than anyone, save perhaps my father, ever has. This is what we do," Celebrían reminded him softly, "as husband and wife. I carry you, and you carry me." Celebrían leaned in and kissed Elrond again. Elrond kissed her firmly in return, his arms wrapping around her waist, his hands dancing down her back. He pulled her closer, until she was all but sitting in his lap, her own arms twined about his neck. When at last they parted, breathing heavily, Elrond leaned his forehead against Celebrían's, and looked steadily into her pale eyes. "I love you," he said firmly. "And I love you," Celebrían replied without hesitation, her eyes ablaze. She reached up and planted a quick kiss on his lips, before pulling away, out of reach. "Even though your hair is still filthy," she teased. Elrond groaned, letting his head fall back against the wall with a thunk. While washing his hair was not the most arduous task, it did take time, especially when it was as tangled as it surely was at the moment. Celebrían easily slid from Elrond's lap, and settled onto the bench, crossing her legs. "Lay back," she ordered her husband. Elrond obeyed, allowing Celebrían to guide his head until it was resting on her shins. And carefully, lovingly, Celebrían began to wash Elrond's hair, pulling free the tangles, working free the knots, and rinsing free the mud and blood caked amid the strands.