in order to set off a striking resemblance to true composure. "Why don't you go now Jarrett?" Simon asked considerately. Jarrett sat up and cleared his throat nervously. "Um, I'm Jarrett St. Clair. I'm from Atlanta, Georgia in the United States. I'm kinda a geek. I like, you know, comic books, movies, sci-fi, fantasy and stuff. I got into archeology because I was obsessed with Indiana Jones when I was a kid. I'm twenty five….that's about it." He gave a sigh of relief and leaned back into the comforting shadow of the couch cushions. "Thanks Jarrett." Maddie acknowledged. "All we need now is the professor." "Hey professor!" Rita yelled into the narrow corridor behind them where the cabins were situated. "Come out here, you've been hauled up in there for hours!" A shaky-looking, grey-headed man wobbled out of the hallway with difficulty. "It seems to me that the waves have increased in size…" he said as he tried to keep his footing. "Come sit down professor." Simon beckoned towards the only spot of floor which wasn't already occupied. The professor willingly complied, but not without falling over everyone on the way. "There's a storm coming Professor Ferris, that's why the waves are so big." Maddie explained. The professor paled. "Oh dear. This is terrible news…terrible news indeed. I hope the crew knows what they're doing…" "Don't worry Professor. Captain Pete's a smart guy. And the crew seems experienced. I'm sure we'll be fine." She reassured him. Now why don't you introduce yourself to Jarrett. OOO The sky was black and ominous and the waves crashed over the sides of the boat violently as Pete scurried to the front of the boat where a huge box of equipment was about to come undone from the bungee cord which held it to the deck. One of the sailors cried out to him "Captain! Get back here! You're going to get washed out into the sea!" "Mind yer own business!" Pete growled "I have to make sure the young folk's machines don't get damaged!" He lumbered through the crates and pelting rain until he reached the box, which was growing closer and closer to falling out of the boat with each passing wave. As he pushed the crate back into place, Pete noticed something dark on the horizon. It was huge whatever it was. "What could that be?" he whispered to himself. He turned to the first mate that was at the wheel. "Do ye see that?" He yelled. "Do you want me to change direction captain?" Pete paused. The dark figure seemed to be sinking back down into the sea. "It's too big to be a whale…" he muttered. "What could it possibly be?" "Captain?" the first mate called again. "No, stay on course." Pete ordered. "How strange…" He whispered to himself as he staggered over the swaying deck back to the wheel. He could have sworn that it was a huge wave that stood still above all the others. OOO Below the decks, the team was reeling in seasickness and discomfort. Every time a wave struck the boat, it would send them skittering to one side, crashing into each other and hitting the walls. Robbie's forehead was bleeding from where he was slammed into the edge of the paneling face first. Maddie was curled up into a ball, hanging onto Will on one side and Erin on the other in order to anchor herself better, when the ship began to rise up, silently and ominously. All of their eyes met and they braced themselves for the impending collision with the angry sea. "Get ready guys...This one is the biggest yet" warned Maddie, tightening her hold on the waists of her friends. Jarrett cringed as he felt the boat teeter on the crest of the wave. Then slowly, the tip tilted and steadily began its perilous descent. The was a thunderous "CRACK!" and everything went black. OOO Jarrett awoke, rubbing his sore head, where he had been slammed into the wall panel. His ears buzzed and he couldn't quite see straight. He looked up and found that the lights had gone out. From within the darkness, a faint veil of light surrounded a dark figure. He heard Maddie's melodic voice chanting something over and over again. " Lasto beth nin Ulmo, daro le! Daro le!" After a few moments of the strange recitation, Jarrett noticed that the violent waves had been calmed significantly. The constant tossing had reduced to a gentle sway. The boat's lights flickered back on and Jarrett saw that the entire team was passed out on the floor…including Maddie. He heard a faint groan and saw a mop of blond hair rising from the mass of unconscious team members. Will looked around confusedly. "Hey Will…did you hear any chanting or anything when the lights were out?" Jarrett asked hesitantly. "Jarrett? Is that you? I didn't hear anything man. I was out of it." Will groaned. "That wave must have been HUGE." The other members of the team gradually began to rise. Erin rubbed her head and grinned. "Woah. That was cool." "Cool?" Robbie spoke up. "So getting your head bashed up against the side of the boat is cool now?" "Um, yeah." Erin grinned. "You have to admit that was exciting." "Whatever." Pete peeked his head into the cabin. "Everyone okay in here? That was quite the bump! I myself blacked out for a bit!" "I think we're fine Pete." Maddie assured him as she sat up and ran her hand over her head to check for bleeding. Pete nodded. "Well, now that I know you're alright, I think you should come outside and take a look at this." "What is it?" Will inquired. "I don't know, but it looks important." Pete answered with a sparkle in his eye. Maddie was already on her feet and out the door. Yes, I like cliffhangers. Sorry. So how was it? Good? Bad? Ugly? I'll take constructive criticism, but NO FLAMES. R&R!