eagerness to learn and understand. It was good to be reminded that not all men showed as little regard to other living creatures as the merchant had. At the thought of the man, Elrohir turned around. He had noted his twin recovering the man's bag and returning it to him. Now he was helping the merchant to his feet. From where he stood Elrohir couldn't quite hear their exchange but the man seemed to be almost overly courteous, more so perhaps than their help warranted. The merchant's uninjured arm took tight hold of a thick branch, which he used as a staff. It would help keep his weight of his injured foot without affecting his broken arm that Elladan had tied safely to his chest to keep it in place and limit the dangers of jostling the break. Even as Elrohir watched the merchant wished his twin farewell then turned and marched off in the opposite direction. Clearly, he was in a hurry to get away from the elves and young boy who had saved him, deeming it enough to thank the one most close to him. Interestingly he made no move to reclaim his horse. Elladan returned to his twin's side standing close enough that their shoulders were touching, a silent sign of support. Elrohir recognized it for what it was and gratefully leaned against his brother's steady frame. He knew that before long Elladan would chide him for extending so much of his healing energy on the injured merchant but for now he enjoyed the luxury of not having to support his own weight fully. "I see Estel is already making acquaintance with his new horse," Elladan said, raising his voice to make sure he would get his littlest brother's attention also. The effect was instantaneous. Estel's little head whipped around, his small curls bounding with the sudden movement. "My horse?" There was unconcealed delight and wonder in the young silver eyes. Elladan gave him a nod and a smile as confirmation. "Happy birthday, Estel." Estel practically squealed in delight, then whirled around to inform his new horse of all the apples and treats he was sure to get from now on. At Elladan's side the pieces of the puzzle fell into place for Elrohir. "So that is why he left so abruptly, he felt you overpaid and didn't want to risk you change your mind." Elladan grimaced slightly, "I fear he was not very good at placing the value of his noble steed." Elrohir understood he was not only referring to the money he had paid to buy the horse but also to the man's earlier thoughtless comments. "And yet," Elladan continued, narrowing his eyes at the pallor of his twin's skin and the way that Elrohir was still gratefully leaning against his shoulder, "you spent more energy on healing him than you should have." Elrohir sighed, he had known that Elladan would bring this up eventually. "He needed our help," he said simply, knowing that Elladan would agree. For all the worry the older twin was feeling he did not really question the choice Elrohir had made. Still the younger twin felt the need to elaborate. "He could not have walked on a broken leg and could not ride with broken bones." With a grimace he admitted: "And I really did not care to build a stretcher and accompany him home." He had had quite enough of the man's company. Elladan squeezed his brother's shoulder gently, while few elves had as much dealings with the second born than those dwelling in Rivendell, sometimes the differences between their people were made painfully clear. "Estel seems very gifted," Elladan offered, changing the topic. And together the sons of Elrond watched their adoptive brother as he ran over to his pony and gently stood in front of the small horse for a moment. He gave it a long look, reading its emotions the way he had learned to do just so recently from the bigger horse. He stretched out his small hand and carefully placed it on the pony's nose, whispering soft endearments in elvish. The pony had been Estel's for years and there was no hesitation in the equine creature as it followed his master over towards the bigger, black horse. Estel introduced horse to pony, trying to explain to each in turn how important and beautiful they both were and that they needn't worry because cook was his friend and he could always get enough apples for two horses. When Estel felt that he had explained the situation to his pony and new horse he raced over to his brothers, hugging Elladan with all the ferocity of an excited 10-year old. "Oh thank you, thank you, thank you," he repeated over and over again for a while before he collected himself and remembered to stand up straight and serious, just like Erestor had shown him. It lasted for all of five seconds. Then the young boy launched himself at his other brother, nearly toppling both of them over in his delight. After they had regained their balance somewhat Estel, tightened his hug of the younger twins midsection. "Thank you Elrohir," he said earnestly, "for teaching me to talk with horses." Elrohir returned his young brother's hug gently. "Thank you, Estel, for wanting to learn." -o0o- The memory faded, taking the remnants of remembered childhood bliss with it. Instead Aragorn was confronted once more with the grim reality of their mission, its slim chances of success. Fear, weariness, unbearable loss, he could see these in Brego's dark eyes, could practically feel the pain of the loyal horse. He had fought and he had lost and he did not deserve further suffering. The results of their quest might yet leave all of them dispirited and broken but for now, for them, for Brego, it was not too late. He turned to Eowyn once more. "Set this fellow free. He has seen enough of war." - o0 The End 0o-