back. "My mother made it for me." Oh . Stuffed . "Do you still sleep with it?" Derlic rolled his eyes and gave his little brother a hard elbow to the ribs. "Quiet, Lacks." "Ow! What?" "That's none of your business," Derlic hissed. Frodo stiffened. "As a matter of fact, I do from time to time," he returned pointedly. "Is something wrong with that?" The 't' snapped crisply like a fresh carrot. "Not at all," Derlic hastily put in before his idiot younger brother could open his mouth again. "Lacks was just curious, weren't you , Lacks?" he added sharply. "Yeah, yeah, just curious," Morilac agreed quickly. "Sorry. Didn't mean to offend." The child stared at them for a moment and then turned away, trembling just a little. "'S all right," he murmured. Cousin Esmerelda was still shaking her head as she carefully replaced everything that had been removed from the chest. Looking up she gave the three of them a stern look. "It's late. You lads ought to be getting to bed." "It's not late," Lacks protested. "Go wash your faces and brush your hairs. By the time you get back it will be late. Off with you now." She made a shooing motion at them and tossed something to Frodo. As the child caught it Derlic realised that it was a facecloth. With a tiny smile (the first that Doralic had seen from him) the lad said, "Yes, Aunt Esme," and then scanned the room anxiously for something. (Likely the washbasin.) Derlic smiled at this. He'd been pretty clever about his packing, but really, he was still just a child, barely more than a faunt. "C'mon," he smiled. "Let me show you around the room." -fjfjfjfjfjf- It was late into the night when Derlic awoke to the sound of someone sniffling. His first reaction upon finding a very warm lump curled up beside him was that Lacks had a nightmare and had crawled in bed with him. Then the lump snored. Well, that rules out that idea , Derlic thought groggily. Then who — The sniffling came again, a little bit louder. With a frown Derlic sat up slowly, being careful not to disturb his little brother, and looked around. The moon did little to light the room, and it took a minute or two before he was able to see another lump over in Lacks' bed. Who — oh, that's right . Easing himself out of bed he padded noiselessly over to the other bed and laid a cautious hand on the quivering lump. The younger lad turned with a start and even in the dark Derlic could see his white face. "Hey," he whispered. "Are you all right?" The other lad just stared at him. "Do you need me to go get Mum or Cousin Esmerelda or someone?" The child shook his head, sniffing a little. "All right..." Derlic frowned. "Do you need anything?" "Don't know," the child whispered. "Oh." Derlic was getting a bit frustrated. "Well, good night, then." He turned to leave, but the younger lad's hand shot out and grabbed his nightshirt. Startled, Derlic turned back. "Please don' go," his cousin whispered. "Ever'body keeps going an' leaving me. First Mama an' Papa, an' then Uncle Bilbo, an' now Cousin Esme an' Aunt Gilda an' ever'one." Pity twisted in Doralic's heart. He was so young, and everyone was leaving him. Eleven years old. He was practically a baby. (For the moment he ignored the fact that he, Derlic, was only four years older than that.) He found himself nodding. "All right," he whispered. "Just let me get my pillow." His cousin ( what was his name again? ) reluctantly nodded and released his grip on the front of the nightshirt. Giving the child a reassuring smile that he probably couldn't even see Derlic hurried to his own bed, grabbed his pillow, and pulled the covers down tighter around Lacks. No need for him to get cold, after all. Returning to the bed he found that his younger cousin had moved back against the wall so that there was room for two in the bed. With another smile Derlic climbed in beside the child and settled the covers over them both. No sooner had he laid down than a small hand latched onto the front of his nigthshirt again. Derlic frowned at this. "Feel better?" he asked wryly. "Mm-hm," the child mumbled. "Thank you." Derlic smiled a bit in spite of himself. "Don't mention it." The child sniffled a little and curled up tightly. Derlic could barely make out a little white blob in his arms. Must be that stuffed cat . "You know," he whispered, trying to change what had to be the direction of his little cousin's thoughts, "in all of the fuss earlier I completely forgot to introduce myself properly." He leaned back a bit (there was only so far that he could go with the child clinging to him like a leech) and gave an awkward lying-down bow. "Doralic Brandybuck at your service, although all of my friends call me Derlic." The child uncoiled and 'bowed' in return. "Frodo Baggins at yours an' that of your families," he whispered shyly. Derlic smiled. "Glad to meet you, Frodo. Hopefully I can remember that." Frodo frowned. "Why wouldn' you?" "Sometimes I have a hard time remembering names," Derlic confided. "But since you're my roommate I'm sure that I'll remember yours." "Oh." A soft giggle escaped the child, quickly lost amidst the dark of the room. Then he grew still, gazing at Derlic until the deep rythymic breathing alerted the older lad that his cousin had fallen asleep. The grip on his nightshirt did not loosen. Well, might as well make the best of it , Derlic shrugged mentally and snugged down himself, being careful not to disturb Frodo. Let's just hope that this dosen't become a habit . He drifted off to the soft sounds of his brother's snores and his cousin's breathing.