hair off of her cheek. Then he stood, preparing to leave. "Ada?" Arwen's voice was quiet and thick with the cobwebs of sleep, but Elrond still heard her plainly. He sat down on the edge of Arwen's bed and took her hand in his when she reached for him. "Yes my little Undómiel?" he asked. Arwen's nose wrinkled slightly as she tried to recall what it was that she had so desperately meant to ask her father. Yet she could not seem to remember, her thoughts rolling over in her mind lethargically. Elrond waited patiently, knowing that she would find what it was that she wished to say sooner or later. "Were you scared?" Arwen asked suddenly, her thoughts clicking into place. She looked up at her father, silver eyes so much like his meeting his own. "The story that Elladan told," she clarified after a second, "Did it scare you?" Elrond opened his mouth, ready to tell Arwen that no, he had not been scared. But then something stopped him, although he knew not what it was, and he closed his mouth. He inspected his daughter's face for a long moment, suddenly unsure of what to say. What could he tell his daughter? Not the truth, that much was undeniable. He had never even told Celebrían all that had happened to him during the time that he had been under Vorgod's "care", and the events of the second night of his captivity had always been one of the omitted parts. How could he ever tell his daughter – his young and innocent daughter – the truth? "Yes, iel nîn," Elrond finally admitted, "Their story frightened me." Arwen sat up and, after wriggling out from beneath her blankets, climbed over to Elrond and crawled into his lap. Wrapping her arms around his stomach as far as they could go, she hugged him fiercely, laying her cheek against his sternum. Elrond in turn wrapped his own arms around her much smaller body and hugged her in return. "It is all right to be scared sometimes Ada," Arwen murmured up to him. "Just do not let the fear control you." Elrond felt as if his chest was closing up and found that it was suddenly difficult for him to breathe. He swallowed with some difficulty, forcing away the tears that threatened to fall. "It is all right to cry too," Arwen added. "When did my little Undómiel get to be so wise?" Elrond asked softly, gently stroking her hair. "It is what you always tell me," Arwen told him simply. "Like the time that I scraped my knee, and when I have the bad dream." Elrond smiled then, although it was a smile that was laced with aged sorrow, and gently dropped a kiss on the top of his daughter's head. "Thank you, iel nîn," Elrond whispered. "And now," he said, his voice stronger and more normal, "I think it is time for you to go back to sleep." Arwen grudgingly released her hold and slid off of Elrond's lap, climbing back into her nest of blankets. She looked up at her father adoringly as he leaned over to kiss her on the forehead once more, and then tucked the blankets more firmly around her. "Good night, my little Undómiel," Elrond murmured. "Good night Ada," Arwen replied. "I love you." "I love you too," Elrond said with a small smile. Arwen smiled back, and then closed her eyes, snuggling against her pillow. They opened again a moment later, but in the half-lidded version of elven dreams. Elrond stood and crossed to the door, opening it gently. As he prepared to leave, he turned back and glanced at his daughter one final time. Something in him constricted again, and once more he felt the painful brush of tears. He pushed them away stubbornly, and slipped out of the door, closing it silently behind him. He was out in the hall when Arwen's words drifted back to him . "It is all right to cry too," she had said. "Just do not let the fear control you." Without warning, it felt as if all of his barriers and walls had been torn down. He felt naked and vulnerable, as if his heart was crying and all could hear. It felt as if his mask had been torn away, leaving behind only him, Elrond, who still felt the scars even all these years later. Yes, they had faded, and they troubled him little on most days, yet tonight, now, it felt as if they were new-made, raw and bleeding. Elrond covered his face with his hands, tremors overtaking his body. He fell against the wall and slid slowly down until he was crouching on the floor, his back pressed firmly to the wood panels. He was trembling, elbows braced against his knees and his shoulders heaving. It took a long moment for him to realize that he was sobbing silently. And with that realization came an unexpected sense of freedom, and he began to truly weep. And for the first time he wept without the bitterness and the anger that had held his heart captive all those long years staining his tears. Celeborn found him there a few moments later, curled into a fetal position on the floor outside of Arwen's door. Without question, he gathered the sobbing peredhel into his arms and rocked him slowly, much as he would a small child, allowed him to cry into his shoulder. As Elrond sobs slowly began to ease, Celeborn looked up, his eyes on the door leading to Arwen's room. A small smile crept onto his face as he put together what had, or at least had likely, happened. She would never know what it was that she had done for her father, what she had managed to do where so many others had failed. Yet she would never need to know, and in a way, that made her gift of healing all the more powerful.