eyes going wide as he heard his full name. "How…" he began, involuntarily taking a half step away from the shining figures in the doorway. Callombel's smile did not falter as he turned away, and took Celebrían's hand once more. "Come, Lady Celebrían," he said, "let us depart." Celebrían nodded mutely, and followed the guard out into the night. He did not release her hand until they were off the main thoroughfare. Even so, he did not speak, merely stared straight ahead as he half-guided, half-shepherded her back toward the Citadel. Neither of them spoke a word. ~oOo~ "I thanked Callombel at the gate," Celebrían finished. "Thanked him, and then fled." She ducked her head, seeking to hide the faint blush that stained her cheeks pink by burying her face in her hands once more. "And now you know," she whispered. She laughed bitterly, although the sound was muffled by her hands. "So, do you think me a fool?" Celebrían felt Elrond's hands on her wrists, and then he was pulling her hands away from her face. She looked up slowly, eyes stinging with unexpected tears and her throat feeling unusually tight, as if she could barely breathe. I am afraid, she thought numbly. Again, I am afraid. I am afraid of what he will say. What if he does think me a fool? What then? The faintest tinges of despair, which had been kept at bay by the mortification of recounting her tale, crept into her heart. Suddenly, she was not sure if she could even meet his steady, silver gaze. She was not sure she could stand to see the emotion there – or even worse, the absence of emotion. "Never a fool," she heard him say, voice soft and strangely hoarse. The wind bent around his hand as he cupped her cheek and drew her face up, although still she refused to meet his eyes. She could not bring herself to do so. "Celebrían…" Despite herself, her tears spilled forth. The care in his voice, the warmth of his touch, the way the very wind itself seemed to caress her forehead in a gentle kiss…no longer could she keep her tears at bay. Fingers, calloused but yet still soft and gentle, wiping at her cheeks, carefully cleaning the tears away. "Hush, Celebrían," Elrond crooned softly, wrapping his arms around her shoulders and drawing her to his chest. Celebrían did not fight, turning into him and burying her face into his shoulder as all of her emotions from the night came pouring out – the fear, the shame, the anger, all released as a flood through a broken dam. "I am sorry," she sniffed wetly, at last pulling away, and reaching up to wipe her own cheeks. The wind, which whipped suddenly around her, tugging at her hair once more, chilling the teardrops still clinging to her skin. "I do not normally…I mean…" Elrond's smile was kind, and yet not patronizing or pitying. "I know," he said softly. Swinging his legs over the wall, Elrond hopped nimbly down to the grass on the other side of the thousand-foot drop. Then he held out a hand to Celebrían. With only a second's hesitation, she placed her hand in his, and allowed him to help her stand, and then drop down beside him. To her surprise, Elrond did not immediately release her hand. Instead, his hold tightened for an instant, and when she glanced up at him, she caught the full weight of his silver gaze. She could not breathe, so intense was his look, the emotions that clouded his normally even gaze unreadable. Elrond blinked, and Celebrían could look away. Releasing her hand, Elrond turned and stepped away from the wall. Celebrían turned after him, but did not follow as he stopped a few paces away. "Thank you, Celebrían," Elrond said after a moment of singing silence. He turned, and he was smiling, the unreadable emotions wiped clean from his eyes. The infuriatingly still and emotionless mask was back in place, hiding his thoughts and feelings behind cool, steady silver. "I am glad that you feel you can trust me." "It is I who should be thanking you," Celebrían said quietly, her words barely audible over the song of the wind. She stepped forward hesitantly. "Thank you, Elrond," she whispered. She smiled. "Thank you." A flicker of indecision flashed across Elrond's face, and his right hand twitched, as if he yearned to reach for her. His breath caught, and for an instant, that unreadable and crushing weight reared in Elrond's eyes once more, like a wild flame roaring to life. Celebrían felt her own breath catch, her heart stilling in her breast as, for half a heartbeat. For an instant – for a fraction of a heartbeat – it felt as if she could see down into Elrond's very soul, could read every fear and hope and longing there. And then it was gone, and Celebrían could breathe once more. Strangely, Celebrían wanted to weep, as if in sudden loss – as if some warmth had been torn away from her very soul, leaving her barren and cold and alone. "Come," Elrond said, voice strangely hoarse. He offered an arm courteously with a small bow and a soft smile. "If we do not both return soon, Glorfindel will fret himself into a second grave." Celebrían laughed, and was surprised at just how easily the laughter came, bubbling up from her chest like a spring of cool, refreshing spring water. With a smile and a playful half-curtsy, Celebrían took Elrond's arm, turning with him and allowing him to escort her down the path toward the brightly lit windows at the far end of the gardens. Above the stars shone white and blue, and the wind sang as it danced around the white stones, rejoicing. The night was bright and filled with joy. And as Celebrían laughed, it seemed to her as if the stars and the wind itself joined her.