A few minutes later, Elrond repeated almost the exact same words. Elladan, now dressed in the dry clothes stepped over to his brother's bedside and sat down in the chair that either Glorfindel or his father had placed there in anticipation of his actions. "I will rest," he promised tiredly, looking up at his father who was standing by the door, waiting for the words. "Soon." Not just yet. He knew that rest would elude him right now even if he sought it. Exhaustion was pulling at his senses and turning his limbs to lead weights but for a moment longer he needed to confirm for himself what Glorfindel and his father were saying. Elrohir would be fine. His injury had never been threatening. Yet in the dark and terror of the storm outside the village, when Elladan had fought to bring his brother home and the only sign of consciousness from his brother had been the flashes of pain that crossed his face, Elladan had doubted that. His frightened mind had conjured up images that were far worse than the truth, thoughts of dangerous injuries that his brother may be hiding had invaded his thoughts and had been his only companion beside the steady rain and the howling winds. Now, Elladan needed to replace those images with the reassuring sight of his brother. Home. Breathing. Healing. The sound of the door closing, suggested that his words had been good enough for their father, and Elladan rested his head on his brother's bed, listening to Elrohir's soft breaths. He had almost dozed off when a new sound reached his ears. Something was outside the doors. With some effort he got back to his feet and went to the doors. What he found on the other side came as a surprise. "Estel?" "'Dan!" The young human recovered from his obvious fright quickly and gave him a quick hug before bursting into a rush of words that his tired mind had trouble following. "… Where is 'Ro? Is he alright?" That he did understand. "Elrohir is sleeping." He answered. Estel dashed into the room even before Elladan could add: "He will be fine." The affection of their adopted brother warmed his heart. Never before had an heir of Elros been this close to his family, though Rivendell had fostered many of them. Estel truly was their little brother in all but blood. Before Elladan could turn to follow Estel into the room hurried footsteps alerted him of another approach. He waited for Erestor to reach the door and wasn't surprised to see the worry on the advisor's face. He might have expected that Estel had not bothered to ask for permission in his haste to come and see his brothers. "He is here, Erestor." Elladan reassured the advisor. "If the lady Gilraen will permit it, I will keep an eye on him and make sure he gets his rest." Relief was clear in the older elf's gaze as he nodded. "I will inform her." For a moment he mustered Elladan silently, probably noting his exhaustion. "How is Elrohir?" "Resting, thanks to one of adar's potions. He will be sore for a few days, but the Valar were watching over him once more." Elladan did not truly want to consider what could have happened to Elrohir in the fall, the images his mind had provided during his trek through the storm had done quite a good job of it already. Instead, he settled for being grateful that things had turned out the way they had. "That is good to hear, tithen pen. Remember to rest yourself once you have seen to Estel." Elladan resisted the urge to sigh at the repeated reminder to rest and simply nodded as Erestor turned around to find Gilraen. When the older twin turned back towards the infirmary he found Estel had already crawled up on the bed next to his twin and was looking at Elrohir intently. Or at something on Elrohir's chest. Had something just moved under Elrohir's blanket? Suddenly alert, the elf crossed the room to get to his brothers. There was an unmistakable bump under the blanket and as he watched it moved again – turning this way and that in an obvious attempt to get out from under the blanket that trapped it. When he looked up at Estel, the young boy started squirming. "I thought Elrohir would feel better with someone to keep him company, so I brought Freckles to keep him warm. And he couldn't really stay in my room, I gave him my milk and meat but Nana was getting suspicious and -" Elladan lifted the blanket carefully to look into the eyes of a mildly confused kitten. Despite himself, he found himself laughing at the disgruntled cat and the hopeful look on his young brother's face. "That is a nice thought Estel." Estel practically beamed when he said the words. "However, the Houses of Healing are no place for a pet. You should keep Freckles in your room." Elladan did not expect Estel's reaction. The boy's eyes lit up with joy and happiness at his statement, and he practically jumped off the bed to throw himself at the older twin, hugging his legs fiercely. "Really? I can keep him in my room? Thank you Elladan!" Realization of what he had just done dawned on Elladan when Estel climbed back up onto the bed, lifted his cat off of Elrohir's chest and ran out of the room in an excited rush. "I'll go and tell Nana! And Ada! And then Glorfy can make toys for Freckles and I'm sure cook will give him some honey cakes. And Restor -" Estel was still rambling gleefully as he sped out of the healing room to search for his mother. An all new sort of dread settled in Elladan's limbs and suddenly he was very envious of his twin, who would sleep through the chaos that was sure to ensue. -o0o- The End