"You are in need of aid, and I will give it. Tell me, how old are you? You should not be alone here, and you should not have come to this place." He studied her face as she crept away from him internally, and her mind began a debate. She would proceed very carefully. "I am twelve winters, sir. There are many things that should not be done, but it does not stop anyone and it did not stop me. Where else would I go? Not to the elves, for I am not one of their kind and do not know how to approach them. I must go where someone might listen, might know, but I see that perhaps it was foolish of me to even try to discover my purpose." A long drawn out pause afterwards, where he saw her rise from her seat and strike a glance of him. It was defiance, and of what even she did not know, but it was a blaze of glory to achieve her dreams. "Your parents are those who must care for you. Are you an orphan?" "No, Gandalf. They are the reason I came here, for their hate for me is rooted from one thing that no one knows about. I trekked here to find someone who does. It was hard getting here. I had to steal money just to pay for someone to take me here, but that is not important now. Anyway, do you happen to know anything about dragons? Nobody here is offering anything on the matter, what with that dragon and the dwarves." Her every word was hesitant and afraid that his face might lose its soft composure of wisdom and age. "Dragons? What might you be in need of knowledge of dragons for other than bedtime stories?" She looked around at the people that slowly passed by, and they were out of earshot. "My parents told me that everyone was warned about someone like me. They say that a 'Ghost er' is plaguing me. Is it some sort of plague? What is a 'Ghost er'? Anyone who is not like me, not adults, I mean, keeps saying that. I do not understand." She displayed confusion, but her heart beat quickly with anxiety. ' Ghost er'? A strange thing. Though with the way she said it, it was a name, not a phrase. He came to a grim realization that she was indeed talking of a name. Minas Tirith must have been especially wary when the people from the west of the Iron Hills traveled there to spread news of a prophecy carved in stone… Now, his heart fell for the young girl. He did not quite understand how her parents could have known that an ancient dragon's soul lived inside her, nor why they stayed their hands. To harm a child was heinous, but Gostir was always treated like a monster that must be exterminated as soon as he appears again. His wonder caused his voice to deepen. "And how could they have known that this 'Ghost er' was plaguing you, as you say?" "Well," she drew closer to him to speak in a hushed voice. "One day, as I was helping my mother prepare food, there came a knock upon our door. I answered at my mother's beckon, and outside there were some cruel children who loved to belittle me and throw dirt at me. They started to call me names, and instead of being sad, I got really angry. I felt really warm, like I could explode, and as soon as I opened my mouth, there was fire in my voice! I do not know how I did it, I swear! It was enough to make my mother run for me and the children outside. I looked up at her for consolation, but there was only…" Her voice trembled, and she pulled away from him. "Disgust. Like I was foreign." Shaking her head, she sat upon a bench. "I should not have told you. It is not a good thing, I know. Once people heard about what happened, they knew something I did not and whatever it was is not good." What could he do with the child was now the question at large. It was obvious that no one would take her in, and that she could not control whatever it was that brought out the unnatural part of her. "I am here to help you, but you cannot stay here. I believe that I know what troubles you greatly, but you must learn to control it." "What am I to do? Where can I go?" She looked to him for guidance, the innocence of purity in her eyes that clouded everything within her. "I will find somewhere for you to live, and I will help you to understand. You cannot return to your parents, nor tell anyone of this. Trust can dissolve easily with those who know what true fear feels like instilled inside of them." He was apprehensive, but had little choice. She must be protected, from others and more importantly, herself. Balance must be found. "I have no choice, and thank you for your help, but why will people hate if they know something like that happened? In the darkest recesses of herself, she knew the reason even if her consciousness couldn't delve into its murky waters. "You are a fire breather, with a strong grasp on freedom and strength, but with so much to hold your life in the balance." Author's Note Jeez. This fanfic is so much smaller in person than it originally was. Forgive my sinning by not indenting my paragraphs, though they are indented in the original doc. Oh, formatting, or maybe it's just because I'm a novice. Anyway, reviews are appreciated, I hope you enjoyed. This fanfic (I hope) will be updated every week since school is starting and I'll be busy. Currently I'm almost done with the third chapter. Until then, fellow fangirls/boys!