"The blade that cut the ring off Sauron's hand…" He trailed his fingers up the jagged edges, the metal slicing a cut into his pointer finger; Boromir marveled at the sharp pain and the blood that had begun to drip down his finger. "Still sharp…" Once again, he became aware of the heavy gaze of the man in the room, who was still watching him. Swallowing thickly, Boromir licked his suddenly dry lips, feeling as though he'd somehow… insulted the man. "But no more than a broken heirloom." He hastily placed it back onto the statue, where it teetered on the edge and then it clattered to the ground with loud metallic clangs. Boromir froze at the sounds as he began to walk away; he glanced over his shoulder as if contemplating whether he should go back and replace it properly. His decision was to ignore it, disappearing into the night-blanketed halls. The man rose to his feet and shut his book, feet quietly padding across the stone floor as he crossed to the statue. Bending over, he picked up the hilt with steady hands, carefully replacing it where it was meant to lie, with the remaining shards of Narsil. He stared at the shattered blade as he took a step back from the statue, one hand resting on his stomach. Rayne jogged up a set of smooth stairs having spotted the figure of a man on a balcony; she'd gone to speak to Boromir and found that he had disappeared from his room. She wanted to have words with him about the Council before she went to bed and intended to find him. So hoping the man she saw was Boromir, she'd climbed the steps and rounded a corner… only to discover she'd run into someone she completely didn't know. She saw a man standing before a statue of Isildur-he was a very handsome man and she suddenly felt very aware that she was wandering around Rivendell in nothing but her nightgown and a thin robe. The man looked over at her when he heard her approach, and she paused, eyes widening as she realized it was definitely not her cousin. He wore a tunic that was such a rich dark blue it nearly blended in with the shadows around them and the only thing that distinguished the color was the moonlight that also illuminated his features. The man had a strong jaw that was covered in a skin-close beard and his eyes were a steel-blue that held an intensity behind them that captivated her. "Oh, pardon my intrusion, I thought you were my cousin," she apologized quickly, tucking a long strand of hair behind her ear. The man smiled kindly, inclining his head towards her. "You caused no intrusion, milady. But I believe I may have just spoken to your cousin; he left not a moment ago just to your right," he said helpfully, clasping both hands behind his back. Rayne looked in the aforementioned direction and nodded. "Thank you very much; he is a hard man to keep track of… oh, forgive my manners I have not introduced myself. I am Rayne of Gondor," Rayne said in introduction, dipping into a small curtsey. The man faced her squarely with a small smile and bent forward in a slight bow. "A pleasure to make your acquaintance, Rayne of Gondor. I am merely known as Strider," Strider replied, straightening up while meeting her gaze. Rayne returned his small smile as she clasped the front of her robe closed. "I would like to thank you once more for your help, Strider. I am very pleased to have met your acquaintance. I suppose I may see you again in my time in Rivendell, especially if you are attending the Council. Goodnight, Strider," she told him, inclining her head towards him before quickly heading to the right, her loose hair catching in the breeze and glowing in the moonlight. OOOO "Honestly, you are probably the only woman to get ready that fast," Boromir commented the next day, striding into Rayne's room after she'd called out she was decent. Rayne rolled her eyes as she stood before her mirror, anxiously tugging on the skirt of her dress. It had honestly been months since she'd donned and properly worn a dress; traveling on horseback was easier when wearing trousers and tunics rather than skirts and bodices. The dress she wore was créme colored covered with gorgeous expanses of golden embroidery and gold trim on the hemlines; the sleeves billowed about her arms and the train of the dress was modest in length, something she was used to, so she would at least not trip over it when she walked. Next on her mental list to make sure she looked decent were the braids on either side of her face that were pulled back and pinned together at the back of her head; one of them was slightly crooked, so she straightened them out, tugged at the square neckline of the dress and let out a sigh. "Am I? I have actually been trying to make myself look presentable for at least an hour or two," she murmured, smoothing out the fabric on her stomach nervously. Boromir stepped up behind her and placed his large hands atop her shoulders, squeezing them as he met her gaze in the mirror. "You look lovely, I assure you," he told her, kissing the side of her head, "Now, come, or we will be late for the Council." Afterword: Hello, readers! This is the first chapter of this story should I decide to continue to write it, and I really would; I got an idea for Rayne when watching Two Towers a couple weeks back and I finally decided to sit down and edit through this first chapter. There wasn't much Aragorn in this chapter, but he'll be more present in the next couple chapters, hopefully, should I continue :) Thanks for taking the time to read, guys! ~Mary