going, and glued her to Pippin's side despite the selfish sensation of nausea that was welling up within her gut. Close to half an hour later, Pippin was sitting upright once again. His shoulders had loosed themselves of their previous tension, and his wounds were no longer paining him severely. Bandages wound themselves around his torso, making him look very much like a mummy from the neck down... Aimer couldn't help noticing that the gauze and pads of cotton dotting his skin also gave him the appearance of a warrior come home home from battle. Her heart fluttered wildly in her chest. Pippin looked up at her suddenly with his dazzling eyes. She must have gulped a little too loud. "Is everything alright, Aimer?" he asked, concern written in every crease of his face. "Oh yes, everything's fine! The true question is are you alright? Does everything feel at least close to normal?" Pippin wiggled around slightly in his new cloak of gauze and sticky tape. He patted down both of his sides to insure that everything was snug, and looked up at her with his old, goofy grin. "Well, that's a relief.", she breathed as she smiled back at him shyly. "I was beginning to think that I would never see that chubby face of yours light up again!" She pinched both of his cheeks playfully, and when she pulled back his lower lip was tucked into a feigned puppy dog pout. "Could it be that you're calling me fat, Madame?" He said sarcastically as his eyes gazed into hers playfully. "Though I will admit... a bucket or two of farmer Maggot's mushrooms sounds absolutely lovely right about now!" Aimer couldn't help but laugh and twist her face into a huge smile. Here Pippin was, after experiencing such intense pain, acting like his old self. That was one of the many things she has always admired strongly about his character... Though situations might indeed grow tough at times, Pippin never backed down and gave up hope. He was always willing to go on and persevere, no matter the toils and snares that lie in wait for him. It was this very motivation and hope that had led him to journey with Frodo to destroy the ring after all... He would do anything necessary to help a friend in need. And this was a very dangerous thought. Aimer's face grew grave, and a line of worry crossed her forehead once again. She simply could not imagine Pippin forfeiting his life one day, trying to save someone as unimportant and miniscule as herself. She couldn't bear to think of it. She lifted a hand to Pippin's cheek, and his face turned serious once again. His fit of childish giggles had stopped, and he was gazing at her with such curiosity, as if trying to decipher her every thought in that one moment. They both leaned towards one another, Aimer's soft hand cradling his cheek, his hand reaching out to take hers. Just as their lips were about to touch, Pippin winced in pain. "What a fool!" Aimer thought to herself as she allowed the blush to leave her face. She had forgotten to treat and bandage the slash that still ran across Pippin's once innocent and carefree face. Unthinking, Aimer instinctively raised the wet rag once again to the crimson flesh. Her fingers were still shaking, and her heart seemed nearly to pound out of her chest with every shallow breath she took... Their lips had been moments away from meeting. What was she thinking? Pippin was her best friend, and nothing more... Right? As if in answer to this pressing question, Pippin reached up and grabbed her by the wrist. His grasp remained firm and demanding as he searched her soul once again with his eyes. They seemed to be asking a silent question, and Aimer could certainly guess what it was. Did she love him? She felt his eyes squint in pain as she wiped the dried blood from his cheek. His fingers remained poised around her wrist as she worked her way down to the corner of his lips. By this point, their faces were so close together, that Pippin could smell the sweet fragrance of her golden hair... The hair that wound it's way in tight ringlets to just below the tips of her shoulders, and reflected the light of the sun that was coming through his bedside window. She looked absolutely stunning. Aimer was thinking romantic thoughts of her own at this point. Pippin's breath came in shallow little gulps, tickling her neck and sending shivers up her spine. Her eyes lowered slightly until they were directly in front of his. "All better?" she whispered almost inaudibly as she lowered her hand from Pippin's cheek. In a span of time almost too quick for her to think straight, Pippin had pressed his lips firmly against her own. His wounded hand still remained grasping her wrist, but his other had her by the back of the head, running his fingers hungrily through her hair. Jolts went up her spine. This was the most physical contact she had ever had with another hobbit... Much less with young, innocent Pippin. She couldn't resist the urge to kiss him back, nearly knocking him over in the process. Pippin thought her lips tasted like roses, if the scent of flowers could be turned into a flavor. They were soft and gentle... Unlike anything he had imagined they would be. He didn't want to stop, but... "Aimer..." He finally managed to gasp, gulping in oxygen as the word escaped his lips. "I... I don't know..." Pippin's cheeks were a flaming red. Aimer had never seen him this flustered before... It was so cute the way he was staring at her wide eyed, just like the Pippin she had always known. "Fool of a Took." She murmured. "Get your rest." And with that, she left the room, her golden curls trailing behind her.