of it soon enough – and not to worry..." She pointed yonder to the north of the field, where a cluster of trees gathered towards a closed off orchard. "I saw her head off in that direction not twenty minutes ago." Dinodas thanked her and set out for the trees, not knowing whether to feel angry or relieved. He was even unsure how he was going to address his sister when he saw her – but overall this was not a surprise to him. Everyone in their family (and more besides) knew of her unprompted ways. A little figure sat in the nearest tree before him, crouching on a steady branch. Her hand was poised and it gripped firmly around another above her. She smiled and waved brightly as Dinodas strolled up to her. "Primula! Have you been here all this time?" he demanded, flabbergasted with disbelief. He stared at her, wanting to rub at his eyes. "What are you doing up in that tree! Don't you realise you're wearing your best clothes?" "I'm not sitting on them," she replied back obstinately, lifting back her dress to display it perfectly clean and unharmed. She appeared rather like a sweet dessert, in her colours of peaches and cream, and soft ribbons. Her feet were poised so carefully on the branch as she had been admiring the view, too. It was unlike most hobbits to go climbing trees...some could be accounted for their clumsiness. Primula fastened her other hand now around the branch. She leant forward, the dappled sun through the leaves catching those rosy cheeks of hers. "Did they send you to come looking for me, again? Were they worrying?" Dinodas nodded now, a ripe look in his blue eyes. "They had great reason to. We all wondered what had become of you. You just go and come whenever you please...there's no use in telling where you will be and when." He spoke this last part as he took a short step towards the tree, leaning his hand against it as he overlooked the landscape. He could see the magnificent maypole dotted below the clouds. "Well, they needn't have bothered," she said, with something like declaration in her voice. "They ought to have trusted – why would I miss out on a day so...so important as this! This - " she gestured out with her hand to span the many tables of food and flowers, and the majestic streamers that hung across wooden stakes in the ground. "- well, this is all for Rory," she finished, with a faint smile. "All of it." "It's all come so quickly," her brother agreed, for the first time expressing his inner feelings towards the matter. Talking with Primula always helped him feel comfortable, for she was true to her secrets and never laughed at his opinions. "I can still remember him showing us lads the best way to split logs in two – when he was naught but a few years younger than you, sister. He took pride in those little things." Primula nodded carefully, a faint smile on her lips. Rory took a great pride in everything, she thought to herself. Especially Menegilda. He cherishes her. He deserves all of this. The gentle breeze picked up again, rich and blissful on the outskirts of the orchard. The aroma of ripe apples drifted their way, reminding them of the bountiful spring. Primula loved the smell of the season – when the pink blossoms fell from the trees and floated like gentle pink feathers to the ground. "What a grand time to be wed," Dinodas added, taking in the delights. His sister never answered, but inside she silently agreed. A grand time...of course it is. Beautiful too. A pleasant grin came over her face then, and she turned to stare into the round eyes of her brother. Her soft, brown curls bounced behind her head. "Are you still angry at me?" she teased. Dinodas had completely forgotten all about his annoyance with her. He tried not to be sucked into those bright, innocent blue eyes of hers. "No, I suppose I was never really angry, " he admitted with a smirk and a shrug of the shoulders. "Worried, but not angry. You have hardly done anything to be angry about, have you?" He bent to pick up a shiny pebble, glinting in the grass at his feet, but Primula's ripe, seasoned laugh startled him. "I knew it," she accused playfully, lowering herself carefully to the ground, and making sure that her skirts did not catch roughly on any sharp branches. She gave Dinodas a light, mischievous shove on the arm, causing her to finally gain his attention. "I knew you were! I can read you like a book, you know." She crossed her arms, mocking him. He stood by her side, frowning a little and asking himself again and again what was the importance of sisters in the first place. All they did was set out to ridicule their siblings in meaningless pranks, well – when they were Primula's age they did. After they picked up a sewing needle he doubted they ever went back. "Oh, can you now?" "Yes, but it's not that interesting. Full of drivel and utter nonsense." "Oh, you - " A sweet light fell across her eyes and she took off towards the wedding field, lifting her skirts from the damp grass and letting her voice call down the hill as she went. "Come on! Come on!" Dinodas sighed and followed, watching her race down in delight to join in the sounds of laughter, and applause, her ribbons trailing in the wind. It was times like these, that he saw his family as quite relaxed and ordinary hobbits. It was strange then, how peculiar they were rumoured to be, those Brandybucks. Months in the Shire Calendar Afteryule: January Solmath: February Rethe: March Astron: April Thrimidge: May Forelithe: June Afterlithe: July Wedmath: August Halimath: September Winterfilth: October Blotmath: November Foreyule: December