no one was looking. Eventually he discovered the passageway into the caverns and from then his life of secrecy became easier. Many stores and belongings were left behind in the caverns; blankets and lanterns, dry-goods and clothes, utensils and baskets, tools and kindling and straw pallets. He camped in a small sandy floored cavern, half way between the Keep and the exit into the mountain. He used his lantern and candles only to navigate his way about the caverns. He welcomed the cocooning darkness of his secret hideaway. Out in the mountain he also set up a small campsite in a sheltered alcove and only there did he dare light a fire to cook his meagre rations and heat water. He slept mainly by day in the welcoming blackness of the cavern, emerging at dusk to warm himself a meal and wash in the frigid waters that fed the Deeping stream. As a shepherd's son he was used to spending days and nights alone in the hills and for the most part his solitude did not discomfort him. He welcomed the isolation, for alone there was only himself to condemn his shameful past. He would not allow himself the weakness of tears nor the relief of grieving for his lost family or his home or for the brave Rider whose life he had stolen. Sometimes when his thoughts were very dark his head would pound, the pain radiating from his temple until it circled his head in a crushing band of agony, making him sick and dizzy. He had nothing to ease the pain and could only lie on his pallet in the dark until sleep would free him from its grip. He found several ways to slip into the Hornburg unnoticed, though his usual point of egress was the passageway from the caverns into the Keep. The door was not bolted and he devised a way to release the latch from cavern side. Usually he came in the dead of night but if he was desperate for company, for the sound of men's voices, he would enter earlier and secrete himself behind one of the many banners lining the walls of the great hall. There he could listen to the telling of tales and the singing and he could pretend that he was not alone. When the men finally dispersed to their rest he would scavenge the leftover food and ale and warm himself by the dying fire. He didn't want to add theft to his many crimes so he began leaving small gifts and offerings to the men of the Keep. He hunted with a slingshot and with snares and fishing line and as spring turned to summer game became more plentiful and when summer flowers bloomed in the high mountain vales he collected posies to place on the battlements where the old man had fallen. He overheard the men talking about him and puzzling over his presence and several times he heard Gamling ordering his Riders to search the caverns for the 'phantom' but the men were noisy and announced their presence long before they neared his secluded hideaway and he had ample time to slip away into the mountains and they never found trace of him. And then one day when Helm's Deep played host to a mighty gathering he heard two strange voices whispering within the caverns. The strangers moved on unnaturally quiet feet and they were close by before he had an opportunity to flee into the mountains. He huddled down in his cave, barely daring to breath for fear of giving himself away. He heard their voices draw closer as the light of their lanterns reflected off the jewelled walls but their search stopped short of his hideaway and their light did not penetrate into the cave he called home. For a long time after they went away he didn't dare to move, afraid they would come back and find him and only slowly did his anxiety and fear of discovery leave him. When he finally dared to leave his dark cavern he ventured into the waning light of day. He made no attempt that night to approach the Hornburg, too many men and elves still camped behind safety of the Dike. He ate a cold meal, not daring a fire. The earlier alarm had left him strangely exhausted and barely had the moon risen above the mountain peaks before he made his way by secret paths back to the security of the caverns. On silent feet a shadowed figure wreathed in the Elven cloth of Lórien followed him at a distance. Before he had time to settle himself within his sanctuary and dowse his candle the ethereal creature was before him; the apparition held no candle or lantern of his own but a feint light shone about him adding to his ghostly appearance. The boy scrambled backward in terror, clutching his skinning knife to his chest. The figure spoke to him but he could not discern the words. In his panic he knocked over his candle, plunging the caverns into darkness, highlighting the glow from the figure before him. A click of a flint and two lanterns flickered to life bringing light into the darkness. "Peace, I mean you no harm!" the being spoke and now the boy recognised him as an Elf. "My name is Legolas, will you not give me your name?" he urged kindly but the boy only cowered and gave no reply. The Elf continued to speak softly to him and the boy relaxed slightly but every time the Elf edged closer to him the boy's grip on the knife tightened. Legolas continued his one-sided dialogue, quietly but firmly urging the boy's trust and when he finally held his hand out for the knife the boy handed it over without a murmur. But that moment of small surrender was more than the boy's tightly wound resilience could stand and he collapsed, abandoning himself into the Elf's custody. oooOOOooo