was told and was lying across his bed on his stomach, sheet covering his lower half and his hair spread out across the pillows he'd captured. He was smiling lazily at him with hooded eyes. Thranduil smiled back softly and placed the things on the floor and took off his leggings, sighing in relief when they were off. He picked the things up and placed them on the bed carefully, arranging the pillows so that when they were loving one another, Elrond wouldn't have any pain or be uncomfortable. He placed the oil on the table beside the bed, Elrond's eyes following his every move. He was smirking cheekily. Thranduil smiled back and climbed onto the bed slowly, kissing Elrond as he did so. "Mmmm you taste good," he said against his lovers lips. Elrond smiled and rolled onto his back, settling amongst the many pillows, Thranduil settling between his sheet-clad legs. "I try my best," he said softly as his King began to lick and suck his neck, hands roaming his chest. Elrond pushed the sheet as far down as he could with the blonde lying on it, and spread his legs further. When his hardness came into contact with his lovers, he shook and rolled his head back. Thranduil stopped sucking on his neck to moan loudly, looking down at the cause he almost came right there. There was no time for foreplay this time unfortunately and so, he positioned some green pillows under Elrond's hips and reached for the oil. Only when I stop to think about you, I know Only when you stop to think about me, Do you know? Once Elrond had been able to accept Thranduil's first two fingers, the King teased him a little by stroking the hidden gland within the Lord. While he pinched the base of his lovers cock, he kissed the head and every now and then, licked smoothly. The Lord at those moments, really hated the King. But then, he would love him again. Once he had been tortured and prepared enough, the King sat back on his heels and observed his Lord. He was sweating, panting and extremely aroused and he looked absolutely beautiful. Thranduil coated himself with the oil and positioned himself at Elrond's entrance, ready to breech. "Are you ready for me?" he asked softly. He got a moan and a nod, "No, you must speak. If you do not, I will simply relieve myself in the bathroom...would you like me to ravage you? Fuck you? Slam into you over and over and over..." he drawled out. Elrond really hated him now. "Y-yes...I want you to..." "Want me to...what?" he said in a curious voice, although he knew what he wanted him to do. It was written all over his face. "Fuck...me...Thranduil?" he put simply. Elrond grabbed a fist full of hair and yanked that royal smirk close to his face. "Yes dear?" "I hate you so much right now, do you know that?" he spat with a sexy grin. He got a long kiss before a response. "Aye, I do. And I hate you all the same sweetheart, now..." he said before he slammed into his relaxed body, all the way to the hilt. Elrond cried out in shock and pleasure, head thrown back, Thranduil lached on to it...leaving his mark. Thranduil did not wait for the dark Elf to adjust, he began to pound into him rather roughly. Elrond found his rythmn and met him with each thrust. Thranduil went hard and fast...Just as Elrond was about to come, he pinched the base of his cock and slowed to a painfully slow pace. Elrond not only whimpered in dissapointment, but growled. Thranduil threw him a cocky grin before kissing him softly. The kissing became more needy, more heated and passionate...tongues licking and tasting while hips thrust slowly. Now Thranduil decided he'd make love to his dark beauty. He went carefully, paid extra attention to his lovers neck, lips and hands. I hate everything about you Why do I love you? I hate everything about you Why do I love you? Becoming something so sensual and gentle with the Lord wasn't something he would do often and so, nearly his much needed climax he pulled out. Elrond groaned loudly and shot a very accusing look at the blonde. "What...now?" he panted out, hair sticking to his forehead. The king pulled out the oil again and this time coated Elrond's shaft withthe substance. "I'm going to ride you," he stated, smiling at the look of pure sex that struck his lovers face right then. Straddling Elrond's pale waist, Thranduil leant down and kissed him while impaling himself on the thick mass. He moaned loudly and let Elrond suck on his neck this time. He began to rock back and forth slowly, hands braced on the headboard. Elrond placed his hands on the blondes hips, keeping him steady. The ragged breathing from them both filled the room with the occasional moan or whimper. Thranduil, near to his peak, let one hand go from the headboard and reached down to stroke himself roughly causing Elrond to quicken the pace. "Mmmm...yes, keep doing that...Gods! Ahhh...I'm...oh God! Elrond...you bad elf...Mmn!" Thranduil panted as he came forcefully across his belly and Elrond's chest, his entrance tightening around the Lord's cock. A few more thrusts and Elrond follwed, moaning his lovers name over and over again. Thranduil collapsed against the pale chest, breathing heavily. Elrond lifted him slightly to pull out, holding him in his arms as they came down from the high they had just had. I hate You hate I hate You love me "Why were you so...tender?" Elrond asked as they cuddled within clean sheets. Thranduil lifted his head from his shoulder. "Because...I love you," he said. Elrond smiled. "I love you too...but I' still hate you!" he said playfully, kissing Thranduil's temple. The blondes chest rumbled with laughter. I hate everything about you Why do I love you?