way of saying 'what?'. "Do you trust me?" Elrond pressed again, peering with sharp eyes into the black abysses of his advisor's. At the slight bob of his friend's head, Elrond brought the mug to the pale lips. "Then drink, my friend," he told his advisor. Erestor drank slowly, one shaking hand going to support the cup only to find his lord's there, holding it for him and keeping it steady. The warm gingerroot tea indeed immediately calmed his churning stomach, soothing it back to the way it had been before his dilemma. He welcomed the feeling with a content sigh, opening his eyes to meet his lord's again and found the other smiling. "You see?" Elrond questioned him, giving a light pat on the knee before standing and moving back to the bedside table to replace the cup. When silence reigned for a little too long Elrond turned to his advisor and spoke, the wise grey irises taking in the form of his exhausted companion. "I never meant for this to happen," he apologized, taking Erestor slightly by surprise. "Such things cannot be planned, my lord," the counselor answered back, his voice quiet and slightly rough from the harsh experience earlier. "I know, but still I feel guilt for this. Had I known who –" He caught himself before he could say something that he knew he shouldn't have and took a breath, blinking his eyes slowly. "Had I known what this young one's death would cause I never would have let you enter that room." Erestor nodded his head, reaching a still-shaking hand up to push some stray raven hairs out of his face and back behind his ear. "It's been too long now, sire," he stated quietly, avoiding Elrond's eyes again, "nearly seven hundred years it has been now… and yet I find myself trembling like a sapling in the wake of a storm at the slightest mention of that…place." His voice trailed off at the end, finishing his sentence with a slight rumble instead of a crisp conclusion. "There may be a fair lot of time there, Erestor," Elrond told him kindly, "but you have not allowed yourself the luxury of grieving for it. That is why it remains painful on your heart." "Such a thing should not require tears," Erestor replied bitterly, "I have no reason to face it now after all this time. It is past and I wish to be rid of it – it simply will not leave." Black eyes looked up to his lord's then, almost pleading with the other in a way that made Elrond's breath escape him for a moment. "What am I to do, sire? I can't escape it." "Then don't run," Elrond told him, "No matter how fast you fly, you cannot escape what transpired there, my friend. It happened – and I'm truly sorry that it did – but you have come a long way from it." The hollowed eyes flashed something that Elrond couldn't quite comprehend. For a moment, neither elf lord moved, blinked, or even breathed – they simply kept their gazes locked, one trying to find wisdom in his lord's words, one trying to provide help to his advisor and friend. After a pause, Elrond continued. "These memories keep you up at night, mellon nin." He was caught. Erestor knew that much. "You lock yourself away in here for fear that they will return. You should have come to me. I would have made sleep easier for you to reach – you should have told me of this instead of pretending that everything was alright." His counselor deflated at the reprimand, sagging his shoulders slightly. "Seven hundred years, sire." Elrond quirked a brow. "Seven hundred years and I still hear their chants – their torment. Am I a damned being, my lord? Am I eternally… damned?" "You are no damned creature, Erestor!" Elrond harshly reprimanded, making the black-haired elf jump with the sudden change in volume, "You are no more damned than lady Galadriel or Lord Glorfindel – no more damned than myself." Elrond took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. "You are a blessed creature, mellon nin. You are just too afraid to see it. Allow yourself to face this task and you will find peace." "I cannot face it alone, my lord. I have tried but…" "I never said to face it alone," Elrond told him wisely, drawing his advisor's eyes. He flinched back at seeing his lord suddenly so close to him, not having heard Elrond move, "Do not face it alone. Face it with a friend." Erestor opened his mouth to respond but found that no sound left his throat, only a small wisp of air that told his lord everything he needed to know. The high counselor froze when his lord placed gentle hands one his face, gingerly pulling him forward before leaning down and placing a tender kiss upon his brow. "You needn't do it alone. You know where to find me," he told the other, giving him a warm look before turning and grabbing the tray, heading toward the door. Erestor found his breath and looked to his lap, finding that his hands had finally ceased their shaking. "And Erestor?" The black-haired head shot up, finding Elrond standing with the door open, watching him. "Do stop calling me 'my lord'. It makes me feel old." And it's the end! Laaaaa! Leave a couple sentences for a review and you'll be my hero forever! (And for those of you wandering: why the heck is this named 'Bite Back'?, the answer is simple. The bite back on a gun it when you fire it, you get pushed back slightly too. Think about shotguns and how the shooter always bows back ever so slightly. With longbows – especially cherry wood bows – you sometimes get that bite back too, just not as powerful. The bite back in Erestor's life that I made should be pretty easy to spot.)