skills secretly whenever she went into the forest. She didn't know why she never told anyone about this, but for some reason, she had a feeling that the king would not like it. She didn't know about anz lore-masters among the wood elves, but she heard that there were such elves beyond the Misty Mountains, in the hidden valley of Imladris, or Rivendell. Not many times did she have the opportunity to hear tales about the place, but when she did, it always made her sad. Many times she wished that whoever left her on Thranduil's doorstep would rather choose to leave her in Rivendell, for she knew that she would be much happier there. She was suddenly torn from her musing by a sudden noice. It almost sounded like... footsteps. Careful, slow footsteps of a rather small feet, which was weird, for although it seemed the sound was rather close, she didn't see anyone in the corridor. And yet she was fairly certain the footsteps were coming from the passage leading to the dungeons. Hesitating for a moment, she decided to follow downstairs. Quiently, she moved down the stairs to the cells, when she suddenly heard voices, loud voices. She frowned as she carefully glanced around the corner, and her eyes widened a little, as she saw the dwarves free out of the cells, stretching their legs. She shook her head and slowly stepped out of the shadow. "Seriously, if your planning an escape, you should at least consider being a little more silent, that would surely help a lot." she said, but then she suddenly stopped, blinking, as she saw something, a creature that definitely wasn't a dwarf. She, of course, couldn't know that what was she looking at was a hobbit, for she has never even heard of these creatures before. Still, as she watched the strange being in front of her, her surprised expresion quickly turned into a smile, as she realised that he probably wasn't a threat. Still, the dwarves didn't give her the opportunity to make an acquaintance. "I thought you'll be all in that fancy party of yours upstairs." she raised her head as she heard a deep, peervish voice. It belonged to a dwarf she didn't notice before, and as she looked at him, it was a dwarf that really caught her attention. He seemed different from the others, all of those dwarves were stripped of their weapons and armour, and yet this perticular dwarf seemed to emanate authority. "I'm not very fond of parties." she said, and then she stopped again, as she noticed the bunch of keys in the hobbit's hand. "Good work." she said, and bowed her head in appreaciation. "That was nothing. The guards seemed to be a little... preoccupied in the wine cellar." Her brows immediately shot up on that remark, and then, as silently as she could, she laughed. But then she caught the looks in the eyes of the dwarves, and she sighed. "There is no possible way for you to get out of here unnoticed. This place is full of guards, especially now. Dark times are coming, even to our own lands. But, I don't want to see you rot in this place, like me, for I sense that you have gone through many terrible ordeals already." she paused for a while, thinking. "There might be a way, it's not gonna be pleasant for you, but it's probably the only way besides making your way through our archers." The western shores of the Esgaroth lake, the late morning... Daenarien was farely sure that the dwarves have indeed passed this way, but here their tracks were suddenly lost. Tracking them was not as easy as she thought, but along the river she managed to follow them until here. She wished they would let her go with them though. She knew it was out of the question before she even asked, but when she saw them running away, when she saw them defying Thranduil so openly, she desperately wanted to join them. Alas, it was unthinkable for these dwarves to take an elf along with them on their quest, whatever it was. And they were not gentle in telling her so either, except for the one named Balin perhaps. At first she was angry, and dissapointed that she was forced to stay behind, but once they were gone she managed to vanish, pretending that she wasn't even there, and she joined the other elven hunters in the search of the dwarves, in hope that she will at least know for sure that they went the way they were supposed too. That was when the orcs suddenly attacked. It was a fierce, and unexpected attack. While the dwarves made their way down the river, the river bank was crawling with orcs hunting the dwarf, and elves hunting the orcs. Using her own bow and arrows, Daenarien fought side by side with Tauriel and Legolas. Those two were much better fighters then she was, but it was also them who taught her how to fight. She never wanted them as teachers, but it was Thranduil's will. She watched in awe as the prince expertly handled the endless orc army. As she shot down another orc, she groaned in annoyance as she heard his signal to retreat. "Daenarien! This is as far as we'll be going. We have one of them alive. We're going back." She was standing on a rock, watching as the silhuettes of the dwarves in the water and their hunters on the land were becomming more distant. "Daenarien!" the elven prince called again, but this time, she has already made a decision. She turned her head towards him, and for a few seconds, the two elves stared at each other. Then, just as Legolas took off running towars the rock to stop her, she jumped in the river, and in a minute, she was carried by the swift current closer and closer towards her destiny...