anything grow in that place," Sam said. "Nonsense, all it would take were a few Sam's and the place would be right as rain," Frodo said with a good hearted laugh. "I must agree with Frodo. Mayhap you should stay behind and go with Faramir, Sam!" Aragorn jested leading Roheryn up to join the hobbits. Sam's cheeks took on a noticeable shade of red, but the hobbit said no more. Instead he busied himself with double checking the saddle bags on Bill to make sure he hadn't forgotten anything. Sam was pleased that Master Elrond had thought to bring Bill to Minas Tirith with him. Frodo stroked his own pony that Aragorn had given him as a parting gift. "Have you thought of a name for him, Frodo?" Aragorn asked watching the hobbit stroke the pony's neck. "I have, yes, I think I shall call him Strider." Aragorn gave a surprised, if pleased look to Frodo. He smiled gently down at the hobbit. "It just fits, somehow," was all the explanation Frodo would give. Pippen, who had been silent far too long for his own good, finally spoke up. "I want to come," the hobbit said looking up to Faramir. "What?" was all Faramir managed. "I want to come with you to Mordor, or wherever," Pippen answered. "Don't be stupid, what would you want to go to Mordor for?" Merry asked. Meriadoc was already sitting atop his own pony. "I can help!" Pippen began, "and you need people to guard you on your task." Faramir smiled warmly down at the hobbit. "I do not ride to battle Pippen, but as a scout only. Your heart is noble, little hobbit, but we will ride swift and hard. Your part in this has been fulfilled, you have earned your rest. Go now to your home and find it." "But I am a Knight of Gondor! I swore a fealty to it's Steward and King. I want to help!" Pippen proclaimed. "Pippen," Merry said in exasperation, "Faramir is going with Elrond's sons, what could you possibly do that they couldn't?" "Well you never know what you'll run into Merry. And we hobbits are a reliable sort," Pippen said with pride. It was then that Gandalf entered the courtyard, followed by Elladan and Elrohir. The wizard's white robes seemed to swirl around him as his swift pace brought him to the group. "Stop acting like a great booby, Peregrin Took, and get up on that pony!" Gandalf ordered passing by the hobbit without a second look. "See? Now you've done it Pip, come on!" Merry called trotting his pony up beside Elrond's horse. "I wonder what's got him all riled up?" Pippen thought out loud. "Aragorn, there is something which we must speak of ere you go. Faramir, this concerns you too," Gandalf said like he had not just ordered the King of Gondor and Arnor to council. Aragorn and Faramir followed the old wizard off a ways from the group with the twins in toe. "What is it?" Aragorn asked sensing something was amiss. Gandalf said not a word, but just looked over at Elladan. With a soft sigh the elf explained his dream to Aragorn. A frown passed the ex-ranger's face. "Perhaps Faramir, you should gather some of your rangers to go with you. I do not like the uneasy feeling news of this dream brings me," Aragorn said. "Nor I," Gandalf admitted, "and if it continues, I shall be back before too long." "I will expect your company to return in a fortnight, whatever you may find. If not, do not think I will not come find you," Aragorn said with a mischievous smile. "We would not want you getting lost in the woods Elessar, we will be back," Elladan replied with a far too innocent look. With one last look at the twins, Aragorn bade Faramir for one final word and the two stepped even farther to the side. "I will be back in a couple days Faramir. I have the utmost confidence in your skill. I have traveled much with Elladan and Elrohir. They are confident woodsmen and hunters with no small skill in battle. I bide you trust in their judgment if you find yourself at doubt. They have not led me wrong before. I have also come to rely on elven senses when available. Remember that what is normal for them is far above our own. But I must give you one warning, while I trust in the twins ability and judgment, I should warn you that they carry a seething hatred for orc kind. They will show no mercy if faced with battle. I do however, trust that longing not to override their judgment. Just don't let them," the King paused trying to find the right words, "get you into trouble." "I will take your words to heart, my lord, and wish you a safe journey." Aragorn knew Faramir was a bit confused, but would hold to his word and said no more. The two men walked back to the gathered group and everyone said their final farewells. The company of four hobbits, one man, one elf lord, and one grumpy old wizard rode for the destroyed gate of Minas Tirith. Aragorn, in the lead, halted just before the gate and looked back one last time at Arwen. The new Queen of Gondor gave him a comforting smiled that raised his spirits. Aragorn turned on Roheryn then and led the group out the shattered gate. TBC... Reviews are always appreciated, but never required. : ) Minas Anor – Tower of the Sun Roheryn – Aragorn's horse brought to him by the Grey Company before they traveled the Paths of the Dead. Note: In the book Elladan and Elrohir came with the Grey Company and rode through the Paths of the Dead with Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, and Dúnedain, fought in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields and rode to the very Black Gate with the Gondor army.