over the bowl. She poured the steaming water into the bowl and added a few drops of camphor and eucalyptus oils. Every few minutes she placed her hands on the sides of the man's chest and shook him gently, vibrating his ribs and forcing him to breath out more deeply. Tat was beginning to despair of the treatment when suddenly the patient was seized by a violent paroxysm of coughing. Zerbah quickly removed the bowl and tilted him over so that his chest and head were draped over the edge of the bunk. With Tat holding him secure she tapped sharply over his back. Moments later he began coughing up copious amounts of muck from his chest, gasping and wheezing as he fought to clear his throat and snatch a breath. When his coughing ceased Zerbah and Tat bathed him and coaxed some warmed broth down him. Zerbah allowed him to rest for an hour before repeating the process, by which point his chest was moving more clearly and his breathing was less laboured. "Now for the fever," the healer announced. Sponging the patient's skin with cool water was having no effect and so Zerbah called for more drastic measures. There was no ice to be had in Kalavir but they did have a large body of cold water to hand. It took some organising but the Master and the Bosun removed the wooden seat from the hoist and rigged up a spare hammock to the end of the rope. The Bosun went into the water and the crew lowered the patient over the side in the hammock until he was submerged up to his neck but supported by the fabric. The man sucked in a strangled gasp as the cold water touched his overheated skin and he struggled weakly before sinking back into a stupor. They hauled him up before he began to shiver. Just before dusk they repeated the manoeuvre and finally, just before dawn, the fever broke. Zerbah sent Tat off to his own bunk to rest and she remained to tend to the man. When the Master and Tat appeared at first light Zerbah was preparing food for the patient, she had procured a thin porridge from the cook and she was mashing up fresh fruits into the bowl. As she started to lift a small spoonful onto his tongue, the man's eyes fluttered open. There was no recognition in the man's expression, just confusion. He tried to turn his face away from the spoon but Zerbah firmly but gently turned him back, smiling reassurance. Reluctantly he allowed the spoon onto his lip and flicked out his tongue to test the offering. He managed several small tastes before his eyes flickered shut and he lapsed back into oblivion. "He seems a little better, Zerbah. Will he recover?" "If the Gods will it and he fights to stay," she pronounced, handing the bowl to Tat and setting out her potions to begin treating his injuries. "We really need to get under way today, would it be best to leave him here in Kalavir under your care?" the Master asked her. "I have no facilities to care for him. I do not have room in my home for a sick man and it would not be proper. You could pay for a room for him at the Inn and I would look in on him," she offered. "No. I thank you for the offer but he would be better aboard the Duck; at least we would have Tat to keep an eye on him. I mean no offence, Mother, but I have had experience of sailor's Inns in the past and I would not feel comfortable leaving him under such circumstances." "Then I will leave instructions for you and the lad over how to care for him. Provided the fever does not return he should do well. He needs small regular meals; lots of fresh fruit, lightly cooked fish, eggs and cheese if you can get it. Make sure he drinks plenty and in a couple of days start sitting him out in the fresh air for an hour or so a day, though not in direct sun and as soon as he is able get him moving, just short walks to begin with but the longer he stays in bed the weaker he will become." "Thank you, Zerbah, you have saved his life. I will be forever in your debt," the Master thanked her. "Is there anything I may do for you to show my appreciation for your care?" he asked, handing over a pouch of coins which she swiftly hid within her robes without bothering to examine the contents. "Where do you make for next?"she asked "We sail for Cantria on the next tide. . .if you deem he is fit for the journey." "He is as fit as he is likely to be. I am short of some herbs and spices. You would be doing me a great service if you would collect some for me from the merchants in Cantria. . .it would also give you an excuse to call here on your return journey so that I may see how young Min is doing." "Min?" the Master queried. "Aye, Min. That is what Tat here has taken to calling our patient," she explained. "Min, Tat? Where did you come up with such a name?" The lad blushed and fidgeted with the potion bottles Zerbah had left lined up on the desk. "Come on Lad, out with it." "Min. . .short for Minnow! . .he was a poor pathetic scrap fished from the river on the end of a line," the lad explained, "I couldn't think of anything else and-and it seemed to fit." "Well let's just hope he wakes up soon and can tell us who he is and where he belongs," the Master said with a smile, "I would hate for him to be saddled with such a name for long." TBC