His auburn hair was pulled back into a thick braid and his callused hands polished a newly forged silver goblet. A thin eye brow peaked towards his hairline and a glimmer of reticent amusement, a look exclusively reserved for his daughter, shone in his blue eyes. "Oh, Ada…" she shook her head. "I merely took a morning stroll. I was missed no more than an hour." Oledon gave her yet another look and held the delicate goblet up for inspection. The polished silver reflected her auburn locks that glimmered like licks flames in the lamp light. Ever since the Dark Lord had diminished into shadows, the need for weapons to fit in elvish hands had drastically decreased. Oledon found his skills being tested and put to use in the finer, less lethal, arts of fabrication and ornamentation, especially since relations and commerce with the Dwarves had all but ceased. To receive a diadem or goblet made with Oledon's hands was much sought after honor. "Even so," Niviryn continued while twirling the dirk back and forth in over the back of her hand unconsciously so. "Your sister commands her army quite well. Those feather pillows will never dare get a lump after her maidens' onslaught." Niviryn paused and flipped the dirk into a new postion and continued her graceful actions. "Moreover, I am quite certain the tasks are well attended to well beyond my aptitude. I only hinder the campaign." Her father shook his head and let out a sigh as he pushed his body off the embellished door frame and went to the seat placed before his workbench. "Little Sparrow," Niviryn cringed at the pet name her father used. "I know all too well that your heart does not find satisfaction in the way as your aunt does and I do not wish to force such onto you…" Niviryn stopped twirling the dirk and her eyes shot to her father's back. A wash of relief cleansed her soul, feeling as though she was about to be set free from her prison of serving platters and laundry baskets. She opened her lips to begin gracing her father with thanks and praise… "But I must ask of you a favor..." he turned to look at his daughter whose lips fell closed. "Please be at your aunt's assistance while our honored guests remain within our city." Oledon watched his daughter's slight shoulders slump in disappointment. Though it was widely known his daughter was not the most obedient she-elf in the West, she always heeded the requests of her father, even though in her own interpretations of such. Niviryn's eye eyes stared into the gleaming steel of the dirk, into the face of nothing more than a common chambermaid, she lamented. A sneer suddenly mired her angular and flawless face and she replaced the blade to the work table with a less than lady-like gentleness. Her slender, yet strong forearms crossed over the light-suede vest that laced up her bodice and her chin turned towards the yonder falls of the South Fork. "If you ask of me, I shall comply…" she replied monotonously. Her head suddenly turned back to her father with brows raised. "But I won't guarantee the quality of my services. My patience shares little fortitude for the crispness of folds and freshness of lavatories…" Niviryn proclaimed with her hands held in up premeditated innocence. Oledon craned his neck and glanced her way. "One would think for all the hours you can spend hunched over a scrap of parchment, recording every fine line and shadow of a floriven tree, your attention could be held by such simple tasks for more than a blink of an eye." He quipped. A small smile quirked her rosy lips and Niviryn approached where he sat. He spoke truth, Niviryn could spend three hours with her drawing pad and quil in lap. Her other sought after skill was her artistic ability. Lord Elrond frequented her talent for illustrations of the tales and histories Middle Earth, of which he recorded into the many books of his vast library. She leaned down and placed a firm, yet loving arm around his shoulder. "And how long would the task of sitting in on the discussions of council peak your interests, dear Ada…" she slyly interjected. Oledon again sighed and pressed his lips together, acknowledging his defeat in this particular spar with his talented daughter. "I would rather find my thump between hammer and anvil…" he replied. Niviryn smiled and bestowed a quick kiss on his sculpted cheekbone. Diplomacy and politics was the furthest from his liking or skill level. Though Lord Elrond and Master Oledon share a long time friendship founded in respect and brotherhood, neither could disagree more on such a subject. Oledon avoided the counsel patio like an Orc avoided sunlight and soap. "Twas what I expected…" she affirmed with a touch of swagger in voice and straighten back up to her full height.. Oledon reached up and patted her hand that lay on his shoulder. He truly hated reigning back his daughter's strong and able will, but letting a spirited horse roam wild as it pleased was just as dangerous to it's being if hobbled and stockaded. If she'd been born a son, she'd be of the upmost regard amongst their people. Both able in her skill of combat and negotiation, she would have made a fine captain or emissary of Rivendell. However, the matter of her gender would not make a difference in her fate. His youngest child still would bear a heavy burden that both entitled and hampered her happiness. "Please, do this for me…" he asked, looking into his daughter's green eyes, an action that always rendered him spellbound for a moment. Only one other person had eyes such as those of his daughter. Niviryn sighed dejectedly, but she'd known from beginning of this conversation she would inevitably heed her father's request. "Of course I will…but don't expect me to receive enjoyment from it…"