head in awe of the beautiful animal. Thranduil personally saw none of the expression that his son saw, but at least any trace of aggression was long gone. If anything, the animal seemed…content. "It appears he means to follow us back home," sighed Thranduil, not sure what they would do with the animal once they returned to the palace. His son suddenly fizzled into another fit of giggles and melted into his father's lap, shaking from his mirth. Thranduil raised an eyebrow. "What is so amusing, ion-nin?" Legolas managed to get his laughter under control before pointing up at his father and speaking. "Maybe he thinks you're an elk, ada, and he wants to join your herd!" Legolas draped himself over Belroch in another round of giggles as Thranduil looked down at himself, draped in the elk cloak that covered a significant portion of himself and the horse. A smirk appeared on the elven king's face as he glanced back at the stray elk who was simply happy to follow another of its "kind". The remainder of the trip was uneventful, aside from the fact that the loyal elk followed its savior all the way home. Thranduil bid the last of his advisors good evening as the winter celebration came to a close. Though he was utterly exhausted from the long week of festivities, the buzz of Dorwinion wine kept him in a pleasant mood, and he was looking forward to returning to his chambers with Legolas to spend the rest of the festival's night together. He luckily did not have to look very long for his son as the bundle of energy found him. "Ada! Come quickly! I have a present to give you for winter's festival!" begged Legolas without any other introduction and pulled on his father's hand. "Come and see!" "Calm yourself, Legolas. I will come and see but please try and practice some of that calmness we talked about," scolded Thranduil playfully but knew it fell on deaf ears today. He followed his son down to the stables and the king frowned in puzzlement. "My gift is down here?" he asked as he surveyed the rows upon rows of stalls. "Yes! Wait here, and I'll bring it to you!" instructed Legolas bounding away from his father. He suddenly stopped in the aisle to spin around and call out, "And close your eyes!" Thranduil obediently closed and covered his eyes, knowing Legolas would not be satisfied until they were physically covered and not just simply closed. He soon heard the clop of hooves though much heavier than a horse and was about to ask a question when his son called out for him to open. What Thranduil saw before him shocked him to no end. There in front of him stood Legolas, grinning from one little pointed ear to the other, holding the reins to a saddled, massive elk—THE elk. It was calmly munching on some hay and seemed completely unaware that it was being presented as a gift to its realm's king by the miniature elfling prince beside it. It even wore a red bow around its neck. Thranduil's jaw nearly hit the floor. "Do you like him, ada?" asked Legolas brightly, looking quickly between the elk and his father. "I…I thought Captain Feren had taken him out into the woods to let him go after we returned to the palace…" stammered Thranduil, trying to make sense of what was going on. "I got to the Captain first and asked him to keep him here and a secret," explained Legolas, with a smirk much like his father's. "It took some convincing but he finally agreed. He helped me get a saddle on him and everything." Thranduil did notice the elk didn't seem to mind the bridle and saddle which surprised him. "Is he…docile?" he asked and stepped forward to rub the animal's nose. The animal recognized the scent of his rescuer and stood up straighter as if to present himself for inspection. "For the most part," stated Legolas. "He didn't quite like the first stable we put him in as I think he didn't like his neighbor, but he hasn't put up a fuss since then. I thought maybe he could be your new mount as Belroch is getting old!" Thranduil looked down at his young son who apparently thought he had just hit on the best idea. The elk nuzzled against Thranduil's hand and the elven king pondered the idea. "I don't know, Legolas. Can he be trained? No one has ever tried riding and training an elk before." "Yes! He's a very smart elk, ada. Watch! Watch!" Legolas gently pushed his father to the side before returning to the colossal elk. He distinctly clapped his hands twice before the elk in response tilted its head to lower one side of its massive antlers to the ground. Legolas gracefully jumped and clung onto the antlers as the elk then swung its head to the side where Legolas let go and alighted onto the creature's broad back. "See! I taught him that! He's much easier to mount than Belroch!" "I'm impressed," nodded the king and returned again to the side of the creature who held its head high. "I'm not sure how one would do in battle, but I suppose he could be a worthy mount. I make no long-term promises, Legolas, but I do accept your most gracious gift." Legolas gasped in pleasure and slid to the ground where he could properly bounce around his father in excitement. "I'm sure he will serve you well, ada. Just look at him, so noble. Don't you think he'll be so mighty when he grows up?" asked Legolas, already the self-proclaimed eager expert on elk. Thranduil had to chuckle and nod as he brushed his hand through the woodland creature's thick fur coat. "Indeed, Legolas. A mighty gift indeed," the king decided as he took the reins of his new steed and the hand of his young son.