out of his reverie when he realized he was coming down the trail out of the mountains entering Imladris. As he drew closer to the house his hope began to renew. "Ada! Ada! Tua! Ada!" When the Lord of Rivendell walked out the rear door to enjoy the fine day the last thing he expected to see was a horse barreling toward The Last Homely House and to hear Elrohir calling out like a mad man. Still, expect it or not, the situation wasn't surprising. Homecomings like this were not rare when his sons were traveling and especially together. Master Elrond tried to wait for Elrohir to ride to up to the door with some semblance of calm. When the horse got close enough to distinguish that someone was slumped in the front of Elrohir, the calm visage became increasing hard to hold. Since Elrohir was doing all of the hollering, Elladan must be in need of care and immediately. "Sweet Eru, what have they gotten into now?" Elrond glanced behind him as someone approached. Celaviel bowed her head as she came up behind her lord and friend. "It would appear your children are home, my lord. Shall I prepare one of the young lord's chamber with the appropriate healing herbs and supplies?" Elrond smiled warmly at the elf maid. "Yes, Celaviel, I think we are going to need it." Celaviel gave a quick nod and disappeared through the door with a swish of her skirt. Elrohir rode right up to the porch and Elrond ran down to meet him as he commanded the horse to a stop. When Elrond laid eyes on Elladan it took a good bit of effort to remain composed. His oldest son by minutes looked like he already had one foot at Mandos. Elrohir lowered his brother down and Elrond grabbed his son. He turned back for the house carrying Elladan with Elrohir on his heels. "What happened Elrohir?" Elrond asked with a calm in his voice that he didn't feel on the inside. "He was poisoned, shot, I mean poisoned from being shot. It was an orc arrow. He almost collapsed minutes after being hit and he has been unconscious for hours now." Elrond carried Elladan into his room and laid him down on the bed. No sooner had Elrond laid his son down than Celaviel and another entered. He leaned over, placed his hand on Elladan's forehead, and briefly closed his eyes. He turned around to see three sets of worried eyes staring back at him. "The poison has spread far, but you made it back in time, Elrohir." Three sighs of relief followed the statement and Elrond smiled inwardly to himself. He looked into Elrohir's eyes and noticed something else besides worry in them. Something akin to the look they held for sometime after Celebrian had left. Shock and grief. Elrohir looked as if he had been; no still was he corrected himself, in emotional turmoil. "Elrohir go get cleaned up and eat something." Elrohir's eyes went wide. "But father..." "Elrohir that is not a request. You may return after." Elrohir sighed too tired to argue, nodded his head, and left the room. After Elrohir had existed Celaviel lifted her eyebrow questionably at Elrond. Elrond gave no explanation for his action and simply returned his attention back to his other son. Although Elrohir hardly felt like eating anything, he had to admit, he felt a little better after following his father's orders. He approached Elladan's door and hesitated. He did not hear any sounds coming from behind the door so he knocked quietly. "Come in my son." Elrohir entered the room and closed the door. The curtains were closed and the room was fairly dark. Elrond was setting on the edge of the bed close enough to be able to reach Elladan's face as he checked his temperature. Elrohir came up behind his father where he could see Elladan. His brother still looked deathly pale and his eyes were closed, but he seemed stronger now. Elrond turned to face his other son. "Sit, Elrohir. It is all right, my son, Elladan will not wake for some time." Elrohir smiled inwardly. He was fully aware how he knew his brother wouldn't wake for a while. He had been given the same herb many times himself. "What has befallen, Elrohir?" "I guess I pushed it to the back of my mind. I was so preoccupied with trying to get Elladan back here in time..." Elrond was concerned when he noticed Elrohir was holding back tears. Neither of his sons were usually ones to cry over matters. Elrond didn't need the gift of foresight to know he was going to dread hearing this. Elrohir reached into his pocket and pulled out something. He placed the object in his father's hand, then put his own hand over it, before Elrond could tell what it was. "Elladan and I, we...we were traveling with Arathorn adar. When Elladan was shot with an orc arrow, so was Arathorn, only..." Elrohir had to stop and take a breath. Elrond put his free hand on his son's shoulder in silent support. Elrohir looked at Elrond with such sorrow it made Elrond's heart ache. Elrohir gently slid his hand away from Elrond's revealing the object to his father. "Elladan was shot in the shoulder, but Arathorn was pierced in the eye. Isildur's heir is dead." Elrond looked down at what his son had given him. He held the ring of Barahir. Elrond closed his eyes and folded his hand around the ring. Arathorn had been a friend. Now he understood what was making his son so distraught. Arathorn, Chieftain of the Dúnedain, had fallen. TBC... Sorry no wee Aragorn in this chapter, but he is coming up in the next one! I had to do the sad business of killing off his father in this one. Just when I was starting to like him to. Reviews aren't necessary, but are always appreciated.