brought his face out of the snow bank in a hurry before any more missiles could be launched, then wiped snow from encrusted eyelids. Once he could see again, Lindir raised an eyebrow at the giggling heads that now appeared at regular intervals in Elladan's hole as the twins jumped up and down to keep sight of him. "That was foolish, boys," said Lindir sternly, reaching surreptitiously behind him and scooping snow into his hands. Although the heads continued to bounce so that the twins could see Lindir, they now wore worried and slightly guilty expressions on their faces. The elflings sensed that they were in trouble. "You should never throw snow in someone's face," persisted Lindir, struggling to keep his face straight as he molded the snow in his hands into a ball, then split it into two smaller clumps. Once the snowballs were ready, he roared, "because you might just find some thrown back!" Quick as lightning, Lindir pulled the snowballs out from behind him and fired one each at the bouncing heads of the twins, who now registered deep surprise. As soon as the snow was in the air, Lindir sprang up, turned and ran the other direction, knowing that the twins would give chase and probably start a snowball fight. True to form, the twins eagerly bounded out of the snow bank, shouted "Go!" in unison, and ran after Lindir, who risked a quick glance over one shoulder to see two pairs of little hands busily scooping up large amounts of snow. A few seconds later, two snowballs thumped into Lindir' back. However, the musician was not unprepared; he had also prepared two handfuls of snow, which he threw at the elflings and ducked Elrohir's snowball simultaneously. The snowball fight lasted for a good half an hour longer as Lindir and the twins hastily built two forts of snow and kept on producing and launching snowballs. Although Lindir could throw farther and more accurately, and could make his snowballs faster, he found himself hard-pressed to defend himself against the two tenacious boys. They are truly the sons of Elrond and Celebrían, thought Lindir as he dodged Elladan's latest snowball, and threw one of his own in return. They are both as stubborn as their parents. Elrohir and Elladan continued to alternate throwing snowballs as Lindir fought to duck and fire at the same time. He managed to land a blow on each elfling once, but in return was hit twice by Elladan and once by Elrohir. He was beginning to gain a bit more ground against the twins when the snowball fight abruptly ended; a twin burst out of the snow directly in front of Lindir's fort, charged through the snow wall that was Lindir's only line of defense, and tackled the musician before any snowballs could be thrown at the invader. Dimly Lindir heard a shout of triumph from the twin who had remained in the other fort, and a few seconds later another body pushed him deeper into the snow. As Lindir thrashed in protest, the older elf realized with one part of his mind- the part that wasn't preoccupied with trying to avoid inhaling snow- how the twins had beaten him. One boy had remained behind in the fort, pretending to be both twins, while the other tunneled to Lindir's side of the meadow and tackled Lindir. The minstrel chuckled and sighed in defeat, then used his adult's strength to push himself upright, figuring that the twins had held him under the snow for long enough. The elflings tumbled from Lindir as he rose, chortling in glee over having defeated their playmate. Now, face to face with their ally, the twins hugged each other ecstatically, threw handfuls of snow in the air and at each other, and gave voice to shrill battle cries. Lindir waited until the boys had calmed down a little and plopped down next to him in the snow, then said, "Well done, you two. Do you know what you just employed?" Elladan and Elrohir shook their heads, wide-eyed. Lindir grinned down at them. "Battle tactics!" "Ooh," said Elladan, eagerly, grinning back at Lindir around the ever-constant thumb in his mouth. Elrohir, however, looked confused. "Battle tactics are actions one uses to confuse your opponent, and ultimately win the match," Lindir explained. "When you two won the snowball fight, I thought both of you had remained in the fort, when in reality, one of you was tunneling through the snow to attack me. Do you understand now?" Elrohir nodded, then giggled. "We wonned wi'h 'ADDLE ADDICS!" the younger twin shouted in glee tackling Elladan. "'Addle addics?'" queried a voice from among the trees that bordered the clearing. "'Findel!" shouted the twins, immediately ceasing their antics and dashing towards the direction of the voice. Lindir also stood and followed the twins, hoping fervently that breakfast was ready. Before Lindir entered the clearing, the Lord Glorfindel appeared, Elladan on one hip and Elrohir on the other. Lindir stopped and bowed as Glorfindel came closer. "Good morn, Lord Glorfindel." "G'morn, Lindir," replied Glorfindel cheerfully, nodding to him. "I was sent to tell you by that breakfast has been prepared." "BEFAS!" shouted the twins. Glorfindel and Lindir winced as the high voices of the two young elflings tortured their eardrums; a moment later, a snow-framed window opened further down the valley, sending the snow resting on the sill crashing softly into a drift. "I am coming!" Erestor shouted back, his tone characteristically cross as he communicated the point, then shut his window with a bang. Lindir and Glorfindel chuckled; Elladan and Elrohir loosed great peals of laughter with the infectious humor of the young. Eventually, though, the comedy of the situation wore off, even for the twins, and Glorfindel and Lindir began to walk towards the Dining Hall for breakfast, the twins in Glorfindel's tow. Lindir caught one of the last falling snowflakes on an outstretched finger, then smiled. Caught a cold, indeed. o..o..o..o..o