event of such of an occurrence, onto my bed, I locate my luggage. The bag is jam packed with objects but there is one thing I couldn't fit inside. Pulling it from the secret place, I attach it to my hip and rush back into the kitchen to find my children not waiting for me. In fact, they are completely gone. "Duke?" I call, scared as to what has happened " Pups go to cousin dwarf ." He responds to my unasked question. No matter how many times I corrected him, he still calls them pups " You go to mate ." "Shouldn't we all go together?" Sure, I trust that Duke wouldn't allow the children to be sent somewhere dangerous but that doesn't mean I want them somewhere I personally didn't send them "Why must we be separated?" " Speak with mate first. Pups not far ." Is the only answer he gives as he comes over to my side " Ready? " "More than ready." I reply, giving whoever is starting this roller coaster ride the signal that I am good to go "They had better be alright or I'm coming after EVERYONE." I'm prepared as the floor drops from beneath me; closing my eyes and letting the universe rush around me. Duke whines in discomfort, whether from fear of the trip or my threat, I don't know. Somewhere between here and there, the canine disappears from my side, leaving me to continue on my own. It's only a matter of seconds before the falling stops and I land all Terminator style. Not sure of where I am, I peek open my eyes. I am inside a fashionably stone room; the smell of cool air greets my nose the way it only has in my dreams. It is however free of the dragon stench that coated it last time, for which I am ever grateful. Light filters by way of candles and I instantly know we are in Erebor. Using the portion of my ' jump' that I have left, I ' feel' for my children, and breathe a sigh of relief that they aren't far. I giggle slightly when I notice the beginning of an actual ' jump .' Looks like the ole gift only works in middle earth. ' Typical .' Dropping my baggage, I follow the light, finding a small window to the outside. A quick look out the sliver shows that my location overlooks Dale; the bustling city, sleeping in the wake of pre-dawn. Turning to leave, I stop short at the sight before me. Sitting across the room, in bed, bare chested, hand on the hilt of his sword, with a face that I'm sure matches mine in surprise, is none other than Thorin Oakenshield. "What are… Should you not be… I do not…" None of his thoughts come out clear as I step towards the dwarf. His hair has more grays than I remember and his scruff has grown out to the long beard his clan his is named after but other than that, he looks exactly the same, if not a little tired "Thia." "Thorin." I respond, voice quivering with emotion "This cannot be." He mutters, quickly raising from the bed and closing the gap between us before running his rough hands along my face. I do the same to him, praying that it's not a dream. Engulfing me into his arms, I feel a calmness I haven't experienced in many years. "Thia. My sweet, sweet, Thia." Fast. Everything is moving so fast. From the window we met in the center of the room to embrace. That soft reconnection is short lived; quickly replaced by a fire that burns the very clothes off our backs. From the center of the room, we move to the bed I'd so quickly forgotten even shared the space. All the while he whispers my name. Over and over and over again. And I chant his; pulling him close, refusing to let him go for fear of him disappearing on me once again. Then we dance the way we've yearned to for years; twisting in each other's arms, trusting the other completely. Flames follow his fingers, scorching me inside and out as his lips singe me soon after. Crimson paths chase my nails along his back; his blood singing beneath the surface as I sing praises of my own. The dance is new and my body untried in the experience but there is no pain in our art as he shows me the steps I do not know. Soon enough I can meet his movements with ease and we desperately urge the other on; flowing with the push and pull of the moment. We rid ourselves of the agony caused by years of separation; creating a beat for our own song. The world jumps, quivers, and shakes in response beneath us before it collapses in on itself but we pay it little mind. As the fire licks at our taught limbs, growing brighter by the second, a wave crashes over us. It drags our bodies out to the metaphorical open water where we watch the lights of the universe explode into a million possibilities. It lasts an exhilarating moment, only to return us to the bed of sand where we lay, sea foam lapping at our sides, and breathing heavy as the music finally ends. As I rest beside him, tangled in a mass of sweat and limbs, I can finally understand what it means to be ' happy as a clam .' Hi guys! I'm back and ready for action! Lets get his show on the road, shall we? Thank you for returning to this story! Yes, though poetic, Thorin and Thia got down to the nitty gritty. I wanted to get it out the way since its long overdue. If you want a detailed account, you'll have to wait until a later chapter. I hope you liked it, tell me what you thought! Laters!