trouble," she responded, half teasingly. "You are a better rider than I." Silrocca turned to face the elves who were beginning to catch up. Elizabette loosened her grip on Legolas' waist and pushed her hair out of her face. Silrocca stepped forward and she held on tightly again. Legolas half turned. "Do you not trust me?" he asked. Elizabette glanced into his eyes. He was not teasing. "Not on a horse," she replied. Legolas' smile faded. "I did not mean to frighten you, Elizabette," he apologized. "It is all right," she answered. "I guess." The other elves began to approach. "Sometimes you two act like elflings," Duinral called to them. Elizabette smiled slightly. --- That night Elizabette carefully unwrapped the bandage on her arm. She was dismayed to find that though it did not bleed, the cut was just as sharp and fresh as it had been the day before. Anarel again applied the athelas water and wrapped the arm but Elizabette felt that it was in vain. She knew that there was some poison in the wound that would not allow it to heal. She sat alone on the edge of the fire, much as she had just before the orcs came. Legolas joined her after speaking with the others for a time. "Elizabette?" he asked softly. "Is anything the matter?" Elizabette looked up at her friend. "No," she replied untruthfully. Legolas could see that she did not mean it. "You can tell me," he said. For an answer she stood and took his hand, leading him away from the fire and the others. They went just far enough that they could not see the other elves. She looked up at him and he saw that her eyes, which he had looked upon in times of both joy and fear, were restless. "Legolas," she said in answer to his question, "I feel that there is some poison in the cut on my arm that prevents it from healing. I cannot see why else it would not heal. The athelas should have cured it but it did not and that I also fail to see." Legolas did not reply for a moment. When he did, he spoke softly so that the keen ears of the others might not hear. "That is what I believed," he said. "I wondered why it was that you seemed not to care." He paused for a second and did not look at her. "I feel that you have always concealed your emotions. For what purpose I know not; nor do I know whether you were taught to do so or do so instinctively. I suspect the cause, though I do not know for certain." He glanced at her suddenly, and the glance was keen and sharp. "However, I deem that this could harm you; for if you hide something that is too large, it could break your strength." Elizabette leaned back against a tree. "Maybe you know me better than anyone," she said, "except perhaps for Elrond, who has learned much through his farsight." She looked at him. "You are correct in saying that I have concealed my emotions, though this is through no device of my own." She sighed. "At the orphanage, no one liked me, for I was different. I hid my emotions from them, for if I had not they could have found ways to pain me. Perhaps it has become habit." Legolas glanced at her bandaged arm. "What will you do then?" he asked. Elizabette shook her head. "I know not," she replied. "Perhaps I will find a way of healing it." She shivered suddenly for she had felt that something warm behind her was missing. Legolas reached for her hand. "Are you all right?" he asked, worried. Elizabette glanced over her shoulder. "I am fine," she replied. Legolas kissed her gently. "We should go back," he said. Elizabette glanced around swiftly as they started back. When they reached the edge of the clearing where they had set up the camp, they stopped in surprise. The clearing was empty. There was little light because of the dense foliage, but Elizabette could easily see that there was nothing there. She glanced at Legolas. His eyes searched the clearing. "Did we come the wrong way?" she asked. He shook his head. "No. Look." He led her to the center of the space. Kneeling down, Elizabette saw the ashes from the fire. She could still feel the heat- the fire had not been out long. Elizabette glanced around frantically. "Where has everyone gone? Where is Súláríl?" Legolas did not reply. He was searching the perimeter of the space. Elizabette walked over to where Súláríl had stood when they had left. The space was empty. Súláríl? she shouted in her thoughts. She waited for a reply. There was none. Frightened, she reached out with her mind for his. She shouted again, Súláríl! After a long agonizing moment, Súláríl said, Elizabette? Where are you? I do not know. When you and Legolas walked away into the forest, the others continued to sit by the fire. Suddenly, we were plunged into darkness, and we are now somewhere far away. Are you still in Mirkwood? Yes. Is everyone there? Silrocca? The packs? Yes. What- A hand descended on her shoulder. She suppressed a scream with difficulty and whirled around. "Quiet. It's me," Legolas whispered. He glanced quickly around over his shoulder. "We are being watched." Elizabette also glanced around. "I see nothing," she whispered back. She frowned. "How could they all have disappeared? Súláríl says that they are still in Mirkwood." Legolas looked considerably relieved. "We will be able to find them, in that case," he said. "But we must first escape from here." Suddenly Elizabette sensed rather than saw a movement on the far edge of the clearing. She did not need Legolas' hiss to know that danger was present. "Spiders." - muahaha... cliffie. Not a particularly effective one though, as the next part is already posted:)