will never make the grade!" Faramir shouted angrily. "Oh, my boy! You are young still and will grow into your strengths. . .I suspect you are one of the youngest in your year, yes?" "Yes, and the others are all stronger and taller than me. . .even the training blades they use for drill practice are too heavy for me. . .they make me use a wooden blade." "It is early days yet but perhaps you are not destined to be a swordsman. I think you are trying too hard to follow in your brother's footsteps. You do not have to follow Boromir's path; he has his destiny and you have yours. Stop focussing on what you cannot yet do and work on your strengths. Elphir tells me you have a good arm with a bow. . .maybe that is where your talents lay." Imrahil released one of Faramir's hands and gently teased his clenched his open, placing his palm to Faramir's he continued, "Next time you are with Boromir, compare your hand to his. . .compare his broad, square hands and strong wrists with your slighter more supple ones. . .it is not only scholars who need such supple dexterity." Imrahil hugged his nephew until Faramir managed to raise just the barest hint of a smile but it quickly faded and Imrahil sighed. "Faramir, you are only just on the path to manhood, you have much growing and developing to do but be kind to yourself and allow nature to take its course. Change happens to us all and it is not always an easy nor a comfortable path." "But why must things change and why do I feel so confused and so. . .so angry!" "Who are you angry with, Faramir?" Imrahil asked gently. "Everything!" "Everything is not a 'who' Faramir. Tell me who you are angry with?" Imrahil demanded. Faramir again tried to pull away but again he found himself pinned in place. "Tell me, Faramir. Who are you angry with?" "I just wanted everything to be the same to be . . .to be comfortable and easy. . .To come here for the summer and to have everything as it used to be. . .how it should be!" "Who are you angry with?" Imrahil repeated. "Everyone!" Faramir finally yelled. "Everyone. Everyone. Boromir, for not being here when I needed him and Father for not caring and. . .and you for not seeing. . .and most especially at me. . .for childishly wanting summers here to always be the same," Faramir wept. "I'm sorry, my boy, for not seeing and understanding your distress earlier. I wish it were in my power to keep things here for you unchanged but that is beyond even my vast experience," he teased gently. "I'm sorry I ran away, uncle." "You're a good boy, even in that you couldn't really break the rules could you? I'm not sure it can be classed as running away when you never left the castle bounds." "You knew I was there all the time?" Faramir queried. "From the first evening. You were spotted at the tower doorway. . .you forgot your lessons on camouflage, Little Ranger, a light tunic fair glows in the moonlight!" "Oh!" "Oh, indeed. Now I believe that you and I have some business to attend to. I think it time to adjourn to your room and see this business concluded so that we may all enjoy the remainder of your time here with Boromir." "Yes, Sir. Uncle, I am really sorry.. .for everything!" "And will be more so before I am done with you, young one. And tomorrow we begin with a clean slate. oooOOOooo From his own chamber next to his brother's, Boromir could not help but hear the sounds of his little brother's chastisement in progress. The sound of hand impacting on a bare backside were unmistakable as were the increasingly loud wails as Imrahil impressed upon Faramir the error of his recent behaviour. Boromir winced as Faramir's cries reached a particularly fevered pitch but he had no fears for his little brother; he had complete confidence in his Uncle to care for his errant sibling. Only when the chastisement was ended and the sounds of distress lessen did Boromir put down his goblet of wine and go to attend his brother. He met his Uncle at the threshold of Faramir's room. "Is all well?" Boromir asked with a rueful smile. Imrahil patted his shoulder and pushed open the door to allow Boromir a glance of the view within. "He is fine. . .or will be when his rear stops glowing!" Faramir was already in bed, lying on his front; only the occasional hitched breath an indication of his earlier distress. "Thank you, Uncle." "He is growing up and finding the process both confusing and distressing. He misses you." "I do my best, Sir, but I have my own duties now that take me away from his side. I want to be there for him." "I know you do your best, Boromir. In normal circumstances he should be able to look to your father for support but we both know that that avenue is not open to him. We will both need to be there for him as often as we can," Imrahil commented sadly, waving Boromir into the room and closing the door to leave the two boys alone. "Well, little brother, you survived uncle's fearsome ministrations," Boromir teased his sleepy brother. "'M alright. . .but I never want to endure that again!" Faramir huffed indignantly, grabbing Boromir's hand and squeezing it tight. "Then you had best be on your best behaviour, Little Brother," Boromir chided. " What are you doing?" he asked as Faramir released his hand and placed their two palms together. "Just testing a theory," Faramir yawned and settled down onto the pillow with a sleepy smile. "Love you, Bor'mir," "I love you too, Little Rebel," Boromir whispered fondly as he dowsed the light. The End