or myself (because they were probably worried I would hurt myself in my hysteria, if you know what I mean) and they in turn lowered their weapons. "My name is Amy and this is Delia and Mandy." "M' ladies, a pleasure. I am Gandalf—" "Wait, Gandalf? Like Gandalf the Grey?" Mandy cut the old guy off. With a twang of hesitation he nodded. Suddenly, a look of panic came across my face. I tried to hide it, but I knew that with my luck someone must have seen it. I looked at Mandy just as Lizzy came out of the kitchen. "Look guys, perfect waffles!" Lizzy said, beaming at the plate she was holding. When she looked up, she gaped. "What's going on?" She asked, looking between me and the men, coming to stand right behind Delia. Suddenly, a look of realization came across her face. "You don't actually believe this, do you?" Lizzy asked in disbelief. She pinched her arm. "It must be an illusion. I didn't pull an all-nighter, I fell asleep at four in the morning watching those terribly long LOTR movies…" "Sorry, Lizzy." A grin came over my face like the Cheshire cat's…yeah, I wasn't sorry. "But it's the only think that makes any sort of sense. Remember the popping sound? Now, Lizzy, Delia," I addressed them each with a slight incline of the head, "Come meet the house guests!" I looked for a second between the two parties, and then introduced everyone. "Gentlefolk, these are my friends; Elizabeth, but she goes by Lizzy, Amanda, but we call her Mandy, and Delia. And again, I'm Amy. Ladies, this is Gandalf the Grey; Prince Legolas of Mirkwood; Aragorn, son of Arathorn; Boromir, son of Denethor, Steward of Gondor; Gimli, son of Gloin; and this is Meriadoc Brandybuck, Peregrin Took, Samwise Gamgee, and Frodo Baggins. Any questions?" "How do you know who we are?" Legolas asked, slitting his eyes too much for my taste. It totally ruined his looks. Note to self: don't make Legolas suspicious. I shrugged. I wasn't about to reveal my secrets, especially when they just got here. "I can promise you all two things right now. One, you will not be harmed here. Two, you will not be going back anytime soon," I told them in a hardcore serious voice, not making eye contact with anyone. I was really impressed with myself because I was incredibly giddy, and nervous. "Do you have any food by any chance?" Pippin asked. He got some rather pointed looks from the others, but I just laughed. "Lizzy's just finished making some right now. You probably haven't ever heard of a chocolate waffle before, have you?" I got nine shaking heads. "Then you are in for a grand treat!" I smiled for what must have been the umpteenth time that day. "We hate to impose on you like this. If we are too much of a bother, we can find shelter someplace else…" Aragorn suggested. The taller ones nodded while the hobbits looked hesitant, probably not sure if they would want to go wandering in a world that must obviously seem weird. "No offense or anything, but because of the way you're dressed, you would be in for brutal punishment if you tried to live out there by yourself. Even some of us still can't so that! Not to mention, there would be people arresting you for something since you are the characters from a fictional work here… forget I just said that," Delia said, slipping up, and walking back to the kitchen. "Delia! Come here and help me with food! Mandy, entertain them! Amy, call your mom!" Let's just say I didn't even want to attempt to talk to my mom yet. After a lot of convincing, Mandy decided to just turn the TV on, and showed the Fellowship around my house. It was hilarious to overhear her explanation on how to use a toilet. I had to intervene when she started to not come even close to being truthful ("What does this do?" "It controls the body. You can stop someone's heart with the push of a button!" … "Actually, it's just a TV remote that turns on and off that big black thing"). Once Lizzy was sure she was done with making waffles, I took them into the dining room, which was connected to the family room, and called the Fellowship into the room. Delia brought out bacon and bowls of fruit. I somehow had enough chairs to seat everyone around the table (or at least near it), and we sat down to a horribly awkward meal. Until my home phone rang. I jumped up and ran to answer it. "Hello?" I asked into the receiver, and a chorus of 'Shhs' silenced their questions about who I was talking to, and why that plastic thing was muffling my voice. "Hi Amy! It's Mom, we're on our way home. We should be home around lunch time…noon, give or take a half hour." "Okay. You certainly got up early. Why would you do that?" There was no answer. "Mom?" I looked at the phone and saw call ended . "Wow, Mom, hanging up on me. That's cool." There was a knock on the door, and as I grumbled about using a doorbell, I walked down the hall. I reached out to open it when many things happened. The door swung open and my sister, Eva, yelled, "Never mind, it's open!" The door slammed me in the head, which threw me back against the wall where I hit the other side of my head, I slumped to the ground, and everything went black. Was it as bad as you thought it was going to be? Chapter two is being edited, and will be posted shortly, the others were removed because, it was a lot more changed that it was originally. Thank you so much my beloved readers, and if you made it all the way through, cookies for you!