gown. She whimpered at the heat his fingertips left behind as they graced along her back. "You would bind yourself to me, NÍnimil?" He let the gown pool at her feet and she was left standing in her under dress. "I require an answer, NÍnimil, or I shall be forced to stop." "No," she breathed. Legolas felt his heart drop into his stomach. "No?" he asked quietly, pulling away. NÍnimil felt cold suddenly, why had he gone. Oh no! she thought scolding herself, whipping around to see his crestfallen face. "No, don't stop." His mouth dropped open in a small o. "As if I need to answer the first, Legolas. You know without a doubt I would bind myself to you, I could never love another. I haven't in over a millennia." His mouth crushed to hers, his hands feverishly on her hips as he backed her up until they fell back onto the bed. He hovered over her, supporting himself with one arm while the other snaked down under her under dress and skimmed up her calf and tightened on her thigh. He pressed himself against her and let a groan of pleasure escape his lips when he felt her hips rise up to meet his. He wiggled his way out of his boots and rolled onto his back, taking her with him. NÍnimil's fingers were now working the lacing of his leggings. She grinned, pulling her under dress over her head and looking down at him, her hair falling around them in a dark curtain. "Lle naa vanima," (you're beautiful) Legolas said softly, running a hand down the length of her creamy skin. She leaned in and covered his lips with her own. "As are you, meleth nin." She was meant for him, they were meant for each other, for there was no other that could possibly make him feel as complete as he did in this moment. He began to move slowly, his blue eyes never leaving her green ones as two souls became one. No words need be spoken, only the breathing that was shared between them and the soft sounds of pleasure that they shared. . . They were to officially have an autumn wedding, even if Thranduil was sure they were bound well before then; but he bit his tongue on the matter. That elleth; that beautiful, pushy, majestic, elleth had saved his son in more ways than one, and he wouldn't dare wish for another to call his daughter. "Elflings, my sweet, NÍnimil, I insist on elflings in the near future," the King whispered into her ear on her wedding day. "I am well beyond the years after all." He twirled her around the dance floor with ease, despite having a belly full of wine. "You'll get them when you get them, old man," she smiled sweetly. "Your son is trying to rebuild a destroyed woodland don't forget. That is a very tiring job." Thranduil smirked, "Still have that mortal charm, I see." "Oh, and you're still as bull headed as ever," she said with an eye roll as he spun her around in a circle. Thranduil let out a deep laugh, "Yes, I suppose some things shall always remain the same." He stilled their dance and held his hands in hers, pressing a kiss to her knuckles. "Meleth thilia min hin lin. I wish you an eternity of happiness, iell." (love sparkles in your eyes/daughter) NÍnimil brushed away a tear and smiled up at Thranduil while biting down on her lower lip. She went up on her toes and pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Hannon le, my lord," she said softly. Thranduil gave her a glare and raised his eyebrow to her. "I am not calling you Ada," she laughed. "At least not yet." Legolas stepped up beside them and gave his father a long sigh. "Must you pester her, Ada; I've heard you did much of that while I was away." Thranduil smiled and clapped his son on the back, "No, I shall take my leave. Perhaps I will go find that dwarf friend of yours." Legolas groaned and slid an arm around NÍnimil's back, pulling her forehead to his. "Elflings?" "Mmm." She hummed in response, pressing a kiss to his lips. "What did you tell him?" Legolas let his hand graze over her abdomen with a grin and she quickly batted it away with a laugh. "Stop!" she giggled, "I said 'you'll get them when you get them, old man'," she grinned smoothing out the front of his robes and linking her arms around his neck. "You said no such thing!" he laughed with a smile that lit up his eyes. "My exact words. Let's just hope our children are more patient with your father than I am." He leaned down and captured her lips in a kiss, tasting the remnants of cake. "How is it I found you, meleth nin?" he whispered against her. "You almost died," she smirked. "And then I brought you back. A lot of work to gain the heart of a Prince." She fingered the spot where his scar lie beneath his robes. "Do you think we ever would have found each other otherwise?" She asked, her eyes dimming and the smile on her face falling into a frown. "NÍnimil, of that I have no doubt." Legolas cupped her face in his hands kissing her soundly with all the love he had inside of him to give. He traced the tips of her ears and let his hand rest on her cheek. "Sevog i veleth nîn. Gerog i chûn nîn. Gin melathon an-uir." (you have my love/ you hold my heart/ I will love you for eternity.) He kissed her lips again and wiped away the tear that had fallen with his thumb. "Come now, meleth, I believe we have overstayed our wedding feast welcome." . . A/N2: Now be good little ones, and leave Shelly some love in that box before you go.