cheers. This was ridiculous. Many of his guests, especially the Sackville-Baggineses, where insulted, feeling sure they had only been invited to fill the required number, like in a package. 'One Gross, indeed! vulgar expression.' "It also, if I may be allowed to refer to ancient history, the anniversary of my arrival by barrel at Esgorth on the Long Lake; though the fact it was my birthday slipped my mind at the time. I was only fifty-one then, and birthdays did not seem so important. The banquet was splendid, however, though I had a bad could at the time, I remember, and could only say 'thag you very buch'. I now repeat it more correctly: Thank you very much for coming to my little party." Obstinate silence. They all feared a song or some poetry was now imminent; and they where getting bored. Why wouldn't he stop talking and let them drink his health? But Bilbo did not sing or recite. He paused a moment. "Thirdly and finally," he said, "I wish to make an ANNOUNCEMENT." He spoke this last word so loudly and suddenly that everyone sat up who still could. "I regret to announce that-though as I said, eleventy-one years is far to short a time to spend among you-this is the END. I am going. I am leaving NOW. GOOD-BYE!" He stepped down and vanished. Bilbo was no where to be seen. One hundred and forty-four hobbits sat back speechless. Then all at once everyone started talking. I immediately got to my feet and headed to Bilbo's place. I burst into the house to find Gandalf and Bilbo talking, well more like yelling at each other. "Sarah, will you please help try to convince this poor hobbit that I am not trying to take his ring away from him," Gandalf said when he spotted me. "Well how should I know that you are not trying to rob me! You have always question and pestered me about the ring Gandalf! So ho-" "BILBO BAGGINS! I WILL NOT BE ACCUSED OF ROBBERY! I AM NOT TRYING TO ROB YOU!" Gandalf shouted and he seemed to grow another three feet, but as quickly as it happened it stopped and Gandalf calmed down again. "I am trying to help you." I am quiet shocked by Biblo's anger. ever have I scene the old hobbit act so hostile. He is always kind and joyful, so the way he is acting worries me greatly for him and about the the ring he carries. "Gandalf!" Poor Bilbo then broke down sobbing and hugged Gandalf tightly. "Bilbo, I believe it is best you go as your plans were originally and leave the ring as well." I said soothingly. "Perhaps you are both right." He said letting go of Gandalf and wiping away a few stray tears. "Right! Off I go on my little adventure then!" He then put on an old green cloak, grabbed a large bag and a walking stick. Then proceeding to the door. "Biblo, you still have the ring in your pocket." Gandalf said stepping forward. "Oh. . .right you are." He reached into his pocket and pulled out the golden ring that Gandalf has told me much about. With a final look he dropped it to the floor and hurried out the door. Gandalf and I saw him off as he hummed a tune and was followed by a few Dwarves. "Gandalf, I am worried about that ring. If it was able to make Bilbo act like that, then the same could happen to Frodo." "Indeed, I believe it be a wise choice if we take a look at this ring before in goes into young Frodo's hands." We then walked into the house and looked down at the golden ring. What was truly shocking was that when Gandalf went to pick it up he looked to be thrown back and panic filled the old wizards eyes. "What is it Gandalf?" I asked putting a hand on his shoulder. "Sarah, I believe that this ring. This one ring could be the master ring." My eyes widened at these words. Never has so much fear filled me. This ring, this little ring could be the very ring the caused so much pain and destruction in the world. "What do we do?" "Leave, we cannot be sure that the ring is actually this ring. We must find Gollum and do some research. Go pack your things, we leave immediately." I nodded and went and received my things. Throwing on my cloak, bag, and weapons. When I got back Frodo was here and was talking to Gandalf. "Leaving! But you have only just arrived!" Frodo said as Gandalf headed towards the door with me at his heals. I whistled for Pang as Gandalf spoke to Frodo in a rushed tone. I saddled Gandalf's horse. "Are you leaving as well Sarah?" Frodo asked me. "I'm afraid so. But don't worry, we will return as soon as possible." Frodo looked at me sadly before nodding with a smile. Pang ran up to me and I checked his saddle before mounting. Beside me Gandalf got onto his horse and looked at Frodo in a serious way. "Do not speak to anyone of the ring. Keep it safe, keep it hidden. If it is as I fear that ring can bring great danger to you." Fear flickered in Frodo's eyes. "Do not worry Frodo, you will be fine," I said with a smile. "Good-bye Master Baggins," Gandalf then took off on his horse. "Before I go," I said reaching into a bag and pulling out a small box and handing it to Frodo. "Where I come from we give gifts to the person having the birthday. I hope you like it and happy birthday." "Thank you Sarah." "Farewell Frodo, till we meet again." "Always a dramatic ending." "Hey it me." I then had Pang run after Gandalf. I hoped that this time we would not be gone so long.