With a long-suffering sigh, Katie went to the kitchen and opened up the fridge to see what leftovers she had. There was some tomato soup, a little leftover pizza, and when she checked the freezer, she found the frozen lasagna that her grandma had sent her off to school with. "How do you guys feel about tomatoes?" she called over her shoulder as she pulled the lasagna tray from the freezer. There were a few yeses but no nos, so she set the lasagna on the counter and set about preheating the oven. "What is this?" one of the hobbits asked. "Lasagna," Katie answered. She turned to see puzzled faces all around. "It's, well it's like, uh," she paused to figure out how to explain it. "It's noodles and tomato sauce and lots of cheese," she explained as best as she could. "Plus, my grandma made it, so it's fucking delicious." That sent the hobbits into a discussion over what foods their own grandmothers made and it descended into what Katie had the feeling was a long-standing argument over who made the better pie crust: Grandma Took or Grandma Brandybuck. The rest of the Fellowship was standing back kind of awkwardly, simply observing her house. They seemed fascinated by things Katie took for granted - the upholstery on the large plaid couch in the living room, her roommate's pottery that lined a lot of the shelves, even the fucking binding on her copy of the Fellowship of the Ring- Aragorn still had her copy of Fellowship of the Ring. Katie went over to him where he was seated at the kitchen table, reading. "What part are you at?" she asked him. "We are being attacked by wolves in Hollin," he said, looking up at her. Her eyebrows shot up. "Okay, that's enough reading for you," Katie said, snatching the book out of his hands. "What are you doing?" "You can't just read ahead," Katie said, "you're living this shit, what happens if you read too far ahead and find out what's happening and then end up changing things?" she said, willing her eyes not to flick to Gandalf or Boromir. "She does have a point," speak of the devil and he shall appear, Katie thought as Gandalf spoke up. "Thank you," Katie said, and with that, she took Fellowship with her to the bookcase where she plucked the rest of the trilogy off of the shelves. She considered taking The Hobbit from Gandalf as well, but after some thought she figured that as it was in their past, it couldn't hurt. She dashed up the stairs to stuff the books in her closet and was quick to return downstairs. "Are you guys thirsty?" she asked them, reciting the polite question that her mom had been drilling into her skull since she was six. There were a few nods from them and she went to the fridge, noticing that Merry and Pippin were following her. "Well," she began, scrutinizing the contents of the fridge. "I've got four - no, five - decent bottles of beer, a few cheap cans, milk, water, orange juice, and I think that's apple cider in the back?" she reached for the jug to check the label. "Yeah, apple cider. Pick your poison." "Poison?" she heard Legolas ask from behind her. "It's just a figure of speech, I just meant pick your drink," she explained while she continued to loot through the fridge. "I'll take a beer if that's alright, lass," Gimli said, and she set the bottle on the counter. "Anyone else for a beer?" Katie asked over her shoulder. Aragorn and Boromir shared a look before they both shrugged and took bottles for themselves. Soon enough, everyone was nursing some sort of drink and they had lapsed into silence. This is so fucking surreal. Katie couldn't get over this. The Fellowship of the Fucking Ring was in her kitchen. In her kitchen, for fuck's sake! Anyway, they ate her lasagna, finished off the last of her beer, and polished off her leftover pizza and by the time they were done, it was 4:03 AM. "Okay," Katie declared with a yawn, "I don't care if you're all older than me, it is bedtime and you cannot tell me otherwise." Thankfully, none of them spoke up to argue. "Hobbits, are you guys okay with sharing couches?" she called over her shoulder as she trooped up to the linen closet on the second floor. There was a chorus of "yeses" from downstairs. Katie reached the closet and grabbed a large stack of blankets, large enough to require two hands for carrying. She kicked the closet door shut and headed back downstairs to her more than unexpected guests. "Okay then," she said from behind the blankets in her arms. "Hobbits, each of you take a blanket." The four of them obeyed and once four blankets were gone from her pile, Katie could actually see in front of herself again, which was a nice bonus. "You four go claim your couch spots," she said, then turning to the remaining five. "You guys are gonna be stuck on the floor, unless one of you wants the lumpy-ass armchair." They all opted for the floor. Once the fucking Fellowship of the Ring was settled in her living room - no, nobody needed to keep watch at the doors, Jesus Christ - Katie made sure the doors were locked (habit), turned out the lights, and trooped up to bed herself. She closed her bedroom door behind her and leaned back against it with a heavy sigh. Because holy fucking shit, what the actual hell was her life right now? No, Katie, chill. Worry about it in the morning. Sleep. Sleep is all that matters right now. Katie was surprised she managed to change into her pajamas before she collapsed into bed. She was asleep the second her head hit the pillow. Thoughts? Let me know in a comment! Thanks for reading, Natalie out.