said timorously. The man continued to stare at him. "Child. Listen carefully to this final word. You cannot escape from who you are. You cannot hide it. Neither can you change it. However, it is your choice as to what you will do with it. And it is your responsibility to use it for good." He waved a hand at Frodo. "You may go now." Confused and disturbed still further by these words, Frodo merely nodded briefly and hurried out the door, trying to shake off his unease. ----------------------- Pippin sighed and leaned back, rubbing his stomach. "Now that was a meal worth eating!" The hobbits, king, and wizard had completed their exploration of the fourth and third circles of the city. All of them-- even Pippin, to his slight dismay-- had acquired new and interesting bits of information about Minas Tirith. Fortunately, the unfamiliar sights and sounds had proved an efficacious distraction to Frodo and had alleviated most of his distress at the occurrences on the fifth circle. Upon reaching the second circle, the group had chosen to stop for their dinner at The Black Cygnet, the inn whose ale Pippin had lauded to his elder cousin several hours earlier. Fortunately, Aragorn had not been identified by any of its patrons, so the party had been able to enjoy their meal in peace, despite some whisperings about the periannath and the White Wizard. Everyone had agreed that both food and ale were exceptional. Even Frodo had eaten more than usual, to the satisfaction of his friends. Aragorn smiled in response to Pippin's statement. "It certainly was." He stood and stretched. "I will most definitely stop here often in the future." The rest in the party stood as well, pushing back their wooden chairs noisily. With a final adieu to the innkeeper, they ambled out the door. "Only two more circles to see," Pippin said, rubbing his hands together. "Well, one and a half, really...We're already partly finished with this one." "There is really not much more to see on either," Aragorn commented. "Most of the damage inflicted upon the city took place on the first and second circles. Although there are men working on the restoration, it may be a long time before the city regains its pristine state." Indeed, as the group had descended circle by circle, they had noticed more and more signs of the devastation the war had wrought upon Minas Tirith. Gandalf nodded toward a group of workers near a demolished portion of the city wall. "Let us go and ask after their progress." The party moved toward the workers. One man who apparently was directing the others gave them a bow of deference and a friendly nod. He recognized the wizard and the periannath immediately, though he wasn't certain who the man accompanying them was. "Good day, sirs," he said respectfully. "A good day to you as well," Gandalf replied. "How are the repairs coming along?" The man ran a hand through his hair. "Oh, as well as can be expected, I suppose, sir. Having more men would be helpful, of course. Also, we're running a bit short on materials, but another shipment is supposed to come in tomorrow." He gestured toward a group of horses by the wall. "And some of these horses are far too high-spirited for the work they're doing. Unfortunately, so many were lost in the war that these were all we could get." "Ah," Gandalf said sympathetically. "Well, I'm certain you're doing your best with what tools you have. Thanks to the efforts of your men, Minas Tirith is already well on its way to becoming the proud city it once was." With a final word of farewell to the man, the group moved away. Pippin, glancing at Frodo, saw his cousin drop his chin to his chest with a sigh. Perceiving Frodo's new melancholy and its cause, Pippin placed his arm around the elder hobbit's shoulders. "Don't be sad," he said softly. "The city is being rejuvenated, and the people are rejoicing." Frodo raised bleak eyes to Pippin's face. "I...I know," he murmured. "I just wish you hadn't been here." Pippin looked at his cousin with conviction. "I'm glad I was." Frodo peered at him in mild surprise. Pippin continued. "I'm proud I was able to help in what ways I could." An inscrutable expression swept across his face. "And I wasn't ever alone." Frodo's chin quivered, and he looked as though he was about to respond. He was precluded, however, by an exclamation from Merry, who walked a few paces ahead of them. "Mushrooms!" Merry announced in surprise and delight, rushing toward a vendor's stall where he had caught sight of the long-coveted morsels. Pippin and Sam hastened after him, and Aragorn and Gandalf strode along behind with a chuckle. Frodo was beginning to follow, but suddenly he heard a commotion from the direction of the ruined wall. Turning around, he saw that one of the work horses had broken away from the group. A worker tried to restrain it, but it resisted. Rearing on its hind legs, it tossed its head and began galloping away-- straight towards him. Its coat was a deep, glossy black...dark as the blackest night... The horse is black: wreathed in darkness. Its eyes glow red, and he can feel its hot, flaming breath as it nears him. His eyes travel upward to its rider. Masked in shadow, just as its mount is, the Rider is carrying a naked sword in his hands. He looks into the Rider's face but sees only Emptiness...sees only-- A sudden panicked shout brought him back to reality. "Frodo, look out!" He had only time to blink his eyes before he felt a mighty blow to his head. The world began to spin wildly, and everything became confused. The ground swiftly rose to meet him, darkness fell, and he knew no more. -tbc- Please do leave me a review if you can spare a moment! Pretty please:)