hardly noticed that they had passed the gate. Behind them, a horn uttered an eerie, resonating note. The sound chilled Necheykha to the bone, but then it slowly sank in that she was free – ironically safe amidst Saruman's most powerful army: the Fighting Uruk-hai! She stifled the urge to cry out in joy and triumph. The rest would be easy. She would slowly drift to the side and eventually melt into the forest where it was still lush and healthy. She was confident that the Uruks couldn't be bothered with some snaga gone astray. The echo of the horn's call was still in the air, as the troop unexpectedly started to pick up speed. All of a sudden, she was surrounded by the heavy stomping of iron-shod boots, and one of Saruman's soldiers almost bumped into her. Instead of making impact, he cursed viciously and stretched a long arm to hurl her out of his way. Necheykha lost her foothold and was thrown back into the middle of the running Uruk-hai. As she fell, her only emotion was silent gratitude for the reflex that had made her stretch her right arm. Somehow she had managed to catch herself on that arm and her twisted feet without landing on her belly. Some Uruks simply ignored her, others shouted and cursed. She scrambled to her feet, afraid that they would kick her out of sheer spite. Just as she had righted herself, another one barged into her back. He grabbed her shoulder and shook her violently. "Stop – stop. Please stop!" she wailed. Even for a very intimidated snaga the creature's behavior was strange, and the Uruk's eyes narrowed. He stopped abusing his victim and pulled it around to look at its face. Upon seeing a human countenance, he burst into roaring laughter. "What are you doing here, weakling?" he asked in abysmally bad Westron. "Has Sharkey sent you along as a food ration?" Grinning, he licked his teeth. Necheykha did not avert her gaze. Oddly enough, the baby moving inside her gave her enough confidence to speak up. "I am from Isengard and under Saruman's orders, just like you," she countered in Black Speech. "And what would those orders be?" he sneered. Others were pushing against them and more cursing ensued. Weapons and shoulders hard with well-trained muscles brushed or hit them, and within seconds there was quite a turmoil. But just when Necheykha saw herself surrounded by five or six Uruks, another one cut through the crowd. His fellows obligingly cleared the path for him, and he came to stand right before Necheykha, towering over the rather grotesque looking woman. At this point, she was too shaken to speak. She looked into the angry eyes of the Uruk-hai leader, and memories – completely out of place here – washed over her. The rough licking of a curious tongue. Pleased purring that resonated through her body. A hot, heavy body against hers. His nostrils widened, then his eyes too. He recognized her, but the vertical line on his forehead remained. "What are you doing here?" he demanded abruptly and irritably. She managed a voiceless whisper. "I... fled... because I don't want to endanger my child." His gaze traveled downward and he took in her changed form, while she briefly wondered if the Uruk-hai had ever seen animals heavy with young. "Your child is in danger here ," he growled in a low voice, not sounding particularly patient. "Go back. I have not forgotten my promise, but neither will I vouch for your safety." "No!" Necheykha shook her head vehemently. "Saruman will make our child a slave, just like... us." At that, he grabbed her arm and hauled her away from the others to the side of the road. There, he made her look him in the eye, painfully cupping her chin and forcing her to lift her head. She felt her neck cramp. One sharp claw was dangerously close to her racing pulse, and she let out a gasp. "What wizardry is this?" he hissed dangerously close to her face. "Saruman's wizardry," she replied bitterly. "You're lying," he snorted, but it did not sound convinced. She had begun to cry silently, entangled in the warring of an absurd impulse of wanting to hide in his arms and demand the protection she and her child were entitled to and mortal fear of being ripped apart by Saruman's strongest and possibly cruelest creation. For a few seconds they just stood there. She made no attempt to fight him, completely resigned in his merciless grip. Even now, he liked to feel her close and his loins were stirring, but her passivity was unnerving. Helplessness was not an emotion he had encountered before, but Lurtz was well aware that it would inevitably give way to anger, as all of his unpleasant emotions eventually did. "If you think I am lying, kill me and the child now." To her surprise, one of the calloused fingers gently caressed her chin, albeit the owner of that finger made no other attempt to ease her discomfort. His look was still taxing. She swallowed. "And if I don't kill you?" "Then I will raise my – our – child in freedom. It is strong, and I..." His expression made her fall silent. "Go!" he snarled, taking his hand off her chin. In disbelief, she stumbled backward, half expecting a blow or a push. She nodded through the tears, but he had already spun around to shout orders at his subordinates. Then he merged with the other Uruk-hai and was gone, as the troop's rearguard disappeared in the twilight. Slowly, the woman turned around and stepped into the dark woods. They held no threat, as she had witnessed and faced darkness of another, far more dangerous kind. And there was a task at hand. Gently and lovingly Necheykha caressed her swelling belly. There was somebody who needed her. If she could, she would take him back, to the light. 22