the ground and rolled away. But not before he felt a rip on his sides and a warm liquid spilling from the new wounds. "Give up… human!" the creature spit out. Aragorn just kept running. It was useless, but his brothers told him to. Besides, at this point, there was no harm it could do. "Your fate will be much… gentler… if you submit now!" screamed the wraith. Something told Aragorn not to speak, but to keep running. Then came the scream. A high-pitch inhuman screech. Aragorn covered his ears, but kept running. He couldn't hear the Witch-king's voice anymore, only the screams and another strange sound he couldn't make out. 'Here it comes,' he thought, 'in a minute that beast will grip you in its claws and take you away to hell on Middle Earth. You were so stupid, Aragorn! Your damn pride! You didn't use your brain, and now you are paying for it!' But the claws surrounding his body never came. Instead, he saw his brothers catch up to him. Aragorn stopped when they motioned him to. "It is alright, Estel," said Elrohir. "We stopped him," said Elladan. "Set fire to his robes." "It is the one thing he fears." "He will not come after you for awhile." Aragorn suddenly felt exhausted and collapsed. Elladan caught him. "Come on, little brother, it is time to take you home," he said softly in elvish. Part 8: Healing Gilraen opened the door to her son's bed chambers. He was sitting on his window seat again, thinking. He had been doing that a lot since his return. She had heard the full story, and the confession to showing off, but she had forgiven him because he was safe, and, while the enemy knew he existed, they did not know exactly where he was. But something was different about him now. His wounds were healed, although Gilraen was never allowed to see them (Lord Elrond said it would break her heart). But when she looked in his eyes, the youthful innocence was gone. But why? He was still so young. "My son, what troubles you so?" she asked. He looked at her and smiled. "Hello, mother." That was the reply she had gotten every time she had asked him in the last month. But now, she was not going to take it. Her heart ached for him, wanted for him to put his burden on her. "But you did not answer my question, Aragorn." Immediately the boy stood up and placed something in her hands. It was the ring of Barahir. "But…" she started. "No, mother. I do not deserve this," he said. "Yes you do, my son." "NO I DON'T!" he exclaimed. Gilraen knew something was hurting her child. "Why do you think you are not worthy of your heritage, Aragorn?" she asked. "I was stupid with it. I thought it was amazing to be the son of a king, heir to the noble kingdom of…. But I told everyone. I nearly got myself killed! If I died, there could never be a king of Gondor if she ever needed one." He looked his mother in the eye. "Lord Elrond told me because he thought I was grown up enough. He thought I was mature enough to handle it now. But he was wrong. I am still too young for this. I am still… a child." Gilraen held her son tight. "Oh, Aragorn, if only you could see!" "See what? There is nothing to see." "But you have grown up so much in the past couple of months! Some things people learn by other people telling them. Others must be learned from experience. You have just learned a very difficult, but a good lesson from this. And now, you are not thinking of yourself. You are thinking of using your gift for others." "What do you mean?" asked Aragorn. "Before you left, you wanted to go and become king overnight." Here Aragorn opened his mouth in shock, but Gilraen said, "Don't ask me how I know. I'm your mother, I know everything. But now you are thinking about the people. You said that they might not need a king right now. You are thinking of their needs, not your desires. "And now you know exactly how delicate this secret of your is. I assume you will not be telling people so freely again, right?" Aragorn shook his head. "Good. In the meantime, keep this," she said, giving him back the ring of Barahir, "Your father would want you to." Aragorn took the ring and then looked her in the eyes. "I'm sorry, mother." "I forgive you, Aragorn. It will be all right." Aragorn walked down the halls of Rivendell thinking about what his mother had told him. The ring of Barahir was in his pocket where, in his opinion, it belonged. Maybe when he put this experience behind him a little better he would wear it, but only in Rivendell. Here, he was Estel, maybe even Aragorn sometimes. Out there… he didn't know who he'd be yet. But suddenly he heard the roar of water and saw darkness. He lifted the bucket off his head, his clothes soaking wet. Aragorn turned as he heard a snigger to the side. It was Elladan. But he soon saw both of the twin brothers rolling on the floor laughing. "I'll get you two for this!" he cried. "I don't think so!" they replied back at the same time. The chase began. Aragorn smiled. Maybe his mother was right. Maybe sometimes, you just had experiences that you had to learn what you could from and put them behind you. Every step felt like he was running away from his burdens. Maybe he had matured during that journey. But he didn't feel like being grown-up, at least not right now. Planning revenge on the two elves who had recently soaked him in the doorway sounded like too much fun right now. The End THE END