no child." She shoved her hair back so he could see her ears, as if this would explain why she might come across to him as a child, and it did. It explained why even at her most serious, even as cynical as she might be, her beauty made her seem innocent and her grace made her seem surreal. "My son, my father, and I live here in Minis Tirith." The man smiled, "I am known by many things, but here perhaps as Mithrandir, and this is Peregrine Took." "You're a maiar," Rylan gasped in awe, peering around Iliana at these two people. Iliana nodded for Mithrandir and answered for him, recognizing the name Mithrandir, "Gandalf the Grey, now the White." "Yes." "And in answer to my question? Will Rohan come? Be honest." Gandalf thought a moment, as if weighing what he wanted to say, then replied, "They must be called, and Denethor will not." That didn't really answer Iliana's question, but in itself was an answer of sorts. He wasn't sure. He didn't know. Perhaps Theodon was as unpredictable as Denethor. However, Rylan grabbed Iliana's arm and breathed, "Mama, we could do it. We could light the Beacon." Gandalf smiled down at Rylan and inquired, "Would you do that?" "Yes. If it meant they might come," Rylan nodded, his face awash with the hope of a child despite the pessimistic city he lived in. "I may call on you to do that. But not right now. Tomorrow I may call on you." Rylan smiled with anticipation, then nodded with a very serious expression, "I'll be ready." Here they parted ways, Iliana and Rylan stopping by the kitchens to get some food to take home, then going back to the house where they found Iliana's father sound asleep in his room, a bottle of alcohol on its side on the floor, spilling out onto the boards. Iliana righted it, then closed the door and hoped he would stay there the rest of the night at least. She'd dealt with enough imbalanced men for one day. Rylan helped Iliana make supper, and the two ate up on the roof, sitting on the slant to watch as the stars came out. Once their food had disappeared, Iliana set the dishes back inside, then stretched out beside Rylan and stared up at the sky. After a couple minutes of silence, Rylan asked, "Mama, do you think Mithrandir will really call on me tomorrow." "I think it's highly likely." Rylan thought a moment, then asked, "And if they called on me to fight–" "You're only twelve," Iliana quickly interrupted. "I know that. But boys my age were fighting in Rohan. Would you let me fight?" "No." "Why not?" "For one, it's not our war. You aren't a soldier of Gondor, or even a child of Gondor." "Than what am I a child of, if not the city I live in?" Iliana sighed and shook her head, "Don't argue with me on this, Rylan. You will not fight in this war. If I do nothing right as a mother, I can at least save you from ever having to fight in a war, much less one that's not even ours." "But it is our war, Mum! We live in Arda. Sauron will kill us right along with every other person in Gondor. We have as much at stake in this as anyone else. If the city falls, we'll go down with it!" Rylan insisted, sitting up. As soon as he said this, Iliana sat up straight beside him, grabbed his arm, and shook it, "No, we won't. Or at least you won't. You listen to me, Rylan. If anything happens to me, or to this city, you are to go down to the harbor as soon as you can and get in a boat." "And what, sail to Grey Havens all by myself?" "If you can't, then sail North. Watch the coast, and you're bound to find other Elven ships headed for the Grey Havens. They'll take you along." Rylan frowned and shook his head, "Mum, you don't need to be telling me this, because even if we have to flee, you'll be right there–" "And if I'm not?" "You will be," Rylan insisted. "You don't know that, sweetheart. Anything could happen, and if it does, I want you to safety before it's too–" "No!" Rylan interrupted, shoving her hand away and glaring at her. "You'll be there. Whatever happens, we'll go together." His pretty blue eyes grew larger than ever and watered up, giving away instantly his feelings. He couldn't handle the idea of losing his mother any more than she could handle the idea of losing her son. Iliana nodded and pulled him against her chest until his breathing slowed down, swaying gently side to side. He had gotten the message, so there was no reason to speak of it again. Instead Iliana nodded, "We will together." "Not tonight, though, because Mithrandir may call upon me tomorrow." Iliana laughed, "Yes, he just might, and you said you would be ready. We shall see how tomorrow goes." Though she didn't voice it to Rylan, she had been torn for weeks now between staying in Gondor where they were close to the Harbour and could quickly get away in boats should the need arise, or going further North to put distance between themselves and Mordor, which would give them more time to escape if things went bad, though then they would be almost clueless as to how things were going. Well, perhaps tomorrow would provide some answers. They didn't stay up there much longer; just long enough to watch the stars and try to ignore the flames and smoke and death floating on the air from Mordor. When the night darkened so that they could no longer ignore it, Iliana and Rylan went inside and made for bed, Rylan curling up into his mother's side where he had every night since he had been born.