Please allow me to escort you to Lord Elrond." The blonde elf girl nodded rather…smugly and smiled a dazzling sort of smile. Maybe blinding is the better word. Alex, who I now have to get used to calling Tiriel, frowned. "Er, yeah, that's cool, but I think you're hurting M-Ilmarë." I nodded furiously. "Yeah! Listen here mister, if you so much as sprain my wrist, I'm going to rise from the dead once my mom has killed me for not practicing my violin and unleash my undead wrath on you!" Glorfindel shot me a look that was somewhere between confusion and anger. "What is a violin? And it is no fault of mine that your wrist is weak. You should perhaps not be so idle, so that you might grow broader shoulders and strength in your arms." Oh yeah…we'd established that Alex-I mean Tiriel-and I are trapped in Middle Earth. They don't have violins…I don't think. Well, they might but it would have a different name here. But wow, I didn't know elves spoke English. "A violin is a type of musical instrument! And-WHY WOULD I WANT TO GROW BROADER SHOULDERS? I'M A FUCKING GIRL, NOT SOME BUTCH BODY BUILDER!" Judging by his face, Glorfindel didn't understand what I just said. Or at least, not the important part. Language barriers suck, and I have a feeling that asking him if he speaks Spanish won't help. At least, I thought so until he dropped my hand like it was on bloody fire and stepped back. Crap, did I say the wrong thing? Maybe I accidentally said something that sounded like "I am Sauron" in elvish…? "You are a woman?" Ah, so the important part did get through to him. "YES! AND YOU ARE AN ASSHOLE !" It didn't look like he understood my insult, but instead he grabbed my wrist again and pushed me to the ground. I cried out because, well, if you've been reading closely, you'll know I hurt my shoulder saving Al-Tiriel from an orc. Glorfindel whistled loudly, kneeling beside me. I warned Tiriel to stay put with a sharp look, because she looked like she was about to kick some hardcore elvish ass. The blonde chick looked really bored. I heard the rather pleasant sound of horse's hooves approaching. Within a few seconds, there was a grey steed at my side. I mean white. Well, grey in actual horse terms. But I used to ride, and I don't know if everyone would know about stuff like that if they didn't. "Come Asfaloth. Another requires your aid." The horse like knelt on the floor and the next thing I knew, there were two hands on my back. No, on my shoulder. "Ilmarë, is it not? I will now set your shoulder. It will hurt." I didn't even have enough time to turn around and mutter a few choice words at the blonde man's face, because the two hands on my back suddenly applied A LOT of pressure and I felt my bone snap back into place. Then Glorfindel tried to pull me up onto the horse. And I say tried because he didn't succeed. "No thank you, my lord. I would rather walk ." Glorfindel, clearly annoyed, glared at me, but I matched his expression with my best "boss face" and we reached a stalemate. Knowing, unfortunately, that I wasn't going to win, I decided to just walk on, my hand clutched to my shoulder as I made my way to Tiriel. "Are you okay?" I sniffled at my friend's innocent question. "Peachy. When we get home, you owe me a carton of ice cream." Tiriel looked taken aback. "For what?" I grinned. "For saving your life. I freaking tackled an orc for you, dude. Cut me some slack." Just like that, she started laughing, and I joined in, and we basically "made merry" all the way down the valley. The look on Glorfindel's face was hilarious. He looked really annoyed. Feeling more than a tad wicked, I plastered the most innocent expression I could garner on my face and pointed at the blonde elf lady's ankle, having noted the rather obvious looks of adoration and…something else that she had been throwing at Glorfindel every few seconds. Judging from the look of deep discomfort on his face, he had as well. "Oh no! Lady Luna! You're ankle is hurt!" She threw me a haughty look. "It's Lady Luna Arwen Eowyn Galadriel Moonshine to you, peasant." Barely biting back a nasty retort, I turned to Glorfindel. "My lord, surely you would not leave an injured lady to her luck in such a manner? After all, it was Lady, er, Moonshine that had her sword out and ready when the orcs attacked, and it was she who attempted to rouse me as I lay unconscious on the ground. Surely such valor cannot be overlooked? Clearly, the lady needs your assistance." The scathing look I got in return was worth every figurative penny. I knew that there was really nothing wrong with her foot, and I highly doubted she'd actually even fought, I mean, even GLORFINDEL, the TWICE-BORN BALROG-SLAYER got dirty when fighting. She was as fresh as a spring morning. No worries, though, because the second I mentioned it, she started limping like a horse with three lame legs. He sighed. "Lady Ilmarë is too kind. How could I have overlooked it? Please, you shall ride my horse. And of course, you mustn't fear. My horse will not let any rider fall that I command him to bear. His pace is light and smooth enough for your comfort, I should think, as well. His name is Asfaloth." The blonde she-elf ran to his side to "allow" him to assist her in mounting so quickly I thought she'd put on the ring and disappeared. I snuck a smug glance at Glorfindel's pained face. This was going to interesting. Very, very interesting. In Which We Awaken With No Clue of What Happened/End.