from my horse. I had still not jumped down. "Kingsfoil, aye, its a weed." "It may help to slow the poisoning." Aragorn said, moving to go into the woods, "Hurry!" I sat on Niethen, looking down upon Frodo and his friends, their faces worrisome and his pained. I wrinkled my brow at them, trying to think of something I could do... the only thing I could was told by Aragorn not to do. Damn! I thought. Hooves from horses made their way to my ears as I looked up, watching as a white horse came riding through the woods, my bow was taught, an arrow affixed to it pointed at them. I smiled at he she-elf that jumped down from her horse, her hair as dark as night, much the same as mine, her eyes blue and her skin a beautiful white. She was thin and graceful as was our kind. Her eyes lingered on me fondly only for a moment before kneeling down before Frodo. "Frodo." She said, "Im Arwen. Telin le thaed." (I am Arwen I've come to help you.) I frowned, "Lasto beth nin, tolo dan na ngalad" (Hear my voice... come back to the light.) "Please Frodo." I whispered. "Who is she?" Merry asked. I looked down at him. "Her name is Arwen, daughter of Elrond himself." My voice held a certain bitterness that I knew they couldnt understand. "She's an elf, like you Rhasslairiel." Sam said. "Yes," I replied, "But Arwen, unlike myself follows the grace of Elvish women..." Arwen looked up at me only for a moment, a smile on her lips before looking back down at the Hobbit. "Frodo." Arwen whispered, laying a gloved hand on his head. "He's fading." She whispered. "He's not going to last." Aragorn put some of the Athelas into Frodo's wound, making him writhe in pain, "We must get him to my father." I swallowed as they lifted Frodo up onto Arwen's horse quickly. I rode up beside them. "I've been looking for you for two days." Arwen said. "There are five Wraiths behind you. Where the other four are, I do not know." "Dartho guin Berian. Rhych le ad tolthathon." (Stay with the Hobbits I'll send horses for you.) "Hon mabathon. Rochon ellint im." (I'm the faster rider I'll take him.) "Andelu i ven." (The Road is too dangerous) I sat there on Niethen, following their conversation with growing irritation. "Ae athradon i hir, tur gwaith nin beriatha hon." (If I can get across the river the power of my people will protect him.) "She is right." I said. Arwen looked at me. "I do not fear them." She said. "I will accompany you." Aragorn made to protest. "I am no use to you old friend. But I may help Arwen get Frodo to safety." "Thank you, sister." Arwen said to me as Aragorn took her hand. "Be iest lin" (According to your wish.) He said and watched as Arwen boarded her horse. I rode up beside her. "Arwen," the she-elf turned to Aragorn, "ride hard. Dont look back." "Noro lim, Asfaloth, noro lim." (Ride fast Asfaloth, ride fast.) Arwen turned to her horse and whispered it into his ear. I patted Niethen on the shoulder. "Hurry, Niethen." Arwen and I rode through the forest and out into the plains and through forests again, all the while I could feel blood running down my leg heavily, dripping onto the ground, sending spasms of pain through my body... but I had told Aragorn that I would go with her... and follow Arwen I did. I could see through the trees the Ring Wraiths gaining on us, now right beside us. I began to breath harder. I was leaving a trail of blood... like a bread crumb trail... like a trail of death. Arwen's brow began to wrinkle in worry as I saw that all of the Nine were following us, gaining with every second, at some times only inches away from Frodo. I drew myself between them, blocking off the Ring Wraiths, my sword out and slashing. The braid that I had had my hair in was coming apart, hair whipping in my face. "Noro lim, Asfaloth!" Arwen begged her horse. We rode faster. We were nearing Rivendell by the moment now, already the sound of the River was reaching my ears. My breath came in short gasps as pain increased in my leg. Never before now had I realized how hard riding was. All too suddenly as my mind wandered we rode out of the forest and onto a rocky bank, where our two horses rode across the River without fear, water splashing over my clothes. We reached the other side, turning around, her face brave and mine tired. The Ring Wraiths stopped at the bank of the River. I could feel their confidence waning. "Give up the Halfling, She-Elves." Arwen pulled out her sword. "If you want him, come and claim him! " All nine of the Wraiths pulled out their swords and began to cross the River. We looked at each other. "Nin Potter Chithaeglir, lasto beth daer, Rimmo nin Bruinen dan in Ulaer!" (Waters of the Misty Mountains, listen to the great word, flow waters of Loudwater again against the Ring Wraiths.) We chanted, our voices echoing out through the air until I could see the water come to life like horses and run over the Wraiths, sending them tumbling into the water and washed away. I was still watching the Wraiths being washed away as Arwen put down her arm. "No. No!" she cried, laying him down on the ground. "Frodo, no!" I stumbled down off of my horse, kneeling by Arwen. "Frodo, dont give in! Not now!" Arwen cried and hugged him tight to her. I fell onto the ground, leaning up against a tree, trying to keep my leg from hurting any more... and my eyes closed... I've lost too much blood... I thought... Too much blood... and I fell asleep.