as the man with demon-bright, savage eyes beat into her. The smell of alcohol on his breath was so strong it made her gag. He had been a beast, clawing at her breasts, biting her neck. Ravaging her skin. She had been a black and blue mess for weeks afterward. The nurses in the hospital had assured her she was safe, and she had been physically , at least; no amount of assurance could dispel the dreams from her sleep or the fear that had lingered in her heart for months afterward. The dreams had come nearly every day for months after it had happened. It was not surprising that she would dream of his horrible, twisted face, and perverted eyes during this night, in particular. It was a year to the day from her attack. In the dream, when the tormentor's movements became hurried, less taunting, and more deliberate, Gwen knew the end was thankfully near. The dull black of the blade scarcely gleamed in the moonlit sky, and the cold of that September seeped into her very bones until she felt she would never be warm again. As the knife slashed her skin, Gwen's sleeping form traced the white scars on her body, groaning as pain leaped and pulsed down her body. Heat suffused her skin, and she began to burn from the inside out. He had sought to kill her, that much she was certain of. What she might never understand was why. With a final, plunging stroke, he nearly had taken her life. That plunge to the gut, as always, wrenched Gwen from sleep, her body dripping wet with sweat and tears, her chest heaving with the force of her gasps, and fear pounding through her veins. For a moment visions of the past clung to her sight, Gwen clutched her side as pain swamped her already electrified body, covering the shiny patch of scar tissue below her ribcage. Black spots burst into her eyes, shocking her. What the fuck was that? Something was happening. Her wounds pulsed with energy, and it made her heart stutter, but she refused to give in to the blackness calling to her. Instead, she chanted, "You survived. He did not take you, and he never will. He didn't win." She repeated the words, a mantra, over and over until her breath began to even, and the blackness receded. Whatever energy had sizzled within the tent was gone. With a sob, Gwen faced reality and let go of her fears. She had been lucky. So lucky. All the other victims had been raped...brutalized...tortured, really. But she had not been. Gwen had been saved. Lucky. Her tears ceased to flow as her gasps for air had calmed to deep breaths. They would always be just dreams, Gwen knew logically. Never again real. And that – that had been the true comfort she had gained from her sleep. Still panting, she glanced around her, trying to recall herself and the events of the previous day. The morning light filtered through the small canvas tent, creating a dim illumination within. She saw the beautiful woven green of her favorite throw blanket covering her. The thick waves of deep chestnut hair curling over her breasts. The slimness of her fingers. She had been blessed with this ability, of finding beauty in common things. It had saved her life, once, and kept her from going insane from wondering why she had been attacked. Determinedly, Gwen shut the thoughts of her past trauma away, and sought the newness of the day, mind whirling. There was something quite remarkable about the beginning of a fresh day. Perhaps it was the sense that at each waking moment, the hours that followed would be a chance for something new and different to occur. Maybe something special, something good. Or something terrible. The lingering, hateful thought was immediately banished. Her demons were wrong: the new day was an opportunity to walk an unknown path, to learn that which was previously unheard of. The promise of each morning was an irresistible call for her. Gwen sat up from her thick sleeping bag with a leisurely stretch and a half-yawn, a small smile gracing her face. It really was a beautiful morning. Her friend Jessie's idea for an impromptu weekend camping trip in the hills of southern California was just what she needed to help get her through the particularly difficult week. Gwen's stomach growled raucously, interrupting her internal monologue and demanding food, and with a small laugh she flung the blanket from her lap carelessly and crawled from the pallet. "Jessie!" She drew out the syllables, calling to her friend in a sing-song voice. I wonder if she'll have breakfast ready. Jessie was the early-riser of the pair of them. When her friend didn't respond immediately, Gwen's brow furrowed in concern and confusion. Or maybe not. Unzipping her tent, Gwen crawled out and into the September sun. Expecting to see the tall pines of the countryside nearby and the lake in the distance, she was surprised and confused when there was nothing to be seen around her but open, swampy field around her, with high, unkempt grasses surrounding her. Far in the distance, to the southwest, was a massive, darkly green forest, but not one sign of the lake could be found. Things just looked... wrong. Never one to fall into instant panic, Gwen mentally cataloged the possible explanations for the change in scenery and came up with precisely nothing logical at all. But what could explain this ? Well… Jessie could be playing a joke on me, but that doesn't seem like her at all. Gwen saw no sign of her friend anywhere around either, not even her tent or bag. Stumped, she did a slow turn around the camp, searching for any clue where Jessie could have gone. Nothing. What in the devil is going on? Gwen, stood, baffled, glaring into the sunlight. Where the hell am I? Please review.