Elizabette began to protest. She had seen the pieces of granite that the gardeners used for the pathways; huge boulder-like masses that had to be split into flat pieces before they were set into the earth. Elizabette had watched the gardeners before, but she had never heard of an orphan having to help. Matron had always hated her. She refused to hear Elizabette's protests. Legolas, watching from the shadows of the trees, saw Matron smack Elizabette sharply across the face. Unprepared, Elizabette flinched and stumbled. Legolas winced at her soft cry. Elizabette hurried up to the formidable brick house, one hand pressed to her cheek. Matron was close behind. Legolas overheard their conversation, an easy feat for his keen elf ears. He wasn't sure what a pathway was, but form Elizabette's reaction he supposed that it was something unfavorable. --- Elizabette sat stiffly on her bed. She shared the room with two other eighth- grade girls; Valerie and Amanda. They disliked her and she them. The beds were all the same: hard, bumpy, and covered in stiff white sheets that chafed against Elizabette's skin. The other girls were at dinner, but she felt no inclination to go. No doubt she would be punished but she heeded not. The only item in Elizabette's part of the room that differed from the others' was a small trunk made of dark carven wood. It sat forlornly at the foot of her bed. Elizabette had never known what it held; her uncle had sent it to her with a letter just before he died. Matron had locked the trunk, but even she didn't know of the letter. Even as a child, Elizabette had kept it hidden underneath the trunk, showing it to no one. She remembered watching Matron lock the trunk. The elegant antique brass latch on the trunk was disfigured by the dull flat-steel padlock. She had tried before to break it but to no avail. It was locked as tightly as Elizabette was bound to the orphanage. Invisible chains held her, straining at her when she ventured even so far as the woods. She slid off of her bed and carefully took out the letter. She had read it so many times that she had quite memorized it. It ran: My Dearest Niece, As I write this I am on my deathbed. You will not see me again. Already the weakness takes me. Remember to always follow your heart. When you are in great need, think of these words: Power needed will serve you Power given will aid you Power extra will engulf you Power stolen will break you Your father bid me give them to you. Remember also that the sun shines through the darkest cloud and that revenge often rebounds against its wielder. I fear that you will be the only survivor of our family. We will await you in the blessed lands. Farewell. We will all miss you. Your Uncle, Thomas Rhuan Allan Elizabette whispered the words to herself. "Power needed will serve you..." She had long puzzled over those words. Enclosed in the envelope was a necklace; bright silver wrought into the delicate likeness of a star. She had never worn the tiny charm. She could feel strength and power in it and never dared to put it on. Sometimes it seemed to radiate white light. That was when she could feel the power most strongly. Footsteps sounded suddenly in the hallway outside and Elizabette sat up quickly. She slid the necklace and letter under her pillow and pretended to be absorbed in her math textbook. Valerie entered and took something from her nightstand, casting her a disgusted glance before retreating. As she left, Elizabette closed the text and looked again at the necklace. Suddenly it blazed with the white light. She felt the power pulsing through it. Her thoughts turned to her father's words; power needed, power given power extra, power stolen. Did this charm have power given or needed? Uncle Thom had given it to her, but she was unsure if that applied. Did she need the power? Had someone else stolen it? How was she supposed to know? Her thoughts whirled around in her head. Releasing them with an effort, she dragged her mind back to the present. She wondered once again what lay in the trunk. Matron did not know, Elizabette was certain. The trunk itself was small, a foot high and a foot and a half long. In spite of its size, however, it was rather heavy. The things inside did not rattle, or, indeed, even slide around. Elizabette reasoned that they must be either packed tightly, close together, or padded well. Elizabette hardly remembered her family. Her only clear memory was at a family gathering. She was not certain exactly how old she had been but she thought that it was perhaps only a few months before the disease struck. She remembered posing with her family for a photograph. Her father and mother had stood behind her, her cousins Michael and Sara on either side. Her uncle, aunt, and grandparents stood to the side, smiling. Elizabette had never seen the picture. She didn't know what happened to it. - So there it is, my first chapter. You met Legolas, yay! He's not really an interesting character at the moment. I started this story last spring, in fact, and I just happened to find it in a back corner of one of my folders. Please review, I want to know what you think. Thanks! -shiningbanana - August 18, 2005: Rewritten to a certain extent. I changed Lizzy's grammar, trying to show more of a contrast between her speech and Legolas'. I also edited much of the sentence structure, because it's still in my seventh-grade writing style (which has changed over the last two years, thank God). If any of my readers are checking back, I'd really appreciate it if you tell me in a review whether you see any differences or not. Thanks!