noticed the crowd of rough looking soldiers watching curiously. "I don't know how I got here—my cousin and I were at a track meet and we went into the woods to go to the bathroom and when we came out of the stone circle we were in a weird forest and it was cold and the stone circle was gone and this thing attacked us and—and it ate her—it ate her--" The man seemed to realize that I was on the verge of hysterics because he laid a calming hand on my shoulder and snapped out a few orders in his strange tongue. Instantly the soldiers disappeared. My knight in not-very-shining armor lit a fire and draped a blanket around my shoulders. I huddled there and stared into the fire as he removed his armor and sat down next to me to clean his sword. All I could see was my cousin's mutilated body and the disgusting thing crouching over her with her blood running from its mouth. "Have you a name, lady?" The question startled me out of my morbid thoughts. In the firelight I could finally see who my rescuer was. And despite everything, I distinctly heard a tiny voice in my head say, screw Danny . He had shaggy, wild blond hair, strong—good looking—features and a stubborn jaw partially obscured by a trimmed beard. Everything about him seemed to radiate strength. I realized that my mouth was hanging open and quickly shut it. "Skyla," I said softly. "Skyla Connelly." "A strange name," he said with a frown. "What of you?" I retorted. "Do you have a name or shall I call you Galahad?" He glanced up at me, clearly confused. "I am Eomer, son of Eomund, Third Marshall of the Riddermark." "Oh." Well, that certainly sounded important. "Nice to meet you." Eomer, son of Eomund's mouth twitched. "It is 'nice to meet you' also, Skyla Connelly." "Oh...you can call me Sky, if you want," I muttered. "Everyone else does." "It would be my pleasure, Lady Sky," he replied with a smile. "Your name suits you." I smiled tentatively back. "Abbi always says--" With a twist of pain, I remembered that Abbi was no longer able to say anything. "Abbi always said that my mother must have named me for my eyes." "I am sorry for the loss of your kin," Eomer said gently. "It is never easy. In the morning, we can set about finding someone to take you home so you may share your grief with your family. Where is Willow Brook? In Gondor?" Biting my lip, I replied, "Connecticut. I—I don't think going home is possible. Unless you know where the stone circle is. We came through one to this—this world. When we got here, it was gone." "You weave me a tale, lady," Eomer said with a frown. "Why would I lie?" I demanded, my voice shaking. "Given recent events, don't you think I'd be happy to go home? A few hours ago, my cousin and I were about to win the county relays. Now she's dead and I'm completely alone in a strange place were there are monsters and knights in grubby armor and it's freaking freezing!" After I finished ranting, I scowled at the fire and pulled the blanket tightly around myself. Eomer seemed taken aback by my outburst, to say the least. But he recovered quickly. "What did you say you were about to win?" "A big track meet," I said grumpily. "Track meet?" I sighed and rubbed my face. "It's a sport. A competition." "A tournament?" "Something like that, yeah," I said. "There are several races—some for speed and some for endurance—and jumping events and throwing events." "Jumping—on horses?" Maybe he was asking merely to distract me, but he also seemed genuinely interested. "No—though we have that, too, at my school—I mean the high jump and long jump and the pole vault. Oh, and hurtles and the triple jump." "I don't understand," Eomer said, brow furrowed. I was warming up to the subject and didn't pay attention as several soldiers sat around the fire. "For the high jump, you need to jump over a bar and--" "How high?" one of the soldiers interjected curiously. "That depends," I said with a small smile, "on how good you are." "How high can you jump?" another asked as they all laughed. I rose to my incredibly impressive height of five feet, five inches (okay, fine—four and half inches). "I can clear my own height by more than an inch on a good day. A really good day." "Impossible," a grisled old soldier said flatly. "I can show you, if you like," I snapped, then added ruefully, "although today is definitely not a good day." The men laughed again and I felt a little better. "When you are better, you can show us," Eomer said with a grin. "But tell us more...what of the others?" "The long jump is very simple—you run and jump as far as you can and land in a pit of sand." "What is the purpose of all this?" the first soldier asked scornfully. "To strengthen the body," I replied with a shrug. "And...it saved my life tonight. It would have taken me ages to get across the stream if I hadn't jumped over it." "These are strange times," the old soldier muttered. "Yeah," I agreed with a yawn, and suddenly realized how exhausted I was. "You killed all the monsters, right?" Eomer laughed softly. "Yes, all the orcs are slain. Sleep, Lady Sky. You needn't fear any longer." I hesitated and then curled up with my back to the fire. "Thank you." I could hear the smile in his voice as Eomer quietly replied, "Sleep well, small one." I smiled and fell asleep. A/N: please, please, please review...pretty please? Not that I'm desperate or anything, I swear...seriously, though. reviews, good or bad are appreciated. And the story's basically finished, so I can update as soon as I have reviews.