sight of death. There was a brown horse, slain by many arrows, and eight Orcs were piled about each other, the earth dark with their blood. A ninth Orc lay alone, his big ugly head severed from his body, his cruel, dead eyes staring in disbelief, a short bow still in his cold hand. "Anborn?" one of the Rangers asked his leader. "Must be one of us. He cannot be far, the bodies are warm," Anborn answered. "I wonder why he left this place," the third Ranger mused, his voice no louder than a whisper. "I don't believe he came out of this fight unharmed." Anborn gestured to his left and his right, and the Rangers split up again, carefully moving about the clearing, searching for tracks on the ground. Anborn found fresh hoof prints and waved his comrades to follow him. The Rangers did not have to pursue the tracks for long. Soon they heard the slow hoof beat of a single horse, and they hurried to surprise the animal from behind. It was an ugly, big, brown steed, his long mane dishevelled, his tail adorned with leaves and dirt. It bore no saddle, and an old bridle with ropes as reins was knotted around his heavy head. On his back was a hooded figure, cradling the limp form of Beldil, one of their messengers, before him. Anborn knew the messenger well, Beldil had been with the Ithilien company for years and had set out to Minas Tirith with an urgent message less than a week ago. They had fought side by side in many battles and had shared wine and bread and more than one tale during the cold winter nights. Anborn sheathed his sword and readied his bow. "Don't move! Drop your weapons!" he shouted. "Get off the horse. Now!" The horse stopped in his slow walk. The rider did not move, neither to look around in surprise, nor to reach for a weapon. Anborn and his men slowly walked around to face him. The hooded figure was small, smaller than any of them, his slender arms were locked around Beldil's lifeless form, keeping him from sliding off the horse. There was a short sword at his side, and he had a bow and a quiver with arrows on his back. His hands and clothes were stained with the black blood of Orcs, and there were patches of red blood as well. "Drop your weapons and get off the horse!" Anborn commanded again, taking aim at the hooded figure. His companion mirrored his action. "I would obey, my lord," a slightly hoarse voice answered from under the hood, "but to drop my weapons I have to take my hands off this wounded man, and I do not want him to fall to the ground again. He lost consciousness a minute ago. " Anborn nodded to Galdor, and the Ranger dropped his bow and moved forward to help his wounded comrade. "Hand him over," Anborn said. "Slowly." The hooded figure did as he was told, reluctantly he loosened his grip about the wounded messenger, and Beldil slid down into the waiting arms of his fellow Ranger. The hooded rider dismounted his ugly steed and stretched out his bloody hands, palms turned upwards, to show he meant no harm. He was small and slender, the big horse loomed like a giant over its master, its long tail fluttering in the cool breeze. "Take off your hood and show your face," Anborn commanded, his arrow still ready on the bowstring. "As you wish, my lord." One of the dirty hands moved upwards and cast back the hood. Anborn lowered his bow and grunted in surprise. Big, dark eyes mirrored the pale light of the moon and gazed at him from under a mop of unruly black hair. The hooded rider was no more than a boy, his beardless, boyish face trying to appear calm, but the fear in his eyes belying the defiant set of his jaw. At the neck of his shirt, the white tree of Gondor became visible in the darkness. "My name is Anakil, son of Anabar of the Anduin," he introduced himself. His voice was slightly hoarse, it had not yet broken to be that of a man. The boy lowered his gaze to stare at his blood covered hands, and suddenly his defiant face crumbled. His shoulders started to shake, his hands shoot to hold his stomach, and he doubled over, retching and vomiting. Anborn shouldered his bow, and a flicker of understanding crossed his eyes. He ordered Darung with a silent nod to help Galdor with Beldil and moved forwards to put a soothing hand on the retching boy's back. "You killed that ninth Orc?" he asked quietly. "Your first bloody fight?" The boy raised his head and nodded, then he bent forward again to empty the remaining content of his stomach onto the forest floor. As his moment of sickness was over, the boy tried to regain his composure, but his hand continued to tremble. He spit on the ground, then wiped his mouth and stared at his feet to hide an embarrassed flush, clearly visible despite the darkness of the night. Anborn scrutinized the small, slender youth with a piercing gaze and folded his arms across his chest. "Don't be ashamed," he said. "Things happen when the tension is over." The boy raised his head, his dark eyes glistening wet in the moonlight. He moved one hand over his face, leaving a trail of blood and dirt. "Things should not happen to me, my lord." "Don't call me lord, Anakil, son of Anabar. But tell me, what are you doing on the eastern shore of Anduin, in the middle of the night." The boy squared his narrow shoulders, and his hands stopped trembling. A hand shot up to touch Gondor's sign at his shirt. "I crossed the Anduin at Osgiliath, for I have a message for the Captain of the Ithilien Rangers."