chase after him? And why seek him for so long?" Estel demanded. "I didn't have time to explain. And how could I have asked others to search? Only I got a glimpse of him and what description could I have given. . . .a ragged stranger, possibly with a limp!. . .that would have fitted any one of dozens of men in the city here for the celebrations." "Arwen was worried," Estel exclaimed, causing Faramir to smile gently at his friend. "I will, of course, apologise for my thoughtlessness, it was never my intention to worry any of my friends." "Aye, Legolas is less than pleased with you, too!" "Then, with your leave, I will go and make my apologies and endeavour to smooth any ruffled feathers." "Faramir. . ." Estel began as Faramir turned to leave. "I know, Estel. . . .I promise to be more careful." "You know you can come to me if you have any concerns. . .if something is troubling you. . ." "He is hiding something!" Legolas offered later that evening as he and Gimli sat with the Royal Couple, sharing a bottle of wine. "He has something on his mind, certainly," Arwen agreed. "And you think it had something to do with the incident in the market?" Gimli asked. "Only yesterday he was telling me how happy he was, even though thoughts of Boromir were much on his mind, and today there is a shadow in his eyes. . .he thinks to hide it but something is troubling him." "Have you asked him about it, Legolas?" "Aye, and he denies any worry." "Perhaps it is of a personal nature. Perhaps he is fretting about Èowyn," Arwen suggested, "it is months since they saw each other." "I do not doubt that it is personal but I do not believe that it has to do with Èowyn. . .what can have changed there since yesterday?. . .except what happened in the market." "So what do we do?" "I have instructed the Commander to keep up the extra patrols and to have the guards to be extra vigilant, especially when Faramir is abroad in the city. With any luck the situation will settle when the city returns to normal." "And I will keep a close eye on our young Steward," Legolas offered. "I think his claim that he was in need of an early night was probably prompted more by a desire to risk closer scrutiny than it was about being tired." "He is too astute to think he can hide his concerns from us." "He knows that we worry about him. . .I wonder sometimes if he finds our concern a little overwhelming?" Arwen mused. "Maybe, but he also thrives on the care and attention." "You think he is seeking notice?" "No," Arwen laughed. "No, but he finally feels safe within our circle. He will come to us when he is ready." oooOOOOooo Faramir quashed his discomfort at having misled his friends but he needed to attend to some business down in the second circle and he wanted to slip away without attracting attention. He occasionally arranged to meet up with some old Ranger colleagues in a cosy Inn to reminisce about their shared past and about absent friends. Tonight was not a pre-arranged meeting but he was sure that Damrod and a few others would be in the city for the celebrations and would gather together at the Ancient Mariner for the evening. He was not mistaken, he found five old comrades in a nook by the fire and they welcomed him gladly. He made no attempt to hide his identity from the rest of the patrons, this was a soldier's inn and the patrons recognised his right to be there. Faramir sank his first pint in one go to the cheers of his comrades who all had a head start on him judging by the empty jugs littering the table. But from then on he was much more careful, not wanting to dull his wits. Soon Faramir was able to steer the conversation to old comrades and the mood became melancholy. Of the five men present, only Damrod was still on active duty; Daris and Gregor had both retired; Mablung had lost three fingers on one hand and could no longer wield either bow or sword and Forrel had lost an arm. They talked of many lost friends and eventually Faramir was able to bring up the name he was interested in. "And brave Anborn. . .he was the best shot I ever encountered," Faramir commented. "Aye, brave and fearless," Damrod agreed to the nods of the others. "My last sight of him was at Osgiliath. . .he threw down his bow and leapt in amongst the scum, screaming death and defiance. . .he was leaping over the dead to get to new targets," Mablung explained. "So he fell defending Osgiliath?" Faramir asked. "Yes," Forrel confirmed, " I saw him fall even as the order went out to retreat." "So, was his. . .was he amongst those who the enemy defiled and used to terrorise the city. . .was he beheaded?" Faramir asked. "I don't know," Damrod explained sadly. "Who would know?" Faramir felt guilty for prolonging a conversation that was clearly distressing for his comrades but his need for answers was too great for him to let the matter rest. "Lord Hurin would be your best bet," Mablung suggested, "he was responsible for compiling the casualty lists." Faramir could no longer prolong the distress for his friends, he had all the information he was likely to get and what he had learned had only added to his confusion. He no longer held back as the mugs were refilled and he did his best to catch up with his friend. It was Legolas who half carried him back up through the city after the duty guards had reported his destination back to the Citadel and the Elven Prince had offered to retrieve him.