up and hugged his legs, and he responded by picking me up and holding me closely. "You had your mama worried, Éowyn," he murmured. "Sorry, Papa," I mumbled, looking down. He kissed my cheek to let me know that it was all right, then turned to Faramir. "I apologize if my daughter was disturbing you, Lord Faramir," he said, bowing his head. "I know she can be quite talkative." Faramir smiled at me. "It was no trouble at all, my lord; she was very good company." I looked up at my father. "Papa, he told me a story where the girl went out to fight too! She cast a spell on the dark lord and they took a jewel from his crown!" "Did he? That sounds like a good story." I nodded enthusiastically. "But, my little warrior princess, it is time for you to go to bed." "But I'm not tired!" I protested, though in truth, I was growing rather sleepy. "You will be soon enough, 'Wyn." He set me down and added, "Now go bid Lord Faramir goodnight, and then we must go." I walked over and curtsied. "Good night, my lord," I said politely. Faramir gave me a boyish grin. "Good night, my lady," he said, picking up my hand and kissing it. I giggled again and ran back to my father, resting my head on his shoulder when he picked me up again and waving to Faramir as my father excused himself and we left. "It seems that you made a new friend tonight, Éowyn." My father had an amused look on his face as he carried me down the hall. I nodded sleepily. "I like him, Papa. He's nice and he tells good stories." My father just smiled at me and kissed my forehead again as I drifted off to sleep in his arms. The party from Gondor left a few days later. I did not see Faramir much during that time, but every time I did, he greeted me with a smile. And I did manage to convince him to tell me a few more stories, including one about another woman named Haleth who had to lead her people after her father and brother died. I liked that one a lot too. Éomer began to tease me mercilessly about the way I followed him around—"like a puppy," he said—but Faramir did not seem to mind. But the day finally arrived when the men of Gondor were preparing to go back home. The entire court was assembled to bid them farewell, but I hung back by my father, feeling sad. Faramir looked over as he tightened the girth on his saddle, then patted the horse and walked over to kneel down before me, setting down the saddlebag he had slung over his shoulder. "Why do you look so sad, Éowyn?" he asked gently. "I'm going to miss you," I said, pouting. He smiled. "I will miss you too." "Really?" I asked, surprised. "Yes, you have been very good company. But I do have to go home now." "I know." I bit my lip, determined not to cry because that was for babies. Then I spotted a clump of star-shaped white flowers nearby, and ran off and picked one. Then I ran back and handed it to him. "It's simblemynë," I said, stumbling slightly over the long word. "So you won't forget me." "I will not," he promised, pulling the leather-bound book that he had been reading the night I met him out of his saddlebag and carefully placing the blossom inside. "So I will not lose it," he explained, then kissed my hand again. "Farewell, Lady Éowyn." "Goodbye," I said softly, then watched silently as he and Boromir bid my uncle and cousin farewell and they rode off. A laugh from Éomer, who was standing nearby, made me turn. "You got kissed by a boy!" he snickered. "You've kissed me before," I said, glaring at him again. "Only on the cheek, and that's different because I'm your brother. And I would not let some girl from Gondor kiss me." He made a face, then added with all the authority a boy of nearly eight summers could possess, "But you have to marry him now, because he kissed you." "No I don't!" I protested. "And it was just my hand." "It doesn't matter, and yes you do!" "No I don't, you… you orc!" "That is enough, you two," my father said sternly, but I could not help noticing that he and my mother were both laughing as they led us back to Meduseld. ------- I shook my head slightly, bringing my mind back to the present, though I could not help smiling a bit at the memory of my childish infatuation; the smile grew wider at the fleeting thought of what my pragmatic brother would say if I told him of the foresight he had shown in this matter, then faded as I blinked hard, staring down at the pressed blossom in my hands. "Éowyn? Are you well?" I felt the warm pressure of his hand on my shoulder, then looked up to see him kneeling down beside me, though the sight was slightly blurred through the tears that I had not even known were in my eyes. He looked down at the flower in my outstretched palm and the book resting beside it on the floor, then his eyes widened in realization. "I cannot believe you kept this," I finally managed to say. "Have you known all this time?" "I did not realize it at first," he admitted. "I wondered, from time to time, what became of that smiling little girl; I did not expect to see her again. It took me several days to realize that she was, indeed, the grieving, beautiful maiden whom I walked with in the gardens. But I did not forget her," he said softly, brushing away the single tear that had managed to escape before leaning over and kissing me.