the halls of Aule, one of the Valar, do they not? And would not his halls be in the undying lands? Would not the halls reserved for men also be in the lands of the Valar?" Stonebark chuckled. "Do not fear death, my Sapling, yes it is painful, to be unable to protect those you love from time's ruthless passage, but that makes the moments all the more precious to spend with those you call mortals." She bowed her head, thinking over his words. "Mortals only wish to spend their lives with those they love, as friends, kin or lovers, a mortal well loved and valued will have a peaceful passing, even if they are suffering. That is all they require, and they understand as well as you that their time is short." "I don't think I can bear it, to see hair turn gray and strong hands become weak not again. I fear it would break me, more than a death of a mortal soldier that died of an arrow wound." "One day, I hope you will find a friend or two that you would not be able to leave, even as they age, and you will love them enough to stand by their death bed and help give them a peaceful passing." She personally thought it was a curse that he spoke of. "But in any case, unless I am burned or attacked with axes, I will be around for another few thousand years or so. Hopefully by then you'll be able to convince your elven race that you are not deserving of death." She held her tongue, and did not reply with what she had been feeling. She wanted the death that came with battle, if only so she could see her mortal friends once more. She would not actively seek out death- though some would claim that hunting orcs counted as such- but if it came to her, she would be more than willing to slip from this world. Stonebark would not approve, and there was something that kept her from trying to die. A feeling that she still had a purpose in Middle Earth, though she had not, as yet, found it. A deed that she must do before she could even think of dying from wounds or simply from existing when there was no one to share her existence and travels with. The elf maid stayed with the ent for a time, before resuming her travels and solo hunting of orcs. AN: The next chapter will be called 'Daybreak'. This OC of mine has proven quite insistent that she still has a purpose to fulfill, and I fear that she has already insisted on making changes to parts of the story, and will not be dissuaded. Not that I mind, though. This story will only contain two chapters, but if I do wind up writing a sequel, my nameless character might finally gain a name that she likes. Notes on words, names and characters: Calwyn- I took the '-wyn' from 'Eowyn' and then I randomly chose the first part of the name. Since a lot of words (and I've noticed this while reading) for the common language of middle earth seem to have elvish roots, I figured '-wyn' was a shoot of from the elvish 'wen'. Stonebark- A oak like ent that came into the story with the exclusive purpose of raising the OC after the loss of her foster parents. I needed someone who was long lived and I figured that an ent would be the best choice, given their long lifespan. Whisper- originally her name was going to be Shadow for this section, but, well, I find 'Shadow' an overused name for assassins. Bein- pronounced like 'Bane' and means 'Beautiful'. (If I ever write more on this character, not counting the second chapter, I can assure you there will be a joke on the similar pronunciation of 'Bein' and 'Bane'- as in bane of my existence.) Byroc- he wasn't supposed to be named. None of the guards of Minas Ithil were going to be named. But I wanted him to have a bit more depth, since he was an almost-but-not-quite lover for the OC. Ithilriel- 'Ithil' is 'moon' and 'riel' is the same as 'Galad riel ', so it roughly translates as 'Maiden of the moon'. Captain/Commander- I never named him, nor do I ever intend to. I never intended to name any of the guards, as stated before. Reagar and Tolan- again, not supposed to be named, but I needed them, so . . . Gran Goody- I needed a name for Smeagol's grandmother/village midwife. (Read the riddle contest between Bilbo and Gollum, Gollum faintly remembers his grandmother during the game). 'Goody' is the old English word for a nurse or midwife, if you want a better example, you should read The Crucible . Enigma- Another word for Riddle or Mystery, again, I got the fealing that growing up Gollum was one of those kids that enjoyed figuring out riddles and having ones to solve, so when he met a person that didn't have a name, he was going to label them a mystery. Deagol- well, his personality (as well as smeagol's) is based from the few minutes we saw of him in the third lord of the rings movie. Deagol acted opposite of Smeagol who acted very childish, and I honestly got the feeling that the two were inseprable as children. Which, in my opinion, makes Smeagol's corruption by the ring a whole lot worse; it changed him from curious and innocent person to someone who killed his best friend. Disclaimer: Really, do I look like I wrote Lord of the Rings, let alone own the rights, if I am posting a story like this on FanFictiondotnet? I do own copies of the books, though. Please leave a review! (Or you could just put this on Story alert or favorite, just as long as I know people like the story!)