of my senses, I might as well find out why she was so sure we were safe - so I completed the spin to face the stinking creatures once more. Frodo was conscious again, and his wriggling was getting pretty damn uncomfortable, for me and the elf. Luckily, we were all distracted at that moment, because otherwise I may have just bucked them both off and be done with it. The distraction came in the form of an unnatural wave, picking up speed and literally mowing down the wraiths where they stood. As soon as they were out of sight and their gargled shrieks had faded away, the nervous tension that had held Frodo upright, and given him the strength to fight Arwen's hold drained from him. He slumped over my neck, and I heard the elleth calling to him, begging him not to give in. She chanted some words, something about giving him whatever she had… but I wasn't listening. A group of two-legs were coming our way, and my energy was spent. I tottered a little, and Arwen seemed to remember that she hadn't just carried two people miles and miles in a high-speed pursuit. The elleth hurriedly leapt off of my back, the hobbit held firmly in her arms. I nickered quietly in thanks, and she rested her forehead against my own. At that moment, two identical dark-haired elves reached us, faces drawn in concern. They seemed familiar, and I wondered if they were the same two I'd once seen greet Strider/Aragorn. Right behind them was another elf, this one blonde-haired and tall. There was something about him that was Other . His face grew worried once he saw me, and he turned to Arwen. "Where is Asfaloth?" He growled. Ah, so she'd stolen Asfaloth? Borrowed, perhaps? I snorted in amusement. Definitely crazy. "With Estel. He was tired, while Feril here was not. He is fine." She soothed him in a rapid flurry of elvish. Estel? How many names did Aragorn have, exactly? I noticed that the elleth too was weary – but she was too busy helping the new arrivals, who had quickly followed the first three and were now crouched over Frodo. The first ones were quickly making their way over to me, where I stood a few horse-lengths away. I snorted warily as one of the twins reached for my mane, and jerked away. It wasn't that I didn't trust them, per say… but- "She will only do anything if asked first. Lady Feril knows her mind." Arwen called over. I nodded in agreement. "Please, lady Feril, will you allow us to-" 'Oh, for goodness sake. ' These creatures were so long-winded. They may even rival the Ents! I rolled my silver eyes and took a step towards the blonde one, who had yet to waffle nonsense at me. He seemed to understand, because he laid a hand on my muzzle and murmured quietly, "Please, follow me." I nickered, and took another step. Ow! My injured foot, that I hadn't even noticed in my desperate flight, had begun bleeding again. I limped alongside the blonde-haired elf, trying not to draw attention to it. "In here, please- what happened to your foot?" Oh, damn. I snorted, trying to downplay it. It really wasn't that bad… the long ride had probably just made it sore, that's all. Blondie gave me a look as though to say, 'yeah, and I'm an orc.' But he didn't fight me on it, instead opening a stall and motioning for me to go inside. I complied, but wasn't expecting him to follow me in. I sent him a quizzical look, but he just smiled and reached for a blanket. He treated my wound, shallow as it was, and brushed the grime of the long journey from my coat. He brushed out my mane and tail, too, but that part was decidedly unpleasant. As he worked, he talked. His name was Glorfindel, and he was Lord Elrond's seneschal. Unlearned as I was in the ways of two-legs, I had no idea what that even meant… but I figured the way the other elves were calling him 'Lord' meant that he was pretty important. I also figured that meant he didn't need to take care of me himself. After he was done, he made to leave. I nickered slightly, hoping that Strider would remember to come get me once he got here… I didn't want to spend the rest of my immortal life trapped in Imladris, pleasant though it apparently was. Glorfindel turned back to say goodbye, and then he froze. I snorted in alarm, and he reached a hand slowly to trace the scars on my face. I squealed in fear, and wheeled away from him. Simultaneously, Glorfindel cried out, clutching at his hand as though I had burned him. The memory of the pain was so strong, I almost lashed out in the direction his soothing voice was coming from. At the last instant I regained control of the instinct, and allowed him to approach. "I'm sorry, Feril. I'm sorry… amin hiraetha, Nwalmaer." I sighed, calm again, and shoved him a little with my nose. It was one of the times when I truly wished I could risk revealing my true self. I'd love to speak with Lord Glorfindel properly, and tell him it was okay. He seemed to feel really bad about it… what on earth had he seen? He… he didn't know , did he? Even if he didn't… he would soon. That knowledge sent a thrill of genuine fear through my gut. "I must speak with Lord Elrond, Astalder. Saruman's treachery is an important thing to consider. Quel esta." Oh, bugger . Tomorrow was going to be another interesting day. Thanks for reading! Please review so I know if you want to read more! Next chapter's almost finished, but if no one liked it... :'( Well, I'll post anyway, but still! No, I'm not above begging. PLEASE REVIEW!