speaking; yet now the voice seemed strange, recalling some other voice that he had known" (Tolkien 16859). His niece Eowyn, who loved him as a father, leaps to his defense and comes between The Witch King of Angmar and her uncle, brandishing her sword with the conviction of a true soldier, commanding that the beast respect the dead. Merry is also unaware of the true identity of the young soldier until she discards her helmet: "Eowyn it was and Dernhelm also. For into Merry's mind flashed the memory of the face that he saw at the riding from Dunharrow: the face of the one that goes seeking death, having no hope" (Tolkien 16872). The Witch King warns Eowyn against her intrusion: "Come not between the Nazgul and his prey! Or he will not slay thee in thy turn" (Tolkien 16859). She stands fast and brings her sword up; informing him her purpose is not to leave her lord's side, but to protect him against the doom that is The Witch King. The beast is amused by her seemingly foolish confidence and denounces her strength; he declares no man can hinder him, to which Eowyn replies: "But no living man am I! You look upon a woman. Eowyn I am, Eomund's daughter. You stand between me and my lord and kin. Begone if you be not deathless! For living or dark undead, I will smite you, if you touch him" (Tolkien 16859). The Witch King is stuck mute by this speech and momentarily, his resolve shaken. They commence to fight and while Merry delivers a crucial blow to The Lord of Nazgul, Eowyn is the one to land the final strike. "It is important to note that Eowyn fulfills the prophecy of the Ringwraith to her advantage. Her being a woman, not a woman disguised as a man, is crucial to slaying this monster" (Hatcher 1). Holmes articulates that though war is nothing less than evil, violence and aggression left unchecked are hazardous to society (1). Regardless of Eowyn's courage and conquest, Theoden's wounds prove to be fatal, and he passes without the knowledge Dernhelm is actually his niece. "However, Eowyn's victory is not complete with this triumph over the Nazgul, for her understanding of power remains the male-dominated, physically oriented kind. Though her action is truly heroic and self-sacrificial, as pointed out by Lynnette Porter (99), her experience of power must deepen through renunciation of it" (Enright 105). The injuries she suffered in battle lead her to the Houses of Healing where she meets Faramir, Boromir's brother, who she nearly instantly bonds with. "When Faramir declares his love for her, "the heart of Eowyn changed, or else at least she understood it. And suddenly her winter passed, and the sun shone on her"(299)" (Enright 105). In connection with Boromir, Eowyn experiences her own spiritual rebirth in her triumph in battle and in her relationship with Faramir. In conclusion, Boromir and Eowyn experience multiple trials that test the limitations of their endurance, inner truth and will-power. Though one perishes and the other lingers, redemption is claimed and above all self-worth is proved in the finish. As Boromir lies dying he admits his debts and asserts them repaid. His pledge to protect is fulfilled and his honor is restored. Eowyn also employs the pure power of sacrificial devotion to defeat the Witch King who could never comprehend the depth of love or kinship. The ideal of just war is that bloodshed be avoided, that conflict be remedied and that battle remains a final course of action; however, do Boromir and Eowyn avoid combat at all costs? In light of the theory, are the protagonists deemed ethical heroes, or war mongers? Evil permits Tolkien's characters a single choice: eliminate terror for the sake of the innocent and helpless using military force. Both forsake their own wellbeing for others as well as confront their internal demons and overthrow dark powers with awesome fortitude. The two great antagonists these heroes face suffer failure and the points once considered lesser qualities by even Boromir and Eowyn themselves are the factors that allow them to uproot the malicious adversaries. "The Lord of the Rings is far more than a story of battle and adventure in the external sense, where those with the greatest physical prowess prove to be the victors. It is also more than a tale of the spiritual battle between Good and Evil, though, of course, it is at least that. The Lord of the Rings is an illustration of various choices regarding the use of power, but with only one of them shown to be the best, the ultimately good choice" (Enright 106). While Boromir and Eowyn are underestimated, undercut and, at times, misinterpreted, they are the most significantly morally and personally altered characters of the trilogy. Works Cited Enright, Nancy. "Tolkien's Females And The Defining Of Power." Renascence 59.2 (2007): 93- 108. Academic Search Complete. Web. 01 Oct. 2012 Hatcher, Melissa M. "Finding Woman's Role In The Lord Of The Rings." The Free Library. Farlex Inc., 22 Mar. 2007. Web 2 Oct. 2012. Holmes, F. "The Just War." InterVarsity Christian Fellowship/USA. N.p., 7 May 2004. Web. 02 Oct. 2012 Morgan, Alun. "The Lord Of The Rings- A Mythos Applicable In Unsustainable Times?." Environmental Education Research 16.3/4 (2010): 383-399. Academic Search Complete. Web. 01 Oct. 2012. Reynolds, Pat. "Death And Funerary Practices In Middle-earth." The Tolkien Society. Charity, n.d. Web. 02 Oct. 2012 Robertson, Robin. "Seven Paths Of The Hero In Lord Of The Rings: The Path Of Opposites." Psychological Perspective 50.2 (2007): 276-290. Academic Search Complete. Web. 01 Oct. 2012. Rozema, David. "The Lord Of The Rings: Tolkien, Jackson, And "The Core Of The Original.." Christian Scholar's Review 37.4(2008): 427-455. Academic Search Complete. Web. 01 Oct. 2 2012. Tolkien, John R. "The Lord of the Rings: 50th Anniversary, One Vol. Edition [Electronic]." The Lord of the Rings: 50th Anniversary,One Vol. Edition: J.R.R. Tolkien: 0618517650: : Books . N.p., n.d. Web. 01 Oct. 2012