The Lord and my Lady have toiled here for months and still she is free of neither fatigue nor fear. The shadow lies too heavily upon her and now she finds the fair woods here are as much a prison as walls of stone. She has ever lacked the long patience of our people; too impetuous and restless, helpful traits in war, perhaps, but not now when she must abide behind the veil for the Valar know how many years. It is my sorrow to tell you now that with the Lady's blessing and protection she will journey to the Havens soon and leave to find the blessing and relief of Eressea. I grieve to be the messenger of such unwelcome tidings. Know that it eases my heart that she found joy with you and I would honour what you shared. By custom, I would have brought to you a bride's gift, just as you gave to her the ring. In this marriage box there would have been gold rings for your bond and a jewel. The wording is by long tradition and she asked to be placed herein three things: The first is a ring for memory. It is a circle of leather, the tie that held her hair when she arrived. She says it is the one she gained the day you sparred and her heart first began to open. The second is a lock of her hair, to be a token of her love. My daughter, who cared naught for garb, adornment, or grooming, I am amazed to find delights in a memory of a dance, a dress and your regard of her hair. The third is to be a memory of place. She wishes you to put within something of Ithilien where you both walked and she was at peace, before the Searching Eye began. This must be yours to do, Captain. I am certain you will know what is best. It is a dear wish of my heart to know better the man whom she loves, who brought her happiness after so long apart. When time and circumstance allows, I pray that we can meet and perhaps share between us more of her. Keep safe with all my blessing. Thel síla erin lû e-govaned vîn. Cellin Caras Galadhon Did I cry out? I am not sure, it seemed it was only in my heart, yet the men nearby looked up and Madril started to rise from his seat. I have lost her now for ever. I pulled away. Boromir, with a gentle squeeze, let me go and looked swiftly over. Some of the men were rising in concern. He shook his head. "Leave him be for now." he said softly as he stopped Madril, who would have followed. I found I had walked blindly down the stair to the forest floor. My face was wet with the spray of the curtain, but not tears. I wanted to howl, to cry and rage but my heart was leaden and I could not. I reached down to the forest floor, where the fallen leaves of Lebethron lay all about. As I gathered up a handful they felt dry as parchment, brittle and lifeless, the hopefulness of spring drained from them. Just so my heart. I lay them within the box. I touched the lock of her hair and the leather tie, longing so intently to place my hand upon her hair that it seemed I all but felt it. It was the veriest torture, and then I think I did howl. I do not know how long I tarried, caught within my heartache, but the moon had risen and a chill breeze come up ere I heard soft footfalls on the leaves. A warm hand fell upon my shoulder. "It is getting cold, little brother. Come inside." I heard Boromir pick up the box and a rustle of parchment as he folded the letter. Ever my protector, it hurt him greatly to see me suffering, and as I raised my head, I saw him quickly blink and run a hand across his face. He helped me up and gazed upon me steadily. When he spoke it was earnest and low. "One day, Faramir, you and I will go together to Lorien and meet this lady. Father has always said that no one comes away from the hidden land unchanged. Perhaps there you can leave your longing." Uncommon wisdom it was and the more valued, for it came from one who did not like to think too hard about the difficult corners of life. I turned and followed him up the stair, back to my friends and comrades, knowing that for a while it would have to be enough. "Did you go?" Eowyn asks softly, afraid to find that she already knows the answer. "No." Faramir answers. "From then on we were ever on patrol and the Enemy was gathering. I did not know then he would go to Lorien without me." And come not home thereafter… He does not say it aloud, but it hangs in the air like a shadow. "I do not know if I could go alone now." A rumble of thunder rolls in the distance. A storm is coming. "You do not have to go alone, Faramir, if you do not wish it. I think you need to do this for Cellin and yourself, to help heal both your hurts, the older and the new. We could both go." Eowyn places her hand upon a dusty cheek and he reaches up to hold it. He gathers her then into his arms, amazed and grateful again more that this lady of such great heart and courage is his wife. He thinks of what Aragorn has told him. Grieving is work, and only when it is done and done well, can you find peace . For both their sakes, he thinks, they will go, and in so doing, the old grief will heal the new.