of the Great River of Wilderland. The narrow strip of land between it and the Misty Mountains was flat, offering very few defensive positions, all too far from their course. If any advantage was to be gained, it was at the feet of the mountains only a couple of hours away. Even on the map they stood out secretive and majestic, presenting a formidable barrier to a fabled city of Imladris lounged behind their eastern slopes. Sadly, Erulien hadn't the knowledge of the hidden passages controlled by the Noldo. Maybe she was just a little bit lonely, being the only elf in the group. Imagination created a surge of warmth where her finger touched the spot marking the city. Giving up her entire collection of the special healing herbs just to walk among kin, hearing their melodious chant in the winter and prayers to Elbereth would have been a small price. But, it was faulty to search for those unreachable. Garan wanted to know only about the real possibilities. A glance stolen at Evalyn showed how much the girl was occupied, thus the elf slipped outside to inform the leader of her findings. Unconsciously, Erulien pulled the coat closer to her body as if to ward off the dangers of the outer world. The cold may not have affected the elves as much as men, but the brittle air and stinging gusts of wind brought a sense of discomfort. One of the women called out to the head of the group, seeing Erulien struggling to catch up. Garan motioned his steed to a standstill and then his broad hand lifted the lithe figure into the saddle behind him. Erulien wrapped her arms around his waist. She was tempted to rise higher to speak into Garan's ear. "We'll be coming to the crossroads soon. One road continues south and the other leads west towards the mountains. It should be safer to go west, even if it adds to our journey." "I thought about cutting towards the mountains regardless of the terrain," Garan conceded. "The wargs have too much advantage out in the open. Has your map provided a specific place where we can set camp overnight?" "Not exactly." Erulien hesitated to tell him about the city. Garan's previous dealings with her kind were not encouraging. King Thranduil never supported an open door policy, keeping old grudges against elven kin and far too proud to consider other races as equals. Weary relationship evolved into near hostility over the past decade. The encroaching corruption of the Greenwood realm caused great suspicion of any outsiders who could have brought more harm. Being chased away at an arrow point by armed elves from the woodland areas that were secured by Silvan, hardly inspired trust in edain. Given the experience, she doubted Garan would be excited by the prospect of meeting more elves, even if they were Noldo. He, however, had read into her silence and didn't allow her to drop the subject. "Erulien, I must know anything that may concern this caravan." The healer sighed. Garan accepted her after all. A few weeks on the road had to amount to some trust. "There's no threat," she said with a far greater confidence than she felt. "I believe we may be within outer boundaries of an elven city, known as Rivendell by your kin. We may encounter their patrol or rather they will see us coming and follow until they understand our intentions. I could ask for a sanctuary on our behalf should they choose to speak with us." Many years had passed since her last visit to Imladris when she was an apprentice who followed her teacher, carrying a massive book for reference in the crook of her arm. Living in Mirkwood, all she had were the news from afar and rumours that the valley's ruler welcomed men into his realm. "I appreciate that you're willing to serve as intermediary between our people, but I don't believe it wise to deviate too far from our route. We should reach Greendale village in four days where we will replenish supplies and place our ill in a warm home. Whereas to solve the immediate problems, we must find refuge in the mountains where we can build fire and set camp overnight." "What if someone is injured when those wargs attack? I wouldn't dismiss possible help." "I do not have the luxury to dwell on imaginary scenarios." Garan's voice was hard. A first snowflake spiralled down from the clouds onto his shoulder, which in several hours was to be covered by a thick mantle of snow. He could not put faith in a city hidden somewhere on the other side of the mountains nor in armed sentinels that appeared out of thin air whose opinion about men was very much a mystery. Garan knew little about such people, but he did know that whenever someone bothered to hide their home, they most assuredly wanted no visitors. She had to accept that he bore responsibility for the consequences of that final decision. "You have my support no matter what," she claimed softly enough to keep a challenge out of their conversation. "But, allow me to dwell on those better scenarios for the two of us." "I'll think about it if they will include me by the fire with a large mug of warm ale and a roasted lamb leg." "It's a deal." They chuckled, mostly to end the argument without an upset, even though neither felt like laughing. Another howl came from the east, closer and surer. This time it found support that washed over the land with malevolence from the south. Erulien didn't look back. She rose up, placing her hands on Garan's shoulders, in search for the way west. It was there, twisted around an elevation that stood just a notch above the snowdrifts. "Head that way," she called, thinking about the mountains the caravan was turning towards and the beasts that were coming with the storm.