orcs, which howled and waved their jagged scimitars in the air before attacking one of the numerous men that were struggling to hold them at bay. Elendyne barely had a second for her mind to register the situation, as one of those foul black scimitars was swung at her head. She raised her sword to block it and then shoved it aside to give her a clear shot at the orc's torso. She plunged the cold steel into its chest, and it fell to the ground dead. Three more orcs had seen their comrade fall and charged Elendyne at once. Outnumbered, the best she could do was to block their blades while retreating backwards. Adrenaline flooded her veins, sending her senses into overdrive. All she could think to do was block, parry, and occasionally strike, but more importantly, just to survive. She was so wrapped up in the immediate task of staying alive that she realized too late that the orcs had forced her away from the door to her house. Her heart nearly stopped when she saw more orcs break down the door and run into the house where her mother was. Fueled by desperation, Elendyne fought back against the orcs with renewed force, trying against all odds to break through. She managed to cut down two of them, but the third forced her into a corner. Her foe forced her blade aside, but, just as he was about to deliver the killing blow, a sword stabbed him through the heart from behind. The corpse slumped to the ground to reveal Halmar. "Elendyne, you've got to get out of here now!" he exclaimed. Blood flowed from numerous cuts on his arms and legs, betraying the dire state of the situation. "But Mother…!" "I'll take care of her. You just go!" Halmar ordered, cutting her off abruptly. He turned around just as another orc tried to sneak up from behind. "Go now!" he ordered again, leaving no room to argue as he fended off his opponent's blows. Elendyne slipped past Halmar and stuck to the shadows as she crept around the buildings, two of which were already on fire. The wind blew embers from those buildings to the roofs of their neighbors, setting them ablaze as well. All around her, the men were dropping against the fury of the orc attack and the massive numbers they faced. Still more of the foul creatures poured into the village, some of which carried burning torches, which they hurled at the houses that were still standing. As she neared her own house, she saw Halmar fight valiantly to reach the door, but she knew in her heart that there was no way her mother could still be alive. Elendyne stopped dead in her tracks, and time seemed to stop as she saw an orc come up behind her father and brutally chop of his head. She tried to scream as the headless body fell to the ground, but no sound would come. Her mind screamed at her body to move, but her legs remained rooted to the ground. However, the falling cinders from a nearby burning house forced her feet into action. Unable to bear the sight any longer, she backed away and took off running in the direction of the stable. By now almost all of the men fighting to protect the village were nothing more than dead corpses, and all the buildings were on fire. The sound of neighing drew Elendyne's attention, and her eyes picked out the silhouette of a horse tethered to a pole next to one of the burning buildings, rearing and pulling at the rope in an attempt to break free. Running over to the panicked creature, her fingers worked to untie the horse's bonds. Once he was free, she swung onto his bare back and held on for dear life as the poor creature bolted away from the village in a mad gallop. Elendyne looked back once at the angry inferno that was once her village. By morning, it would be nothing more than piles of ash for the wind to sweep away, leaving behind a bare field of land for Mother Nature to reclaim as her rightful possession. Elendyne had no idea where the horse was taking her or how long she had been riding. All that mattered was putting as much distance between herself and those hideous orcs as possible. After riding for many miles, the grey stallion finally slowed to a halt from exhaustion. Sweat glistened off his coat, and his sides heaved up and down from exertion. Elendyne sat upright and patted his neck, as much for her comfort as his. She knew she was in a bad situation. The horse had no saddle, and the only thing that came close to serving as a bridle was his worn halter. Elendyne was not much better equipped. Save for her sword, all she had were the clothes on her back, which consisted of a grey tunic and earth brown leggings. She took this opportunity to fashion a makeshift bridle from the horse's halter and then coaxed him into a slow walk. Soon the refreshing sound of running water reached her ears, and she rode following the sound until she came upon a stream. At least now they had a source of fresh water. The horse needed no further prodding, as he trotted eagerly to the river bank and plunged his head into the cool water, taking long draughts to quench his thirst. As for Elendyne, all the adrenaline from earlier had finally left her system, leaving her body exhausted beyond belief. Unable to stay upright any longer, she fell from the horse's back and hit the ground right as merciful unconsciousness claimed her. Author's Note: Well, that's chapter 1! I hope you enjoyed it. Please review and tell me what you think. Flames will be used to roast orcs and marshmallows. If enough people like this, I will post the second chapter soon!