him no choice. "Sit.", The advisor's quite, hissed word was not to be questioned or disobeyed, and Elladan's reaction was instant. He sat, right were he was. "In the chair, Elladan!", Erestor roared while roughly pointing to one of two chairs in front of his desk. Elladan was off the floor and in the chair before Erestor even had the chance to take one step in that direction. In the time it took for Erestor to cross the distance to his desk and get himself situated in his chair, his initial anger at being so well played, for that was the true source of his ire, had started to dissipate and was being replaced with that disinterested yet still disapproving attitude that he approached everything with, as if to say, I'm not interested in what you have to say, but if I were I would disapprove of it.' At Erestor's silent signal to continue, Elladan started his explanation. "Elrohir did it." Erestor raised an eyebrow at the accusation, but remained silent. "Somehow he convinced all the dogs of Imladris to follow me around." Erestor gave a heavy sigh, "Start from the beginning, Elladan." --------------------------------------------- Erestor massaged his temples with two fingers as Elladan droned on about every minuet detail of his day. It had been two and a half hours since the oldest twin came to the advisor for help with his canine problem. Erestor stopped listening an hour ago and had spent the remainder of the time trying to stave off an impending headache. He didn't understand how a smart elf like Elladan could be so dense. Erestor just wanted to beat the peredhil's head on the desk and scream, 'It was the bath, you idiot! Just take another bath!' But he refrained from such behavior. Not only was it unbecoming of someone of his station, but it would also jeopardize his agreement with Elrohir. That was something he was not willing to risk. Then Erestor heard the sweet sound of mercy, the dinner bell. The councilor shot out of his chair, "I'm sorry Elladan, I fail to see where your problem lies. Perhaps a good dinner would help clear our minds. Come." Erestor grabbed a protesting Elladan by the arm and forcibly removed him from the office, ignoring the suddenly active dogs swarming at his feet. "Now," Erestor released Elladan, "I suggest you wash up and proceed to the dinning hall." With that, Erestor turned on his heel and made a quick exit down the hall. "But what about the dogs!" Elladan called after his retreating form. "Be rid of them!" "If I knew how to do that, I never would have come to you in the first place!", Elladan growled low in his throat, gave the dogs a disgusted look, and marched towards his chambers to prepare for the evening meal. --------------------------------------------- "I am sorry I am late, it could not be helped." Elladan offered his apologies as he entered the dining hall. Elrond gave a disapproving glance, then narrowed his eyes when seeing that his son had…guests. "Elladan, could you please leave the dogs outside?" It wasn't a question. As Elladan went to take his seat, he shot his sniggering twin an icy glare, "That also could not be helped." "This roast is marvelous! My compliments to the cook." Elladan started at hearing the unfamiliar voice. He had forgotten that Mirkwood's diplomatic party would be joining them. Just peachy, now all of Mirkwood would be hearing of his canine problems. Elladan shot Elrohir another icy glare, this one promising a very slow and painful death. Elrohir grinned. Elrond inclined his head in thanks for the compliment to his cooking staff. "Thank you Councilor Caegalan" "Aye.", Glorfindel agreed, "It is a pity though that you did not arrive a day sooner. Yester eve we were treated to our Master Cook's special rabbit stew. 'Tis no ordinary rabbit stew she makes.", Glorfindel pointed his cutting knife at Councilor Caegalan in a half-threatening manner, as if daring him to question the truth of this statement. "It is a culinary masterpiece. A dish so divine you would swear that your very salvation lay within it's mouth watering depths." Glorfindel sighed and his face took on a dreamy look as he lost himself to the memory of the previous nights dinner. Celebrian turned to the Mirkwood advisor with her own rabbit stew insight, "The aroma alone is enough to make elves and animals alike come running from every corner of Imladris! All manner of creatures lurk around the kitchens when our Master Cook is brewing her infamous stew." She let out a slight laugh, "Especially dogs!" Elladan's head snapped up as his mother's words hit him. She was right! The dogs of Imladris loved the smell of that stew, and today they loved him. That was it, that was the key, Elladan was sure of it. He smelt like that damnable stew! Elladan turned to his brother with narrowed eyes. If he wasn't already convinced of Elrohir's hand in the matter, the younger twin's face splitting grin would have surely given him away. "How?" "In your cleanser." "I smelt it!" "I diluted it." :silence: Suddenly, the dining hall erupted into chaos. Chairs clattered to the floor as a laughing Elrohir made a mad dash for the door, with Elladan in hot pursuit, screaming obscenities at his brother. With an overly excited pack of yipping, yowling, howling, barking, mass of multi-colored fur running after them. Once the cacophony of sound faded into the distance, Caegalan turned from staring in disbelief at the hall entrance back to the other occupants of the table. He noticed Glorfindel looked mildly amused, Erestor was wholly unimpressed, and both Elrond and Celebrian seem completely unaffected, having already resumed their eating. Caegalan's curiosity demanded to know what just happened, but propriety forbade him to ask. After a moments pause, Elrond offered the baffled advisor what he assumed was supposed to be an explanation. "Today is their begetting day."