Elladan hated hearing stories, and Estel was glad for that. "Is Elladan asleep?" Estel asked his father. "He is now," Elrond replied his son and then he asked him, "Why are you not tired?" "I want to hear your stories, adar, I am always awake for your stories," Estel replied with a wide smile. "And I thought after this long, tiring day, you will be asleep in your bed and I will be glad for it. But it seems that I was wrong," Elrond teased his son. "So, what story do you want to hear from me today, my son?" "Warriors, kings, monsters…" Estel replied eagerly. "All in one story? I will think about that…" Elrond hummed, trying not to fall asleep in front of the boy as it had been a long, tiring day for him too. "Think quickly, adar, before the monster eats me while I am sleeping," Estel added. "Well, the last time I checked for the monster was last night," Elrond reminded the boy. "Nothing was wrong then; what has changed since last night?" "I hear voices under the bed; can you check again, adar?" Estel asked. "I will, after I tell you the story, alright?" Elrond replied. "Thank you, adar," Estel clung onto the elf's neck and hugged him. Then he lay back on the bed expectantly. "What story are you going to tell me, adar?" "Let see, in the story I have a king, monsters somewhat, and warriors – lots of warriors for you, my son," Elrond replied with a grin. Elrond could sense someone approaching the room and turned around just as he heard the first touch of a hand on the door. "It's you, Glorfindel. What are you doing here at this time of the night?" Elrond asked his friend. "Did I hear the word 'story'?" Glorfindel asked as he took one step into the room. "I will be right back, my son," Elrond told Estel as he walked over to his friend. "Are you willing to tell my son a story?" "I am," Glorfindel replied, smiling a little too cheerfully for Elrond's liking. "Just a reminder, my friend, do not tell him anything about Elrohir, not even in your story," Elrond added before he turning back to his son. "It seems that Lord Glorfindel wants to tell you a story for once. Would you like that, ion?" Elrond asked him. "Yes, adar, but tomorrow I want to hear your story," Estel replied as he sat on the bed, leaning his head against the wall in eager anticipation. "Good luck," Elrond told Glorfindel, grinning, and then he added, "Oh, and tomorrow, Glorfindel you will be teaching both of them how to use a sword in combat." "Me? That will be my pleasure, my lord," Glorfindel exclaimed in pride. He would love to teach his friend's sons how to fight. "Yay!" Estel jumped up on the bed. "Estel…" Elrond warned him. Estel quickly sat back down. "Sorry, adar," he said, though he was still grinning. "I suppose it is time for a warrior like Glorfindel to tuck you in now. In time to come, I will need you to become a man and fight as a great fighter," Elrond told him softly as he returned to his son's bed. He sat down at the side, raised the boy's head and kissed his forehead. "I love you, adar," Estel thanked his father. Elrond nodded and smiled. Leaving his son's room, he returned to his own for some much needed rest. "Now, what story would you like me to tell you, young one?" Glorfindel asked the boy. "Stories about monsters, like the one that's hiding under my bed…" Estel took his blanket and pulled it over his body, using it like an armor against the monster. "I will see what is hidden beneath your bed," Glorfindel said and then he knelt down to check. "There is nothing here beside toys, young one. I think that your head is too full of imagination, though that is not a bad thing to have." "There is nothing under the bed?" Estel asked the elf-lord. "No," Glorfindel confirmed and then he added, "Nothing at all." "Tell me a story," Estel asked, now more relieved. "Alright," Glorfindel told him as he stretched himself out on the bed near the boy. "It all started when…" The next morning, Elrond looked up from his desk to find his little son waiting in the doorway. "Estel, ion, is there something amiss?" Elrond asked as he walked toward the boy. "I have been wondering, when are Elladan and I learning how to fight?" Estel asked. "Very soon, my son," Elrond told him and then he added, asking, "Why don't you go and find Elladan, and meet me in the garden?" "I will, adar," Estel replied and hopped out of his adar's room. Once the boy had left, Elrond returned to his chair and sat. The boy was so obedient and he was sure that both Celebrían and Elrohir would have loved him. At that thought, he could feel the tears welling in his eyes. So many years, and yet, he had never gotten over the loss of his dear wife and son. "My lord, are you alright?" Glorfindel asked as he passed the room. He seemed to have smelt the salt in the tears. "I am, thank you, my friend," Elrond managed a smile as he brushed the tears away. "I believe there are two impatient young ones waiting for me in the garden – and for you as well," Glorfindel said, urging his friend to join him. "Good luck with the first lesson; Estel is a very impatient child," Elrond warned his friend. "I know, but please do not forget, my lord, that you are blessed by his keen observation of things…" Glorfindel teased him as he left the house, embraced by the rising sun that smiled at him. Glorfindel smiled. It was going to be a beautiful day. End of Chapter 1.