months after he began unsuccessfully attempting to win her affections knocking on her door without an invite. Arwen, Elrohir and Elladen were not present at the time for they had business in the village and Belle had morning duties to attend to in their home. Bellethiel had been reading a leather bound book that was a work of fiction written by a local resident in the village. She was engrossed in her book and, therefore, annoyed that the person who interrupted her quiet reading was the person most unwelcomed in her life. Gaston barged his way into her house the moment she opened the door and tried, unsuccessfully, to seduce her. Bellethiel put up with it for as long as she could before she forcibly removed the man from her house. Josclyn had witnessed the huntsman's exit scene while she was attempting to get through the crowd to see her best friend that day. Later that afternoon when the crowd dispersed with the spurned Gaston, Josclyn and Belle conspired to speak to the village elders on the subject of this man. There was a trial and the village elders cast Gaston out of the village with the threat that they would let the two very angry nephews of Belle deal with him. The negotiations continued well into the night. Hilda, the innkeeper's wife, provided free rooms for the young women (and elleth) to sleep in while the men continued to talk among themselves. Belle and Josclyn shared a room though neither could sleep. The two noticed, passingly, that their family members were waiting outside of the inn around a fire. They could hear Arwen's voice singing softly in the night and the two of them opened the shutters to listen better to her beautiful rich mezzo-soprano voice. The golden blond human rested on the bed while Bellethiel quietly read her book sitting in a chair in the corner of the room with said reading material resting on a table in front of her. After a while Josclyn asked, "What is Arwen singing? I do not recognize the song." Belle smiled, "The Song of Baren and Luthien." The human woman lay back down and continued to stare at the ceiling while listening to the voice of Arwen drift through the window. "I don't want you to get picked, Belle," muttered Josclyn. The bronze haired elleth looked over her shoulder and said, "I do not want you to be chosen. I do not want any human to be chosen. The prince is dangerous and none of you are Dunadain women. The prince is an elf and he is elf business. King Thranduil should never have involved your village." Josclyn sat up again and gave Belle an angry look, "I understand that you do not like the ruling of the king, but our village has dealt with this for hundreds of years. Not one of us has an ancestor who did not live with the prince-." Belle cut her off, "A hundred years is as one for an elf, Joss. Misery loves company and the king is giving his son a village." "But people have died!" exclaimed her friend. Bellethiel looked strained, "Yes, human people have died. Where are the elf women being forced into this ritual may I ask? They are hiding from the beast and forcing you to suffer him! Well, I will not hide! I am not of Mirkwood, but I am still an elf. I can handle a raging beast." Josclyn rose from the bed and walked over to her friend. She sat on the table with a fearful look on her face. "Belle, this beast isn't like Gaston. He's had ages upon ages to be cruel and allow his evil to fester and grow. His strength is greater than yours, that I know," the blond muttered. Bellethiel smirked, "Some say the strength of the mind is greater than the strength of the body." Josclyn sighed and went back to the bed. She returned to her former position and after a few minutes each female went back to their previous time passers. There was a knock on the door and Josclyn shot upright in the bed while Bellethiel called, "You may enter!" The door opened and one of the village elders, a muscular woodcutter, stepped over the threshold but didn't continue further. His grey eyes met the teal ones of Bellethiel and the bronze haired woman's breath caught. "It has been decided and the elders wish for you, Bellethiel, to be the next chosen," he said gravely. Josclyn leapt up from her seat and made as if to attack the man with a cry of, "NO!" Bellethiel caught her best friend and held her back from the big elder staring sadly, though not apologetically, at the two of them. "Belle, please! Do not do this! I beg of you! Do not throw an eternity of reputation away for the sake of us!" Josclyn exclaimed. The bronze haired lady of Lorien held her best friend at arm's length and kept a steady gaze; locking her teal eyes with Josclyn's brown ones. "Aní lasta. Tullen tyé-varien, meldenya," she muttered in elvish. (Listen to me. I'm here to protect you, my friend) Josclyn, able to understand at least a little of what Bellethiel was trying to say, finally calmed. She did not, however, settle the discussion. "This is not your fight. It never was in the first place. Do not allow something that my king commands affect you. You are not his subject," she insisted. Bellethiel shook her head, "But this is my fight. I am an elf. I will protect you and your people from one of my own race. This burden was never yours to bear and you will bear it no longer." With that, she stepped away from the person she grew closest to outside of her family since the day she settled in the vicinity of the small town and followed the village elder out of the room.