himself out. He did not wish to speak with anyone, not even with his twin. All he remembered were the hurtful words that his Adar said to him. ' You should have gone with the duty patrol and never come back. ' His Adar already made it worst; ruined his holiday spirit. He had wanted to have fun and play with the elves because the season gave them this holiday, but now his spirit was lost. Elladan had new plans in his mind; after all, his Adar did not want him. He curled tighter on the bed, thinking of a way to leave without anyone noticing him. He heard a knock on his door, but he did not say anything and covered his head. "Elladan, gwador, I know that you are in the room, I can feel your presence. I am coming in, no matter if you wish or not." Elrohir said, letting himself and his Adar inside the room. Elrohir could see his brother, though he was under the sheets, who came closer and removed the sheets from his brother. He missed speaking with his twin. "Elladan, saes…" Elrohir spoke but he could feel himself being blocked by his half, when Elladan turned his back to him. "Leave me alone!" Elladan muttered, not looking at his brother. He did not want him to see his shame and fear. "Nay, I will not, not on this day and not ever." Elrond spoke first. Elladan turned around shaking, he stared at his Ada. He wondered why he was here. "Say anything," Elrohir urged his half, smiling at him. Elladan stared, not knowing what he wanted him to say. He exchanged looks with his twin and then stared at his Adar. He finally asked with a shaky voice. "What?" A soft hand touched him in his face, Elladan could feel his twin's hand, and then he could hear the soft voice of his brother, "Ada has forgiven to you, he now understands…" "I do, and I wish you could forgive me for the words that I said to you." Elrond knelt closer to his son, fearing to make any physical touch, and fearing his son hated him. Elladan still had a frown on his face, not knowing if he should believe them. His Adar's harsh words were still stuck in his mind, and he did not know if he should run from home or stay. "Gwador, saes, say anything. I am worried." Elrohir gently spoke to him, and he could feel his eyes getting wet as tears left him, leaking down and falling over his cheeks. Elladan could smell the salty tears that fell from his half's face, and he began to cry himself. Letting his spirit melt and build by the tears of his brother as the pieces began to merge and he could feel himself being surrounded by their love for him. "Saes, Elladan, stop crying, you will make Ada also cry." Elrohir chuckled at the sight of seeing his Adar weep the first new tears that dropped down his cheeks. Elladan did not know if he should cry or laugh after hearing Elrohir's words, he stared at his half, and nodded slightly, "Hannon-le, gwador-nin." Elrohir raised his hand to the air, and said to him, "Nay, I thank you…" leaving a surprise face on his brother who seemed caught off guard. "What for?" Elladan asked and wiped the tears away. "For watching me, and taking care of me, and even disobeying Adar's words even if he meant to send you away with the patrol, only to watch over me." Elrohir answered as his eyes were locked to his half. "I will always be there to guard you and watch over you," Elladan said to him and added, "after all you are my little brother." Elrond felt like an intruder, seeing the interaction between the twins. He could not bear all the pain and hurt that he saw as he looked at his older son. He started to leave the room, heading back where the feast held. "Ada," he heard and turned around, noticing that it was Elladan who called for him. He came closer. "Saes, forgive me," Elladan asked and added with mask full of pain, "I will do anything, just do not say that you wish that I would never return, saes…" Elrond's eyes were locked on his son, and he could feel the regret rising in his mind, and said softly, "I forgive you ion-nin, and I wish you could also forgive me. I felt so angry about your act." Elrohir stared at his Adar and gwador, smiling at the sight, feeling hope return. Hoping the rift between them was gone. "I do also hope that you would forgive me for my hurtful words to you, as I never wish you to go away from me. I always wish you to return home in one piece with no scratches, do you understand, ion-nin?" Elrond asked, tears, fresh tears falling down his cheeks. "I do, Adar, I do." Elladan smiled, walked to his Adar and clasped his shoulders. Elrond did the same, a smile now covering his face. Elrohir walked to them, and nodded with a large smile. "Are you coming or what? Glorfy might hurt our pet, and you know how Glorfy acts when he is drunk." "Go… enjoy the holiday… and save the pet from Glorfy's hands." Elrond grinned. Elladan swallowed, wiped the tears completely from his face, and then put a big smile on his face, and said, "I will, Ada, I will," and then to his half, "Come, we should save what is ours." Then Elladan hurried outside, leaving Elrohir and Elrond staring at each other. "Hannon-le, Adar." Elrohir moved to clasp his Adar's shoulders as well. Elrond nodded, "Go, your gwador is waiting for you." Elrohir left too, and then Elrond found himself sitting at the edge of Elladan's bed, and thought, 'What did I almost do with my mouth?' The End? 10