run and started dancing nervously. Before Asfaloth even fully stopped Erestor was on the ground. The horse nibbled on his tunic and gave him an accusing look, clearly thinking he should get back up again. Erestor stroked his neck soothingly and then pushed him away. "I know what you master wanted, but this is for the better. Now, go and get help." Asfaloth took one long look at him before with a defeated neigh took off. He knew Glorfindel would be absolutely furious with him for this, but Erestor wasn't too happy with the warrior either at the moment. His head still throbbed painfully and he knew he would have an impressive bump by the morning. So this probably wasn't a great idea, but he refused to return to Imladris without Glorfindel. He couldn't bear the thought of anything happening to the blond warrior. Though he didn't know if he could make much of a difference, he would at least try. He now dearly wished for his old sword which hung like a dusty relic on the wall in his chamber. He hadn't carried it for a very long time and he was never really good at using it, but in the times of war in the past everyone should know a little bit about self-defence. He remembered how his father had pleaded with him to leave his dear books and at least learn the basics of how to wield a sword. He never enjoyed it, but he got his father's point about the importance of it and did his best. There were some who did worse than Erestor who in any case had his agility to relay on, however it was quite clear that he would never make a good warrior. But as it was now he was pretty much unarmed. Except for the small dagger hidden in his boot that not even Glorfindel knew of. Actually nobody knew of the little knife he usually wore, efficiently hidden under his long robes. He supposed it was a remnant from the dark times when it felt necessary to at least carry something sharp with him. Though there had been peace for a long time now the world was still not a safe place, which had been clearly shown tonight. To feel the dagger pressed against his leg had always felt comforting. Of course there wasn't much he could do with a knife, but at least he wasn't unarmed. His light run had taken him closer to the sounds of orcs and he cautiously began to slow down, not wanting to reveal himself. He didn't hear any wargs and guessed they were off hunting somewhere else. The voices seemed to heading his way and he quickly decided to climb a tree to go unnoticed. Erestor hadn't climbed any trees since he was an elfling but he thought he remembered the technique well enough. After some effort he finally was seated on a thick branch, and it didn't take long before the orcs emerged from the trees. Erestor watched the vile creatues with dread; ithad been a long time since he even saw an orc. They didn't venture into the forests of Imladris often, and if they did the warriors would be sure to hunt them down quickly. When they came closer he noticed that without the wargs the group wasn't as big as you would have thought from the sounds, maybe just something over a dozen. But they were still a formidable threat. The orcs were pretty big too, bigger than anyone Erestor had encountered before. It would definitely be a risky thing to take on this group by yourself. The advisor truly hoped that Glorfindel hadn't run into them yet. If so there was a chance that he would find the warrior's lifeless body next, and the thought made him shiver. He went further out on his branch to take a closer look at them. If none of them were injured, they likely hadn't met Glorfindel. They seemed uninjured, he thought with relief. He didn't know what their wargs were up to, but this group of orcs had at least not had any encounter with the blond elf. So caught up in his musing, he didn't even notice when he took a wrong step and found himself slipping off the branch. With a racing heart he quickly tried to regain his balance and find something to hold on to. His flailing hands managed to get hold of a twig above him, but it was too thin to support his weight for any longer time so it cracked and had him falling to the ground with a yelp. He landed on the leaf covered ground with a painful thump, right in the middle of a group of very surprised orcs. ------------------------------------------------ Glorfindel stopped his run and listened carefully. The sounds of the wargs seemed to be heading away from his track. Either they had found a more interesting track to follow, or the orcs had called them back. He didn't want to lose the position of the orcs, so he started heading back to see what they were up to. They were likely to have followed the wargs, so they should be close by. They were starting to get alarmingly close to Imladris and he didn't like it; he would need his warriors soon to stop them getting any closer. Asfaloth should have carried Erestor to Imladris by now, and that meant that enforcement should be on its way, he thought hopefully. After tracking through the forest for some time he finally heard the sounds of orcs again. They were close to Imladris, but still a safe distant away. Glorfindel was relived by that, but the excited voices from the crowd increased his worries once again. He hurriedly set off to see what the orcs had found, but a piercing scream made him stop dead in his tracks. Glorfindel would recognise that voice anywhere. 'Erestor,' he thought with rising horror. TBC