did, then I would run away forever to where there are no mad stewards, and I would take you with me." Scooting up right against Faramir, he nudged him with his elbow and turned his gaze upwards to the constellations peppering the heavens. He withdrew a smooth long-stemmed pipe and lit the pipeweed scrunched up in the bowl with a flick of tinder on flint that he always kept near to him. "Such a beautiful evening," he murmured, glancing sidelong at Faramir as he studied his brother's slightly gaunt but still dazzlingly handsome face. "The stars are singing to the White City because of your return," he said softly, eyes still turned to the sky. "They are as happy as I am that you are here again." "Do you really think so?" Boromir said soberly in a low voice. He continued to observe his brother's features, paying particular attention to the glimmer in Faramir's blue-green eyes as they shined under the failing light of the sun. Faramir turned and looked at Boromir in surprise. "Forgive me, I was not aware that I had spoken aloud." The customary flush reddened his cheeks, though it was hard to see in the failing light of the evening. Without realizing what he was doing, he slid away from Boromir, his brother's rich voice sending tingles up his spine. What is this? he thought to himself. Boromir raised one eyebrow at his brother's strange reaction and moved back next to him. "No, that was beautiful, Faramir," he soothed. "Beautiful just like you are, and like mother was. It reminded me of the songs she would sing to us when we were smaller but.... well, I suppose you don't remember her very well..." "You should not compare me to mother...I am nowhere near as beautiful as she was." Faramir hopped off of the wall backed and several paces away from it, putting more distance between the two of them. "But you're right, I don't remember her very well. Though I do remember the song she would always sing." He closed his eyes and started singing the sweet melody, the notes floating from his tongue like the gentle breeze that swept through the city. Boromir was hurt by the abrasive tone that Faramir's voice had taken when he chided Boromir for comparing him to their mother. "My apologies," he said quietly, remaining on the wall, kicking his heels against the white blocks of stone while puffing his smoke pensively. He would have smiled to hear the music flowing from Faramir's mouth but for the strange sadness that was settling over his heart as he saw more and more of the way Faramir had changed, how he had become so despairing and chillingly somber. //"Perhaps I should leave him be for the night,"// he thought. He finished the song and opened his eyes, waiting for the approving smile that he was certain would be on Boromir's face. The small smile he had garnered throughout the song fell immediately as he saw his brother's downcast countenance. "Boromir...Have I done something to offend you?" Boromir flicked his eyes up for a second before returning to staring at the ground below him. "No, no, it's nothing. Just thinking," he said as he waved a hand dismissively. "About what?" he asked, tilting his head much in the way a curious puppy would. Boromir smiled weakly. "You. And our mother." He felt very close and tight- lipped now, and slid off the wall, walking past Faramir as he made his way to his chambers. Faramir stood where he was, rooted to the ground momentarily. He had never received such a cold brush off from his brother before. "Boromir!" he called out to him, finding his voice again. He jogged to catch up with his brother, tailing him doggedly. "I'm sorry! Please, tell me what I've done!" "Do not trouble yourself with my moods, Faramir," Boromir said more sternly that he meant to. He paused mid-step and gave Faramir a searching look and ruffled his brother's curly hair affectionately. "I just need some time to think in peace, if you don't mind." Faramir stopped abruptly as though he had been physically shoved backwards by one of the bullies he had encountered earlier. "If that is what you want," he said evenly, though he felt himself physically wilt on the inside. He watched his brother disappear down the corridor without looking back at him once. He was alone again, though somehow it felt even worse than when Boromir had been leagues away. *** Sequestering himself within the safe confines of his quarters, Boromir let out a loud sigh and he ran his hands through his hair in frustration. Faramir's unmistakable changes were seriously bothering him now, particularly after all the evasive replies Faramir had given about his spindly frame, the crowd of taunting boys, and the secret scribbling on those bits of parchment.... the parchment! Immediately Boromir withdrew the balled-up papers where they had been forgotten in his pocket and sat down on his bed. He unfurled one and his eyes slowly widened as he read the delicately crafted prose written there. Eager for more, he uncrumpled the other sheets and soon his confused look was replaced with one of mirth and contentment. He was grinning broadly to himself with every passing line of poetry. Suddenly, Boromir sensed someone approaching and he hastily stashed the parchments underneath his pillow, not noticing the one that had floated down onto the floor next to the bedside. Faramir paused just outside of Boromir's room, staring at the heavy oak door sadly. He was en route to his own chamber, but was distracted as soon as he drew close to his brother's room. He simply looked at the door for a few long moments as though he were nothing more than a forlorn puppy. Shaking his head and reminding himself that Boromir had instructed him to simply leave him be, Faramir resumed his solemn walk back to his room.