words like "boyfriend" or whatever, and Sigyn was far from coherent anyway. But as far as I can figure, her date did not go well. So most of the night I stayed up comforting her as best I could. I've done it before back home- you find her something good to eat, then you hug her and let her rant and cry and tell her what a wonderful person she is and how much better she can do than whoever he was and generally bash all men. Not speaking the language hinders a bit of that, but I found her some bread and cheese and hugged her and let her rant and cry and made comforting noises and used sword-fighting words once I'd figured out his name. I also picked up several new Westron curses, which I wrote down on my vocabulary sheets as soon as she fell asleep. Weren't ancient women supposed to be all proper and innocent and stuff? Sigyn has a mouth like a sailor. I can tell by the shocked looks she occasionally gets whenever she drops something or whatever and starts yelling. I think she'll be okay, though, Sigyn never struck me as the sort of girl who is really dependent on having a boyfriend. She's more the type to get angry than to get all depressed. I've never seen her mope around- when she's in a bad mood, she runs around being extra-productive, as if all dirt was a personal affront or something. Yeah, it's just about time to go and get started on chores. I don't think I'm going to wake Sigyn up just yet, though. I can do most of hers as well as mine, for the morning at least; she needs her sleep. Eleventh Entry No long entry tonight. No time at all. I just have to keep reminding myself how nice Sigyn has been to me ever since I arrived, how many times she's had to make up for my shortcomings and been so patient explaining to me how things are done here. It's late afternoon and I still haven't the heart to wake her up. Goodbye, more chores to do. Twelfth Entry I had to miss my sword-fighting lesson with Boromir yesterday, because of the extra chores. I tell you, if I had to do that much work every day I would simply keel over and die. Sigyn's feeling a lot better today, though. She was really surprised that I'd voluntarily taken on extra work, but she is my friend, I guess. It's nice to have a friend. It's also nice to know that I did something helpful to someone else for once. I've had to ask for help from everybody since I got here in just about everything, and finally I get to do something in return. I'm going to go see if I can find Boromir now, and apologize for not being there. Couldn't find Boromir. He's sitting in on some council or other. He's Steward-in-Training or whatever they call him, so he has to learn how these things work. He's really busy, isn't he? I'm very glad that he takes the time for my sword-fighting lessons, though. It's one of the highlights of my day. Of course, the rest of my day is taken up by chores, so I guess that doesn't say much. But whatever. He's a really cool guy. I mean, in the movie he attacks Frodo to get the Ring and everything, but I just can't see the same evil in Boromir the actual person. Actually, I don't think I've seen him do anything evil. He got in a fight with some other boys once, and won quite decidedly, but that was after they'd pushed Faramir into a midden heap and called him some of the names I heard Sigyn call the cat when it knocked over a crock of rare herbs belonging to the healers and ruined them. Always looking out for Faramir, he is. Whatever happened to their mother, anyway? I've never seen her, and she wasn't in the movie either. Maybe she's dead. I wonder how my family is doing. It just occurred to me that they could die and I'd never know. I wonder if they think I'm dead. I remember how scared my mom was when my little sister fell off a horse. She was fine, just a little bruised, but Mom screamed and ran over faster than I'd ever seen her move. I thought of when Gandolf and the Rohan king are standing by the grave and the Rohan king weeps and says "No parent should have to bury their child." Now I'm feeling really guilty. Maybe I shouldn't have wished to come here. At the very least I should have told my family not to worry. I'm crying now. I need to stop crying all the time. If I'd been less of a thoughtless bitch and talked to them before I left, I would have said that I'd be just fine, not to worry, everything was going to be okay. And back then, I would have defined "okay" as going to find Legolas and playing a big part in the story and being able to do all sorts of things, like fight and cast a few magic spells and speak the damn language . It sounds so ridiculous now. But I still think I'm going to be okay. I've gotten a lot better at my chores, so I don't think that they'll fire me. And I think that Sigyn and I can look after each other. Boromir's helping me out, too. Once I learn some more Westron, I think we could be friends. I know that the good guys win at the end, and that Gondor gets restored. Now that I think about it, I have a lot more than a lot of people can say. Yeah. I think I'll be okay. Just need to stop crying all the time, and then I'll really be okay.