protested at the sudden roughness he couldn't help but feel, now more than ever, that he was coming home. Breathless he stopped short, the blonde Elf coming into sight. Legolas was sat beside the pool he had encountered Arwen near all those years ago, from here it was clear to see Legolas could easily have watched them without either of them knowing. He wondered now if it had truly been Arwen's voice he had heard of if Legolas had witnessed their first meeting. Stepping softly from the branches and moving slowing towards his best friend he saw now how pained the Elfs face truly was and his chest tightened as he realised he was the cause. Smiling he closed his eyes and concentrated on the words, now louder than ever. Starting softly he joined in as he walked closer, Our time is gone and the end draws near And I may wish for ever more, for just once more You were never mine and I were never yours My heart grows cold yet burns with warmth To see you grow, stand tall and proud And as I watch, the fates take hold and guide you fo'ward We'll learn to smile and be free and bright Remember young one, we are but two halves of one whole. The stars dance around in darkened skies and show us what we seek. For those with Gifted eyes can see; their future destiny. And we ride towards a red dawn A brilliant, colourful sky of the morn Forget the path we have walked, forget the place we have been A march to'ard a new house, a new fate, of things yet to be seen Two hearts and two paths, apart for far too long Their end is the same Two hearts and two paths rushing fo'ard Together they remain. Estel opened his eyes and looked into the pale blue that greeted him, "Melamin…" "Do not make this harder" the voice was broken and quiet Estel leant forward "I can hear you" he whispered "I have always heard you, and only you. Legolas, it was always you" without waiting for a response he leant in further and captured lips he had dreamt about since he first saw them. His arms came up to hold the lithe body close "Aragorn…" He broke away and looked at the Elf "Estel" he said "I was Estel when I met you, when I chased you and when I realised I loved you and so I shall remain" Legolas smiled softly "Your name does not change who you are, King of Men" he said bitterly "Your place is not by my side" "But your place is beside me, I shall have no other and the people of Gondor will learn to accept that. You are royalty in your own right; there is no one more deserving" "Your Queen awaits you though" he replied mockingly stepping back Estel pulled him back "my Queen has a lot to answer for, she has told me the lengths she went to too keep you away, rest assured any affection I felt toward Arwen is naught now." Legolas looked into his eyes, searching for any hint of a lie "She told you everything?" he breathed hardly daring to hope "She told me enough, enough to know what that song means, enough to know she has spent my life steering me away from you, enough to know what my heart has known all along. My place is inside your arms" Estel leant closer his lips brushing softly against the Elfs as he spoke "We have spent far far too many years apart Legolas do not make it even longer" Legolas smiled "I knew from the moment I saw you, you would cause nothing but trouble" he said smiling before leaning forward allowing him to taste the Man he had stood beside for years, holding himself back from this very action "and I knew I wanted to experience every second of it" he murmured leaning up again and capturing chapped lips Estel laughed and crushed the Elf to him relishing the feel of the lithe body against his, rough hands sliding inside the thin shirt Legolas was wearing and tickling lightly at the skin underneath, "You know we have a lot to catch up on" he murmured, placing light kisses on the Elf "I swear Men have only one brain" Legolas's statement was somewhat hindered by his eager returning of kisses and caresses Estel had notice and pushed his hips forward slightly eliciting a gasp "like Elves are any different" "At least we have the decency to wait until we are inside" "Liar, besides I have always preferred the boughs of a tree to any bed, why change now?" Legolas laughed and allowed the Man to pull him up into the leafy darkness of the trees towering above them. It would be days before Aragorn and Legolas emerged from the forest, smiling and leaning into each other. Arwen greeted them smiling and telling them arrangements for marriage had been made, all that was left was for the people of Gondor to meet their kings consort. Aragorn had stared in surprise before wrapping her in his arms and whispering a soft thank you. It would be weeks of frantic arrangements and general panic before the wedding, and further weeks before the protests from those who opposed the unusual union died out; quashed by the large majority who had welcomed the familiar Elf with open arms. And decades would pass before Estel and Legolas made the choice to join Arwen and Elrond in the Grey havens. so there we go, the end :) I think i got a bit carried away with the whole song thing...it was only meant to be a small side note but ended up being a kind of theme...and for once no smut :O when it came to write it...it felt wrong for some reason...XD i think i much prefer this with out smut :)