of the land. My mind was dulled. There was a room inside it which my consciousness refused to touch. Time passed like this, and my daughter grew from the frail infant she had been into a beautiful young girl. She had inherited the thick, brown, wavy hair from Imrazôr's mother, and my own grey eyes. When what I thought was a few years had passed, we dared the journey into town. There was a great commotion, because a grey ship had arrived from Middle Earth. To my great wonder, one of my childhood friends was among those who stepped off the ship. I couldn't contain myself, but took my protesting daughter's hand and ran towards her. Alpheth and I had been as sisters when we grew up. She was greatly surprised to see me, and we spent a while in a local inn, catching up. She was weary from the journey, but had many things to tell. I ended up inviting her to my new home. Her own family lived on the other side of the island, and it would do her good to rest before moving on. Fàrandil and Eärlindë were delighted to hear news from the other side of the ocean. I had been in no shape for gossip when I first arrived. Their language was different from mine and Alpheth's, but we could understand each other well enough in most ways. Gaeril was fortunately fast asleep when the words that changed my life were said. According to Alpheth, more than sixty years of the Sun had passed since I sailed. My head spun. Galador and Gilmith must already have grown up, a long time ago. And Imrazôr...my dear husband, he must already had passed beyond the circles of the world. All this time, I had unconsciously thought that it was possible to return after healing was complete. The full weight of my actions crashed down on me like a breaking wave. I ran blindly out of the house, and ran without any conscious direction until the Sea was in my way. The weather was windy, and for a moment I considered simply throwing myself into the waves like lord Amroth had done. On the other side of the wide strait was the bright coast of Valinor, beautiful and terrible. Maybe, if I tried to reach the other side, I would be punished for my sins... My desperate thoughts were interrupted by Eärlindë, who had followed my tracks and almost literally dragged me back to their house. I was not allowed to die, not after the effort she had put down in saving us. She yelled at me, and asked if I was really trying to leave the only daughter I had left? I would happily have faded from shame, but she did not allow it. Where she got the strength is a mystery to me. She stayed with me day and night, saw to Gaeril who must have been terrified, and made sure that I ate every day and answered when she talked to me. When she wasn't there, Alpheth or Fàrandil would sit in my room instead. It added to my shame that poor Alpheth, who must have sorely missed her family, chose to stay here instead. One day, I overheard a conversation between Fàrandil and Eärlindë through the window. He told her a chilling story about an ellon who had appeared on one of the recent ships, his spirit too damaged from war to interact with others. He went on to describe, in vivid details, how he had been brought to Lòrien for healing and what had happened to him there. The process of restoring his innocence had been terrible, but necessary, and he was just now learning to speak and recognise his family again. It scared me senseless on a basic level. This would not happen to me! Slowly, I started climbing back to life again. I started paying attention to the smells of food and grass, the birds outside the window, my daughter's voice when she sang. How could I not have noticed that beautiful voice before! It gave me some strength to know that she still knew song and happiness, even when her mother had almost deserted her as she had deserted her siblings. Gaeril was utterly delighted when I smiled at her one morning when she brought me food. It nearly broke my heart again, how many days must she have watched over me and not seen any improvement? I stood up and held her, and we cried together in the far too well used bedroom. Many years have passed since this happened. It has been more than six yèni since I left Middle Earth. Ships still arrive, and with each one, news arrives too. I have learned that Galador founded a line of princes, and that his line has been one of good rulers. I have heard of great battles, but also of births and weddings. Only now, when the trees whisper about a great victory in the East, have I found the courage to write this letter. "The Shadow has fallen", they say. "Sing and be happy, your people is free!" My heart tells me that somebody from my son's line played a part in that victory. There is of course no sure way to deliver this letter. Many ships sail West, but very few times have ships sailed East. There is one, of course, but I would never dare to approach that sailor. Maybe I will seal it in a bottle like children do, and throw it into the sea. Maybe it somehow will, by the grace of the Valar, find its destination. May your paths be green and your life filled with song and laughter. My thoughts will always be with you. Mithrellas, once of Lothlòrien and Belfalas. Notes: English isn't my first language, and any corrections are welcome. The Sindarin phrase " Cuio vea, hîn vuin " means "Farewell, my dear children". "Ellon" means male Elf.