see." "Pippin saw in the Palantir a glimpse of the enemy's plan . . ." "Merry stop that. . . ." "Men are not as weak as he supposed. There is courage still – strength enough, perhaps to challenge him." "Do you think they will send us away?" "He will raise Minas Tirith to the ground . . ." "Carolyn, are you crying?" "Rohan must be ready for war." "No, I . . . I'm fine." "What do we owe Gondor?" "What are they saying anyway?" "They must be warned!" "Do you think we're going to eat soon?" "Understand this; things are now in motion that cannot be undone. I ride to Minis Tirith and I will not be going alone. As for the newcomers," However at this Gandalf began to speak in a quieter whisper, Kaitlyn turned anxiously to Bethany and began to smooth out her skirts again. "We have given them no reason to trust us!" she whispered urgently, "They will cast us out and tell us no more of what they have planned." "But we already know everything they are going to do." Bethany returned and Kaitlyn glanced back over her shoulder. "But if they don't trust us enough to include us, oh Bethany! Can you imagine watching the war of the ring from the sidelines?" Suddenly Gandalf in his entire white splendor brushed past them, heading towards the hobbits. "Follow me Pippin." He muttered and the hobbit did as he was asked, glancing franticly over his shoulder at Merry and Carolyn as he went. The four friends and the hobbits followed the wizard out the door of the hall and towards the stables. "Of all the inquisitive hobbits, Peregrin Took, you are the worst! Hurry! Hurry!" "Where are we going?" asked Pippin as he stumbled after the wizard down the hill. Merry stopped him with a glance. "Why did you look? Why do you always look? "I don't know, I can't help it!" "You never can." "I'm sorry, all right? I won't do it again." Merry stopped walking and turned to Pippin. "Don't you understand? The enemy thinks you have the Ring. They're going to be looking for you, Pip. They have got to get you out of here." Pippin looked momentarily stricken. "And you . . . You're coming with me?" Merry turned and walked away towards the stables, his shoulders hunched. "Merry?" "Come on!" All of the girls crowded into the stables with the hobbits and the wizard, Kaitlyn franticly clutched at Gandalf's sleeve as he called for Shadowfax. "Please, Gandalf let me come with you." The white wizard seemed taken aback for a moment, turning to look at her, his piercing gaze seeing right through her and into her heart. "What do you know?" He asked quietly. Kaitlyn shifted uncomfortably, not wishing to play all of her cards just yet. "Enough, I know what will happen to Minis Tirith if we do not reach it in time. I know that Denethor will resist you, that Faramir will be pushed to do that which he does not wish, but will, for the love of a father that he will not receive until to late." She looked up into Gandalf's wondering eyes. "Please Gandalf, I know much more than even you, and I want to be there, to help. Please." Gandalf frowned. "How do you know of Faramir, of any of this?" "It is a long story, and hard to tell. Let it be said only that we are both favored by Eru, and may us both bring help to those who need it." "But you are scarce ten and five!" He exclaimed and Kaitlyn smiled slightly. "Does it matter?" Gandalf seemed to soften a moment and then frowned again. "I cannot bring you along Lady, Shadowfax will not bare us all, and you would not keep to the pace he will set." Kaitlyn's face fell into darkness as she realized this, having forgotten all about the need for a horse. "Tell me all you know about the coming events, tell me what you know of Denethor and Faramir? He is dear to me; I would not have him manipulated by his love." There was nothing she could do, Kaitlyn realized, this was out of her hands and in the ones of the wizard now before her. Unconsciously she allowed her tears to begin to fall down her cheeks. "You cannot help him Gandalf, and it seems that neither can I. Tell him only that his father loves him, or will before the end." Gandalf smiled slightly and patted her shoulder in a fatherly manner, feeling a connection with the girl who felt so strongly about the man who was nearly a ward of the kindly wizard. He turned away and Kaitlyn caught his arm. "Frodo is alive Gandalf, even now he is moving into Mordor, he will pass through Shelobs lair, but he will reach the other side. The ring will be destroyed Gandalf, I can promise you that. However, the cost will not be light." Gandalf smiled a little, somehow believing the words that gave him hope. Gandalf Swung Pippin onto Shadowfax and as Kaitlyn watched from across the stables she saw pippin mutter something and Gandalf answer. Gandalf mounted Shadowfax easily and Merry handed Pippin a small packet Pippin sadly looked up and spoke, Merry looking as though he was trying his hardest to be nonchalant about the whole business responded and backed away from the horse, looking terrified, his voice mirroring his feelings. "Merry!" Pippin exclaimed and in a whirl of light and dark Shadowfax was out of the stables, the rush of air caused by their departure rustling Kaitlyn's hair as she wept. Seeing not a horse and its rider passing her by, but the only chance she had had of being a help to the character, and in this world, the man, that she loved. All of her friends were there to comfort her, knowing exactly how she felt.