flapped gently about another Dunadan. The tall grave man fumbled for endless minutes, cursing the wet knots of a great black standard but at last the banner snapped before her breeze. The herald raised it high, its stars of diamond flaming proudly in the rising sun and lifting hearts and hopes. The tides of fate had turned. When late that day the westering Sun streaked dusky red the white scarred stones of City she blew open a shutter and entered a hushed and anxious House. Amrûn dipped before a white linen bier and caressed softly the still, chill face of a maiden fair. "It feels like home." thought a young King wonderingly as he held an icy hand. "The warm breeze of high Midsummer has come with its promise of golden wheat." His heart was lightened and with a voice hoarse from the cry of battle he spoke to his sister of new born hope, of capering foals and silver streams and berries ripe upon the vine. The little Maia smiled. The veil of shadow now grew no deeper and she was content. Light as a sigh Amrûn pressed a kiss of blessing to the maiden's brow and drew away. There were others suffering and she was warm, a breath of buttercups and sweet green grass in a space chill with fear and pain. Olorin, pausing in his great labours, reached up and touched a shining drop that was a mirror, reflecting as it did the sparkle in his eyes. " Always fair one when you brushed my face I knew it was a prayer. By your warmth the grey faces of the sick are lightened for a while . You have my gratitude . " She curtsied, for of all of their Lord's servants he had worked hardest for this day. Little by little in the months and years to follow folk came to know the East Wind differently. She was, if not always warm and gentle, always fresh and untainted by dark fume. If she brought rain none now complained for where she flew the many drops that shone and sparkled about her neck kissed the clouds and made them groan, made them let go their heavy burdens to begin again their rush to join Ulmo's works. She washed away the memory of decay from lands rent and torn by war. On a morning of sparkling golden sun two Princes paused at the summit of a softly rounded range of hills . One, dark of hair like his father but with his mother's easy grace, laughed as the bright jingling of a headstall broke the droning song of the lazy bees. He reached forward and thumped affectionately on his stallion's neck. "Our mounts become impatient with the climbing, my friend. They smell the sea and shore upon the rising wind. They want to run." Away below them stretched leagues of shining blue crowned by white caps of the dancing waves. The leaves of the Cumulada trees swayed softly to their time. The other prince, fair and proud as his mother's people, took a deeper breath, loosened his rein and let his own mount crop greedily at the thyme and purple thistle. The air had grown heavier, full and soft with the barest tang of salt. "As do I. I love this Dari. Sun and breeze before us on such a morn. It is a good sign I think, a wind from the East. We will have a little welcome rain before the day is done." "We shall. I wonder what mysteries the Wind can tell us of? We know so little of this land." His companion smiled, wondering what lay beyond the farther shore draped by a silver-green and silent wood. The dark prince raised his hand to shield his eyes, searching nearer for a gleam of sand. "It is a pleasant view. I am hot and sticky from the climb and would like to pause. Let us camp by the sea and have a swim before the day is through." He turned and whistled to the company behind them. The men began to pick their way down the slopes of the old eroded mountains. They were in high good spirits and as voices raised to greet the day the young Prince of Gondor caught a snatch of an old tune he had heard his father sing. " What news of the East, O fair fey wind, do you bring to me this morn?" " What news of Boromir the blithe and the echo of his horn?" About the waves the Amrûn twirled in delight. She sang to the Princes of the river running from a sea girt in silver woods, of the wild white kine that grazed about its shores, of an island where once a shining lamp rose high. Rhûn, released from his long dark and troubled slumbers, smiled to see her billow foam against the rocks of his shingled shore. "How delightful is your dance this morn Amrûn. Your mist has washed the haze from my sight and all I see is fair, yet you are fairer still. Will you tarry a while with me?" She smiled shyly and alighted on the island, chased a playful watching otter with a tumbling gust. He was so courteous. Perhaps she should rest and speak with one who paid such pretty compliments. Perhaps. But she would not speak of love quite yet. . A/N: I have played with canon from the Silmarillion a little here: I have placed Manwë for simplicity in his halls atop Taniquetil earlier than is known. That the winds were Maia is also not canon…strictly speaking they are not mentioned, but as Manwë is Lord of Air I thought it fitting. There is no River-Maid of Anduin in JRR's Legendarium but I like to think there might have been. Thanks so much to Thanwen, Annafan, Gythja, Lucia, and Gwynnyd for feedback and encouragement and to the voters at Teitho for their support once again.