suspect him; he offered information about the victims that was not released to the press. I am going to message for backup." She said as she disconnected. She turned around to see Peter staring her square in the face. "Great work detective, you're sharp too." He said as he knocked her out with his bag. She woke up not long after to find that her long ginger hair had been braided to the side like the other victims. Her hands were bound by some zip-ties, and she didn't have her trousers on. She must have been out for some time, the moon was already halfway across the sky. She found Beegle pacing around her with some wadded up cloth in his hand. "Peter, what are you doin—" she said as he gagged her with, what she now knew, were her own pants. He cuffed his hand over her mouth to muffle her screams. "You know, Liz. Wait, can I call you Elizabeth? Beautiful name." he started. "I wasn't going to kill you. I was hoping you were rather dull, and wouldn't figure it out. I was fine; in fact very satisfied with the three I had already spent time with. I was going to set you loose on a wild-goose chase with this phantom patient." He said as he pressed down harder on her mouth. "What made you figure it out?" he shouted as he was about to uncover her mouth. "I must know, and if you scream, I will cut your tongue out while you're still alive." The thought made tears come down her cheeks. She looked around and found that she was in a field, not much around. He finally uncovered her mouth. "I-I-" she coughed. "Your name." Peter laughed, "Very clever. You know, you're sharper than Emery, Erin, and Edith combined. I promise, after you are gone, I won't cut your tongue out. I don't need a trophy from you, you're my ultimate trophy." Peter pulled her up to her knees. "Sorry about the zip-ties, you weren't wearing any stockings, and this was all I had. But why would you wear stockings? Mmmm! Those legs!" he then pulled her up to standing and made her step through her arms to make it so her hands were bound behind her back. "You know, it was all true, about my mother." He referred to the story he gave to her about the "patient" as he forced her back on her knees, then all fours. "She was a wretched woman, dull as a doorknob though. It gives me pleasure to hold smart women in my memory now, so thank you." He said as he got on his knees and unzipped his pants. The whole scene aroused him and at this point he was running his hands up and down her thighs. He heard faint sirens in the distance. "Better get a move on" he said, and with that he penetrated her. "Oh, how sweet are you?" He said as he thrust and forced himself inside her. She then started to scream, and with her screams he shoved her pants in her mouth again and firmly held his hand over her mouth as he continued. He yelled "ELIZABETH!" as he climaxed. He then hit Liz hard in the head to knock her out. He dragged her to a hole he prepared while she was unconscious the first time. He placed a wooden crate in the hole that he found on campus and kicked her body in it. He closed the crate and shoved the dirt over the shallow grave burying her alive. "No, Elizabeth Phillips, I won't kill you. Time will." He laughed as he made his way out of town, out of Yorkshire, vanishing to leave SC-11 wondering and picking up the pieces of Liz's discovery. Hours later Liz opened her eyes to darkness. She had no idea where she was, but she was cold, and in a box. The lid was heavy, and shortly after awaking, she deduced that she had been buried. She spit out her pants and screamed, she beat and kicked the crate until she bloodied up her fists, knees, and feet and collapsed in exhaustion, and with the air getting thin. Above her was some soft foot traffic in a secluded forest. Someone with excellent hearing, and who alerted his fellow guards to the location of where he heard muffled screams. They sounded leagues away, but he sensed that they were coming from right here, in this recently broken soil. Liz awoke moments later and softly said, "Help" she knew no one would hear her, but she would fight to the last breath. "There it was, quieter though." The one who stood above her said. "This soil, it looks different from the surrounding soil." With no reservation he began to dig, the three guards all dug with him. "Sir, are you certain we should be spending our time on this?" said another guard. "I feel it, we must." said he. They kept digging until they came upon a wooden crate which seemed to have been buried in a shallow grave. He kicked it and it startled Liz. "Help, me" Liz said, very softly. With that the three guards broke the wood and found a half-naked woman inside. When Liz saw that she was finally discovered, she passed out. "Sir Legolas," said the other guard, perplexed. Legolas reached down and lifted the young woman from inside the crate. She was in a bad way, bruises and scrapes all along her body, a thick gash on her head. He saw some garments inside the crate, Liz's pants and trousers. It didn't take long for Legolas to discover what they were for and gently clothed her bare bottom half. "Water," Legolas demanded. He sprinkled some on her face, and she opened her hazel eyes once more. "Drink this, and fear not, you are safe." He said as he held her in his arms bringing water to her lips.