will enter the large windows I see toward the East. Yawning widely, I simply fall into bed, neglecting to change beforehand. I barely remember to remove my boots before pulling the covers over me and falling asleep. This place is so big! And open. I have not found all that many trees, save for a pine forest in the distance. It isn't long before I grow bored with just wandering around and begin to head for those trees. I hear a strange pounding and notice a building, like the rest in Imladris, but quite isolated. I see two buildings, actually, and smoke rising from the closer one. That building is also the source of the strange sound. I can not help it; I just have to go in and find out what is going on. There is a tall, silver haired Elf standing in front of a fire, and a hammer is in his hand. Oh, I know what this is. It must be a forge, though I have never actually been in one. I am tempted to go see what he is working on, but I do not want to interrupt him. Maybe if I just get a little closer and stay to the side... I edge closer and slide to his side a little, staying against the wall. He is too focused on his work to notice me, which is a relief. I am not ready to begin speaking to strangers. He is making a knife, very similar to the ones I have back with my stuff. As I am in Imladris, one of the safest places in Middle Earth, I feel no need to be carrying them here. I watch for hours and still he doesn't notice me. Finally, I can take the heat, smoke and my own hunger no longer and flee the room. I will come back tomorrow; that was really fascinating to watch. I return the next day, watching the beautiful silver fighting knife take shape under the silver-haired blacksmith's skilled hands. He finishes the gorgeous weapon and looks up, seeming surprised to see me standing here. Instinctively, I shrink away from his gaze as he watches me. He notices my reaction and smiles softly. "You must be that young elf mentioned in the letter. Can I help you?" I nod my head in response to his statement and, hoping to distract him from me, gesture at the cooling knife and say, "That is beautiful." I am surprised at the ease at which I say it. "Thank you; I made it for a friend. What is your name?" My hair falls in front of my left eye and I pull it back irritably, wishing I had braided my hair back as usual. It immediately falls back into my face and I sigh in surrender. I can see well enough, I suppose. "Aravilui. What's yours?" "Carmelor. How long have you been watching?" "Several hours yesterday and three today. I have never seen someone metalwork before," I tell him. For the first time, I feel at ease with a stranger. It is unusual, strange for me, but does not frighten me as it probably should. Unlike many in Eryn Lasgalen, I feel he does not judge me by my age. That may be in part because he does not know my age, but I know I still act young. "I find it quite fascinating." He smiled at me and puts a hand on my shoulder. "I thought so once as well. I am finished with my tasks for now. Would you perhaps like to walk under the trees with me?" I smile and nod. "I would, thank you. If you do not mind a young one such as myself." "Of course not. Would I have invited you if I had? Come," he says with a smile. It strikes me that there is great sorrow in that smile, a sorrow I have seen in the eyes of other Elves. What is this sadness? I go with him, tempted to ask him what has touched him so, but I hold my tongue. Here Imladris, perhaps that sorrow is the grief of losing many friends, mortal as well as Elven. I have never lost anyone I felt closely connected to. Patrol members yes, but I have never felt close to any of them. We walk quietly, until I begin to ask about what life is like in Imladris. He answers my questions patiently and I find more and more coming to my lips. Never have I spoken so much at a time to one person, not even my parents, but it is as if meeting Carmelor has opened the floodgates to all of my questions. He invites me to his home and we begin to tell each other tales of our lives, though he has many more to tell. The only reason we stop is I yawn widely in the middle of telling about the last spider hunt I was wounded in and what had happened. He smiles at me, "It is late Aravilui and we have spoken for many long hours. You should return to your rooms and rest." I sigh and nod agreement. As I leave, I pause at the door and look at him, asking one last question. "Are we friends?" It is a word I have never felt I could expect to apply with another before. "Yes, we are. Now, go to your rest. I will see you in the morning." I smile, the one I rarely use and have heard girls back home refer to as 'sweet' and nod. "I will be here." Feeling completely welcome, and for once pleased that I have come, I quickly go to my quarters and crawl into bed. My captain and King Thranduil were indeed wise to send me here. I thank Ilúvatar for the gift he gave me today, a friend, and fall asleep, looking forward to the next day and the rest of my stay here.