it a small plane, a jet? MURTAGH: It was a jet. It looked like a two-engine jet, maybe a 737. LIN: You are talking about a large passenger commercial jet. MURTAGH: A large passenger commercial jet. LIN: Where were you when you saw this? MURTAGH: I am on the 21st floor of 5 Penn Plaza. LIN: Did it appear that the plane was having any difficulty flying? MURTAGH: Yes, it did. It was teetering back and forth, wingtip to wingtip, and it looks like it crashed into, probably, 20 stories from the top of the World Trade Center, maybe the 80th to 85th floor. There is smoke billowing out of the World Trade Center. LIN: Sean, what happened next? Does it appear to you that the plane is still inside the World Trade Center? MURTAGH: From my angle - I am viewing south towards the Statue of Liberty and the World Trade Center. It looks like it has embedded in the building. I cannot see, from my vantage point whether it has come out the other side. CELLINI: Sean, what about on the ground or any debris that has hit down there? MURTAGH: My vantage point is too far from the World Trade Center to make any determination of that. LIN: Did you see any smoke, any flames coming out of engines of that plane? MURTAGH: No, I did not. The plane just was coming in low, and the wingtips tilted back and forth, and it flattened out. It looks like it hit at a slight angle into the World Trade Center. I can see flames coming out of the side of the building, and smoke continues to billow. CELLINI: Generally, is that a trafficked area in New York for aircraft? MURTAGH: It is not a normal flight pattern. I'm a frequent traveler between Atlanta and New York for business, and it is not a normal flight pattern to come directly over Manhattan. Usually, either they come up over the Hudson River, heading north, and pass alongside, beyond Manhattan, or if they are taking off from LaGuardia, they usually take off over Shea Stadium and gain altitude around the island of Manhattan. It is rare you have a jet crossing directly over the island of Manhattan. LIN: For our viewers who are just tuning in right now, you are looking at live picture of the World Trade Center tower, where, according to eyewitness Sean Murtagh - he is the vice president of finance and eyewitness to what he describes as a twin-engine plane - or possibly a 737 passenger jet - flying into the World Trade Center. It appears to be still embedded inside the building. Abhijit, Zara, Zane, Nandini, and Jaya were sitting down in the family room talking to Mohini while we watched the television. While we were put on hold, we called both of our bosses and told them that we could not come to work today because our son-in-law is working in the World Trade Center. After informing our bosses, we decided to call the rest of our kids and tell them that their sister wanted them to come home today. Our housekeeper Consuela had turned up the volume on the TV to find someone screaming on the live broadcast. "Holy shit! Did you see that? Another plane has just crashed into the South Tower! Oh my God!" Another voice screamed in the background, "This is terrorism! It has to be!" Images of a second plane hitting the South Tower appeared on the screen. Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey September 11th, 2001 The phones rang at the apartment where my sister and brother lived. It was our parents on one phone and me on the other. "Hello, mom and dad it's Arjun." My brother says to our parents. "Hello, Didi it's Vani." She says to me. "Hello kids, it's Mohini and Liam was in the World Trade Center at work but two airplanes just hit the buildings." My parents tell both of us. "Is he alive?" We ask. "She told us that she believes that he is dead." They say. "Goodbye, Didi. We both say. "Goodbye, mom and dad." We both say. The Law Firm of Baker & McKenzie, Chicago, Illinois September 11th, 2001 The phone rings in the law office of Ajay Lucian Shah. "Hello, Ajay speaking." My twin brother answers. "Hello, Ajay it's Mohini and Liam was in the Trade Towers. Two planes hit the buildings and there is a lot of damage." My twin sister tells me. "Jessica, after I get off the phone, I will tell my boss that because of a family emergency I have to go home." Lucian says. "Goodbye, my dearest." Mohini says. "Goodbye, my dearest." Ajay says back. By that afternoon, our whole neighborhood knew that my husband died in the attacks and so they all brought food over for my grieving family. By that night, my whole extended family and all our close friends were at the estate and they all grieved together. Three days later, the rescue workers at Ground Zero found my husband's body and we were notified. His co-worker and my friend Michelle gave the letters to my bereaved family. Two days later, we buried him in our Catholic cemetery, which was called St. Mary's Queen of Peace Cemetery. It was the cemetery where my mother's twin sister was buried. The memorial that my family chose for Liam was of the flowers that he would always buy for me red roses on a marble granite base. On the day of my husband's funeral, my gynecologist called me and told me that my test results had come in. I found out that day that I was three months pregnant. I was ecstatic that I had something left of my beloved but I was devastated that he had died without knowing what it was like to be a father. The sex scenes have been written some by me and some by a few of my friends!