small cottage on the very borders of the forest, appearing to be 'underneath the mountain' indeed, and relief overtook their hearts, as they quickened their steps for the last stretch. As they came near, a figure visible through one of the windows moved, and seconds later the door swung open, and the owner of the home gestured them inside quickly. The figure, slender, though well-bundled in a warm cloak, closed the door behind her guests before turning to face them. Bright, sharp hazel eyes took in their appearances closely, as the elf swept her shimmering dark brown hair behind her absently. "What on Arda did you think you were doing out in this weather?!" she finally demanded, when the intruders remained silent, simply looking at her curiously. Legolas straightened to his full height then, his eyes narrowing as he heard the tone which was a far cry from the abject respect he received from all his subjects save Tauriel. "I am Legolas Thranduilíon, Prince of the Greenwood, and of you, híril nín." Her eyes widened in shock at this, and she actually seemed rather flustered for a moment before recovering her poise swiftly. She bowed gracefully from the waist, in a sweeping movement that did not hide her lingering surprise. "Well then, erníl nín, híril nín, it is an honor to meet you both! However, prince or no, you still showed folly by venturing out in this weather. If you left the Elvenking's halls early evening, you should have known the storm was coming. Why would you do this?" she asked, respectfully, but not backing down. She would not be cowed; Prince or not, they could have come to harm in such a blizzard! Surprisingly, instead of showing anger at her forthrightness, the elven prince actually smiled, causing his brilliant blue eyes to glitter in amusement. The solemn captain could not keep her lips from turning up a bit as well. The honest bluntness was a welcome change to all the groveling and fawning of the courtiers as they lied through their teeth in the palace. The tall, fierce looking red haired elleth stepped forward then, addressing the slightly shorter female. "We did know of the coming storm, yet Prince Legolas insisted we continue on our course. We caught sight of you gathering stray sticks for firewood, and we felt that none should be alone and cold on the eve of Mettarë." As she spoke, she pulled her pack from her back, handing it to the surprised elf before her. "We come bearing lembas and wine, as well as some extra firewood for you." The prince and captain both smiled at the renewed surprise bordering on shock on their impromptu host's face at that. "H-Hír nin? Why would you do this? I am but a lowly elleth, hardly of any great import to you or your father." But the silver haired elf shook his head, his visage becoming suddenly stern. "None belonging to my kingdom is seen as lowly or of less worth than another. You are one of my people; do not believe yourself below any other elf dwelling in the Greenwood." Overwhelmed, the dark haired elf could only smile somewhat shakily and nod several times. Tauriel spoke again then, drawing her attention once more. "Forgive our rudeness, híril, for we have intruded into your home and still have yet to learn your name. I am Tauriel, Captain of the King's Guard, at your service." Their host's smile widened a bit at that, though she still seemed surprised at the crown prince and captain of the guard standing in her humble home, and she responded politely, "I am called Sawen, at your service." While the winds howled and the storm raged outside the sturdy walls, the three Eldar conversed quietly about many things in the warmth and shelter of Sawen's home. As the evening wore on, Tauriel grew quieter, and eventually withdrew from the prince and their host, a small smile playing about her lips as she observed their interactions. They had hit it off almost immediately, and the prince had taken to her in a way that the captain had not seen in all her years with him. Their soft voices became a lull in the background, and the captain turned her gaze out the small window, toward Erebor and her heart. *** 50 Years Later *** Once again, the same piercing blue eyes gazed into the dark of the forest of Mirkwood. Yet this time, the crown prince of the Greenwood did not stand alone. A shorter, slimmer elf stood in front of him, his arms wrapped gently around her as they looked into the stars together. This Mettarë, the weather was as calm as could be, and it was clear to the elves that there would be no storm this year. Sawen leaned back into the prince slightly, enjoying the warmth and physical contact. He rested his chin on her shoulder, murmuring softly, "Do you remember when first we met?" She turned in his arms to face him then, looking into his eyes with a soft humor glinting within hers. She had never found such joy as she did when she was with Legolas, and though it had taken many years for him to convince her to move to the Elvenking's halls, she had eventually acquiesced, if only to be able to spend more time with the one who was quickly changing from a friend to something much closer to her. "Of course. And, prince or no, you still showed great folly in venturing out in such a storm." That elicited a chuckle from the male elf, and he shook his head slightly before drawing her even closer into his embrace. He whispered softly to her, gazing into her shimmering eyes, "I have never been so wise, for through my actions that day, I met you." As Sawen leaned up and gently kissed her prince, the stars twinkled over the lovers on that cold winter's night.