He felt quite thankful it was not his sister about to shimmy with a man under a low set pole or he'd be the one reaching for his spear. The stile was set across the course, barely three feet above the turf. It was long and high enough for one man to sidle underneath but of course was not meant for two. Here was the hardest test. Faramir paused, brows furrowed and speaking quietly to Eowyn. Her hands gestured excitedly while his held her close. They seemed to be having quite the intense debate, although on what point none in the crowd could hear. Finally some agreement was settled on and the young Steward began to fold his long, thin legs. He sat carefully down upon the turf, his bride still held before him and her legs crossed behind his back. One by one, she lifted her legs around his waist to sit cross-legged in his lap. Then, in a move that surely was not rehearsed but looked altogether like a dance, Faramir clasped both Eowyn's hands in his and lay her back along his outstretched legs. She came to rest, her body athwart his hips, touching back to partly naked thighs and calves to naked chest. She was not on the ground, but most assuredly she was on him. Imrahil shook his head in admiration as Aragorn whistled low. "Ingenious. Just ingenious." Slowly and with great care Faramir shuffled his body under the hanging bar, moving smoothly so as not to dislodge his happy burden. When at last they were past and had only air above Eowyn raised her hands and was pulled back up, executing in the reverse the self-same move. Faramir stood up, Rohan's favourite daughter safe and sound within his arms. As the couple made their way toward the end, the crowd erupted, cheering and clapping wildly, pennants of both green and blue swirling in the bright sunshine. They had done it, completed the entire course and none could say there was any reason not to be satisfied with the match. At the finish line the bride was set gently on her feet. "You did it!" Eowyn, beside herself with glee, hugged her groom and planted a kiss upon his flushed and sweaty cheek. " We did it, my wild barbarian Shieldmaiden." Faramir corrected, grey eyes shining, proud and relieved by their achievement. "Now a lowly Captain of Gondor is acceptable for you to wed." Of their own accord fine long fingers drifted up to tuck a lock of spun-gold hair back into her bun. The two lovers stood, a world apart from the cheering throng, pressed cheek to cheek: two hearts thudding from exertion and something more. Then, for a second time but surely not the last, heedless of the audience, an elated Steward took the White Lady of Rohan in his arms, bent his raven head and kissed her passionately in front of all. "Eomer-King it is with great delight I pay you the maximum morning price." Elphir 's rang across the stands as he bowed and handed the small heavy enameled casket over to a still stunned King. Eomer frowned. He wanted to be annoyed. Outraged. Even a little bit offended at their flagrant disregard for the established rules. This was not how it was to be done: touching openly in public and conspiring to win the race. In these quickly changing times did not tradition and decorum matter? And yet, to look upon his sister's glowing, happy face made him remember a pinched and white fair brow upon a battlefield. Perhaps there was no great harm done. That these two, betrothed a bare two weeks after they had met, should happily buck tradition every chance they got was surely by now no great surprise. They were well matched and for that he would be truly thankful. Sighin, the young King smiled and took the cask. "And I delightedly accept." A cup of ale was pressed into his hands. He raised it, ready to make a toast. "My lord, will you take a cup?" asked Eowyn, proffering another full drinking horn to Faramir. He was trying without much success to stop the sopping wet Hammathen from clinging to his legs. Straightening up, still panting a little from his exertion, the groom smiled and let his fingers linger once more a shade too long upon his bride's. "With pleasure, my love. I am so thirsty I could even drink the ale we weighed you in this morn." Amidst a day filled with many entertaining and unexpected sights perhaps the most surprising was the one that occurred after the contest had been completed. The King of Rohan, in a gesture worthy of the name, raised his drinking horn and turned to toast his noble guests still sitting in the stands. He drank long and deep, drained the horn at once and then, without much ado, turned a startling and perfectly acceptable pirouette for a man so tall. Arwen, always the most perceptive in any crowd, noted the exact direction of his final bow and the sudden blush upon a fair young cheek. As the group rose to walk down the stands and join the celebrating on the field, The Queen of Gondor turned and spoke softly to her husband's vassal. "Imrahil, I am just curious. Does Dol Amroth do anything similar when a royal princess weds?" . A/N For those interested: A Hogshead calculated on the density of India Pale Ale, contains 271 pounds. A Kilderkin is 152 pounds, a Firkin 84 pounds, and a Pin…38 lbs. The Sindarin and Quenya words used here are made up from root words that suit for the Sindarin, whereas the Quenya is pure gibberish. My apologies. One day I will have time to learn. Thank you so very much to those who voted this to first place at Teitho. And thank you so much as always to the ladies of the Garden of Ithilien for critters and encouragement.