"Or a way that we must live can have benefits when we look beyond the difficulties." I fiddled now with a stalk of grass and ruminated on this awhile. I noticed the shadows around the dappled sunlight had grown longer still and worried for a moment that he was missing his ride with Father. He seemed untroubled by it and so I tried harder not to fret. He also picked up a ripened stalk and ran the smooth green stem between his thumb and finger. A mound of short green seeds were stripped and clustered tightly at the top. "Tree or bush?" I knew this game. "Tree!" I said and he dropped the stem. I was right. A long piece of green trailed below the seeds. I picked another blade and tried myself. Unthinkingly, I used my weaker hand, my thumb would not grip hard enough. When I pulled the whole stalk it slid right through. Furiously, I threw the blade away. My bloody stupid fingers! He was trying to help I knew and I appreciated it. But how could he or anyone truly understand? "You did not have a lifelong burden! Something that you were born with. From which you cannot escape." "Did I not?" Oh . I felt such an idiot. Of course he did. He was the King. "I daresay being King looks a bit of a lark now, but it was not always crowns and sceptres, silks and grand receiving halls." The ready smile I loved so much flashed briefly but just as quickly stilled. It felt as if the sun had gone behind a cloud. "When I was a young man and first learned of my birthright I was stunned. I had thought that I would become a healer, not the leader of many brave and hunted men, fighting every moment of the next seventy years to keep the people safe. For a while I struggled to accept it, to adapt. But I could no more escape it than you can your own illness." I hung my head but he quickly shook my shoulder, not prepared to let me mope. "Your situation, Theo, is in some ways is only a little different. You've arrived in Rivendell to stay when you thought you just were visiting and now you need to adapt. Find the unexpected, happy things in a situation you cannot change. Sometimes a burden can also be a gift." I blinked. What happy things could there truly be in a bloody painful, frustrating illness? "But I want to be normal!" Somehow with him I could admit it. I would never say it to my parents. It would hurt them so. "Oh, lad." he sighed. "I think you have been grown up for so long, sometimes we all forget you are still a boy. Yes, yes you do. But in this instance you need to find your own. " My own? Perhaps. Perhaps if I let myself just be, I could find it for myself. I needed to understand and so I took a chance, hoping the question was not entirely too presumptuous. "When did you realize your burden was a gift?" I asked. He busied himself a moment packing away his pouch and tamping out his pipe against a rock. At last the grey eyes became so very thoughtful. "Different times and different places. When I saw a well of courage in young hobbit's eyes. When I first heard your father's voice, weak from days of scorching fever. When I saw my Undomiel walk up the white stone steps into the Citadel" He saw the confusion in my eyes and tried again. "When I knew that the rewards would be lasting ones. Beyond price. Worth every moment of toil and pain." What could I say? I had just begun to understand, to see a very little and he had the wisdom of many, many decades. Forged, I now realized, through an effort and sacrifice that started long before the great battles I knew by heart. For the first time that fine but fractious day, I felt grateful for my world. "Come, young man. You must seek to find your gift." He stood, brushed the grass seed off his breeches and held out a hand to help me up. "But first you have an apology to make." I groaned. I had quite forgotten that. How could I face my father? The King grinned before laying a comforting arm across my shoulders. We walked quite slowly back. My legs were a little tired and jelly-like and I was determined not to fall. . . The sun was westering fast as we mounted the north porch steps. Just when I reached the topmost step the King paused and spoke again. "Tomorrow Theo you need to show me that you can saddle your own horse." "Really!?" A hopeful smile lit up my face. Did he mean it? Did it mean what I truly hoped? Already my whirling mind formed a strategy. Buckling at each notch in turn so I did not have to pull so hard at once. Maybe El or someone else could tighten the final few? "If you can find a way to make that work I will see what I can do to convince your father. But," he raised his hand, "only for a year, and only so long as you do not suffer any ill effects." The grey eyes were very serious. I understood that I would be watched. We stepped onto the porch. I squared my shoulders. The hardest job would be the first. I went to find my father. . - A/N: Theo's condition is modeled after Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, a hereditary motor-sensory neuropathy. In the past it was often mistaken for post-polio syndrome in children or multiple sclerosis in older adults. Its estimated occurrence is 1:1800 people and has even been seen in the great apes. Thank you so much to Lia, Adaneth, Annafan, Wheelrider and Gwynnyd for their comments and encouragement.