named out of nostalgia, in spite of the fact that Legolas' mother had died long before the elves had been forced to move to the North, and had never seen nor set foot in the second garden named after her. For the king and the prince, the Queen's Garden had become just as much a living memorial for Tawariël as a retreat and a place to rest or be alone for a while. Aragorn had always suspected that the present "garden" looked very different from its namesake in the Valley of the Deep Roots, though some of the favourite flowers of the queen had somehow been persuaded to grow in the perpetual twilight under the towering trees. There was something wild and untamed about the place that did not really fit in with the word "garden". It was something Aragorn had always liked and found intriguing about it, though he was quite aware that not many humans would have been able to appreciate that kind of beauty. There were many paths leading through the garden, but Aragorn did not have to waste any time on wondering which of them he should take. He knew all of Legolas' favourite places and he had a very good idea where the elf might be. The ranger could not help feeling a hint of relief when the path finally led away from the thornbushes and the slightly eerie trees, which surrounded the garden and separated it from the forest outside. Though there was not really anything malicious about the strange-looking trees, they seemed to be more alive and alert than he was comfortable with. He could have sworn that some of them had changed their position since the last time he had been here, but tried hard not to think about it. The trees always tended to remind him uncomfortably of the Old Forest. The ranger knew that the trees were guardians just as much as the elves who were positioned around the King's House. For his part, he could only hope they would never find any reason to consider him as an intruder. The path Aragorn was following wound its way through the trees right to the centre of the garden. The ranger could feel the ground under his feet ascend in a gentle slope and knew that he was getting close to his destination. Soon he caught the first glimpse of the tall oak trees standing in a circle on a low hill in the middle of the garden. Queen Tawariël had had a special liking for oak trees, and those specific trees were said to be descendants of the oak trees she had planted a long time ago in her garden in Imrath-e-Thynd-Nuir. It was one of Aragorn's most treasured childhood memories that Legolas had once sent him an acorn and a leaf of one of those oaks as a birthday present, long before he had ever had a chance to lay eyes on this place. The acorn had been planted in the gardens of Imladris and had grown into a strong tree, which would hopefully become just as tall and impressive as the one from which it had been taken. To the ranger, the oak trees in the Queen's Garden had always seemed to be ancient. Their sight never failed to impress him. In spite of their magnitude, there seemed to be something benevolent and comforting about them, as if Tawariël's deep love for her people and her family had somehow found a way to live on in the trees that had been so close to her heart. It was no wonder that this was the place Legolas went to most often when he was troubled. Stepping into the circle of the majestic trees, Aragorn quickly discovered it was no different today. He immediately spotted a very familiar, golden-haired figure sitting on a bench close to one of the trees, his gaze fixed on the small glade between the oak trees. The ranger stopped, taking in the sight of his friend. There was something unusual about finding the elf sitting on a bench instead of somewhere high up in the branches of one of the trees, or at least reclining against one of the broad trunks or the mighty, winding roots. Aragorn was quite sure it would be very difficult for Legolas to try to climb any tree right now, even if he had wanted to do so, but finding him like that still felt wrong somehow. The ranger just stood there for a while, watching his friend silently. Legolas' right arm rested loosely in his lap, but the left arm was in a sling, which was carefully fastened to his body so that the arm was completely immobilized. The elf did not move at all while Aragorn was watching, and there was a distant look in his eyes that told the ranger he was likely not really seeing anything around him, but was lost in his own thoughts. Aragorn did not get the impression that his friend's thoughts were of a pleasant nature. Legolas' face was pale and drawn and, to Aragorn, it was obvious that he was still weakened and would have some way to go before he was fully recovered. Though his own observations only confirmed that Nestadren's worry was justified, the ranger felt something deep inside of him calm and relax now that he was finally near his friend. As deceptive as it had often proven to be, he still could not help feeling that, as long as the two of them were together, things would somehow turn out to be alright in the end. To be continued… Author's Notes: I think that's a very nice place to leave you for now – no cliffie, and some hopeful thoughts. ;-) The next chapter should be up in a week, or perhaps a bit later or earlier, depending on how cooperative or uncooperative Real Life proves to be. Feedback is, as always, appreciated and very welcome. :)