against her breast and as she dozed she felt it, tightening her grasp as though she feared death would take it from her hands. Her teeth chattered as he sank into the chair beside her bed, draping his fur cloak over her prone form. He slipped his hand beneath the blankets' edge and found her hand. It was ice. He lifted it, holding it to his lips and exhaled slowly, rubbing it between his leathered palms. "Lia." Her eyes flitted fitfully beneath violet lids. He swallowed and spoke softly in Sindarin. "Lillianeth, can you hear me?" Slowly her eyes stilled and the soft lashes parted, as if the motion pained her. Her azure eyes struggled to focus. Aragorn pressed her hand and she turned her head, smiling when she saw him. No one had a more beautiful smile than she. "Hello." Aragorn returned her smile reflexively and pressed her fingers to his lips. "Good morning." She laughed weakly. "It can't be morning already." "In two more hours the moon will set. That qualifies as morning." She sighed, wheezing, but kept her smile. "Perhaps to you. Most civilized people prefer to see the sun before they declare it morning." "I'm not most people and I've rarely been accused of being civilized." "True on both counts," she conceded. "I must, must be de-delirious." She gently withdrew her hand, clumsily fingering the soiled rags that reeked of soured blood and sweat, frowning when she could not part them. He reached past her, tugging at a loose edge with one finger. His heart shot into his throat and the air rushed from his chest as he beheld the red and wrinkled face of his child. Speech, had it been under his command, would have been useless. There were no words to express the deepness of his affection, his excitement, or his wonder as he gently touched his child's cheek with the tip of his finger. His wife laughed feebly. "You won't break her, I promise." "Her?" Lillianeth nodded and laid her finger against their daughter's palm, her wan smile widening when five tiny fingers wiggled reflexively and held tight. "Take her." Aragorn's silver eyes met his wife's blue ones, certain she could see his terror. "She will be yours to care for, Aragorn. I'm," she paused. "I'm not going to be there." His vision blurred but he nodded as Lillianeth guided his hands, one under the child's neck, and the other at the small of her back. His hands shook and he prayed he wouldn't drop her as he gingerly lifted his daughter from his wife's arms. Tiny was the only word that came to his mind. Her nose, her eyes, her mouth, her ears, everything about her was small. She nearly fit in his two open palms. He touched the tip of her nose, smiling at her dark hair sticking up against the blankets' edge. "She's beautiful." "She is the best of us." Lillianeth stretched out an unsteady hand, smoothing their daughter's dark hair with her fingertips and then shifted, tremulously propping herself up against the emaciated pillows. Aragorn carefully slid his daughter into the crook of his right arm and leaned forward, pulling the covers up around his wife's chest. Mindful of the child in his arm, he stood and stretched out beside his wife, ignoring the smell and stains of her labour bed as he laid the child between them. Lillianeth smiled, her head tipping slowly toward her chest, eyes fixed on their child. Aragorn turned his head, his lips grazing her temple. "What will we call her?" "I leave that to you." He frowned. "Lillianeth I— "I'm too tired to argue, Aragorn. Please, let's not waste what time I have left." Aragorn tried mightily to swallow the knot in his throat so he could speak, but failed. He nodded instead. Lillianeth kissed his chin and looked down at the child asleep in his arms. "I wish I could live, just long enough for you to remember me saying that I love you." Resting her cheek on his shoulder, Lillianeth leaned forward and kissed their daughter's head. Tears wet the child's hair as her mother struggled to find the breath to speak. "I-I lo-love you, little one." Lillianeth laid back, lips still touching her daughter's downy head, an expression of utter peace making her gracious features childlike. Aragorn's heart tightened. "Lia, no, please. Not yet." "To all things there is an end, Aragorn," she murmured, her voice barely audible. Aragorn laid his cheek against her hair and breathed deep. "I have lived a good life. Eru blessed me with more than four thousand years. I have played, laughed, fought, wept and been loved by two of the greatest men I have ever known. Now I am a mother. How many have been so blessed?" She smiled. "I am content." "Please, Lia, don't leave me." She reached over his arm, her fingertips brushing their daughter's cheek. "Do you remember what you said, when you were trying to convince me that we should have a child?" Aragorn sniffed loudly and closed his eyes, nodding. "You said our child will be born of our hope for this world, hope that the darkness will one day end, hope that Sauron will one day fall, hope that one day our peoples will be free." "I remember," he whispered, pressing his lips to her temple and blinking quickly in an effort to stem his tears. "I remember." "Do not forget it now." Her violet lids slid slowly closed and he gathered her in his arms, his body framing her slender form, the child nestled between them. His lips brushed her ear as he spoke, his voice low. "I love you, Lillianeth." She smiled faintly, squeezing his hand as she snuggled closer to him. "I love you…Aragorn." With his name her voice faded forever, her last breath freed from her breast as a single tear skimmed across her cool cheek and loss bled through him. To be continued…