"But he also got Arwen, so he must be happy?" "He is happy, he truly is. But he misses many things. Hadn´t it been for Arwen, he would not have been very happy at all." "Thank you, Gandalf." "You´re welcome." "I think we´re starting to run out of things to say." "Come on, there must be much more! You´re his best friend, you must know a thousand of things!" "Of course I do – details. Like that he prefers cold baths to hot, can sing in his sleep, snores when he´s got a cold, can´t dance and is a terrible loser... of course, you have missed how physical he is." "Physical?" "Yeah, physical. It must have something to do with his being alone too much. I mean, look at me and Gimli – we´re mostly speaking with each other. Or friendship is, like, verbal. But Aragorn is more like a hugging and wrestling type. Not in a restless way – he´s a hunter, he can be still at least as long as a noldo, though not as long as a wood-elf. If think he just likes to... touch." "Not in a perverted way, I hope." "No, no, not at all. And it isn´t just about touching, he´s moving a lot over all. He doesn´t use a lot of gestures when he speaks, but you can see what he feels by the way he stands or sits or moves. In that way he´s not very noldo. And he is like... if he is about to do something – whatever – he doesn´t always say he´s gonna do it. He just does. You didn´t know that, did you?" "No, that was a new one. Thanks, Legolas." "One thing more – the smell. You have heard about the smell, haven´t you?" "I have." "Good. Otherwise I´d have to describe it to you, and Valar – it´s not a pretty story. What about apples?" "Apples?" "He likes apples. And horses? He´s good with horses, as good as any elf. He understands them. Oh, and – he isn´t like me and the twins, but he does like pranks. Though he´s a bit too kind." "Kind! I´ve forgotten to ask about kind!" "Kind?" "But I´ll ask someone else about that; you´ve been talking for almost half an A4. Thanks again!" "What´s an A4?" A smile. "Kind, yes. Above all things, Estel is kind." "It´s not always obvious." "No, it´s not. He can be grim, and stern. He can do things than seem cruel because he knows – or believes – it will be good in the end. But it always hurts him terribly." "Maybe he´s not so good at showing it?" "Maybe he doesn´t bother to try." "You know him best." "And maybe Barliman was right, and my Estel is actually shy. Not shy as it not daring to talk or being afraid of people, but shy as in not wanting to open himself to strangers. As a Ranger you are mistrusted wherever you go; so much easier then to pretend you don´t care. But he did. He does." "Yes." "Also, Aragorn is not naïve. He is almost afraid of being naïve. In that way he´s a bit like Gimli, though Gimli is quicker to judge; they both tease Legolas for being childish because Legolas forgives so easily. But they mean well, all of them." "Shy and kind – that doesn´t sound like Aragorn at all." "Those are sides that doesn´t show. Those were the sides I fell in love with, but he didn´t admit them to exist until we were married." "Thank you, my Queen." "Call me Arwen." "I thought that since you were a Ring-bearer, you might understand the burden that he has been carrying. It must have been hard for it, mustn´t it?" "Very hard. He didn´t carry the Ring, but the fate of Middle-Earth was on his shoulders, as on mine. And that is a heavy burden. But none of us speak of that." "You pretend it is nothing?" "As long as possible." "There was one thing more, Frodo." "Yes?" "I asked Sam the same thing – is there anything you didn´t mention about Aragorn in the book that is worth mentioning?" "Well – I don´t know if this is worth mentioning, but he really likes pancakes. I mean really likes." "Why are you asking me?" "Oh, I don´t know – but I intended to have you in the story from the beginning. I like you. As a character, I mean." "You flatter me." "I mean it, Théoden. Can you say anything no one has said before?" "Has anyone mentioned that he can watch the stars for hours?" "He was my rival." "Yes." "But in the end, a noble man. Brave. A wiser man than me." "Yes." "And a great commander." "Thank you, Denethor." "Ladies last, is it?" "I´m sorry, Galadriel." (That scary I-know-everything-about-you-smile). "I don´t think you will ever find all the pieces of the puzzle this way. Why don´t you ask him ?" "Me? What do you want to know about me?" "Everything! I want to know you; your personality, your feelings..." "What if I don´t want to tell you?" "Oh, come on! I already know a lot about you but I want to know the rest – I want to, sort of, put all the pieces together. You´ve got so many sides! Can´t you tell me, in your own words?" "Nope." "Why not?" A smile, a ring of smoke. "Because I enjoy being mysterious." More A/N: In case you haven´t seen it, or didn´t recognize it, that knife-thing with Saruman comes from Annoying Orange at youtube. Silly and very unnecessary, yes. But great fun. I wrote this for myself and for fun. I´m always happy for reviews, but the story is not to be taken very seriously - so please don´t :) There is, of course, a lot more about Aragorn than I wrote in this story, but it made me start thinking. I might make more of these.