happy to think any of us would survive the hellstorm that was certain to rain down, who was I to disagree? "I promise.." "You'll tell Lindel? " "Oh course.." "That I love her and the lads?" "Yes." His sister and her little boys were his everything. Next to us of course. Being a Ranger of Ithilien was the proudest thing that Malec had ever done. A trembling, too cool hand squeezed a little harder… "Tor…" I drew in a ragged breath. Nienna I knew what he was going to say but I could not do it. Could not sit there and hear him pour out his heart. Call me brother and truest friend, partner and the one who had his back. That he loved me too…. My heart was already breaking, jagged splinters were carving off with every word; anguish pouring out over the red-stained stones like the inexorable trickle of his blood. All at once I could not stand it anymore. Somehow it had to stop. "You're not going to die Mal." "I'm not?" "A wizard will appear to help me dig you out." "Tor?" A faint strengthening came to his thread thin voice- a little hopefulness. Oh, but I loved him. Blessed man he was going to play along. Help me when I could not help him. I settled down more comfortably down upon the rock, held his hand as tightly as I dared. The stars shone down in mute but flickering sympathy. Whoever said they disdained the Edain's plight did not know the beauty of their blanket on a chilling, frightened night. "Yes… Mithrandir will come. From whatever blessed tower is his home and the rocks will simply disappear." I had no idea. This was utter rot. He had not been seen in months. For all I knew he was locked up in Barad-dur but the Grey Onewas most powerful being I knew. Next to the horror that lived up the up road. "He'll wave his staff and fly us back to the City." "On an Eagle?" "Yes and we'll give our report straight to the Steward himself and the Captain and Captain-General when he returns. They'll be a party in our honour …" His dull eyes lit up at that. "Like the '18?" "Of course." The '18 was the byword among the company for a feast. After the great victory in west Osgiliath the Captain General had arranged for a now legendary party in the streets. The best food from the Citadel, wines from Dol Amroth and Gelin both. It was what we dreamed of when we munched hard tack in the sleet and rain. "What'll you have first? The roast boar or the pheasant." "The boar," he replied in a now slightly breathless voice. "And queen of puddings and honeyed figs and little treacle tarts." I tried to smile. He had a sweet tooth my partner did where I'd always preferred the tart. "It'll be in your honour, Mal, so this time don't be too shy for the dancing." That brought a sudden coughing fit. I cradled his head in my hand and raised him up, hoping it might help him breathe. He sputtered for a moment but weakly waved the flask away, eyes shining at the challenge. He had always been the first up when the tunes began; as graceful there as he was slipping past hapless Orc patrols. I, on the other hand, was hopeless. And a fabled wallflower too boot. He smiled. "As long you don't step on my toes." Oh gods, I laughed so hard it hurt. He was remembering our one and only dance. I was a giant un-coordinated lout and he was smooth as silk. Wolf whistles had followed us round Osgiliath's broad square that heady night as he had tried to teach me a step a two. It took one of our more un-official hand signals to shut the cat-calling up. I hadn't cared. Laughing, drunk on survival and wine that had flowed like a river down the streets, my best friend's green eyes twinkling above a jagged cut, it had been the happiest night in my memory. I squeezed the trembling hand a little tighter and was blessed with the faintest quirk of his sunny grin. "You'll have to dress smarter this time." Our Lord Steward had come to celebrate his "eldest's great and glorious victory" and had frowned in passing at the open rents on Mal's uniform. Kind of hard to look pulled together when hours before one has been plunged into a stone- and arrow-choked, freezing river. "All I gotta do is look better than you… " "That's not too hard." Self-deprecation was my forte. It always made him smile and I leaned in close, brushed his brow with a gentle kiss, and strained to catch the now breathy whisper of his words. "Naw.. you're prettier than….." Than what? The thought dangled in the darkened air. "Mal?" Surely he'd paused for breath. I listened carefully. "Mal?" "Mal?" Above there was only the rustle of the leaves and ominous creaking of shifting rock. Into that ringing fractured silence my own hoarse rasp sounded sharp as shattered rock. There was no answer. Just the quiet moan of the dusty wind and the quiet breaking of my heart. An unsteady fingertip found no flutter at his throat. The emerald eyes were closed. The face I knew better than my own was set softly in repose. I bowed my head, and offered up a silent prayer. Namo, I pray thee, guide him to his rest. His pain had gone. And mine had just begun. . The title is from Wilfred Owen's elegy to brotherhood in arms. "Greater love" "Red lips are not so red/ as the stained stones kissed by the ( ) dead." . Toren is Sindarin for brother. It is my headcanon that the Dunedain of Gondor use it too. Grateful thanks to Annafan, Artura and Haarajot of the Garden of Ithilien for their encouragement and critters.