with malice. I was stricken. But the memory of the Balrog paled as a darker shadow stirred. I drew in an unsteady breath. I am no man! But still, the cruel hatred of the witch-king and his master buffeted me. No longer were they a mere story. No more could I avoid the fear of Men. "Peace," the Wizard said, laying a wrinkled hand on my trembling one. "Do not be dismayed by what is not yours to carry. Not all fears must be weathered by the gentlest of hearts." "By that logic," I started, but the peril I had seen in his future cast my humor aside. "I think the greatest fear will indeed be carried by the gentlest heart one day, and that heart will not be mine. My time has passed, Mithrandir. It is no secret that I am dying." "No," he said, "you are fading. Your heart is not here. You will follow it soon to a land more beautiful than this world has ever been." The birds outside my window sang sad songs of the horror that was to come. My sons were to face it, and Boromir—so like my husband but with ten years of my influence—Boromir would not return. And since he'd taken it into his head that the only girls worth talking to wielded a sword as well as I, he would never marry. Farewell , the birds sang. May your passing be swift and merciful. May your cares fade in the morning light. May your flame lift to the skies before the shadows fall. "They sing for you," observed Gandalf. He did not speak over their cries again, and I lay on my deathbed and wondered at the soft speech that accompanied their trills. If only the birds had spoken to me before! Perhaps their friendship would have cured me of my despair after our daughter's departure. In the days that were to follow, I discovered that the birds flitted through emotions with maddening speed. The songbirds of my garden talked of little save the shadow in the east. Perhaps other animals did not fear it, but it was good that I had not understood the birds before. "I have come for council," Gandalf said at length. "And a friend of yours bids you the hope that Gondor lacks in these dark days." Dear Aragorn. "He is kind. Tell me what you seek, Mithrandir, for my strength fades." "What is it that you see?" I glanced at the wise old eyes and flinched away, coughing helplessly into my hand. But how could I not? Who could tell why I, who had long searched for happiness and now had spent it on my family, was here? "Do not ask Denethor for aid, for I fear he will delve where eyes should not see and find despair. The great lands of Men will tremble, and the holdings of the Elves will fear. But in you, Gandalf." I coughed again, beset by the evil that clung to his demise. "You will meet a black doom and be cast aside. Yours is a terrible light. But bound as you are, long have you walked this earth." I could not say more. I could not bear it. The path and lifetimes of the Wizards filled me with grief. "I do not envy a long life," I breathed. The burdened Wizard shook his head. "Fear not. Happiness is granted in measure. Our tasks are different, but yours was not so short as you might imagine it. I thank you, Great Lady." "Farewell, Mithrandir. I wish you happiness." Forever , the birds sang as he smiled gently at me and took his leave. Doom and workings of vengeance. Cold the shadow that conquers all. The light of Gandalf was gone, and I found that none now remained. The brilliance of my life had never been mine to keep. Ónen i-Estel Edain, ú-chebin estel anim. "She was a lady of great beauty and gentle heart, but before twelve years had passed she died. Denethor loved her, in his fashion, more dearly than any other, unless it were the elder of the sons that she bore him. But it seemed to men that she withered in the guarded city, as a flower of the seaward vales set upon a barren rock. The shadow in the east filled her with horror, and she turned her eyes ever south to the sea that she missed." — The Return of the King, Appendix A . ~Phew, was this made of effort. Concepts, wrangling, drafts, combing through it with the helpful beta (and wonderful author) Wynni . At the end of writing this, I think this story would have worked well as a 100% canon fic. Plus, it's somewhat tempting to make an AU where Finduilas does run off and fulfill her traveling dreams. But that's never happening. Eugh, posting this is a load off my shoulders. Hope you had fun! Please leave a comment. This ended up a pretty meaningful story, and its original purpose was to make people think. What would you have done? Do you think we can choose to be happy? Do you agree that there are choices we must make that we will not always like? So much in the world is about sacrifice, and giving away part of oneself for the good of others. It's a wholesome thought to dwell on. And in this story, it wasn't just pointless sacrifice. Tolkien's world is governed by a higher being, and the Finduilas of this story obeyed him. I think her life accomplished the purpose she was offered. Leave a thought if you wish, but think ! (You didn't like this? Good. Writecha own.) Imrahil is a sweetie. Look up the Gift of Men and the Music of the Ainur! Okay, I'm done now. Thanks for your time! I write to give others something to enjoy, so I hope you did. I know I put enough work into it! (: