sitting position she silently, demurely, observed the man who now sat opposite to her, fidgeting with what looked like a stone and long hunting knife, getting a fire started. She took a deeper breath and he expectantly looked at her. It was apparent that the woman was gathering resolve. Most of the captives tried to run, beg, or even offer themselves in exchange of their freedom, but that she would like to indulge in a conversation wasn't exactly a common practice - it irked him even before she opened that mouth of hers. "Excuse me." and he bristled even more on hearing that voice, calm, collected, with that foreign accent prominent in her every word. "Could you possibly tell me where we are?" He didn't bother to answer, it was beyond him why she asked about their whereabouts. She should beg, cry, sob and plead, and not engage in conversation. "Could you tell me where we are?" His shoulders squared. He wasn't sure what drove this woman to push him, but any other would have known when to shut up. "It would be very helpful if you would answer to me. This one-sided conversation is tiring." Maybe she should have seen it as a warning, but instead it made her bolder, more reckless. She didn't know what possessed her to rattle like this. It was audacious, definitely so, but she was unable to stop herself. Maybe it was from the fear of him or from the elation of finally resting, she couldn't tell, but she was seriously pushing her luck and she liked it. "Could you cut the rope?" she blurted out. A stupid question yes but her wrists hurt. He nearly choked. Was this woman mad? It really caught him off guard. "Do you really think I will do it?" She considered it for a while. "No." the disappointment in her voice mingled with the evening air. But it didn't discourage her – much. She got him talking. "Who are you? Where are we going and what do you plan with me?" she talked hastily. "My family is not involved in politics or with any celebrity. You wouldn't gain any publicity from kidnapping me. Really it would be better to...", she stopped. The realization hit her like a lightning. They were in the middle of the nowhere. If he wanted publicity, he would arrange it otherwise, not dragging her the whole day without food through the plains of... where? "I can pay you. How much do you want?" She wheezed. No way in hell will this happen to her - abducted by a greasy haired weirdo. The scoundrel passed over her with his cold gaze. She was getting more and more irritating. He was considering the best way to silence her, but when she stopped talking and her eyes nearly bulged out of her head, she looked so frightened he had to laugh. He laughed even harder as she asked the stupid question about price. She would never as much money or goods as the Corsairs could provide for her. He abruptly stopped laughing and his dark piercing eyes looked at her. "Now shut up." "But tell me the price." she didn't want to give up. "I said SHUT UP." "I can pay. We can..." She at last resolved to beg, her doe like eyes frantically scanning his face, searching for a sign of kindness. Suddenly she lay on her back with the man atop her, his dagger against her pale throat. He deliberately pressed it into her, nicking her skin. Red blood coated the blade; the steel, now ruddy, gleamed in the setting sun. It excited him even more when the woman beneath him started to struggle. Her pupils dilated, bound hands trying to press against his chest. She was gasping for breath, his weight preventing her from inhaling properly. "Now hear me carefully," he leaned closer; his breath searing against her face. Goosebumps immediately rose on her exposed neck. It made him smile. "You will behave and speak only when asked. Do you understand?" She managed only to nod. "You will obey my every order! When I say run, you will run; when I say shut up, you WILL shut up!" his words were punctuated by his squeezing hand on her throat. Her throat felt already bruised. "And when you don't..." a pungent silence interrupted only by her frantic attempts to draw breath "there are many ways to force you to cooperate. Have I made myself clear?" With her lids now tightly shut against tears that leaked from the corners of her eyes she nodded once again. "GOOD!" He released her from his grip. It was almost like an afterthought when his hand flew and backhanded her for good measure. He smirked. This would teach her some compliance – in the long run, she would benefit from this trait. That is, if she was quick to learn. - V - "... move." She moaned. After all that was he going to force her to walk again? Wasn't all his show of superior force and strength enough of reminder of who was in charge? Would he drag her through the plains in the middle of the night to prove his point? Someone collided with her, swearing. That captured her attention. That and the fact she felt warm as in hot day in a city. Her eyes flew open. The main street at summer noon was buzzing with life. She stood with her back to the entrance of the hiring agency profoundly confused. A man with piercing eyes and a scowl on his face, obviously in a foul mood was standing face to face with her barking on her something about being irritatingly bothersome as she wasn't paying attention where she was standing and what she was doing. She had to look confused as he bristled even more and stormed away angrily. Alice Hare watched him go, then bend to collect her scattered CVs. Her gaze still somewhat glassy.