take the form of any desire for the company of his fellow dwarves. Except, of course, for one. "A thousand," Gimli said. "That's a great many dead goblins, even considering how many months it's been! And one more gift to follow, the last note said." Wiri smiled in the moonlight and went on pruning the young holly in silence. He was glad, at least, to see the older dwarf showing some animation the last few weeks. A dwarf can live without respect of his fellows, but it makes him a surly dwarf indeed. Now Gimli had found that one other, at least, had not forgotten the part of his life which he most loved to remember. "He'll have to do something pretty impressive, to do better than a thousand goblin skulls," Gimli said cheerily, checking the underside of a pointed leaf. "What a misfortune there are no dragons left!" "Misfortune indeed, Lord Gimli," Wiri said, inwardly sighing in relief. He had trouble enough as it was. For how was he to find a troll in less than a fortnight? Wiri knew there were a few cave trolls left in Moria, for he had cut across their sign more than once in his never-ending slaughter of the goblins. But he had never encountered one face to face. Such as remained had grown sly and secretive, confused by the voices of dwarves and hating the light they brought with them. Desperately he followed trail after trail, only to come up short. The trolls of the Chasm were well-versed in all its passages in ways that Wiri had not, in all his wanderings, yet managed to equal. And it may be that they sensed the dwarf who hunted them was not one lightly to be trifled with, and for this reason kept away. Finally, when the fortnight was all but exhausted, Wiri found what he sought. The cavern was deep and the way was dark and long, but the spiral windings of the passageway made a natural trumpet for any sound coming up from below. So it was that the sounds of great slaughter were heard from above, and many dwarves rushed fearlessly into the deep with their axes and torches. When at last they came upon the place, the fight was over. Their torches caught oily gleams from the black blood flung high upon the walls, and those less strong of stomach quailed at the smell. For there they found a troll cut through the belly, its black innards spilled across the stone floor. Its head lay apart from the body, its last snarl frozen on its face. Some yards away, thrown by the troll in its last struggle, they found Wiri son of Shorin. As he sat up, hearing their voices, blood ran from his nose and his lips. Those watching saw the white bone show through where the troll's club had struck his leg, and marveled that even now he clung to his axe. "Save the head," Wiri said. And those were the last words he spoke for a very long time. "Ah, there we are," Wiri heard someone say. A moment later he forced his eyes open. He lay in the dim light of the rough infirmary next to the Twentieth Hall. In a chair beside his cot sat Gimli son of Glóin, with his hood shadowing his face. "How's it feel, my lad?" the infirmarer said. He was a tall dwarf, and very stout. "Well," Wiri said, though his head hurt a little and his leg hurt much. "Ha! You've no cause for false bravery here, my lad, not after what you did getting here to start with. Here, have a drink of water." The infirmarer held out a cup, but Gimli took it out of his hand and gave Wiri a drink. When Wiri looked up again, the infirmarer had bustled off. "How long have I been here, Lord Gimli?" Wiri said, for the other dwarf's silence began to trouble him. "A day and a night," Gimli said. "You bled inside for a little while. The troll's club hit you more than once, Wiri." "I remember," Wiri said. Nor shall I ever forget it. Nor that he just called me by name. "It was a mad thing to do," Gimli said, without anger. "Perhaps, Milord," Wiri said. "Even dwarves do mad things, from time to time." "As mad as leaving a thousand goblin skulls outside someone's door?" Wiri was silent for a moment. "Even as mad as that. Though I fear the troll's skull will be late." "'One who knows his love of beauty, but is no maker of beautiful things.' I should have known then," Gimli said. "You were the only one who took an interest in the holly trees, or stopped to look in the Mirrormere when we went to the burn pile. Why did you do it, Wiri son of Shorin?" Wiri laughed softly. "Some of our people sire children and some bear them, and both are called dwarves, " he said. "Were we to speak in the parlance of Men instead, I could tell you that Shorin had no sons." Gimli pushed back his hood, and Wiri smiled behind her beard at the consternation in his face. "You yourself once challenged a Man of the Rohirrim to a duel for saying one was more beautiful than the Lady of the Galadrim," Wiri said. "I knew there was no hope you would consider another. But even dwarves do mad things – for love." "Aye," Gimli said slowly, and reached out and took Wiri's bruised hand. "That we do." Epilogue: From the History of Khazad-Dûm by Shalen Son of Valen So Gimli son of Glóin was consoled for all his hurts, and lived to see many fine sons grow up in the city of Khazad-Dûm. And, though he never put away the golden hairs of Galadriel, neither did he stray from the side of Wiri Shorinsdottir all the days of his long life. THE END