to his room that he and his late wife had shared; he had hidden the last gifts they wished to give them, though her death gave everyone quite a shock. Seeing what his sons had created in the snow had changed things, and he remembered that he and her had hidden gifts under their bed. Soon the Steward was ready and started to create some decorations, and then he left the room, heading outside. He walked toward the White Tree, and started to decorate it with colors that would shine from the snow that covered its branches. Boromir found his brother in the bathroom, crying his eyes out. "Faramir," Boromir had called, and noted how at first his brother flinched at the voice, he then added, "It is only me, little brother." Faramir turned around and saw his brother with worried eyes staring at him. Boromir saw the red-rimmed eyes of his brother as tears continued to fall from the hazel orbs; he walked toward his brother, to comfort him. He wished to soothe him, and give his brother a shoulder to cry on. He spoke, "He only wished to hug you little brother, nothing more, though if he would do nothing else, you know that I will always be at your side." "I… know… but…" Faramir said, as he raised his head from his brother, and stared blankly into space. "I know, the memory of what he had done was lingering in your mind and you believed that he wanted to hurt you once more." Boromir spoke aloud of what he believed his brother felt. Faramir nodded, saying no more. "Since we are both in the bathroom, and we are soaked to the bones, I suggest that we could use the warm water, and play with the bubbles in the tub, as I do not wish you to be sick, little brother." Boromir suggested with a grin on his face, as he stared at his brother, hoping to see some change in his sad eyes. Boromir received only a nodded from him though, but said nothing that could bring more hurt to his brother, wanting it to come freely than been forced. Then when they finished showering and dried themselves, they walked to their room, and collected some dry clothes, and Boromir helped to dress his brother, not wishing him to get cold. He then noticed his brother walked toward the window, staring with surprise on his face. "What are you so amazed of, little brother?" Boromir asked as he drew abreast of his brother and watched as well as their father continued to decorate the yard and the White Tree, which was not the same white was before, but decked with varying colors. "I believe, little brother that the Yule has brought some miracles to our life." Boromir said with a smile, but not seeing one from his brother worried him some. "I will believe it when I see it, Boromir." Faramir said to him with a cold face; then he went to sit upon his bed, and remembered the time when his mother smiled at him in the last Winter Solstice, as his father played with his big brother. It was indeed a great memory to be reminded of, that he cherished in his heart. Boromir laid his brother back in his bed, and noted how he seemed to be unbalanced; he helped the younger boy get settled under the blankets that would protect him from the chilly wind that came with the snow. The ten year old boy stayed with his brother, watching him sleep so peacefully in his bed; every once in a while, Boromir would reach out to stroke the younger boy's hair. As the night fell outside, Boromir took his rest beside his brother and slept without sound or complaint, as he had loved to watch over his brother, the one that had brought a smile to his life since he was only a baby. Then at dawn the two brothers were awoken by guards appearing in the room, and tried to wake them for an urgent call. They walked sleepily, as both boys were still tired, with their eyes still half closed; the guards helped them stay upright as they walked toward the hall where the last king had stood, and surprise held them. Boromir's eyes were wide open, as amazed as his younger brother was; they noticed the gifts near the throne. Faramir was hesitant if he should walk towards the gifts and find out what he had received; he turned his gaze to his brother, unsure of what to do anymore. "Come, Faramir, let us see what father got for us." Boromir teased his brother a bit, hoping that he will go with him toward the gifts. Luckily, Faramir did follow his older brother. Denethor watched from afar, and then when he noticed the smiles and laughter that set upon his sons' faces, he walked toward them. "Boromir, what have you got there?" Denethor asked him with a smile, as he noticed how cute his little child was when he smiled. "It is a tiny wood sword for me to practice and be a warrior like you, father." Boromir replied, and then he turned to his brother and asked, "What have you got in there, little brother?" Faramir smiled, and lowered his head from the embarrassment that he might get for the present that he had received, "I have got several books of ancient manuscripts, but I cannot read it very well yet." Boromir raised his little brother's face, and with assurance in his voice he told him, "Have no fear, little brother, I will teach you, and I will read one to you every night." "Thank you." Faramir told his brother. Denethor only watched as he could not bring himself to do anything else, seeing them only brought tears into his eyes, as it was the first time without his wife around, and he deeply missed her. The End!