day he left Middle-earth, and knowing Legolas as he did, he would probably try and take the blasted thing with him. The thought of Legolas leaving Middle-earth any time soon, in any shape or form, made Elrond physically shudder. Glorfindel nodded. "I will see to that. I promise by all the Valar that I will die rather than let anything harm Legolas." It was a mighty vow, but it was sincere. It was not a vow to be taken lightly. "I know, mellon-nin, I know. Hennad, you know that Thranduil would thank you as well if he was here. I wish he was here ." There was a wistful sound to Elrond's voice. "Knowing Thranduil as I do, I expect that he will be on his way here as soon as he can." There was a knowing grin on Glorfindel's visage. "He hinted as much." Rithlin's voice sounded pained and Elrond frowned. He did not sound good. "He did?" Glorfindel's smile widened. "I am not surprised." Even for father and son, Legolas and Thranduil were unusually close. The loss of Minerella and their subsequent adventures in Fornost had forged that link, the fact that they had arguments notwithstanding. They were too alike in temperament for it not to happen. "Me neither." Elrond agreed, still watching Rithlin. "Still, it would be good if he were here now." "Legolas has us, Ada. We will help him. He is our brother." Elrohir looked up from where he was preparing the herbs and roots. "We are lucky to have him." Elladan agreed. Every one of them in the chamber had had their lives saved at some time by Legolas' skill with both knife and bow. Glorfindel could recall the first time he had seen Legolas shoot a bow. He had been a small elfling of around twenty-five years old. His skill even then was awe-inspiring. "Yes we are, although I think he would argue the same about us. Rithlin, if you make one move from that chair I will order you tied to the bed next to Legolas." Elrond was worried at just how pale the other elf had become. "I am well." Rithlin tried to wave him off. It failed, miserably. "You really expect me to believe that?" Elrond raised his famous eyebrow at him. "I never believe it when a Mirkwood elf says that, not even Thranduil." "But I am…" "Going to be tied to the bed, if you continue that sentence. The last thing you are, penneth, is fine. Let us help you. We will keep you here, near Legolas." "I… do hurt." Rithlin admitted reluctantly. "Where?" Gailarphen was there in an instant, already reaching to examine the archer. "Leg… and chest." Rithlin would not meet his eyes. "Chest!" Gailarphen asked, the report had said nothing about a chest wound. "I did not tell them. It did not seem that bad at the time." Rithlin rubbed his chest gently. "You still should have told us. We cannot help you if you hide things from us. We have had this discussion before. What would Palanwen say?" Gailarphen was undoing Rithlin's outer tunic. "She would have my head, but she is not here and need never know." Rithlin closed his eyes against the dizziness. It seemed to be getting worse and he was having a little trouble drawing breath. "You plan not to tell her?" Gailarphen sounded stunned at that little revelation. "She is in the middle of preparations for our bonding ceremony. The last thing she needs is to be worried about me." Rithlin hated that he sounded so breathless. "We will talk about this later when you are feeling better, for now just rest, no more talking." Gailarphen removed the inner tunic to reveal a huge bruise that covered almost all of the right side of Rithlin's chest. "That must be painful, you should have told us." Rithlin just shook his head, gently, not wanting to aggravate the dizziness that kept coming over him. "I will see to this, rest. I will make some tea for the pain." Gailarphen was already gently palpating the area. "I will see to that, Gailarphen." Elrohir had in fact thought ahead and had already had the goblet of tea ready for the healer. He held it out with a worried smile. "Hennad, Elrohir, this will help him." Gailarphen took the goblet and solemnly handed it to Rithlin. "I think that Faelien and you will be having words later. She will not be happy that you kept this and your leg from her." Nestoron laughed from where he was monitoring Legolas with Elrond, the two of them working together with an ease of long practice. "Rather you than me, mellon-nin. I would not cross her in the mood she will be in." He could only shake his head. Faelien may be dainty as all elleth were but she packed such spirit that it was frightening. o-o-o-o-o-o-o The orc seemed to sense Legolas' one moment of weakness and pressed forward. " Do you trust me, mellon-nin? I am your old friend, after all." The dark eyes seemed to sparkle for a second and Legolas was not sure what it was that he was seeing. He faltered once more, but this time it was with uncertainty. " I do not trust orcs, even if you do sound like Estel." Suddenly the pain in his stomach became worse and he bent double, unable to breath. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o Legolas still spoke to something that they could neither see nor hear. It was beginning to worry them all. Much of the time, his words were unintelligible. His fever was rising rapidly. If this carried on they would need to wash him down with tepid water to lower the fever. Elrond reached out to check his pulse and stopped as Legolas spoke clearly. "I do not trust orcs, even if you do sound like Estel." Then Legolas gasped and his back arched as a sudden rigor shook his body… o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o To be continued