surprised that I moved as swiftly as they could. I knew they were, but that was their mistake in assuming that I was a mere human. It was best to not assume things as I was constantly told by Merlin throughout the duration of my training with him. The afternoon passed and by the end of it, I was ready to collapse. There was something to be said about being an elf in human form. My stamina, while higher than most humans, was still not at the same level as the other male elves I was traveling with. Because of this, I had a feeling that "His Royal Highness" (whose name I still did not know and honestly didn't care to) ended up stopping the group a lot sooner than they were used to. While Princey looked slightly irked by this occurrence the rest of the group didn't seem to mind in the least. In fact, they looked rather relieved. Out of curiosity that was beginning to stab at my mind relentlessly like an itch that wouldn't go away, I found myself asking Arandur why that was, despite myself. The tall male, blond, elf looked rather surprised by my sudden willingness to make conversation. I hadn't spoken much during the trip and focused on the pace of the others as well as my own anger at the situation I found myself in. Talking to anyone was out of the question lest I snapped at them which would not be in anyone's best interest. "Our lord tends to drive us through the night with little chance of sleep. We have found ourselves tiring as of late," he explained. I shrugged and allowed the elf to lay out an extra sleeping blanket that the group designated to me upon consensus. Apparently someone wasn't getting sleep that night (again) and I wished I knew who so I could tell them that I would be fine without the blanket. With my hands still tied behind my back, I lay down and closed my eyes in an attempt to capture the sleep that I knew would elude me for a few hours at least. A hand gently pressed against my shoulder and my eyes fluttered open to meet the green eyes of Arandur. His hood was off now and I could see his perfectly sculpted elven beauty along with his long, silvery blond hair that was tied back in a full braid. This surprised me because even in my old world I rarely saw a man actually wear a braid before. Granted, this braid wasn't fancy, but the sight of it still caught me off guard. I blinked at him and the male elf inquired, "Are you in need of sustenance?" I gave a one shouldered shrug and averted my eyes from his. I actually wasn't that hungry and was beginning to feel homesick. I wanted the Doctor or River or both around just so that I could have some company in my captivity. I wanted to be back in the TARDIS listening to the next crackpot plan that the Doctor cooked up. I wanted to train with River and I wanted to be back in the Doctor's extensive library reading books while he and his wife went on one of their dates. Arandur, though, wasn't to be brushed off so easily and attempted to persuade me to eat anyway, "Miss Brianna, his highness will push us tomorrow. He wishes to cross the river Bruinen tomorrow and by human standards we are merely two days away. It is possible that he may push us into the night so I would suggest that you eat now and conserve your energy." I sat up and glanced at the blond prince who was studying various maps with two other elves (one golden blond and the other light brown) and engaging them in some heated discussion. It looked like they were at the brink of an argument, but I wasn't sure. I hadn't really been around my kind enough to know whether or not they even argued. I looked back at Arandur with a raised eyebrow and the elf before me had a faint humored smile on his lips. "He is intent on finding the quickest route to and across the river," he answered my unvoiced question. I sighed and looked up at the darkened sky in defeat before nodding at the elf. "I guess I'll eat," I finally conceded grudgingly. I really wasn't hungry and I also wasn't too keen on allowing silver to feed me, but feed me he most certainly did. It was quite embarrassing and I could see the glances that the other males shot us from all around. Now that their hoods were off I could tell that most of them either had different shades of blond or brown hair. The elves, it seemed, didn't have much diversity when it came to their appearance. That struck me as odd considering the fact that I had the hair color that I did. It wasn't blond or brown, but somewhere in between. My eyes weren't either blue or green, but teal which is a mixture of the two. I was also short; something that I suspected then was uncommon among most elf women let alone elf men. The elf males, themselves, positively towered over me. The fact that I rarely let down my human guise was suddenly beginning to work in my favor because I knew with certainty that more impossible questions would be shot towards me had they seen what I really looked like. An overwhelming feeling overcame me to somehow contact Merlin and apologize profusely to him for complaining about making me acquire the habit of hiding my appearance. It was with great regret that I remembered doing so would be completely impossible now that I was a universe away in a place that I had no knowledge of. My sleep that night was less than restful, but I ended up acquiring some anyway.