imagined thinking of something funny and looking at Estel and realising he is thinking of the same thing – or seeing each other after years of separation and smiling because there are no need for words – or feeling his back to one´s own in the middle of a fight – or his heartbeat beneath one´s hand when he is wounded and there is nothing you can do but wait – or when he opens his eyes and you know he will survive? He didn´t know anything about that then. He just knew there was a place in his heart where Estel was supposed to be. And Estel was still there. Legolas had been wrong all the time. Estel was there, only he hadn´t seen it. He had known, when he met Estel, that the man would die one day. He couldn´t have known how it would feel; it was impossible to imagine that. But he had known it would be worth it. Legolas was certain of it: he had known that whatever happened their friendship would be worth this pain. It would be stronger than the pain. It would be stronger than anything. They would be stronger. The bond they shared – it would be strong enough to survive death. The bond would always be there. Estel would always be there. Maybe they would never meet again – and maybe they would, just like Aragorn had said, just like Sam – Legolas remembered that now – had said so many years ago. And even if they didn´t, there would be a part of Estel in Legolas´ heart, and a part of Legolas in Estel´s heart. You cannot be so close to someone and not leave any tracks. If the world lived on for millions and millions of years, there would still be a place in his heart that was Estel. And there was only one thing he had to do if it was to become like that. He had to live. Maybe it was the gentle touch of wind on its walls, and maybe it was the first morning light, and maybe it was it was the way the elf seemed to live , but suddenly the House understood. It hurt at first, when the elf stormed through all the empty halls and tore the white sheets from the furniture and the candles from their holders and the books from their shelves, ripped tapestries from the walls, threw figurines on the floor, flung open all the doors and the windows and let in the night. You are a ruin , he said, and it hurt. But then the House knew that the elf was right, and the House had been wrong, all the time. What did it matter if it looked like before, when it wasn´t? Not more than it matters if you can see a beloved friend when you can´t touch him. Truth was, what was really important, what really mattered, was exactly what the House had tried to push away: life. It had let in the elf because his life had been faltering; but now – when he was alive again, his spirit strong, his eyes shining the way only elven eyes does – now it realised it wasn´t enough. The elf would leave, but others had to come, because the House saw what it had been missing: the warmth of a living creature. It couldn´t hope for hearing the voices of elves again. At least not many. Maybe a few, now and then. But there were others – men and dwarves crossing the mountains – that would need a safe place to rest; a place of peace, of comfort. That meant it had to fell apart, for Men are afraid of things they don´t understand, and if the House become a place of ghosts no one would dare to go near. But if it fell apart, and let trees grow in the ruins of its white walls, and flowers bloom through the floors and Elrond´s telescope be covered in ivy, then it would become a place of rest for tired warriors – a refuge for those seeking shelter, just like it became the refuge for fleeing elves all those years ago. And I will , the House thought. Many years later, a passing traveller would find this a valley just like all others – very beautiful and very safe, but untouched. If they looked closer, maybe they would find a broken statue or a part of an ornamented pillar; but Men are impatient and seldom look that close. The House that was Once Elrond´s would be forgotten. But not Imladris. It was spring when he saw the shore. They had been sailing for such a long time, and he was impatient. He had grown tired of the Sea. While building the ship he had capitulated and decided that he loved it, but it didn´t speak to him like the trees and when the shore emerged from the morning mist, he could have jumped up and down with impatience. Finally, finally, finally. Sun glittered on the surface of the water. Wind filled the sails. He leaned to the railing and closed his eyes and felt the splashes of water on his face. "We´re here, Gimli", he said. "We´ve arrived." "Aye", Gimli said beside him. "So how do you feel?" Legolas tilted his head to one side, thinking. It was hard to tell. He wasn´t entirely happy, but he wasn´t sad either. There was still the undertone of sadness in his heart, but it was soft, like the touch of gentle fingers; or maybe it was age. Finally he said: "I feel whole." "Well, that´s not bad", Gimli said. Legolas shook his head. "It´s not." And across the water came the voices of elms and beeches, and the sun shone, and the wind blew to the West; and it wasn´t. It wasn´t bad. Thank you for reading! What did you think? Please review, every comment is welcome :)