it looked as if a whole country had been mustered. And then she remembered – Rohan! They had answered the call. Swiftly they flew down the hillside towards the enemy and golden they looked as they were lit by the rising sun. The sun ! Keren belatedly realised what she was seeing. A real dawn ! She opened the window wide and leaned out, feeling the warmth on her face. She gasped in wonder at what she saw. The sun, seeming red with anger, blazed down on the riders, lighting their path. So fierce and terrifying they looked as they clashed with the enemy that she almost looked away but found she could not. Arrows were flying, spears were thrown, swords and their strange helmets, all adorned with horse hair flying behind, were glinting in the sun. A strange sound rose up from the battlefield – the riders of Rohan were singing as they killed. She could not believe what she was seeing, and felt tears of awe grow in her eyes. "Keren!" A shrill shout tore her gaze away. "Away from that window and back to work! How dare you?" She had to smile at Ioreth in her joy. "But Rohan has come," she cried. "The riders – we are saved!" A great shout went up in the ward from all those who were able. It felt as if the light was returning, and, though still ignorant of all else that was occurring, they felt a great joy in their hearts. And old Ioreth, with a tear in her eye and a smile, nodded and said: "Back to work though, child." The wounded were still being brought in thick and fast, as the sun climbed in the sky. Keren and the other healers still had not stopped for rest or refreshment, for the need of those in their care was greater. The pile of dead, for a disordered pile it had become, was growing, but some men who had only minor wounds had already been released from the Houses. Since the arrival of the men of Rohan it felt to Keren that sometimes the air in the wards was less foul, and she finally made time to clean the blood off her arms and face once more. As she leant over the bucket a great scream went up from the battlefield, causing her to look across to the windows, but all she could see from this angle was sky. It rent the hearts of all, as no one could escape the sound. The distance must have been great, but the scream seemed to be heard and felt within their very souls. Keren felt dizzy with panic and could not breathe. All of her fears and troubles over Faramir were pulled to the surface; all of the memories of her mothers' last days were brought to the fore, threatening to overwhelm her with sorrow. She shut her eyes and clenched her teeth against the pain. But then the scream faded, and straight away a hope seemed to rise in Keren and, it appeared, all those around her. The sun seemed yet brighter and warmer, and a feeling of calm descended through the Houses of Healing. Those who were dying felt at peace, and those who were healing felt a new energy surge through them. As for Keren, she simply smiled to herself, and thought of Faramir. Why this happened she did not know, as she had heard very clearly that he was dead. She continued to wash the blood from her arms methodically, allowing her mind to focus on work once more. At that moment a great pounding on the main doors to the Houses began. She was the only one not busy with a charge and so made haste to answer it, running out to the hallway. With a turn of the large metal ring-pull and a great heave she pulled open one of the doors – they were old and heavy, designed to keep any unwanted visitors away. A wave of nausea went over her as the physical effort took its toll on her lack of food and sleep. She swayed a little and leant on the door frame for support. "Are you alright?" A young male voice asked. She nodded, eyes closed, taking a deep breath to steady herself. "I am well, thank you," she said, feeling the faintness pass. "How can I help…" She looked up to see who had spoken to her but saw only stone walls. Then she registered a small figure looking up at her, no bigger than a ten-year-old boy, but with the face of a young man. "…you?" She tailed off, staring. There was a tut from behind him. "This is no time for introductions to hobbits," a man's voice said. "Keren, allow us to pass, I will explain all as we walk." "Beregond!" Keren said in recognition as she tore her eyes from the strange creature in front of her. The guard of the citadel regarded her with anxious eyes. She looked as bad as he felt. "Bergil is not here, I am sorry," she said, "I have not seen him for days." "My son is safe and well Keren, I thank thee," he said quickly. "I do not seek him, but I must enter, and swiftly." She nodded. "Of course." No doubt he had another message for the warden – perhaps the battle was won? But he turned his back to her and stooped to pick up something that had previously been hidden behind him and the strange little man. It was a body laid out on a bier – no, not just a body, or why would he bring it to the Houses? The man must still live. As Beregond turned and held the man, cradled in his arms, Keren saw that it was none other but Faramir. Her face must have shown her shock as Beregond said grimly: "Now you see why there is need of haste."