Aragorn put a hand on his friend's shoulder. "Legolas, do you know what happened?" he asked the elf quietly. It was enough to finally make Legolas tear his gaze away from the sight in front of them and look at Aragorn instead. His eyes were dark and empty, and he seemed to be strangely lost. It hurt the ranger to see his friend like that. "No," Legolas answered, and his voice sounded hollow. "I never follow the flight of an arrow once it is shot… I never need to." As if against his will, his head started to turn in the direction of Gûrel again, but Aragorn squeezed his friend's shoulder slightly and drew the elf's attention back to himself. Legolas' gaze fixed on the ranger as if he was an anchor to hold on to. "Gûrel was moving away from the flight path of the arrow and the orc was moving right into it," the elf said softly. "That is all I saw before I turned away to fire the next arrow. I do not know-" He broke off, a helpless look in his eyes. Aragorn put his other hand on Legolas' free shoulder and turned his friend around so that he was facing him. The elf did not resist. "Listen to me," the man said intently, his eyes boring into those of his friend. "I do not know what happened here, or how it did happen, but I know it was not your fault. Your arrows do not go astray, or I would be dead a hundred times over. I know you, my friend. Do not lose faith in yourself. It was not your fault. It could never be." Legolas looked back at him, and the sudden deep pain in the elf's eyes cut right into Aragorn's heart. "I thank you for your trust in me, Aragorn," the archer answered softly. "But whatever you say, it is my arrow in Gûrel's chest. It is my arrow that… killed him. You cannot change that." Aragorn felt Legolas' shoulders slump slightly in sudden defeat. Then the elf took one step back, and reluctantly Aragorn released his hold on him. Legolas turned around and slowly began to walk away. As much as Aragorn did not want to let him go, he knew that his friend needed to be alone now. He was only too aware how terrible the situation must be for Legolas. The wood-elf was a fierce and merciless fighter against any creature of darkness, but apart from that he avoided killing wherever he could. Whenever they had had to fight and kill men instead of orcs or other creatures of the Dark Lord, it had taken its toll on Legolas' soul. As all elves, he honoured life, and he would not raise a hand against a child of Ilúvatar if he was given any choice. But now an elf had been killed, and seemingly by one of Legolas' arrows. Aragorn closed his eyes. He was not sure whether Legolas would be able to cope with Gûrel's death at all. He opened his eyes again, turned, and looked down at Niras. His heart wanted to follow his friend, but he knew there was something he had to do, if he wanted to have a chance to really help Legolas. He had told his friend the truth. Aragorn found himself unable to believe that one of Legolas' arrows could hit the wrong target, even in the heat of battle. Legolas was much too experienced an archer to allow that to happen. As every archer, Legolas was aware of the dangers and would go to any lengths to avoid them. In all the years Aragorn had known the elf, none of his arrows had ever gone astray. To Legolas, archery was not simply a way to defend himself or his favourite way of fighting. It was a part of him, something that was almost as natural to him as breathing. That his arrow would not only miss the intended target, but also kill a friend on top of it was as likely as that the elf would accidentally stop breathing. Aragorn knew he had to get to the bottom of this if he wanted to keep Legolas from destroying himself with his guilt and self-doubt. Niras was his only hope and he had been nearest to Gûrel when he fell. Right now, Niras was too far gone to reach, but Aragorn hoped that he would come to his senses again some time during the night, if he was not already fading. The orcs had attacked them at dusk, when they had already made camp at the western foot of the Misty Mountains and had believed the worst danger to be over. The ranger rekindled the campfire and dragged the nearest orc corpses away, so that the sight of them and their stench would not be the first thing that would greet Niras if he ever woke up again from his trance-like state. Aragorn settled down a small distance away from the elf, hoping that his presence would provide at least some kind of comfort to the grieving Elda. He only wished that he could have done the same for Legolas. As much as he understood the wood-elf's reasons for leaving the camp, he still did not like the thought of his friend being out there alone with only his pain and agonizing thoughts for company. But the only way to truly help Legolas now was to stay and try to talk to Niras. If Niras had not seen anything… Aragorn did not know whether he would be able to help Legolas live with what had happened here today if he could not at least find a reason for it. At the moment, he could only try to hold on to hope for both of them. To be continued… I do not think this qualifies as a cliffie... (smiles sweetly) The second and last chapter should follow next week. Take care, Tinu :)