recovery, but it is..quite expensive." Frodo nodded and walked to the closet and pulled out a tin, which held shiny gold coins. Little did the doctor know, there was a tin like this one in about every room. He handed the doctor more than the price of his visit and the medicine combined and asked him if he could remain quiet about this whole ordeal and not let anyone know the woman was staying there. The doctor looked suspicious, but nodded anyways and said his goodbyes. "She will wake in an hour and it is very important that you get her to feed the child. Even if you have to help her..." the doctor trailed off, as it was rather an uncomfortable position that Frodo was in. Frodo just nodded and closed the door after thanking him. Sam, still sitting on the sofa, crossed his arms in front o his chest. Frodo smiled sheepishly. "I suppose you want an explanation?" "Mr. Frodo! Who-what-how!?" sputtered Sam. Frodo smiled and patted Sam on the arm, motioning for him to sit down as he told his the story of what happened. "Oh, Mr. Frodo, I am sorry I jumped to conclusions! I feel quite embarrassed now," Sam said as he and Frodo stood over the bed that harbored the mysterious woman. "What conclusions might that be, Sam?" inquired Frodo, eyes locked on the now peaceful face upon the pillow. "Uh, well, you see, I had thought that quite possibly, it was possible that you—" "Spit it out Sam!" Frodo said laughingly. "I thought her to be your lover!" Sam said sheepishly, his face turning rosy. Frodo looked over at him, and laughed. "No, Sam, I do not know her," Frodo said softly. However much I would like to, he added mentally. She was a beauty, not in the way that most hobbit lasses were. She was curvy, with a round face and delicious lips. Her auburn hair fanned around her face in wild curls, and once rough hand clutched the bedspread. Yes, she was a beautiful woman, one who had obviously been through more than he knew. "Mr. Frodo?" Sam questioned. Frodo looked up to see Sam watching him. He did not know how long he had stared at the woman, and suddenly felt foolish. "Sorry Sam, just wondering I suppose," Frodo said. "Yes, well, I must be off. Rosie will be getting worried. Just send for me if you need anything, anything at all," Sam smiled and walked down the hallway. Frodo watched him disappear from the window, and stood looking out for a long while. The cry of the baby brought him back to the present. Picking up the baby, he turned around. He heard a rustling sound, and looked up to find two dazed hazel eyes looking at him. . Why were her eyelids so heavy? She wanted to open them; she wanted to see her baby. Mirabelle heard a soft wail, and knew it was her baby. With all the effort she possessed, she drug her eyes open, and searched the room. Once again, she met bright blue eyes. The man, the man who had helped her, what was his name? Before it even registered in her mind, she was speaking. "Frodo, may I hold my baby?" . The hazel eyes focused and she spoke, asking for her baby. Carefully, Frodo propped her into a sitting position, finding pillows to rest her arms on. Gently, he laid the baby in lap, as her arms could not hold him yet, and she smiled. "Tobie," she whispered. "Miss…" Frodo trailed off, realizing he didn't know her name. "Mirabelle," she supplied. "Mirabelle…Underhill." Frodo smiled knowingly, and she shrugged her shoulders. He would not press the issue. "Well Miss..Underhill," she tilted her head as if to correct him. "Mirabelle, I there anything you require?" "Oh, no, I am quite fine for the moment," she replied, beaming down at her son. Frodo turned to leave when he remembered the doctors orders. "Um, Mirabelle, the baby needs…fed," Frodo stated. She looked up, and then at her useless arms, and then at him, cheeks reddening. Frodo smiled reassuringly. "I told the doctor I would help you." She nodded and he stepped forward. Next to the bed, he reached to unbutton the front of her blouse, when he realized there was no buttons. "It unties in the back," she mumbled. Frodo laughed awkwardly and tilted her forward a bit, reaching for the ties and undoing them. The garment slipped over her shoulders, almost revealing her fullness. He noticed bruised along her back and shoulders, but did not comment. Frodo hesitated for a moment, and then, deciding it had to be done, gently pulled the fabric of one breast. Slowly he brought the baby up to the breast and stepped back. Mirabelle awkwardly smiled her thanks to him, and he sat down in a chair to rest his eyes. Awkwardness aside, he was exhausted. . His hands were gentle, and Mirabelle trusted him. She did not flinch away this time, for she trusted him. He would not harm her nor take advantage of her. As he slid off her clothing, she sighed. If only HE had been this gentle, this caring. Maybe she would not be in this predicament. She felt her baby gently pressed to her breast, and she looked up and smiled at him, meeting his blue eyes once again. Then again maybe things happen for a reason. She watched as he walked to a chair, weary from the night's events. He rubbed one of his shoulders, as if it pained him. As she nursed her son, she watched him fall asleep. His skin, pale as ivory, almost glowed against the contrast of his dark curls. Slowly, she too, drifted off to sleep, dreaming of deep pools of deep blue. . Thanks for reading, and please review if you feel like there is something I need to know, or just want to comment. Best Wishes, Lauren.