parts of the body, your legs, hips, sides, which you hissed loudly at, your arms."can you move your arms and legs, and turn your head for me." he asked in a clam voice. You obeyed and started to tenderly move your limbs. You couldn't move your left arm. And David stated it was broken, thankfully it only snapped, and was not shattered. "does this hurt?" David pressed his fingertips gently to your side on the right, and it didn't hurt to bad. But on the left.. "it seems you have two broken ribs, and maybe a bruised one." he looked solemn. he brushed his fingers over your forehead and felt the gash that was there, the dried blood dripping into your eye. "okay, I think your going to live." he tried for a smile once again but it to quickly fell. "your just going to have to rough it out until we find a solution. All the first aid stuff was ripped from the plane when he crashed." "w-what, what happened?" you asked in a breathy voice. David gazed into your eyes, and you saw the events of the plane crash reflect off his eyes. "we were flying over the triangle. As I hope you know." you nodded. "and we started to his some turbulence. The pilot said it was a up coming storm. He said we could get through it, it wasn't that bad." he took a shaky breath. "it started to rain, and the plane started to shake, we were in the middle of the triangle now. That's when it all happened." tears brimmed his eyes and he clenched his jaw to keep them back as he finished. "there was lightning, and I think the plane was struck." you seemed to recall this. "we went down and hit the water hard, then everything went black." he looked down, his shoulders shaking with grief and fear, his heart reliving the experience. You hadn't notice,d but you had also started to cry. Your right hand whipped around and held your side. The crying hurting like a bitch on your broken ribs. "please, don't cry, we are safe, that's what matters right now." he choked on his own words, and you did too, though no words were spoken. It was a few minutes before the pain won over and you were forced to stop crying. David had already left with another man and woman to see if they could salvage anything form the plane and search for anymore survivors. "so, whats your name?" you saw the woman from before, the one who took the child come over to you. She was bruised a lot, but seemed fine otherwise. "Sassy." you replied quietly. You didn't care if she knew who your were, you were in the middle of no were, there was no ATMs or cars to steal or anything of modern value. "im Saddie, Saddie Anderson." she stated. "nice to meet you Sassy.. um?" "just Sassy" you stated. She nodded, not needing an answer. You both sat there in silence until it started to get dark. Thinking about just how yesterday night, you were at a party, or in bed, or doing whatever. But you were safe, and warm, and healthy. Not covered in dirt, broken body parts, and in the middle of who knows were. The whole group had started to get worried, David's group was not back yet. But before anyone could really start up another panic the group came back. They were carrying large suitcases and were carting a flight attendant's food cart, it was piled with food and other things that might be useful. And with them was someone new. A young girl, holding onto the shirt of the woman who was helping carry a rather packed black suitcase. "KELLY!" the boy from before, the one who was helping the old woman leapt up, and raced over to the arriving party. "JUSTIN!! BROTHER!!!" the little girl cried, releasing her timid hold on the woman's shirt and darting for her sibling. As the two children crashed into each other as they met, falling to the ground in a fit of joyful giggles and cries. So relieved as to find there sibling had not been killed in the crash. "im so glad.." the old woman said, a weak smile on her face. A few others nodded, though saddened from there own losses. "what do we have to work with?" asked the man with the broken arm. He wore a gray suit and pants, and held his arm carefully. His short black hair was dirty and messed up. "we have all that we could salvage. The underside of the plane, the part that held the luggage was ripped out." David replied. "we got all the food we could." added the woman. "and we might have found a working phone, but it doesn't have reception from here." "we also gathered all the extra clothes we need, just a few large jackets, some blankets, those small airplane pillows." the man who who had also gone with them stated setting down his load which must have contained the clothing. "and I searched through some bags and found shampoo, conditioner, soap, toilet paper, and a few wash clothes." the woman made a point to announce the soap. Everyone would need it. David took a deep breath, then in a deep voice that did not match his young face, and wild red hair, said: "we don't know how long we are going to be here, or what we may need, we don't know what kind of wild animals are living here." he took a deep breath and tried to wipe the dried blood from his forehead, though it did not move. "we are going to use the buddies system, make sure to have someone with you at all times." everyone nodded, obviously David was in command of this. Which was good, they needed someone to guide them in this short time of need. Or long...