later she was in her father's arms, burying her face in his warm chest. Elrond held her to him tightly, as though fearing that if he were to let go…the moment would be over…and their goodbyes would be final. As he rested his chin on top of her head, he allowed his tears to run down his face; he had kept them checked for too long…and it had been killing him. The two stayed that way for a long while, although they did not notice the sky darkening, or the chilly breeze that seemed to be intent on bothering them. In her father's arms, Arwen felt safe...although she could not hide the reality from herself any longer; she would never see him again. She would never see him again. Alas, Ilúvatar's Gift to Men was harsh indeed. After what seemed like ages, Elrond pulled away from the embrace, ducking his head in an attempt to hide his tears – which was unsuccessful. He shivered inwardly as he felt the icy hand gently brush the trail of tears away. It pained him to no end, not only to leave his daughter, but to know that she would suffer so much. What made it worse was that there was nothing he could do about it. He, Lord of Rivendell, mighty Healer and Lore-master…and bearer of Vilya mightiest of the three Elven rings…was powerless against the grief he foresaw in his daughter's distant future. "Lúthien Tinúviel made the same choice, Ada," reminded Arwen, "And it grieved her parents greatly, but gave her the happiness she would not have had otherwise…" "Yea, but it was not in her lot to suffer, once the long mortal life she and Beren Erchamion were granted ended," replied Elrond. "You, though you have forsaken your kind, still posses some Elven grace…which will ensure that your life-span is longer than that of Estel's." He sounded pained. "And you will suffer in the years after you lose Estel…something that Lúthien did not need to do." Arwen was quiet, but when she did answer, her voice was determined. "Then that is something I will have to deal with, Ada," she said, looking him directly in the eye, "For at least I would have managed to spend the most part of my life in happiness, by his side." The silence that surrounded them for the last time, although sorrowful, was comforting to the father and daughter. Glancing up at the skies and ignoring his heavy heart, Elrond looked hard at Arwen, as though trying to memorize her image. "We should return…" he said, softly. "For we will be leaving shortly." There was a lump in Arwen's throat that disallowed her from saying anything in reply. She merely nodded. Turning their back to the clearing, Elrond Peredhil and Arwen Undómiel strolled to the capitol together, side by side, for the last time in their lifetimes. A short while later: The White Lady of Rohan stood close behind her newly-made friend, the Queen of Gondor, as they stood facing the mounted company who were now ready to leave Edoras. For some of them, it was a small journey, but for the others, it was for good. Aragorn leaned down from his horse and clasped Arwen's hand in his own, giving it a comforting squeeze. Even though she did her best to hide it from him, he could see the sadness in her eyes. "I trust you will look after her, my dear Lady?" he said, as he turned to Éowyn. "You need not have asked, my liege-lord and Healer," was the reply he got from the soon to be wife of Faramir, Steward of Gondor. He nodded and urged his horse forward, to allow the Elves to say their farewells. "We will be seeing you shortly, dear sister," said Elrohir, smiling down at her. "We shall pray for your safe journey back to Minas Tirith," added Elladan. Arwen nodded, managing to smile at them before they moved past her. She stared up at the elderly yet kind face of her grandfather, Lord Celeborn. "We shall meet soon…" said the silver-haired Elf, gently, for he knew the pain she would be going through. "But Galadriél refuses to reveal more of the future to me." "And that is wise," managed Arwen, as he too moved to join the rest. Her grey eyes and Galadriél's light-blue locked together for a long while. Aragorn did not worry at their silence, knowing from experience, that Galadriél would have preferred to communicate mentally with her granddaughter. "Be happy, my child," said Galadriél, fondly, before riding forward. She had also raised Arwen as her own daughter, after Celebrian had sailed, and it hurt her to know that she would never see her again…yet she knew she would be happy, and that was all she needed to know. Both parties; those who were remaining and those who were leaving turned quiet as Elrond stopped his horse beside his daughter. No words were exchanged for a while – they had done that all earlier – as both feared what they would say if they spoke. Blinking back the warm tears that stubbornly refused to stay dormant, Arwen took a deep breath. "Nai tiruvantel ar varyavantel í Valar," she whispered. ( May the Valar protect you) Elrond nodded his face solemn although his eyes were, once more, difficult to read. "Namárië…" In a silent procession, resembling one that was grieving for a heavy loss, the Elves of two of the three last Elven Kingdoms in Middle-Earth, the King of Gondor and the rest of his Mortal escort, made their way out of Edoras, their hearts heavy. A/N #Sniff# I feel so sorry for Elrond. I've never realized this until after I typed this one-shot piece. I mean…it certainly must have been a bitter parting for him and for Arwen. I hope it wasn't too emotional or anything of the sort, but hey, it was their last meeting. Reviews will be welcomed! See ya! Siriusgirl1