up a sickness of death that would take the joy out of people's hearts and replace it with cold, hard, fear. The blade spoke to her. Told her that her light would blink out. Its black tendrils slinking around her ready to choke the life from her body-. "Brianna!" Hands grasped her shoulders firmly and pulled her away from the blade; dragging her body forcibly away from the deadly blade and back towards the fire. Blinking and gasping for breath she hadn't known she'd been holding, Brianna looked up at a worried looking Strider hovering over her. "Are you alright?" he asked. She nodded and shook herself out of the evil trance which attempted to injure her. "What is that thing?" she finally breathed and mentally winced at how her voice sounded exactly like she felt; scared to death. Strider kept her steady while he replied, "That was a Morgul blade. Frodo's been stabbed by it." She shuddered. Her body didn't seem to stop shaking. "What do Morgul blades do?" she asked in a more steady voice. Strider's lips pursed and he glanced at Frodo and the other Hobbits before meeting her eyes again. "I will tell you and the others after we get to a safe location. Merry, Pippin, pack up the area. Sam, see to Frodo. I will check for enemies. Brianna keep the fire going and make sure that no one touches that blade," he ordered. Brianna nodded dumbly, not in the mood to argue. She scooted to where Frodo was and reached out to feel his skin. She almost drew back from how cold his skin was. She glanced at Sam. "Bri, what's wrong?" he asked. The elf searched with her arm, feeling through the liquid within Frodo, just as the elven healers had taught her. She located the poison near the knife point. Going off of the fact that wraiths couldn't stand fire or warmth of any kind, she began to send a steady stream of heat into the little Hobbit's body. "He's too cold. Whatever that thing did to him injected some sort of poison into Frodo's system. I'm warming his body up and attempting to slow down the poison. There's only so much I can do, though, without hurting him," her frustration bled through her tone and Sam seemed on the verge of panic. "I thought I'd never say this, but I wish Strider stayed," he muttered. Brianna nodded in agreement, "So do I." "Bri, we're done packing," Merry said softly as he and Pippin sat down near the fire. She barely acknowledged him, too busy keeping the fire going and helping Frodo. It was after they said this when the man in question returned. Strider resembled a wraith in the way he swooped into their camp and back among them. "Are we able to go?" she asked. "Yes," he replied. He moved towards her, Sam and Frodo as if to pick up the latter, but Brianna stopped him by heaving the little Hobbit onto her back. "I can keep him warm while we walk. Just lead the way," she said with an air of authority she rarely showed to the rest of the group. To his credit, he only hesitated for a moment, but the situation being as dire as it was, he didn't stall for too long. With a nod in her direction, he instructed the rest of the Hobbits to ready the pony, Bill, and led them out of their former campsite. He stopped only to wrap the blade in a thick cloth and stuff it into his cloak before taking them as quickly away from Weathertop as he could. *Few things to Note* 1) I did not use elvish for Brianna's song, because elvish doesn't have a translator like Google. I did, however, take the next best thing to elvish, which was Irish. I really don't know how good the translation is, I don't know Irish, but if anyone reading this happens to know it, feel free to PM me or leave a review with corrections. I put the English in parenthesis so that you all can at least see where I was trying to go with the "Song". The song is written in simplistic free-verse and there is more to it than what I have down, but, like the Lay of Luthien, it's extremely long. She sang the first chorus. 2) Aragorn seems to be taking her display of magic very well. He's not, but due to her reaction to the Morgul blade, Aragorn is more inclined now to believe that she's not in league with their enemies. 3) I know I only did one scene from Aragorn's POV. The next chapter will have a lot more of Aragorn awesomeness. 4) I had been wondering how the effect of Middle Earth's evil would effect her. After all, she's come from earth, where evil is more widespread and hidden verses Sauron and his forces being quite obvious in their movements. There's also the fact that Brianna is used to battling an upfront evil. They might lurk in the shadows, but her people were so numerous that it didn't matter. There was always an escape. Middle Earth isn't quite like that. Evil has festered in the land for a long time and the world's inhabitants haven't known true peace for many years. Darkness is a lot more sneaky here and preys on the hearts and minds of the people around them which is why Brianna was so affected by the Morgul blade. More about her world will be revealed in due time. 5) Elves from Brianna's world can jump between dimensions. They just haven't done so in over four thousand years. Because of earlier records, Brianna already knew of the fact that other worlds existed, which is why she's taking this transition better than one would think. And she does like to keep busy, after all. So, like it? Hate it? Despise it? Review and tell me what you think!