on her shoulder, "Which is why I told Amanda that so long as she could see the stars, the memories she has will never fade." "She mentioned that," Nikki said with a soft sigh, "I am so worried about her future, Cayden can blend in about anywhere at his age, but Mandy's so much like me…" "You say that like it is a bad thing to be like you." Erestor said mildly drawing Nikki's eye up to meet his gaze, unaware of what she saw as she did. His hair, dark as the night was speckled with shimmering snowflakes, giving his hair a look reminiscent of the night-sky above; framing his face as she realized it had unraveled through the evening's events and while normally his eyes reminded her of a hard stone, they were far gentler and kinder than she remembered them being. Or maybe it was just the light of the diffused moon through the snowy air. "Maybe it is a bad thing to be so much like me…" Nikki trailed off as Erestor pressed his thumb to her lips to stop the flow of her thoughts again. "I think if she manages to have half the strength you do and refuse to use she will fare just fine in any endeavor she pursues." Erestor said firmly, keeping his thumb pressed to her lips as he held her gaze prisoner. "Her mother could be twice the woman she thinks she deserves to be if she possessed half the courage she pretends to." He added smiling slightly as he cupped her chin freeing her lips from his thumb in the same instant. Blindsided in part by the compliment, Nikki stared up at him blinking as snowflakes danced in her vision and clung in part to his hair, giving it a shimmering sort of night-sky appearance and the dark cloak draped around his shoulders. "Did you just backwards-compliment me?" Erestor smirked at her flabbergasted expression, enjoying the fact for once that he'd managed the last word on a topic. "Yes." Erestor answered simply as he brushed several snowflakes away from her forehead with his fingertips as he leaned, intending to draw her attention back to him as she was already trying to withdraw into her protective shell when his lips brushed hers slightly before the touch deepened, in part by her burrow closer to him filling his senses with her bittersweet taste. Erestor felt her moan against his lips, silent and sweet as it was, it soothed a part of him that had ached in watchful silence, and he indulged that protesting need as long as she was willing. A greedy part of his nature, prone to consume the light, much as she was a gentle one wanted to devour her, but reason won out as she responded at first slowly. Erestor allowed himself the time to memorize the touch, the scent and taste briefly before he forced the contact to break apart and the stunned look on her face revealed how naked her defenses truly were. "It was you," She breathed looking up at him, "It wasn't Raina who set in motion the redecoration of the house, and ensured that we would all be here." There wasn't a note of accusation in her voice, but rather astonishment, "But – why – " "A better question, in the starlight of the Winter Solstice, Nichole, is why not?" He said releasing her even as he pulled a small box out of the hidden pocket he'd been guarding the whole evening, "Open it, once I've returned inside, I want to check on your children and when you're ready, if you're ever ready we can discuss the contents." He extended the small box, no bigger than the palm of his hand and she accepted it with a nervous look as he smiled, "It is a gift, and yours to do with what you see fit no matter what that is." He added, turning toward the door he looked back at her, slightly bedraggled and her parted lips encouraging him to do exactly the wrong thing at the right time. Nikki watched him open the door and step inside, leaving the door cracked enough that she could see that he was the only one still stirring, and as he had said Erestor looked after both of her children. Cayden first, and the gentle tuck of the blanket around the small boy warmed her heart even as her hands shook from cold and shock in equal measure. Erestor bent and whispered something to the sleeping Mandy and she wondered what it was, before looking at her hand and opened the box. Nestled securely in the confines of the black velvet-lined box was a silver chain with a delicate-looking pendant shaped as if someone had bent her first initial and swirled the ends to make teardrops in order to nestle small gems in the points; teardrop amethyst, a yellow stone that reminded Nikki of citrine and the last was a small star-shaped crystal, at least she hoped it was a crystal, but something warned her that it was a more valuable stone than a quartz crystal. She stared at it briefly before closing the lid and shivered once before stepping into the room again to close out the cold of the winter starlight and looked around the room once more. Erestor was gone, he had vanished when she had been staring at the contents of the box apparently but he had not been idle in that short time. The children were snug on their respective couches and a third was prepared for her that much was clear as there was a pillow, and blanket waiting for her to sleep out the remainder of the night before her children would awaken to the wonder of a snowy Yule morning. "Merry Christmas to all," Nikki whispered into the silence of the room, even if somewhere in her heart she heard the rest of the quote in the silence.