is where you chose to lay down and await your doom...in the heart of Elvendom," he said softly, brushing his fingers against one particular golden flower. "Alas, for soon, gloom and despair will completely take over these woods, and none shall be able to pass through...and see your resting place." He bowed his head, his brows furrowed in thought, when his eyes caught sight of something to his right, away from the flowers. As he leaned forward with his arm outstretched to clasp whatever it was, he recognized it, and his blue eyes widened. For there, attached to a silver chain and glistening as it used to, was the white Evenstar - the symbol of the Elf-maiden. As he held it in his hands, marveling at its light, he understood why Aragorn had never worn the necklace after his marriage and how he was wrong to have thought that the Ranger had probably forgotten or misplaced it; he had given it back to its owner. The light of the Evenstar illuminated his face, and a sudden thought came to the Elf-Prince. He looked towards the dead Elf-maiden, and clutched the pendant tightly in his hands. "I pray you will hold no grudge against me...for what I plan to do, Undomiel," he said, wondering all the while why he was speaking to her as if...she could hear him. "I know not if I will be allowed to cross the seas and pass to the West, like many of our kindred did...yet, if I am successful, I know of one who will be in need of the light of this Evenstar...one who would wish to have it in his possession..." He paused, remembering that he was speaking to the dead...and that he would get no response, positive or negative. He stood up, still holding the pendant and necklace in his hand. As he did so, a refreshing gust of wind blew once more around the grassy slopes. He inhaled the scent of flowers and dew, and smiled sadly. "I pray you will find your Estel, Undomiel, 'ere the end of the world..." With a last respectful bow, he turned his back to Cerin Amroth and walked away, knowing in his heart that no-one would come this way again. She was at peace...at last. The Elves waited patiently for their Prince to return - well, as patiently as they could, for the gloom that surrounded the woods affected them greatly. And it did not help when all that their horses wanted to do was to leave the dismal place. "I am going after him," said one of the Elves, at last, moving away from his horse. "He has been gone for far too – " He stopped when he saw the familiar figure walk towards them. "Your...highness?" The Prince looked up at the concerned note in the Elf's voice. "Are...you well?" Legolas nodded, albeit sadly. "Aye..." he said, before glancing up at the skies. "'Tis getting late...we should be on our way..." He stroked his steed's neck soothingly. "Did you...find the grave you were looking for?" asked one of his company, as the rest exchanged more confused glances. The Prince nodded. "I did..." he said looking towards the path he had just come from. "And I shall be the last to do so...for the way will be shut shortly, as despair takes over the woods..." With a last look to the woods, he mounted his steed. As he did so, the Evenstar that he held in his hands was made visible to the Elves nearest to him, and realization dawned on them. "Alas, then, for the beauty of Luthien Tinúviel has indeed left this world for good..." said a dark-haired Elf. Legolas glanced at the pendant in his hands, before he tucked it into an inside pocket of his tunic. "And yet, she will be able to rest in peace...and for that, we must be grateful..." With that, he turned his horse around, and they started moving forward. "Come, we must make haste to Ithilien..." My heart cannot defy its longing for the sea anymore... A/N Phew, that was long, I know...but I hope it was good! I completely depressed myself when I re-read it...and I'm sorry if I did the same for all of you... Note: I know that, in the books, Arwen gives Frodo the Evenstar to remember her and Aragorn and to ease the pain his wound will cause him in the future, but I just changed that particular fact as you probably noticed. In this, Aragorn gives the Evenstar back to Arwen after they are married, and she takes it with her to Cerin Amroth. Oh, and can you guess who Legolas plans on giving the Evenstar to? It's to Elrond, who'd be missing his daughter. Plus, if Legolas does make it to the Undying Lands and gives it to Elrond, it would be a sign, telling him that his daughter has indeed passed away. Concerning the Calendar of Imladris , it had six seasons as opposed to the usual number. They consisted of Tuilë (spring), Lairë (summer), Yávië (autumn), Quellë (Fading), Hrívë (winter) and Coirë (Stirring). This was taken from Appendix D, in ' The Lord of the Rings.' A list of the Sindarin (which is hopefully correct) used in the fic: Gwador – Sindarin for brother ; as in a dear friend who is more or less a brother. Gwador-nîn – Sindarin for ' my brother.' Ion-nîn – Sindarin for ' my son.' Cunn – Sindarin for ' prince.' In Minas Tirith: Fen Hollen (The Silent Door) : The only entrance in Minas Tirith, on the sixth circle, to the Rath Dínen (The Silent Street). Rath Dínen (The Silent Street) : Can be accessed by the Fen Hollen . It's where the Dead are kept. I.e. The House of the Kings : where the dead Kings are laid to rest. The House of the Stewards : where the dead Stewards are laid to rest. See ya! Siriusgirl1