my friend! Move before I kill you!" Still grinning, Aragorn got off his chest – knowing how much Legolas hated to be stuck, and perhaps understanding that the threat was fairly seriously meant. Legolas sat up. He was still coughing, shaky after the shock and vividly red in his face. The water dripped from his hair and down the front of his tunic. "Revenge for what?" he asked hoarsely. "For the acorns", the ranger said self-satisfied. "I suppose you remember them?" Legolas gave him a withering glance, but Aragorn did not even blink. "Don´t even try, elfling. I grew up with lord Elrond, you know." Legolas sighed. He was not going to forgive the man for a long time. But after they had eaten breakfast, and the sun nearly had tried his clothes, and Aragorn apologized to him in an almost convincing way, he gave up. He did not feel for being angry anyway. "I was going to give you this", Aragorn said as they were about to go. He untied a thin leather strap he had been wearing around his wrist – just a simple strap, shabby and pretty dirty. "It´s yours." "Mine?" "You tied it to a branch to mark the shortcut. Last time we met." Legolas stared at him. "Have you kept it?" "I didn´t want it to hang there. And in case you wanted it back." "Estel, it´s just a leather strap. I´ve got a thousand of those at home!" "Yes, but… it´s yours." Legolas sighed. "As filthy as it is, I hardly want it in my hair." Aragorn looked abashed. "I just thought… that you wanted it back. I mean, we don´t know when we´ll meet again. Perhaps not for many years." Legolas compressed his lips. "Throw it away." Aragorn hesitated. "Just throw it", said Legolas. "Throw it away! What does it matter?" Looking stubborn, Aragorn tied the strap around his wrist again. "It matters." He fastened the swords belt around his waist again and was ready to go. "You´ll come back, won´t you?" said Legolas. "I´ll come back." Three days after their farewell, Aragorn found himself listening for sounds. A twig snapped among the trees and he twirled around, certain it was Legolas who had returned. Something rustled above his head and he looked up, half hoping that the elf was stealing upon him. But Legolas had not followed him. He was already waiting, sitting on a moss-grown tree-trunk further along the path. Aragorn stopped a few steps away from him. The elf had leant his bow and quiver against the trunk, and the sun shone in his hair. He sat completely still with his legs stretched and the pale face turned towards the sun. The trees swayed peacefully with their branches, making the shadows of their leaves dance over the elf and wrapping him in a green light. Aragorn said nothing. What could he say? "I guessed you would pass by here sooner or later", Legolas said. Aragorn gave no answer at once. Then he asked: "Were you waiting for me?" "Yes. There was something I wanted to ask you." "What?" Legolas hesitated. For a long while, it was quiet. "Caladorn told my father I had met you in the forest", Legolas said finally. "Of course, he didn´t know who you were, but ada understood it was someone I knew, and since you are the only adan I know it doesn´t give that many alternatives. He understood I had missed you. He told me that when I got home." I bird landed on the road before him, pecked at the ground, flapped its wings, and flew away again. They watched its flight, and none of them looked at the other. Legolas began to speak again. "The latest years we have kept the Shadow far away from our borders. We keep the orcs and the spiders at bay, and the forest is brighter than it has been for many years. Ada said we can spare a warrior for a while – a year, or even more than so." "Legolas… you don´t mean…" "Es- Aragorn. Ada said, that if I stay here, not because I want but because I have to, then I will be a prisoner. My duty will choke me, and I will hate Eryn Galen – hate it, even though I love it so much. But if I leave now, if I can come back when I want it, then I will do it. And then I will be ready to fight for Eryn Gale again." "You don´t", said Aragorn again, "you don´t mean…" "Aragorn." Legolas rose. Behind him, leant against the tree-trunk, stood his pack. "You said once: next time you must follow me on my journeys. Did you mean it?" "Yes." Aragorn could not stop smiling. "I meant it. I still mean it." Yellow leaves came floating down through the air. Sun and shadows chased each other across the ground. Then he threw his pack aside and embraced Legolas, and suddenly he began to laugh. He laughed so hard he could barely stand, and he tried to lean against Legolas – but the elf laughed just as much as he did. It ended with them staggering and falling over in a heap on the ground. Aragorn took a deep breath to calm down and sat up. Legolas sat up as well, his hair settling down like a golden waterfall over his shoulders, as unruly and untamed as himself. " Mellon-nin ", Aragorn said. "You are completely mad." Legolas gave him an impish smile. "Otherwise it wouldn´t be me, would it?" Mellon-nin – my friend Ada – father Adan - human Suilad – greetings Mae govannen – well met Navaer – farewell Losto mae – sleep well Thank you so much for reading! What did you think? Please leave a review! And if you noticed any grammatical or linguistically errors, please tell me! I may not correct it in an already published story, but I´ll think of it to next time.