up to clasp her gently to him, planted a kiss upon her brow that made her smile. Possessed of his father's warmth and humour and his mother's exuberance, Theo's easy charm shone brightly; a contrast to his frail and awkward frame. "How is he?" Concern quickly clouded her brother's fair features. Part of Faramir wanted to protest that they were speaking about him, but he knew his son the healer would have his report. Theo ran quickly through his questions and Fin answered as best she could. "Yes he can hear, but his speech is not clear. He has little strength and has difficulty swallowing. His left side does not seem to move at all." Then came the questions to him in his son's working voice, deeper and assured. Faramir wanted to smile, but this time his mouth did not listen. As he answered as best he could with thought and gesture, he in turn searched his youngest for the changes that came always on. To his practiced eye it seemed Theo's back and hands were yet more cramped, the tendons tight as the muscles ever weakened. It is peacetime he thought and my children are fighting other battles: Elboron with his Prince in far off Rhun; Finduilas the whole world it seemed for a while, but now just the Company of Ithilien; Theomund an endless rear guard action against the body that betrayed him inch by inch. A thin hand picked up his own gnarled fingers from upon the bed. Over his shoulder Thalon's fair features creased as he touched his companion's thoughts. " He has waited for you." Theo looked back. Tears were quickly brushed away. " I know." "Rest now, Father. We will talk in the morn." A hand helped Theo up while Bron passed over his canes. Faramir heard then the familiar tack , tack , tack upon the wooden floor. My son is home . Thalon, by the door, turned briefly back. Grey eyes as bright as winter starlight saw clearly the fear that coiled within Faramir's heart, carried from that moment as a child, they first knew of Theo's fate. Eowyn was always braver for him than I . It was the hardest duty to lay down, caring for one's child. " My Lord we will all watch over and care for him, as he in turn cares for us. I pledge you I will be all that he needs for as long as he has." The ellon bowed gracefully and slipped silently away. It would be enough. Fear flowed away like water and like a muddy stream that joined a crystal river, it was gone. ~~~000~~~ Through the bright and chill next day the house swelled comfortably with friends and children, though quieter than it was wont to be at Yule or Mid-summer's Eve. His grandsons came and he had kissed them all in turn. His children sat near, for Theo and the King had said it would not now be very long. He thought that they were right, for indeed he tired of the effort. Drifting for so many days, he asked at last what day it was and found it was the 26th: It hurt a little to have forgotten how close it was. This was the day so long ago the horn of Gondor last rang throughout the realm, its voice heeded but answered far too late. Brother it is time. ~~~000~~~ Ithil had risen and through the window its silver glow filled his failing sight. The owl called once more. As its mournful note died away he thought he was mistaken, he heard the drumbeat of a horse's hooves. Surely it was but a figment of his hazy thoughts. His lashes felt heavy as the night. Gratefully he laid them down and felt the bubble next his heart ease at last. He was freed. Faramir rose then and the man who took to his feet had no grey upon the raven waves and wore the white tree upon his leather jerkin. No sound did his footfalls make as his worn boots paced across the floor. The hand that touched each of them in blessing bore the many cuts and blemishes of battle once again. Yearning had made his spirit nearly solid; the night birds chattered in surprise as he crossed the veranda and walked out into the snow-bound garden. Gleaming silver in the moonlight, Windfola stood and tossed his head, a snow devil whirled behind him in his wake. His mistress slid lightly off his back. Clad in white, her hair a waterfall of sunlight, it was silvered just a little by the moon. With relief he saw her face undimmed by time and care: the face he always saw within as the years slipped slowly by. Suddenly Faramir was in her arms, the place he had ached to be again for every minute: between the longing and the act have lain a score of years. 'Wyn." His sigh mingled with the moonlit air and rushed outward to enfold her. His lips rested upon her hair. Poised again as if upon the walls, the snow devil whirled around them; gold and raven strands mingled together in its swirl. ""Come my love, tarry no more." She reached up and pressed a kiss upon his lips. Both the kiss and her body against his chest felt cool and light, as substantial as his sigh. "Lay your duties down." Gladly now he did. He swung up onto Windfola's back and lifted Eowyn before him. Together they took reins in hand and turned to westward. They set their path: to follow Earendil's star throughout the dim, unto the Doors of Night. . . . A/N : Owls in Celtic and ancient mythology have long been symbols of vision and dreaming and as heralds of death, guide souls to the underworld. The image of Windfola and the snowdevil was inspired by Michael Murphy's song Wildfire. Thanks to the ladies of the Garden of Ithilien