He was holding a document, one I recognized. "Too much. You are banished forthwith from the kingdom of Rohan." "You have no authority here!" Eomer railed, a scowl on his face as he fought those holding him. "You orders mean nothing!" "These orders do not come from me," Grima said, smirk widening. "They come from the king. He signed it this morning." "No!" I shouted, nearly using the voice my mother had gifted me with upon birth. No one seemed to notice however, as Eomer was dragged away. I struggled to get to his side, and I heard one of my captors ask what was to be done with me. "Throw him in with the marshal," Grima ordered. "One is as dangerous as the other." We were dragged down the steps of the Golden Hall and thrown to the ground outside. Hama's face was regretful, even apologetic. "You have one day to ride beyond Rohan's borders," he instructed us, throwing our weapons to us. "If you are found within this country by the stroke of midnight tomorrow, you will be put to the death in the swiftest execution of law." I took Eomer's hand as he got to his feet, allowing him to help me stand, and I looked up to see Hama's eyes move from mine to Eomer's. "Ride hard," he said softly, turning away. "What are you thinking of?" I open my eyes sleepily, jolted out of my memory dream. Fingers softly caress my hair, drawing the strands back from my face. I look up, not removing my head from my lover's breast, my light brown eyes meeting chocolate. "The past," I say softly, resting my chin on his strong chest, my arms reaching up so that my hands lay on his shoulders. "Our last few months."I push myself up on an elbow. "Eomer, promise me that whatever happens, you will go on with life." His eyes search mine, hands enclosing my face. "Lyris..." There is pain there, but I see that strength in his eyes, uncertain as it is. "I will promise- but only if you swear the same to me." There is silence, and I know I must promise him this. I wonder of life without him, of a Rohan without her new Second Marshal. Without him, I, who am now Third Marshal, would become the Second Marshal, and if the king fell- I stop my thoughts and lower myself, kissing him softly. "I promise," I whisper. "Now that that is settled, let us look now to happy thoughts- happy thoughts and memories." His brows furrow as he stares into me, but his eyes are dreamy, and I know he is thinking of our triumphant ride into Helm's Deep. His hands caress my head as I close my eyes again, listening to the rhythm of his heart. My own mind drifts, and it is not long before I begin to think of that ride as well. It was beautiful. There is perhaps no happier time for a Rohirrim than when he is atop his horse, and I was no different. It is often said that a Rider loves his horse more than his wife; I do not know if this is true, but it is certain that I love my mare Redylfeld nearly as much as I love Eomer- and as we approached the hill, I could feel her anxiety. Mithrandir led us to the pass, where he and Eomer stood for a moment to gaze at the scene below. I stood behind Eomer faithfully, the helm upon my head shining in the sun, my eyes waiting for the signal. Finally, it came. "Forth, Eorlingas!" Redylfeld fluidly exploded into motion as the call went out, her exhilaration and my adrenaline riding at equally high motion. It was not long before she had caught up to Hirithalas, and as Eomer pounded down the mountain, I and Gandalf the Grey rode at his sides. My blood sang in my veins as we crashed into the Uruk forces, breaking like waves on the shore, the clang of swords ringing in the air. I slashed the head from an Uruk as I entered the fray, then tore out a throat with the tip of my sword, dragging it across to plunge into the eye of a third. Redylfeld and Hirithlas kept perfect stride even whilst wading through the Uruk ranks, allowing Eomer and I to execute a series of coordinated attacks. We were one unit, one force, one soul. Six years, but that moment set into motion the culmination of tonight. And now we ride to Gondor in the morning, I think, and though under the covers, held in the arms of the man I love and who loves me, I cannot help but feel a coldness creep into my heart. I feel lips at my forehead, and I sigh, snuggling tighter against him. The words of King Theoden come to me: "No, we cannot defeat them. But we will meet them in battle nonetheless." We will meet them in battle, but will we be victorious? Aragorn, the elf, and the dwarf have left our forces. It is they, part of a team, that led the rest of the Eorlingas to victory at Helm's Deep- without them, I wonder just how high our chances of success can be. I wonder if I will lose my life, or if both I and Eomer will succumb to battle. More importantly, I wonder if Eomer will be taken and I let to live. I draw in a sigh, resolving to be strong. A Rider's first loyalty is king, over love, over land, over pride. Eomer's voice echoes in my head. "Riders of Rohan! Oaths you have taken! Now let them be fulfilled!" Yes, oaths I have taken- not only to king, though, but to friend, to lover... An oath to go on, no matter what happens. An oath I will keep. An oath I will keep, I think drowsily as I fall asleep.