Glorfindel were going to talk about this once and for all. He grabbed a pen and paper and began to write. Glorfindel didn't know what to do any more Erestor still didn't seem to be any different, even after all the gifts. He thought about giving up but he was not quitter. This morning he entered Erestor's office knowing it was empty and found something surprising. On the space where he put his letters there was a letter that said 'To my admirer' it was for him, Erestor was writing a letter for him. He picked it up and left his letter in its place and went back to his room. He quickly opened the letter, almost tearing it and read it with enthusiasm. 'To my admirer, I have read your letters and received you gifts these many weeks and have taken interest in them. I would like to meet you if you have time. If you want to then tell my where and when we should meet in your next letter, however if you do not wish to meet yet then that it fine. Whatever you choice I will accept it Yours sincerely Erestor' Glorfindel read the twice before celebrating to himself. He had done it! He had gained a response! What should he do now? He should reply but not send the letter for about three days to keep him waiting for a bit, yes it was perfect. Erestor waited anxiously for three days before he received another letter. He started at the envelope wondering if he should open it. Since he had sent his request to meet with Glorfindel the letters from him had stopped and he had been silently panicking. He had been thinking that had ruined the whole thing or maybe Glorfindel was joking and was now mocking him behind his back but when he saw the letter this morning he sighed in relief. So, why was he hesitating to open it? He was afraid about what it said. After who knows how long he finally opened the letter. 'My dearest Erestor, I would love to meet you. How about we meet at the old gazebo at 8:00 tomorrow night. It's not the most romantic place I know but it is very private, no one would disturb us there. It does not matter what you wear and I will bring us something nice to eat and drink so please do not worry about such small things. I look forward to meeting you dearest one, until then your admirer' Erestor felt his heart flip and his nerves burn he couldn't wait. But hold a minuet Glorfindel wanted to meet him tomorrow night. He only a day to get ready but he also had work to do. He wouldn't leave work just for a date. He made the decision to stay up all night and do tomorrows work. In the morning he would work fast to gather all the reports he needed and give them to lord Elrond. Then he if he could he would get a few hours of sleep before getting ready for his date. He sat at his desk and began to work faster than normal. He smiled as he worked because tomorrow he was finally going to make his dreams come true. Glorfindel smiled in victory as he practiced throughout the day. If anyone asked why he was happy he would just say that today was a good day. He knew Erestor would accept his invitation to meet and couldn't wait much longer. Of course he wasn't going to show up and he had picked the most secluded spot in Rivendell, so no one would know. Erestor checked himself in the mirror again and again making sure he looked perfect. He had run around Rivendell all day trying to get his work done as quickly as possible. He had delivered his reports to Lord Elrond and politely refused his offer for tea and cake. He had not gotten any sleep like he wanted to and he was exhausted. But that was not going to stop him from meeting Glorfindel. He still had an hour before they had to meet but he wanted to leave early, in case he kept Glorfindel waiting. He picked up a rose with a pink ribbon tied around it a common gift to give on a first date. He checked himself once more and left. Erestor arrived at the old gazebo forty minutes early. He dusted off a seat sat down. The old gazebo was an abandoned gazebo that was not maintained anymore. It quite a walk away from any other part of Rivendell. It was a place most people visited. But as the years went on the elves built better gazebo's closer to Rivendell and this one was forgotten. Erestor had been one of the few elves that had still visited this place, he found it peaceful and was never disturbed. He thought the place was charmingly rustic, he could see why Glorfindel would choose such a place. With the rose in hand he sat and waited for Glorfindel to show up. Glorfindel snuck through the bushes and flowers as he made his way to the old gazebo. When he got close he move away a few branches and saw Erestor sat there. He covered his mouth to stop himself from snorting in laugher. His plan had worked Erestor was waiting for him, thinking that he actually wanted to meet him. He took a longer look and saw Erestor was dressed very nicely. He didn't wear his black robes like always instead he was wearing a red velvet robe. He had braided his hair and was wearing a golden clip to keep it in place. Glorfindel had to admit he did look quite fetching. Well no matter it was time to leave. When he saw Erestor tomorrow he would doubt be upset and Glorfindel would drop small hints about his date until that stone mask of his crumbled.