they shared at times. It was as if they both were thinking of something sad, and sometimes they realised the other one was thinking of it too and then they looked at each other as if saying 'it´s a sad thing, really,' and the other one shrugged like 'yes, it sure is.' Later on she noticed something like sadness among the other elves too. It was subtle, so subtle she wondered if she imagined it, but it was there – a sort of longing in their voices as they sung, a sort of desperation in their laughter. And there were those looks, and the things they did when they thought no one saw: putting their hand to a tree or casting a glance at the stars as if it was the last time they´d see them. Time passed so quickly. Rosie must have been worried sick. When they left, the elves were also preparing to leave: packing down the food and the tables, taking the silver lamps from the trees. It was still dark, the moon and stars throwing their white light upon the world, mists hanging low, dew glittering. Elanor yawned. She could have fallen asleep where she stood. "We may walk through the Shire on our way back", Legolas said as they were about to go. "Keep an eye out for us, won´t you?" "Of course I will", Sam said. "I might even follow you a while along the rode. You´ll be quite a small company when you come back, I suppose. You might need someone to cheer you up." Legolas smile was sad as he replied. "You´re more than welcome. It´ll feel strange when Eithel is gone. It might be a hundred of years before we meet again – or even more than that – and even though it isn´t much for him, or for Merilin, or my father... well, it´s quite a great part of my life. And yet I cannot wish for time to go faster, because that´ll mean I wish Estel to die sooner, and - " "And that´s why you should stop thinking", Sam said. "You´re thinking too much. If you ask me, the problem with you elves is that you´re so used to having all time in the world, you get confused when you suddenly haven´t. But if you spend all your time trying to decide what is a good thing to think and what is not, time is simply going to run away with you and suddenly you stand there and you haven´t used your precious time as you should have done." Legolas frowned. "Perhaps you´re right", he said after a while. "Our time in Middle Earth is limited, and it´s never been before. Is that what you mortals do? Try not to think of it?" "We try", Sam said, "and some succeeds. Those are the happy ones, I believe. The thought of how fast time runs away really can be frightening, but you just have to accept it, and then you can live on without bothering about it. That´s what I do, a least, but maybe it´s a hobbit-thing." "Hobbit-things are good things, I believe", Legolas said. It astonished Elanor that an elf would say that – if hobbit-things were good, what mustn´t elf-things be? - but they didn´t care about her, so she didn´t say anything. They were absorbed in things she didn´t understand, and somehow she felt she wouldn´t understand even if they explained it to her. "I really must go now", Sam said. "You take care of yourself, and we´ll meet again soon. And don´t worry. It´ll all be fine." "It´s been good to talk to you", Legolas said. "I don´t exactly feel better, but I feel like I´ll manage, and that´s enough for now. I don´t know if I believe that Estel will come to Valinor, but if he doesn´t – no, I won´t think of that. You´re right. It wont help thinking of it." "You said earlier all things come to an end", Sam replied. "So does the bad things. So even if you would have to live without Strider a long time – well, that time would end one day, and you´d see him again. Or perhaps you´d die too, but then you wouldn´t know you missed him. But I really, really have to go now. Farewell!" "Till next time", Legolas said. Sam set of, Elanor stumbling with sleepiness by his side. He held the lantern and it swung to and fro in it´s handle, the yellow light dancing. The road meandered up a little hill and from the top they could see the lights of Hobbiton and the reflection of the moon in the windows. Elanor looked back. Far below a long trail of grey shapes, each holding a lamp, some leading white horses carrying their luggage, were about to set of to the west. She could see the elven-king, easily recognizable in his silk robes and flower crown, and she thought she could see Legolas with his hair of spun gold. The sky had turned a lighter grey, reddening by the horizon. Pale colours spread over the Shire. A fox slipped through the high grass; far away deer grazed in the edge of the forest. Elanor looked at the elves again. Stars still glinted in their hair, but some colour was brought to their grey cloaks; some turned out to be pale green, others blue. The light of their lamps was bleached, but no doubt they would look as fair in the light of dawn. But it wasn´t dawn to them, Elanor thought. To them it was nightfall, slowly fading away into darkness. Though she didn´t know why she thought so. Ada - father Ion-nin - my son It´s unorganized, overdone, clichéed, and I totally overused the word 'silver'... bear with me. At least after a year of fanfiction-only writer´s block I have finished a story! Thank you for reading, and please make a poor author happy and leave a review! :)