bird — a gray hawk — who would carry messages even within Gondor. Halda gazed into the shining black eyes of the creature, wondering how it had been trained to do such a thing. He also wondered over the identity of the queen's 'Shadow'. That he was an assassin seemed obvious — though his victims never seemed harmed except for their frozen expressions of fear — and Halda had suffered many moments of sheer terror in the night when he would awake to the feeling that someone was in the room with him. Of course, no one had ever been there. Looking around carefully, making sure that he was absolutely alone, Halda took a wire from his pocket and held it to the heat of the small lantern that lit the dark interior of the aviary. When the wire began to glow hot, he expertly slid it under the queen's seal, slicing the wax disk neatly away and opening the scroll. His dark eyes flicked down the contents. The orders were disguised and layered in secrecy, but he could guess a good deal and he discovered — as he had suspected — that the queen had not actually divulged all her plans to him. Not at all. For a moment he stood, wondering to what use he might put these disturbing hints, but realizing immediately how dangerous was the ground upon which he was walking. One way or another he did not intend for Mavranor to rule until she died of old age. He had thoughts and plans locked up within his own shadowy mind of which his queen was utterly unaware. But as incredibly urgent as this moment seemed, he knew he had not survived so long by moving hastily. Rolling the scroll back up he took the wax seal and held it carefully before the flame until the back turned soft again, allowing him to reaffix it as though it had never been removed. After he placed the scroll in an oilskin pouch and secured it to the bird's leg, he stood for a moment lost in thought. This proved, if any proof had been truly needed, just how latently ruthless Mavranor was. He pushed his hair back again, feeling so very tired. It was becoming difficult to think, crafty as he was. The queen's presence seemed to cloud the air and madden the senses. He would not allow himself to wonder if this was too great an ambition, too complicated a plan; but his head ached as he considered his options. Sudden action would not be wise, but complete inaction could mean disaster and a bloody end to more than just his secrets. April 3 Minas Tirith, Gondor Duurben was being followed. He had sensed it from the moment he had left the dining hall and after sixty-five years as a soldier he had learned to trust his instincts. Reaching up he pushed his gray hair from his face, using the motion to cover his quick glance at the polished surface of a shield hanging on the wall. Sure enough, as clear as any mirror, it showed the flicker of a head being pulled back out of sight a few yards behind him. The only question now was what he ought to do about it, and he hated to admit that he was uncertain. Likely it was best to accept the inevitable. There came a time when one had to admit one's age, and Duurben had found himself doing it a lot lately; especially in the last week. Not that he was decrepit yet by any means— The thought was cut off midway as the Captain of the King's Guard paid dearly for his inattention. A warbled war-cry sounded just as the weight of his attacker crashed into the back of his knees, sending him lurching forward. Old reflexes stood him in good stead, allowing him as he fell to simultaneously twist around and disentangle the arms grabbing at him. Before he had even recovered his breath, he had raised himself back to a crouch and pinioned his struggling foe against his chest, waiting for the boy's laughter and cries of protest to die down before he finally released him. "Your highness, I would beg you to reconsider your choice of targets if I thought it would do any good," Duurben sighed, rising to a standing position without wasting time to mourn his loss of dignity. Eldarion smiled broadly up at him, the boy's elvishly pointed ears lending his face an aura of mischief all its own. "It's not at all fair! I tackle Ada all the time, but it only works when he's letting me, which is no fun at all, and Uncle Legolas doesn't even let me. Naneth says no wrestling girls, Captain Erynbenn spends all his time at home now, Uncle Elladan and Uncle Elrohir haven't been here in ages, and Captain Eression's gone with Ada! That only leaves you and Mr. Pippin, and he says all the jumping gives him shivery joints, liver spots, baldness, bruises, and heart attacks. I've only caught you three times this week anyway." Duurben bit back another sigh, wishing a plague upon the cheeky halfling; especially since Peregrin Took knew full well of the heir of Gondor's propensity for trying his budding combat skills on unsuspecting warriors. If the kind-hearted Eldarion decided to spare Pippin on the basis of these fabled medical complaints, that would only leave Duurben as a viable target. And the Gondorian captain would sooner declare himself the reincarnation of Sauron than complain out loud in the presence of anyone he served. "As you wish, of course," he said with a short bow. "Before you attempt a fourth attack, however, you may wish to go down to the courtyard. Your father and mother have just arrived." He indicated the window with a short nod of his head and by the time his focus came back to Eldarion, the young prince was already long gone. TBC…