a moment before replying "I just wanted to see what it looked like." Glorfindel stared at the child for a moment. "I understand that, but now I need to know why." Sabriel looked away from her guardian. "I don't know why." She stated softly. She hoped that he would believe her and not question her further. It was a futile hope. Glorfindel looked steadily at the girl "Sabriel, last night you told me you thought you could see them in the sword. Who were you talking about?" Sabriel looked at the floor in silence. "Child, you have never lied to me. Why are you doing so now?" Glorfindel asked in a shocked voice. "I'm not lying!" Sabriel protested indignantly. Glorfindel sighed in exasperation "That may be true but you are not telling me the complete truth are you?" Sabriel looked at her guardian tearfully "You will be angry." Glorfindel looked carefully at the girl "I am already angry that you caused yourself harm by disobeying me. I will not get any angrier by your reason for doing so." "I wanted to see my family in your sword. I wanted to know if they were with the Valar in the halls beyond the sea." Sabriel replied in a rush. Glorfindel looked at the elfling in puzzlement. "You thought you could see your family in my sword?" "Yes, because it was a gift from the Valar." Sabriel replied in a whisper. "Why do you think this Sabriel?" Glorfindel asked gently "I heard two of the Elders say that you could see into Valinor and the Halls beyond the sea when you looked into gifts from the Valar. Your sword is from the Valar so I thought I could see if my family was there." Sabriel replied shakily Glorfindel looked at his small charge compassionately. "Tithen-pen, that is a legend that the elders were speaking of. It is not fact." Seeing the child still had doubts he retrieved his sword and showed the flat of the blade to Sabriel. "Do you see anything?" he asked gently. Sabriel looked carefully into the blade "No" she replied sadly. Glorfindel then turned the blade so he could gaze into it. "I don't either. It is a legend, Sabriel, nothing more." "You could have saved yourself much trouble had you simply asked me about this aerwithen." Glorfindel continued "Why did you not talk to me about this?" "I thought you might get angry if I asked to see Valinor and my family." Sabriel replied "You never talk about the Valar or Valinor and I thought maybe it was …sac..sac..sacre" "Sacrilegious?" Glorfindel supplied. "Yes that's the word." Sabriel confirmed. "Sabriel, you may ask any questions you need to of me. I will not get angry, although there may be some I choose not to answer until you are older. It is never wrong to speak of the Valar, it is a topic of much discussion and debate by elves who are far older then you." Sabriel nodded solemnly, thinking about Glorfindel's words. "Now, there is the matter of your disobedience that we must discuss." Glorfindel continued, looking sternly at the young elf. "Did I not make it very clear to you that you were never to touch any weapon without my permission and supervision?" Glorfindel asked. "Yes, Glorfindel" came the soft reply. " You may not leave our quarters for the next two weeks." Glorfindel reached down and tilted the elflings chinupso eye contact was made. "You will never touch my sword or any other weapon without my supervision." "I won't ever again." the elfling promised tearfully Glorfindel picked up Sabriel and carried her into his study.Glorfindel turned an armchair into a corner and sat Sabriel in it. "You will sit in this chair and think about what has happeneduntil I say you may move." Glorfindel instructed. Glofindel moved to his desk and began to write in a scroll. He watched the child out of the corner of his eye. The young elfling curled into a ball and stared miserably at the wall. An hour later a tray with two meals was delivered to Glorfindel's quarters. "Come Sabriel, it is time for lunch." Glorfindel called to the girl. Sabriel sat quietly across from her guardian as they ate lunch. The cooks, Glorfindel noticed with some amusement, had sent all of the child's favorite foods. When they finished eating and the dishes had been cleared away Glorfindel picked up the elfling and settled her on the sofa in his study. "Sabriel, you may read or draw but you must stay on the sofa." The afternoon passed quietly, as the evening approached Sabriellimped over to the window to watch the sunset. Glorfindel noticing this walked over and lifted the girl into his arms. Together they watched the sunset and the first stars appear in the twilight. "Tithten-pen are you worried that your kin are not with the Valor?" Glorfindel asked the girl softly Sabriel looked sadly at her guardian "Yes, I wish I knew they were safe." " Yende your kin are safe. I promise you that. The Valor never abandon their people." Replied Glorfindel. "Someday I will tell you why I know this to be true. For now you must believe me." Glorfindel watched the child he held carefully. Sabriel looked the ancient elf lord for a long moment. "I believe you Adar." She said softly as she rested her head against his shoulder. Glorfindel smiled into the night as he held the small elfling who had captured his heart so very effectively. Someday he would tell her the truth about his knowledge of the Valor and their halls. For now she believed his words, and that was enough to give her peace. Elvish Translations Heniach nin (Do I have your understanding) Q Tancave Hir Glorfindel (I understand, Lord Glorfindel -spoken to an Eldar by a child) Mellon-nin (My Friend) Tithen-pen-( Small one or little one -Term of Endearment) Yende (Daughter) Adar (Father) Aerwithen (Little bird -Term of endearment)