a push towards the group of Mirkwood elves. "Take care of your comrade, if I see him again tonight I will do more then just punch him." Erestor stared at the development of things with a stunned expression. Glorfindel was quite intimidating in his fury. He was still leaning heavily against the tree, slightly out of breath and had an awful lingering taste of alcohol in his mouth. Glorfindel's face was still hard when he approached Erestor again but as he got closer it softened and he actually looked a little worried. "Are you alright?" He placed his hand on a slender shoulder. "Aye, I'm fine." He couldn't suppress a blush when Glorfindel looked him over. "Thank you," he added softly. He glanced at the hand that still lay upon his shoulder, the warrior followed his gaze and removed the hand with a sheepish grin. "You're welcome. I was actually looking for you." "Really? And why is that?" "Remember that dance you promised me?" He frowned. "I can't recall that I promised you anything." "No maybe not, but I said I would make sure that I got a dance and I think it would only be a fair prize to your rescuer," Glorfindel grinned. Erestor rolled his eyes. "I'll have you know that I was doing just fine without you." "Oh really, it didn't look like it." He snorted and crossed his arms. "Do you think me unable to defend myself Captain? You actually saved him just in time from receiving a knee in the crotch." An angry flush was forming on Erestor's cheeks which Glorfindel found absolutely adorable. He smiled and held out his hands in a peace gesture. "Fine, I'm sorry Erestor I'm sure you're able to defend yourself very well on your own. I just gave you a little helping hand. Now come and dance with me." "Why do you persist?" He said frowning. "Because I want to dance with you." Erestor sighed. "There a lot of other elves that would be more then happy to dance with you, Glorfindel." "Maybe, but I'm asking you now." "It's too hot and stuffy in there and I don't like big crowds." "We can here the music from here," Glorfindel smiled smugly. "Are you suggesting that we dance out here?" Erestor wondered disbelievingly. "Why not?" The warrior whispered huskily as he took a step forward and drew him close with a hand on his hip. When Erestor's hand was grasped by a large calloused one, he started to protest but was quickly hushed. "A dance won't kill you, Erestor." "No, but-" he started to say but stopped himself, he couldn't really fight that logic. A dance maybe wasn't such a bad idea after all, at least if they stayed out here where no one would see them. His protests seemed to fall on deaf ears anyway so he decided to indulge the warrior and placed his hand on Glorfindel's broad shoulder. The blond elf's smile widened and Erestor yelped when he was drawn even closer, pressed against a firm chest. The place was silent now except for the low music that carried from the Hall. Neither of them said anything, they merely danced a slow swaying dance and Erestor hesitantly leaned into the embrace. After a while Glorfindel bent down to nuzzle his neck and instead of feeling disgust like with the drunken elf, this time he felt a warm tingling feeling in his body. The warrior's special scent was intoxicating and he discreetly took a deep breath of it. Since he had gotten this far Glorfindel decided to try his luck a little further. He let go of Erestor's hand and slipped it around his lithe waist and rested both his hands on the dark elf's lower back. Erestor frowned at him and looked rather ridiculous with his hand still raised in the air. Glorfindel decided to give him a hint, so he tilted his head towards his shoulder with a knowing smile. After a moment the message sunk in and Erestor placed the hand on his shoulder. With both his hands resting on the warrior's shoulders and arms wrapped around his waist it felt more like a hug than a dance to Erestor, but he chose not to complain about the rather enjoyable situation. When he looked up he met Glorfindel's sky blue eyes and felt his heart racing when the golden elf leaned down with slightly parted lips. He licked his lips nervously but didn't pull away. The blond stopped just before their lips touched and waited with a questioning look. Erestor gave him a small nod and with that Glorfindel closed the small space between them and pressed their lips together. The kiss was tentative at first but soon Erestor felt a hand leave his lower back and travelled to cup the back of his head as a tongue pressed against his lips, asking for entrance. After a moment of hesitation he parted his lips and let the questioning tongue enter his mouth. Instead of roughly plundering it like the loathsome red-haired elf had done, Glorfindel took his time as he gently explored every inch of his mouth. Erestor was glad that the warrior had a firm grip on his waist when he felt his own legs turn to jelly. He wrapped his arms around Glorfindel's neck and loved the feeling of skilful hands massaging his scalp. When they eventually broke apart they both were smiling sheepishly. "Well this was an unexpected turn of events." Erestor finally said, slightly out of breath. "But not too unpleasant I hope." Glorfindel wiggled an eyebrow. "No." Erestor smiled and with a grip on the blond tresses leaned in for another kiss. "Not at all." He whispered before their lips met for a second time that night. The End ---------------------------------------------------------- I hope you liked it, please review! Now that I got this out of my system I will continue to write on my Estel story that is about halfway done.