"you'll see. You might even like some of them." He smiled wickedly. "Miracles may happen." "Are you making fun of me?" asked Aragorn. "Only a little," replied Greenleaf, "besides, you need it every now and then. Keeps you humble." "Huh. Snooty Elf." They passed the remains of Isengard on their way. The tall rock-like tower still stood in its encircling wall, surrounded by a shallow lake, part of the River Isen. Empty now, it had none of the menace it had carried earlier, when it had been inhabited by Saruman and his army of Uruk-hai. Greenleaf smirked as he looked across. "It looks quite charming now, doesn't it?" he said. "Much more cheerful than it used to," agreed Aragorn, "rather scenic even." They rode on through the Fords of Isen, the water splashing up round their horse's legs. The sun had gone behind clouds, though it stayed quite warm. They followed their path through the Westfold, riding over the great grassy plains of Rohan. Suddenly, Greenleaf's sharp eyes caught sight of something before them. "There are riders approaching." "Friendly ones?" asked Aragorn. He squinted ahead and fancied that he could just see dust rising. "Maybe." Greenleaf continued to watch as they drew closer. Suddenly he smiled. "It's Éomer and his riders!" It did not take long for the company of riders to reach them. With a thunder of galloping hooves they came to a halt before the pair of travellers. Éomer, the very tall young man who rode in front, removed his high-plumed helmet as he recognised the riders. "Legolas!" he greeted the Elf. "I have not seen you since you visited with that Dwarf friend of yours." "Nor I you, surprisingly," responded Greenleaf, with a hint of sarcasm, "and Gimli is quite well, thank you for asking." Gimli and Éomer had not got on too well when they met, to Greenleaf's amusement. "And Aragorn," Éomer went on unabashed, "it is good to see you again." "And you, Éomer," said Aragorn, nodding at the man. "Where are you heading?" asked Éomer. "It is already Autumn, the leaves are beginning to fall." "On a brief holiday," answered Greenleaf. "Really," said Éomer, looking sceptical. "Where is there to the East?" "I'm told Minas Tirith is quite charming," said Greenleaf. It wouldn't hurt to tell him that, he decided. "I won't ask," said Éomer, "I know you too well. At least, well enough. I hear there's a bit of a situation over that way. You'd better be careful." "With him around?" said Aragorn, indicating Greenleaf with a wave of his hand. "I'll be lucky if we get by with being merely a bit reckless." "Thank you so much," said Greenleaf, "though you have to admit, I get results." "Blind luck," said Aragorn, though he muttered it very quietly. Greenleaf ignored him. Éomer turned to his riders. "Carry on," he ordered them, "I shall catch you up directly." Obediently, the riders spurred their horses and rode on, many acknowledging Greenleaf and Aragorn with a nod, recognising them from their previous sojourn in Rohan. Soon, the group of riders was some distance away. "If you need any help," said Éomer, "I'll be happy to be of assistance. I expect you'll be in touch with Gandalf, and he can get in touch with me." "Thank you," said Greenleaf, a little surprised. "I hope we don't have to take you up on it." "So do I, but don't be afraid to." Éomer replaced his helmet over his long yellow hair. "And now I must take my leave. Farewell!" He rode off after his riders, his horse's hooves pounding the ground. He was quickly lost to distance. Aragorn turned to Greenleaf as they rode on. "I didn't know that U was in contact with the Rohirrim." "He's got people everywhere, it seems," answered Greenleaf, "but this contact must have been made since we were here. How else do you think he always knows what's going on?" "I never really thought about it," admitted Aragorn. "Does he have anyone in Minas Tirith?" "Not anymore apparently. He muttered something about a mysterious disappearance." "That's a good premonition then," said Aragorn, irony heavy in his voice. "What are the chances of that happening to us?" "Quite high, I expect," said Greenleaf unworriedly. In the end it took them some days to reach Minas Tirith from their start in Rivendell. Arod and Hasufel were both fine horses, of Rohan stock, but they were tired when they reached journey's end. As they reached the top of a rise Greenleaf and Aragorn finally saw the great city of Minas Tirith before them. Stopping, they took in the sight. The city, designed of seven concentric circles, was a great white structure, a testament to the architecture of men. "We'll have to wait until nightfall," said Greenleaf. "What, here?" asked Aragorn. Greenleaf looked around. "Over by those trees there looks like a good spot," he said. "I should have guessed," grumbled Aragorn, "predictable Wood-Elves." "There's nothing wrong with trees," sniffed Greenleaf as they headed over. They dismounted and let the horses graze while they sat at the base of one tree. Greenleaf pulled some lembasbread out of his pack and passed some to Aragorn. They ate in silence for a while, watching the cloud-obscured sun crawl slowly across the sky, ever so slowly. "What's our first move when we get in?" asked Aragorn eventually. "Our best bet would be to find the guard captain I met with last time I was here," replied Greenleaf, "Captain Welch. He seemed to be quite up with what was going on." "Contacting a member of the authorities? Sounds like a sure-fire way to get caught to me." "Welch is a little different. Rather independent, I'd say." "Well, I hope you're right." "Aren't I always?" asked Greenleaf. He grinned, leaning back against the tree. "Don't bother to answer that." Aragorn didn't, and they sat fairly comfortably, waiting for dark. It wouldn't be long, and then they could properly begin their mission.