chairs, next to her bed. "I'm not tired..." she stifled a yawn. Orophin chuckled. "Really?" "Okay, maybe a little..." she rubbed her eyes, innocently. "Can you tell me a story? Naneth always tells me one." The brothers glanced at each other. "And do not think it is just for elleths. Ellons tell them too." she added. "Please?" she practically begged. "Alright..." said Orophin, unsure of what story. "Hannon Le. Please make it funny! Like, Rumil says one sentence, and you continue the next with made up ideas! You can make them ridiculous too! And please let it be long. Want a drink first? Morwen gave two glasses for me, knowing you'd be here." she poured them two glasses of 'water' and handed them to the puzzled brothers. They drank them and Rumil glanced at Orophin to start. Orophin gave a grin before saying, "There once lived a grumpy old elf, named Haldir the Grump." Ithil suppressed a giggle as she hugged her pillow. "He lived with his two brothers; Rumil the Good-looking and Orophin the...Less Good-looking." Ithil stuffed her knuckles in her mouth to stop giggling as Orophin glared at his smirking younger brother. "Haldir the Grump was sitting down on a rock, being grumpy as usual, when a beautiful elleth came walking by." said Orophin, with narrowed eyes. " 'Hello' said the elleth, while Haldir was doing his usually Grump thing." said Rumil. "Then, Orophin came walking and at once the elleth fell in love with him." said Orophin, looking pleased with himself. "Rumil then came and said; 'Come with me, Melamin, for I am your true-love'." he smirked at his brother. "The beautiful elleth then said; 'No thank you, I prefer the most HANDSOME one'." said Orophin, grinning. "Rumil then blew one of his most charming kisses and immediately, the elleth changed her mind." he said, feeling good as Orophin scowled. Ithil was laughing and rolling around as the brothers began to bicker. "But then Orophin blew HIS charming kisses and then she changed her mind--" "But she then changed her mind again when Rumil dragged her AWAY FROM HIM--" "Orophin THEN began shooting his brother--" "Rumil also shooting his brother--" "And the elleth fainting at the sight of her beloved Orophin fighting for her--" "And Haldir the Grump sat on the rock again, grumbling, not knowing there was a arrow in his head." they said in unison, before falling to asleep. Ithil trilled with laughter and realized that her sleeping draught finally took over the two ellons. She kissed their foreheads before jumping off the bed and taking out a small bottle of berry dye she produced. She crept out, remembering what Morwen had said, she crept to find Legolas' room. Indeed, she found it. She crept in, trying not to wake the sleeping prince. Ithil was saying goodbye to Orophin and his brothers at the gates when— "ADA!" Legolas' cry rang through the trees. The King whirled around to find his son...with...RED HAIR? Ithil giggled as she was still in Orophin's arms, getting a good view on the top of the Prince's head. "Legolas, what happened to your hair?" his father exclaimed. "I didn't do it!" he wailed. "Ithilwen did!" "I didn't do it!" she cried. "What proof do you have? I was with Orophin and Rumil for the whole time! Tell him Orophin! Tell him Rumil! You were telling me a story, remember?" she wailed. The three March Wardens stared at her. She was never this loud or different before...maybe it was because of the Prince— "WERE you with her?" asked Haldir, arching an eyebrow. "Yes." said Rumil. "We were telling her a very nice bedtime story..." he added with a smirk. "Yes and you were in it too!" exclaimed Ithil. Orophin's and Rumil's smirk vanished when she said, "You were Haldir the Grump while Rumil was Rumil the Good-Looking and Orophin was Orophin the Less Good-Looking." The brothers nervously looked at their elder brother. "Haldir the Grump." he repeated. "Yeah! And at the end, you had an arrow in your head and you didn't notice until—oops." she went red. "You weren't supposed to hear that." "Indeed!" said Haldir, glaring at his brothers. "And your story-tellers had better watch out soon, or they'll find themselves retired from the Guard." "You wouldn't do that!" they exclaimed. "You did it anyway!" said Legolas, staring at the elleth, accusingly. "If I did, you deserve it anyway! I had to scrub off the smell and slime!" she snapped. "For once, I have to agree, my son." said King Thranduil, smiling. "So you did do it?" said Haldir. "Yes...I did. Does that mean I have to go home now?" said Ithil, sadly. "As long as you don't tear the King's palace down, then you can stay." "Really? Thanks! You're not really Haldir the Grump after all—speaking of which...what was the name of the elleth?" asked Ithil, looking at Orophin and Rumil, with raised eyebrows. The brothers glanced at each other before grinning. "Ithilwen." "WHAT? But... I wouldn't...you..." "Aw, at least you know there are two ellons who would kill each other for you." laughed Rumil. Ithil looked shocked. "At least I know by the time I'm able to wed, you'd be too old for me!" she said, grinning. "WHAT? By the time you're able to marry, we'd be 2000 or something! Unlike Haldir of course, but 2000 is still young! Including 3000!" exclaimed Orophin, pretending to be hurt. "Oh?" she cocked an eyebrow. "We must be going." said Haldir, narrowing his eyes. "Yes, Haldir? Please tell naneth and ada I love them and miss them!" she called after them. Haldir nodded as they trotted down the path. As soon as they were out of sight, King Thranduil sighed and said, "Well, I have work to do, you two better behave, alright...er...alright?" Ithil and Legolas didn't hear what he was saying—they were too busy glaring at each other. Well? What do you think? One more chapter to go! n.n;; PLZ REVIEW!