then why not see what it says below that?" "I think that's quite inane, we must get mellow milk for daemonic rituals! You heard the door!" "It says "push"" said Legolas in a deep voice. "Shut up! I'm allowed to make a mistake!" Gandalf replied as Legolas opened the door. Just then! A brief interlude started! Brief interlude Then! It stopped! A monster came out of the pond near the door and our "heroes" jumped into action with their guns! They jumped about shooting unlimited bullets into stone as they missed like in all matrix styled fight scenes. One by one the agents died off… I mean… the octopus thing… died… yeah! Think about it! Once the threat was over they went into the mines. Seeing nothing of interest, just thousands of dead and decaying bodies, they walked unhindered, except for the occasional crunch. They came to a room. It had nothing of interest, not even the blood stained diary, giant tomb, dead bodies, obvious signs of a party, obvious signs of one last beer bottle that had no owner and even less interesting, obvious signs of an-all-out-fight-to-the-death-blood-bath between some orcs and little men. I think they were called "Asgard". Then another matrix styled fight scene started. Orcs ran around on the roof and shot bullets into pillars, cave trolls fired machine guns every where and Frodo and all the other non-orc\troll beings flew around the room bouncing off pillars and walls while shooting seemingly unlimited bullets. The audience cheered, then went back to being dead. Every one died except neo, cause he's the one. Mindless zombies: " the one! " And of cause, Frodo lives. Mindless zombies: " the one! " "Oh no! a Balrog!" yelled Gandalf pointing at the shiny light…. Shiny… oooohhhh! Mindless zombies: " the one! " They ran except for the Zombies who went " the one! " continuously until they were stepped on. Then! A brief interlude started! Brief interlude. "That was amazing how we jumped all that way and did all those amazing things that… words cant describe cause they were so cool! Beamed Aragorn as arrows flew by his ears. "Yes! I'm so glad we did such great things that words cannot describe! Now! I know a spell that will destroy the Balrog! But it might cost me my sanity!" said Gandalf as if he wanted them to decided wether or not he should go ahead. "Well? What are you waiting for? To regain your sanity so this spell can make you lose it again?" "Fine then!" Gandalf walked onto the bridge. "YOU SHALL NOT PASS!" he smashed his staff into the bridge and the Balrog looked at him. Nothing happened. Then the Balrog thought that this was a waste of time and turned around. The bridge snapped and he fell to his death. "Well done Gandalf!" Frodo cheered. "I can fly! Wwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" Gandalf yelled as he jumped after the Balrog. "I'm flying! I'm flying! I'm flying! I'm falling!" Arrows flew past every ones ears and Aragorn thought back to when he was a little boy… "If you can dodge a ball, you can dodge an arrow!" or was it the other way round? Anyway, Aragorn didn't care cause he was easily dodging them. Then! A brief interlude started! Brief interlude. "I'm so glad we got out alive by doing things so cool that words cannot describe! It's also fortunate that your skull stopped the arrow from reaching your brain Aragorn!" said Frodo. "Yes! And it's also great that we saw things that words cannot describe as well. You would have had to be there to know how great that really was." Replied Pippin. "A real shame no one saw that!" "Hi! I'm Aragorn! And I think I have a memory problem!" Later that day or month or some measurement of time, they were captured by elves, sentenced to death, later found innocent, and Borimir made a long and indistinct noise which may be interpreted as talking. Then Frodo met Galadriel. She was stoned! She showed him her… birdbath? "What will I see?" He asked. "You talk funny!" she started to laugh. "No one knows." She said suddenly serious. "Not many people are sane enough to see things in birdbaths of any spiritual meaning without going on a murderous rampage afterwards. I've been stabbed twenty seven times! Anyway. You may see, the past, present, or things that may not have come to pass the health authorities expectations. Mainly McDonalds. You wouldn't believe how many times an over-sized, three-foot long, genetically modified French fry that has been under the deep fryers for over a year has stabbed me." "Twenty seven?" "Yes." "All by psycho rampaging murderers?" "No, just McDonald's staff… wait… yeah, psycho rampaging murderers." (There's no difference.) Frodo looked into the birdbath. He saw nothing of importance, Just things about the end of the world and death of all who live among Middle Alf. "I'll give you the ring." "OK." She said with a smile on her face. Then, she turned blue and glowy. "Blah, blah, blah! And I shall be a queen! A blue queen! And sing songs with subliminal messages in!" "Another one bites the dust" played in the background, and Frodo had a sudden urge to smoke marijuana. Later on in life you think to yourself "how can that guy be so muscular and single?" or "how can that single guy kill all those bad guys without being hit?" well Aragorn is busy showing off his overly exaggerated strength and agility. "Oh no! It's Aragorn! The one who can kill too many at a time!" yelled the innocently passing uruk-hai. "Die seemingly innocent monsters!" "That's it! We're stealing your children!" They took two hobbits… any two… I don't care really… it's not like this has a plot . Credits Aragorn: some guy Frodo: Fifth Other people: yes, I believe there were some… All cast and crew stayed at blue waters hotels… by their own free will… "OW!" "Shut up!"