His voice had become more somber and slightly cracked at certain events. Éowyn wiped away her tears and was subconsciously on her belly with her hand stroking his hair. "I love Rohan,' he said, clearing his throat and trying to sound composed. "It was where I became a young man and there is such a sense of stronger security than here than in Harad. I am no street boy, but I am a great Counts son, so I must be more poised in Harad. My superstition is that I will die like my father. I spend so much time looking over my shoulder and trying to be secure, that maybe I keep my enemies too close, or the blade shall stab in the heart instead of my back. " Éowyn's tear dropped on his cheek. This man had just opened his soul to her, more than what she had hoped for. He sat up and smiled wistfully. "I did not come out here to have pity, my lady. I was crushed when you said you felt distant from me, so I felt obliged to you." "What did you come out here for then, Count Saphin?" He ran his thumb down her cold cheek and stared into her eyes as though he could see the depths of her soul. "Marry me, Lady Éowyn, be my wife. I have loved you for two years now and I know you well enough to be sure that I can be the one to make you happy. I know this must abrupt, but I don't want your answer now, I want you to lie in bed, staring out of your window, looking at the stars, and think about it. Think about it with your whole heart and then give me your answer." Éowyn had been holding her breath, feeling completely speechless. She felt cold and numb. She was overwhelmed a good deal, for she had not anticipated this question at all. He helped her to her feet and walked her back to the Palace in silence; but it was beautiful silence. Minas Tirith "Let this be a toast to the death of Fox; a foolish man who was foolish as he drew his last breath," Boromir loudly declared. He drank thirstily and a servant refilled his cup. "And let this be a night of celebration; a celebration to the fact that one by one, all those who plot against Gondor shall be brought to justice!" "Aye," the crowed roared. Faramir entered the Army camp and stopped at the doorway. His eyes watched as his brother lost his self to wine, music, and frolic. The music was being played loudly and people were dancing all about. Anger was ignited in Faramir. Boromir knew how he had felt about Fox, and yet here he was, drowning in revelry. A red, curly haired woman tugged on his arm, holding a wine goblet in her free hand. "Come and join the party, Captain, we've been waiting for you all night!" Faramir freed his arm without harming her and strode past her, making his way for his brother, who was laughing hysterically at a joke from one of his comrades and drinking with a lady on his shoulder. "Have you lost your mind and your dignity all in one cup?" Faramir demanded grabbing the large goblet as Boromir put it to his lips. "What is this entire frolic about? Have you gone mad?" Boromir looked bewildered, but he smiled. "Brother, you've made it! I thought you'd never arrive! Have a drink to calm you. The party is just getting started!" Faramir dashed the cup to the ground, his face growing red with anger. "We killed a man today and you sit here as though we've won a war! We haven't won anything! They're still out there and you're sitting on your hide, drinking like a wretched fool!" Boromir rose up and, frowning deeply upon his brother, shoved him against a wall. "What is your problem?" he sneered. "Today we put a villain to sleep forever and you act as though I've killed my brother! What is the matter with you? I don't care about your theory; whether he was helped or not, he was one of the villains and he deserved what he got. Do you think I don't know about your secret little trips to visit him? Do you know the kind of trouble I could have put you in? You forget about all of that, don't you, little brother? You could have been killed or worse! And you have the guts to stand over me and scold me like this." Boromir paused, keeping his grasp and his eyes on Faramir. "Sometimes I wonder whose side you're really on. If you feel so badly for him, go deliver his body to the Haradrim personally! Since you hold such remorse for them, maybe they'll forgive you and accept you! Go ahead, Faramir, you seem to love them so much!" Faramir closed his eyes when Boromir let him go. His heart was pounding and perspiration was sliding down his temples. His breaths were coming in heavy gasps. He ran his hands though his hair and gazed at all of the faces that were staring at him. The party had grown silent and all eyes were fixed on the brothers. Boromir and Faramir stared at each other in silence. Boromir yanked his cloak off the wall and dashed out of the party. Anborn approached Faramir with a cup. "Here, drink this to calm yourself, Captain. He'll be back to normal in the morning…" Faramir, distraught, raised his hand in protest and darted out of the scene, after his brother. TBC Soon! Thanks for checking it out, hope you liked it and come back soon! P.s. We both love Boromir, do not think we're trashing him in any way, trust me. It'll all work out. And i want to give credit to RA Salvatore. I got inspiration for a few elements from him.