the water in the brook made no sound, though the current had not gone still. It was then that Boromir realized the haunting pain from the wounds that he had suffered at Amon Hen were gone. Gone too, was the shame and guilt that he harboured from his actions that day --- actions he now understood were meant to happen in order for the Ring to be destroyed. Just yards in front of Boromir, the White Stag stood steady, watching him through large, liquid blue eyes. Slowly its lashes lowered and it looked away. Then, in one effortless leap, it landed on the opposite bank and bounded away, swallowed in the ethereal, dissipating mist. Boromir's shot purposely went wild. The arrow zipped through the silent air, and a low hanging branch over the stream snapped. It spiralled, like a falling feather, into the water below. And the forest came back to life. Pale and shaken, Boromir stared in the direction the White Stag had taken. So profound were the images that it had given him, he was unable to move until he felt a hand upon his shoulder. He gasped at the unexpected touch and nearly lost his balance as he shifted his weight to turn around. Faramir, fearing that his brother was feeling the ghost pains of his wounds, caught him and braced his weight against his own, preventing him from falling to the ground. Easing him to sit, he crouched beside him. Uncountable questions scrambled through his mind. What had they witnessed? Had it been a dream? A hoax? A joke played on them by the gods? Before Faramir could speak, his brother seemed to read his thoughts and laid a reassuring hand on his arm. Boromir looked at him with a smile as gentle as a breeze over still water. "If this is a joke played on us by the Valar, then it is one we can live with." The tone of Boromir's voice, coupled with the expression on his face was all Faramir needed to lay his fears for his brother to rest. No more did they speak of what had occurred for it was enough that what had happened simply was. They found the familiar landmarks that had never really disappeared and walked in silence until they returned to where their horses had been safely tethered. Faramir placed his saddle on his mare's back and tightened the cinch. "How do we explain coming back to Minas Tirith empty handed?" he asked. Boromir shrugged nonchalantly. "You are the King's Steward. I am Gondor's Captain-General. We owe no explanation to anyone." Faramir's mouth dropped open; Éowyn, especially, would be asking why they had returned from two days hunting with nothing to show for it --- particularly since they had boasted of bringing back venison. "Very well," Boromir acquiesced. "We simply tell the truth." "The truth?" Boromir read the question in Faramir's eyes. Indeed the actual truth would be hard to explain. "Aye. The truth. My aim was off. " But Faramir was still in such awe of what had transpired, that he could only laugh. "No one will believe that! You have always been an excellent shot." Offhandedly, Boromir rolled his left shoulder to ease the stiffness as he finished saddling his own horse. He flashed a brilliant smile. "I am an excellent shot. But I have never been a match against your skills. While no one would believe that you came back with no prize for our efforts these past two days," he explained, "they will believe it of me." "Nay, broth---" "Come now, Faramir," Boromir interrupted. "Set aside your humility and enjoy the fact that all Gondor hails you as its finest archer." That Faramir ignored the compliment did not surprise Boromir, for while he himself sometimes enjoyed boasting amiably about his skills with weapons, Faramir was always modest about his own. Anticipating the protest he knew his brother was about to offer, Boromir held up a staying hand. "It is not open for debate, and neither is the explanation we will give our friends and family tonight." Casually, he took the water skin from where it rested against his side, squeezed out a greedy mouthful, then swiped his mouth on his sleeve before passing the skin to Faramir. He flashed another smile. "As head of our house, my word is final. I say that my aim was bad and that is the end of the matter." "Bad aim indeed," Faramir snorted as he climbed into his saddle. "However, as your mind is ever a rock too heavy to move, I will relent. If you say your aim was bad, then we let it stand." Boromir slung his bow over one shoulder. He mounted his horse and nudged it into an easy trot. "I'll wager," he jested as Faramir caught up with him, "that your lady wife will not be happy. She did have her heart set on having a fine supper of venison served tonight." "Aye." Faramir's answer was intentionally flat. He waited a moment and then let a grin stretch across his features. "However, Éowyn, loving me as she does, will only be out of sorts with me for a short time. You , on the other hand, being such a 'bad shot', will suffer her complete ire and uncompromising ridicule for the entire evening." Boromir abruptly reined in his gelding. His smile faded completely. "I cannot wait until breakfast." Faramir began to laugh and Boromir could not help but join in. As they rode, they heard, once again, the sound of trumpets drifting on the gentle breeze from the West. The two brothers exchanged smiles and turned their horses in the direction of the sounds, both anxious to see the banners and the walls of their beloved city. Boromir rode close beside Faramir. Unclouded by fear and doubt, free of guilt and shame, he knew now, with absolute certainty, that he was exactly where he longed to be. He was finally home.