Suddenly Frodo realised it wasn't the ring. "Oh no! I'm having another acid trip!" Colours fly everywhere and twirl around the soldiers as they scream and die. All of a sudden we cut to Gimli who is cowering in the corner. "The elves have taken the fortress… all is lost…" "No!" Aragorn threw down his playing cards, "We must fight back against the evil oppression of those who have given toys selflessly to our children for hundreds of years! Fight back against the slaves of Santa Claus! Never again shall fat men in red reign terror amongst the world of men! That's why we must fight back and kill all elves! Except my girlfriend arwen! Now! I start with legolas!" he lunged at Legolas with a fork. "Agh! No you idiot! I'm on your side!" "Lies!" "Agh! Stop stabbing me with that fork!" "Must eat legolas!" "Enough! Gandalf has come!" Theoden pointed out the window. "What? Oh yeah. I'll be with you in a minute! Die legolas! Die!" Meanwhile some Ents were grabbing rocks and hurling them at orcs "Die you tree hating orcs!" A Bonsai trees kick the orcs in the shins "Ah ha ha ha! I kill your legs!" "Break the dam!" said a random Ent. "That's right! Have a pool party!" Said another. "No! I meant drown the orcs! Put out the fires!" "But can we party afterwards?" "Very well…" "Woohoo!" The Ent broke the dam and Isengard flooded in a matter or seconds. Frodo had an idea to escape from the evil clutches of Farimir. "Hey look! Look at that!" he pointed to nothing. "Where? Where? I don't see anything! Is it that cloud? Wow that cloud is cool! Look at the cloud! Ha ha ha! A cloud! Don't see them everyday…" While Farimir was laughing at a cloud Frodo and his tag-a-longs escaped through an old sewer and into a strange looking forest. "You know those stories where there's lots of danger and…" Sam's voice fades away again. Frodo was just sitting there staring while thinking of the ring paying no attention to Sam whatsoever. "…And they had lost of chances to turn back. But they didn't because they were holding onto something…" Then Frodo snapped out of it. "What stories? What are you on about?" "You know… like the ugly duckling? And… um… Rapunzel." "Hello kiddies!" "Agh! Ronald McDonald!" A rock falls from the sky and kills him instantly. "Yes! There's still hope for the world!" Sam exclaimed. Frodo and Sam skip away while the people of Gondor celebrate over the death of the evil clown… shortly after that they went to being squished by flying rocks. Merry and Pippin where wallowing in the water that hadn't actually been deep enough to drown orcs but did cause them to be thrown back into the great big holes in the ground, killing them eventually. The Ents didn't care and were partying and dancing around the tower. "I'm starving…" said Pippin. "Yes… if only some food would conveniently float past us…" Merry looked up as if God was actually looking down on him ready to give him everything he wanted. "Oh look! Food is conveniently floating past us!" Pippin jumped up and down pointing to the several apples floating towards them. "Gasp! If only some pipe weed, also known as marijuana would conveniently float past in a barrel!" "Gasp! Some conveniently misplaced barrel of drugs just floated past!" "Now if only some large bags of money would conveniently float past us!" "Gasp! Large bags of money are conveniently floating past us!" "Ooh! This is really interesting! Now if only some nice girls with short skirts would conveniently float past us!" "Oh! Oh wait… it's just a dead orc…" "Oh… oh well… I saw him first though…" "No you didn't! I mean… huh? Yeah… you can have him…" Pippin chortled. "Wait! Ew! No! I meant I saw him first that's why I said I wanted a girl to float past so you would be all surprised and happy for a second!" Merry was confident that an idiot like Pippin would fall for this. "Yeah well… now it's my turn to wish for things! If only some large pieces of wood with the words "hi my name is bob" written on it would conveniently float past us…" "That's a stupid thing to ask for! Gasp! Some pieces of wood that have the words "hi my name is bob" written on it are floating this way! But they aren't large!" "Aw! How come you get what you want I get a crummy piece of small wood? "Because I'm better than you. Now let's smoke some pot and get high!" And so they did just that and we're laughing even though they were surrounded by dead rotting orcs that we're floating in the same water that the food they are eating was. "I wonder if we'll ever be put in tales…" Sam said as they walked in-between the dead looking trees. "Shut up Sam." "And then little kids will ask their parents to tell them the story of frodo and the ring…" "Please shut up Sam…" "Tell me more about Frodo they'll say…" "I have a headache Sam…" "And the parents will be like "No! It's time for you to go to bed!"" "Shut up! My head's really hurting after breathing in all that gas in the sewers!" "Then the little kids will be screaming and yelling going "TELL ME THE STORY! WAA! WAA!" and the parents will be like "STOP YELLING!"" Frodo throws rocks at Sam's head but he ignores it and keeps talking as if nothing happened. "WAA! THAT'S IT! YOU'RE GROUNDED! YOU'RE A POOPIE HEAD! HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO ME LIKE THAT! RRAAGGHH!" "Why does the fat hobbitses hate us Smeagol? Why!?" Smeagol starts to rolled around on the ground with his hands on his ears. "SHUTUP SAM!" "Never!" And so they walked onwards to Mordor with Sam screaming all the way. The end… for now