Thranduilion from Middle Earth," said Maya inwardly cringing as she waited for the hysterics and the "you're insane" speech. "It is a pleasure to meet you, lady Jen. Maya has told me much about you," said the elf dubiously. Maya didn't think Jen's eyes could widen any more, but somehow they did. "You're an elf?" she asked in awe. Legolas nodded. Jen's look of surprise was plastered to her face "You're Legolas from the Fellowship of the Ring? That Legolas?" Legolas nodded once more "I am." "How the hell did you get here?!" Maya stared at the scene incredulously "Really? That's it? Just like that? I'm not going to get the 'you're crazy' speech?" "Honey, look at him. He looks exactly like Orlando Bloom's version of Legolas and those ears definitely do not look fake," said Jen, her composure returning. "Well they fooled me. I found out the hard way that they were real, I tugged on them." said Maya and Legolas laughed. Jen laughed as well "You know Maya, for someone whose read Tolkien's history of Middle Earth a bunch of times, you failed to remember one thing. Elves have very sensitive ears..." "What am I failing to clue in on here? First he says elves have sensitive ears," said Maya pointing to Legolas "and now you're saying it." Jen gave Legolas a sweet smile, "Just excuse us for a moment." and leaving a very confused elf in their wake, she led her friend to the bedroom, making sure the door was closed. "What was that for?" asked Maya. "He's an elf, he can hear really well, remember?" Maya sighed in exasperation "Right, I keep forgetting that part. Okay so what was so secret that we had to leave him out there alone?" "As you know, Justin is the big Tolkien reader and on one of his rants, I remember he told me that elves ears are extremely sensitive to the touch." said Jen. Maya furrowed her eyebrows "As in...it hurts? He winced yesterday, I knew I hurt him! He lied..." Jen erupted into hysterics "Oh my god, Maya, I meant sensitive in the most sexual way possible. You didn't hurt him, you must have aroused the poor guy!" Maya clamped her hand over her mouth, "Are you serious? Oh my god, he probably feels violated. I'm so awful." Jen patted her back, "Relax, I'm sure he knows you meant no offence. Just remember that next time. Might come in handy if you want to bang elf boy though, from what I heard it gets them going pretty good." "Jen! I'm not going to sleep with him! I'm just trying to help him get home. Besides, sex equals marriage to an elf, its not exactly a no strings attached kind of thing." "Right, whatever you say. He's so gorgeous, I don't know how you can resist." said Jen. Maya rolled her eyes "Why did you believe him so quickly anyway?" Jen seemed to be lost in thought for a moment "Hmm...good question. I'm not quite sure myself, I just know that there's something so trustworthy and genuine about him. Plus the ears are definitely real. I still can't believe you tugged on them." and with that she erupted into another fit of laughter. Maya groaned, "I'm leaving now." and she left a laughing Jen in the bedroom to rejoin Legolas. The elf looked up at her quizzically, "Is everything alright?" "I'm sorry about yesterday," she blurted out "I didn't know that um...you know about your ears..." She was getting more red by the second, this was positively embarrassing. Legolas laughed "I will admit, I was caught...off guard, but there was no harm done I assure you." "Alright," said Jen emerging from the bedroom "I think its time we call Justin. He's the Tolkien expert, he'll have the best idea of what to do about getting you home." Legolas nodded "Thank you for everything," he said softly. Maya began rummaging through the bag of clothing that Jen brought with her, "I hope Justin doesn't mind us borrowing these." Jen laughed "Trust me, I highly doubt he'll mind if Legolas wears his clothing." Maya tossed him a light button down shirt and a pair of jeans. "Try those on, you can use my room to change." Legolas inspected the garments curiously "What is wrong with what I am wearing?" "For one, I'm going to wash your clothes and secondly, if you want to go outside, you can't walk around looking like that. People will stare." "I will do what you believe is best," he said exiting the room with the strange garb in his hands. A few minutes later, he emerged wearing Justin's clothes, looking rather uncertain about them. He wasn't sure if he liked these strange garments. "How do they look?" Maya thought they looked amazing, not that anything wouldn't look amazing on him. The shirt hung a little loose, but still showed off the toned, rippling muscles of his chest and abdomen. Maya noticed the strength in his arms that his previous garb had not revealed, and the jeans, well he could make any pair of pants look good... She managed to tear her gaze away before she embarrassed herself too much, but Legolas had already noticed, a small amused smile creeping on his lips. "You look good," she managed after a moment "It suits you. Right Jen?" Jen had also seen the look on Maya's face and was grinning ear to ear "Oh yes, who knew he and Justin were almost the same size?" "Is your betrothed coming here?" asked Legolas. "Yup! Called him just a few minutes ago, he's on his way. I think he's going to have a coronary when he sees this," said Jen. This is going to be interesting , thought Maya. ... Hannon le – Thank you Quel Kaima – Sleep well A/N: Alright everyone, so let me know what you think. Should I continue this or not? Anxious to hear your thoughts!