start throbbing as in pain whenever he set eyes on her. When he finally put a name to the sensation, he called it love. She was beautiful, and he wanted to own her, to consume her, to keep her and to never let her out less she be touched by another man's gaze. He called it love, but the second lesson to be taught was that of lust, for he lusted after the now young woman such as he had never lusted for wealth, nor intelligence, nor anything ever before. And in his heart stirred the old wish of belonging. His loneliness called out from within and he thought that if only he could have her, if only she would have him; she would look into his eyes and she would love him. And she alone would fill up that hole in his soul with her love, and he would become whole and never lonely again. The young would-be-princess bore steel in her soul, a cold sharp blade covered with thin layers of silk. Not always visible, but always there, always handy for her to bring out whenever needed. The Wormtongue, however, could be said to bear water in his soul, and water runs as water will, always finding cracks where it might slip in to form dark pools and lie waiting. Dark thoughts may breed in such pools, and water is oh, so difficult to scope out or to take hold on, ever slipping away. Drop by drop, water may taint even the sharpest steel with specks of rust. Her brother would boil the water away with his anger, would he ever find such pools in his mind. He would boil them to the last drop. But water boiled has a habit of turning to steam, and steam, when cooled down, will yet again be drops of water, slowly slipping down the walls of mind to make new pools. The sister found another weapon and took to the coldness of her mind to freeze the water that was placed in there by the Wormtongue. Freeze it to ice, till it lay unmoving, never to slip deeper into the cracks of her mind. But then again, water frozen has a habit of expanding, and sometimes a frozen pool would force itself to inhabiting a yet larger space in her mind, spreading its chill deeper into her soul. And so, the young girl grew up a fair maiden, but there was to be a coldness about her, and the many layers of silk surrounding the steel in her soul would get worn thin, till only a few remained. Fair but cold, she earned a reputation and was sometimes called Ice Maiden. Still kind and loved by her people, but all the more unattainable, all the more unreachable and too often lost in contemplation. And as the slight frame of childhood was replaced by the willowy shape of a young woman, ever increased the Wormtongue's lust for her. Had he known lust before? Most certainly, he was only human, a mortal man with the urges and needs of one such. But never to this extent, and it scared him slightly that he would feel such passion for this young would-be-princess that it at times would cloud his better judgement and make him act in ways unexpected, allowing himself strange follies such as he had never succumbed to before. He tried to win her trust, shadowed her steps to be close to her, and he obsessed over her until the mere idea of her with someone else made him grit his teeth in wrath and jealousy. And yes, there was always the envy, underneath it all, envy to feel such closeness as the brother and sister would enjoy, jealousy that they would have that while he was left out. He again increased his efforts to pry them apart, planting new seeds of discord between them. And whenever the sister would turn from her brother in anger or tears, the Wormtongue would be there waiting, offering words of consolation, being to her as kind as he knew how. She would abide his company then, but only for a while. The strong love shared between her and her brother would always bring them back together, once again reminding one another that the Wormtongue's whispers were poisonous, reassuring each other that they would be forever watchful, to mind their steps around the Counsellor who wished to pry them apart. And as the Wormtongue once more saw his efforts ruined, he would slip again into the shadows, gritting his teeth while forming yet a new plan to get the young sister to himself. He lusted after her and he named the sensation love, thinking his desires were as pure as the feeling he'd often heard of in songs and poems. But love is to be a giving and taking based on trust. True love is generous, and can be shared by two or many. Love is grander than lust, which is often one sided, while love is forever giving and taking. Sometimes just a little, sometimes overflowing, as if to make up for time lost. Love is warm, and big, and strong, love will make the hearts on those as let it in grow large enough that they may embrace even others. Such as family, such as children to come. True love is forever growing and embracing, but the man called Wormtongue saw the beauty and grace of the young woman who would one day be a princess, and he wanted it all to himself. He wanted to take everything that was she and stuff it into that dark hole in his soul so that she would be forever his and that he would be whole. He wanted to take and to have, but had no thought of giving back. Such is not the nature of love, but the man did not understand because he had failed the lesson and he did not know love at all.