on her heels and aimed her blade towards the doors. There she saw three hobbits. All looked completely terrified and all had been prepared to fight the two until they saw the blade and dropped their 'weapons'. "L-Let him go." The chubbier one said. "O-Or I'I'll Have you, Lonshanks!" Avalon just tsk. "Oh will you now?" She questioned as she put the blade to his throat, causing his face to pale. "And what is to stop me from cutting your vocal cord before you even step an inch forward?" The hobbit gulped and looked at the girl about ready to pee himself. "Oh relax, you hobbit. I only kill orcs with this sword." She said as she stepped back and put the sword away. The four hobbits sighed in relief. Aragorn smiled and placed a hand on Avalon's shoulder. "You enjoy frightening people too much, Falcon." Aragorn said with a smile. "And you," He said to the three hobbits who ran in. "You have a stout heart, little hobbit." He put his sword away and frowned. "But that will not save you. You can no longer afford to wait for the wizard, Frodo. They're coming." "We must move quickly A-Strider." Avalon said. Avalon sat in a chair by the window as the four hobbits sat up in bed. They were wide awake after hearing the loud shrieks of rage in the air from the riders. "What are they?" Frodo asked and Avalon turned and looked at the four. Another scream came from just across the courtyard, this caused Avalon to sigh. "They were once men." Aragorn said. "But not anymore. Once Great kinds of men, long ago," Avalon said standing and walking towards them. "Now they serve only one leader." "They were kings, but then Sauron the Deceiver gave them nine Rings of Power." Aragorn explained. "Blinded by their greed, they took them without question, one by one falling to darkness. Now they are slaves to his will." "They are called the Nazgul." Avalon said as she crossed her arms. "Ringwraiths, neither living nor dead. At all times, they feel the presence of the Ring, drawn to the power of the One. They will never stop hunting you, not until you are dead, or the Ring is no longer in your possession." "Where are you taking us?" Frodo asked. "Into the Wild." Aragorn said as he walked in front of them beside Avalon. "How do we know these two are friends of Gandulf's?" The one known as Merry asked sullenly. Avalon rolled her eyes at Aragorn who cracked a smile. "We have no choice, but to trust them." He said as Merry sighed annoyed. "But where are they leading us?" Sam asked. "To Rivendell." Avalon said speaking up. "To the House of Elrond." Causing Sam to gasp. "Did you hear that? Riverdell! We're going to see the elves!" Frodo watched as Avalon climbed up a tree to get a better view of everything. Avalon was an unique human. She was born with amazing sight, so that she could see far distances like a bird, and she was also born with the ability to see visions of the past, present, and future. Her ability were kept a secret and the only one that knew was Aragorn. She searched through the tree tops at the land below. She could hear the men below talking, even from up so high. "Gentlemen, we do not stop till nightfall." Avalon frowned before she climbed back down and dropped beside Aragorn. "But what about breakfast?" Pippin asked sounding shocked by what Aragorn said. "You already had it." Avalon said as she rolled her eyes. "We've had one, yes. What about second breakfast?" He asked. Avalon raised an eyebrow at him. Aragorn shook his head before starting forward. "Sorry boys." Avalon said before heading after Aragorn. ""I don't think they know about second breakfast, Pip." Merry said to Pippin. "What about elevensies?" Avalon could hear he was starting to get frantic. "Luncheon? Afternoon tear? Dinner? Supper? He knows about them, doesn't he?" Avalon giggled as she walked beside Aragorn. "I think you upset them, dear friend." She said and Aragorn gave a smirk. "Hobbits." He said with a shake of the head causing Avalon to smile. "I wouldn't count on it." Avalon heard Sam say. Aragorn picked some apples before chucking them back. "There. That should keep them happy and moving." Avalon rolled her eyes. "Oh... Aragorn." Avalon sighed at him. "Pippin!" Merry called irritably. Avalon sighed. This was going to be a long walk to the castle. Sam came stumbling over the hill with Bill the pony, causing Avalon to giggle. "We'll shall rest here tonight." Aragorn called as Avalon started climbing a tree. "Why you climbing a tree?" Pippin asked. Avalon smiled. "I prefer to sleep in trees." She said before swinging onto a branch, resting her back to the trunk, and closing her eyes. "Falcon." Aragorn called causing Avalon to sigh. "Ya?" "We're going to have a look around." He said before going to his pack. "These are for you." He said to the hobbits as he pulled out four short swords and tossed them to the hobbits. "Keep them close and stay here." He commanded. Avalon sighed and jumped down. "Let's go." Avalon said with a sigh. When they far enough away, Avalon glared at Aragorn and hit him in the chest causing him to chuckle. "I'm sorry, Avalon. Did you want to sleep?" She glared at him. "You're a cruel man, Aragorn. I need my sleep." He chuckled and wrapped an arm around her. "Oh I know, little Ava. I know." She rolled her eyes. Avalon jumped down the tree. "Aragorn!" She called causing him to look over. "Those damn hobbits lit a fire." Aragorn's eyes widen. "The Nazguls are coming!" Avalon yelled and Aragorn started running. Avalon bit her lip as she to the camp. She needed to save the hobbits before they are killed. They need to protect the ring.