move his hips rhythmically, Gríma let his fingers carefully stroke the still wet balls, causing the other man to cry out in delight. Finally able to still his desire, Éomer thrust none too gently, nearly causing Gríma to gag, then swiftly drew out again, finding a steadier rhythm. Gríma succumbed and followed, flattening his tongue the better to have it run up and down, moisturizing the erection. He let his free hand find its way up Éomer's torso. Oh. Here was undoubtedly the proof of just how deep down that bottle this little lord must have looked, thought Gríma, circling his fingers around Éomer's nipples, and again down, feeling that muscular abdomen move steadily underneath the palm of his hand. Another hand caught hold of his: Éomer, closing in on his sweet release, squeezed the hand of his benefactor and pulled it up to his mouth, furiously kissing the palm and the thin white skin on the wrist, right atop of the vulnerable blue veins. And with a final deep thrust, Éomer came, head thrust back and clutching on tight to the back of Gríma's head, firmly holding him in place. Gríma reflexively swallowed as the warm liquid hit the back of his throat, the taste reminding him somewhat of unbaked bread. He stayed there, perfectly still until Éomer reluctantly let go of his head and allowed him to withdraw. Carefully running his lips up one last time, Gríma could finally draw a sharp breath. As he lay panting between Éomer's legs, he realized that they were still holding hands. Dully thinking to aid he throbbing ache in his own pants, made none the better of his kneeling position, Gríma tried to pull free. Éomer moved all of the sudden, as if he had been asleep and just now woken. He grabbed Gríma forcefully by his arms, turning and pinning him back down on the ground as he came on top to straddle him. Gríma winced, sharp pebbles biting in to his shoulders, and tried to break free but to no avail. Éomer grabbed both wrists of the squirming man and brought them high above his head, allowing him to hold them down with one hand while trying to free Gríma of his pants with the other. Seeing Éomer's intention, Gríma became still and allowed him to set to work with loosening the lacing holding his trousers in place and letting rough fingers, hardened by years of apprenticeship by the sword, pull him free of the clothing and finally taking him in hand, almost embracing his full length in one warm palm. As Éomer began to move his hand, surprisingly gently, Gríma tried to get up from the unforgiving pebbles on the ground. However, Éomer bent down to kiss him, pushing him down once more. Gríma contended himself by thrusting hard into his hand, to which Éomer responded by making his movements harder and faster, tightening his grip on the erection. As the pace quickened, Gríma bit his lip, trying not to cry out loud. Éomer, upon noting this, got a malicious glint in his eyes and let his movements come to a halt. As Gríma opened his mouth and inhaled sharply to voice a protest, Éomer squeezed tightly and stroked him up and down just once. "What do you think you're d – oh, ooh!" "That's right, sing for me or I'll stop dead," laughed Éomer, clearly enjoying himself. "Why, you – oh! You bast – ah, ah, bastard !" Gríma, hips moving compulsively, thrust angrily into the hand of his captor, groaning obediently as to reassure Éomer that his handiwork was indeed satisfactory. Such vanity! he thought angrily, and then, more admiringly; how ingenious. As Gríma's moans increased in volume, Éomer quickened his pace until Gríma finally was allowed to release all over his own belly. Éomer remained his grip for a few strokes more, then carefully let go. Curiously, he smeared his fingers in the warm fluid, tracing a simple pattern around Gríma's navel. Gríma, sprawled on the ground, breathed heavily, trying to regain control of his sweaty limbs. A sudden noise made the two of them stir. Voices moving up the castle wall, an unwelcome reminder of the world outside. Éomer, old reflexes kicking in, was on his feet in a heartbeat, donning his belt, quickly brushing his hair back in place while Gríma fumbled about for his spread garments, panic rising as he sobered up, mind once more trying to take the reins. "You stay," hissed Éomer, carefully peeking out from the archway. "These are simple boys, leave them to me." With that, he swaggered out in front of the two young Rohirrim and approached them while still doing up his shirt. "What a night, eh? You boys must make it back down to the fires now, I bet some pretty face is waiting for you there, right?" Jokingly elbowing the youngest lad, making him laugh and flush, Éomer placed his arms fatherly around the two boy's shoulders, turning them swiftly and making way back down to the square. Gríma, nervously glancing out to watch them go, caught the departing words of the Marshal: "And did you try the beverage old Braenowyn brought?" Lord Éomer turned his head slightly, glancing back along the wall. "They say it's made of apples, but it'll sure put hair on your – " The party took a turn, and was gone. Still hiding in the shadows of the archway, Gríma Wormtongue waited, patiently, until the sound of their footsteps had died away. Only then did he sneak out of the arch, eyes darting around before he hurried back home to the Golden Hall, silently taking a vow never to touch that wretched drink again. A/N I own nothing. Yes, I may have borrowed Nanny Ogg's apple schnapps, well spotted! No, I have no regrets. Also, I have nothing against alcohol in general. But then again, when I make a drunken fool of myself there are no nations at stake...