Gimli's eyes locked onto, now that he had had a taste he was hungering for more, and he could not prevent himself from cupping his elf's face again and pressing their lips together. This time the kiss was not tempered with fire, but with hope and love. Legolas slipped his fingers into the soft wavy hair of his dwarf and tugged gently easing Gimli onto the bed and over him as he lay back, a move with which Gimli went eagerly. His Dwarf's kisses were drugging and set every nerve in the Elf's body alight as their tongues tangled together. Legolas gasped into Gimli's mouth when weapon roughened hands tugged open the fastenings of his tunic and slipped inside to stroke reverantly over the moonlit skin of his elf. The elf that over the course of their quest had gone from being his natural born enemy to being his entire world. "You are the brightest diamond, your eyes the deepest emerald, your skin more fair than the purest of silver and softer than silk, and your hair deeper than the purest piece of onyx, and I love you, from the deepest caverns to the highest mountain peak," Gimli murmured between pressing kisses down Legolas' chest. "Gimli…" Legolas' voice was a well of emotions as he reached down and stroked Gimli's whiskered cheek. "There will only ever be one that I love, one that has my heart. And it was given to you many months ago, probably back in Lothlórien. It is in your keeping now, and always will be," Legolas whispered. Gimli closed his eyes and leant into the touch of his elf, his hand coming up to cover Legolas' before he opened his eyes to meet the green ones peering at him with so much love his heart missed a beat. "I thought…I was content to have your friendship if that was all I could possess, I never truly let myself hope that you would feel for me as I did for you," Gimli smiled shakily. "And I held the same fear. When you were spending time with Raggol I thought…I was jealous," Legolas admitted softly turning his eyes from Gimli suddenly ashamed with the way he had acted. "My proud Elvish Prince becoming jealous for me, you are incredibly sexy when you are pouting," Gimli smirked leaning down to kiss Legolas again. "I was not…pouting!" Legolas protested between kisses but quickly gave up his argument for a loud groan when Gimli's hand stroked over Legolas' growing arousal. "Well I admit, I am glad to know that we are quite alike where it matters most," Gimli smirked as he squeezed the arousal under his palm drawing a loud groan from his Prince and getting to watch the beautiful body underneath his own arching in pleasure. "Although, I am bigger," He added raising a coky eyebrow when Legolas snorted. "My love, while I am sure that you are more than…endowed, given the difference in our heights I believe you have to be exager…" Legolas stared stunned up at his smirking Dwarf as said Dwarf's hand pressed his even firmer down onto his arousal. "But…" "I have been told that I am quite…how did you put it? 'Well endowed' even by my people's standards, which is nothing to be scoffed at," Gimli snickered at the stunned look on the elven face. "By the Valar Gimli!" Legolas groaned massaging the large Dwarfhood underneath his hand. Gimli's eyes snapped shut and his hips jerked when Legolas' nimble hand quickly had the lacings of his breeches undone and was sliding a hand inside to grip bare flesh. "You are without smalls!" Legolas gasped shocked. "Never did like wearing official clothing," Gimli grinned before thrusting his hips again in Legolas' grip. "Is there something that you wanted Master Dwarf?" Legolas smirked back at him, raising one slender eyebrow. "I have a feeling that this relationship is going to be exceedingly interesting," Gimli snorted before yanking down Legolas' leggings in one smooth move and crushed their lips together once again. KJEFLKSDJLKJSDLFKJSDLFKJSDLKFJSDLKJFSKDLJFSLKDJLKSDJFLKDJFLKSDJFLKSDJFLKS "Gimli! Will you come and help me with this piece of wall," Raggol called out as soon as he saw the Elf and Dwarf making their way down the street. Gimli felt as much as saw his new lover stiffening next to him, but when he looked up the scowl that was on the Elf's face was fiery enough to melt the strongest of metals, Raggol did not stand a chance. "My deepest apologies Raggol, but I have promised Prince Legolas here that I would go and see the work he has been doing in the gardens this morning. I am sure Begol will be able to assist you though," Gimli called back, nodding to an old Dwarf who snorted and shook his head ruefully as he eyed the unusual pairing. As he turned away Legolas caught something about Gloin and a heart attack, but then he was dragging a gawping Raggol away leaving the two to carry on making their way through the streets. "So, I was thinking, once we are done here, where is the first place we should go to do you think?" Legolas asked. "Well I know you have a wish to see Ithilian, and it will be good to stay close to the city and Elessar for a time I think, to put both our hearts at rest," Gimli said nonchalently. Legolas bowed his head and hid his bright smile behind his ebony locks, before smiling at his lover. "Have you heard what they are calling the three of us?" he asked. "We have another title?" Gimli chuckled. "Mm, the three hunters," "I quite like that one," "I thought you might," Legolas hummed brushing his fingers over his Dwarf's, his One's, cheek. "Come, these gardens are starting to take bloom quicker than we expected," Legolas said excitedly as the first of the gardens came into sight, hurrying inside with Gimli following close behind with a rueful smile on his face.