he asked. "I have to look at a few more things, then I'll come back." Boromir agreed, and walked over to join the hobbit. Aragorn went the other way, deciding that his hour was over and he should meet up with Gandalf. When Aragorn arrived at Arnordstrom, Gandalf was nowhere to be found. He glanced inside a few of the surrounding stores, before going into the department store itself and looking around. No Gandalf. Aragorn was sure that an hour had passed. He went back into the main area of the mall and scanned the crowds, the carousel, the staircases, everything. The wizard had vanished. "Wheeee!" The sound, although faint, reached Aragorn's sharp ears. It was definitely Gandalf's voice, but where would he . . . Aragorn's eyes widened in horror. There, sitting proudly on a white horse, his gray beard flying out behind him, was Gandalf – spinning around on the carousel like a five-year-old child. Suddenly furious, Aragorn marched up to the carousel and jumped on. He grabbed Gandalf by the collar and dragged him off of the contraption. Gandalf protested, but Aragorn cut him off. "Why, Gandalf? Why a carousel?" he demanded. "I came to this mall so I could buy a gift for Arwen, not so I could drag my insane friends out of one calamity after another! I thought I could depend on you as the one person that would not lose his mind, but apparently I was wrong! I know you like fast horses, but this -" he gestured wildly at the carousel – "is going too far!" "What was I supposed to do?" Gandalf retorted. "I looked for a present, just as I said I would, and after an hour you had not shown up. I was merely waiting for you, and thought I might have some fun while I was at it!" Aragorn gritted his teeth. It had been a huge mistake on his part to suggest this outing. Gandalf sighed. "I'm sorry, Aragorn. I will continue to help you search, if you like." Aragorn shook his head. "No, I think I've decided," he said. "If you could track down everyone else, though, that would be greatly appreciated. Meet me at the main entrance when you're finished. We're leaving." Gandalf agreed and set off. Aragorn, not wanting to spend one more minute than he had to in this accursed mall, hurried to the Hallmark store. He sighed as he picked up the oliphaunt statue and card, realizing how much time and energy could have been saved if only he had taken Sam's suggestion right away. As he approached the cash register, he noticed Frodo racing past outside, with Boromir sprinting after him. "Help, Strider!" Frodo cried in terror. "He's trying to take the Ring!" "You'll just have to wait a minute!" Aragorn hollered back. He bought the items. He hurried out of the store, his purchases safely in a shopping bag. "Frodo?" he called. The hobbit was nowhere to be seen. Four security officers stood nearby, glancing around them intently. Odd, Aragorn thought as he walked past them. "Hey, you in the dark coat! Stop!" Startled, Aragorn stopped and turned around. The officers were advancing on him, their expressions grim. "Search him," one of them ordered. Immediately, they surrounded him. They grabbed the shopping bag and looked inside, then started searching his coat pockets. "What is going on?" Aragorn demanded. "A theft was reported at Dale's an hour ago, and the description the saleswoman gave fits you perfectly." "I took nothing!" Aragorn protested. Two seconds after he said that, one of the security officers announced that he had found something. He drew his hand out of Aragorn's pocket. A diamond necklace was clasped in his fist. I'm going to kill that Dwarf! The officer who had spoken earlier narrowed his eyes. "Care to revise your statement?" When Aragorn didn't answer, he drew out a pair of handcuffs. Aragorn paled. Then, knowing that he was likely making the worst mistake of his life, turned, pushed the officers aside, and sprinted away as fast as he possibly could. The officers yelled at him to stop and began chasing him, but their short, pudgy legs made it impossible for them to catch up. Aragorn kept sprinting until he reached the main entrance, where he found Frodo, Boromir, and Gandalf with the rest of the Fellowship. "Hey, Strider!" Sam greeted him. "What did you end up buying?" "Run, all of you!" Aragorn shouted, ignoring Sam. "We have to get out of here!" Everyone clearly thought he had gone mad, but obeyed anyway. They all ran as fast as they could until they were safely out of sight of the mall. They then stopped and sat down, out of breath – everyone except for Merry and Pippin, that is, who were spinning in circles and giggling hysterically. "What happened to them?" Aragorn asked with concern. "They were in a candy store," Gandalf replied. Merry laughed, then yelled something about glow-in-the-dark mushrooms. No further explanation was required. -X-X-X- That night, after everyone else fell asleep, Aragorn sat down a short distance from their campfire. He rummaged through his pack until he found a pen and a small box. He was about to search for his Hallmark bag when the realization hit him. When the security guards had arrested him, they had grabbed the Hallmark bag. And they hadn't given it back. Groaning, Aragorn buried his face in his hands. Couldn't one thing that day have gone his way? Was that really so much to ask? Yes, it probably was. Aragorn sighed and took out a piece of paper and an envelope. Dearest Arwen , he began. I know I promised to send you a birthday gift, but . . . He sighed again, hoping that she would understand. -X-X-X- AN: This turned out way longer than it needed to be, but then again, the concept itself is pretty ridiculous. Feedback is always appreciated. Thanks so much for reading!