in Imladris, we would have been even" she replied. "The sentiment is still there my lady, never fear! Long years have taught me patience else they would be bursting forth every minute and what kind of King that would make me?" he asked. "I would hardly be the one to complain" she replied. "I fear your plan of escape would have never worked" he said, the letters drawing his attention again. "You hold your kinsmen in very low esteem" he remarked, swiftly moving away from her intended kick. He stretched out beside her, lying on his stomach, the letters firmly in his grasp, grinning unabashedly at her. She smiled at his playfulness, "Forgive me for being so caught up in our love. I did not have daily perils to keep me occupied." "I planned my schemes in the midst of the perils you speak of. Perhaps that is why they were more likely to succeed." he replied. She sat up animated, her face suffused with delight, "You never spoke of them!" she exclaimed. "And I never will!" he replied, kissing her beloved face. "They were made in moments of envy after too much ale had been consumed." "Perhaps your kinsmen will be more obliging" she mused, lying down again. "They swore they wouldn't breathe a word" he said. "There are other ways" she said, her eyes twinkling at him. "Yes there are", he replied. "But you are as much in my mercy as I am in yours." "And may it ever be true" she said. Hearing no response from him she rolled on her side to face him. His face had turned somber. Curious, she drew herself closer to see the words herself. The ink was smudged, bitter words graced the parchment and she lay back remembering those times. "It was a bleak year" she said. "My brothers were away and there had been no word from them for a while. Adar was worried even though he hid it well. And you, you had been gone for a long time searching for Gollum. I felt your distress but I could not reach you at all" she said, her fingers idly running through his hair, her eyes holding his gaze. "You were hidden from me. I tried again and again to seek out your fea. Ada found me, staring blindly outside my window and called me back. I had never felt so helpless" she said softly. "And so I took out my wrath on you for listening to Mithrandir. You could have stayed in the north with your kinsmen, stayed close to me, but you chose otherwise." "Would that have been enough?" he asked quietly. "Never" she responded easily. "I was ashamed when morning came. Although it didn't stop me from being short with Mithrandir the next time I saw him." "He was unusually contrite the next time I met him" Aragorn said with a wry smile. Arwen laughed and said, "It is most pleasing to know that" "You are not the only one to give into despair" he said. "Being treated like a worthless vagabond was galling to my pride. Suspicion and fear greeted me everywhere I went." Mirth fell from her as her eyes flashed in fury. "We should visit the north in all pomp and glory, and knock on the doors of all who had turned you away" she said. "Then you can enjoy their profuse apologies." "I would have never thought you so vengeful" he said in surprise. "I grudge every wound to you" she replied, her gaze intent. "You who had sacrificed so much while they enjoyed their home and raised their children in safety." "In truth it couldn't have been in any other way" he said, his voice contemplative. "Their disdain accorded me my safety." "Yet it was painful" she stated. "It was. Had I your gushing letters with me, my sorrow might have been less." he said, drawing out another burst of laughter from her. Impulsively she drew him close and kissed him soundly. "You dear, beloved man!" she said, her voice soft, her eyes tender. Aragorn kissed the hands that drew him close and said, "On another day I would bask content in your admiration. but today greater treasures await". "I am glad they bring you such joy" she said, sitting up and reaching for her box. "I will tend to my own treasures", she said in answer to his questioning look. Carefully, she began arranging his gifts leaving him to peruse her letters. A comfortable silence for some time. Arwen finishing first, leaned back against her pillows and closed her eyes. She was startled from her reverie when she felt her husband's arms surrounding her waist, drawing her close to him. "In all my years, this has been the dearest gift" he said next to her ear. She turned her cheek to ask, "Which one did you love best?" He kissed the turned cheek and said, "The one where you wrote of Lady Celebrian". She smiled in memory, "I had felt her close to me that night. It had been a long time before I could think of her with pleasure and the memories were all the more sweeter for that." She felt him smile against her hair. His grip tightened before he released her regretfully. "I must leave you now for the afternoon council" She watched him put his boots on and as he carefully separated the letters into two piles. One pile he carefully placed it on his desk. The other pile he placed it in his pockets. "I fear I cannot bear to be parted from the the letters praising my virtues and comparing to me an elf lord", he said, his tone somber, his eyes laughing. Arwen reached for a pillow to fling at him but he had already left the room. Smiling anew at her husband's playfulness, she settled in for her afternoon rest, idly thinking of ways to draw some embarrassing stories from his stern kinsmen.