stew and a cool stout ale, then enjoyed his meal and the rather companionable noise of a good inn with good custom. He was so engrossed with his excellent meal that it took until he was finished to notice the small group of rather disgruntled looking men surrounding his table. "Yes?" he queried, eyebrow raised. The men looked uncomfortable, but one finally spoke, "We've 'eard yer lookin' t' kidnap our girls and sell 'em int' slavery." A ripple of menacing sounds passed through the group. "Who told you that?" Strider asked calmly. "It doesn't matter!" one man negated rather loudly. "Are ye, or are ye not?" "I am not," Strider replied shortly, slightly annoyed at the disturbance these men were creating. "I don't believe 'im!" a man from the back shouted. "Neither do I!" yelled another. Soon the whole crowd was yelling and it was growing as well, as other men from the inn heard the ruckus and joined in. I don't believe this , Strider thought to himself before he stood up and raised his arms for silence. When he finally got it, he said quietly, "Any man who questions my motives can go to the Red Bear Inn and ask Mistress Falla and little Aira." With that, he gathered himself, shouldered his way through the crowd, tossed Butterbur his money, and headed for the wood. When she had finished her bath, Aira pulled on her nightgown and was tucked into bed by Mistress Falla. "Ye've got a big day t'morra, darlin'," Mistress Falla whispered, smoothing her hair. "So ye'd best get a good night's sleep." Aira just smiled sleepily, eager for the morning dawn to break over the window of the attic. Out in the forest, Strider made a tiny, smokeless fire, then settled down for the night. He was rather disgruntled at being deprived of a good bed, but the heather was soft, and his coat warm. The brilliant red of the sunset faded to black as the night encroached. Once more, he wondered what on earth had possessed him to rescue this small chit of a girl from her horrid life. He decided that a sense of decency was enough, in these parts. Sometimes country folk could be trusted with your life, other times they fell into petty arguments and cruel manipulation. He could only hope that the latter would not last for long. Strider sighed and rolled to his side, sword beside him, and fell to sleep. The next morning, Aira woke at dawn with a sigh at the work ahead of her, before she remembered that today she was to go to the Elves! She jumped up out of bed, splashed water on her face and hands, and pulled on her dress. In the kitchen, Mistress Falla was stoking the fire and preparing the day's porridge. "I don't know what I'll do wi'out ye, darlin'," she smiled sadly. "Bah! Don't ye worry none. Mayhap we'll get oursel's a strappin' farm girl who'd like t' earn a bit o' coin. She'd be more suited t' the work, anyways." "When will Strider be here?" Aira asked softly. Mistress Falla smiled, "As soon as he gets here, darlin'." With that, Aira merely sighed and set about helping Mistress Falla with the day's tasks. Strider had broken camp before the dawn, and was headed back into town. He intended to have a good bath at the Prancing Pony, now that the drunkards were all gone home. Though he got some menacing looks from the townsfolk already up and about, no one questioned or accosted him on his way to Butterbur's. Once there, he procured a room and some hot water, then set himself in for a good soak. He had to look presentable if he was to convince the locals to let him take Aira with him. After breakfast, Aira packed her things, with some help from Mistress Falla. She included her nightgown, an apron, and a worn blanket, along with her winter shoes. Then, to her surprise, Mistress Falla took out a brand new grey wool cloak. "This, m'dear, is for you," Mistress Falla presented it proudly. "I had a spare dress that didn't fit no more, so I cut it down for ye." "Oh!" Aira exclaimed, happy for such a soft, dove grey cloak. "It's beautiful!" "Oh," Mistress Falla demurred, "Well, 'tis now't. Ye'll be travelin' far an' I can't have ye freezin' t' death, what with all the trouble Mr. Strider's taken for ye, now can I?" Aira simply hugged the person that had been as close to a mother as she'd ever known. Mistress Falla began to tear up. "Oh! Now, none o' that!" she sniffled. "I'll miss ye enough as 'tis already!" but hugged back with all her love. At that moment, there was a loud knock on the back door. Mistress Falla hastily dried her eyes on her apron, and rushed to open it, but Harlin got there first. He threw open the door and bellowed, "So! Yer not man enough t' come t'the front door, are ye!" But the man who stood at the kitchen door was not Strider. At least, it did not look like him. The man who stood there was neatly shaved, had clean pulled back, and wore a fancy blue tunic with silver edging and tall black boots. The pommel of his sword glittered at his side. "Who're you?" Harlin stammered, surprised. The man looked puzzled. "I am Strider. I've come for Aira." The young girl looked at her rescuer in awe. This man was magic. "Are you ready?" he asked. She merely nodded. "Come along, then." Aira turned and hugged Mistress Falla one last time, slipped past Master Harlin, and took the big man's hand as they walked out to the wilderlands. "Tell me of the Elves?" she asked simply. "They are an ancient and beautiful people," he began. "With a love of art and music, and Elrond, Lord of Rivendell, is wisest of them all…"