the flames of the poison still burning his muscles. He winced, and lay back down, his eyes closed in pain. Faroth walked over, putting his arms around his middle and helping him sit up. "Thank you," Thranduil rasped, his back and shoulder sore. "How long have I been asleep?" "Three days" Thranduil groaned. "Where is Thangannas?" "He is in his bedchamber- awaiting your judgment." "Can you bring him to me." "Ofcourse my lord." Thranduil's eyes were closed when they returned, and he opened them slowly when he heard them approach. Thangannas looked terrified, as well as guilty. His light eyes were all pupils, and he was visibly shaking. "My King. I will take whatever punishment you see fit with gratitude, for I deserve whatever you decide is best." "What happened?" "I- I thought you went the other way and I was simply seeking movement, I didn't think, I didn't want to fail, I want so bad to be in the guard, I wanted to impress Faroth and Amandil, I- I am clearly not ready, my King, I am so sorry you must suffer for my stupidity." "That was incredibly stupid of you." Thranduil said quietly, "And it does concern me, what if you were on a patrol and shot and killed a comrade? An innocent?" A single tear spilled down Thangannas' cheek, and he hastily wiped it away, reddening. Warriors didn't cry, especially not in front of the King. "I know. I have not slept since that day, all I can think of is if I killed you." He said quietly. "Thangannas has requested resignation paperwork. I told him to get approval from you." Faroth cut in. "Resigning? You will run from your mistake?" "I am afraid to hurt someone, My Liege." "Come, sit beside me." Thranduil said quietly. Thangannas sat stiffly in the chair beside the bed, "I will not allow you to resign, penneth." Thangannas' eyes widened in fear, tears shining in them. "I will tell you exactly what I wish for you to do." He nodded. "I want you to put this behind you. I am not angry with you, and I do not want you to feel guilty. I want you to go home and sleep, and I wish for you to become a member of the guard, although you must repeat the portion of training that teaches what you do when seeking an enemy, and you must do some work with the blacksmiths to learn the difference between a poisoned arrow and a regular arrow. Fair enough?" Thangannas smiled, the held back tears falling down his face, "Thank you, My Lord, I will not disappoint you again. Thank you so much." "I see potential in you. Go and learn, and I predict you will one day be high in the guard." "Perhaps the Royal Guard?" he smiled. "Perhaps. If you work hard." Thranduil smiled weakly. "Now go, sleep and prepare for training." "Yes my lord." He said excitedly, striding from the halls. "You went too easy on him." Faroth complained. "He is young," "He could have killed you. His King." "But he did not." Thranduil pushed, and Faroth gave up. "Yes, my lord." "Earien, was she angry?" he asked quietly. "She seemed more disappointed." He admitted, "She waited an extra hour before leaving. We tried to catch her when you returned, but she was too far gone. When she gets to Rivendell there will be a letter for her from Pelior explaining your lack of presence." "Thank the Valar for Pelior sometimes," he sighed. Thranduil was out of bed a few hours after meeting Thangannas, much to the healer, Unwe's, disapproval. "Where was I when all of this paperwork piled up?" Thranduil asked, groaning, as Faroth followed him down the hall. "You were off enjoying the forest, my lord." Faroth said bitterly. Thranduil glared at his tone, and then turned to walk down the corridor. "I have orders to fill." He sat in his office for several hours before stopping to think about Earien. he missed her already. She was Elrond's cousin and was incredibly close to him as well, and often visited him for a few weeks. Thranduil poured himself a glass of wine, and called to the guard outside the door. "Faroth!" he called, and the door opened. "Yes my lord?" "Bring Amandil to me, please. He wanted me the other night but I was otherwise occupied." "Yes my lord." It wasn't long before Amandil was in his office, complaining about the inconsistency of the new warriors placed under his command. "They have no discipline my lord, they show up for duty when and if they feel like it-" There was a knock. "Come in." Thranduil called, and Luin, Earien's brother, entered. He had a cup of soup in his hand. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize you had council." "It is alright. Amandil, you have the right to punish them as you see fit. That behavior is unacceptable, however and should not be tolerated. You are responsible for them, and I trust your judgment." "Yes, my lord." He bowed and exited. "You missed dinner. I was concerned." "My apologies. I was sidetracked." "What's wrong?" Luin asked, coming up next to him. "Nothing. How was the report from the southern patrol?" "It was fine. Why does Earien's absence upset you so?" "It doesn't." "I'm not stupid. I know you." "I am not upset by her absence at all." "Well, I have come to tell you something." Thranduil looked up at him, his ice blue eyes always unnerved Luin. "Salias, he, did not show up to an appointment with one of the advisors from the East." Now he was alert, "what?" "I need permission to issue a search party. Salias is missing." Thanks for reading! I'll try to update a few times a week before I get slammed with finals, then it may become once a week for a bit. I'm trying to stay as accurate as I can as far as timeline/events and elvish.