the fire bowl before the King, so that the hallowing could take place. The food and drink carried by the servers were then passed over the flame, and the King blessed it ere speaking his prayer to Eostre and beginning to symbolically carve the first roast hare and to send his guests bits of choice as the sign of his appreciation. "My Lady Eostre, bringer of dawn, bringer of spring, bringer of new life," he invoked solemnly. "I ask you now, make wealth and bliss wax, grant us growing yield that every kind of corn may come to us for our use. Make wealth increase to make life easier." And the gathering answered, "Hael thou, Eostre." The hallowing complete, the fire bowl was taken away, and the saex , the ceremonial knife was offered to the King, who accepted it and began with the carving of the roast. Soon, the servers were bringing the bits of his choice to the guests – the feast could only begin after those had been consumed. Elfhelm was not feeling hungry, and not even the mastery of the King's cooks could stir his appetite, although they had outdone themselves creating the meal for this feast. There was onion-ale soup served over bread, with stuffed and boiled eggs. There was roasted hare, enough to feed half the garrison. There was rabbit cooked in broth, rabbit in wine-currant sauce, tartes (pie filled with rabbit and chicken meat), lamb stewed with sage and parsley, pork and egg pie seasoned with honey and pepper, batter-fried carrots, parsnips and apples dressed in almond milk, pastries boasted in honey… he ceased to count after a while. His own father set a good table back in Stowburg, but no feast of theirs could be compared with the High Symbel of the King at one of the Holy Tides. 'Twas a feast like no other, and thus was expected from the guests to eat, drink and have a good time, singing and jesting and reciting merry poems as the feasted. Elfhelm tried to force himself to due merriment, he honestly did. But his gloomy mood lifted not, and he sat with downcast eyes, picking on his food and sipping from his ale, wishing that the whole thing would be over, soon. Watching Aeldamar feeding particularly tasty bits to Idis was amost more than he could bear. Which was an idle wish, of course. The feast of a High Symbel was a serious matter, which usually lasted 'til the next morn – besides, everyone but he seemed to enjoy themselves greatly. Even young Lady Éowyn, usually much too grave for her tender age, giggled delightedly with her family. The smile only froze on her lovely face when she happened to meet the pale eyes of Gríma. In those moments she almost seemed to whither like a flower in a sudden frost. Elfhelm found this strange – not to mention a reason to worry, as the Lady Éowyn had seen less than twenty summers, and her brother was still too young to protect her properly. Thus the Marshal decided to speak to the Crown Prince as soon as he could find the chance; or to the lady Aud. For he liked not what he had seen. When everyone was sated, the servers collected the leftovers and – together with the parts already promised to Eostre – took them to the hof , the sacred place outside the walls. There the offerings to Eostre were burned and the ashes strewn into the sacred well, while the leftovers were given to the poor who could not afford a feast of their own. Thusly demanded the old custom of yielding, which the Éothéod had brought with them from the far North. And the penniless ceorls and their families sat along the buttred outer walls of the hof , eating the fine dishes they could never have dreamed of otherwise and blessed the name and generosity of their King. Théoden himself rose from his great chair again and led his guests out of the Golden Hall, out to the pawed terrace before his doors. There they stood, waiting for the new dawn, for Eostre's return. When the first reddish light appeared on the horizon, the old King raised his arms and chanted in a powerful voice that echoed from the hillside. Wassail Eostre – Mankind's mother be thou growing – in god's embrace. With food filled – for men to us Bright blossoming – thou blessed worth. In that holy name – that the heaven shaped and that of the earth – that we live in that god – that the grounds wrought grant us – growing yield that every kind of corn to us – comes to use.(7) Dawn broke in the very moment in which the King finished his bede ; and he spoke the words of leave and his guests returned to their own homes. When Elfhelm readied himself to follow his father, though, he felt the cold hand of Gríma upon his forearm again. "The King musts need to rest," whispered the counsellor, "but he expects you to come before him in the ninth hour. And you would do well to remember the sacred oath you have sworn at the symbel, son of Hengest." He bowed and vanished in the crowd, leaving a worried and very unhappy Elfhelm behind. End notes: (1) Approximately April. (2) Maegtheow Clan-Master – the highest authority among Clan Éowain. I consider Éomund, Éomer's father as a member of this Clan, though from another House. Further references to Elfhelm's family can be found in chapter 3 of "The White Lady of Rohan". (3) heahburg capital; burgsteal city, also called burgstede, burgturn or eard (4) Quoted from Beowulf, lines 489-490. (5) Quoted from Beowulf, lines 1169-1175. (6) See: Beowulf, lines 64-82. Théodred's boast is a paraphrasing of those lines. (7) Source : the AEcer-Bót , and Anglo-Saxon rite found in the manuscript known as the Lacnunga. I only added Eostre's name.