we're going to marry on the beach and then go surfing and go on a honeymoon to Paris, London and Isengard, Narnia and the Mall of America and then move into a studio apartment in downtown Hawaii with a pool and and rooms for all of my woodland friends." Said Jenyfer, in a quick, sophisticated ect tone of voice. "Well that's fine, so long as you can pay for it. I know this from my experience in government," said Barrack Obama, President of the United States of Mirkwood and the outer Realms. "Oh did I not tell you-Sauron my father just gave us $1000 so we are going to be rich for life." "Yay!" They all said in unison, like a choir of handsome and classy important people. "Well, don't let me keep you-go get married on the beach" Said the ever-black Barrack Obama, the greatest President ever, of all time, in perpetuity. So Legolas and Jenyfer the pretty orc rode off together on Starwatcher on StarTrek to the beach where the sun was rising and Jenyfer put on her glorious, shining white princess style elegant and ultra expensive wedding dress and Legolas put on his ultra classy and handsome and sexy tuxedo and they walked onto the beach where a progressive female justice of the peace was waiting just for them. When they got to her though, she suddenly pulled off a mask and it was Ryan Reynolds Jenyfer's ultra jealous ex-boyfriend! "Ha, I have caught you now, and I will kill you both for what you have done to me!" he shouted with an evil glint in his admittedly beautiful eyes. And suddenly he pulled out an AK-47 and started to shoot at them, but they were both too fast. Legolas did back flips and spun his swords so fast that the bullets could never hit him. Jenyfer went into some mad breakdancing skills that avoided every rapid fire bullet. Ryan Reynolds stopped shooting to say, "Dang, them's some mad breakdancing skills. I can get jiggy with this sickness." Legolas took the opportunity to lunge at Ryan Reynolds and throw away his AK-47. "No! You have robbed me of my weapon of choice," shouted Ryan Reynolds, "JK I have a battle-axe in my back pocket!" And he pulled it out and suddenly Ryan Reynolds and Legolas Greenleaf God of the elfs were captured in an epic battle to the death. Jenyfer watched on in horror and a bit of pride that she was so popular. Just then, Barack Obama appeared in a big black army helicopter with a giant rocket launcher that he shot at Ryan Reynolds. "Noooooooo, I am defeated!" he shouted as the giant hole in his beautifully sculpted chest slowly killed him. "Yes, we are free to love one another at last rather than be held apart by circumstances of birth or previous relationships!" cried Jenyfer and Legolas at the same time, "Thank you Barack Obama!" And Barack Obama saluted them before riding his majestic helicopter off into the sunset. After the crazy battle of soul and wits that took place upon the fair beach of Miami, Hawaii, Mordor, the two raupturous and also very intellectual lovers rode upon their fair steed Starbomb and found yet another, this time real, progressive female justice of the peace, and returned to Maimi, Colorado, Mordor, to the fair beach where Ryan Renolds was still dying a terrible, slow death due to the gaping hole where his chest used to be. Jenyfer rubbed the genie's bottle she had been carrying with her all her life for a moment just like this, and asked the genie to summon a beautiful wedding ceremony. The genie did. At the altar, the ever perfect and also awesome Jenyfer, and the amazingly sexy Legolas stood facing each other. The female justice of the peace, which is a very forward thinking concept, asked Legolas: "Legolas Romeo Greenleaf, do you take Jenyfer Juliet Darklord to be your lawful wedded wife?" And legolas said "I do." "Jenyfer Juliet Darklord, do you take Legolas Romeo Greenleaf, Glorious Leader and supreme deity of the elfs, to be your lawful wedded husband?" and Jenyfer said tearfully but with good back posture, "Yes I do." Then they kissed for like at least 45 hours, and Tyrainne the disgustingly hideos orc smiled and waved the whole time. All of their friends and mystical amnimals watched their passionate made-out session with tongue, but tastefully, and their spirits entertwining in a bind that would never, ever break. As their lips finally separated, everyone stood up and applauded, for it was the greatest kiss of all time. And at that moment, Ryan Reynolds whispered, "Truly they were meant to be together," and gave out his last breath. After the applause died down and all of the fettuchiniini was eaten, Jennifer the pretty orc said, "Let's go surfing!" So her and Legolas went and got a surfboard and went out to surf. "I haven't surfed before," said Legolas. "That's OK, neither have I!" Said Jenyfer, "But that's OK-I've seen people do it on TV and sometimes also when I go to the beach". So they both got on surfboards and quickly caught the hang of surfing. "Wow, this is pretty fun!", yelled Legolas over at Jenyfer. "You know what would make it even more fun?" Asked Jenyfer, and she jumped from her surfboard onto his, aiming hers so it would go to shore, which it did, perfectly. And suddenly a big wave hit, and as they caught the wave, they kissed like they do in movies. "This is the greatest moment of my life," said Jenyfer, between sexy, sexy kisses. And the both of them surfed out into the sunrise and had a great honeymoon and lived happily in their studio apartment in San York Vegas, Hawaii, Mordor with all of their spiritual woodland friends and Zorainne, the orc they pretended was on the same level as Jenyfer. The Ernd. Still not sorry. Deal with it.