tasks assigned to him; that was the right of his master, by whom he was owned, body, soul and blood. He might not be a slave by name, but he had sworn an oath every bit as binding as that of the Elf… with the significant difference that he had done so voluntarily. Thus the thought of disobeying or even protesting against the task – against any task given him by his master – had not even occurred to him. "I shall do as my Lord orders," he said simply. Lord Herucalmo nodded. He had expected nothing less from his chief guard; nor deemed him needful to promise Rasheed any kind of reward. "That is well," he said. "Now, be gone, the two of you, and discuss strategies. I shall expect your plan by the hour before sunset. See that you have one by then." He dismissed them with an authoritative gesture. Rasheed inclined his head and left, the Elf following him like a shadow – a black and ominous one. Having dealt with his servants, Lord Herucalmo turned his attention back to his guests and allies. "That is one thing hopefully dealt with, soon," he said. "However, it appears to me that we might have a struggle on two fronts at our hands, soon." The others looked at him with a confused frown at first. Then Captain Atanalcar realized what their host was talking about and nodded in grim understanding. "Bakshir," he said, without elaborating. Lord Herucalmo nodded. "Bakshir indeed. As you know, Kha-kan Isfhandijár died last year; slain in some local battle, protecting the borders of the realm against nomadic raiders from the Eastern Desert. As far as we know, Padisákh Tahamtan has chosen his firstborn, Bakhtijár, to step into his place. As it is custom among the Hiung-nu , the legitimate sons of the dead lord have most likely driven out and slain the concubines and bastards of their sire. I must therefore accept that my beloved daughter is dead, as she was war booty and not a proper wife. That I have not heard of her or of her little son ever since the reports of Isfhandijár's dead can only mean that they have both been killed." "What a terrible loss," murmured the Lady Avradî. Yearning for children one could not become was bad enough; having had one's children killed was a hundred times worse. "And not for our friend only," added Lord Manwendil grimly. "As Isfhandijár was very fond of the Lady Rothinzil, he favoured Umbar for her sake. He had the padisákh 's ear as well, and he also spoke of Umbar with preference. His sons, young, power-hungry and fired on by their jealous mothers, would do the exact opposite. Umbar's position against the Haradric realms will suffer if the one holding the overlordship turns against us." "That is what I fear, too," agreed Lord Herucalmo. "And that is why we need to look out for other strong allies." "What do you have on your mind, my Lord Consul?" asked Captain Atanalcar. "The second-strongest realm would be Khambaluk; but my mother's people traditionally look towards Far-Harad when it comes to seeking out alliances." "Neither would they be able to hurry to our aid when needs must be," added Caliondo thoughtfully. "For that, Khambaluk simply lies too far from our borders." "That is very true, on both points," said Lord Herucalmo. "We need an ally that is strong, can move considerable forces when in need, and can be found near at hand . "I fear the only realm that could match all those criteria would be Gondor," Lord Manwendil pointed out. "And I doubt very much that we could ally ourselves with our arch-enemy of several millennia." "Not with Gondor," said his lady wife as sudden realization hit her. "But perchance Dol Amroth. That could work. Dor-en-Ernil might be a province of Gondor, but the Prince of Dol Amroth is an independent monarch with a demesne of his own; and they have the strongest fleet, save ours. It would be a good match…" "… if we could persuade Prince Angelimir to break his oath of fealty to the Steward of Gondor and ally himself with his chief rival," finished Lord Manwendil. "I do not think that would be possible, though. Prince Angelimir is old; yet he is no fool. And the House of Dol Amroth has no reason to look at us with friendship. After all, several of its Princes have been slain in battle against our people. Angelimir will never agree to such an alliance." "Not if we ask him," said Lord Herucalmo in agreement. "However, I am planning a different approach… one along family lines." "Oh," the eyes of the Lady Avradî began to gleam. "I see what you mean, my Lord Consul." "Well, I do not," groused Lord Manwendil. "Pray speak clearly, Herucalmo. I find that I tire of your games." "Prince Angelimir, as you have said yourself, is old ," explained the First Consul. "More than a hundred; and that is a high age, even for his family. He still holds the title in name, yet the real power lies in the hands of his son and heir, Prince Adrahil. A man in his prime, an excellent warlord and diplomat… with two daughters in marriageable age, while I have a son who has not yet taken a wife." "And you believe Adrahil would be amendable to marry off any daughter of his to Caliondo?" Lord Manwendil shook his head in disbelief. "I do not think he would willingly do that." "Mayhap not," allowed Lord Herucalmo. "But again, I do not intend to ask him, either," he glanced at the Captain of the Haven. "Captain Atanalcar, this is something the two of us will have to discuss in great detail." A rakish grin split the tanned face of the adventurous Sea lord as he contemplated the possible meaning of that . "My Lord Consul, I am at your disposal," he declared. ~TBC~