hobbits wisely chose to turn in early. Upon rising, they consumed a tremendous breakfast. It was a wide-eyed cook and his assistant who piled the orders before the anxious customers. And while the hobbits enjoyed a process to which they refer as filling up the corners, Radagast paid for their transportation and the additional supplies, which they would now be able to carry on their cart. As everyone was climbing aboard, he introduced them to their draft ponies, Barley and Sugarloaf. He laughingly said that, since their names so clearly referred to food, their original owners must have been hobbits. Pippin was particularly amused by this joke. During their trip to the house of Tom Bombadil, the hobbits had stopped frequently. This had been done so that Pippin could use the Palantir to see if any of the other Keepers were available. At the time, they had been desperate to determine what was happening in Moria. Now that they had a cart, which facilitated such an arrangement, Radagast insisted that, as much as possible, Pippin stay in contact with the Palantir at all times. It was absolutely imperative that they give warning of the approaching menace, especially to the people of Gondor. Radagast also fully expected that Gimli would use his Seeing Stone as soon as he and his group were out of the mines and not fleeing directly before the danger. And the Wizard desperately needed to give the Dwarves counsel concerning their next course of action. None of the hobbits had ever taken the road east out of Bree. Only their first journey had led in that direction. And Aragorn, trying to outmaneuver the Ring Wraiths, had led them through the wilderness. That had been an extremely arduous and desperate flight. And everyone, except for the Ring Bearer after he was injured on Weathertop, had been forced to accomplish it entirely on foot. Being whisked along the road in a drawn wagon made the members of that original Fellowship feel more like tourists on holiday instead of the pursued vagabonds they had felt like before. They knew their mission was equally desperate, but traveling over the open road as full-fledged emissaries of the kingdom made the experience altogether different. Only their driver seemed to be visibly anxious about the journey. It was as if they could actually see the face of Radagast aging before their eyes. Having unsuccessfully attempted to cross the Misty Mountains once before, none of the hobbits were particularly thrilled at facing the prospect again. However, they were all very excited about Rivendell lying along their proposed route. The Elves had left Middle-earth many long years before. But High King Elessar and High Queen Arwen had sent a contingent of the King's Guard and their families to live in the abandoned village. They were charged with maintaining it and protecting it from any vandals. And even if none of them actually recognized Pippin, they would most certainly give due honor to the uniform that he wore; so, they knew their group would be treated as royal guests, literally. And getting to spend the night in the lingering magic of the place, even if the Elves had long since departed, was something to be highly anticipated. They made such excellent time that by evening they had almost put Chetwood, on the left, behind them. They could just begin to descry the place where Midgewater began stretching out along the north side of the road. To their far right, they could also make out the distant South Downs, but just barely. Weathertop was still too far to the east to be seen. Radagast told them it was still at least a couple of days away, even as quickly as they were traveling. He added that, in the following mornings, they might see it as the rising sun silhouetted it. And each of the three secretly hoped to only see that location by sunlight anyway. Radagast also told the hobbits that Gimli and his group should finally escape from Moria by the following morning. He was increasingly concerned by the fact that none of the other Keepers had consulted their Seeing Stones. It seemed unlikely to him that no one else had experienced any disturbing dreams, especially High King Elessar and High Queen Arwen. The fact that Pippin's Palantir had remained quiet all day was obviously distressing to him. He was clearly desperate to contact the fleeing Dwarves and advise them regarding their next immediate course of action. His unease should probably have been contagious. But despite having ridden in the cart all day, except for brief breaks, the hobbits surprisingly had no trouble going to sleep, nor did they have any disturbing dreams. When they awoke, Pippin suggested an extended breakfast before taking again to the road. He said Gimli could use the Palantir at any minute, and it would be difficult for him to feed himself in the cart while trying to stay in contact with it. But Radagast insisted that they load up and eat their breakfast on the road. The fact that it was still early spring was made quite evident by the morning chill, and Pippin had also been hoping to start the day with a hot meal. Muttering his disappointment, he reluctantly climbed aboard. Despite the how early in the year it was, the smell of Midgewater caused them to take only a short breakfast. Thoroughly disgusted at the development, and complaining about how cold it had turned, Pippin covered up with several blankets and consequently went back to sleep. The deep voice, suddenly issuing from within the coverings, startled him even more than it did the other occupants of the wagon. Reflexively pulling back the scarf, which he had used to wrap his hand to the Palantir, he saw the haggard face from which it had issued. So bedraggled in fact was the visage in the Seeing Stone that it took him a moment to recognize it as belonging to Gimli.