such training at your age." "I can try," he said nervously and Salias smiled. "Perhaps you can learn some things." Salias handed Erron his bow, and Erron eyed it with wonderment in his eyes. It was carved with incredible precision, care. Salias unclipped his quiver from his back and handed it to him, and helped him get it onto his back. Legolas watched and wished to join, but did not know what to say to him. "Legolas, why don't you come over here?" Legolas approached, and his cousin turned to Erron. "Legolas is going to shoot with you for a while, I have to speak with someone quickly." Erron nodded nervously and watched Salias walk away, and turned to Legolas, who nodded at him. He strung his arrow, and his hands were shaking with strain and nervousness. He released it, and it clipped the edge of the target and fell. He looked over at Legolas with color in his cheek. Legolas smiled kindly, and strung his bow. He released it, and it buried itself in the center of the target. Erron looked impressed, and Legolas walked over to him. Erron understood the motion and strung the bow again, and drew it. Legolas gently adjusted his fingers, and adjusted his position. "Caro," he said, and Erron understood what he meant and released. The arrow wedged itself in the inner circle of the target, and Erron's wide smile was infectious. "Ma!" Legolas smiled, and stopped, "good!" he said uncertainly. Erron nodded, "thank you!" "My son is quite shy," Thranduil said, the westron still felt strange on his tongue. "As is mine. But he has heard the many tales of old and wished to see your warriors while he was here." Lorn said. "Thank you for your assistance, your majesty." "It is of course no problem. If it is our own terrorizing your village, we will not leave your people to suffer." "May I ask your age?" Lorn asked. Thranduil nodded, "I am 5,323." Lorn laughed, "my, you look incredible for your age. I am 40." Thranduil smiled. This man was different. "If you would like to stay, you would be our guest." Thranduil said. "You want me to stay?" "I enjoy your company, and you are welcome to stay here as our guests." Lorn smiled "I would be honored, your majesty. My son, he will be ecstatic." "I am glad. Would you like a tour?" Lorn smiled, and Thranduil stood. They walked through the doors, and there were two guards behind them. Lorn seemed heavily impressed by everything, and Thranduil was delighted. Something about this man was so pleasant. "Mirkwood pleases you?" He asked. "Yes. Thank you." Lorn smiled. Thranduil nodded, and they got to the royal wing. "This is the royal wing?" Lorn asked. Thranduil nodded. "Yes. You and your son will stay here." "Where has your son taken mine?" "The barrack. He is very safe. I promise." Thranduil said. He opened the door to a room with an ornate gold door. Lorn gasped. There was a large sitting room with a roaring fire. It had lush carpet and large couches with fine fabrics. Everything was of the finest metals, and Thranduil entered. He pushed open double doors, and a large bedroom with two beds was within, each the largest size available with wardrobes and fine silks. "My lord, I do not know what to say." "Say nothing. We are friends." Thranduil said, and Lorn smiled. "My son, he has heard stories about your skills, my lord. He was hoping you would show him." Thranduil laughed. "He will not be disappointed then." They walked down to the barracks, where a half dozen soldiers stood around as one of them tried to teach Erron how to shoot. They spotted the king and all bowed in unison, startling Erron. Thranduil smiled, taking the bow from the soldiers hand as the soldier bowed and backed away. "I see you have distracted my soldiers from their duty." He said, smirking. "I am sorry I-" "it is alright. They mean well." He winked. "Your father tells me you learned of me in your lessons?" "Yes my lord." He smiled. "What is it you learned?" "All about how you fought the orcs in the second age and you and your father led the elves of Mirkwood and-" "Erron." Lorn said warningly. "It is alright. Would you like me to teach you to shoot?" Erron nodded excitedly. Thranduil pulled an arrow from Legolas' quiver, and strung his bow. Without looking away from Erron, he released the arrow, and it flew silently into the center of the target, the arrow only anchored from going through the target entirely by the careful feathers at the end. Erron's mouth fell open, and Thranduil handed him the bow. Erron shook his head, and blushed. "I do not shoot well your majesty." "I am not to judge your ability. I wish to help improve your skills, but you do not have to do anything you do not wish to." Erron glanced at Legolas, whose face was unreadable. "I- I cannot your majesty. I am sorry." "It is alright," Thranduil said, and Erron walked back to his father. "If you would like to rest, I am sure you are exhausted." "Yes, thank you your majesty. Thank you." "Thangannas could you lead our guests back to the royal wing?" Thangannas bowed, and Lorn and his son followed him. Thranduil and Legolas began to walk back to the Stronghold. "Do you like them?" Legolas nodded, "they interest me, these men. I wish I could speak with Erron." "You have your westron books, maybe you could study a little each day. Even a few basic words will ease the silence." "You are right, Ada. Thank you." "I will see you at dinner, I have to put together a small sentinel to send to Lorn's village," he said with a sigh. Legolas nodded and walked toward the stronghold, and Thranduil off toward the barracks to talk to Salias.