is too clever a waterman." "And if he alerts the enemy to our where about... it with make the crossing even more dangerous." Nostariel POV The next day we took back to the river we continued down it we passed through the Pillars of the Aagonath and Aragorn said: "Long I have wished to look upon the face of my ancestors" I could not help but smile at this; he was moving closer to accepting his destiny of becoming King. Before we reached, the Falls of Rauros we pulled into the shore and made camp. We all rested up and ate. "Have some food Mr. Frodo.," said Sam as he tried to hand him food. "No, Sam. I am alright." "You haven't eaten anything all day. You are not sleeping either. Don't think I haven't noticed Mr. Frodo-" "I'm alright." Frodo said "But you're not. I am here to help you. I promised Gandalf that I would." "You cannot help me Sam. Not this time. Get some sleep." Sam gave up and walked away feeling sorry for his master and feeling rejected. "Minas Tirith is the safer road," argued Bormoir. "You know that. From there we can regroup. Strike out for Mordor from a place of strength." "There is no strength in Gondor that will avail us." replied Aragorn. "You are quick enough the trust the elves. Have you no faith in your own people? Yes, there is weakness, there is frailty, but there is courage also, and honor to be found in Men. But you will not see that." Aragorn turned and walked away from him. "You are afraid! All your life, you have hidden in the shadows. Scared of who you are, what you are." Aragorn was enraged... but perhaps because it was true. He walked back up to Bormoir. "I will not lead the Ring within a hundred leagues of your city." Aragorn said roughly to him "Bormoir, it may be true that there is courage in men but if we are to stay hidden from the enemy we must take the most dangerous' routes. Moreover, to head to Mordor from north the enemy will not expect this. In addition, Aragorn trust us Elves because we have no wish for the ring of power; for we have fought before to have it destroyed" Nostariel said "After nightfall, we cross the lake, hide the boats and continue on foot, we approach Mordor from the north." "Oh yes? Just a simple matter of finding our way through Emyn Muil, an impassible labyrinth of razor sharp rocks? And after that, it gets even better. Festering, stinking Marshland as far as the eye can see." Gimli said in the most sarcastic voice I've heard from him "That is our road. I suggest you take some rest Master Dwarf and recover your strength." Aragorn said This did none to please Gimli. I laughed lightly at this, I saw Gollum and again and then I sensed great evil. I stood up front my spot quickly, jumped up into the tree, climbed to the highest spot, and saw it. A large group of Urakhai, larger than a patrol, heading this way. When I came down I saw that Legolas was uneasy. He grabbed Aragorn's arm. "We should leave now." He said "No. Orcs patrol the eastern shore. We wait for the cover of darkness." Legolas looked around. "It is not the eastern shore that worries me. A shadow and a threat has been growing in my mind. Something draws near. I can feel it." He said "As do I Aragorn, I saw a large group of Urakhai heading this was. It's larger than a patrol." I said Merry came back with wood for the fire. He looked around. "Where's Frodo?" Frodo's POV ~~~~~~~~ After everything was set up, Frodo wandered away from the group. He wandered through the woods. "Why did you leave me Gandalf? Why did you go when I needed you most?" He turned when he heard someone coming. "None of us should wander around. You, least of all." Bormoir was collecting wood. "So much depends on you." Frodo stared at him. "Frodo? I know why you seek solitude. You suffer; I see it day by day. You sure you do not suffer needlessly. There are other ways Frodo. Others paths that we might take." Bormoir said "I know what you would say. It would seem like wisdom but for the warning in my heart." Frodo said "Warning? Against what? We are all afraid Frodo. But to let that fear drive us to destroy what hope we have, don't you see it is madness." Bormoir was getting upset. "There is no other way." Frodo said "I ask only for the strength to defend my people! If you would but lend me the Ring." Bormoir said "No." Frodo took a few steps back. "Why do you recoil? I am no thief." Bormoir said "You are not yourself." Frodo said "What chance do you think you have? They will find you. They will take the Ring. And you will beg for death at the end!" Frodo turned his back on him and walked away. "You fool!" He began to take chase. "It is not yours save by an unhappy chance. It would have been mine. It should have been mine! Give it to me!" He tackled Frodo and tried to take the ring from him. "No! Stop!" "Give it to me!" Frodo slipped on the ring and disappeared from sight. Frodo ran from him. Madness had finally taken Bormoir in. "I see your mind. You will take the Ring to Sauron! You will betray us! You will go to your death, and the death of us all! Curse you! Curse you and all the Halflings!" Bormoir tripped and hit his head. When he rose again he whimpered. The pull of the Ring was off him. He looked around panicked. "Frodo?" He began to cry. "Frodo. What have I done. Please, Frodo. Frodo, I'm sorry!"