to sleep in their pavilions during the tournament, and Boromir, used to living in a tent among the ruins of Osgiliath, followed that somewhat outdated rule without protest. As soon as the curtain was pulled together behind them, he tossed Herumor onto the bed playfully, saying, "'Tis time that I unpacked my gift," and with that, he opened the front of Herumor's breeches and reached inside with a confident hand. Once again, Herumor went rigid from the foreign touch upon his member, and very nearly bolted when Boromir's rough palm curled around his sack, with a long finger pressing further behind, towards the most intimate opening of his body. Boromir felt him tightening up with anxiety and withdrew slowly, distracting him with another long, deep-tongued kiss. "Fear not," he said, "I know what I am doing, and I do not intend to hurt you. There is no need for you to behave like a virgin bride." Despite his anxiety, Herumor could not help but laugh weakly again. "Well, in a sense, I am ," he replied. "You forget that all this is new… and disturbing for me." " All of this?" asked Boromir. "You have been with women before, have you not?" "I may not be related to the Princes of Dol Amroth," answered Herumor with a shrug, "But as the only son of their oldest ally, I was treated like kin. So aye, I did get the Fairweather key(1) like the sons of the royal family." "I guessed so much," said Boromir. "But have you used it as well?" Herumor shrugged. "Once or twice. I was curious… and I admit that learning how one has to pleasure a woman was… useful." "But?" asked Boromir, for there most definitely was a but , if Herumor's tone was any indication. Herumor shrugged again. "I… I prefer to wait for someone who actually means something to me," he admitted, a little sheepishly. "I see," said Boromir thoughtfully. "If you have changed your mind about… about this, we can end it right here. I do not wish to make you do something that is against your disposition." Herumor shook his head. "Nay," he said earnestly. "I might not want to do this, not truly, but I need to see clear about myself. Just… just go slowly, shall you? 'Tis not exactly easy for me." "As slowly as you need," promised Boromir. "There will be pleasure, I swear. Even if your mind might refuse to admit, your body will like it." And when everything was said and done, Herumor had to admit that his body had liked it, after all. Boromir had kept his promise and gone slowly, teaching him about pleasures he had not known to exist before, and in the end, Herumor had to admit that their encounter had been pleasurable indeed. Nonetheless, he felt that it was not his way in the long run, and he said so honestly ere they parted. "I think not that I would ever do this again with anyone else," he said openly. "Pleasurable as it might have been at some points, I could never allow another man to have me in such vulnerable position." "It requires a great deal of trust," Boromir agreed, "and I feel honoured that you trusted me enough to allow it. 'Tis a shame that all we can ever have was this one night, but I am grateful nonetheless." Herumor smiled and kissed him lightly on the lips. "Ask me in a few years again," he replied, "and we shall see." They laughed and parted, with the vague promise of maybe for later. In the following years, they kept sporadic contact through letters and messages but never got another chance to meet in person, as Boromir had gradually grown into his future responsibility, first as the Captain of the White Tower and then as the Captain-General of Gondor and barely left the battlefield, spending the rest of his life more or less in that tent among the ruins of Osgiliath, with a few short visits back in Minas Tirith. Herumor returned to Halabor with his father, and spent the next thirteen years with learning how to be a good ruler of their town and lands and with defending the same from raiding bands of Easterlings, Dunlendings, Hill-men and the odd band of Orcs that dared to cross the Great River on ferries, despite the closeness of Cair Andros' garrison. He did find a woman, whom he cared for, and he had to leave her to get engaged with a young lady of his own status, and he did so for the good of Halabor without protesting. They never saw each other again. Herumor was duty-bound to his town as well as Boromir was bound to Osgiliath and Minas Tirith, and when Boromir finally got to see Halabor, following a desperate call for help from the besieged garrison of Cair Andros, the town was nothing more than charred ruins, utterly destroyed by an unexpectedly numerous army of Orcs, and Herumor had been dead for months already, slain by a band of Hill-men when he tried to defend one of the isolated little farmstead with a handful of his fathers men-at-arms. Ten years later, Boromir went on a quest, following a strange dream and never returned from it. They say, his body was given to the Great River that carried him down to the Sea, across which both his and Herumor's ancestors had come to Gondor. Of Herumor's resting place there is no word, and where the ancient town of Halabor once stood, only blackened stone has remained after a Ring War, and a sad memento of the people who had lived and worked there for centuries. The End (1) The Fairweather is a pleasure house in Dol Amroth, established in Isabeau's stories as a place favoured by the sons of the Prince's family. The Fragrant Garden is an actually existing book of lovemaking – the Arabic version of the Kama Sutra .