man to lose control of himself. With great difficulty, he mastered his instinctive need to drive forward, instead keeping his pace slow and controlled, his mouth moving against Legolas' neck as he murmured words of love against the sweet tasting skin. Legolas was quickly growing frustrated at his lover's unhurried pace, he needed more. He placed his feet flat on the bed, grounding himself as he pushed back into Aragorn's thrusts, trying to break the man's control. His hands did not remain idle either, this time having the opportunity they missed before as they roamed freely across Aragorn's skin, memorizing the feel and texture of every inch he could reach. He keened loudly as Aragorn's stiff shaft brushed over his sweet spot and the sound of his unfettered desire seemed to break something in Aragorn as the man slammed into Legolas. Legolas groaned loudly in triumphant pleasure, feeding Aragorn's own triumphant desire as he thrust again and again, taking them both higher and higher, until, without warning, Legolas erupted. Pearly fluid exploded from his flesh, spattering bare chests with proof of his satisfaction and the spasming inner muscles of his body took Aragorn over the same edge, his seed ejecting from his body with such force that he felt his soul was leaking into Legolas' body too. They lay together afterwards, too tired to separate their satiated bodies, Legolas' sticky essence drying between them, lazy kisses exchanged and limbs still tangled intimately. Neither had ever felt so much happiness before. "Aragorn!" Legolas moaned, breaking Aragorn from his dreams. He sat up, surprised at his having fallen asleep and he instinctively turned to soak the damp cloth he held, in the bowl of cool water beside him. He then placed the cloth on the sweat soaked forehead of his labouring husband. Legolas moaned piteously. His labour had lasted long throughout the day and night, and it was now approaching dawn again. It was only in the last few hours that the labour had advanced enough for both Aragorn and the midwife to reassure Legolas that the end was in sight. Aragorn bit his lip as another moan of pain escaped his brave husband. "I am so sorry, my love," he whispered as he allowed Legolas to grip his hand, almost to breaking point. "I wish that it was I in your place, I cannot bear to see you in such pain." "Now is really not the time," Legolas bit out as another contraction seized him. This time it came with the urge to push and following both the advice of the midwife and his own instincts, he sought to bring his child into the world. To Legolas it felt like hours passed as he was gripped by contraction after contraction, each time using his internal muscles to guide the child through the birth canal. He had long since gone past the point of caring about his dignity and didn't care who saw him with his legs spread wide open, he just wanted this to be over, now. He had serious thoughts of denying Aragorn the chance to ever take him again, just so he could avoid conception, either that, or cut off Aragorn's balls so that he would not be capable of fathering any more offspring, but still capable of pleasuring him. Yes, Legolas liked that idea very much and with one last, furious push he felt the child slide from his body. There was silence for a long moment and then the loud squalling of a child newly brought into the world filled the chamber and Legolas felt his heart swell with love. The midwife quickly wrapped a warm cloth around the child and settled the babe into the arms of his ada. "You have a son, Your Highness," she said addressing Legolas Aragorn quickly sat back, using his own body to support Legolas' exhausted one and they both gazed down into open blue eyes. Legolas used one hand to check the tiny fingers and toes, counting each one. "He is beautiful," Aragorn breathed. "He looks very much like you," he added nuzzling Legolas' sweaty head. Legolas smiled, he no longer felt any feelings of aggression towards his husband, his very being was suffused with warmth and love and he felt complete. He had everything he would ever need, here in this room. Well almost everything, but Legolas was sure that his father and friends would not be allowed entrance until both he and the babe had been cleaned up and made presentable. "He has your hair," Legolas commented softly, his hand gently stroking the tiny tufts of dark hair. The child's eyes seemed to focus on him as he spoke and a small murmur of what sounded liked pleasure emerged from between perfect little lips. "He knows you," Aragorn commented, amazed. "Yes," Legolas murmured. "For a long year I have carried you, little one. Now, you are here, resting in my arms. I wonder what life will hold for you, what path the Valar will carve for you." "It does not matter, because we will be here to walk it with him," Aragorn sounded. "Now, all he needs is a name." "Estelion," Legolas suggested after a few moments' thought and the babe smiled toothlessly at him in approval. "Estelion," Aragorn murmured in agreement. "I foresee that you will be a great king, Estelion," he said addressing his newborn heir. "But an even greater man," he added. "If he is anything like his father, he could not fail to be," Legolas said smiling and placing a small, tired kiss on his husband's cheek. "I only hope he finds someone to whom he can entrust his soul, like I have found you," Aragorn said. "He will," Legolas said with confidence. "He glows with the light of the Valar, they will watch over him." "As they have watched over us," Aragorn added. "As they will do for all time," Legolas responded, this time with a knowing twinkle in his eyes. The End