from that which is produced in Lossarnach: wilder, more intensely scented and heavier." "Is that also the reason why you mostly sell it in the South?" asked Herumor. She nodded. "Aye; people in the South have different tastes. My husband takes an entire shipload of attar , lavender oil and nut oils as far south as Umbar each year; although the nut oils are much asked for in the Riddermark, too." "Master Thaneau is a brave man," said Herumor, "to sail into Umbar at a time when things are a little… tense between Gondor and that realm." Mistress Goneril shrugged. "'Tis not any worse than having to bother with the Hanse of Lebennin all the time," she said. "The merchants of Umbar know how to keep the Corsairs under control. They know that if our barges were raided we would no longer send our wares to them – and that is not within their interests. They want our wares, so they have to see that our barges arrive safely. Oh, their taxes are high, outrageously so, but we can still earn good, honest coin, thus we are not truly concerned about that." "'Tis still seems strange to me to have such friendly contacts with Umbar, of all places," said Herumor. Mistress Goneril shrugged again. "Everyone needs the trade. The great and mighty lords fight their wars, but 'tis the merchants who keep things running behind the battlefields." Herumor still found this view a little simplified for his own taste – after all, due to his father's contacts to the Steward of Gondor and the Prince of Dol Amroth he knew all too well what (or rather who ) was truly pulling the strings that directed the moves of Umbar and the Haradric realms. Ere he could say aught, though, one of the hired workers came to speak with Mistress Goneril. She was one of the farmers' wives, if her tanned face and rough hands were any indication, and an elderly one at that. "Begging your pardon, Mistress," she said in her scratchy voice, "but the rose water from yesterday has been bottled." Mistress Goneril nodded. "Have the girls take the bottles to the cold room in the stone cellar. I shall send down Howel, too" that was the oil merchant's clerk, "with the inventory books, so see to it that the bottles are marked properly. We have several standing orders from the neighbouring manors already, and I wish not for the bottles to be sent to the wrong place. Howel will show you how to store them 'til they can be sent out to the customers." "Understood, Mistress," the old woman scurried away, and Mistress Goneril looked after her with a certain fondness. "Good old Demelza," she said. "She has been working for us during harvest season for longer than I have been alive, I think. She is such a great help for us. I know not what we would do without her." "Why is that?" asked Herumor in surprise. Mistress Goneril gave him a somewhat sad smile. "You see, my Lord, we are strangers here, Aunt Eirendel and myself. No matter how long we have lived in Halabor already, the Old Folk will always see us as foreigners. But what they would take from us with resentment, they take from old Demelza willingly. We are fortunate indeed to have her working for us." At this point their conversation was interrupted again, this time by an elderly man – the tenant of the lavender fields – who told them that the harvest was done for the day, as it was getting too warm already. "Breakfast is being served behind the warehouse," he added ere leaving them again. Mistress Goneril looked at their young lord expectantly. "We would be honoured if you broke your fast with us, my Lord," she said. "Our fare is simple, yet tasty enough – or so your lord father has always found when he came to visit the rose harvest. As you have said yourself, this is hard and delicate work; sharing the table with the Lord or his heir always means a great deal to our hired hands." Herumor accepted the offer without much ado. His father, and his grandfather before him, had long adapted to the simpler ways of the Old Folk and ruled their subjects in the manner of caring fathers rather than like many other Dúnadan lord. He knew the same would be expected from him, too, and that was fine with him, honestly. After all, had his late mother – a cousin to Lord Forlong of Lossarnach – not come from the Old Folk, too? Thus he sad down in his modest finery with the hired hands to the long trestle table, shared with them the milk and porridge that was offered for breakfast, laughed and jested with them and told them stories about his years as an esquire in Dol Amroth and about the strange customs in the Princes' refined court. The simple folk listened to him with rapture, like children who are told fairy tales. Mistress Eirendel, watching him from some distance, nodded contentedly. "He will be a good Lord for Halabor one day," she said to her niece. "Just like his lord father." ~The End – for now~ End notes: (1) Thrimidge = the Middle Earth equivalent of our May (2) Lithe = the Middle Earth equivalent of our June (3) Summer Days = the additional days between June and July, which make it possible for each month to be exactly 30 days long (4) Meresdei = the Middle Earth equivalent of our Monday. (On ME, Highday corresponded our Friday and was considered the day of rest, therefore the week started with what we'd consider Saturday. Yes, it is complicated, I know. I have had my own set of headaches about is.) (5) the fourth hour of the day = 10 AM. In Gondor the hours were counted from daybreak (generally from 6 AM) rather than from midnight.