looked around at the large clearing they were in, then to her captors. The stench of their bodies reached her and she nearly vomited at the smell of rotten food and dried blood. Wherever I am, it's certainly not home. She turned her gaze back to the two small people and smiled softly at them. "Why are you so short? I only ask because I've never see full grown men your height," she whispered, keeping her voice lowered so the creatures wouldn't hear her. The second little man inched closer to her, murmuring, "We're Halflings… Shirefolk… Hobbits?" Brunhilde was now even more confused than what she'd ever been before in her life. "Okay, so where am I?" The two "Hobbits" were now truly stunned by her question. Looking at each other, then back to her as they tried to think of the best answer to give her. Merry opened his mouth to speak to her, but low rumbles and groans caused the trio to look at where a group of the creatures were chopping down trees. "What's making that noise?" Pippin inquired, looking at the other "Hobbit" expectantly. The other hobbit… Merry looked at the forest, whispering in reply, "It's the trees." Brunhilde looked at the forest and quirked an eyebrow at Merry's words. On the outside she looked calm and collected - yet curious - but on the inside… How can this be happening to me? Creatures like my captors only exist in books, not in real life. And these… hobbits, they don't exist either, so where am I and more to the point, how did I get here? "Do you remember the Old Forest? On the borders of Buckland? Folk used to say that there was something in the water that made the trees grow tall… and come alive," Merry questioned Pippin who to Brunhilde's amusement now looked exceptionally scared of the forest. "Alive?" Brunhilde looked over at the large creatures and found one watching her. Quickly lowering her gaze, she turned her attention back to Merry who was once again explaining things about the trees. "Trees that could whisper. Talk to each other. Even move." The trio looked at the forest again and Brunhilde couldn't hold back the shiver that ran down her spine as the eerie noises once again reached her ears. "I'm starving." Brunhilde and the two hobbits turned their gazes towards the creatures upon hearing one speak. "We ain't 'ad nothin' but maggoty bred for three stinkin' days!" Swallowing the lump in her throat at remembering what one had said before hand about her being their dinner. "Yeah. Why can't we have some meat?" another added, turning his gaze to the trio. All three looked at each other. "What about them? They're fresh." Brunhilde felt like she was going to be sick at the thought of being eaten by these strange things. "They are not for eating!" another roared. Brunhilde inwardly sighed, silently thanking the larger creature for not letting them eat her, Merry or Pippin. The two Hobbits had quickly grown on her in the few minutes since they'd met, because of how nice they were to her and how they answered her questions without inquiring about why she asked, well except from when she'd questioned them about where they are. "What about their legs? They don't need those. Ooh… They look tasty!" Merry and Pippin looked down at their legs and gulped. The larger one that had defended them before shoved the smaller one back. "Get back scum!" The smaller ones of the band began to move restlessly toward the larger creatures. "Carve them up!" one of the small ones ordered. Another moved towards the hobbits and Brunhilde, drawing his blade in the process. "Just a mouth full." "One mouth full to each of them and all three of us are dead," Brunhilde muttered, sliding backwards, towards the forest and away from her captors. "No!" The leader once again stood in front of the trio, shielding them from the others. The two hobbits recoiled in fright and began following Brunhilde's actions. The creature moved towards the three, only to meet the larger ones blade. The leader cut the smaller ones head off, which landed in Merry's lap. He quickly pushed it off and crawled away from the group. "Looks like meat's back on the menu, boys!" All the creatures cheered and started tearing into fresh meat. Brunhilde once again nearly vomited when she saw the creature still alive as its intestine's were pulled out. "Let's go," Merry ordered now that the creatures' attention was turned away from them. With their hands still bound, the Hobbits began crawling away. A foot came down on Merry's back and Pippin was turned onto his. The creature brandishing a blade in front of Pippin's face, remarked coldly, "Go on. Call for help. Squeal! No one's gonna save you now!" Brunhilde looked around for anything she could use as a weapon. Noticing a thick branch within reach she grabbed it and scrambled to her feet. "Hey!" she called out to the creature, who being as dim-witted as she'd guessed looked up. She slammed the branch into his face, causing him to stumble back. He snarled and went to attack her, only a spear suddenly pierced his back. Riders burst from their hiding places, ambushing the creatures. Brunhilde dropped back to the ground when she reached Merry and Pippin, who both nodded, silently thanking her. Jumping up, the three began running towards the forest, dodging the arrows, horses and dead bodies in their path. Pippin was knocked onto his back. Looking up, he found a pair of thrashing hooves bearing down on him. Brunhilde turned sharply at hearing him yell, only to come face to face with another human. His eyes went wide in shock, when he noticed she wasn't one of the creatures, but a young woman. Before he had the chance to grab her, she had disappeared from his vision as if he'd only dreamed her.