just smiled politely, though uncomprehendingly. Alice sighed. "Of course not." She tore off a chunk of bread from the spread before her. She was really going to have to do something about this language barrier thing… Wait...she could do something about that! The elf was turning to leave when Alice hastily called her back. She glided over, staring at the girl quizzically. Alice glanced about frantically before settling upon the chair at the end of her bed. Slowly, she pointed, hoping her meaning was clear. "Chair." Mercifully, the elf was quick on the uptake. " Ham ." Finally, now she was getting somewhere. Excitedly, Alice patted her sheets. "Bed." " Haust ." Alice smiled for the first time in days. She pressed both hands to her heart. "Alice." The elf smiled, mimicking the gesture. " Faendis ." And thus Alice began her Sindarin lessons. Of course, it was just after she had begun to regain some semblance of control over her life again that the final blow came to knock it all down again. Several days later, in the dead of night, Alice was awoken by the tell-tale churning of her stomach and barely made it to the chamber pot under her bed before she violently vomited up her dinner. The more mortifying experience by far though, had been when she had been forced to show Faendis its contents the following morning. However, dear sweet Faendis either had a remarkably impeccable poker face or was genuinely unfazed by the matter for she had whisked away the bowl afterwards without so much as a wrinkled nose. Regardless, Alice had thought that had been the end of it. She was wrong of course. At first she hadn't noticed that anything had changed. But then one afternoon she would find that she really didn't have the energy for anything outside of curling in her bed and sleeping away the day like a cat. And then there was the continued bouts of nausea and her weird cravings afterward. She felt...off. Like she wasn't herself. And then, one day, Alice realized that she had missed her period. Unsurprisingly, she reacted to this realization the same way any woman would in her situation. She panicked. Alice frantically tried to recall all she could remember of her drunken birthday the month before. Vaguely, she remembered the blonde boy who had charmed his way between her legs...what had been his name? Better yet, had they used a condom ? How could she not remember something so important ?! She couldn't be pregnant...could she? "I'm not pregnant," She whispered to herself. "I'm not." Unfortunately, Alice had never been good at lying to herself. A/N: Surprise! You're pregnant! You thought showing up in Middle Earth was bad? How about a side of parenthood to top things off? I'm starting to think I enjoy torturing Alice. Maybe just a little bit. Trust me, it only gets more complicated from here. Chapter Timeframe: June 12, 2998 T.A. - June 26, 2998 T.A. Today in "Middle Earthean History, Culture, and Geography Notes AKA Stuff I Feel Like Talking About": - Alice goes to sleep in Munich, Germany on June 12th, 2008 A.D. and wakes up in Middle Earth near the Field of Celebrant (which is located between the rivers Anduin and Limlight just southeast of Lothlórien) on June 12th, 2998 T.A. (Third Age). - This fic subscribes to the Middle Earth = Ancient Europe theory. As such Alice is some 6,000 to 7,000 years before her own time period. This explains why she showed up around the Field of Celebrant so close to Lothlórien because that is where Munich will one day stand. This also explains why the constellations she's familiar with are not visible. The Earth is tilted in a different direction from what she's used to and so really Alice is just viewing a section of the sky she's never seen before. - Yes, the Alice in Wonderland references were intentional. Keep a look out for those because they won't be stopping anytime soon. I did name our protagonist after the book character after all. - The poem Alice recites is Ickle Me, Pickle Me, Tickle Me Too by Shel Silverstein (which holds an incredibly special place in my heart), the 'tasteless pop songs' she sings are Get The Party Started by P!nk and several Backstreet Boys songs (including but not limited to Everybody and I Want It That Way ). - For those who didn't pick up on it, Alice is biracial. Her mother is Caucasian (German to be precise) and her father is African-American. Pretty much every Modern-Girl-In-Middle-Earth fic I've ever read features a Caucasian teenaged/twenty-something protagonist. I wanted to mix it up for once. Alice is also heavily based after one of my best friends (appearance-wise anyway), Amber. - Westron is not English, neither is Sindarin or the Black Speech. Therefore there should be no reason why Alice would be able to understand anyone (or vise versa) after first arriving in Middle Earth. She's going to have to learn the local languages the same way everyone else does...the hard way. - Yes, Galadriel can read minds. It's implied in the books (and downright shoved down our throats in the movies) so I ran with it. As such, she used her mind-hacking-skillz to take a poke around Alice's head to see what was up...and saw just a bit more than she was expecting. Remember this. It will come into play later. - Sebastian, the Tolkien Nerd... remember him ...because reasons . - I had to throw in the "this was all assuming that this also wasn't one of those weird fanfiction stories her friend Rachel was into" line. Because I'm hilarious. Ha ha. Also 'Rachel' is totally the name of another of my best friends from High School who also happens to love fanfiction. Coincidence? I think not. - Alice is roughly 6-7 weeks pregnant by the end of this chapter. She conceived on her birthday, May 7th, 2008.