A gruff voice spoke in Common tongue, a voice I only recognised from speaking Khuzdul. I turned to look at Bifur, who's head now held a dint in it from where the axe once resided. "Bifur! You can speak Common again!" Everyone laughed at this, Bifur grinned wide, a happy glint in his eyes. "Aye, that I can, at last." I smiled as I wrapped my arms around him and held him close, he held me just as close. That night, after a round of embraces with the dwarves, an especially tight one from Balin, the eleven of us celebrated my return as we ate and drank together. I felt extremely happy being back with my family once more. The next day. . .I went down to the tombs and sat in front of my father, aunt and brothers and begged for their forgiveness. . .especially from Dis. "I am so sorry, Dis. You told me not to give up, your final wish was for me to keep going and stay strong. If I didn't receive the help that I got, I would be with you all right now, I would have faded years ago. I failed you all." I stayed in the tombs for the full day, until Dwalin had to pull me out for dinner as I missed breakfast and lunch. Durin's Day was a happy occasion for me that year. I was officially welcomed back into the mountain by Dain, which resulted in loud cheers from my family and most of the other dwarves. Over the past ten years, I had held my own private celebration in Rivendell, but I came to realise how much I missed celebrating with the dwarves. Plenty of food and drink and music and dancing that would ring long into the night. I was even reunited with Bard and his children, who attended the celebration. All of them happy to see me, just as I was to see them. A few days after the celebration, I was preparing to leave once again, but the others were trying to persuade me to stay for longer. After a few days, I finally gave him and stayed in the mountain for a few years. Even though I told myself I couldn't stay in the mountain if my fathers and my brothers weren't around to enjoy it with me, I actually found myself enjoying my stay. I was impressed with what Dain had done. He literally brought the mountain back from the dead. The market place was thriving, the mines we reopened and in full use as were the forges. Dwalin, Bofur and Bifur had also taken me to Dale so I could see the city. Bard welcomed us all and showed me around. I smiled as I looked around, the city was just like it used to be when I visited as a child. The mechanical horses were fixed also and span in a circle with children laughing away as they rode around on it. Soon enough though, came the time for me to leave, not in the dead of night this time though. It was in the afternoon while the sun was high in the sky and I had a full farewell committee from my family, Dain and even Thorin Stonehelm, who I had gotten to know better as well. I promised each and every dwarf that I would be back every year this time for Durin's Day, and if I wasn't Dwalin would come find me and drag me back to the mountain himself, which I agreed to. I held each and every one of them until I mounted Dala and rode off. My time away from Erebor was spent in the wilds or visiting different cities. I would go to Edoras, Gondor, back to Rivendell occasionally and even to the Blue Mountains to see how things were going there. I had even gone back to the Shire every now and then to visit Bilbo, who was only too happy to see me and always chatted my ear off every time I visited. I was content to sit and listen to his chatter, having missed my old friend. I had also come across Aragorn and the rest of the Dunedain. I was ecstatic when I found out he became the Chieftain just like his father. I would stay with the Dunedain for a while and learn what I could from them also. When I wasn't visiting friends or different cities, I was hunting down orcs, trying to make Middle Earth as safe a world as I could, but alas, one person alone could not do such a task. In the year 2989, I got word by raven that Balin was leading some dwarves to Moria to try to retake Khazad-dum from the Orcs. Oin and Ori had also gone with him. I rode as fast as I could to Moria and met up with Balin, Oin and Ori outside the gates. All three were surprised but happy to see me as I helped them to fight off the Orcs. The battle lasted for a long time until all of the orcs were finally defeated. The dead Orcs were taken outside and burned while the dead dwarves were buried near Mirrormere. I stayed in Moria for a few months, and was proud and happy when Balin became Lord of Moria. When I left, I returned to Erebor and reported to Dain of Balin's success. He was overjoyed by this news, along with Dwalin, Gloin, Dori and Nori to hear their brothers were alive and well. After a few years, all contact from Moria stopped. No one had assumed the worst, with us all thinking that the dwarves were far too busy to send any messages. It would be twenty five years after I last saw Balin that I would discover his fate while on a new quest. First chapter of the sequel done! Please stay tuned for more and keep your lovely reviews coming!