and Pippin, and the trouble they'd get into together. These stories made Estel laugh; it was a great, hearty laugh that stretched his face into a pleasant smile and it echoed off the trees around them, making Frodo pleased in turn that he could make such a grim-looking Man make such a sound. It even made him laugh with Estel, their two voices intertwining into the forest air. Eventually, as the sun began to set and the tendrils of clouds turned a fiery red in the sky, Estel and Frodo reached Hobbiton, their feet weary, but their hearts happy. Frodo grinned like a fool at the sight of his comfy hobbit hole, but the grin transformed quickly into a frown as he saw all the Hobbits gathered around his front door. They looked anxious and were all muttering, some carrying lamps and looking like they were preparing to leave soon. Estel hung back as Frodo walked forward, catching sight of his friend Sam in the middle of the group and calling, "Sam! I'm back!" Sam, poor Sam, had been worrying his little heart for the past two days as Mr. Frodo hadn't returned from his trip to pick mushrooms in the forest. He'd gone out looking, of course, but he'd only found the rotting mushrooms in the brook, and he'd quickly become concerned for Mr. Frodo's welfare an' all. So, the young Hobbit had organized a search party consisting of the strongest Hobbits in Hobbiton, all the while trying not to let Mr. Bilbo become aware of Frodo's absence, so as to not worry the poor sick Hobbit. They were just about to leave when he heard the thing he'd wanted to hear the most for the past 48 hours: Mr. Frodo's, and, dare he think it, his friend's voice. "Sam! I'm back!" Sam pushed aside all the muttering Hobbits to the edge of the group, catching sight of Frodo, who looked a bit dirty and had a small cut on his forehead, but was nonetheless none the worse for wear. "Oh! Mr. Frodo! You're okay!" He ran to him and guided his friend back to the front door of Bag End, all the while making the other Hobbits move aside with cries of, "Make way! Make way for Mr. Frodo!" The others all crowded closer to the bedraggled looking Hobbit, peering at his face and demanding, "Mr. Frodo, where on Middle Earth did you go?" "Frodo, did something take you?" "Mr. Frodo, were you on one of your adventures again?" This last one came from Mr. Sackville-Baggins, frowning disapprovingly. Frodo somehow pushed through the crowd and turned to face the curious Hobbits, announcing, "Everyone! I am alright. I made the mistake of picking the wrong mushroom in the forest and I sleep-walked for quite a long while, before falling deeply asleep many leagues away from here. I met a Man named Estel - " and here the other Hobbits gasped as if he'd said the Boogeyman " - and he aided me back home once again. I am deeply grateful for his help." Frodo nodded at Estel, who was still hanging back from the crowd but visible to the Hobbits and who nodded in turn. They all, except for Frodo, gasped again and recoiled, though a few of the younger ones leaned a bit closer, curious, before being yanked back by their elder peers. "What is this? Bringing a Man to the Shire? He'll kill us all!" one Hobbit protested. "No, no! He's a Ranger of the North. He is meant to protect the Shire," Frodo clarified, hoping it would settle the crowd. It didn't. Eventually, Sam got the group to disperse, and they all went home, many of them grumbling but a select few of them eyeing Estel over their shoulders, ever curious. Frodo sagged where he stood. It had been a long day of walking and last night had troubled him so at first. Sam took one last look at the tall Man standing a ways away from Bag End, then gently lead Frodo into the hobbit hole and shutting the door. Estel watched as the last of the Hobbits left the area for their own respective homes and that blond Hobbit, Sam, lead Frodo into the hobbit hole with the green door. He sighed, knowing that his work here was done and that he'd better be on his way. He turned to go, but just as he did, a small voice called him back. "Mr. Estel! The Man looked back, and, upon seeing Sam at the door of the hobbit hole nervously fingering a pot of tea, he neared a bit. "What may I help you with, Mister Sam?" "I was wondering... well, I was wondering if you'd be wanting a cup of tea with us, Mr. Estel." Estel tilted his head to the side, pondering that. He looked to the sky and figured that it couldn't hurt. Finally, he nodded and gracefully ducked through the stout green door, being greeted by a surprised Frodo and a curious and recovering Bilbo. They had tea and Estel regaled them with more stories about his travels for many hours, and, ultimately, Estel stayed the night at all three Hobbit's insistence. The next day, Estel woke up before all the Hobbits, as was his wont. He made to leave quickly and quietly, grateful for their famed hospitality but eager to be on his way, following the nomad instincts within him. However, Hobbits are quieter than Men, and he was noticed by one particular Hobbit as he sneaked out of Bag End. Frodo's tired, warm eyes watched him go, his tall form blending into the forest and its trees dappled with sunlight like a forgotten dream. But Frodo never forgot Estel, and he hoped he would cross paths with the Man once again. ...and one day, many years later in an inn on a rainy night in Bree and listening to a man named Strider talk about Ringwraiths, Frodo did.