Mistress Pharin is happy with this arrangement – it keeps the tavern full – and we are happy with it, for the food is the best one could get for coin." The young girl returned, placing a large plate with small, minced pork pies and fried beans before Henderch. Then she presented the fish with matafan – potato wafers – their young Lord. She smiled shyly at their thanks and hurried away. The tavern was indeed full, and the people seemed hungry. "It seems to me that the Wardens have become… well, almost like a regular troop of soldiers," continued Herumor, dunking a piece of matafan into the onion sauce. "They were not, when I left. Your doing, I deem?" Henderch nodded and swallowed one of his meat pies in two bites. "'Tis why your lord father brought me here. I used to have my own troop in Osgiliath. The local Wardens, like Hirwas here," he nodded towards the quiet man, "do everything they can, but they have their own trade, a family, a house to care for. I have none of those – but I do have the experience." "You are a shepherd, are you not?" asked Herumor their companion, vaguely remembering having seen Hirwas with his beasts on the fair. "He was," answered Henderch in the man's stead, "'til his farmstead was raided and burnt down by Orcs last Blooting (5). He was badly wounded and survived by some miracle we still cannot fathom. But he lost his speech doe to the knife stab in his throat. No-one else of his family was left alive." Herumor had a stricken look on his face, but Henderch only shrugged. "This is not such a rare thing, my Lord. While you were away, things have taken a turn for the worse. Orc raids are more frequent than ever." "I know," said Herumor with a sigh. "I have not been home for long yet, but my father and his seneschal have found the time to ell me a few tales. 'Tis not so different in any other part of Gondor," he added thoughtfully. "But it is somehow more… frightening when it happens at home. Home… that should be a safe place, should it not? There was an almost childlike sadness in his voice, and Henderch's heart went out for him. The young man was right. Home should have been safe. "My father has changed in the recent years," Herumor spoke again, with the same odd sadness in his voice. "He… he has become old. I… I always knew that he was not as young as the fathers of the other lads; I was a late-born, after all. But… he never showed his age before. He does now." "His burden has become heavier lately," Henderch agreed, "and with Lady Humleth gone, he had no-one to share his worries with. Now that you have come home, my Lord, mayhap your father will be able to breathe more easily." "I hope so," said Herumor soberly. "I shall try my best to lift the burden from his shoulders. But I am still much too young, Master Henderch. I still have so much to learn. I mean, I have learnt a lot about fighting in Dol Amroth, but I know nothing about leadership ." "Just watch your father, my Lord, and you will learn everything you need," replied Henderch. "He has always been like a father to tee common folk, and we love him dearly. Follow his footsteps, and you cannot stray from the right path." "I know," the young man nodded, "but I fear I shall have to fill his boots too soon. I can see that he has high hopes concerning my person, but I… I am not some great hero or magnificent warrior like Prince Imrahil or young Lord Boromir. I am… I am just me . I would like to help, I would like it very much – but I know not how. And I fear to disappoint him – and our people. They expect me to protect them and lead them, just as my father does, and I am willing – but what if I fail?" Henderch looked upon the troubled young man, who seemed so honest and grave, despite his fancy clothes, with great fondness. Unlike Herumor himself, the Chief Warden had little doubt that his young lord will successfully take over the role of the leader and protector one day. "If my years in the service of Gondor have taught me aught, then this," he said slowly. "Everyone makes mistakes, and sometimes others have to suffer the consequences. But we must go on and risk failure, my Lord, for we have been chosen to do so. And we have been chosen because we have the ability to lead. So, cease worrying and be comforted – when the time comes, you will be ready." "You think so?" asked Herumor, doubt still clouding his handsome face. "I know it," replied Henderch with a small smile, "for you are your father's son. You both are true sons of Gondor. Born to lead." And Hirwas, raising his mug of ale to salute their young lord, nodded with great emphasis. TBC End notes: (1) Solmath February (2) Mede July (3) From 9 a.m. to 3 p. m. It is mentioned in LOTR that Gondorians counted the hours of the day in the old fashion. (4) Wintring October (5) Forgoil straw-head, a name given the Rohirrim by the Dunlendings, according to Old Glamring. (6) Blooting November The food names were partially taken from the homepage of the medieval French village Yvoire – the model for Halabor – and partially from the website "A Boke of Gode Cookery", which contains genuine medieval recipes. Mistress Pharin is very much like my grandmother. My great-grandparents did, in fact, own a tavern in a Transylvanian town up to the early 1940s, but my grandmother never worked in it. Still, family history kept a great deal of stories about that place.