that the good beast was against the idea of going South; he wanted Drizzt to follow him to the East instead. Drizzt considered his options. The cat seemed determined to bring him off the southern path; the Drow could fight him, of course, and most likely defeat him. But he was without doubt a good beast, and Drizzt did not want to harm him. Besides, he was apparently at home in this strange forest, while Drizzt was a stranger -- and lost. Perhaps there was something dark and dangerous in the South, and the pull Drizzt felt was but an evil spell to lure him to his death. Not that he feared death. In his current state of mind, he would even welcome it. But the cat wanted him to avoid that path, and he had a weak spot for cats. He wanted to learn more about this one. What would he lose if he followed the cat? He could always turn back to the South later. "Very well, friend cat," he murmured. "Let us try your way first. Go on; I shall follow." High up in the impenetrable crown of an ancient oak, Alagos watched the events unfolding before his eyes with great amazement. As a rule, Half-tooth was not a very trusting creature... or a particularly friendly one, not even with Wood-Elves. He accepted King Thranduil as his master – most of the time, that is – he generously tolerated Prince Legolas for the King's sake, and he showed some wary respect to Alagos, like one hunter would to another. Everyone else, he ignored at best, and curious elflings soon learned to leave him alone; for he could slash at one unexpectedly and lightning-fast, and his claws were razor-sharp. For Half-tooth to all but adopt a complete stranger, and one belonging to a previously unknown race, was more than unusual. What could have triggered his protective act? For Alagos knew all too well where that southern path would ultimately lead after crossing uncounted miles of dark, unfriendly forest and even the Mountains of Mirkwood: to Amon Lanc, the Naked Hill, here the most northern fortress of the Enemy stood. Dol Guldur this fortress was called, the Necromancer's Tower – or Dol Dúgol, in the ancient dialect of the Faithful, the Tower of Evil Magic. At first Alagos had been concerned that the stranger seemed so determined to tread the southern path. Was he one of the Enemy's creatures, after all? 'Twas not entirely impossible; ever since that wretched little creature had escaped the Wood-Elves' care, the Enemy's power had been growing steadily. The shadow of Dol Dúgol had been stretching northwards all the time. Never before had Orcs, Wargs, Giant Spiders and only Kémi knew what other fell beasts bothered the woodland realm so much. Not since the Last Alliance. And yet the stranger seemed not to act on his own volition. It looked more as if he had tried to follow a summon too strong to resist. Perhaps he stood under the spell of the Úlairi ; few would be able to resist the enchantment of their leader who once had been the Witch-king of Angmar, the most powerful sorcerer that had ever walked Middle-earth. Alagos was one of these few, for he was older than the Sun and the Moon, and his roots in the earth were deep, his connection to the trees and good beasts was strong. But the stranger, whoever he was – whatever he was – could clearly not be from here, thus the strength of earth and forest could not support him against the Úlairi 's foul witchcraft. And yet he had turned away from the southern path and followed Half-tooth to the East – that showed strength as well as wisdom, and that he had reason (or so he thought) to trust the lynx. Mayhap he had learned to trust cats for some reason. In any case, he was walking with Half-tooth for the time being, and that could lead to further complications. For the eastern path, too, was well-known to Alagos. It was roughly the same route he had followed during his search for Half-tooth... just from the other direction. It was the path that led to the Enchanted River where it joined the Forest River, and, eventually, to the King's underground fortress. Half-tooth was taking his new friend home. Alagos' own choices were woefully limited in the matter. He could send alarms with the help of trees and friendly birds and rouse the patrols – that way he could intercept the stranger ere he came too close to the King's home. Or he could follow him and watch him and confront him on his own when the time was right. He chose the second opinion. He could feel that the stranger was an able and dangerous fighter – a hostile confrontation could cause losses the Would-Elves could not afford, not when they were on the brink of an all-out war with the Enemy. Besides, he wanted to learn more about the stranger first. Thus he sent word to the King that he had found Half-tooth and would return the good beast shortly, and followed the unlikely friends through the treetops, noiselessly and invisibly like a ghost. End notes: (1) Part of the Witch-king's past (particularly his origins) was invented by a firm called Iron Crown Enterprises who specialize in role-playing games, so it is not genuine Tolkien. However, if Stephen Geard found it good enough to include into his "Complete Chronology of Númenor", I thought I can accept it as well. The rest if my invention. (2) The official name of the Spider Queen is Lolth. However, according to Wikipedia (and R. Salvatore's books) she is called Lloth in the Drow tongue. (3) Yes, I know that the figurine of Guenwhyvar is supposed to be unbreakable, unless by some very strong magic. But I could not use the panther in Middle-earth, so I decided to bend canon a little.