his home was in Gondor, he wanted to spend a little time with his family without having to worry what others would want them to be doing. "I am just taking in the beauty of Rohan," she told him honestly. "I was told that Rohan was this barbaric place and I would want to come home as soon as possible." Releasing a laugh that he couldn't contain, Faramir brought his horse to ride next to hers. "Let me take a guess," he said between the laughter. "That old maid of yours, Gretchen, told you this." "She also said I would hate everything about Rohan because it was not Dol Amroth," Lothiriel said as she took a deep breath. "Perhaps that is why I find it so beautiful. Dol Amroth is a beauty to behold, but Rohan has its own beauty as well." "Just like every place does." "Yes," she said with a smile. "I am glad that I have come to see Rohan for myself. I do not know how you talked my father into it since both he and Elphir have stayed behind." "I was honest," Faramir told her. "I truly believe that it will do you some good to be away from home and to build some happier memories now that the war has ended." "You have not seen me in years before the war had ended, Faramir, but you still know me so well." "Lothiriel," he said as he looked at her before looking back to the road again. "You have been strong because you had to for so long. Even before your mother passed away." "I did not wish for my people to think me weak and when the time came for my brothers and father to leave for war, I did not wish for them to doubt me as a ruler." "I do not believe anyone can doubt your rule," Faramir told her. "The people have talked of your bravery and your willingness to help those in the lower cities. You helped your people keep a positive mind while waiting for any news about what was happening." "That was the worst part of it." "Staying positive?" Shaking her head, she glanced at him and then back to the road that they were traveling. It felt a lot longer since they had left her home, but that was because she had not left it in years. "The waiting. Waiting and never knowing what was going to happen with my family and even with you and Boromir." "It was a dark time for all of us," Faramir said. "But now that is all behind us, but we won't forget it. The time has come to allow the good to replace the bad." Nodding her head, Lothiriel knew he was right. There were so many bad memories, but the evil had been defeated and the time had come to remember there were good times ahead. Such as Faramir's wedding to the Lady Eowyn. It was to unite the two different realms, even if both of their kings were friends. But something within her told her that might not be enough. But a Gondorian Princess and the King of Rohan, what a union that would bring to all. Could she leave her home forever and live in a place where there was no sea? The answer was simple, of course she could because it had been a long time since she had gone down to the beaches. Each time she did, it brought her back to the moment where she had found her mother's lifeless body. Shaking her head, Lothiriel cleared the memory from her mind. That was when she saw the large amount of horses upon the hill in front of them. "It would seem that our host has come out to greet us," Faramir said with a grin upon his face. "I wonder whose idea that would have been." "King Eomer or your betrothed would be my guess." "Why would the King of Rohan come out to greet us?" he questioned his cousin with a grin upon his face. "Is there something I should know?" "You mean from the handful of words that I exchanged with the man while he was in Dol Amroth?" "Love at first sight?" Faramir asked, trying to hold in his laughter. "I think you have been speaking to my father about this possible match between myself and the King of Rohan." "It is a good match," Faramir said and then looked at the face of his only female cousin. "But if it makes you unhappy then maybe it isn't such a good match after all." "I do not know the man," Lothiriel told him. "I wish to know the man I intend to spend the rest of my life with. Is that too much to ask?" "You deserve more than an arranged marriage," Faramir told her as they drew closer to the party that awaited their arrival. "But sometimes it isn't so bad. Your parents were happy together." Giving her cousin a smile, they dropped the subject as the King of Rohan and his guard, but there was no sight of the King's sister. It was a disappointment, not just to Faramir but to Lothiriel as well. The two women had gotten along well during their visits. It was strange at first to have another woman around. The last time Lothiriel had remembered there being another woman that wasn't a servant in the castle of Dol Amroth was when her mother was alive. But having Eowyn there had been an entirely different feeling. "Princess Lothiriel," Eomer, King of Rohan said addressing the young woman riding next to his sister's intended. "I welcome you to Rohan." Bowing her head down in respect she gave him a small smile in return. "Thank you for having us King Eomer. Your lands are much different than my home, but the beauty leaves me speechless." A/N: End of the first part. Let me know what you think!