have wounds from fights you have not mentioned. I told you not to lie to me now tell me the truth." Haldir watched as she faltered obviously her tale had been told before and work on many occasion, he felt pride knowing he had not believed it for a moment. She returned her gaze to his and her eyes were full of fury. "What is your name? Or will tree-hugger be suitable." Haldir did not take the bait and replied "My name is Haldir, I am March Warden of these woods." "Well March Warden Haldir, I wear no band because it was too painful to wear, on the night of the first attack my husband was wounded, he made it to the camp we had set up outside the village but he did not live through the night. I travelled to the other village with the women and decided to carry on because I did not want the pain of staying where he was not. As for Dargon, before he was banished from the village he showed interest in me, I was married and had a baby so of course I turned down his advances, he was always around when I was alone, however when Cal was older his interest in me lessened. I was playing with Cal by the river one day, my husband and Cal had gone around the bend of the shore looking for interesting things to show me. Dargon came up behind me and before I could react he attacked me, he was angry that I had ignored his advances, he held me to him and brought a knife down my back." Haldir watched as she stared at her hands again, he wasn't sure if this was the whole truth but he knew the pain in her face and eyes was real. "I think he meant to only cut my clothes but he sliced my skin and I cried out in pain, thankfully my husband had heard the cry and came rushing to my aid, he had met up with the hunters who were coming back to the village. Dargon pushed me away and headed into the forest, he did not return to the village but was banished in his absence. Unfortunately Cal saw Dargon and the knife. Cal does not know of his fathers' death and you will not tell him March Warden." She stood up fast and Haldir saw the flicker of pain across her face, she moved towards the ladder and he stepped in front of her "I told you not to move, you will damage your leg beyond repair, now sit." She did not look at him but Haldir knew if she did she would have tears in her eyes, when she spoke her voice was strong but wavered with emotion "I wish to see Cal, I have told you the truth now please let me see him." She went to move past him and Haldir grabbed the top of her arms firmly but not tightly "You asked me if any travellers had come this way, who are you waiting for?" Haldir felt her sigh but did not drop his grasp of her "My husbands brother Tarnel, before I left the village I left word with another women that I was going home, Tarnel would know where I was heading and would follow me here…if he survived. He would have made good time, over taken us without realising it, I had false hope he would be here." Haldir released her and picked up a water skin handing it to her, "There have been no travellers of any kind around these lands in the past few moons." She nodded and drank from the water skin, she had taken a few gulps before lowering it and frowning at him "Poison, what have you put in this water tree-hugger?" Her vision became blurry and she reached out towards Haldir. "I have put a mix in with the water to help you sleep, I knew you would not rest voluntarily, this was the only way to give your leg a chance to heal." He caught her as she stumbled towards the ladder, she tried to fight against him but Haldir held her tight till she went limp in his arms, the powder was strong acting and at least he knew she would be healing instead of escaping. After placing her on the bed Haldir covered her over and returned to his post, he listened as his men gave their reports, the orcs were killed and now being burnt, Orophin did not appear for a while and when he did he was no longer wearing his cloak. Haldir noticed this and Orophin explained "Cal…he seems to be in love with the life style of an elven warrior, he is asleep at the moment, I told him he could see his mother in the morning, he can can't he." Haldir understood the meaning behind the words "I will not torture the boy with the absence of his mother, though I may need to speak with her again, there is still more to her tale she has not told. We will take them to the city at first light, the Lady will see into her mind and find out the lies I cannot see." After the reports Haldir went to the flet Cal was sleeping on and saw that Orophin had given Cal his cloak to wear, Haldir left almost immediately leaving Orophin to watch over the boy as he returned to the sleeping woman. He managed to get some rest but spent most of the night going over her story in his head, if her tale was true then she had indeed had a long hard journey. There was still something about her he did not trust, her instincts in the forest had been like that of a warrior but she carried no weapons. My First LOTR fic but hopefully not my last. What do you think? SoloSea