taunted. Lucy guessed it was the person she had downloaded the file from. " Now, think back on what I said before . 'I created a program to make you your very own Mary Sue…' You should have listened a bit more clearly. And now it's true. Didn't you notice how you could see every movement in your computer screen? Normal eyes couldn't pick that up. Only an Elf could possibly see those movements. And that smell? You always smell that, just now your senses have gone to supernatural levels. Had the house been quiet you would have also noticed that were a pin to drop, you'd know. And now you're kinda stuck like that. But you have one last choice. Either I 'make you your own Mary Sue' or you go back to the way you were. I must warn you, some changes will take effect whether you stay or go. Or you can contemplate this forever, because while you are here, time will not pass. No one will even notice you're gone…" This torment was too much. She tried to shout at the voice, and possibly demand information, but as soon as the thought entered her mind, it was gone. She tried as hard as she could to hold on to a thought, but she could only get one topic to stay in her mind: Middle Earth, and where to go. And so that was what she thought about. Firstly, if she went back to her world, she would look different. At least in Middle Earth nobody would know she used to be different. And what would her family think, how would they react? In Middle Earth, at least the Elves looked like her. No one in her world came close. People would be wanting her for modeling jobs, and any boys in the general area she was in would probably pass out. It seemed inconvenient, and maybe even dangerous. Plus, wasn't it always her dream to get people to believe Middle Earth was real? Now she could bring back solid proof of it! But then: What if she never got back? What if she could never get back home from Middle Earth? If she would be there forever? Would people notice her missing, or would time not pass? These questions kept Lucy thinking for several hours. Or was it days? Weeks? Years? The only comforting thought that crossed Lucy's mind was that she could think here forever and never get old. Finally, she came to an almost-conclusion: First, she would have to ask a few questions. However, getting her questions across seemed to pose a problem. For, just now, Lucy realized that she had no body. Not only was it dark, it was nothing. Nothing at all. Therefore, speaking could prove difficult when one had no body. Then she went for the telepathic route, which proved more fruitful. "So, before I give you a definitive response, answer two things for me." The other disembodied voice made no reply. 'Which kinds of makes it a disembodied nothing,' Lucy briefly thought, before getting back on topic. "One: Will time pass in the real world, and can I ever get back?" " Ah, but you always said Middle Earth WAS real. Actually, I really can't answer those questions. It would interfere with something already going on as we... telepathically speak. Your other question?" responded the voice calmly, as if she wasn't talking about Lucy's family's potential insanity at their daughter's disappearance. " What could telling me POSSIBLY have to do with anything else!" No response. "Fine. My other question: can I choose where I come in to the story?" The voice almost sounded amused. "Yes, where would you like to come in? Rivendell?" " Umm, no, actually. I want to be found by Aragorn wandering in…wherever it is he wanders right before he meets up with Frodo, and go on with them from there. That way I get to do everything and not have to deal with whiny Hobbits at Bilbo's party. WHICH I might add, was screwed up by the movies, because it was quite a few years after that that Frodo left to Bree." Lucy almost got lost onto a side track when she remembered that people can tell what you're thinking when you're using telepathy. The voice sounded amused again. "You're sure? Just the general area East of Bree, and any time before the Hobbits arrive? Think these things out clearly." And then Lucy realized that she really DID need to think those details through. She could be dropped off anywhere, and at and any time, just as long as she didn't arrive after the Hobbits. Another few hours of thinking and she got it all right. "Put me in the direct path that Aragorn will be following, but one hour ahead of him. And no tricks, I want him to be where I am in exactly one hour. I also want all this to take place just as Aragorn is leaving the wild for Bree, and when he gets there I want the Hobbits there soon after, and again, no tricks. I want the Hobbits that consist of Frodo, Merry, Pippin and Sam. Is all that clear?" Lucy demanded, before realizing that demanding anything from someone who had the power to transport someone to Middle Earth could be a bad idea. The voice didn't seem to mind, or at least never said anything about it. "That's better. You're completely sure? Yes? Okay." And all of a sudden Lucy, now Alya, made contact with the cold, hard ground. To be continued, obviously. Well, how did I do? I reallyreallyREALLY want that program. Except for that 'transporting you to Middle Earth' thing. If anyone has a way to make this, I will actually pay you money. Or maybe not. I don't actually have any money, so I can't. You can pretend I paid you! Hey, and remember: Never download strange files from the internet. See what could happen?