own horse without ever having to touch anything sweaty. Taking the tack off seemed a little less pretentious, less like a meaningless gesture. "We would be pleased if you would join us for breakfast," Elfhelm said as we walked back to the stables. "I'm afraid it won't be anything as elegant as what you are used to," here he didn't disguise a glance in my direction, "but it will fill a hungry belly." The sun was already high and I was accustomed to taking breakfast much earlier. Erchirion glanced at me. "Oh that would be wonderful," I said brightly. 'Less elegant than I was accustomed to' I felt was something of an understatement. The riders spread some clean hay on the ground and laid spare saddle blankets over them in the far corner of the stable. The blankets hadn't been washed recently and they were covered with hair. I'm sure I could have smelled the dirt and sweat on them if we hadn't been in the stable where the only possible smell was dung and horses. Erchirion glanced at me as I surveyed our seating arrangements but I kept my face placid. The last thing in the world I wanted to do was sit down but it was too late to back off so the best thing to do was to just make the best of it. I held out my hand and Erchirion helped me to kneel down on the blankets. I'd have to remember to apologize to Feleas later, I thought as I settled my skirts around me, trying to keep them out of the worst of the muck. I would also have to remember to take the long way so as not to pass by Amrothos' chambers smelling like I did on my way back or I would never hear the end of it. The riders went to fetch our fare while Erchirion and I, as guests, waited. "I was surprised to see you here this morning, Lothíriel," he said when we were alone. "Why?" I said. "I mentioned to you at the feast I had intended to come." He nodded. "Yes, most of the nobles will come. But later in the afternoon when there will be something of a formal tour for King Elessar. Why get up early to come alone?" "Snobbery, I'm sure," I avowed. "I wanted a private tour." The truth was I wasn't sure myself. Perhaps it had been all the glittering helms and the romance of the procession the night before. I wasn't a girl who was used to having her heart beat fast in her chest, not for any reason. I thought perhaps that I had wanted to confirm that it had been just a fluke. Without the grandeur of the situation—the first meeting of two Kings and friends during peace time in front of a cheering, exuberant crowd—I had been sure that I would feel nothing. But quite the contrary, the Rohirrim had seemed somehow even more impressive that morning, stripped of their finery and the ceremony of a formal welcome. I had expected to become bored, as I always did at jousts or tournaments, but I had watched for almost three hours without feeling time pass at all. A fact that I felt was oddly disconcerting. He nodded, but looked at me with a strangely intense expression that I met with blank, docile eyes. When the riders came back Éomer King came with them. They were bearing a large basket with a teacloth over it and a jug that proved to be coffee. I braced myself to compliment whatever came out of the basket and then to break it into small bits and pretend to eat it. But when they opened the basket the aroma that came out was heavenly. The biscuits were made with walnuts and honey and dried cherries and cooked light and fluffy but somehow filling. The coffee was strong and aromatic but not at all bitter or pungent. I felt much better after I had drunk a little and eaten a biscuit and a half. "You ride uncommonly well, King Éomer," I said conversationally as I sipped my coffee. "As King of Rohan I could hardly be expected to ride poorly," he said sharply. "My lady," he added, once he realized how bluntly he had spoken. To my surprise Erchirion spoke up on my behalf. "I think my sister meant to compliment you, my lord," he said, his voice a soft rebuke. To my even further surprise the king looked uncomfortable. "Yes, of course. Forgive me, Lady Lothíriel. That was most ungracious of me." That was an unexpected turn of events. Somehow I seemed to have gotten the best of the honor of the situation. Getting the best of a situation was nothing new to me but no one I sported with traded in the currency of honor. And Erchirion had defended me. Why had he done that? He knew what my reputation at court was. He had ridden with King Éomer at Pelennor fields. And I knew just from this morning that my honor was a single drop in an ocean compared to his. How was it that I had gotten tossed up on the moral high ground like a cast away? "Nothing at all to forgive, my lord. None of us can be expected to be perfect...not before coffee at any rate," I said lightly. It was a strange, new place for me to be—in the right that is—and I savored it so much that I didn't say much for the rest of the meal for fear that I lose my advantage. TBC A huge thanks to the people who reviewed to point out mistakes or tell me how much they liked the story! It is ludicrous how happy it makes me to see a new review. And a huge and special thanks to Lady Bluejay for agreeing to beta this story for me (the nicest thing that's happened to me all week).