was alone, he was an elf, this return to a true elf. But then Nakita screamed and Legolas opened his eyes and screamed himself. Legolas was looking at himself, a though looking into a mirror, standing there on the other side of the bridge, where he originally jumped. His opposite self was white skinned and blood red eyed, breathing heavily, baring his fangs, running on his instincts, running in his hunger for blood. Legolas grabbed Nakita in pure fear, to see his evil self and almost panicked. But through the heavy rain, the sun was raising on the horizon, and Legolas saw his vampire self panic and run back the opposite direction, back into the oncoming humans. He panicked even more and started attacking the men. Bullets again were flying all over the place. But the sunlight was the biggest killer and now being a pure vampire, rather then his vampire elf, Legolas saw that his opposite self was no longer immune to the light of day. Legolas watched in horror, as he watched the vampire self, explode in a cloud of fine dust, when the sunlight hit him, screaming the entire way. The men bolted, running in all directions in fear, of what they had just seen, leaving Legolas and Nakita alone on the ground. Nakita got to her feet and tried to help Legolas to do the same. But his strength had gone, it had failed him and he couldn't move. Then he realised the impossible, he realised that he had lost everything, he realised that he no longer had the choice of whether he could live or die. He may have taken his vampire self's immunity of the sunlight, but the vampire had taken from him, the very thing that made him who he was, the one thing that made him an elf, proving that he had lost the war against the vampire, proofing that he was the strongest. The vampire had taken his immortality. He was dying. He no longer had the choice. In Nakita arms, and he knew it, and one look at Nakita told her the truth. She hugged him and cried over his shoulder. and Legolas could feel his own heart slowing, the temperature of his skin dropping, he was going cold. He tried to hug her back with what little strength he had left. Fear come over Legolas, but he comforted himself, with the thought that he could no longer fail anyone else, he could no longer harm anyone and now was his time, maybe he could find peace. But Legolas had never believed in a life after death, and therefore expected to find nothing. Legolas closed his eyes and Nakita roughed him awake. Legolas opened one elven blue eye and spoke, with a soft, pale voice. "You must go, there is nothing you can do for me, before the men return, and capture you. Please you must go, you must leave this place, it is no longer safe here, not for you!" Legolas was pleading with her. Nakita screamed, saying she would never leaving. She continued to watch over him, until Legolas heard the voiced of the returning men, and he pleaded with her again to leave, and when bullets came flying in her direction, as well as screaming, she had to agree, kissing Legolas on the lips and fleeing across the long grass plains for her life. Leaving him alone. Legolas had spend most of his life alone, and now he was going die alone. He was lying on the ground, his long blonde hair matted in the morning sunlight, his black clothes were torn and blooded and the once magnificent creature had now lost his glory. He could feeling heart slow even further, weakening him even further, and saw the deputy sheriff, standing over him, having made his way across the broken bridge. He laughed as the saw elf lying there, and said, unable to believe his own eyes. "Well, you killed my sheriff, a good, and I'm sure he'd like me to return the favour!" He pointed the gun at Legolas's forehead, and his elven blue eyes widen, as he looked down the barrel of the gun. He was to weak to move, and saw, with extreme horror and fear, the deputy sheriff, with a undisputed smiled on his face of pleasure of catching a killer, pull the trigger of the gun. BANG...! Deep in the heart of the desert, there is a manuscript, written by an unknown author at an unknown time, telling over a four thousand year long extraordinary life of a man, of which no one knew was fact or fiction, myth or legend, and had been of much discussion of the locals for years. Questions were constantly brought up, who was he? Was his real? Was he even human? No one truly knows and one this that is known is that the manuscript tells of a hero, tells of a person who gave his life for everything he knew, to protect the world from evil, suffered the ultimate price for his deeds, and many say that the ending is the true tribute to an amazing person, both real and graceful. For it is written: 'He died saving my life, he died saving the human race, he died knowing he had done all he could, and he died for love. He died a hero, he died magnificent, and died a very special person, for that what he was. He may have suffered, more then any human could ever suffered, both physically and mentally, but in death, he had found gracefulness, in death he has found rest, in death he had earned his right to live forever in heaven, if that is where his extraordinary race, rest in the afterlife. In death he can no longer suffer, and he can found peace among his elders, seeking their guidance, living in the beauty of eternity, now among friends.' Lord of the Rings Fan-Fiction S. M. William s