the sun had no effect on Legolas as a vampire. The sun rose and the vampires panicked, exploding into dust particles as soon as the sunlight hit them. Lord Elrond has spoken that this would happen. Only when the large cloud of dust had cleared could the truth be seen. The sunlight had irradiated all the vampires, apart from Legolas, as planned, but so was, to Aragorn's horror, Samius. Everyone watched, stunned as Aragorn got to his feet, supported by the Captain and a guard. Both Samius and Legolas was surrounded. "How is this possible?" Aragorn asked, numbed with shock. Samius grinned with evil as she replied, "Haven't you guessed?" Samius removed her firey red hair from in front of her ears, which had the distinctive point similar to Legolas. Aragorn's jaw dropped at this, and his wasn't the only one. "Your an elf!" "Yes!" Samius hissed in reply, "I was the first elf to be turned when the vampires arrived almost ten thousand years ago, when they caught me off my guard. That is when I realised that elven vampires are more powerful that the others. So I took over and sent them all to their deaths. It was surprisingly easy, then Sauron took over and I was forced into hiding, until it was my time!" Aragorn drew out his sword, "Your time is over!" and made a charge at Samius, but Legolas had broke free, and blocked Aragorn from Samius. "Legolas?!" Aragorn pleaded for him to move. Everyone was watching the elf. Legolas had to choose, between Samius, his maker, or Aragorn, Son of Arathawn, King of Gondor. Aragorn looked at him, into his blood red eyes, which were squinted in the sunlight. There was complete silence. Then all of a sudden Legolas put both of his hands behind his shoulders and drew out his sharp elven knives. He paused long enough to hear Samius say behind him, with pure evil. "Kill him!" "You first!" Legolas growled and with lightning speed, swung round and drove the knifes deep into Samius's heart and body, causing her to collapse to the floor, heavily bleeding. "Legolas!" Samius hissed in shock, at the betrayal of her perfect companion Legolas's eyes widened, at the sight of the blood, but he looked at Samius, putting his knives to her throat. Samius grinned, he had chosen his side but in killing her, the vampire legacy would live on, as the King of Gondor would not kill him. She straighten herself. 'Then do what you have to do!' she spoke through her soul, so only Legolas would hear. Then with the intense swiftness that he was beautifully built for, swiped the knives across her throat, separating her head from the rest of her body and she burst in a cloud of dust. Legolas let his hands fall to the floor, he had a heavy heart, he had just killed his maker, whether for good or evil, he was unsure. He did not know anymore, and doubted whether he would ever know. Aragorn put a hand on his shoulder and Legolas looked at him, but said nothing. Legolas backed away from Aragorn and looked at Gandalf who had joined in the battle against the vampires, and was standing behind the king and nodded. Putting his knives back in their holders, he ran from the palace, through the city and out into the woodlands. "Legolas!" Gimili called after his friend but Aragorn held him back with this free hand and shook is head. The elf was different now, Legolas was a vampire and would always remain one. "Gondor will protect him!" he said with a heavy heart, just before his feet gave way from under him and was taken to get medical aid, for the second time. If the king wanted Legolas to be protected, Gondor would see that it was done, whatever the reasons. Aragorn knew that Legolas would never leave Gondor, as he would protect its great city, as it would protect him. The days turned into weeks and Legolas, was sometimes seen in the newly grown woodlands surrounding Minus Tirith, but he never entered the city even though the suffering and the constant battle between the vampire and elven souls could always be seen through his still blood red eyes. As the weeks turned into months and then years, rumours grew as a new king came to the throne of Gondor. They say that it is a dangerous road, to trek through the woods of Gondor at night, especially the woodlands of Minas Tirith, its great capital. They say that there is something among the trees that does not sleep and is always watching. No one knows whether this force is good or evil but what is known is that it is there for Gondor's protection. But at a price. Anyone who ventures into the woods at night, is never seen again, taken by this force, but even Gondor's enemies fell victims to this force. This force has been living in the woodlands of Minas Tirith, casting its long shadow over the city, for as long as people could remember, but only the older generation of the population in the city knew who it really was. Only the King of Gondor, was guaranteed safe passage through the woodlands, at any time of the day, or night, but occasionally there were survivors who had ventured out into the woods and had managed to return to the city, alive. They say that the force is cold, swift and silent, constantly watching their every move, following them through the woods, and they say that through the darkness, there is an intense, bitter cold, no matter what time of year it is, all that can ever be seen of this force is a pair of glowing blood red eyes staring at you, silhouetted in the darkness of the trees, waiting, ready to strike you down, if you ever dare to move. Lord of the Rings Fan-Fiction S. M. Williams