stitched wound, he bound it and stood. Grabbing his bow and arrows, he slipped into the forest to hunt for food. (I)(I)(I) Legolas slowly blinked as consciousness returned to him slowly. Turning his head, he looked around the camp but did not see the human anywhere. The fire burned brightly so he must be around to keep the fire going. Attempting to sit up, he fell back with a muted cry and pressed his hands over the abdomen wound. Panting with pain, he clenched his eyes shut and pressed his head back against the folded clothe under his head. "It would be best if you not move for a while or you may pull my stitches." Legolas' head snapped around to see who spoke and looked to the human as he emerged from the forest. In his hand were three rabbits which he carefully laid by the fire. Setting his bow by his bedroll, Aragorn set a pot of water in the fire and started to skin the rabbits. "Who are you?" "You may call me Strider. What realm do you hail from, Master Elf?" "Nowhere you would know, human." "If I had to choose, I would say either Lorien or Mirkwood. But Lorien elves are usually more polite so I would place my bet on Mirkwood. Am I close?" he asked and tossed the meat into the pot to cook. Legolas said nothing and turned his head to look at the horse. He slowly looked over the beautiful animal and saw the distinctive elvish traits in the animal. The human probably stole the horse from an elf. But why did he help him now? Maybe to ransom him to his father for money or jewels? "Did you steal the horse?" he asked and heard the human stop what he was doing. He looked over to where the human kneeled and saw the gray eyes staring at him. The human's eyes bore into him and he resisted the urge to look away. "No, I did not steal the horse. She was a gift for my birthday from my brothers." "Oh, so your brothers stole her and then gave her to you. Not that different from you stealing her." "Master Elf, if you were not injured then I certainly would injure you myself. You can insult me all you like but you do not insult my family, ever," Aragorn growled and turned back to the cooking pot. His sharp knife cut into the rabbit's flesh with more force until all three rabbits were skinned and cooking. Selecting a few herbs, he tossed them into the pot and slowly stirred the contents. He needed to redirect the anger that was currently aimed at the injured elf. Maybe poison his food, he snickered and shook his head. Sighing, he grabbed two tin bowls and scooped out some stew. Standing, he walked over to the elf and knelt to put down the food. Gently lifting the elf's foot, he carefully felt the break and noticed the reduced swelling. Taking his pack, he helped the elf sit up and moved the pack behind the elf to lean against. Handing the bowl to the elf, Aragorn had to grab for the bowl when the elf dropped it out of weakness. Hissing as the hot liquid splashed on his hand, Aragorn grimaced before the pain faded. Holding the spoon, he lifted a spoonful of stew and held it for the elf to eat. Almost instantly, he could see the refusal to be fed by a human flash up in the elf's eyes. "You need to eat to get healthy and strong again. And since you can not feed yourself then I will help you," Aragorn said with a sigh. "I do not need to be handfed, human." Aragorn rolled his eyes and resisted the urge to rub his forehead. He should have known that the elf would react like this. Elves were very proud creatures and this elf seemed to be very prideful. "Do you want to feed yourself? Because if you can, then go right ahead," he said and held out the bowl. The two squared off for a moment before Legolas reached for the bowl. Knowing the elf wouldn't be able to hold the bowl, Aragorn helped support the bowl as the elf slowly ate some of the stew. When the elf shook his head for no more, Aragorn offered a skin of water and helped the elf drink from it. Sitting back, Aragorn looked up to the sky and sighed. "We will be leaving tomorrow morning," he said and collected the bowls to rinse them out in the stream. "Where are you taking me?" Legolas asked as he watched the human walk away. "My brothers are going to meet me in a few days. We need to leave now if we are going to make it on time with your injury. Once we meet with them then we would travel to camp and then to my home, I would think." "And keep me against my will. Took me from one prison to another." "Or I could leave you here and let you try to get home on your own. But do remember that you are severely injured and lack any weapons, which ever if you did possess weapons, I highly doubt you would be able to defeat a child. You are much safer with me," Aragorn said and packed away the bowls. (I)(I)(I)(I)(I) Well here is my new story that has been running around in my mind for a few weeks. It is my take on how Legolas and Aragorn may have met. Updating may be sporadic but I will try my hardest to update reasonable quickly. I am also working on the sequel to 'An Ancient Bond' so once I have a good bit of that written then I will post that. So, until then, enjoy and I hope to hear from the readers. More reviews help me to write faster (hint hint).