the tension on his bow, his arrow ready to strike and with his own voice, cold, emotionless and toneless, he spoke back. "Aratheidon?!" he growled, staring the man in the eyes. The king laughed, a cold harsh laugh that was not human. "Aratheidon!" He grinned, through the darkness his arrogance profound. "Don't kid yourself. The human, has been under my control since he was a child. Why do you think I took such a fascination in you, your a vampire elf, a perfect mixture of the vampire evil over your precious elven goodness. More power then any human. Your a beautiful creature, my friend!" and at these words, the evil essence that had taken over the king for all these years, left him in a split second and swirls around Legolas. He watched helplessly as the human fell to the ground, dying as the essence took him over. If Legolas had thought that his vampire soul was evil, then the essence had no comparison. It was evil at its purest and Legolas recognised it instantly. He fell to his knees as the evil took him over, his vampire soul rapidly took him over. "Sauron!" Legolas spoke in horror, as the blackness took over him, the thirst for blood extreme. Legolas had to fight. He looked within his elven soul and with the extreme strength, to try and fight Sauron from the inside out. "How is this possible?" Legolas gasped, struggling against the evil. It was a though his own vampire soul was eating him, ripping him to pieces, from the inside, the pain was unbearable. Sauron laughed. "My essence was not just in the one ring, part of it survived. I was defeated not destroyed. For I can never be destroyed and therefore you can not fight me!" He laughed cold and evilly at Legolas who his felt the vampire anger swell up inside him, trying to gain some control. Legolas noticed that Sauron's essence was only strong enough to take one host at a time and was nowhere near as powerful as during the War of the Ring, he could be destroyed for good, but how? "I thought you might fight, as helpless as it seems, you can't destroy me, you would have to kill yourself first!" Sauron laughed, grinning as Legolas struggled. Evil has to be fought evil, and Legolas knew this and with a force, unknown to Legolas himself and with no idea how, he felt the complete joining of his vampire and elven souls and with a burst of his pure evil, he forced Sauron out of his body and back into Aratheidon. He got to his feet, shocked at Legolas's inner power. the king was in shock, as Legolas was cowering on the floor. "How?" "Like this?" Legolas look Aratheidon in the eyes, his own deep blood red, now almost black eyes glowing, and with strength, he never knew he had, gave a vampire raw. With anger beyond anything he ever encounter before, anger like the bubbling from Mount Doom itself, he produced a burst of speed and elegant swiftness that was beyond anything any vampire or elf could have produced separately, ran behind the man, bared his fangs and sunk them deep into the neck of the king, and drank very fast, faster then Sauron could fight. Legolas grabbed him, with such strength that he felt the human's rips crack and crush under their immense power, his spin break. If Aratheidon was going to die, then he was going to Sauron down with him. Legolas drank the blood with a thirst unlike anything he had ever felt before. He wanted this man dead and would stop at nothing until he reached his goal. Legolas's lust for killing was now unmatched, not even Sauron. But he felt more then just blood flow into his body, but it wasn't the essence Sauron, he was dying along with the king. But then all of a sudden Legolas was throw off the king with such force that he fell hard on to the ground, the king falling next to him dead, Sauron finally destroyed. Legolas had left the fate of Men hanging in the balance by killing their only king, with no heir to the throne of Gondor, he knew a civil war would break out from the population that had survived. He knew that many more would die, but now nothing could be done, not now, not ever, as humans were destined to destroy themselves. All because of a failure. Legolas was lying on his back, breathing heavily, the anger still strong but quickly fading, along with his strength, a darkness taking him over. He may have been an elegant creature, blood dripping from his fangs, deep blood red eyes glowing, but fading, his long blonde hair spread out was along the ground in the low lit moonlight, as if close to death, but not the end. His beautiful green and blown elven clothing, were torn, cover with blood dirt and blood, mainly his own. Not a sound could be heard in Mordor, and across Middle-Earth. He felt himself passing out but fought against the fading light, the darkness, with what little energy he had left, he became more and more tired, his mind spinning. He felt himself falling, falling through space, for infinity. He felt himself go out of all thought and time, through the mist and shadow, through into a blackness and death beyond all mortal perception. The elf was out cold, pale white, against the black beaten ground of Mordor, waiting for the next evil, to take over. Vampire immorality is unlike elf immorality, cheating death becoming a fine art, but at a cost, loneliness and now failure, for all eternity. For let time stand still. For one creature, time has no meaning. Immortal, good, and evil, powerful and yet weak, lying still yet magnificent, unlike any other creature found on this earth or since. Lord of the Rings Fan-Fiction S. M. William s