felt the familiar smell of rain. "It hadn't stopped at all," Aragorn said unhappily, looking at the pouring water. "We cannot escape both earth and water at the same time, remember?" Legolas asked with a smile. "We must choose now. If you want, we may wait here for the rain to stop." Aragorn shook his head determinedly. "I do now wish to spend a second more in that cave. Or in any cave for that matter." "Understandable." Legolas nodded in approval. "Now you know exactly how I feel." Because of the rain it took them longer than it normally would to determine where they were, but soon enough they discovered that the clearing where they were supposed to meet with Gandalf wasn't too far away. Aragorn didn't even mind the mud anymore and even blessed the rain, pouring on their heads. It was comforting to feel the sky above you and breathe the fresh forest air. "I am worried that we have made Gandalf wait for too long," he said, quickening his pace. "Well, we had a good reason," Legolas pointed out. "Being burying under ground and arriving on time don't usually go well together." "Then, please tell me, why did we choose the first?" The ranger asked exasperated. Then he frowned in surprise and stared at the clearing they had just reached. It was as empty as they had left it. "Gandalf isn't here," Legolas stated the obvious. "Maybe he came, saw that we weren't here, and left," the man suggested. "I see no sigh of anyone passing through here, but the rain has washed all tracks," the elf observed. "Perhaps we should wait for a day or two more." They sat in the mud and leaned their backs against a tree. "Now we are facing both," Aragorn said. "Water and earth. Water is pouring over us, and earth," he held up his palm filled with mud, "is making us dirty." "Fortunately for you, human, you don't mind being dirty," Legolas said, faking a disgusted face. "And, unfortunately for you, you do," the young man said with a smile and threw the handful of mud towards his fair friend. Legolas glared at him and was about to return the gesture, but the look on the ranger's face stopped him. "Thank you," Aragorn said suddenly. The elf raised an eyebrow in surprise. "In such a case you are supposed to say 'I am sorry,'" he said dryly. "No." The man shook his head. "I meant to say thank you for walking out of the tunnel with me." Legolas smiled. "Anytime, my friend. Although I have to admit that I am starting to regret it," he added mischievously and threw a handful of mud in the young human's direction, deftly ducking the one thrown at him. If the wizard had arrived at that point, he would have barely recognized the two covered in mud creatures to be his friends. On the next day the rain had finally stopped, and the two had washed from the mud and dried their clothes. The fire was burning merrily, the slender flames dancing before their eyes. Suddenly they heard a quiet travel song and jumped to their feet. A small cart was approaching, and in it they could see an elderly man with a grey cloak and a pointed hat. They exchanged an amused glance and grinned at each other. "What took you so long?" Aragorn asked when the wizard approached them. "I am sorry, my friends," Gandalf murmured and his eyes took a faraway look, as if he was at another time and place. "I was delayed." The elf and the ranger exchanged a glance once again. "You didn't expect him to say something decipherable, did you?" Legolas asked with a smile. "Not really," the man replied. "But we were almost drowned in water, buried under the earth, faced lack of fire and air, and all he says is 'I was delayed'." Gandalf sighed. "Then I hope it will be enough to promise that it will never happen again," he said. The elf shrugged. "I suppose this will have to do. One delay is alright, but do not make it a habit." The wizard nodded in relief. "Then you have my promise. I will never be delayed again." sixty-five years later Gandalf was sitting on a chair, gazing at the sleeping hobbit. He still could not believe he had been late once again. And, just like the first time, someone he loved dearly had almost died because of his delay. Blue eyes suddenly fluttered opened. "Where am I?" Murmured Frodo, still half-asleep. The wizard gazed at the waking hobbit and smiled warmly. "You are in the house of Elrond. And it is 10 o'clock in the morning, on October the 24th if you want to know." "Gandalf!" "Yes. I'm here", the wizard said, looking greatly relieved. "And you're lucky to be here too. A few more hours and you would have been beyond our aid. But you have some strength in you, my dear hobbit!" Frodo frowned in confusion and looked at his friend. "What happened Gandalf? Why didn't you meet us?" "Oh, I am sorry Frodo…. I was delayed." A snort of disbelief made him turn around. Strider was standing in the corner, watching him with an annoyingly amused expression. "I believe it is time for you to change your saying, my old friend." "My saying?" The Istar asked surprised. "Yes. 'A wizard is never late. Nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to.' You must change it to something more fitting." "And what should I change it to?" Aragorn's smile broadened before he spoke. "A wizard is never late. Except when he is delayed." Gandalf blushed in a very un-maia-like manner and was about to retort, when Frodo's merry laughter made him smile. Perhaps his new line was fitting. Yes, it was fitting indeed. And now he truly hoped that he would never again be delayed. The End 10