passing it off to Merry to exam carefully. "In our culture, it is customary to exchange bands at what you call weddings. This ring belongs to my wife, Eleniel. I have hers and she has mine as a token of her memories and love." Legolas glared at Gimili sitting suddenly very guiltily beside Sam. "She is not a mistress of any sort and our kind do not keep such company." He nearly spat. Legolas turned back to an astonished group of hobbits and said, "She gave it to me in hope that I may live through this trial and return home safely." "She also gave it to him so that it might remind him to stay out of trouble, since, and I quote, "She could not do so herself."" Aragorn smirked. "A lot good it's done you so far." "Perhaps Lady Arwen would like you have her own pendant back then?" It was now Legolas' turn to raise an eyebrow. Aragorn blushed in the firelight, shaking his head but remaining silent to the comment. Frodo saw his calloused hands move to his neck, digging inside his shirt for something he could not see. "Eleniel would have joined us if she did not have the children to look after, though they need little looking after anymore. But I miss her company greatly," Legolas said quietly. His comments nearly sent Frodo into shock. He had barely heard the elf speak and when he did, it was only to Aragorn and never about any family he might have. It was hard to believe that a few rude comments from Gimili had caused such an outburst. All four hobbits now looked at Legolas bewildered; Boromir sat behind them, chuckling and smiling. He was enjoying the conversation as much as they were. "You? "A father?" "To how many?" They heard Aragorn and Boromir laughing in the background, Legolas laughed with them. "Three boys." He smiled. "Perhaps now you would like to voice an apology, Master Gimili?" Gimili only inclined his head slightly. Legolas sighed, he had given up for tonight. "I will accept that only for now." He glared. "Mind you Master Dwarf, I am much kinder than my wife." "I would take his warning Gimili," Aragorn called from his side of the fire. "Eleniel is not to be underestimated by any means. At a very young age, she was named one of Greenwood's captains and as the only female at the time allowed in the King's army. If that does not make you think, I do indeed pity you." "Enough for now, off to rest all of you. Come on, we've not much time left." Boromir yawned as he ordered them to rest. He smiled at Legolas before laying down on his own sleeping mat. "You too Legolas, your stories must be put on a hold for now. I am sure we will hear more questions about your peculiar life once we have all had some rest." "I have no doubt," Legolas smiled, looking at Pippin and holding out his hand for the hobbit to place the ring and necktie back in his pale hand. Pippin watched Legolas slip the throng on carefully, securing the knot in the back tightly. "Why do you not wear the ring then?" He asked. "I fear I will lose it in battle and never be able to find it again. Or that I may damage it beyond repair." "I don't understand, it's just a ring." Pippin shrugged, his confused expression truly showing he had little understanding of its importance. "No Master Pippin, it is more than a ring." Legolas smiled even wider for the hobbit. "Eleniel and I made these rings when we were children as a promise to always stand beside each other as the closest of friends. This was before Aragorn was alive I'm afraid," They heard a snort come from the Ranger. "They are tokens of our memories together and now our love for each other and our family. Perhaps Dwarves do not understand that importance." Legolas stood, allowing his last gibe to sink into Gimili's thoughts before he himself returned to his mat and settled down to sleep. Sam turned on his side and glared at Gimili. "You owe Master Legolas a rather big apology, I expect you do it before we leave these Mines, Sir." And Sam was sleep before he could utter another word. Gimili lay on his back, wishing maybe he should have held his tongue a little tighter on his last comment to the elf and maybe been a little more graceful in his apology. Gandalf woke them some hours later, not that they could really distinguish time in the Mines. Everything was done by estimate or guessing, though that mattered little. He allowed them a brief moment to stretch and pack up, all the more saying he had finally remembered the correct route they should take, pointing and shaking his staff in the direction of the nearest stairway to them. Gandalf stood away from the group, watching as they scampered around to roll up their mats and possessions. He paid a particular eye to Gimili and Legolas' behavior, noting that their elf campaign seemed happier and kinder spirited than he been in the last few days and that Gimili was looking a little sour. The gray wizard overheard a piece of conversation between Legolas and Aragorn that the wizard smile even wider. "...he apologized?" Aragorn gapped. "Yes," Legolas smirked, rolling up his mat and sticking it in Aragorn's pack. "He said he couldn't sleep because it was on his mind." "Speaking of sleep, what were you smiling about? I woke up to you and this silly grin!" Legolas spied Gimili in the corner of his eye, his body slightly turned in their direction. He gave the Dwarf a coy smile, "Trees. Lots of trees and enchanting songs." Legolas watched Gimili nearly stomp up the rest of the stairs towards Gandalf and the others, grumbling and muttering all the way.