is not very fond of young, arrogant, overconfident mortals who look into it without my permission," she smiled at the young man, who had just acquired a curious shade of red. "I also made a mistake. I should have stopped you immediately, but I didn't know that your life was in real danger before I looked into the mirror. Then I sent Haldir right after you. But it is you, Estel, and I should have known that you'll get into trouble." "Am I that predictable?" the ranger grinned. "Actually yes, penneth. But don't worry, your brothers and Legolas are fine and they are coming soon. They don't know that you are here, and I'm sure they'll be happy to see you. Although I don't think they'll be very happy when they find out that you nearly got yourself killed." Gray eyes widened in shock, "You are not going to tell them!" "I'll think about it," Galadriel smiled. "But tell me something, Estel. Why did you look into the mirror?" Estel suddenly turned an even darker shade of red. "Well, I wanted to look into my future…" he murmured almost indistinctively, giving her his most brilliant and innocent smile. "What exactly did you want to see?" she asked and carefully observed her foster grandson with an amused smile. Galadriel was sure that a human was unable to become brighter red than this, but she was once again proven wrong. "Umm, nothing specific really. I just…" "You just wanted to see her ," she smiled. Huge eyes turned towards her. She knew?! "Who told you?" Estel managed to mutter. "I don't need to be told to know, penneth," Galadriel smiled mysteriously. "Just tell me this – do you still want to see her?" The young ranger stared in disbelief. There was no accusation, no contempt. Or maybe this was just a test. He was afraid to say yes, but finally he couldn't help himself. "May I?" he asked eagerly and Galadriel smiled warmly at him. "Come, Estel," she helped him get up. Estel walked slowly, trying to get his frozen feet back to work. Finally, they reached the mirror. Galadriel took a ewer and poured water into the silver basin. "Look!" she commanded softly. Estel eyed the mirror hesitantly, "What am I going to see?" "I don't know, young one," she admitted. "But there is only one way to find out." She motioned to him to come forward. Estel looked into the mirror. At first he saw only his own reflection, his face still pale from his last ordeal. But then the surface suddenly cleared and he gasped at the view. He had never seen it before, but he knew it nonetheless. He had heard and read about it in so many legends. But even if he hadn't, he still would have known it. The White City. The point of view suddenly changed and he was looking inside the City. He could see people walking on the streets, chatting blissfully and smiling. Then the mirror shifted once again, giving him a look inside the palace. And there, sitting on a bed was a slender form in a blue dress. She turned towards him and her beautiful face broke into a smile. Estel's heart skipped a bit. He looked at her in fascination, but it wasn't Arwen that captured him. Because there, in her arms, was the most perfect creature that had ever existed. The fair face was surrounded by dark wavy hair. His hair. Two huge gray eyes stared at him. The boy was playing with his mother's hair, but then he squeaked happily and stretched his small arms in the air. Suddenly this amazing creature turned towards him and pointed a cute little finger right at his face. "Nana, Ada is coming!" he blabbered excitedly. The vision suddenly went away, leaving Estel staring at the mirror. "Is this real?" he whispered. "Is this going to happen?" "I don't know the answer to this, Estel," Galadriel spoke. "It might or might not, there are many forces in this world and you can't control them all. But I feel that if you walk along your path and don't stray, and if your heart stays true, this vision can very well become real. And this is something you can control. But even if it comes true it can be fifty, even sixty or seventy years from now." Galadriel smiled at the young ranger who suddenly looked too serious for his age. "Don't trouble yourself with this. You almost died today, you need to sleep and rest. Besides," she added with a slightly conspiratorial grin, "your brothers and Legolas are arriving tomorrow and you certainly don't look well. You need to come up with a believable explanation, unless you want me to tell them the truth." But Estel didn't even hear her. His mind was lost somewhere, so far away in space and time. He had seen many visions in this mirror. Some were true, some were not, but he didn't care. All he cared about was the smiling little face, lost in wavy dark locks, and the enormous gray eyes that stared at him with love and curiosity. The mirror lied to him many times, but he knew that this face was real. And he would fight to make it come true. THE END I know, that's probably my worst story, I wrote it during a writer's block, and the plot seems to me a bit disorganized. But if you managed to read it until the end, please tell me what you think. I really value your opinion :) The Estel Angst Central Competition, Spiders will close on April 30 . If you want to participate, read the stories already submitted, or just take a look, links could be found on my profile page. To everyone reading "Unbreakable" and "Friendship is a Family Trait" – I'm sorry I'm making you wait… once again. I'll update as soon as I can! Thanks for reading! 9