happened. His injured leg buckled under him and slipped forward, finding only emptiness beneath it. Estel had to suppress a cry as he fell down. He could catch a glimpse of what lay below. He could clearly see the ground and there were no branches on his way, nothing to stop his fall. Estel exhaled sharply as his back collided with something hard, forcefully pushing the air out of his lungs. The human blinked in surprise. He wasn't dead?! The fall to the ground was long, it would surely kill him! He tried to turn around and suddenly froze in terror. He was still on the tree! Estel tried to look around as carefully as possible. Apparently he had fallen on some branches way above the ground. But this was impossible! He was sure he had seen no branches on his way down. Had the tree moved?! He grinned slightly at the absurdity of this thought. Of course trees couldn't move. Besides, she had no reason to do it, she hated him. But what had happened then? Suddenly a wind blew past him and the leaves rustled softly. Be careful, young one! You could use those charming silver eyes of yours to watch where you put your feet! Estel gasped and blinked in surprise. Had he really heard that?! Had the tree just spoken to him? He swiftly climbed several branches up and sat down. Did you talk to me? Did you save me? He wished with all his heart that the tree would hear him, that she would understand him. But the only answer he received was the soft rustling of leaves, and he was unable to discern the words. Estel didn't know if he had really heard the words, or if it had been only his imagination, but the incident had a surprisingly calming effect on him. Whether the tree had spoken to him or not didn't matter. What mattered was what he felt. And he could feel that the tree most definitely didn't hate him and would never let him fall. The exhausted human rested his back on the trunk and drifted into deep sleep. The orcs were unprepared for what came upon them. Numerous elven arrows flew at them with deadly accuracy, each finding its mark. The fight was brief, and no elf received any major injuries. Legolas approached the tree and looked up. "Estel, they are gone! You can come down now. Do you need help, mellon nîn ?" There was no answer and the elves exchanged worried glances. "Estel!" Elladan shouted. "Can you come down by yourself?" Again no one answered, and the peredhel 's fear started to turn into panic. "Estel! Answer me!" He shouted almost frantically. If his brother wasn't on the tree, he must have climbed or fallen down. And down were the orcs. He didn't want to think about the implications of that. The three elves quickly scanned the ground for any signs of their friend's and brother's body, and sighed in relief. But still this silence scared them. After shouting several more times, Elladan was about to climb the tree. Suddenly a grinning human leapt lightly from the branch above. "Oh, you are here already," he observed. Poor Estel was completely caught off guard when Elladan grabbed his tunic and lifted him in the air. "You scared the life out of me! Why didn't you answer?" "You have been calling me?" The young human seemed genuinely surprised. "I'm sorry, I haven't heard you." "What!" Elladan was incredulous. "Estel, are you deaf! I'm sure they heard me even in Imladris!" "I'm not deaf," the man replied almost offended. "I was only sleeping." The older peredhel was so shocked by this reply, that he dropped his brother to the ground. "You what?!" Three voices asked at the same time. "Estel, you cannot sleep on trees," Legolas pointed out. "We all know how much you hate being on a tree." "What made you think so?" The man lifted his eyebrows in surprise. "My friend, I can assure you that you are wrong." "He is not himself," Elrohir murmured. "Legolas, are you sure he didn't hit his head?" The Prince of Mirkwood shrugged. "I only know of his leg injury, but Estel likes to hide his wounds. A severe head injury wouldn't surprise me at all." "I don't know what has happened, but something is surely wrong with him," Elladan said. "We must take him to ada immediately." Estel found it quite amusing that they were talking as if he wasn't there. He realized what the source of their confusion was, and this amused him even more. "We will go to ada , but I must do something first," he said suddenly, and before the elves could blink in shock, he had limped back to the tree, his hand placed on the trunk. " Le hannon o gûr nîn! Le vellon nîn an-uir . I thank you from my heart! You are my friend forever. " The two peredhil exchanged a horrified glance, now completely sure that their little brother was insane. Had the human just spoken to the tree? "He must have injured his head," Elladan whispered. "His mind is clearly not the same." "My mind didn't change, brother," Estel smiled. "My heart did." Legolas suddenly smiled knowingly. "So you learned how to talk to trees at last?" The human nodded. And then the wind blew once again, and the green leaves rustled. Estel grinned mischievously. "She just asked me how a reasonable man like me could stand the company of three prissy elves," he said and quickly ducked to avoid the twins' packs flying at him. When he rose, he noticed that Legolas was still smiling. The elf whispered something which made the human blush and smile in return. I am proud of you. THE END Thanks for reading and reviews are appreciated, like always :) Note: The last chapter of "Friendship is a Family Trait" is coming very soon. 8