the old Wizard's face before he nodded to her, and with that she gained the strength needed to stand proud behind the little Ring Bearer, the powerful Gondorian beside her. Then a cry of disapproval rang out, and another small man came scurrying into view, only to stumble to a stop beside Frodo and cross his arms determinedly. "Mr. Frodo's not going anywhere without me." Elrond smiled faintly and lightly chided the new arrival, only to turn around in surprise when another cry rang out and two more small men ran forward. "Wait, we're coming too! You'll have to send us off tied up in a sack to stop us!" One said with a smile, glancing at Frodo. "Anyway, you need people of intelligence on this sort of..mission..quest...thing." The little man nodded and stood proud, and Alandria smiled slightly at the loyalty of such little creatures. "Well that rules you out, Pip." Said one new arrival to the other that had just spoken. Alandria smiled again, and then proudly faced Elrond, who was observing their odd assortment of companions with faint amusement. "Ten companions..so be it. You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring." "Great!" Chirped the silly little curly headed man, Pip, one had called him. "Where are we going?" The other little people beside him stared in mild surprise, only to shake their heads and turn away with a laugh. Frodo stepped forward to once again claim the Ring, and Elrond bade them to start planning and preparing for their journey, for it would be difficult and long. The little men quickly disappeared in a babble of cheer, while Legolas silently disappeared and Gimli strode off with a grumble. Soon Alandria was left in the bare courtyard with Gandalf and the two strange men, Aragorn and Boromir. The Ranger seemed merely to observe her presence, perhaps wondering what use she would serve. The Gondorian's stare was calculating, and thoughtful. Gandalf ignored the other two however, and clasped her shoulder firmly in his aged hand, a smile on his bearded face. "I am pleased to have you join us, Lady of the Rohirrim. Your strength in the wild and skill with a sword may be put well to use. And a group of such personalities made need a female touch from time to time." He added with a wink and yet another smile. "Be welcome, and ready yourself for the journey." Alandria nodded, but spoke softly, uneasy to have the nearby men overhear her. "Thank you Master Gandalf, but sir, I do not know of the companions I have chosen to travel with. Will you not tell me of the little men who are so abundant and eager to put their lives at stake? And the Heir of Isildur - is it true?" Gandalf nodded, but gave no comforting reply. "All in time, my dear. You will find out in time. As for the Ring Bearer and his companions, however, they are kindred of the Hobbits, from the Shire. Small folk, but you will find them hearty indeed. Now," He smiled broadly again. "We have not much time to waste, for the shadows of the East do not rest. Prepare yourself, my lady, and we will speak again." She nodded, as the bent man began to wander away. "Thank you, Master Gandalf. I look forward to the journey." He nodded, and was soon out of sight. Alandria sighed, closing her eyes for a moment in prayer for strength for what burden she had just taken on. When she opened them, the grey-blue eyes of Gondor were focused on her. Aragorn had disappeared, but Boromir still stood in the now nearly silent courtyard, and studied her with no shame. He stepped forward then, and she found herself having to fight not to step away. His outbursts about the Ring earlier had her on edge, wary as to what side he was truly on. "Pardon, my lady, but you are a face I do not recognize here." He spoke softly and studied her gently, with each second growing less threatening. "You say you are of the Rohirrim?" She nodded. "Yes, Lord Boromir. I am Alandria, daughter of Elrendyn. I come from Edoras." She bowed to him same as she had bowed to the Hobbit. "May I ask how it is that a lady should be sent into such perils, and not a man of Rohan?" Alandria's leaf-green eyes flashed for an instant, before calming. "A woman may fight just as valiantly as a man, my lord. I had only to prove myself." "King Thèoden sent you?" "I sent myself, sir." She announced proudly, standing taller. "I received news from Gandalf Greyhame of a meeting in Rivendell, a Council to discuss the fate of the free peoples of Middle Earth, and asked leave of my lord. The shadow of the East is near in Rohan, and darkness is beginning to plague my land. I join the Fellowship in hope to banish the Dark Lord once and for all - and if I do not make it that far, I will die trying to make it so." The handsome Gondorian nodded, no mockery or amusement in his eyes as she had so readily expected. "Then we are here for the same purpose, Lady of Rohan. For I am Boromir, son of Denethor," He bowed in return to her. "And too dark have the white walls of my city become for my liking. I travel here on the word of Gandalf the Grey, and joined the allegiance to see the dark powers of Mordor cast shadow no more. I am pleased to see a mortal face with same desires." "And I as well." She agreed. "Pleased I am, to make your acquiantance Lord Boromir, but I fear I must prepare now. I look forward to traveling, and if so be it, fighting, beside you." She bowed slightly again, and as he returned it, strode away with ease. Perhaps he was no threat after all.