-o- All is over now. Her beloved uncle is dead, and both her brother and the man, who had stolen her hopes and dreams, have gone to a hopeless war against the Shadow, from which no one expected them to return. Not much time was left before their final defeat and the enemy's further advances. Rohan and Gondor would be no more. Mankind would be no more. She wishes she has gone with her brother to die a swift death by a blade, instead of being left here to face this slow torment. Every morning she wakes up and wishes to go back to sleep. She has no will to open her eyes, no will to fight this malady, no will to recover. Death is the easier road to take now, and she prays it will come swiftly. She envies Aragorn and her brother for being able to ride into battle and die like heroes, and not sick and weak in the Houses and Healing as she would. She has done her great deed now, and everyone respects her for it, but it has brought her no happiness. She wishes the Witch King had killed her and Aragorn had never brought her back. A hero's life has not been her wish – she has desired a hero's death. Ashamed, she realizes that she has not ridden into battle because she is brave. She has ridden to seek her own death because she is a coward. Because life is too dark and painful and she does not have the strength to face it and fight it. Healers often come to check on her, and maids come to bring her food and water. And in all of their eyes she sees the same thing – pity. The same pity she has once seen in Aragorn's. Do they all know? She is so ashamed, ashamed that so many know the deep secrets of her wounded heart. She wishes she could cover herself under the blanket and never get out of this bed, never face them again. She wishes she was an Elf, so that she could fade from her grief. But she is no Elf and she has to keep on living. And she has to face their pity every waking moment. And yet, there is one who does not offer her pity. He offers her respect. He offers her understanding. And he offers her love. He offers her what Aragorn never could. Faramir shames her. He has suffered like her, and perhaps more. He has lost his brother and is the last one left of his line, while she still has Éomer. And still, he has not given in to the darkness and forsaken life, like she has. She has heard the healers speak of Faramir. They have described him as a gentle spirit, more interested in books and songs and lore, than in battles and weapons. He is a scholar, they say, and no warrior. They are wrong. For Éowyn knows that one who has faced so much sorrow and has kept the will to live and to love is the bravest and strongest fighter of them all. And he is a much greater warrior than she has ever been. And now this brave man, this valiant man, has offered her his love. And she knows that she can love him back, that she does love him back. Her heart yearns for him to fill the void that has existed for as long as she can remember. Yet, she is afraid. How can she allow herself to love again when darkness is approaching and the Shadow is so strong? How can she allow herself to love and be happy amidst all the ruins, when people are suffering and dying all around them? How can she allow herself to love when they have no chances of winning this war and would most probably soon be dead? Could she dare put together the pieces of her broken heart and give it to Faramir, only to have it broken again when the Enemy comes at the city gates and snatches him away from her? It is so easy to die in the name of love. To sacrifice yourself to help a loved one, to save those you have sworn to protect. And it is so easy to lose your will to live when all love is lost; to let your wounded heart bleed to death without tending to it with bandages and salves, without fighting. Such a pain has caused many Elves to fade and many Men to take their own lives. Yes, it is so easy to die in the name of love. So many have done it. But is it just as easy to live in the name of love? Is it just as easy to wake up and open your eyes and take a deep breath, when there is nothing but darkness to see and nothing but poisonous fumes to breathe? Is it just as easy to go on, to keep smiling, to keep hoping, when there is no reason for hope? Perhaps it is not. In this world, in this age, death seems so much easier than life. But she is Éowyn, of the House of Eorl, a Shieldmaiden of Rohan, and she is not known to take the easy way out. She would smile at the darkness, she would laugh at the shadows, and she would sing in the face of Death. She would dance amidst the ruins, her white gown waving in the wind, and she would feel flowers growing beneath her bare feet. She would fight to heal the wounds of this earth, but this time not with a sword in hand. She would heal the injuries of men, and would even heal the deep and festered wounds of her own heart, no matter how much it would hurt. She would live, and laugh, and hope. Because she loves him. Thanks for reading! Reviews are greatly appreciated!