the elves is ending. This is a sort of last hurrah. Already Eomer and his men compose songs of your deeds. You will not soon be forgotten." Haldir looks at me once more, his grey eyes level. "You are not at all what I expected, Master Dwarf. Nothing at all." "And you are not as I expected, Marchwarden." I reach for the wine, a good deep red, and pour two draughts. Handing one to him, I reach out. "To unexpected surprises, friendship, and a future." I said. He looks at the wine, then at me. Our cups clink together. "Here here." He says with a smile. We drink. I stand before the Deeping Wall, looking the damage over with the eyes of a stonemason. It will not be an easy fix, nor will it be quick. This is a crushing blow to Rohan, for the Deep is one of it's main defenses, and I weep at the pain of the stone. It is quick to assure me that with careful chiseling and the right touch, it will stand once more. I hope so. I say to it. I hear the soft pat of a pair of boots behind me. He has stopped being noiseless as he walks; I have learned to lengthen my strides. My heart sinks, yet rises at the same time. When had this happened? "Orophin tells me Haldir is fast asleep with an empty wine bottle beside his bed." He says, tossing his onyx hair from his face. "He also tells me that it is rare for Haldir to get into his cups, and that there were two glasses." I shrug. "What would you have me do, elf? If I hadn't stayed with him the fool would have tried to get out to the graves on his own. The last thing the Lorien Company needs is to carry their captain on a litter." "Would you not have helped him?" MY blood chills. "It would have broken him, Legolas." I say softly, turning to look at my…friend. "At least now he returns to the wood he loves so much." He is silent. Then, "It is a strange thing that has happened to us, Gimli. Not two months ago I would have laughed myself silly at the thought of befriending a Dwarf." "I probably would be facing the dwarrow-din." "Dwarrow din?" "Dwarf Court." I explain with a smile. "Had anyone told me that I would look up to emerald eyes for my happiness, I would have become a kinslayer." He does not laugh, though a smile graces his lips and eyes. Instead, he focuses on the fresh bandage around my head, placed there by Aragorn when the fighting was done and we had time for such comforts. He looks haunted. Against my better judgement, I reach out and touch his arms. "Elf?" He falls to his knees and wraps me in a long limbed embrace. "I thought I had lost you, when I could not find you at my side." He says, and I can feel hot tears soaking into the shoulder of my tunic. "When you reappeared, I almost did this right then, but I decided it was not the time. I know better now." "Legolas?" I cannot breathe. "The present is all we are guaranteed, Gimli. Even I am given little else- look at the elves of Lorien. This must be said, and it must be said now, lest I loose heart and cannot find the words again." He pulls back, and blood roars in my ears as he looks at me, those emerald eyes glimmering in the early dawn. "I love you, Gimli Gloinson, child of Aule." He says hoarsely. "I will love you for eternity." No. This cannot be, it should not be! "Legolas…" He turns his head. "Hate me if you wish, my dearest one." He says, and the tears begin anew, "But I shall follow where you go, and I shall guard your back for as long as you should live." Fool Elf, I could never hate you! I am walking through my memories. The mallorn trees are bright gold and beautiful. The elves have not bothered us all day, whether out of respect for Legolas or disgust for me, I know not. He stops and looks up, at the sunlight filtering through the trees. "Are they not beautiful, Gimli?" he says, laughing and turning in circles. "Perhaps not as valuable as gold, but just as precious in the eyes of the beholder!" I love you. I grab him, pull him into my arms. He squeaks and clings to me as though I were a buoy on the water. "I will grow old, Legolas." I whisper. "I will die, and you will mourn. You belong across the sea, with the rest of your foolish, silly kind." He gently runs his fingers down my back. "I have long been old enough to decide such things for myself, Gimli Lockbearer. I have chosen you." I pull back and gaze at him. A part of me wants to send him away, to beg him to not think on this anymore, but it is a very small part. The rest of me is filled with fire, of a sort I do not know. I reach for words, trying to describe the burning in my breast. Contentment. I am content. "Dwarves only choose one love in their lives." I say softly. He gazes at me with those huge emerald orbs and is quiet. "Sometimes we find our one, sometimes we live alone, sometimes we find our one but they will not accept us." I bring my mouth to his and, for the first time, our lips touch. "I have found you, my one." I whisper softly. "And I will never willingly part with you." He kisses me and all around I can hear the call of ravens, War! To War! Gimli Dwarf Prince, to War! Yes, I think with a smile. To War. But not alone. Not anymore.