intend to go, and for what reason, I cannot say. But Hildifons dwelled for many months with us, and fought beside us when a raiding party came down out of the north last fall. His courage and sure aim saved the lives of my parents, and many others." Donnamira stamped her foot in frustration. "You mean we came all this way only to miss him by a few days? Confound and bebother that ridiculous hobbit!" They stayed two weeks in the village of the Dúnedain, as guests of Chieftain Argonui and his wife Glamren. Donnamira made quick and easy friends among the other village children, and taught them hobbit games, while Belladonna spent much time with Glamren and the other Wise Women of the village, learning much of their lore and herb craft. And in return she traded recipes and secrets to proper hobbit cooking, whether on the road or at home on the hearth. And then Gandalf arrived. He was greeted with as much pleasure as in the Shire, but with rather more honor, Belladonna noted. She wondered, for the first time, what it was that he did when he was not smoking with her father or setting off fireworks at hobbit parties. He laughed long and loud at Donnamira's indignant relating of just how close they'd come to finding Hildifons there. He leaned on his staff, eyes twinkling as he gazed down at Donnamira, who glowered up at him with her fists on her hips. "But you have had an adventure of your own, I see, Miss Donnamira, so the journey cannot be said to have been wasted. Come tell me all about it. And after I've rested my sore feet a while, I think I shall escort the two of you home—or at least as far as Bree. I have business in the east and cannot go tramping all the way back to the Shire just yet." "I'll let Belladonna tell you about it," Donnamira said. "She's better at that sort of thing. But what sort of business takes you east? Are you going to look for Hildifons?" "Certainly not! I daresay he's safe enough, in the company of Elrond's sons, and anyway I have bigger things to worry about than chasing after stray hobbits—even particularly adventurous Tooks! But if I see him, I shall tell him how his sisters miss him. Perhaps that will entice his feet to turn homeward." This satisfied Donnamira. She disappeared into the fields with her new friends while Belladonna sat with Gandalf in the sunshine, blowing smoke rings skyward. "What are the bigger things you worry about, Gandalf?" she asked. "I don't know why I never wondered, before." "You had no reason to. And you still don't," he replied. "My comings and goings have little enough to do with you, Belladonna." "Well that's not a very satisfactory answer." "It is the only one you will get! I'm more interested in your doings, anyway. I'm certainly glad it was Annúminas you stumbled upon, and not Fornost—that is an evil place, even now." Belladonna told him about their journey, and their meeting with Morwen among the ruins. "I just wish we'd been in time to find Hildifons," she sighed when she finished. "Do you know where he might be going? Arador doesn't have any idea." "Rivendell, perhaps, but of course I know no more than Arador does. The sons of Elrond have been known to travel far and wide. But I promised your mother I would see you back to safe, civilized lands, and that is what I intend to do—so don't think of running off to Rivendell yourself. You are only barely into your tweens, after all." Morwen went with them when they departed at last for Bree, and the journey was a merry one, though uncomfortable at times, for it rained for several days. All of them were happy to see the lights on Bree-hill in the evening, and happier still to settle in at the Prancing Pony for beer and good food and a chance to dry out their damp things. The hobbits of Bree were used to the occasional visitor from Buckland, but were astonished to see two hobbits as young as Belladonna and Donnamira so far from home, and shook their heads in disapproval. Belladonna ignored them, but kicked Donnamira under the table when she stuck her tongue out at a particularly grouchy old gaffer across the room. "Well," said Gandalf, finishing off his beer and setting the tankard down with a thunk on the table, "this is where I leave you. I trust you won't get into any trouble on the Road back to Buckland!" "Of course not," Belladonna said. "We haven't gotten into any real trouble at all, on this outing." "I would still like to visit Elves, though," Donnamira said. "Keep your eyes open, then," Gandalf said. "They pass though the Shire more often than you think." Donnamira brightened, and Belladonna felt her own interest piqued. But Gandalf only laughed when they pressed him, and would not say any more than that. Morwen had gone to speak with a group of Dwarves in the corner, and now she returned to their table with one of them. "This is Dís daughter of Thráin of the Blue Mountains," Morwen said. "She and her company are returning home to the west, and have two extra ponies Belladonna and Donnamira may ride as far as Hobbiton." Belladonna hopped down from her seat and bowed. "Belladonna Took, at your service!" she said. "At yours and your family's," Dís replied with her own bow, beads of gold and silver clicking together in her neatly-braided beard. "You and your sister are welcome to travel with us, if you do not mind rising early, for we leave before dawn tomorrow." "Before dawn! " Donnamira exclaimed, aghast. Gandalf snorted. "We don't mind at all," Belladonna said, blithely ignoring her sister. She smiled at Dís, who smiled back, dark eyes crinkling. "Thank you very much!"