but there was no time left for wonder. This place was not safe. He had to leave. But where could he go? Gandalf had told him to go to Rivendell, but he did not want to return there and rely on the kindness of the elves, kindness he did not deserve. How could he face them now when he had betrayed his friends? How could he expect the elves to take care of him now? No. There was only one path left for him. He would return to Bree, the only home he had ever known. He knew the way. Yes, he knew that he would face his former master again. But he was not afraid. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:- "Mr. Elrond, sir?" Sam eyed the elven lord carefully. He knew very well why Lord Elrond had come to Minas Tirith. It was time for him to say a final goodbye to his only daughter whom he would not see until the end of all days. Surely Samwise's silly question was the last thing on the elf's mind! And yet, the hobbit had wanted to ask him this since he had seen the elves from Rivendell arrive. "What is it Sam?" Lord Elrond asked. The kindness and respect in his voice encouraged the hobbit. "Um, I was wondering if my Bill ever made it back to Rivendell. With all those wolves around and all other horrible creatures, and he is so small and afraid if you know what I mean. He is very brave, sir, trust me, but I do not know if he made it alive." The elf sighed sadly and looked at the hobbit sympathetically. "I am sorry Sam. Bill never returned to us." Sam bowed his head, fighting back tears. Was Bill dead then? Or had the pony found another path? Before he could stop himself, the hobbit's body shook in quiet sobs and Elrond's gentle hand on his shoulder had no comfort to offer. -:- The hobbits were eager to return to the Shire once again and when they finally reached the Prancing Pony they were all happy and relieved. The talk with Butterbur was quite interesting and useful, not to mention the priceless look on the poor innkeeper's face when Sam told him who the King of Gondor and Arnor was. The news which Butterbur had for them, however, was far from good. It seemed that everything had gone ill in their absence. Nevertheless, there was a bright ray amidst all the darkness. " I've something that belongs to you," the innkeeper said. "If you recollect Bill Ferny and the horsethieving: his pony as you bought, well, it's here. Come back all of itself, it did. But where it had been to you know better than me. It was as shaggy as an old dog and as lean as a clothes-rail, but it was alive. Nob's looked after it." " What! My Bill?" cried Sam. "Well, I was born lucky, whatever my gaffer may say. There's another wish come true! Where is he?" Sam would not go to bed until he had visited Bill in his stable. "Bill!" Sam cried and put his hands on the pony's head. "My Bill! It seems a few wolves are not enough to scare you!" Bill neighed happily and nuzzled his master's face. Sam was alive! And Bill swore to himself that he would never leave his master again. -:- The hobbits' joy was somewhat lessened when they realized that their return to the Shire would be quite different from their expectations. It seemed that things had gone from bad to worse while they had been gone. Who those mysterious Chief was, they could not begin to guess, but when they discovered that the Chief's Big Man was no other but Bill Ferny, their anger boiled. " Bill Ferny, " said Merry, " if you don't open that gate in ten seconds, you'll regret it. I shall set steel to you, if you don't obey. And when you have opened the gates you will go through them and never return. You are a ruffian and a highway-robber. " Bill Ferny flinched and shuffled to the gate and unlocked it. " Give me the key! " said Merry. But the ruffian flung it at his head and then darted out into the darkness. As he passed the ponies one of them let fly with his heels and just caught him as he ran. He went off with a yelp into the night and was never heard of again. " Neat work, Bill, " said Sam, meaning the pony. The look on Bill's face was very close to a grin. He had had his revenge. He would never bow before this piece of filth again. And when the Shire was finally rid of Saruman and his minions and peace and harmony were at last restored, Sam built a stable close to his hole, so that Bill would always be near him. The pony often helped with work in the garden, but unlike before, now he was happy to help and was not ashamed of pulling around a cart of vegetables. There was always an honor in helping a friend. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:- Legends tell that before the end of his days Samwise Gamgee left the Shire and went on one final journey – to the Undying Lands, where he would see his beloved master once again. As he had carried the One Ring for a while he deserved this honor. Some of the tales even claimed that the hobbit took his loyal pony with him. The Valar agreed to let the pony enter their realm because of his loyalty and friendship towards this brave member of the Fellowship. He was no strong horse who bore a great warrior into battle. He was no magnificent stallion who would win every race. But his heart was no smaller than those of the horses he had once admired. He was Bill the Pony. And this was enough. The End