in his hand. "I suppose we do," Asher pondered. "Follow me and I'll take you to your room, or if you want supper first you're welcome to stay here. You've missed the evening rush. Most folk are in bed at this time of night. Any special requests for supper?" "Whatever you have I suppose," Henry shrugged. "You guys wanna go check out the room or stay here?" "Might as well," Morgan shrugged. We can take off our jackets and whatever." "Right then, follow me." Butterbur led the way down a side hallway to one of the bigger rooms. It had four beds and a wide window with padded seat. The fireplace was ready and waiting to be lit, and the round man set about lighting it first thing. Asher watched him in fascination and followed the man out when he had finished. "You interested in my work boy?" The innkeeper smiled. "Yessir. I've never seen a proper inn like this before. Can I watch supper being made?" "If you like." The rest of the family made themselves comfortable in their room. Henry and Roselyn took the biggest bed, closest to the fireplace and Morgan claimed the bed nearest the window. Davy settled himself in front of the fire and curled up, gazing at the flames. Morgan took out her phone and remarked, "There's still no service." Henry turned to his wife and tried his best to school his features into something that didn't say "I told you so". He didn't quite manage it, but Roselyn didn't take offense. Instead she joked, "Well at least we're on an adventure, instead of stuff in traffic." Henry agreed and the two started discussing the impact their situation would have on work. "We can't even call in," she sighed. "I'm sure they'll understand. At least we won't have to go in tomorrow," Henry smiled, trying to make the best of it. Several minutes later, Asher burst into the room, announcing, "Dinner's ready. But they call it supper here. Dinner is lunch." "Right. Kids? Davy wake up. Morgan." Roselyn stood up and followed her son out of the room. The other son followed and they all sat down at one of the tables in the main room. The other two occupants had apparently gone home. Asher helped Butterbur bring out the plates of food and the family tucked in. The innkeeper disappeared into the kitchen to clean up and left them to themselves. Asher was the first to speak. "So as far as I can make out Butterbur is either a fenomenalny good actor or he's really never heard of the U.S. and cars and CEOs and doesn't know who the president is. He's under the impression that this is really Middle Earth." The family pondered on that for a while. Then Davy spoke up. "So I've been noticing… The sky is different. I couldn't find the North Star. There's no clouds. I was keep track of it on the freeway, but after we went into the woods I lost it. It's not in the sky anymore. And the constellations are all wrong. We can't still be on the same part of the Earth." "Or on the Earth at all," Asher added. "We're in Middle Earth!" They both concluded. The family stared at each other and Henry slowly pointed out, "Whether we are or not, which doesn't seem possible, we still need to decide what to do next. There's still no cell service and our truck is out of gas. There probably isn't a gas station anywhere near enough to get to so I think we can count the truck as out of commission. That brings me to problem of money. We don't have anything they use as currency here and I'd rather not have to trade our valuables for food and lodging. As for the issue of how long we're going to be here, let's just assume it's going to be indefinitely. We need to prepare for the fact that we're not going to get home anytime soon. Everything seems to be made from scratch here. That means we need to already be owning something if we want to make anything out of it. And without money that means we'll all need to get a job or have some way of earning money. Ideas?" "You're a great cook," Roselyn reminded them. "You could probably get a job here at the inn." "And you knit, Mom," Morgan added. "But we don't have yarn, or wool, or sheep to get wool from, so that idea is out for the time being," Asher sighed. "Morgan, you can run pretty fast, maybe you could get a job as a messenger? Do they have couriers here?" Henry turned to Asher. "In the big countries maybe. Not here. So you believe that we're in a different world?" "I'm going off the evidence provided. It sounds laughable but we're in a clear area, there should be satellite service. Plus the whole thing with the stars. I'm going to say, might as well believe it. If we're wrong then we're wrong. But if we're not, then we're in a lot of trouble." "So what do we do?" Davy yawned. "For starters, I suggest we all go to bed and work everything out in the morning. We can ask Mr. Butterbur about it too." Roselyn's tone was firm. "It's past everyone's bedtime. I'm sure we can all sleep in. Come on. Back to the room everyone." Once the family was settled in, everyone was too tired to even try to come up with solutions and within a few minutes they were all asleep. Alright. I'll try to get a chapter out once a week, but no promises. My laptop is broken and I don't have access to this site on the school laptops, so updates will probably be sparse, but I will keep writing chapters even if I can't upload them. Anyway, REVIEW! I want to know what you think of this story!