Who was she? There were no golden-haired maidens in Gondor. The vision dissolved, turning back into darkness and shadows, and Faramir turned his wide eyes to the one who had revealed the wondrous scene to him. "What was that?" he asked in disbelief. "Was that my family?" " It could be," the man replied. "Perhaps this is what will come to pass if we win the war against the darkness. And if you choose to face the pain and return to us." There were such warmth and care in this voice that it hurt. Faramir had never heard anyone speak to him in such a manner since the day when Boromir had left for Imladris, never to return again. " Why do you show me such kindness, my lord, when I have done nothing to deserve it?" he asked in wonder. The stranger smiled softly. "I have lived many years and traveled many lands. I have met many men, elves, dwarves, and halflings. And few, very few of them, deserve more kindness than you do, Faramir." Faramir felt a lump form in his throat. "How did you find me, my lord? How did you know that I needed you?" The man grasped his hand once again. "I heard your plea for help. And I followed your call." " A plea for help?" Faramir was confused. "I have never called for help." " Oh, but you did, my friend," the stranger replied softly. "You called 'Find me'. It was a desperate call, and so full of grief, that my heart broke and I had to follow." Faramir froze. He was not aware that he had called. He was not aware that he had wanted to be found anymore. He had believed that he wanted to remain lost in the sea of darkness and despair. But it seemed that his heart had known better. And now, he was found. He was saved. By a stranger, who had shown him more care and kindness than he had ever hoped to see again. "Who are you, my lord?" he repeated his first question, which had still remained unanswered. The man smiled gently. "Look at me, Faramir. Look at me, see me, and know me." With one swift movement, he removed his hood, revealing his face. A handsome, noble face, young and ancient at the same time. His grey eyes were sparkling and full of life, like the eyes of a youth, and yet wise and bottomless as if he had seen many decades and learned from them. There were warmth and compassion in those eyes, and Faramir had never seen such compassion for him before, except in the eyes of his mother and Boromir. And Faramir knew him. Though he had never seen this face before, he still knew him in his heart. "My king!" he whispered in wonder and fell to his knees, on impulse grabbing the man's hand and kissing it. Aragorn knelt in front of him, grasping his shoulders. "Yes, my friend, it is I. And I have come to find you. You have dwelt in darkness long enough, Faramir, and it is time for you to return. I know that it will hurt," he said, and his voice was laden with pain. "I knew Boromir. He was a good man, who deserved a better fate, and his passing grieved me greatly. Yet, I know that it is nothing compared to the grief that you now feel." His grip on Faramir's shoulders tightened. "I promised your brother that I would not let the City fall. Will you help me fulfill my promise?" Faramir could not believe his eyes. Many times he had dreamed about the return of the king. He had always imagined a ruler wise and just, who cared deeply for his people and always knew what was best for them. And often he had feared that his dreams were too bold, and that he was asking for too much. But never, even in his boldest dreams, had he imagined that his lord king would look upon him, Faramir, with such care and compassion, with such friendship freely given. And then, all of a sudden, reality was better than the most pleasant of dreams. And he wanted to return to that reality. " I will, my lord," he said. "I will follow you wherever you lead me." " Good," said Aragorn with a smile. "Come, my friend! We have lingered here too long!" Faramir opened his eyes and took a deep breath. At first, he did not see the anxious faces around him. All he could see was his lord's weary face, looking at him with relief and warmth in the grey eyes. And then he had his anchor once again, keeping him in place in the raging sea of despair. If such a king had returned to them, Faramir mused, then perhaps the light had return to Gondor at long last. And perhaps the light had return to Middle-earth. But, most of all, the light had returned to him . "My lord, you called me. I come. What does the king command?" -:- The End -:- Note: The following sentences are copied from the book: The boat turned into the stream and passed glimmering on into the night. Dreamlike it was, and yet no dream, for there was no waking. – The Two Towers. Book IV. Chapter 5: "The Window on the West" " My lord, you called me. I come. What does the king command?" – The Return of the King. Book V. Chapter 8: "The Houses of Healing" The entire paragraph reads: Suddenly Faramir stirred, and he opened his eyes, and he looked on Aragorn who bent over him; and a light of knowledge and love was kindled in his eyes, and he spoke softly. 'My lord, you called me. I come. What does the king command?' I tried to give an explanation of this "knowledge and love" in his eyes. Reviews are greatly appreciated! Thank you!