had been silver haired, and her features had looked more like Galadriel's, the lady of Rivendell had been a stunning woman. Arwen, and the twins, took more after Elrond's line, and in turn looked more like Lúthien, wife of Beren. His daughter had even been mistaken for her foremother on more than one occasion by various elves. But, Arwen carried the inner strength of Galadriel's daughter, and it showed through with the way she held herself and the way she acted. Seeing this brought tears to Elrond's eyes and he held his arms out to Arwen. Smiling even more, the dark haired she-elf moved into her father's arms and held on tightly to his waist. Enjoying the feel of Elrond's arms about her, Arwen could not remember the last time she had felt content in her father's arms. Pulling away after a little bit, Arwen examined the faces of her father and brothers. "Where is Legolas?" Elladan looked towards the ground, the lines in his face hardening. Elrohir glanced back towards the house, and then back to Arwen, while Elrond kept looking at his daughter. "He remains in the guest room connected to Estel's. He has not awoken in three months." Arwen gasped, and closed her eyes for a moment. She had known that something horrible had befallen her friend and beloved, but did not realize the full consequence of their injuries. "And…Estel?" she asked quietly, not wanting to cause a stir, but needing to know. Instead of answering right away, Elrond took her elbow and started to lead her towards the house. "It is too nice out here to be disturbing the peace. We will talk of more serious matters after you have seen Legolas." Arwen kept pace with her father as they entered the foyer to the Last Homely House, but she also kept her flow of questions. "Ada, is he alright? How did it happen? What happened? Please, tell me." Her pleading got to him as he stopped outside the guest room. Glancing to his sons who had followed behind, he looked down to Arwen. "Legolas was captured by the Mouth of Sauron, and Aragorn was given a letter to lure him into finding the prince…" it took a couple of moments, but finally, Arwen was caught up on all that had taken place three months before. Gasping with tears in her eyes, she looked at the door leading to Legolas, looking at it as if she could see through the heavy wood to the occupant beyond. How could this have happened? The attack on Rivendell, the kidnapping of Legolas… all by one who had caused so much pain so long ago. "Freca is dead, though, right?" Elrond nodded. "Rothinzil made sure of it." Arwen glanced around, as if looking for the Noldo elf. "Where is he?" Elrond reached around her, and turned the doorknob, pushing the door open so she could see inside. Noticing the bed right away, Arwen was stunned to see Legolas as she walked past her father. Staring at the motionless blonde, the woman had to bite back a small sob as she saw the powerful elven warrior reduced to this. Walking right up to the bedside, the she-elf was surprised when she looked up and saw Rothinzil sitting in a chair on the other side, sound asleep with his feet propped up on the bed. Shaking her head, she sat on the edge of the bed and took Legolas' pale and cold hand. "Oh, mellon nín, how did this happen? I know what you did for Estel, and you have no idea how grateful I am. Please, awaken so I may tell you." Not seeing any response, Arwen bowed her head and touched her forehead to the back of Legolas' hand. "It's all right, my friend, rest, so that you may return to us when you are ready." Looking back to her family, Arwen was a tad amused when Elladan walked around to the other side of the bed and kicked Roth's feet off the bed. Immediately, Roth jerked awake with a snort and looked around, disoriented. His eyes lighting on Arwen, he stood with a smile and walked over to her, bringing her up into a hug. Looking over her shoulder to Legolas, he shook his head. "We keep praying and hoping, but no amount of it had brought him back." Arwen turned her blue eyes to his hazel, and smiled reassuringly. "Legolas has pulled out of everything he's come up against, and this is no different. This should be like a walk in the garden for a seasoned fellow like him." Roth nodded with a soft chuckle, but that faded out as he examined Legolas' passive face. "If this is a walk through a garden, hate to see a trek up the mountain… OW!" hearing Elrohir's muttered words, Arwen turned with a sad smile as the younger twin held his arm and glared at Elladan. "Come, let us meet Erestor and Glorfindel in the Hall of Fire for a snack. I would love to hear about other recent news from Rivendell…" -8- As the small group left the bedchamber of the injured prince, Legolas' mind finally began to reconnect with his body. All the senses formerly withheld from him began to make themselves known, and the prince was delighted to be able to feel and hear once more. Unfortunately, even the pain was being known to him, as well. But, now that his body was returning to him, Legolas' hope was reignited. He would escape his prison, and be able to regain his life. Only, he did not foresee the problems that would soon arise in his recovery. tbc… So, there's the first chapter, everyone! Yippee! I'll admit, and Celeb fought on this, I kind of like Arwen in the story so far. It's different writing about a female now that I've written about the guys so long. Hoped everyone liked the first chapter, and see everyone on the second!