"I shall miss you, my lady, when I have gone away." He heard her shift, and felt her eyes upon him again, but he did not look to her. "I have enjoyed my time here." "As have I," she answered, and her voice was almost a whisper. "I shall miss you as well." Her eyes looked down towards the roses, and the sadness within intensified as she turned to her thoughts. Denethor had the sudden urge to pull her close, to banish the sadness from her eyes by whispering to her that he would not go, that he would never leave her. But that was impossible. As much as he had found happiness in the city by the sea, he had tarried long, and now duty called from his own home to the north, duty that could not be denied or ignored. He could not stay, but perhaps…for a moment his heart stood still, and then he turned to her and spoke. "I…have grown fond of you, my lady." He took a step forward and reached out to take her hand in his own. She grasped it gladly. "And I of you," she answered, meeting his intense gaze. Once again, he could read all in her eyes, the sadness she had at the thought of his departure, the love that she bore him. He met her eyes seriously, and spoke quietly. "I am no longer young, my lady," he said. "Yet you are not old," Finduilas she said, and reached boldly up to touch his hair. It was a ghost of a touch; he could barely feel it as she shyly stroked the dark hair that was already streaked with strands of gray. "I am nearly forty-seven," he answered, "That is no longer young, in the count of men in this age of the world." "And I am nearly twenty-seven," she replied, "That is no longer young, for a woman to be unmarried in this age of the world." Denethor found himself laughing, and in an amused manner, belying the seriousness of the question, asked: "Perhaps there is something to be done?" She paused in her own laughter, and was suddenly serious, looking up to him with a mixture of surprise and happiness in her eyes as he spoke again. "When I say I am fond of you, my lady, I do not jest," Denethor continued, suddenly desiring to admit all to her, the same way her eyes told all to him. "You have touched me in a way that no other ever has, and I wish...I would wed you, my lady, if you desire it." When she did not speak he continued, "Of course, if you are willing I must gain your father's permission, and that of my own…" "I am willing," she interrupted. He stopped speaking, and she smiled, shyly again. "You are?" "Indeed," she answered. Denethor did not know what to say, and stood there for a moment, smiling in joy, before with a sudden thought his face darkened. "It means you shall have to leave Dol Amroth behind, my lady," he said seriously then, for he knew how much Finduilas loved her city and her people. She looked at him gravely, and for a moment, Denethor's heart stopped beating, for it almost seemed she would change her mind. But she simply stepped closer to him and, wrapping her arms around him she leaned her head against his chest and shut her eyes. "I know," she said simply. Denethor breathed again, and slowly wrapped his arms around her, pulling her closer to him. "I shall speak with your father in the morning, my lady." She pulled away. "Yet you still must leave." "Yes," he answered, "I must, Finduilas, for we cannot be wed ere I get my own father's approval. But I am sure he shall approve, for he has spoken to me many times upon this subject. He is displeased that I have delayed this long, and have remained unwed." Finduilas laughed. "As is mine," she answered, "He worried that no one would take me, if I waited." She paused, before she spoke again, "But I did not wish to give my heart to any of those who have desired it, until now." She paused, and for the first time, his name slipped from her lips, bare of any titles. "It is yours, Denethor," she whispered, and her eyes met his trustfully. "Finduilas…" he whispered back, and his hand sought her hair, and he smiled. It was not often that he could find no words to speak, but he did not understand why she had chosen him over all others, when he was a stern man twice her age. She smiled back at him, and spoke. "Do not ask why," she advised him gently, as she pulled away, "It is a joyful thing, and should not be questioned. Instead, be grateful that we have found each other, and can remain together, for surely it will be." She cast her glance back across the ocean again, and her smile faded only slightly. "I shall always remember this night, though the years pass, as the happiest and most beautiful of my life." She smiled up at him, and he leaned down and kissed her, gently, for he knew no other way of showing his emotions to her. He pulled away, and her eyes opened slowly to regard him with the deep, emotional way he now saw she had. "Goodnight, my lord," she whispered, and slipped from the garden. Author's Note: And we all know what happened next. I think I am going to write the next parts (or at least bits of the next parts) of this story, but I think this bit stands by itself. Series, maybe? Who knows. Depends on what weird fancy Cicero the Penguin Muse chooses to take. Anyway, please review if you have the time and give me any sort of comments that you feel necessary to give me. Thankies for reading! --Nat