someone was calling. The elf didn't know who or why, but it sounded desperate. He didn't know why, but the voice somehow filled his heart with sorrow. But it didn't matter now. He had almost reached it. Soon he could rest. Forever. " Legolas!" the voice called again. That name… He was sure he had heard it before. But it seemed so long ago. As if ages had passed. " Lasto nin, mellon-nin! Echuio! Avo visto! Telo enni! Listen to me, my friend! Wake up! Don't wander! Come to me!" Legolas could almost hear the tears in this voice. He was surprised to feel tears stinging his own eyes. Suddenly a hand grabbed his. "Estel!" All memories came back at once. " Aphado nin!" the boy whispered, hoping that the Noble Tongue would fight the shadows and bring them some light. "Follow me!" The two friends ran through the shadows, but their strength was coming to an end. All around them was darkness. Horrified, Estel realized he didn't know the way back. He had almost given up hope, when a sweet smell came to his senses. It seemed to dissipate the darkness around. The athelas… It was still boiling, showing their way. Estel's grip on Legolas' hand tightened. "Noro," he whispered. "Run!" Legolas rose on his bed, gasping for air. He was feeling incredibly weak, but he felt that the darkness that had imprisoned him was gone. His gaze suddenly shifted to the unconscious form, prostrated next to his bed. "Estel!" he screamed in horror, gathering the boy in his arms. "What have you done this time, foolish child," he whispered in fear. He wasn't aware of the way the healing process worked and was afraid that the boy had given up his life to save him. He knew very well that Estel would do it, which only added to his terror. The human slowly opened his eyes and forced a weak smile. "You are back," he whispered before closing them again. OoOoOoO Everyone in the room was watching in awe as Aragorn knelt next to Faramir, trying to call the Steward back. They sensed that some great struggle was going on. Aragorn was calling the Captain, but his voice sounded more and more distant and far away, as if it was coming from somewhere else. Suddenly Bergil rushed into the room, carefully holding six leaves. "It is kingsfoil, Sir, but not fresh, I fear. It must have been culled two weeks ago at the least. I hope it will serve, Sir?" the fear in the servant's voice was evident. "It will serve. The worst is now over. Stay and be comforted!" Aragorn smiled in relief. It was true. The worst was indeed over. He had done it. OoOoOoO Estel opened his eyes and instantly closed them as a wave of pain passed through his head. "Glad that you're awake, little brother," Elrohir smiled warmly. "Of course he is glad," Elladan added with a grin. "Now Father will have to punish you instead of us!" Legolas chuckled. Estel felt his heart leap in joy as he heard his friend laugh. He was afraid he would never hear that sound again. "Didn't you father tell you not to try this at home?" the golden-haired being smiled. "I'm serious, Estel," he quickly added. "You shouldn't have done it. It was dangerous." "But I did it and it worked!" the boy stated triumphantly. "Of course it would work. After all I have extraordinary healing abilities." The three elves exchanged a worried glance. How much did Estel know? Their doubts were not lost on the human. "How did I get those abilities?" he asked softly. "Why was I able to cure Legolas when no one else could?" Elladan swallowed hard. "When you were very little, Ada blessed you. He wished that you would inherit his skills. And you did." The explanation sounded obviously lame. Elves just couldn't lie. Elladan noticed the look of distrust on his little brother's face and tried again. "You cured him because you wanted it very much. So strong was your will, that it managed to bring him back. He was lost, but your heart refused to accept it and fought to the end. This is what cured Legolas. You have the heart of a healer, Estel." His words sounded much more persuasive now. Elladan wasn't lying anymore. This was the truth. OoOoOoO Faramir suddenly opened his eyes and stared at the man kneeling beside him. A light of understanding flashed through him mind. "My lord, you called me. I come. What does the king command?" he asked softly. "King!" Ioreth exclaimed. "Did you hear that? What did I say? The hands of a healer, I said." Aragorn smiled. Not the hands heal, he thought. It's the heart. He had learned this a long time ago. Éowyn and Merry were waiting for his cares, but he wasn't afraid anymore. He knew what to do. The healer looked through the window and breathed the fresh air. "Hannon le, mellon-nin," he whispered. "You are the one who taught me how to heal." THE END Thank you for reading! Please review, my friends, and you'll make me very happy :o) To everyone reading "Friendship is a Family Trait" and "Unbreakable": I just saw that I haven't updated the stories in 6 and 11 days respectively, and I don't know if I'll be able to update any of them soon. That's unforgivable and I'm very sorry, this week and the next are just crazy for me :( However, I haven't abandoned the stories and I'll get back to them as soon as I can. You have been such wonderful readers and I hate it that I have to make you wait. Note: (I know some of you are reading this for the third time, but still) The Estel Angst Central is organizing a story competition, and the prompt is "Spiders". If you are interested, a link could be found on my profile page. 7