Gandalf had used not so long ago. Perhaps it was true. But the wizard had also said something else. 'I wish I could say this of everyone here.' Had Gandalf meant someone specific? And if he had, then whom? He looked back and sighed sadly. It was not too hard to guess. Aragorn ran up the hill, constantly checking the ground for any tracks. The Ring-bearer was gone. Frodo had left and he was unable to protect him. But he had to find him! He had to bring this to an end! He rushed to the summit and sat on the high seat and looked in all directions hoping to find a sign of the hobbit. But his eyes found nothing. Even as he gazed his quick ears caught sounds in the woodlands below, on the west side of the River. He stiffened. There were cries, and among them, to his horror, he could distinguish the harsh voices of Orcs. Then suddenly with a deep-throated call a great horn blew, and the blasts of it smote the hills and echoed in the hollows, rising in a mighty shout above the roaring of the falls. " The horn of Boromir!" he cried. "He is in need!" He sprang down the steps and away, leaping down the path. As he ran the cries came louder, but fainter now and desperately the horn was blowing. Fierce and shrill rose the yells of the Orcs, and suddenly the horn-calls ceased. Aragorn raced down the last slope, but before he could reach the hill's foot, the sounds died away; and as he turned to the left and ran towards them they retreated, until at last he could hear them no more. Drawing his bright sword and crying 'Elendil! Elendil!' he crashed through the trees. A mile, maybe, from Parth Galen in a little glade not far from the lake he found Boromir. He was sitting with his back to a great tree, as if he was resting. But Aragorn saw that he was pierced with many black-feathered arrows; his sword was still in his hand, but it was broken near the hilt; his horn cloven in two was at his side. Many Orcs lay slain, piled all about him and at his feet. Aragorn knelt beside him. Boromir opened his eyes and strove to speak. At last slow words came. "I tried to take the Ring from Frodo," he said. "I am sorry. I have paid." His glance strayed to his fallen enemies; twenty at least lay there. "They have gone: the Halflings: the Orcs have taken them. I think they are not dead. Orcs bound them." He paused and his eyes closed wearily. After a moment he spoke again. " Farewell, Aragorn! Go to Minas Tirith and save my people! I have failed." " No!" said Aragorn, taking his hand and kissing his brow. "You have conquered. Few have gained such a victory. Be at peace! Minas Tirith shall not fall!" Boromir smiled sadly, but shook his head. "I have betrayed you all," he said. "I have proven to be evil." "No, not evil!" Aragorn said quickly. "It is the Ring that guided you, and you were unable to resist." "Weak then," Boromir whispered. "I am not sure this is much better." "You are not weak!" The ranger stated in determination. "You fought bravely to defend the hobbits and you have proven your worth. You are weaker than the Ring perhaps, but there is nothing to be ashamed of. There are very few stronger than this evil." "And you are one of them," Boromir replied. "I can see it clearly. You are stronger than me. And you are stronger than the Ring. You will resist its call." The ranger was about to argue, but there was something more important, something he needed to know. " Which way did they go? Was Frodo there?" said Aragorn. But Boromir did not speak again. Aragorn held his hand and knelt, bent with weeping, until Legolas and Gimli arrived. The Ring had already taken its first victim. Evil had triumphed. The Black Gate opened. They had come to draw out Sauron's armies and give Frodo a chance to succeed in his mission, but it would most probably mean their doom. Aragorn clasped the hilt of his sword and stared at the Eye in awe. And then, time seemed to stop. The bright Eye was luring him, pulling him forward. Aragorn , it whispered. Elessar . And then the sweet promises followed, promises only he could hear. Promises that if he surrendered to it, he would be a great king and would bring peace and happiness to everyone in Middle-earth. He would be able to push away all evil. Arwen would be able to stay with him, but she would not need to give up her immortality. She would be immortal, and he would be immortal as well. The Elves would not need to leave Middle-earth because it would turn into a place of beauty, as magnificent as Valinor itself. 'I know that it is lying,' Legolas had said. But it was so easy to believe. And he knew that this was the final test. Unable to resist, Aragorn took a few steps forward. He could feel his companions' expectant gazes. And then he stopped and turned back. His gaze met Gandalf's for a moment, and his eyes told the wizard everything he needed to know. "For Frodo!" He said and raised his sword. A loud battle cry sounded through the army and everyone rushed forward. He had passed the final test. He had resisted until the very end. And this would be the End. Whether Frodo would succeed, or whether they all would be completely destroyed, this Age would end one way or another. But it mattered not. It did not matter what the outcome of this battle would be. He had already won. Gandalf, Legolas, and Boromir had all been right. Evil was defeated. The End 8