annoyed if you firstly drink his new wine and secondly come home drunk?" Legolas shrugged. To be perfectly honest, he was already slightly gone now, so one more glass wouldn't hurt. "Ah well..." Miarthan laughed and turned his back to Legolas as he filled the glasses up with the new dark red wine. Legolas put his feet up onto another barrel. "You know Miarthan, I've been thinking..." "That's rare for you..." Legolas scowled. "As I was saying ... I've been thinking; maybe I should spend more time in Mirkwood. At home. Here." "Yes Legolas, I know here is home, you don't need to tell me," quipped Miarthan. "I don't need to go to Rivendell..." Miarthan frowned as he handed Legolas the glass. "I thought your friend lived their? You know... the human." Legolas' hand stopped abruptly just as he was about to touch the glass to his lips. He glared at the brown haired Elf and sat up straight, pulling his feet down from the barrel with a loud clunk. " Don't talk to me about him ." Miarthan raised his hand in defence. "I apologise..." He pondered on this new turn of events as Legolas relaxed again. "A touchy subject then?" Legolas shook his head. "I..." He paused, thinking sadly. "I just can't believe he just up and left. He left Arwen; poor thing. She was distraught. The twins were shocked, and as for me... well, he didn't even say goodbye to me, his 'best friend'. That shows just how much he cared about us all." Miarthan shifted closer, staring Legolas in the eyes. "Sounds to me like you're a little bitter..." "Bitter!" exclaimed Legolas. "Bah! I... I hate him! I hate him in the way you can only hate someone you once cared about." Miarthan exhaled slowly. "Well..." He took Legolas' wrist and raised the Elf's hand up a little. "You sound like you need a drink. Go on..." Legolas looked at the wine apprehensively. "It's very dark. Very dark..." Miarthan shrugged his shoulders. "Well, it's a new make, isn't it? Go on..." He stared into Legolas' eyes again. "Just try it." Legolas looked at the wine doubtfully for a moment, before raising the glass. "Well, here's to him , whatever he might be doing. If this wine is sickening... well, that's all the more fitting then, isn't it?" Miarthan watched closely as Legolas drank the dark liquid. "Well? What is it like?" Legolas shuddered. "I knew it; it's disgusting!" He pulled a face. "I wouldn't even give that to an Orc!" Miarthan laughed. "That bad, eh? Then I hope you won't mind it I miss this opportunity?" He poured the wine down the small drain in the stone floor. Legolas laughed. "I think you have the right idea..." ---- It was late evening before Legolas went back to the Inner Palace, the area of Mirkwood's Royal House where only the Royal Family, Chief Advisors and special guests could enter. He was wandering down the Hall of Memories, a grand corridor where large tapestries hung depicting Mirkwood's history. Many of the Advisor's chambers were along here. As he walked, a door opened. Recognising the Advisor, Legolas smiled. "Good Evening, Oersen," he said politely. Oersen was a wise She-Elf, about ages with his mother, and used to tutor him when he was very young. Therefore, she commanded the utmost respect. "Good Evening Prince," she said warmly. The air of an idea suddenly appeared on her face, and she cleared her throat. "Could I ask of your assistance with something?" Legolas nodded. "Of course." He followed her into the chamber. On the writing desk, parchment was scattered in various piles of untidiness. "I trust you remember that substance your father had one of the healers look into?" Oersen asked matter-of-factly. "I think so... I'm not sure," he replied truthfully. She smiled. "It matters not. I simply need some help in using it. Apparently it's wonderfully sticky and is an excellent substitute for wax when sealing letters." "Oh." Legolas tried to look interested, but he truly wasn't. In fact, he was feeling strangely tired, but he simply put it down to being awake so early looking for Louvel. "I was wondering if you could take this one to your father. I would deliver it myself but I simply must see the other Advisors on an important matter." She handed him the letter, sealed with the new substance. A little got on his fingers, but he wiped it discreetly on his tunic. He'd forgotten however about the cut on his finger, not realising when a little seeped into the tiny wound. 'Thank goodness!' thought Legolas. 'I thought she'd have me here for ages-' "And then if you could find the evening report in that pile over there." Legolas sighed inside. 'I knew it was too good to be true...' ---- "Well, look who's back from his wanderings! Welcome to dinner little brother! Well, what was dinner, only you're about an hour late..." Legolas slumped down into his chair. "Shut up Hal..." Sólia passed her youngest a plate. "Don't worry dear; I saved you some. Hal tried to take it, but mothers always know..." Legolas stared at the food on the plate, poking it with his fork. "What's wrong Legolas?" asked Thranduil. Legolas pushed the plate away. "I guess I'm just not very hungry..." Sólia frowned. "Is everything alright?" Legolas nodded. "I think... I think I'll turn in for the night." He rose from his seat. As he began to walk, he noticed how light-headed he felt. "See you in the morning, alright?" said Thranduil. Legolas only nodded, before leaving for the sanctuary of his bedroom. "Goodnight..." Little did any of them know that this was merely the beginning of a very frightful next few days... Tee hee hee... :-) Well, at least I'LL know what happens next... please R&R! It'd make my day if you do:-) And don't forget your detective work... what do you think is happening? ;-) Until next time...