I had never fallen into that abyss? I would have remained Gandalf the Grey. My power would not have been enough to help Théoden King fight Saruman. He would have remained lost in darkness, and we would have been deprived of Rohan's help in the War. The War would have been lost. Middle-earth would have fallen into darkness. Now Pippin, you say that it is your rock that had caused my fall into the abyss. If this is correct, it would mean that your foolish stone has saved Middle-earth. Does that sound likely to you?" "But Gandalf, this is unthinkable!" Pippin agreed. "Of course this is not possible!" "It is precisely as unthinkable as your theory that your stone has caused my death," the Wizard said. "Can you not see that?" The Hobbit was thoughtful for a moment, and then slowly nodded. "You are right, Gandalf. I am sorry. It was foolish to assume that my actions could have such a great impact." "All is well, my boy," Gandalf said with a gentle smile. "You have a good heart and it gave you more grief that you deserved. But why do you linger here? Is it not time for second breakfast?" "It is!" The Hobbit agreed readily. "I will leave you now, Gandalf. Please, call me if Frodo awakes." Suddenly he frowned in thought and his gaze met the Wizard's. "Gandalf?" "Yes, my lad?" "Do you think that... maybe... perhaps... it might be possible that my rock has saved Middle-earth?" The Wizard laughed. "I would say this is highly unlikely." "I know, but yet... still... maybe it is not impossible." " Very highly unlikely," Gandalf amended. "Still, not impossible!" Pippin said happily. Then he turned around and disappeared among the tents, humming 'I saved Middle-earth, I saved Middle-earth' with a strange melody. Gandalf shook his head in amusement and walked back, quietly entering Frodo's tent. His gaze moved from the sleeping Hobbit to the man sitting on the edge of the bed. "Let the lad have some joy," Aragorn said with a sad smile. "Your supposed death and his belief that it had been his doing caused him much pain. More than he could bear." "A Hobbit's heart is big," the Wizard said. "It carries great capacity for joy and sorrow." "And yet, the pain of killing a friend could be too much for anyone." Gandalf looked at him carefully. "And how would you know this, Aragorn?" The Ranger, who would very soon become a King, shrugged. "It is not difficult to imagine." The Wizard shook his head slightly. "So it has nothing to do with a long-past experience in Mirkwood, involving spiders and poison?" Aragorn paled. "How do you know this?" "Legolas told me everything when I passed through Mirkwood not long after it happened. He was worried." "Then his worries had been in vain," Aragorn said. "I recovered quickly." "Did you really?" Gandalf asked, his voice not completely devoid of doubt. The man sighed. "One never completely recovers from a murder, Gandalf. I have killed many men in my life, and this had never stopped haunting me. While I was serving Gondor, I often led attacks against the Corsairs. How many lives have I destroyed, how many families have I broken!" Aragorn stood up and started pacing around the bed. "I did it to protect Gondor, to serve my people. We always labelled the Corsairs as 'evil', as 'a thread'. And yet, surely many of them had wives and children, mothers and fathers, waiting for them to return. Who am I to decide that the children of Gondor had more right to have their fathers return safely home then those poor children in Umbar? I know that it was the Corsairs who threatened the peace and our safety, I know that what I did was right, but still I will never forget any of those deaths. I had killed many times – many, many times. I believed I was used to it and would be able to deal with anything. Yet, when I believed that my foolish actions had led to Legolas's death, the pain was so much stronger. To kill a friend is different from killing an enemy. I later realized that I was not responsible for what happened, but at the time I was not thinking clearly and the truth was hard to see. I believe it was the same with Pippin. I was greatly worried about him, and I hope he will recover." "Pippin is stronger than he seems," Gandalf said, sounding certain of his words. "He will recover." His gaze then moved to the tent's entrance, where Gimli had just appeared. The Dwarf looked at the sleeping Hobbit in concern, a frown marring his brow. "Frodo is recovering, Gimli," the Wizard said. "Good," the Dwarf replied with a quick nod. "I am glad." But his frown did not go away. It seemed as if he was angry at something, but what could anger the noble being now that the War was over? "What is the matter, Master Dwarf?" Aragorn asked. "It is the darn Hobbit!" Gimli suddenly snapped. "If he does not stop singing 'I saved Middle-earth' any time soon, he will have to talk to my axe! This is torture! It is even worse than Legolas's songs!" "Is that so?" Aragorn's eyes were wide in mock horror. "This says a lot, friend Gimli!" "Of course it does!" The Dwarf agreed readily. "I am glad that someone finally agrees with me! I have always known that you are a sensible lad, Aragorn!" He declared happily and left the tent, murmuring that the Elf should hear that. Gandalf and Aragorn exchanged a glance. "I believe Pippin has recovered completely," the Ranger said. "True," Gandalf said, his smile brighter than the dawn. "I believe he has." -:-: -:- The End -:-:-:- Thank you so much for reading! Reviews are greatly appreciated! The next chapter of "The Only Way to Kill the Dragon" is on its way!