man's house burned down? Many people will give him a hand then and help him in various ways. They will do it for different reasons – sympathy, a sense of what is right, desire to make a good impression, the need to feel like better people, and perhaps some of them would do it because of friendship. But what would happen if this same man had been very fortunate one day. He had made a successful hunt and had become even wealthier. I can tell you that fewer people would stand by him and truly share his joy than those who would have shared his sorrow. And would you be truly happy for him, or would you not wonder why he is the one who keeps being fortunate, and not you? Would you curse fate that it is not you who made than hunt? If you do not, and if you find true joy and forget your own hardships, then you are a real friend." " Ada , what does it mean to be powow?" "What it means to be poor?" Lord Elrond sighed. "I am afraid this question requires a lengthy answer as well, and I will leave it for tomorrow. Let us imagine something simpler then. You and your friend have a competition that matters a lot to you and he wins. Would you rejoice his victory or morn your loss?" "I would be happy for him," the boy said, without even taking a minute to think. "Perhaps you would," the elf said with a smile. "Yes, perhaps you would. And yet, this is easy to say and hard to do. Envy is a treacherous enemy which can hide inside your heart and slowly eat away what is good. It is more dangerous than anger or hatred, because it is sly and cunning. You might not even see it, but it hides in the shadows, ready to strike. Only when your heart holds no envy towards your friend, only then your friendship is real. Only then you will be able to forget your own troubles and your own pain and be happy simply because he is happy." ~*~*~ Minas Tirith, 3019 T. A. The newly crowned king gazed sadly at the lone figure standing by the window. He desperately wanted to stretch his hand and lay it on the slender shoulder, to take away all the pain, to take it all and endure it himself. The pain that he had inflicted. Legolas had lost everything because of him. Never again would he feel joy and content in the embrace of a tall tree as he once had. Never again would he feel at home in Greenwood, or anywhere else on this side of the Sea. The elf had given up everything for him. How did he wish it was not so! Suddenly the elf turned around and Aragorn froze. The corners of Legolas's month were turned upwards in a warm smile, a smile that reached his eyes. Deep, blue-greyish eyes, filled with joy. Joy? What was there to be happy about? He had lost everything. "You look happy," the man voiced his wonder before he could stop himself. What was the point of speaking about happiness now, now that Legolas had lost his own forever? Was this not digging into a painful wound? To his surprise, Legolas's smile brightened. "How can I not be? Everything you have fought for has come to pass. The Enemy is defeated, you have taken your rightful place as a King of Men. Arwen will arrive soon and you can be together until the rest of your days. The question is, why are you not happy?" Aragorn froze still and for a moment his worry about his friend's fate was forgotten. It was replaced by a new feeling, a stronger feeling. And then, suddenly the man pulled the startled elf into a fierce embrace. Legolas quickly returned it, although he could not comprehend what was happening in his friend's mind. And how could he? He did not know what Lord Elrond had said more than eighty years ago. ~*~*~ Rivendell, 2935 T. A. "Only when your friend's own heart is breaking," the elf said, "and yet he still has the strength to find joy in your happiness, only then, Estel, your friendship is real." The child seemed frightened by the new knowledge. Being a friend was more than he had ever imagined. "Will I find such a fend one day, ada ?" He asked. "Finding a true friend is hard, my son. You have to give a lot, and be prepared to accept what is given to you. But what you gain is worth the long road you need to walk. Your heart is noble and pure, and I believe that it will not be too hard for you to find true friends." The child nodded solemnly, but something troubled him still. It seemed he needed to know something more, but did not know how to ask. "Did I answer your question, Estel?" Lord Elrond asked. "You did, ada ," the child said softly. Yet, he made no move to leave. "Do you have another question?" The elf prompted. He knew his foster son well. The boy nodded, and he smiled. "Then speak. I am here to help you find the answers you seek." "Lelas said we were fends," the boy murmured. "Did he mean it?" Lord Elrond stood up from his chair, and turned towards the garden, breathing in the fresh air. "I fear I cannot answer your question, my son. Neither can you, and neither can Legolas. Only the tests of time will show. In the years ahead your friendship will face many obstacles. But if it will pass them successfully, only the future will show." But as the elf turned around, so that the boy could not see his face, he smiled. For Lord Elrond possessed the gift of foresight. And he already knew the answer. ~*~ The End ~*~