carrots and throws him onto Stella's back. She groans. We continue to run. Stadlen shoots him with more light bursts, then while he is blinded, Stadlen takes his staff and slams into the ground. Out shoots a tower of water which shoots the balrog right in the face. Shrouded in fire, it puts the fire out and the balrog fades away, defeated. I'm glad Stadlen is with us. He is good about keeping his head and staying focused. He really saved our lives. I think he is just as determined as any of us to reach the Shire, sooner rather than later. "We should get going. We need to make some headway before we have to stop again. All these distractions are getting in our way" says Stadlen. We continue walking for another couple of hours. We haven't eaten yet and it's getting hot and we are running out of water. Frodo managed to find some prickly pears, a desert fruit. It would have gone perfectly with our bread, if we still had it. Instead Stella caught a desert claw. I killed it with my axe and Stadlen cooked it with his burning embers. It should keep us going for a few more days. We come across an area that looks like it could be over an aquifer. The ground appears to be a little less dry than the surrounding areas. Stadlen lifts his staff into the air. It begins to glow a reddish color, then he circles the staff around in the air and then all of the sudden slams it down onto the ground. There is a loud crackling sound, the ground starts to shake and tremor. We look down at the ground and it is cracked. Next we hear a roaring sound as water starts to shoot out of the ground. We all start dancing around in the water. It's cool and refreshing. We are dancing with our mouths wide open filling them with the sweet water. Even Stella is lapping up as much water as she can. As a polar bear, the heat is extremely grueling for her. Finally, with full bellies and our thirst quenched, we continue our journey. We travel another league or so when we think we see a mirage. As we walk closer, it becomes clearer, it's a town! We start yelling in unison. Even Stella appeared to be celebrating. She was roaring loudly. We pick up our pace. The town was lush and green. It was an oasis in the middle of the desert. We were confused. Are we dreaming or is this real? "Stadlen, pinch me so I know it's real" I said. We come across a little hut. Frodo knocks on the door and Strider answers the door. We are shocked to see him. "Strider!" We all say, stunned. "What are you doing out here in the middle of nowhere?" "I came to help some of Arwen's family. I was going to be leaving soon. It looks like you three might need some help though. Why don't you tell me what brings YOU here" he questioned. Before we begin our tale, he welcomes us in and gives us some food and a place to sit. We tell him about our journey through the desert and our run in with the balrog. We were so happy to see a friendly face, everything we had overcome didn't seem to matter. Strider gave us goats to ride and we replenish our supplies with water, food, weapons, and a few other things that may come in handy. Strider is filled with so much knowledge. He is a pathfinder and healer. He is priceless to have on a journey, especially one that is long and dangerous. His healing abilities alone make him worth bringing along. He was able to heal Frodo using special athelas leaves. Just the way he did the last time he saved Frodo's life. He even has a pair of shoes for Frodo, made out of troll skin. Hopefully they will keep him from getting his feet hurt again. As we are getting ready to leave Strider says "hold on! Harrrleeyyy!" The next thing we know a balrog is running towards us! Stadlen, Frodo, and I, start to scramble for a place to hide, but then Strider stops us. "Wait! This is Harley, he's the friendly balrog who saved me." We cautiously crawl out form our hiding places. Now that we have Strider, our time should pass a lot faster. Having the goats to ride and Harley to carry our entire load will quicken things as well. We arrive to the Shire in half the time we expected. It is lusher and greener than I ever dreamed. It is more beautiful than I could have imagined. All the hobbits are busy and carefree as usual. I see the Took's are harvesting their pumpkins. Others are making fireworks for the festival. Everyone is so busy at work, no one notices us entering the town. Then all of the sudden, our friend Sam-wise, looks up from the paper lanterns he is making and can't believe his eyes. He drops everything and runs over to us and grabs Frodo to give him a big hug. Then all of the sudden everyone sees Harley and starts running away. After all, it's not every day you see a balrog in the Shire. Once everyone calms down and we explain he is friendly, they go back about their business like nothing has happened. You would think after all we have been through, we would get a little nicer greeting. The only reason why anyone noticed us was because of Harley. We all want to go take a nice long nap in a nice warm bed, but instead we help get ready for Harvestmath. It feels so good to finally be here. I can't wait until our next adventure. "Hey Stadlen! When can we head back?" Both Stadlen and Frodo throw me a dirty look and say "No!"