getting a better grip on the blade, I kick away my bag and assume a basic stance; both hands on the hilt while holding the blade parallel with my eyes. "Looks like a weak fella boys," one said. Jeers and dark chuckles emanated from all of them, swallowing I say, "If you are as tough as your friend, then I should be done with this quickly." A snarl came from the head creature, "You'll pay for that, mainly with your body," he pulled a knife before licking the blade, I looked in disgust as he said, "I wonder if you're as tasty as that ranger we ate." "Why don't you come down here and find out," I say bravely, unfortunately my voice cracked. Laughter rang from all around, "Looks like he isn't as brave as he looks, take him boys!" Three monsters hop down, before charging forward. I quickly raise my sword, spinning I duck underneath one blade before slashing upward at one of the creatures exposed stomach; then I raise my blade to quickly block the second creatures blow before kicking him in the gut, as it knocked him back I heard the third creatures feet on the ground, so I quickly flip over his head, tucking in my legs before lunging at the second creature, leaping up I stab the blade into his neck and with a spray of black blood I roll as I hit the ground and return back to my feet. As I turn back to the third monster, something hits me from the side before I'm restricted onto the forest floor; the leader monster is perched on my gut, a boot on each of my wrists as he grabs my throat with his hand. "Why'd you have to go and kill my men, you filthy human," he began to squeeze slowly but more painfully as time went on. "Now pathetic little man-flesh, I am going to enjoy plunging this blade into your belly." He got a crazed, hungry look in his eye before raising the dagger, that is until an arrow went through his skull. Scrambling from the body I look and see a long-haired blond leap from a tree, flipping in a graceful arc before rolling on impact, raising his bow and launching an arrow at me. Training kicking in I roll out of the way before picking up the scimitar, and in a quick move I sprint away, grabbing my bag I sling it over my shoulder and hurry off into the woods. I heard the sound of his bowstring, the arrow whizzing and the impact of an object hitting flesh. Hoisting my bag over my shoulder I continue into the woods, leaping over tree roots I hurry into the forest, anywhere from the crazy blond. But luck was not on my side that day. I saw a yellow flash before instinct took over, rolling I heard the arrow whiz by my head before I quickly mule kicked the blond in the chest. With a grunt he fell back, his bow flying from his hands, rolling with the blow he pulled out two curved knives, and that's when I got a good look at him. He was tall, with fair skin and the crazy long hair; his blue eyes were cold, piercing, and calculating as ice itself. With a roar he charged, swinging the knives in quick succession. Dodging the blows, I registered that this guy was a pro at killing, however, daggers were not his strongest suit, so I could potentially survive this. ' However,' I thought as I parried a blow before striking at his legs, 'this is all hypothetical.' The man spat something in a different language as we both were in a lock. "One second," I say. I quickly kicked him the chest before quickly putting on the ring, hoping to understand the language. Then something unexpected happened. A rush of power flowed into my veins, as if a fire poured straight into them. Images and visions flashed in my head, all stopped when I saw a familiar blond wielding the double knives against a person in 'first-person' vision. Suddenly reacting, I quickly charged, raising my blade to knock away his daggers before kicking his chest before dashing forward and rammed him onto the ground before quickly taking off my ring. Pressing the blade into his neck, I quickly said, "What to repeat that again, so I can understand please?" Snarling the man struggled before saying, "Who are you? What are you doing defiling these woods?" "I'm not defiling anything, I'm trying to get out of this stupid forest," I say. He growled, "You defile it with that blade and your disrespect!" Wow, what a jerk, "Look hippy, I'm trying to get out of here, I got this by trying to survive those things and you didn't help by shooting an arrow at me," I point out. "If I were not armed I'd cut your tongue boy! " The guys said, thrashing a little. I was about to retort when I saw his ears. Now normally I wouldn't care, but this guy had pointy ears, pointy! Like he was… I look at him in shock, "You're en elf." He looks at me confused, he was about to say something when I heard the sound of bowstrings. Looking up I see that I'm surrounded by several elves (I think) which all had arrows pointed at me. They spoke in another language again, but I didn't want to put on my ring, something was…off about it. "They said to drop your weapon or be filled with arrows," the elf said. I look at him before saying, "One question: Whats your name elf?" He bristled, "Legolas, to you, human." I move the blade while processing what he was ticked about. It then occurred to me that I shouldn't have called him an elf as something hacked my head and my vision went dark. Finally done. Read, Enjoy and God Bless. Review