the very few who truly knew me and truly understood me. He understood each one of us. Yet, I do not believe there was any of us, or any one person on this earth, Men, Elf, Hobbit or Dwarf, who understood him, who really knew who he was, what he had lived through, what he dreamed of. For the Hobbits he was a troublemaker and bringer of wondrous fireworks. For the Dwarves he was a leader in their fight for their lost treasures. For the Men, he was a bearer of ill news, and yet a wise advisor. For the Elves, he was one to whom they could always turn for counsel, and a loyal friend. And yet, he was so much more than all of that. And even though I have traveled with him for so many years, I do not believe that I have even begun to understand him." Legolas squeezed the man's arm tightly and turned to look him in the eyes. "I know, my friend," he said softly. "I know. I feel the same. I cannot believe he is gone. For me he was everlasting – like the air that I breathe and the water that I drink. Middle-earth is not the same without him." Aragorn stared ahead forlornly, silently dwelling on the elf's words, but no tears flowed down his pale face. Legolas sighed. "Release your grief, Estel! It will make your heart lighter." The man mutely shook his head. "I… cannot." The elf placed his hands on Aragorn's shoulders and pulled back, so that he could look deep into his friend's eyes. He frowned. "You have kept this bottled up inside yourself for too long," Legolas said sadly. "Now you do not know how to release it. You must find your way by yourself. Tell me, do you wish me to stay with you this night and help you in whatever way I can, or do you wish me to go?" Aragorn considered the offer. Mere minutes ago, when Legolas had first started interrogating him, he had wanted nothing more than to be left alone. But now… he was not as certain. "I will speak with you later tonight," he said at length. "But for now I need to be alone." Legolas nodded and stood up, reluctantly releasing his grip on the man's shoulder. "I will be up in the talan . Come and call me when you are ready. I do not believe I will get much sleep tonight anyway, so worry not about waking me up." Aragorn smiled sadly. "Ah yes, you will be tossing and turning all night because of insufferable, pigheaded trolls, no doubt!" "Precisely," Legolas said, fixing the man with a hard stare. "And I sincerely hope that this will be the last night I shall spent that way!" Before Aragorn could respond, the elf grabbed a branch and disappeared into the thick foliage. "Thank you," the man whispered in the darkness, knowing that his friend had heard him. Laments for Gandalf were still sung by many elves wandering the woods at night. Aragorn longed to join his song with theirs, but did not have the heart to do it. The stars were shining brightly above and he looked at them for solace and wisdom, but they could offer none. The ranger slowly stood up, breathing in the fresh night air. The smell of grass and flowers and spring and life filled his nostrils. Barefooted, he walked over the soft grass, not sure where he was going. The story he had just told was still fresh in his mind. Naturally, he had not shared all of it. He had not wished to discuss his thoughts about Arwen and his past fears of Elrond's rejection, not even with his friends. This was never an issue with Gandalf. Gandalf always knew and never judged. There is much pain and toil awaiting you on your path, and I will not always be there to guide you. The wizard had spoken these words many years ago, but only now Aragorn understood what they meant. He had always assumed they only meant that often their paths would separate and each of them would follow his own tasks, but at the end they would be reunited once again to exchange news and wisdom. Never had he thought that Gandalf would disappear from his life forever. Never had he thought that he would never again have the opportunity to ask his friend for wise counsel, to share his hopes and troubles. Aragorn looked at the stars intently, desperately trying to find a new one among them. For some reason he believed that after his death, Gandalf would be reborn as a star and would watch him and guide him from above. Somehow, he could not imagine that Gandalf would be completely gone, with no trace. But the night sky was the same as ever, with no new lights to grace it. His gaze turned to Eärendil instead. Daeradar , Elladan and Elrohir called them, but Aragorn could not bring himself to use this word to describe the bright star. Eärendil have often watched over him and given him light and hope during his travels, but he was so distant, so noble, so unreachable. He was not the warm and kind-hearted old man that he could always share a good smoke with and ask for shrewd advice. Eärendil was not his grandpa, and neither were Arador and Dírhael. He had found a true grandfather neither by blood nor by adoption… but by helping a grumpy old man in a cold river. And now, he had lost him forever. With a choked cry Aragorn fell to his knees and finally let his tears fall. -:- Thanks for reading! Reviews are greatly appreciated! By the way, I am really curious, at what point did you guess Grandpa's identity? I tried to keep it very ambiguous until the fight with the bandits, but I'm not sure how it turned out.