of the beasts with my sword, but it kept its focus on Eldarion! I could not divert them!" "What sword?" Aragorn asked sharply. "I was not aware your father allowed you to carry your sword around." The boy's eyes widened and he blushed, and the man sighed. This would have to wait. There were more pressing matters. And then a sudden realization made him stagger. Arwen reached out to steady him, but he slipped out of her hold, collapsed on a chair, and buried his face in his hands. "Every single animal is enraged when wounded," he said. "Fight or flee is the most primal survival instinct. If you hurt an animal, it would perceive that it is in danger and do one of two things – either run away, or attack its assailant. You hurt that dog, Baranir, and yet, it did neither. Instead, it ignored the one who presented the immediate threat, and focused its attention on Eldarion. These dogs have been specifically trained to attack my son. And this is not all – they were trained so well that they were ready to ignore their most basic instinct, to give up their own survival, only to follow this order." Everyone held their breath as the implications sunk it. There was no doubt left that whatever had happened, had been directed against Eldarion. "This tells us that we are dealing with an unusually skilled dog trainer," Arwen said. Aragorn stood up and started pacing. "It matters not how skilful he is," he said. "No one, no matter how talented, can train the dogs to attack Eldarion specifically, unless they have met him, or at least know his scent." Arwen walked to him and placed a hand on his arm. "What if they had something that belongs to Eldarion?" she suggested. "A piece of clothing perhaps, or a shoe? That would have taught the dogs his scent." He nodded thoughtfully. "That would have been enough. And I see no other possibility even though I am unwilling to believe it. Do you know what this means?" Arwen paled and leaned in closer towards him. When she spoke, her voice was barely above a whisper. "There is someone in the palace involved." Aragorn put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. Then he turned towards the nanny. "Moriel, can you tell me who has access to my son's possessions?" "I am afraid that too many people do, my lord," the girl said. "All the maids that come to clean the room, the carpenter who came last week to fix Eldarion's bed, the servants responsible for the laundry-" "I see," the King said. "I would ask you two, ladies, to go through Eldarion's possessions and see if anything is missing. You two would know them better than anyone. Then make a list of everything missing, try to find out when it disappeared and who might have taken it. In the meantime, I will go with Baranir to the place where Eldarion was attacked, and see what the guards have found. Even if they have arrived swiftly and my son is safe, we still need to get to the bottom of this to prevent further assaults." "You can count on us, your Majesty," Moriel said. "I will come with you now," Arwen whispered tiredly and slowly leaned closer to her husband. "I need to learn of my son's fate as soon as possible. I shall help Moriel when I return." Aragorn smiled gently. "I had expected nothing else. Come, let us go now for I am anxious for our child. I will prepare some supplies first. If what I fear has come to pass, I might have to spend some days away from the City. Moriel, could you send someone to entertain Lord Ghasaan for the time being? I will give additional orders concerning him as soon as I learn of Eldarion's fate." "My Lord! Wait!" Baranir suddenly cried. "There is something I forgot to tell you!" The King and Queen whirled around and started at him. "What is it, my boy?" Aragorn asked. "There was music in the forest, a strange melody, as if played on a pipe. We heard it right before the dogs attacked, and it continued until after we left." Arwen looked confused, but Aragorn nodded as if some things had become clearer all of a sudden. "I am grateful that you remembered that in time, Baranir. It might play a role more significant than you expect." With those words he turned around and walked towards his champers, but paused only to take his pack and then quickly left. When he returned, his pack was empty no longer. Then the King took off the intricate attire meant for formal meetings and put on his travel clothes. In a minute, Arwen entered, carrying bread and a full waterskin. She took a glimpse of what was inside her husband's pack, and frowned in confusion. "Estel?" He looked at her and his heart seemed to break. She looked so frightened and lost, so desperate and disconcerted, and he tried to show all of his confidence and determination in his gaze. "I know what I am doing, dearest. Do you not trust me?" She looked from the strange object in the pack, the meaning of which she could not comprehend, to those grey eyes, which were always filled with love and care when they were turned towards her. But there was something more in that silver gaze this time. There was a steely resolve that she had seen only on rare occasions, and yet she knew that every time her beloved wore that look, everything would end well because he would never give up until it did. "I trust you." TBC Thanks for reading! You already have enough information to start guessing what happened, so guesses are welcome! If you have no guesses, reviews of any kind are even more welcome. Next chapter, "Heart of Ice" , is coming next week.