from Frodo." Legolas turned to face Karla. "You do?" He frowned. "I know why you adored Kíli so those 70 years past. He was the most comely of dwarves and no other male has surpassed him. Not even my Gimli. Not even his own brother surpassed him. You were well within your means to try and secure his affections. Yet he did not return them?" Karla said, Legolas shook his head. "Think about this, Elf-King of Mirkwood. You know that Kíli did not return your affections yet you did not know why. Kíli had a maiden in his eyes when he left Ered Luin to go on that quest. He intended to marry his cousin. But sadly died before he could do so." She said. "He intended to marry you, My lady?" Legolas said, maybe she'd return the favour and stop calling him 'Elf' all the time. "Yes. He was engaged to me when he left, but he died before we wed. He told me that if anything happened to him then I had to continue on with my life and marry another. Gimli has held my heart for many years now and did only after I had passed my grief of losing my family. It took time but he claimed my heart as his own and I claimed his. So do not despair, King. Maybe at one time Aragorn did love you more than Middle-Earth itself. But he now loves Frodo and for now you do not surpass his love for the Melekûn. Just remember that you are Aragorn's dear friend and that will have to be enough for you." Karla said, before dropping into a curtsey and bidding him a goodnight and leaving. Legolas stood watching the way she had gone with astonishment. How on earth did she know all that? How did she see through his pain and regret of not being able to tell Kíli how he felt and now that he was projecting that pain onto Aragorn? Dwarves were just as amazing as Hobbits and probably just as annoying. Legolas sat in the gardens the next morning just thinking. He wanted Aragorn, always had, but his love was not returned. Could he really just throw it away? No. He had hurt Frodo, he knew he had, he had seen the wounded look in the Hobbit's eyes. And somehow he couldn't find it in him to care. Karla had lectured him on the pros and cons of doing what he wanted here in Gondor and mostly the dwarf had made sense. Basted creature. He sounded mean even in his head – Karla wasn't a creature, she was a Princess within her people. She was royalty. Legolas kicked a stone, he chewed his bottom lip thoughtfully, a tiny voice broke his thoughts. "Uncle?" He looked up and smiled at Elanor, she was 6 and she looked a lot like Frodo. Except her blonde hair was an anomaly – Frodo said it threw back to his mother and Bilbo. Both of which had the wheat hair that Elanor possessed. And helped with naming her. "You love Daddy don't you? You don't want him to be with Papa?" Legolas understood then, he wouldn't just be hurting Frodo, he'd hurt his 'nieces' and 'nephew'. Eldarion, Elanor, Elwing, Finduilas, Nimrodel and Melian would all feel the hurt of the separation of their parents. "I do love him, El. But I also loved a Dwarf a long time ago, long before you were born. In fact it was long before Daddy met Papa, many years before. He was a handsome Dwarf and in fact is the cousin to your Aunt Karla. He was charming, yet sarcastic and witty yet reckless. But he endeared me. Now I knew I could never have him, my father – let alone his Uncle – would never allow it. Our people did not like each other. So I let my love for him die, until I met your Daddy. During the big war – did they tell you about that? – I fought alongside your Daddy many times, often to protect your Papa. And by the end of the War, your Daddy and your Papa loved each other very much a love even I could not match…and I never will match." Legolas said, the words falling from his mouth before he could stop them. He realized what he'd just said when Elanor hugged him and said she knew he wouldn't hurt Papa. Legolas was stunned, had he just admitted that he could never match Frodo's love for Aragorn? Maybe he had, maybe he was right. It was time to go back to Mirkwood. It was time to go home. "So it worked?" Gimli said watching as Legolas said goodbye to Aragorn and then Frodo, apologizing as he went. "So it seems." Karla replied as she checked the children had everything. "You work wonders." Gimli said, making Karla smile before she shrieked batting his hand away. "Hands to yourself please, Gimli. I am not a toy." She scolded. "Not at all. But you did well." He told her gifting her with a kiss, she smiled and then the family made their way forward to bid their companions goodbye. Maybe in another 5 years there would be more to their brood and then they could see how things were going. 5 years is a long time… The names of Aragorn and Frodo's daughters are explained here: Elanor – Named after a flower that blooms in Lothlorien in the winter. It means " Star –sun" for its star-shape and golden colour (therefore matches Elanor's golden hair) Elwing – Named after the Elven Princess of Doriath. The mother of Elrond and his brother, Elros. Finduilas – Named after the Dúnedain Princess of Dol Amorth. Mother of Boromir and Faramir. Nimrodel – Named after an Elven Maid of Lothlorien. Lost her way through the White Mountain and was never seen again. Melian – Named after the mother of Lúthien an Elven Princess.