my life, along with its first owner. The memory fades almost as soon as it appeared. Every nerve in my body screams with pain, but I fight on. We were a small group, but it looks like we will win this battle. We have lost much, but they have lost more. My knives glint in the sun, and I fight even though my body protests. We are slashing, stabbing and cutting too fast for mortal eyes to see. It looked like we would win, even though we were ambushed and taken off guard. It happened in an instant. An orc, the leader of the group, was taking on my Prince. He is already wounded, and beginning to slow. I cut my way though the rotten flesh of orcs to get to him. We stand back to back, while he battles one foe, one unbeatable foe, I keep the others at bay, until the one falls and we finish them off. He has ordered all the seriously wounded to find safer ground, but I refused to leave his side, I will not leave him alone to fight something he can not win by himself this time. Soon enough, we become the only ones left on the battle field, but the others formed a circle around and I can hear their bows sing; with each note another orc falls. Only a few of the dark warriors are left, but it is too late. To lessen their shame, one orc has decided if they would not get victory, they would take out our valiant leader who had killed so many of them today, and thousands more since he could first shoot strait. It happens so fast. There is only one thing I can do, and I lunge, thanking the Valar for my fast reflexes. The scimitar makes a deep cut in my side, and I only manage to kill him before I collapse with a cry of pain. The Prince, my prince, finishes the last orc and kneels at my side. "You saved me." I smile weakly in return. I belatedly think of how the last cut would not have killed me, had I not been so injured beforehand. I know I'm going to die, although I don't know how. But this is the end. "Why didn't you listen, and fall back? You would have lived. Why did you have to stay?" the anguish is clear in his voice. "For you... For Mirkwood... For Greenwood," I answer, gasping. "Do not... blame yourself. This… was my choice." "Don't talk-" "Hannon Le. For all this. And for the knife that made it all possible. Hannon... Le." I groaned, and raised my twin blades across my chest, a position of honor, that I died for Mirkwood. One was the red cherry wood of the Archers, the other the white of our Prince, that I now had for more than a millennium. He gently removes them from my weak grip, and wipes the black blood on his tattered leggings. He returned them to my fingers. A silent tear trickles down his face. "It has been my honor, Alehia Vendaltion, to have fought beside you." " The honor... is all mine. I am proud... to die... for my home... and my prince." I close my eyes, for the last time in this world and consciousness, and my soul was picked up on a white bird and I flew on its back, through the trees I loved so much, to the Halls of Mandos. " îdh " was the last thing he whispered to me. One of the elves who had been treated by one of the healers came, and they carried my body away. Away to be burned with honor. I was the only to not walk away from that battle, even though many walked away on crutches or leaning heavily on another, or were carried to the palace healing wings. Rosechilan, who had become my best friend over the years, sailed to Valinor after my death. She was so tired of death, and sadness and despair, that come often to a fighter. Valinor was the only place where she might find peace again. I told him not to blame himself, but the poor elf could not heed my last request. The only thing that kept him from fading from grief, grief accumulated from all the warriors that I now have join in Mandos' Hall, that has resurfaced, was his swear of vengeance. He swore over my dead body that for each elf that had been lost to the hands of evil, they would lose so much more. I did not think he would be this effected, this effected by one elf that he had led to many a battle, when he had become familiar with loss so long ago, but I think it was my loyalty. When he saw me refuse to fall back, he realized that all the elves who had died protecting Mirkwood from the darkness had done it out of loyalty and love for Greenwood. And loyalty and love for him. Translations(some is Quenya, some is Sindarin): Ada – Father Naneth – Mother Muindor – Brother Penneth – Young one Hannon Le – Thank You îdh – Rest Author's note- I feel guilty. But this ending is so sweet and agnsty... To make myself feel better, I will tell you that this is how she wanted to die. When she saved Legolas, she knew if he died, the hope of Mirkwood would die too. She desperately wanted Mirkwood to be Greenwood the Great again, and was willing to give her life for the cause. We will be seeing Alehia again, explaining some of the stuff in the text, and giving you a glimpse of her adventures. The main characters of LOTR are always used, so i wanted to show the members of the Fellowship weren't the only ones who had an adventure. Although I have only read a few OC fanfics that I liked.