got a glimpse of blue eyes and fine blonde hair, she walked up to the elvenking – as bold as a hobbit! And she took the babe from his very arms. 'Here,' she said as she took him. 'I shall show you how to do it properly when you have finished greeting everyone.' And with that she walked off into Elrond's halls, princeling in tow and no sign of coming back. Indeed, the King and Queen did not see their only child again until the afternoon meal!" Eowyn and Faramir laughed in disbelief, Gandalf at his memories as a horrified Elrond had told him the story not months after that very visit. "So there you are Eowyn," Faramir stammered through his chuckles. "Mothering elves is a common practice even amongst their own kin. What hope do us mere mortals have?" "Aye very well Faramir," said Eowyn. "But Gandalf, I do not see how this has anything to do with Legolas. He was not even in the story." Gandalf considered her for a moment, before falling into raucous laughter yet again, startling a poor housemaid so severely that she dropped a vase on her husband's foot. "Good grief that leaf knows how to keep his secrets. He truly does take after that father of his! My dear Eowyn, Legolas's full name is Legolas Thranduilion; 'Legolas, son of Thranduil'." Faramir blanched. "Oh... Oh . Oh no." Over Gandalf's maniacal giggling, Faramir painfully remembered several situations and conversations which he would never have wished to share with an elven-Prince. Some of the things he had said to Legolas after a cup too many of wine. Some of the things he'd done... "Oh dear." Slowly, the realisation dawned over Eowyn. "Thranduil. Legolas is the son of the elvenking Thranduil? But that would make him-" "The elf-prince of Eryn Lasgalen," Gandalf finished happily. What the Wizard did not expect however, was the thwack around the head, and subsequent attack on the rest of his body. "Why did you not tell us you trickster?!" Eowyn admonished, hands now well restrained by Faramir, who had received his own strikes for his trouble. "My brother – my uncle, myself! Such a breach in propriety and customs and traditions when he came to Rohan. Had we known -" "Had you known the enemy could have too! Could you imagine what Saruman or Sauron himself could have done with that knowledge? That the only child of the elvenking, who continued to thwart their efforts in Dol Guldur, lay within mere leagues? No, Eowyn, as soon as Legolas was allowed to venture beyond the kingdom boundaries, he was taught well the value of secrecy and anonymity." "I know your truth," Eowyn reluctantly agreed. "But that does not make me feel better." Faramir looked up at her sheepish tone and was shocked to see her blushing profusely. "What did you do?" He almost laughed. But he was not a Ranger for nothing, and his sense of self-preservation advised him to keep his silence. "I-" she stammered. Steeling herself, Eowyn took a steadying breath. "After helm's deep. One of those great beasts had hidden in the caves, and snagged me by my bodice strings to capture me. I managed to slay him but he had pulled too tight, and the cursed cloth was crushing my very chest, I'm sure of it." "Women's clothing is rarely fashioned to be practical in battle my lady," Gandalf teased, undeterred by her answering scowl. "What then?" Faramir prompted. "Well... I couldn't breathe. I had no breath to call out for help, and had ordered all of the others in the cave to leave by other passages. But luck was with me. Legolas was passing, to see if the caves were clear and he spotted me. But by then -" she glanced ruefully at Faramir. "By then?" "I was out of breath, and suffocating. And Legolas acted so quickly, as he had no choice. By the Maeras I am so embarrassed!" "Eowyn?" She hastily mumbled something under her breath, suddenly finding the stonework beneath their feet fascinating. Gandalf it seemed, had heard. He looked as a man conflicted. At a glance he seemed solemn, but when one looked closer, you could see his bushy white brow and smiling lips quirking and twitching all over his face. "I am sorry my lady, could you say that again. So other humans could hear?" Faramir asked. "Legolas... he cut off my bodice... The Prince of Eryn Lasgalen had to rescue me from my own clothing! He saw me in my undress!" Her long-fingered hands were clasped over her mouth in horror at her own confession. Faramir fought desperately to maintain his neutral facade, raising only a slightly surprised brow. After all, it was the choice between life or death to laugh at Eowyn's plight. Gandalf again, it seemed, had no such qualms, and resorted to leaning on his staff so as to stop himself from falling over. "It is not that bad, my love," he said, voice passably even. "And Legolas is gentlemanly. I'm sure he will never mention it." "Mention what?" Aragorn appeared around a corner. "Our elf can be devilish at times my friends, make no mistake," he grinned. "My Lord Aragorn," Faramir bowed hastily, to hide his face and keep his hard-won composure. As he rose he saw Aragorn's easy smile slip off his face as he spied unbridled horror spread across the lady's fair face. He jumped in to distract Aragorn, lest he add to his love's discomfort. "I have those blankets, for the healing halls," he smiled. "At your undress – request !" Down the hall, Legolas awoke to the sounds of Eowyn, hurling abuse he had never heard from a female's lips at her beloved. As he walked the halls back to his room, he saw the Steward streak into the halls of healing, and spied the great White Wizard, collapsed on the floor and howling in laughter. Perhaps, he thought, he was still dreaming.