combed shoulder-length hair and frowned. "But I am afraid we do not look ranger-like enough." "Yet," Aragorn said. "This can be easily corrected. Come!" The King and Prince ran outside and continued until they reached a muddy puddle. Aragorn dipped his hands into the filthy water, wetted his hair and tousled it. Then he took a handful of dust and applied a small amount to his hair and face, which gave him quite a rugged appearance. Finally, he took out some mud from the pond and covered his travel boots. At last he sat on the ground, stretched his long legs before him, and took out a long pipe from a pocket in his cloak. He smiled casually at his son and lit the pipe. "Now, Eldarion, it is your turn." The boy was gazing at his father in admiration. The complete transformation from the almost elven-like King of Gondor and Arnor to the rugged human had occurred in mere seconds. " Ada , may I try pipe-weed?" He asked. Aragorn shook his head. "Your mother will hang me, drown me, and behead me if I let you do that. Besides, you are too young and it is not healthy." The boy snorted unhappily, but his eyes brightened when he realized that it was now his turn to cover himself in dirt and grime. He grabbed a handful of mud, but to Aragorn's shock, instead of using it to cover his boots as the man had done, he spread a generous layer over his face. Eldarion laughed and started jumping into the puddle. "Oh, ada , being a ranger is so fun!" When the child was positively wet, he lay down and started rolling into the mud, laughing happily. The King's eyes widened in horror. "My son, you were supposed to disguise yourself as a traveler, not as a pig!" "At least I certainly don't look like a prince now!" Eldarion replied triumphantly and finally rose from the mud. "Even nana wouldn't recognize me now!" Aragorn eyed him critically. "You look perfect. Ready to go?" The boy nodded and after the King had run swiftly to the royal chambers to leave a brief note, they both went to the stables. They mounted two horses, not their usual ones since they wanted to travel incognito, and rode out, never noticing Arod and a magnificent black mare hidden in the shadows. Something else they failed to notice was the cloaked man following their every move. -:- "My Lord!" "What is it, Pyasak?" The man turned around and his dark eyes glimmered with impatience. "The King! The King and his son! They both left the City! They are riding south now." The Haradrim frowned. "Where is he going? Is the birthday celebration cancelled then?" "I do not know, my Lord." The man nodded. "In this case we need to change the plan. Take all twenty men. We leave now." "Where are we going?" Pyasak asked. "We ride after them. And we will kill them." -:- "I will kill them!" Legolas watched her with something akin to amusement. "Come now, Arwen, no harm is done. Certainly there is no need to kill them." "You are right. I will not kill them. I will kill him ." The golden-haired elf sighed. As it was, it seemed that his friend would be in trouble when he returned home. "Are you sure? Perhaps it was Eldarion's idea." "I do not care who suggested this madness," she said firmly. "Eldarion is but a child and cannot fully understand the risk he is taking. But Estel… ah! How could he ride out without his escort? How could he take my child out without protection?" "He had survived long years without any escort," Legolas tried to reason, but Arwen would have none of it. "But he is a king now! And kings have enemies. And even if he is willing to put his life in danger, how could he endanger my son? Eldarion is helpless out there!" Legolas grasped her shoulders and forced their eyes to meet. "Arwen look at me. No one is helpless. Aragorn knows how to take care of himself and of your son. He loves Eldarion as much as he loves you. He will die before he lets anything happen to the boy." Arwen closed her eyes and sat on the bed. "That is what I fear," she whispered softly. Legolas gazed at her, slightly disturbed. He wondered briefly if it was foresight that made Arwen speak so, but then decided that it was only the worry of a mother and a wife. He knelt in front of her and touched her forearm. "Arwen, nothing will happen. I am sure Aragorn knows what he is doing. They will arrive in Ithilien, my friends there will come up with some story to explain my absence, and they will ride back. The elves might even give them an escort on the way back here. They will return in no time and we will surprise him as we have planned. Agreed?" Arwen forced a smile and nodded. "I will send his escort after him," she said. He quickly shook his head. "That will not help. He is far away now and your men won't reach him. Besides, he is far safer as it is. Sending the escort will tell everyone that the King is outside the City by himself. If we do not speak a word everyone will think he is still in Minas Tirith and he will be back before anyone has noticed." Arwen sighed. "You are right. I will follow your advice. Apparently you can think much more clearly then me right now." But she didn't know that hours ago, someone had already discovered that the king has left. -:- TBC Thanks for reading and feedback is very welcome! Note to everyone reading "The Only way to Kill the Dragon": My apologies for the delay. I have not abandoned the story and it will be updated. 9