them, they carried him over to the bed next to the one Legolas was lying on top of. Gently placing him under the sheets and making sure he was situated, the two elves looked to each other. Finally being able to express his appreciation, Elrond clapped a hand on Elladan's shoulder and smiled broadly at his oldest. "You did well, son, you did well." A groan awoke him. His eyes snapped open and they were immediately flooded with light. Groaning once more, after realizing that the former was his, too, Legolas tried to roll over to his left side. His head pounded in time with his heartbeat and he felt horrible. But that was when the memories hit him. Shooting up from the bed, the elven prince immediately regretted it as his head swam and he nearly fell off the bed. Swaying and leaning forward to brace his head in his hands, Legolas's eyes widened as he tried not to be sick. Feeling a hand on his shoulder, his body tensed until he fought down the pangs of nausea. Finally successful, the prince was able to look to the side to see who was comforting him. Shocked was not the right word to use, he thought. "Strider?" he asked. The ranger smiled weakly and sat down beside the elf on the bed. Not even thinking about it, Legolas shuffled to make room and almost feel off again as his equilibrium was messed with. Swallowing heavily as Aragorn wrapped an arm around his shoulders, Legolas managed to stay upright and not be sick. Ready to speak, he turned his head and examined his friend. Aragorn was still pale and had deep rings under his eyes but his eyes were shining brightly. "I was beginning to think you would never wake up, Legolas. Trying to avoid all the labor, shame on you." Aragorn's voice was light, but Legolas had known the man too many years to not be able to recognize the underlying worry. Thinking better of rolling his eyes, the blonde elf leaned into his friend. "How long have you been awake? What happened?" rubbing his temple, the elf waited for the ranger's answer. Aragorn hesitated and also leaned in closer to his friend. "Well, I know it's been about a day and a half since you've been knocked out. Elladan "rescued" me a little after that man attacked you." Legolas jerked sharply to look at Aragorn and regretted it as his vision blackened. Aragorn's worried voice broke through once more and he opened his eyes. Realizing that he was lying across Aragorn's lap and distressing the ranger, Legolas sat up slowly and leaned back against the wall behind his bed. "That was not fun… what do you mean "rescued" you. What happened?" The ranger spent the next few minutes explaining of how Elladan had saved him from the outcropping and how hours later, the other elves had located the attacker's body floating in the water below the falls. Elrond and Glorfindel had read the whole journal and found out that the man had truly been insane and determined to kill Aragorn because of his involvement with the elves. However, they still did not know why the man had gone after the rangers in the beginning. After Estel's explanation, Legolas just sat back. At last, he finally asked in a small voice, "What made you retreat from us, Strider? Why didn't you talk to us?" Aragorn sighed. "I am unused to being able to confide in anyone anymore. With the rangers, I am their chieftain and I can not appear weak by revealing my weaknesses. I was trying to work through everything on my own. Now I realize that I cannot do that. I should have come to you." Legolas did not respond for a long time. "Never do that again, Estel. You must never again hold yourself away from us." He turned his head and locked gazes with his best friend. "No one would believe that you did not try to kill yourself. We were all so afraid that we had lost contact with you and that you would not trust us anymore. We really thought, for a time, that you had tried to KILL yourself. Do you have any idea what that was like, Estel?" His blue eyes bore into Estel's silver and he made sure to keep the connection. "No matter what happens, you can always come to any of us. We want you to. Don't let us go through this wondering if you really needed us and we weren't there. It was torture." Aragorn nodded and ultimately revealed why he had been so upset. "He killed two of the ranger children. They had gotten permission from their parents to play near the campsite and no one was watching them. We don't know how or why, but he killed them. It was all I could do not to kill the man as soon as we caught him. Now I see that we should have killed him right away. He attacked Halbarad and tried to kill me." Legolas squeezed his arm around Aragorn's waist. "We can't always know what the future holds, mellon nín, but we can try to move past whatever happens the best we can. This is something we can only learn from, although I wish that we never had to learn it this way." The ranger gave a small snort and nodded. "You said it. I can't believe that he got me so easily! I am almost surprised that Elladan and Elrohir haven't said anything yet." Legolas could not laugh with him. "You really scared us, Estel." Aragorn nodded but didn't say anything. Sitting there beside his best friend, Legolas finally let himself relax since the whole situation had started. Everything had worked out, and Legolas was never as glad as he was at that moment that he had been right about his best friend. THE END Thanks for reading, and please make sure to review!!!!!