that when they found out what was threatening them it would not be too late. "Gondor has a lot to offer," the irritating elf who stubbornly refused to let him alone repeated once again. "If it is the price you do not agree with, then name your own! King Elessar is willing to negotiate. Your services in the past are highly valued and he remembers them. He will make sure you are rewarded as you deserve." Dolen clenched his fists. This was already getting on his nerves. He had spent more than an hour arguing with this stubborn being while his people were dying out there! Couldn't this elf understand that he couldn't care less about the coal and his agreements with Gondor right now? All he could think about was how to kill the dragon. "Don't you see that –" The elf started once again, but was rudely interrupted. "Yes, I see that, Lord Legolas!" Dolen almost shouted. "I see everything perfectly. What you fail to see is that this is pointless. I am not discussing this any further! I am not signing any agreements and this is it. It is about time that this mindless and arrogant king of yours realizes that I have much better things to worry about than the fact that Gondor is going to freeze this winter!" The elf did not move a muscle, but his blue eyes suddenly turned cold as steel. "I have to warn you," he said, and the icy voice sent shivers down the man's spine, "that it is highly unwise to speak this way of King Elessar in my presence." Arod can confirm that , he thought dryly. Dolen suppressed a shudder and looked the elf in the eyes. "So you defend him?" He muttered. "Even though he is wrong." "Yes, I defend him, and he is not wrong," Legolas hissed, and his voice was even colder than before, something Dolen had thought impossible. The man frowned slightly. He had seen in the elf's gaze something he did not like. Or rather, something he liked . A lot. "But you would defend him even if he was wrong?" He asked with obvious curiosity. The elf looked confused by Dolen's behavior, but his voice remained just as cold. "I cannot remember such a case and I doubt that it would ever happen. But I do not deny it – I would. I would do anything for King Elessar." Dolen resisted the urge to grin. Anything . This was exactly what he was looking for. At last, he had discovered the only way to kill the dragon. "Well, I must admit, Lord Legolas, that your precious king is offending me. Here I am, the Lord of Shapkar, ignoring all my other duties, and I am discussing my trade relationships with Gondor with a mere elf! Not with the King, mind you! Not even with the Steward!" Legolas did his best not to feel offended by that. "The King has more important work right now," he said as patiently as he could. "And you think that I don't?" Dolen sounded furious. "I am ignoring all my other work, and, believe me, it is important, to discuss this agreement, and he sends me a mere elf! No, we can never reach an agreement this way." Legolas raised his eyebrows in surprise as he started to guess where this was headed. "So you want the King to come here?" "Yes." Dolen looked pleased that the elf had understood. "I want to meet with the King. And his family." Legolas' eyes widened in shock. "What? His family?" It made no sense. No sense at all. "I want King Elessar to come to Shapkar with his Queen and his son as a proof of his good will. Only then can we have negotiations." Dolen's voice was firm and left no room for objections. The elf's eyes narrowed to mere slits. "I am afraid this is impossible," he said, his voice equally firm. "Then, I am afraid, Gondor's entire population will freeze this winter," Dolen replied. "Tell this to your king. Let him decide what really matters." While Legolas rode towards Minas Tirith, his heart was troubled. He would tell Aragorn what Dolen had said. No, there was no way he would lie to him, but he would strongly advise his friend not to do it. There was something in Dolen's eyes that had frightened him, and he hoped that Aragorn would see reason and try to find another way to find coal. But as far as he knew his friend, the man would do exactly what the Lord of Shapkar had asked. TBC Addition A/Ns: First, I just wanted to clarify that there were dragons during the Fourth Age, Tolkien had said it himself in a letter to one of his editors. Smaug was the last GREAT dragon, and dragons after him were smaller and didn't have so much contact with people, so they don't appear in most tales. You can find a brief discussion on dragons in the Estel Angst Central (link at my profile page). To those who haven't read "Friendship…" – the reference to Dargmor and his Corsairs is unfamiliar to you; let's just say that he was the 'main baddie' in Friendship… and had some unpleasant interactions with Eldarion, Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli, which nearly resulted in one or more deaths. I really think you don't need to have read it to understand this story. Future references will be one or two, and will be insignificant, I promise. Third, at the end of "Faces of Darkness" I said that you probably won't see this story until the end of June because I'm leaving mid-February and I'm not sure that I'll have constant internet access after that. However, I realized that I will be able to finish this story before then, it won't be too long, maybe 5-6 chapters. As always, reviews make me write faster and better :-) Thanks for reading! 9