and over the log. Then, using his arms, Aragorn quickly scrambled over the wood, landing on the softened ground beside it and giving a small exclamation of pain as his ribs and other injuries were jarred. Elladan, after settling Elrohir in, reached over and helped Estel climb into the hollow log, watching his younger brother's face closely as he tried to mask his growing pain. About to comment on it, Elladan was halted from everything else as the orcs were suddenly near them. Motioning for Aragorn to be silent, Elladan listened as the orcs conversed, trying to figure out where the three had gone. Looking his youngest brother in the eyes, the elf noticed once more the fever burning brightly within them. Sighing sadly, he looked back to Elrohir and nearly winced as he saw the pale, almost pain-filled face. His brothers needed help, but the elven warrior was unable to do anything for them. So, Elladan did the only thing he could think of. He prayed for his father to get there. -8- Riding out of Rivendell had been hard for Glorfindel because he had known that they could be leaving for a wild goose chase. It was pretty dark, even for just after sundown. But, this darkness also worried him. If Lord Elrond was so pressed to find his sons, then something bad must have befallen them. However, in this darkness, it would be nearly impossible to find them. Now, as they rode towards the eastern border of Imladris, Glorfindel couldn't help but wonder whether or not Elrond's determination would lead them to his sons. Or if his visions would lead into an empty future. Looking over to Elrond, the blonde elf could easily see the etched features drawn tight in worry and concern. He obviously knew more about what was going on than the Gondolin elf, but was revealing nothing. The elven lord knew exactly what his sons were going through but would not tell his best friend about any of it. His curiosity at last getting the better of him, Glorfindel turned to look at the son of Eärendil. But, before he could even voice his questions, Elrond stopped him. "I know, Glorfindel, but they are my sons and I am not letting remain in danger when I have the knowledge and power to rescue them. It is my fault they are there in the first place, and even if it weren't, I would still go after them. I know it's near to impossible to find them this late, but we have a better chance of finding them than any humans or any other elves. We know them, and all we have to do is find the orc camp. After that, we can track them." Glorfindel nearly stopped his horse as he heard Elrond's words. "They have managed to escape?" the Noldo elf nodded as he kept looking straight ahead. "And I know what condition they are in. Elrohir is unconscious, Elladan suffers from a cut across the chest and a twisted ankle, and Estel's injuries are more than what I want to list right now." The blonde elf nodded in acknowledgement of this, and was silent for only a moment. "Do we have enough time to find them?" Elrond only looked to him out of the corner of his eye. "I will just put it this way- we don't have time for any error." -8- It was nearly an hour later, and the orcs were looking in different directions from where the brothers were. By that time, Elrohir was still unconscious and Aragorn was nearly ready to join him. Elladan was silently urging Estel to stay with him, but the ranger's struggles were slowly weakening. "Estel, please! Ada will be here soon for us! Please, Estel, stay with me!" but, after a while, Aragorn lost consciousness, slumping against his older brother. Feeling his physical and emotional anguish, Elladan silently prayed to the Valar for help. ' Keep my brothers safe and let our father find us soon." -8- Finally, the orc camp. Knowing that the enemy would not be back for quite some time, Elrond dismounted and rushed around, finding the rope used to bind his sons. Going to the edge of the camp, Elrond studied the ground for any sign of which way the wounded three went. Finding signs of a human's footsteps, Elrond knew right away how hurt Estel was if he was leaving tracks. Human, maybe, but even Estel could mask his footsteps from practically everyone. Hurrying, Elrond listened and the trees finally revealed where his sons were. Racing to the log, the elven lord gasped, hearing Glorfindel come up behind him. Seeing the three sons of Elrond, the two elven lords knelt beside them. Elladan was barely conscious, but enough to recognize his father and friend. " Ada , I knew you would find us." He whispered and then slumped over beside his brothers. Elrond lunged forward to check their pulses, and was relieved to feel steady rhythms. Breathing in relief, knowing they would be able to get them home in time, Elrond looked back to Glorfindel with a smile. "We found them." -8- Two days later, Elrond walked out of Elrohir's room and saw Glorfindel standing beside the wall, obviously waiting for the lord. Smiling, he walked up to his friend and shared relieved glances. "Elrohir woke up and was complaining about the food already. Estel is purged of the poison and Elladan's ankle will heal in a couple days. After everything, they will come out alright." "Only by the grace of the Valar, I'm sure." Glorfindel said with a meaningful grin. Elrond shared it. "No, mellon nín , the blessings of the Valar has given me so much. This is everything I have ever wished for, and my sons and daughter are living proof of how much the Valar loves my family and me. They are my life's gifts, and I could never be thankful for more." The End