questioned. "You cannot suggest that someone put the snake in the grass and hoped that Eldarion, or perhaps I myself, would stumble through there? Or are you saying someone is breeding the snakes and populating the forest with them to cause trouble? That would be too much work with little reward. Even if someone did bring the snake here, it is hard to believe that they had ill intent or that the incident would repeat." "And what other intent can there be in bringing a poisonous snake!" Legolas argued. Aragorn looked at the guards, who were throwing them curious glances. "Come to my study tomorrow morning. We shall talk about this then," he promised. Soon the woods were left behind and the White City rose ahead. The gates at each level opened as the King and his party rode up. A small group was waiting to meet them. "Uncle Gimli, look!" Eldarion cried. "I did bring them back safely, as promised! But I had to pay for it with many battle wounds." He proudly showed his bandaged foot. Arwen's eyes widened at this and she turned an inquisitive glare at her husband. "Estel, I truly hope you have a good explanation for this." "It was not his fault this time, Arwen, I swear," Legolas protested, and the Queen's gaze turned at him. "Stay out of this, Legolas," she warned him, and the King smiled. "Yes, that would be wise, my friend. Forgive me, I need to spend time with my family now, but I shall see you tomorrow. Please take Frea and Algar to Nestabess and ask her to show them around. Legolas watched thoughtfully as the royal family disappeared inside. He hoped tomorrow would not be too late. -:- "I need to leave you alone for a few minutes, Berion. Will you be well?" Berion looked uncertainly at the older man. They were supposed to share guard duty at the first city wall, but these were peaceful times and a single guard was more than enough. Only, Berion had joined the guards a little more than a month ago and was still feeling uncertain. "Of course, all will be well," he replied proudly. "No need to hurry." His companion smiled and patted him on the back before he walked away. Berion took in a deep breath of the fresh night air; the knowledge that now the safety of the City depended to a certain extend on him was making him lightheaded. It was exhilarating… and very much frightening. He was concentrated on what was happening beyond the city walls, and not within them, which is why it took him a while to notice the presence of another. Berion whirled around as he heard the approaching steps. A hooded figure was walking purposefully towards the gate, and even though the young man was more concerned about intruders coming in, than people going out, a lone traveller at this hour was certainly suspicious. "Halt!" he cried. "State your name and your business!" The hood fell down revealing a fair face, framed by long, fiery curls. "My name is Frea. Forgive me, but I do not believe I know you. I am new to the City; I only moved here today. I work in the Houses of Healing now and was sent to gather herbs in the woods." The young guard gaped at her. "You and your brother are the ones who saved Prince Eldarion's life! My lady, Gondor is in your debt!" Frea smiled, "Thank you for the kind words, but they are undeserved. We did nothing more than anyone else would have done. But I have told you my name now, will you not tell me yours?" "I am Berion," he mumbled, trying not to blush. "Forgive me, but why would you gather herbs in this hour?" "Some herbs are best gathered under moonlight," the girl replied. "If you were a healer, you would know." "Of course. But I cannot let you wander the woods alone in the darkness. Allow me to accompany you once my companion returns." She laughed. "I have lived in these woods for many years; I will be safe." Berion was not convinced. "I am not sure the King will be happy with me if he hears I had left his son's saviour all alone outside the city gates in the middle of the night." "Who says the King needs to know?" Frea said sweetly and leaned forward, kissing the guard on the cheek. "Thank you, Berion." Frea walked on, without giving him another chance to protest. Once she had disappeared into the trees, she gave out a shrill whistle. A moment later, a man appeared. He was tall, with dark hair and eyes and a stubbled, weather-beaten face. "Frea, you are beaming like a lit torch," he said with a smirk. "Should I assume that the news is good?" "More than good." The girl grinned back. "The King bought the entire story. Algar and I are well respected and trusted now and are allowed to move freely around the palace. He is truly a fool when his son's safety is concerned." "The Days of the King are numbered then," the stranger said satisfied. "I admit I never doubted you, Frea, you are a sneaky little wench." He reached out and tried to put an arm around her waist. The young woman angrily pushed his hand away. "Mind your manners! I was called 'my lady' twice today, and once by the King himself. I would have you show me the same respect." The man laughed. "Come now Frea, we both know you are no lady!" "No, I am not," she conceded. "Not yet." The smile crept back to her face. "But I will be, as soon as the rightful ruler is placed upon the throne. Send word to Captain Gulbrand. Tell him that the first part of our plan is accomplished. We are ready to move on." TBC Next chapter coming soon! Reviews will be treasured!