little being, he would never be able to cope with the guilt. Bilbo walked towards the orc camp. All hobbits were able to move very quietly, but this one possessed the rare ability to be completely unseen. He slipped his hand into his pocket, quickly finding the small cold object. As he entered the camp, he put the One Ring on his index finger and disappeared from sight. The hobbit looked around. Orcs were lying next to one other, and he had to be very careful not to step on any of them. He immediately spotted the orc Aragorn had shown him and smiled. This arrogant young ranger would soon learn the value of hobbits. Bilbo crept silently beside the orc and carefully put his hand in the sleeping creature's pocket. The ring was there. He took it out and gaped in shock. He had seen this ring before. The two serpents were staring at him with their emerald eyes. One devouring, the other crowned with golden flowers. The hobbit remembered where he had seen that ring. In Rivendell, in a very, very old book. This was not possible! This would mean that the ranger was… He didn't even dare think about it. Bilbo shook his head in utter surprise. Suddenly everything started to make sense. If this was true, and this was indeed the ring he had seen in the book, then he could see why the Dùnadan kept his real name a secret. The secret was great indeed. He had to know if this was true. He had to go back to Rivendell and check. Aragorn was watching intently the orc camp. Bilbo was nowhere to be seen. What was the hobbit waiting for? Did he get scared? Did he give up? "Dùnadan," someone called behind him and he turned back. The hobbit was there, slightly pale but unharmed. So he had really given up. Aragorn sighed with relief. Maybe it was better that way. "I have your ring," the hobbit smiled and took the ring of Barahir out of his pocket. Aragorn stared in disbelief. "How did you do it? I was watching the camp the entire time and I didn't see you! You… you just weren't there! You weren't, I can swear!" Bilbo's smile broadened. "Well, obviously I was." The ranger took his ring and examined it carefully in his hand. "How did you do it? Please tell me." "I think Gandalf already answered your question. Didn't he tell you that there is more in a hobbit than meets the eye?" Bilbo winked at the ranger. "This is true not only of hobbits, Dùnadan." He added cryptically, still looking at the human. Aragorn had no idea what the hobbit meant by the last sentence, it was obvious that the little creature had spent too much time with Gandalf. Strider was already used to the way the wizard spoke in riddles and had given up trying to decipher them. When they returned to their friends, the ranger was quite surprised to see that Gandalf and Legolas had actually expected Bilbo to succeed. "I hope this changes your opinion of hobbits," the wizard told him, and the man just nodded. "Well, Bilbo and I are going back to the Shire," he continued. "You can join us. Then you can learn more about hobbits if you are interested." "Actually, Gandalf, I'm not retuning to the Shire yet," Bilbo said unexpectedly. "I need to go back to Rivendell." "But we just left Rivendell," the wizard pointed out. "I know. But I need to go back. Something happened. I need to check something. It's important." Aragorn and Legolas exchanged a confused glance, but Gandalf nodded in understanding. He seemed to guess something they didn't. "Very well then," the wizard said. "But I must warn you, Bilbo. Be careful with what you find out!" "I will, my old friend. I know what this means." "I know that you do, Bilbo," Gandalf smiled affectionately. "You always do." o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o "It cannot be!" Aragorn repeated, still staring at the sheet. "May I?" Gandalf held his hand with a smile. The ranger handed him the letter, his arm slightly shaking. The wizard's smile widened as his eyes went through the lines: All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, A light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be the blade that was broken, The crownless again shall be king. Bilbo Baggins "This is actually better than what I expected," the wizard laughed. "You should be flattered, Bilbo is really talented, but this is one of his best poems." "But how does he know?" Aragorn asked incredulously. A sudden suspicion came to his mind. "Gandalf, did you tell him something?" "Not a word," the wizard replied. "He discovered it all by himself. He had read the ancient books and knows the legends." "Do you think the secret is safe with him?" the ranger was worried. "Of course. I trust Bilbo like I trust myself. He knows very well what this means and how important it is to remain secret until the time has come." "I never expected him to guess," Aragorn muttered. "So few people know the history. How could he know something that even some Elves have forgotten?" "I think I answered this a long time ago. When you first met him." The ranger nodded as he remembered the wizard's words. "You were right Gandalf," he said. "There is more in Bilbo than meets the eye." Many years later four other hobbits would prove him that this was true about their entire race. THE END Yes, believe it or not, I wrote a story with no violence, torture, trolls etc. :-) It's quite different from my other stories, and I'm not sure I did well, so please review, tell me what you think :-) 7