To his surprise, the bird remained silent. It only stood there, looking at him. And in the darkness Legolas had the strange feeling that the gull's eyes were a familiar shade of grey. And when the bird rose into the air and flew towards the forest, he could do nothing but follow. The gull landed on a stone on the ground and tilted its head in curiosity, looking at the man before her. Aragorn seemed completely unaware of the bird's presence, or of the elf coming after it for that matter. Legolas stopped in his tracks and gazed at his friend's figure, dark under the pale moonlight. The man was sitting on the grass, leaning his back against a tall oak tree. His knees were drawn up to his chest. His head was bowed, and his right hand was fisted in the raven-colored locks. His left hand was clutching the grass next to him so fiercely that his knuckles had turned white. His entire body seemed tense. Aragorn was completely unaware of his surroundings, and jumped startled as a hand was lightly placed on his hair. In a second he was on his feet and his hand was at the hilt of his sword. Legolas felt the blood freeze in his veins and his eyes clouded with guilt. He had left his friend so overwhelmed with grief that Aragorn had been unaware of the world around him. Even though he had put no effort in approaching the man quietly, on the contrary, he had tried to alert his friend of his presence, Aragorn had never sensed his coming. What if it had not been the elf who had first approached the human? What if it had been a foe instead? What if the man had been attacked? He would have been unable to sense the danger on time! Terrible images rushed unbidden through his mind. He saw his friend caught by surprise in a terrible assault, unable to offer any resistance. He saw Gimli trying to climb down the tree on his own with no one to help, falling and breaking his neck. He saw Aragorn falling under the knife of a foe he had not sensed in his grief. And he saw himself arriving in Valinor, smiling and content, unaware of what had happened and not caring anymore. He shook his head in denial. No, this had not happened and never would! Yes, he had left his friends in turmoil when he had sailed, but he had returned. The elf quickly placed his hand over Aragorn's arm, not only to calm his friend, but also to find some reassurance that none of his terrible visions had come true. "It is me, mellon nîn ," he said softly. "It is me." Aragorn stared forward as if he was seeing a ghost. His expressive stormy eyes were wide and bright with shock and disbelief. Could he dare hope? Or was he seeing only what he wanted to see? "Le-Legolas?!" He whispered. Legolas smiled sadly and cupped the man's face in his hands, forcing their eyes to meet. He desperately wanted to assure his confused friend that he was real, he was here, and he was not going to leave. "Yes, Aragorn, it is me," he said. "I sailed, but I came back. And I will not leave you again." The man was still at a loss. "You came back?" He asked fearfully, afraid that the vision might disappear and his hope might shatter to pieces. The fair being nodded. "And you will not sail again?" Another nod. Aragorn stared at him for another long moment, but then his features broke into a smile, and he felt tears of joy and relief roll down his cheeks. He pulled his friend into a warm embrace. "Never do that again, elf!" His voice, shaken with emotion, was partially muffled by the golden hair. Finally he pulled back and gazed at Legolas. "Why?" He asked in wonder. "What made you come back? I know how much you ached to leave." The elf smiled. 'Don't you know, my friend?' He though. 'You called me back. I listened to your call.' He was about to speak his thoughts aloud, but then it happened. The gull that had led him to Aragorn and that had until know watched the exchange silently, opened its beak. The wailing sound pierced the air, this sound so beautiful and so terrible and powerful at the same time. Legolas felt his breath hitch at his throat, and he instinctively stared west. His eyes bore a faraway look, and Aragorn was horrified to see a mixture of pain, confusion, and longing on the fair face. "Legolas?" He whispered worriedly. At the soft sound of his name the elf looked up. This whisper was laden with so much fear and so much care. He looked at Aragorn, and the sea-blue eyes were clear and untroubled. Yes, this worriedly spoken single word held more power than the cries of all the gulls in Arda. "Worry not, my friend, I will not listen," he said. "I still hear the Call of the Sea, yes. But I came back because I heard another Call. It bid me to come back and I obeyed for it was much stronger than the call of the Sea." Aragorn frowned in sincere confusion. He had heard and read much about the Call of the Sea, and he knew what power it held over the fair folk. That something else was stronger was new to him. "Whose call did you hear?" He asked. "What could be stronger than the Sea?" The elf smiled. "Friendship, Aragorn. Its Call is stronger than you can imagine." The man nodded in sudden comprehension and a genuine smile graced his lips. For the first time he knew for certain that Legolas would not sail. The Sea held no power over him And indeed, against the strength of unbreakable bonds, even the Sea had to admit defeat. The End