that those people are alive to tell their tale. They would not have held long if it were not for you, and we would all of us certainly be dead if you had not thought of burning up the town." "I lost Flame." "Flame was a hero and he went down as one, but you saved a thirty six human lives, plus ours. What made you think of burning the town?" "Half a village." "Call it what you will. Those people will never forget you saved them from certain death. How? How did you know what to do?" How, indeed? Closing his eyes for a moment, Éomer bit on the inside of his cheek, like he always did when deep in thought. He reached for his seashell, put it to his ear, and smiled when he heard the waves to the other side. "You know... sometimes it's almost as if I see what needs to be done. All my life I have battled against this impulsive nature, and it's terribly befuddling to be so rational about these sort of life-and-death choices." "There was nothing rational about what you did," Éothain said in a clipped tone. "It was reckless and insane." "But it worked, in its own illogically... logical way." "Shut up," Éothain chided, jabbing him on the rib, which caused him to wince for the pain of it. "Oh, I'm sorry, brother! Hearing you speak like this made forget that you were hurt." "Did Flame really kicked me to safety?" He asked, sad but strangely awed. "All we know is that suddenly you were falling from the other side." "How can that be? How could he possibly have kicked me hard enough to send me to safety, but soft enough to not have broken my bones?" Éothain thought about it for a few minutes. Éomer had almost fallen asleep again when he heard, "You know, Flame has had upwards on twelve years to think about it. He was with your father when the orcs got him, and now Flame has been revenged." Éomer could not explain how that thought unsettled him, but it did. "I wish he would have left his revenge to others." "For all your issues with your father and his death," Éothain said, leaning backwards just a bit and looking up at him, slightly, one eyebrow arched, head tilted, "you must admit that your desire to give your father back his honor stole your sleep more often than not, and you felt satisfied, at least on that score, once it was done. You need to be mature enough to allow Flame the same, respectfully. And he has made his own choice. Allow him that, and let him rest." Easier said than done but he had to acknowledge that what his cousin said had merit. He did not wish to talk about it anymore. "How bad are things out there, really?" He asked instead, nodding toward the door. Éothain's lips pursed into a grim line. "Awful. I have no idea how we are going to help these people. I keep hearing it's not our problem, but that's the attitude that has brought us to this mess. I don't know who we can foist them upon if we don't take care of them ourselves. They're far enough away from anybody for any lord to claim them as their own, and there's too many of them for the King to be able to help them effectively, if he can be roused to do so." "I don't think that's fair," Éomer said, strangely wounded. "All we have heard about the King are rumors, but we have not been to Edoras for some time." "I'm inclined to believe Éowyn's assessment of things." "Éowyn is overzealous where Uncle is concerned." "I know her to be truthful, also." "Truthful, but impressionable under stress. You know she idolizes him, and any Wayne could fall short would wound her deeply. All I'm saying is that we should give him the benefit of the doubt until he can defend himself." "Defend himself?" Éothain asked, leaning forward, closer to him to better look him in the face. "Do you mean you are going to call him into question?" It was strange that he should feel his resolve harden at the absurdity of the thought. He had marked the changes in his uncle also, though had shrugged them off like everyone else, too timid to speak his mind, too conscious of his debt to him to truly want to see what was going on, but he could be blind no more. What he had seen, what he had allowed to happen to this village, would repeat itself a thousand times over throughout The Mark if something was not done, and done quickly. He had sworn oaths to his King, but he could never live with himself if he allowed this evil to further spread against the dictates of his conscience. As a loving son he could excuse the negligence, but not as a warrior of The Mark. "Do you think..." he began to ask, lingering on the words. "Do you think he would refuse to hear me?" Éothain did not answer right away, and when he did, it was with a vague, "We have not been to Edoras in so long." "Time to correct that," Éomer said, sitting up in a swift motion that left him dizzy and clutching his head to keep it from bursting. "Time to return to bed!" Éothain cried, rushing to his side, pressing his body back onto the bed. Éomer was not sure how he summoned the strength to fight him. "No. It is high time that someone did something, and I cannot expect it of others if I am not willing to do it myself." "Sure enough, but how?" How indeed? He felt like smiling, though he did not quite manage it through the pain. "I get to Edoras," he said. "And once there, I make the King listen to a good story."