afterwards, pondering their conversation. He did not know why, but he trusted this human enough to tell him about his brother. He missed Gildur desperately. They had always been close, and at the death of their mother, they have become even closer. He looked up to the stars and whispered, "I miss you, muindor nin *." ~~~~~~ The sun rose over the Misty Mountains, illuminating everything with a warm, golden light. Legolas kneeled down next to a sleeping Aragorn and softly shook him. "Aragorn…Aragorn…" The human moved slightly but did nothing else. "Estel…" Legolas said his name softly again. "Five more minutes, Ada," Aragorn moaned. Legolas rolled his eyes. He took a container and filled it up with some water he found earlier. A clear stream flowed just a ways away and Legolas had visited it early that morning. He shook Aragorn once again and said, "Aragorn! Wake up!" When the human still did nothing Legolas grabbed the water and threw it on him. Aragorn jerked up and let out a stream of curses. His eyes focused on Legolas right as the elf muttered something about it working well on dogs. "Excuse me?" he asked. "What?" "Did you just call me a dog?" "Nay! Of course not!" "Oh…" Aragorn got up silently and started to walk away. "Where are you going?" Legolas asked. But he did not get a reply. He followed Aragorn and found the man putting water in a container at the stream. Without warning, he turned around and threw it all over the elf. Legolas gasped. He had been caught off-guard. He gave Aragorn a dirty look, and saw that the man was laughing and pointing. Legolas pushed him into the stream. Aragorn stood, wiping himself off. He splashed some more water on Legolas playfully, then the two of them headed back to camp and started to ready their horses. They packed up and started to ride again. They kept riding, until they found a narrow trail leading into the mountains. There they slowed their horses, and rode one behind the other. "I can smell Orc filth," whispered Legolas, "They are not far. I can hear their voices, now, speaking in their accursed tongue. Can you hear them?" "Nay. I have not the keen hearing of the Elves." Legolas smiled, slightly amused. "They are not far," he repeated. "Even you should be able to hear them soon." He suddenly stopped and lay down upon the ground with his ear to the ground. After a few minutes he scrambled back up, notching an arrow. "Arda is groaning with disgust. Can you not hear it?" asked Legolas. "They are coming." Aragorn's eyes widened. "How many? Can you tell?" He pulled his sword out of his sheath and readied it. "I cannot tell, but there are many. Hide in the bushes over there. Perhaps we can ambush them. I will be in the tree above you." Before the human could say a word, the elf was already climbing the tree with a skill unrivaled by any he had ever seen. As he hid in the bushes, prepared to jump out at any moment, he looked upwards. He could not see or hear the elf at all. "Legolas?" he asked. "I'm right here, Aragorn," came a voice above him. Before he could reply he heard other voices. "Come on, you maggots, faster! We don't have time to go at the speed you're goin'!" a fetid voice came. Many shuffling sounds and other noises came also. Soon they were within sight. There were not many in sight, only about twenty strong. "Aragorn," said Legolas. "Go!" Aragorn leaped out of the bushes, his blade glinting in the sun. With a mighty cry he went fearlessly into battle. Arrows flew from the tree, and soon the twenty Orcs were slaughtered. Then, suddenly, more harsh voices were heard. "Aragorn, get out of there!" yelled Legolas. The Orcs were many, and would soon overrun him. "Aragorn!" Aragorn was dimly aware of the elf's voice. He saw his enemies, believed their number to be few, and Legolas saw much further, and could see that their number was far greater than the ranger perceived. There was little he could do; his arrows were almost spent. Aragorn charged forth. Legolas used the few arrows he had left, then turned to get down from the tree. But when he turned a rough hand was clapped over his mouth. "You have been discovered, elf," said the Orc. "Your comrade will not last long. What are you going to do? Your arrows are spent." Legolas whipped out his Elven blades and slew the Orc where he stood. More followed into the tree. Legolas jumped up higher and looked for a way to get to the ground. As he got even higher he took a chance and jumped to a different tree. From there he jumped down and ran towards the battle; to where Aragorn was. Suddenly, he stopped and watched in horror as an Orc was about to behead the human. "Estel!" he cried, but Aragorn did not hear. Thinking quickly he grabbed one of his arrows from a dead Orc and strung his bow. The arrow went whistling through the air right as the Orc knocked Aragorn out. A millisecond later the Orc fell to the ground with an arrow between his eyes. He began to viciously kill any Orc in his way, but soon a squalid voice spoke to him. "Put down your weapons, elf scum, or we will kill the man!" When Legolas hesitated he snapped, "Now!" Legolas slowly dropped his weapons and his world went black. ~~~~~~ Elvish translations: Hannen le : Thank you Elenath : Starry host/All the stars of heaven Idh mae : Rest well Muindor nin : My brother We love you! Please give us nice reviews! We'll try to update soon, but it takes forever for us to type the chapters up and we have tons of homework. ;) ~Steel Sword and Silver Bow