with your leg." He stepped on his injured leg and pressed down. Aragorn gasped through the gag and suppressed a scream. "Do you know what I think?" Narin asked and didn't wait for an answer. "I think this story about your rich family is nonsense. A piece of filth like you cannot have a rich family. We should have killed you from the very beginning." He knelt and pressed his dagger at the helpless prisoner's throat. "If I kill you now and throw your body into the river, no one will ever miss you. No one." His blade moved forward, and scarlet droplets of blood flowed down the ranger's throat. Aragorn winced and closed his eyes. It seemed his family had been right. He was not ready to be a ranger after all if he could not escape this capture. Whatever the most important skill was, he clearly did not possess it. Suddenly Narin stopped and put his knife away. "I give you a last chance, boy. I will come for you tomorrow, and if you are still unwilling to talk, I will feed the fish with your body," he said and walked away. Aragorn looked after him, slightly trembling from the cold. He could think of no plan to come out of this alive. A dark shadow slowly crept towards him, and the ranger's keen vision spotted it easily. A swift hand removed his gag, and a blade cut his ropes. Sirak's face appeared before him. "Be quiet," the boy said. "This is yours." He handed back to him Elladan's knife. "Will you take me away now?" "I cannot walk," the ranger whispered. "My leg is broken." The boy helped him rise and supported him. The two limped slowly forward. "You know what you are doing, don't you?" Aragorn asked. "You know you are putting yourself in danger." The boy nodded. "Of course I do. I know the risks I am taking, but I have no doubts. You gave me something I have never had before." "What is it?" The ranger asked in confusion. "What did I give you?" Sirak looked at him, and for the first time in his life a genuine smile graced his lips. "Hope." oOo Lord Elrond listened carefully to the tale his foster son was telling. When Aragorn finished, the ranger sighed tiredly and relaxed on the bed in the healing wing of Imladris. Elladan was staring at his twin in surprise. "I cannot believe that you told him tracking was the most essential skill! It is much more important to know how to defend himself!" "Exactly!" Legolas said. "And he would defend himself much better if he could kill his foes before they have come anywhere near him. That is why archery is much more important than fighting with a knife!" "Archery didn't help him against the bandits!" Elladan protested. "Neither did his knife," Elrohir helpfully pointed out. The three younger elves continued arguing and Elrond and Gilraen exchanged a meaningful glance. "Neither of the skills we taught him helped as much as something else," Aragorn's mother said. "We all tried to teach him the skills that were most important to us," Elrond continued. "But Estel found his own skill. His skill helped him escape, and he proved that he is ready to be a ranger." Four sets of confused eyes stared at him, and he went on. "His greatest skill is to be estel . To give hope. He gave the young bandit the hope that there was a better life, and this is the reason he is free now." The three younger elves' gazes turned down guiltily. "This was well done, little brother," Elladan said, his voice filled with pride and regret. "I am sorry if the numerous lessons confused you, and I am glad that you managed to find your real strength in spite of that." "There is no need to apologize, gwador ," Aragorn said. "I –" " You need to rest," Elrond suddenly interrupted him. "You have many injuries, but, fortunately, I have exactly what you need." The ranger suddenly paled. " Ada , surely you don't mean to –" Elrohir gasped as understanding hit him. " Ada , you are not going to give him Your Special Tea, are you?" His voice sounded horrified. Legolas looked at him almost pleadingly. "Please, Lord Elrond, he is not that injured. There is no need for this. This… this is cruelty!" Elrond shook his head in amusement. Elflings… The tea could not be that bad. Or could it? He poured a cup and handed it to his foster son. "Drink it and do not complain! It is good for you." While Elrond was preparing the drink, Elladan pulled his twin and his friend aside. "We must track those bandits," he said. "They need to be taught a lesson." "Certainly," Legolas answered angrily and his fingers traced the hilt of his knife. "I have a few things to say to Narin." The three younger elves turned back towards the bed. Aragorn took the cup and stared miserably at it. He looked up and found Elladan's sympathetic gaze. "It was a pleasure knowing you, little brother," the older twin said dramatically. "Elladan! How can you jest with his pain?" Legolas asked. "But I am not jesting, mellon nîn , I am completely serious." The three elves laughed at that, making the poor ranger feel even more miserable. He lifted the cup to his lips and drank. It did taste like warg urine. My skill is useless for right now I can find no hope for myself. He thought as the terribly tasting liquid flowed down his throat. THE END That's it. What do you think? I wasn't really proud with it when I first wrote it, but now I decided to give it a chance. Thanks so much for reading! To everyone reading "Faces of Darkness": The next chapter is called "Joy and Sorrow" and is coming in a few days. 11