by saying that differences made them stronger. However, he decided that it would be safest to check what his son had learned. "So, Eldarion, what is the moral of the story?" He asked. "The moral of the story," the young prince started and grinned mischievously, "is that my father is a hero!" He laughed and ran out of the room, leaving a stunned Aragorn staring after him. "Do not worry, Estel." A slender hand brushed through the King's dark locks. "He understands. But tell me something, meleth nîn . Why did you leave out the last part of the story?" "It wasn't needed for the lesson," Aragorn answered. Nevertheless, his face brightened as he remembered the end of the tale. -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- After the bandits were captured and sent to their new residence, the dungeons of Mirkwood, the tournament continued as if nothing had happened. Of course, after a careful examination of Estel's wounds, Lord Elrond was horrified and didn't let him participate in any further events, much to the boy's displeasure. However, when it was over, Sadron and Meldiron came to their injured friend and told him everything they had done. Everyone went silent when King Thranduil walked to the middle of the glade. "The Valour Contest this year was glorious as always," he said. "Our children showed remarkable skills and we must all be proud of them. And now I wish to honor those who placed high above the others. These are young elves whose skills deserve great respect, and who will one day grow to be brave warriors and fierce defenders of their realms." Everyone was listening intently. They didn't know the scores yet, and hoped that children from their realm would be awarded a place. "The first place," Thranduil said and made a deliberate pause, "is awarded to Nostalion of Lothlórien!" Estel breathed a sigh of disappointment. He had hoped that one of his best friends, Sadron and Meldiron, would win. But still they could win a second or a third place, and he believed in them. A golden-haired child walked to Thranduil and bowed. The King smiled benevolently at the Valour Contest winner and handed him a pillow, decorated with blue and white flowers. On it laid an intricately ornamented elven knife and everyone gasped at the beauty of it. "May you defend your realm with this, young one. Your parents will keep this knife and give it to you when you are the right age." All elves stared at the King in expectation once again. It was time to announce the second place. "The boy with the next highest score is a brave young elf who will one day become a great warrior," Thranduil said. Sadron, Sadron, Sadron , Estel repeated silently. His friends had told him that Sadron had done better than Meldiron, and he sincerely hoped that his friend would win the second place. "The second place is awarded to Alagos of Lasgalen!" Estel sighed once again. But there was also hope in his heart. Children from Lothlórien and Mirkwood had placed already; it was time for a child from Imladris. His realm had to be honored together with the rest. His family deserved this honor. All of his hopes died, however, as King Thranduil said his next words. "The third place is awarded to the valorous Suiauthon of Lothlórien!" The crowd cheered loudly, and the happiest cheers came from the Lothlórien elves. Two of their children had been honored and they were proud of that. Estel bent his head and gazed at the ground sadly. Imladris was the only realm that hadn't been honored. Not only was it not honored, it was put to shame by his own lack of skills. He was so lost in his dark thoughts, that he almost missed Thranduil's next words. "This year I decided to give a special award to someone, who showed real courage outside the challenges." All elves went silent once again at those words and froze in expectation. Estel raised his head, not sure what to think. Maybe a prize would be awarded to Imladris after all? Maybe Sadron's score had been so close to the third one that they had decided to honor him as well? But he was unprepared for what he heard. "Estel of Imladris!" Thranduil announced and for a fleeting moment his eyes locked with the boy's. "Because sometimes we see real valor from the ones we least expect to have it." The crowd erupted in loud cheers, but Estel didn't hear them. He only saw Elrond's face, happy and proud. And this was enough for him. -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- A little boy was sitting on the stairs, absently playing with a wooden toy-horse. His gaze fell on Lador and Vorion, who were preparing to go swimming, and he sighed sadly. "Hey, Berehil!" The child turned and froze in surprise and as he saw Eldarion rushing towards him. "Do you want to go riding?" The prince asked. The boy laughed and the two children rushed towards the stables. They were unaware of the two sets of gray eyes watching them from the window. "I told you that he understands," Arwen said with a smile. "Your son is clever, Estel. Like his father." "And his mother," Aragorn answered and returned the smile. "But I still don't understand. If he knew what I wanted to tell him, then why did he say it?" "But what he said was the truth, meleth nîn ," Arwen said, sounding amused. "He said that his father was a hero. And is it not so?" She grinned at her husband's perplexed and slightly shocked face. "I know what my father told you ninety years ago. And now I tell you the same." She bent forward and kissed him lovingly. "I will always be proud of you." He returned the kiss and gazed affectionately at the two retreating children. His mother had been right. In spite of all the pain, something good had indeed come of it. THE END