satisfied. "Not let us try to return before our children and get ourselves out of those wet clothes." As the two walked back, Thranduil was struck by a surprising thought. Both Glóin and he had suffered that day because of their pride and stubbornness. Perhaps Elves and Dwarves were not so different after all. oOo When Thranduil and Glóin had finally reached the halls, they were relieved to see that their sons had not yet returned from the hunting. The two changed in dry clothes and looked at each other critically. With a bit of luck the young ones would never learn about their misadventures. The healers cleaned all of the king's numerous cuts and redressed his arm wound, and now all of his injuries were hidden beneath his clothes and the bump on his head was hidden beneath his hair. The deception would work. Glóin and Thranduil sat in front of the fire to let their hair dry. Finally, Thranduil brushed his golden hair and started redoing his braids. The dwarf followed his example and started braiding his beard. As he did so, he was struck by a sudden thought. Elven warriors braided their long hair, and Dwarven warriors braided their long beards. For both it was a matter of honor and pride. Perhaps Elves and Dwarves were not so different after all. oOo Legolas and Gimli returned late after sunset. The elf was carrying two large rabbits, and the dwarf was walking next to him, talking animatedly. They could soon see that the King was waiting for them at the door. "Welcome back, my son." He walked forward and took the rabbits from his son's hands. "Master Dwarf." He nodded at Gimli. "You have come home just in time for dinner. "Good! I am starving!" The dwarf cried and let the elf lead them to the table. Glóin was already seated and was waiting for the two young ones, eyeing the food impatiently. The company ate in silence until Glóin cleared his throat. "This forest looks much better than the last time I visited it," he said, and Legolas wondered where the comment was leading. It could be nowhere good. It was just too civil to be true. "I am glad you think so," Thranduil replied. "The woods changed much after the Shadow was defeated." "You wood-elves must be very glad that darkness was defeated," Glóin said in between bites. "Isn't everyone?" The Elvenking asked cautiously. "Yes, but it was especially good for you. I do not see how you were able to withstand so long. You seem to me quite incapable of dealing with your enemies. All prisoners you have held here that I know of have escaped." He chuckled at the elf's raised eyebrows and at his son's and Legolas' horrified expressions. "It is true! Gollum escaped, my companions and I escaped…" "Enough!" Thranduil said firmly. "You and your companions escaped because you were aided and not because of a flaw in my dungeons!" "Not a flaw in the dungeons," Glóin replied with a grin. "But a flaw in your guards. And someone's love for good wine, naturally." Thranduil was looking murderous, but the dwarf continued undisturbed. "And the fact that we were aided speaks in our favor. It proves that dwarves are able to make good friends. One's strength is not determined just by muscles, battle skills, and brain, but also by a good heart and ability to make loyal friends and trusted allies. The fact that this remarkable hobbit helped us only shows that we have noble hearts and this is why he joined our side." "Noble hearts?" The Elvenking shouted in disbelief. "As far as I can recall, Mithrandir described your friend as 'a professional thief'." Glóin jumped from his chair, glaring at the elf. "Bilbo Baggins is much more than a thief!" He cried. "I am honored to call him my friend." "It is true," Thranduil admitted. "I know this hobbit's worth, and you should indeed be honored to call him your friend. Why he decided to mingle with the likes of you is beyond me. But I wouldn't say that he was on your side. As far as I remember, he betrayed you." "He didn't!" Glóin argued passionately "He didn't betray us when he went to you. He was only trying to protect us from your greed." "Or from your own greed," the king suggested. Legolas did not like where this was going and stood up, prepared to intervene. Then suddenly he caught sight of something that made the breath hitch at his throat. It was a glimmer in Glóin's eyes. The same glimmer he had often seen in Gimli's eyes when he was bantering with his friend. And then he looked up to see the same glimmer reflected in his father's eyes as well. Legolas gazed at Gimli, as if looking for confirmation. Do you see the same that I am seeing, Elvellon? His stunned expression seemed to ask. Yes , Gimli's eyes seemed to answer. I see a friendly argument. Glóin and Thranduil continued shouting ay each other, but their sons could clearly see that it was devoid of the malice that had been present before. And they could only stare in wonder. "Perhaps this was not such a bad idea after all," Gimli said softly. "No," Legolas answered. "Perhaps not." Lost in their surprise, the two friends lost track of their father's conversation until Glóin's next words made them both jump in their seats. "I will leave soon," the older dwarf was saying, "but you are welcome to journey with me and visit Erebor." Gimli and Legolas exchanged a shocked glance and froze in expectation. "I would be very interested in seeing The Lonely Mountain," Thranduil replied. Gimli blinked. He winced as he imagined the proud and somewhat stubborn Elvenking surrounded by his kin. This could not end well. Legolas had paled. "Or maybe I was wrong," he said with a guilty smile. "Perhaps it was." The End