must have been gone for hours. He sat up and sighed, reluctant to leave the splendor of nature. But he remembered Elena's painting and forced himself to get up. The walk back was less enjoyable. The morning chill had gone and been replaced by sweltering afternoon heat. He perked up as he spotted Elena, curious to see the painting. "How is the artist doing? Completed another masterpiece yet?" She did not look up, but smiled at her painting. "Not too shabby if I do say so myself." Her hands were covered in paint and smear marks on her face foretold of her laborious pains, but she looked happy and flushed as he approached for a look. "This…this is wonderful," he murmured, captivated by her work. "Don't sound so surprised," she laughed, wiping her hands on her dress. "I never knew you were so talented." "I've had many years of grueling practice," she replied. "Besides, its not so hard." "I could never paint." "I can teach you how." "Oh, no." "Oh yes." "No." "Yes." " No ." "Are you afraid?" "NO." "Then…" she pulled out a new canvas and set it on the easel. "Paint." He looked at the canvas blankly. "What do I paint?" "Whatever you feel like." He thought for a moment, then— "Ugh! What are you doing?" Eomer had dipped his entire right hand in green paint. He grinned. "Painting what I feel like." He slapped his hand on the canvas. Elena for a moment was still dumb with shock, but then burst out in hysterical laughter. When she had regained most of her composure, he had already painted a crude looking tree and what Elena thought looked like a cow. "This is actually really fun," he cried. "Try it!" Elena, still laughing, dipped her index finger in some yellow paint and drew the sun on Eomer's canvas. "This is fun," she chuckled, moderately surprised. "I think I'll try a flower next." The pair spent the rest of the afternoon trying to see what else they could paint with their fingers. "See?" Elena said as she drew a stable with horses in it. "You can paint—even if it is a bit primitive and crude. " The next thing she knew was the sticky feeling of paint on her face. She looked at Eomer in utter shock and surprise. He had a huge grin on his face that turned into loud roars of laughter as he saw the comical expression plastered on Elena's stunned face. He laughed so hard his stomach hurt, and he staggered to the ground. As he sat there chortling hysterically, Elena stealthily dipped both her hands into the blue paint. Eomer's eyes popped open as he felt the sticky sting of a slap on both his cheeks. Elena came into view, eyes shining with revenge and laughter. Her hands were covered in blue paint and her face in green. She backed away from him, fearing retaliation. "Oh, you better run away," he murmured in a deadly calm voice, eyes twinkling with mischief. He jumped up from the ground, smeared his hand in more paint, and started toward Elena. "Stop!" she cried, brandishing a paint-soaked brush. They froze. "Now what?" he asked, still frozen. She didn't answer. He eyed her warily and decided to risk it. He pounced at her and a full out paint war began. By the time Kort, Eowyn, and Theodred found them, they were unrecognizable as people. "What on middle-earth are you two doing?" cried Theodred. They looked guiltily at the others. "Painting?" Eowyn burst out laughing. Kort smiled reluctantly, and Theodred just shook his head. "You look ridiculous!" Eowyn commented after she caught her breath. "Really?" Eomer replied, stepping closer to his sister. "That is so kind of you to say." And before she could move away, he had wrapped her in a tight hug. "Aaauuugh!" she shrieked, trying desperately to wriggle out of his grasp. "It's best not to struggle," Elena commented wisely. She jumped on Kort's back and gave him a big sticky kiss on the cheek. "I knew that was coming," sighed Kort resignedly. "Haha! I have no siblings to jump on me," stated Theodred triumphantly. The other four glanced at each other and then simultaneously dog-piled Theodred. After they had disentangled themselves, the five of them lay on the grass covered in paint and feeling very relaxed. "How did this insanity begin anyway?" asked Theodred. Elena and Eomer tilted their heads to look at each other. "Don't ask." Theodred shrugged. "Fair enough." "We need to get cleaned up," reasoned Eowyn. "Eomer and I were about to go clean up in the river before you all interrupted us and made an even bigger mess," Elena offered, staring at the pink-stained grass beneath her. "Perfect," complimented Kort. "Let's go in." He walked toward the water and the others followed him. The water was cool, and the gentle current quickly washed away the sticky paint. "We better get back inside and get ready for the feast," said Elena, washing the last flakes of paint from her cheeks. "Oh yes," replied Eowyn distractedly. "The feast." "It seems like just yesterday we arrived," Eomer said quietly. "Yes, you're right," commented Kort. "Time seems to have flown right by these past few months." "I wish you could have stayed longer," signed Elena, pressing Eowyn's hand warmly. "We were all just getting to know each other." "Father can't possible be away from Rohan for much longer," stated Theodred regretfully. "Why don't you both come visit us? I'm sure my father would be happy to have you at Meduseld." Elena looked at Kort. He shrugged, but looked pleased at the prospect. "I'm sure father would not object," murmured Elena thoughtfully. "If it isn't too much trouble for you—" started Kort. "Oh, no trouble at all!" cried Theodred. "—and if our father consents, I don't see why not," he finished. Elena beamed. The five friends when to the banquet feeling much more optimistic of the future.