know nothing of my plan. Besides, there is nothing you could have done to help. The best way you could have helped me help Aragorn was to get better yourself, which you did." "Hmm, you are right," the elf conceded. "How noble of you, Gimli… Aragorn, do you know what I am thinking?" He asked with a wink. "I believe I do," the man replied. "What?" Gimli asked, feeling strangely worried. "I find all this rather unfair," Legolas continued in a deceptively gentle voice. "Unfair?" The dwarf asked perplexed. "What is unfair?" "You see, you helped me overcome the pain the sea-longing is causing me. You helped Aragorn escape his royal duties. And yet, no one has helped you heal." "Heal?" Gimli was completely confused. "Heal from what?" "Oh, but you surely need healing Gimli," Aragorn said. "Healing from your desire to make cunning plans and to manipulate your poor unsuspecting friends." "No, no, I only wanted to help!" Gimli cried and took a few steps back, as the man and the elf approached him with slow and deliberate steps. "Do not be shy, Gimli, let us help you," Legolas said sweetly. "You helped us heal. Now let us heal you. As you put it so well, sometimes healers need healing too." "No! No! Noooo!" Gimli cried in horror as two pairs of arms grabbed him and threw him towards the lake. "You fools!" The dwarf shouted, splashing about and trying to stay on the surface. "I cannot swim!" Aragorn and Legolas exchanged a worried glance. "He cannot swim!" Instantly both of them jumped into the water, swimming towards the dwarf with fast, powerful strokes. By the time they reached Gimli, however, the dwarf had disappeared underwater. Legolas looked around in near panic and was about to dive and look for the dwarf, when suddenly Aragorn gave out a startled cry and disappeared under the surface as if he had been pulled down. The elf stared in horror. Was there some underwater creature that had captured his friends? He had left his knives on the shore and there was no time to go back! Before he could make up his mind on what to do, something grabbed his own leg and pulled him down. Legolas turned around under water and glared at the dwarf, who was grinning happily at him. After a brief fight he and Aragorn were free from the dwarf's strong grasp and the three friends swam towards the shore. For a long while they lay on the grass, soaking wet, trying to regain their breath. "You said you could not swim!" Legolas murmured accusingly. "I lied," Gimli admitted. "Oh, you should have seen your face under the water!" The elf tried to glare at his friend but failed miserably as he dissolved into laughter. "Thank you Gimli," he finally said and smiled affectionately. "Thank you so much for all you did for me. I have not felt this good for a while." He then turned to Aragorn. "Thank you both," he added softly. "I must thank you too, Gimli," Aragorn said. "You helped me a lot. This trip did me a great good and I was a fool not to realize myself how much I needed this." He looked at the elf, and noticed that he was frowning at him. "What is it Legolas?" "What do you think it is?" The elf replied in mock-offence. "I thanked both of you, and now you are thanking only him!" "And why would I thank you?" The man asked with a mischievous smile. "I lost a cooking contest to you and suffered great humiliation, and then I was nearly killed by a falling dwarf because you decided to challenge Gimli on tree-climbing! You better have a good reason, elf!" "Oh, but I do!" Legolas said. "I helped you recover what you have lost. Remember, this thing so valuable to you that you wanted to get back?" Aragorn laughed. "You are right. Thank you for being happy again, Legolas." They shared a smile. Gimli cleared his throat. "And I must thank you both for throwing me into the lake. It was most entertaining!" He grinned innocently at his friends' glares. "Be careful, dwarf, or we might throw you again," Legolas warned. "And now we know that you can swim." Gimli decided that his best strategy would be to change the topic. "I do not want to go back yet," he said. "We are having a good time together, and I am sure that my kin in the Glittering Caves will manage well without me for a while." "I also think I could delay my return to Ithilien," Legolas agreed. "It will be good to spend some more time together, just the three of us." "Aragorn?" Two sets of round and hopeful eyes were turned towards the King. The man looked downwards. "You know, I would have loved to stay longer, but now our task is accomplished, and I have duties in Minas Tirith, and-" "Aragorn!" He sighed in defeat. "As you wish, I am staying with you…" The happy cries of his friends were contagious and Aragorn soon laughed with them. The tree rose up and walked towards the lake, letting their tired bodies relax in the water's gentle embrace. "I saw that you can swim, Gimli," Legolas said. "But can you swim faster than me?" "You bet I can, elf!" The dwarf cried, and Aragorn jumped back to evade the wild splashing that followed. He could not help a smile. It was good to see that some things never changed. The End Thank you so much for reading! Comments are very welcome as usual. To everyone reading "The Only Way to Kill the Dragon": Unfortunately, I won't be able to write anything during the next two weeks, so don't expect chapter 13 too soon. However, I'm quite inspired by the next chapter, and can't wait to get the chance to sit down and write. It is called "You Cannot Pass!"