can we make an alliance." Lindon's court was just baffled with everything as Gil-Galad was. The High King groaned as he ascended the dais to his throne. "Who is here to speak?" he asked. "My Lord King may I present, Calassion of Eriador." Elrond formally announced. The High King beckoned his head and the silver-haired elf stepped forwards and bowed. "Pray speak," the High King said. "What is it that requires you to travel all this way from Eriador?" The elf took a deep breath. "My King, the King's Men of Númenor have settled in Umbar." At this Gil-Galad sat straighter. "They have control of the local population, and have enslaved them or else placed them under submission. It is to our knowledge that they are building up in strength." Gil-Galad's fists clenched his throne tighter. "Strength, you say," he asked in a dangerously quiet voice. "Please, be more specific." Calassion took a deep breath. "Ships, my Lord King. They are building more ships of great speed and manoeuvrability, yet strong enough to take on full assaults. They are also stocking up in arms and forcing more and more of the inhabitants to farm to feed them, increasing their supplies." Everyone was silent. "So you believe they mean war?" the king asked in a deadly-quiet voice. "How do you know of this?" "I have seen them." And the elf looked up straight into Gil-Galad's sapphire eyes. "I… took a foolhardy trip to the coasts and I saw…" he winced. Elrond came to his rescue. "My King I can safely vouch for this person's word on the matter-" "How intriguing." A voice drawled. Gil-Galad supressed a groan and turned to the direction of one of his (least favourite) counsellors. Artaner sneered. "My Lord Artraner," Gil-Galad barely managed to control his annoyance. "Have you something to say? If so, please say it." "How can we know for certain that this ellon is not mistaken? How can we be sure- I mean the King's Men can hardly be called pleasant, but to accuse them of preparing for war- that is almost a declaration itself, of one, on our part, which, could be a reasonable excuse for war." Shut up, Gil-Galad was tempted to say. "So what is it that you are suggesting?" the king said barely managing to keep his temper under control. "I suggest nothing," Artaner said smoothly, to which Gil-Galad had to bite back a retort. "I only ask, how can he know for certain. " In answer the ellon pulled out something. Gil-Galad leaned forwards and saw a scrap of bloody cloth with an emblem… It hit him even before he even saw the design. It was the banner of war for the King's Men. And it was stained already in blood. "A bold declaration indeed," Elrond said firmly. "This was displayed on their ships," the man said. "They were making more, and the captains were ordering them to be put up… the maiden asked me to give you this." Gil-Galad frowned. "What maiden?" Calassion took a deep breath. "A shieldmaiden- an impossibly beautiful one- with copper hair." At once there was an outburst of noise. Everyone started talking excitedly on this new development. Gil-Galad stood frozen for a few seconds before shouting for silence. "Are you perhaps referring to," Gil-Galad said slowly. "The shieldmaiden who rescued, well, everyone?" Calassion looked him in the eye and nodded. "Yes, my King." "Unbelievable!" Artaner exclaimed. "This shieldmaiden again! My King, how can we be certain, this maiden-" But he didn't get to finish his sentence. Gil-Galad cut him off. "We can never be certain of anything, Artaner," he said. "But we can at least look at the facts. Has this elleth ever, done anything to merit our slightest disapproval?" "No, but-" "Has this shieldmaiden enslaved, robbed or treated anyone harshly save our enemies?" "No, but-" "Has this maiden been stupid, reckless, or remotely unsuccessful in her attempts to save others- of which, I doubt, anyone can fully count?" "My King!" Artaner protested. "I do not say she is inefficient, nor do I say that she is cruel, we just do not know who she is, where her allegiance lies and surely we cannot trust anyone straight away without even knowing them? After all this could be a plot to gain our trust and affection but in reality, to betray us when we least expect it-" Gil-Galad raised an eyebrow. "Are you so afraid of betrayal then? You forget those ruling in Númenor were once our utmost friends and allies. If you want to see a threat, turn to their direction. We have every reason to feel threatened by them." He pointed to the banner. "My King this could be a forgery!" Artaner protested. "Or maybe someone does not wish to see that there is war in the horizon," Elrond said. "And although I can understand that. I am also a healer and I have examined the blood on the banner, and we have examined the banner itself- myself and a few others. It is of the King's Men, and the blood is that of an elf's." There was a sharp breath drawn and everyone looked at each other in dismay. "Murder!" someone hissed. "War!" shouted another. "This is a declaration of war!" "It most certainly is," Gil-Galad said in a smooth tone which was even more dangerous than before. "They are most certainly planning war, are they stupid enough, however to declare it? Did they leave out this banner on purpose? Do they know that we are seeing this, at this very moment- a banner of war stained with the blood of one of ours?" Calassion took a deep breath. "I believe so, my King." "Then," the High King said. "It is war." Unlike before, there was no murmuring, no whispering, no shouting. There was only a shocked, stilled silence as Ereinion Gil-Galad, High King of the Eldar upon Middle-Earth stood up, descended from his throne and strode out of the room.