behind his back. "It'll be a bloodbath! It'll be a late night horror-fest spectacular!" As Messrs Gray, Grey and Grey (respectively) held Belthagorus down on the warm rock, Andy Circus leapt towards him. "Andy!" Belthagorus yelped in fear. "Don't do this! You're a good actor in your own right! You don't need to be Jack Peterson's CGI lackey! You can make it big on your own!" "Nice master gives us film roles. Nasty hobbit can't make films, oh no Precious !" Circus spat, and continued advancing towards Belchy's outstretched hand. "You don't need him!" Belthagorus cried in a panicked voice. "You can make films with other people!" "Master's my friend!" Andy said, and then a terrible, sneering look crossed his face. " You don't have any friends! Nobody likes you! " Andy looked shocked, and put his hands over his ears. "Not listening! I'm not listening!" Jack Peterson looked at his watch. "Oh, not again!" he muttered. "This is the sixth time today!" " You're a liar and a thief… murderARRRRGH! " he screamed as the Dark Lord picked him up by the scruff of the neck and threw him down into the fiery volcano. Peterson sighed. "He was a good actor, but just not worth the hassle," he explained. "And now," he said, picking Belthagorus up likewise, "you will join him!" He took a step towards the brink when a convenient Deus ex Machina turned up in the form of Gary to save the day. He wore dazzling, bright white robes, and held the lollypop stop sign menacingly. "I SAID, YOU SHALL NOT PASS!" he roared at the Nine, who ran to meet him in battle only to get knocked off the narrow ridge by his lollypop sign. "Is that a… lollypop man?" Peterson asked, still clutching Belchy. "No," Belthagorus replied. "That's Gary the White. And it's a staff." And they too proceeded to fight and struggle. In the next few minutes, confusion and mindless violence reigned. Seven Messrs Grays and Greys were knocked into the heart of the volcano; Mr Rainbow ran away to join a hippy commune in Lothlorien; and soon it was just Gary the White versus Head Gray, and Belthagorus still fighting the Dark Lord. Gray had what looked like a court order that he was attempting to shove down Gary's throat. Peterson had all his weight on Belchy and was strangling him. Belchy couldn't breath. He couldn't move. He was dying, and he was helpless. A sudden glint caught his attention: an Oscar statuette on the Peterson's belt, glowing red in the lava light. He inched his hand towards the belt. "Kindly move your hand away from my shiny little man!" Peterson said, looking shocked. In one swift movement, Belchy pulled the statuette out from the belt, and swung it full force at Peterson's head. The Dark Lord was knocked away from Belthagorus, and tottered at the edge. Suddenly, Andy Circus' head popped up behind him, from the convenient ledge that Andy had fallen on to. "We'll show nasty master for trying to hurt poor Andy, won't we Precious?" he cawed, as he grabbed Jack Peterson, champion of Middle Earth, and hurled him down into the depths of the fiery volcano. Suddenly, everything trembled. Gray slipped and fell down into the lava, and Belchy, Gary and Andy had to run out of the chamber for their dear lives. They could see a shockwave charge out into the distance, and a terrible sight met their eyes. Everything in the shockwave's path (that is, everything outside the volcano) was destroyed and left brown, muddy and barren. "What's happened?" Belthagorus breathed. "Everything's gone!" Gary said, removing the remains of the court order from his mouth. "Jack Peterson's death must have triggered some kind of ontological reaction… of course! Peterson was the champion of Middle Earth! He was bound up with it! His death has resulted in the death of… ah ." "The death of what? The death of Middle Earth?" "Yep." "You mean that in trying to save Middle Earth from the man who had been destroying it, we actually destroyed it by killing the man who had been sustaining it?" "Yep." "So everything's been destroyed?" "Yep." "The Shire?" "Yep." "Bree?" "Yep." "Gondor?" "Yep." "Rohan?" "Yep." "And is everyone…?" "Yep." There was a brief pause. "You meant they were all dead, right?" Belchy asked. "Yep." Belchy searched for a suitable word. "Oh… CRAP! " "Yep." A few hours later, and they were still standing there, clueless of what to do. "I should have stayed as a lollypop man," Gary said. Another hour of staring at the dead barren wastelands. "Gary?" Belchy asked, "Is this a happy ending, or a sad ending? We're still alive, and we completed our quest, but destroyed all of Middle Earth in doing so." "I don't know how this is meant to end." Gary said. And neither did the Author, until luckily at that point, he realised how. The next day, a helicopter appeared, buzzing like an angry hornet. It landed, and a squad of policemen jumped out and ran towards them. They handcuffed all three of them and bundled them back into the helicopter. "You're in big trouble!" one cop said. "The Tolkien Estate is suing your arses off for damages!" However, they were not sued, for they were merely fictional characters, and only puppets of the Author. And so, while the Author lived life on the run as a fugitive, constantly hiding from the Estate, police, and fanboys alike, the three survivors lived a happy, if slightly confused, life in the Reader's earth. Andy Circus became a famous actor. Belchy spent his days drinking and smoking in the pub. Gary became a lollypop man, until he was fired. Then he spent his days drinking and smoking in the pub with Belchy. And so it ends as it began; with a hobbit doing what he does every day – enjoying a nice cool beer and 'pipe weed' in the pub. The End