am not making an idle promise. Suddenly I see an orc running towards us, and I hear my own terrified scream. I grab Aragorn and run, not knowing where I am headed. My child is crying in my arms, but I have no time to comfort him, neither have I time to care about the burning pain in my shoulder. I see a tree and run towards it. I try to climb, but I cannot with the child in my arms. The orc is here. I stretch my arms up and place Aragorn on the highest branch I can reach. He is not crying anymore, only staring at me with huge, scared eyes. I turn and face the orc. Everything seems like a haze to me, and I cannot think clearly. All my moves are guided by pure instinct. The instinct of a lioness protecting her cub. My dagger goes through the orc's eye. Through his ugly little eye. But my blow is not strong enough to kill him and the blinded orc cries in rage. His only eye left glares at me with hatred and desire for revenge. I suddenly see him fall and Elladan rushes to my side. He is asking me questions, asking if I am wounded. But I do not hear him. I stretch my arms towards my trembling child, towards my little light. My shoulder screams at me, but I ignore it. I take him in my arms and he is not trembling anymore. He is safe. My hope is safe. This is all that matters. … Lord Elrond meets us and we are welcomed at the Last Homely House. My son is taken from me, and I am led to the healing wing for my shoulder blade has been broken indeed. Before I leave the Lord of Imladris puts a gentle hand on my forearm. "You are safe here, my Lady," he says, his voice soft and soothing. But I can hide my emotions no more. Suddenly I bury my face in the elf lord's chest with a soft sob, not caring if it would seem inappropriate. But he understands. An arm is gently wrapped around me and I can hear his voice in my ear. "He will find happiness here. But he must be kept safe. His true name will remain secret to hide him from the eyes of the Enemy." We go silent. We both know what his new name will be. There is only one name that truly fits him. "What will become of him?" I manage to ask in between sobs. "He has no father." Lord Elrond pulls back, so that his grey eyes look into mine. "I will be a father to him, Gilraen," he says softly. "I promise." … And now I look at my son, lying in his cradle, looking at me with those eyes so big, the color of the Sea on a stormy day. "I like it hewe, nana!" He blabbers. "Ewohiw told me he will teach me to fight with a swowd!" "This was Elladan, Estel," I correct him. He has quickly grown used to his new name. I have quickly grown used to it as well. For it is not new to me. Aragorn has always been estel to me, even in the moments of darkest despair. I sing a lullaby and he falls asleep. I gaze at my son and even though my foresight is not as strong as my forefathers', I can clearly see images of his future. I see him grow into a man, proud and tall, just and valiant. I see him rise above all Men of our time. I see him suffer, and I see him smile. I see him fight for what he holds dear. I see him loved by his friends, and feared by his enemies, but respected by all. I see pain and I see glory. I see his future. But I am no part of it. He will grieve and laugh, he will fall and rise again. But I will not be there. I will not be there to comfort him in his sorrow, I will not be there to share his happiness. His eyes will always shine, grey and deep like the Sea on a stormy day. But they will shine for others. Not for me. I gently caress his dark hair. "I wish I could walk your road with you, my son. I wish I could hold your hand and offer you my love in times of need. But I cannot. You will walk your path alone, my hope, and you will go where I cannot follow." O nen i-Estel Edain, u -chebin estel anim . I gave Hope to the Dunedain, I have kept no hope for myself. His stirs in his sleep, and I hold his hand, afraid that he might be troubled by nightmares. But then a smile forms on his small lips, and I smile with him. He squeezes tightly my finger, and I try to pull it out of his little fist, but I cannot. He is so strong for a baby! My brave protector. Cool breeze blows through the window and dries away the tears that had rolled down my cheeks. I bent forward and kiss his brow. "Sleep, Estel," I whisper, afraid that my heart will burst, overcome with emotion. "You will always be my star when all other lights fade. You will always be my hope." THE END As I said, this is VERY different from my other stories, and I'm not sure about it at all. Please, tell me what you think. To all readers of "Faces of Darkness": I am afraid you'll have to wait a bit more for the next chapter. I don't think I'll be able to write as often as I want those days. But, believe me, I will miss you more than you will miss the next chapter, so I'll do my best to finish it soon. 7