Suddenly, a dark shape was standing before me, with two pale eyes that stared directly at me. 'He is here. You are here. I have come.' Six feet away from me, it was, grim and dreadful, and slowly, it approached. I didn't know what to do. 'What do you want!' I choked, just as it reached me. A cold steel grip clasped onto my neck, and I remembered no more. I was trapped in a nightmare, but I didn't understand it at all. I didn't know where I was. There was mist everywhere around my feet, and the ground seemed as flat as a marble floor. The sky was black and without any stars, but there was a dim light somewhere in the stretching distance. I tried to follow it, but couldn't move. I was frozen. Somehow I knew that I wasn't alone, but whoever was with me, stayed out of my sight. 'Susan.' Someone said. It was Eric's voice that spoke, I'd recognize it anywhere, but the way he said my name sent a shiver down my spine. He wasn't calling me, or getting mad at me or anything; instead, he sounded more like he was just acknowledging me as he would a dim shadow. There was no emotion in his voice at all. I wanted to call out to him, but couldn't. I couldn't speak at all. At that moment, a soft yet solid noise echoed over the ground. There were footsteps. Someone was coming. "Could it be Eric?" I wondered hopefully. A shape had appeared out of the mist now, but I still couldn't call out to him. Tap-tap-tap, went the sound of his footsteps, and as he got closer, I began to see the features of his face. It wasn't Eric – that I was now certain of. The man was too old, somewhere in his forties. I'd never seen him before in my life. His hair, blond and thick, reached down to his back, and his clothes were green and gold, and looked like they were made of some kind of linen. His eyes looked as deep as the mist, grey and calm, and with them, he looked upon me with suspicion and wonder. "This has to be some sort of dream ," I thought. " I don't remember waking up. I don't even remember going to sleep" 'What trickery is this?' he asked glancing to me, and then to my left side. "Who else is he looking at?" I thought. "Was it Eric?" I could only assume that it was. He looked back at me and spoke again. 'Who are you Strangers?' he said, and to my surprise, I found that I could speak again. It was just as everything was growing dark again, and the man began to fade away with the mist. I didn't want him to leave. I was afraid and didn't know what would happen to me if he left, so with the most effort that I could possibly manage, I called out to him. 'Help us!' I cried, and everything went dark again. From his dream, the man awoke. 'This was no mere vision,' he knew. The faces of the two children which he had seen, were clear and frightening in his thoughts. Help us, the child had cried, but ere he could reach them, they were swept into the mist, and carried beyond his aid. Hopelessly he watched their forms fade until he was left alone facing the darkness of the east. a soft glowing light lingered behind him, but he could not turn, and from all around him, a clear voice cried out to him, with words as clear as water: Seek for they who are unknown, To Imladris they wander New branches of fate they shall have grown In the Northern Lands yonder. Paths of old shall be remade Where many a test shall be taken Doom and peace shall be waylaid, A new fellowship shall waken. Of what purpose the dream was to his king and to Rohan, he did not know, yet this man was not a witless fool. Théodred was his name, son to Théoden King of the Golden Hall, and he knew that his dream was a message sent by a power beyond his reconing. To Imladris, the voice had said, instructions alike to those of Denathor's son, who had stayed in Edoras many months ago. Boromir, a friend and ally against the growing darkness of Mordor, had told him of his dream, and now that Théodred dreamt of a vision of likeness to Boromir's, he would not tarry any longer where he lay. He would follow Boromir's road to Rivendell, even if his father bade him otherwise. He guessed to knowingly that the retched worm Grima would find some reason against his going, but as the king's son, Théodred would not heed crooked Wormtongue, but even as he thought this, did his thoughts stray to Éowyn. Could he leave his father's niece alone with that worm watching her steps. Nay, he would leave her a dagger, one that she could carry when her sword was kept elsewhere, and Éomer, his aunt's son, would surly put death upon the worm if he crept to close to her. Theodred was not eager to leave them behind, but he could not turn this dream of his away when others were also called to the house of Lord Elrond Half Elven. He remembered that Boromir spoke of a council there, where a token shall be revealed to them. If he was chosen to represent the people of Rohan in this council, then he would not delay any longer. Théodred would leave Edoras that very night. A/N: Well...? Good? Bad? What did you think? Should I continue it? If you're wondering why Susan is such a B**ch, it's because I'm going to write from both hers and Eric's point of view, and I'm making them both enemies to each other in the beginning. Hence the title.