and was hoping that not many people would watch the scene. Unfortunately, a small crowd had already begun to gather. "I saw you!" The man repeated. "You wanted my wife to take off her shirt!" The elf vigorously shook his head. "I certainly never wanted her to do such a thing!" He protested. "Silence!" The angry husband cried. "Did you not ask her to breastfeed this boy?" "I did, but I never-" "And how would she feed the boy without taking off her shirt?" The man snapped. Legolas did not like where this was going. "Then I suppose I wanted her to take it off, but only to-" "Silence!" The man shouted again and turned towards the crowd. "Did you hear that? He admitted his guilt! Shameless elf! I will complain to the King!" Legolas gulped nervously. The last thing he needed was Aragorn to find out how exactly he was taking care of his son. The anger in the man's eyes had only grown. "Perhaps elven women take off their shirts for every stranger," he hissed, "but the women of Gondor know how to behave properly!" The grin on his wife's face, however, and the glances she was throwing at Legolas suggested that she had never heard the meaning of 'proper behavior'. Her husband finally released the pale elf, who collapsed in a heap on the ground but managed to keep the baby unhurt. Eldarion had long ago stopped crying and was observing the scene with curiosity. He is memorizing it all and will tell Aragorn everything once he learns to talk, the elf thought in terror. The man glared at his wife, who seemed to be melting on the spot. "Stop looking at him like that!" He said angrily. "And how should I look at him?" The woman asked and sighed dreamily. "He has much to look at – this silky golden hair, those bottomless eyes, this porcelain face – ah! I would say he is almost as handsome as our King!" Legolas choked and almost dropped Eldarion. He had not wanted this woman's compliments because they made him feel uncomfortable and made him want to run as far away as possible, but now she had practically insulted him! How could she compare him to this former scruffy, muddy and greasy-haired ranger! Now this was an incident Aragorn had to learn nothing about! The man liked his wife's words not much more than Legolas did, and turned to shout something at her. The elf used the moment of inattention and sprinted away. As he left this horrible house behind him, he managed to glance at the sun. Fourteen more hours remained. Would he survive them? He was not so sure anymore… Hour 11: The good thing about this accident was that Eldarion had obviously forgotten his hunger and was now laughing happily. That was the only good thing. In fact, the child was not only laughing, but was also occasionally smirking and throwing Legolas conspiratorial winks much to the elf's horror. Legolas had reached a decision – he was not going to ask any more human women to feed Eldarion! He could easily get the milk of an animal, maybe a cow or a sheep, perhaps a goat. Now the elf realized that those animals would do best because they had milk all the time, while most others had only after giving birth. He should have thought of that earlier. Surely there had to be a herd of sheep or cows somewhere nearby and he would find one to milk. Legolas rode out of the city gates and looked at the Pelennor Fields in growing dismay. This was such a vast field! Why did no one use it to graze their stock here! Where could he find cows now? Legolas remembered that years ago a villager had told him that he preferred to graze his cows up the mountains. In this way the animals were forced to climb to reach the grass, and consequently they had less fat and more muscle, which resulted in better meat. His memory made him ride towards the White Mountains although he knew that he would have no time to reach them. There were lower hills and forests on the way, however, and he hoped to find his fortune there. The elf was worried that if they did not find any animals soon, it would get even harder after sunset. It was summer and the day was long, but still the sun was sinking lower and lower towards the ground. Thirteen hours remained until he was to hand Eldarion back to Aragorn. He had already survived almost half of his ordeal! Surely he would survive just thirteen more hours… Hour 12: For some time the elf had been suspecting that Eldarion had never been hungry at the first place and had been crying for some mysterious reason. The baby had stopped crying long ago and was now happily sucking his thumb and frequently giving Legolas' hair a strong pull. The elf grimaced as the little prince laughed merrily and showed him triumphantly how many golden hairs he had managed to separate from the fair head. Legolas sighed. Even if the child was not so hungry now, he would definitely need milk later, so it was better to continue their search. Besides, Minas Tirith was left far behind already, and the horse was taking them further into the wilds. And although the sun was going to set soon, its sight lifted Legolas' spirits. Only half a day remained! Surely he would survive twelve more hours… …even though if Legolas knew what was awaiting him, he would not be so sure at all. To be continued… Thanks for reading! I'll be away in a few days and the second and final part will be posted as soon as I come back. The next chapter of "The Only Way to Kill the Dragon" is almost finished and is coming soon. It is called "Nightmare Come True".