and she, in her weakened state is unable to do anything about it. "I know who you are," he says menacingly, gazing at her. He has Evyn by the neck, looking down at her. A look of fear passes on her face, but she clears her expression, still breathing rapidly. "You are not just some pretty maiden. You are the love of Legolas, son of Thranduil, King of the Woodland Realm of Northern Mirkwood. I suspect that he is here right now." The orc looks up to see Legolas standing there, his fists clenched around his bow, an arrow at the ready, staring the orc right in the face. "My guess seems to be correct. Dear Legolas, what will you do to me if I should be the one to kill your lovely Evyn?" He shakes her a little, just to prove his point, and her blood sprays them both. "If you are the one to kill her, I will not let you live another day," Legolas responds calmly. Inside, he is longing to do something, anything, but Evyn is a vulnerable position. With the orc clutching her around the neck, she is in the greatest of danger. "You do not want me as enemy," he continues but still doesn't shoot. The orc smirks as Evyn's hands scratch at his arm around her. No matter which wound is killing her, soon she will be dead. "I think we're a little pass that. I should just end this now," the orc sneers the ntightens his arm. Evyn pulls in slowing breaths. "You'd be dea before I take one breath," Legolas says and he suddenly pulls his arm up and shoots the orc between the eyes. He falls and Legolas catches Evyn before she hits the rock below. Evyn takes her fallen sword and stabs the orc for good measure in his chest. "For me," she whispers softly. "Evyn, Evyn, what has he done?" Legolas's hands were getting stained red from her blood. She smiles wanly as the rain that had held back for so long begins to fall. It does not clear away the blood not permanent on her dress and arms. It will be a reminder of the sacrifices, it will never truly go away. "We…we knew this would happen. I disobeyed direct orders from you. I deserve this pain." Her hand reaches up to caress his cheek. His other hand holds it to his face. even when she is dying, she simply accepts it. And when he sees her eyes, he sees what she truly thinks. She deserves the pain because she is a human, inferior. He's suddenly back to their first meeting, under the silvery trees in Lothlórien and away from the blood-stained pain on the hardened stone walls. Flashback " I don't like it, Legolas. He makes me feel inferior. As a human, I suppose that is my place, but still. I dread every time we're together." " Does Lady Galadriel or Lord Celeborn know?" I ask. It is true she would be under us, but it is not right for someone to point that out. Evyn shakes her head. " No. I have told no one. Legolas, you are the only one who knows. I just feel like I can trust you." End Flashback "No, no, Evyn, you do not." He shushes her. The tears he had held back begin to fall onto her chest wound, mixing her blood with his little drops of soul. The most he has ever cried. "Legolas," She whispers. He looks up to meet her eyes, fading as they were. "I'll never stop loving you. Even after death, I won't." The words touch his heart and start to break off the edges, little pieces falling to their doom. "Don't talk like that. We can save you, Haldir, Théoden, Aragorn…" He looks around for any of them, but they are off risking their own lives in battles. She begins to say something but she shushes her and pulls her behind a pillar defiled with crimson. That way, the orcs would not be upon them until… Until she was already dead. " I'm sorry to leave you with an immortality of sorrow, Legolas." For a moment, they are hidden, safe, behind the column. She wants to cry but she doesn't know if she even has any tears to let out. Evyn tries to be strong, to help Legolas deal with it and to leave him with a good memory of her. How strong she is, even though she knows she isn't, how she is calm in desperate situations, how bravely she fought. The perfect warrior. The perfect companion to him. "Don't be, Evyn. Don't be," Legolas tries to reassure her. She breathes in deeply. "You are my destiny, and I am yours." She breathes in deeply, one of her last breathes. "Evyn," He whispers, tears still dropping on her. He wipes them away, already hardening his heart for the rest of his life. "I'll never forget you; I'll never stop loving you." One side of her mouth lifts as she takes her final breath. "Legolas," She says faintly and then her hand falls. It hits the ground, her hand just missing her sword. The sword he gave to her. Evyn's eyes, just the perfect color of the water of a lake or a river, once snapping with joy and life, are now glassy and unmoving. Never again will he see them sparkle with the happiness of running or fighting, or…looking at him. He's left to stare at her lifeless body. "Evyn, I'll come back for you." I promise, he adds silently. He wants to give her a proper burial, one that she deserves. Legoals runs into the oncoming battle, ready to kill something, feeling more sorrow then he had ever felt, even more then when Gandalf had 'died'. He was fighting for Evyn, for his love, for his never ending desire. The thing that healed, broke, and fixed his heart all at once.