told of his heritage but a habit was hard to break and Elanor was no nearer to calling her brother Aragorn again anytime soon. She sat down on his bed and put her face in her hands. "How do you broach that subject with Ada, Estel? How did you tell him you loved Arwen?" She asked. Estel blushed, "I kind of blurted it out, El. I didn't plan it." Elanor groaned and lay back on her brother's bed. There she stayed until she had her speech for her father planned out in her head. Getting up she made her way to her father's study but before she knocked she could hear voices. "I don't understand Elrohir. You love her?" Elrond was saying. "Yes Father. You can't deny that El has grown up." There was only one person her brothers called El. That was her. "But she's still a child!" Elrond protested. "She's 18. In human terms she's an adult." Elrohir countered. "She's still under my care." Her father said. "So is Estel, but you're letting him be with Arwen." Elrohir said in return still calm and controlled. "That's different." Elrond said. To him it was. Arwen hadn't been in Rivendell for years, so she had been under her Grandmother's care. And Estel had grown up not knowing her. It was natural that the human could fall in love with Arwen. But Elrohir had watched Elanor grow up. It wasn't possible. "Is it? Elanor is beautiful father, she clever and she can handle herself in battle you saw her disarm Elladan yesterday didn't you? Ada please, understand. I love her." Elrohir said. Elanor turned away from the door and found herself wrapped in a pair of strong arms. She looked up into the face identical to the one she wanted to look down at her with love shining in those grey orbs. "You heard didn't you?" She nodded, "do you feel the same?" Another nod. Elladan nodded slowly and pushed open the door, the two elves inside looked up. "El? Are you alright?" Elrohir asked seeing his sister cradled in his brother's arms. Feeling protective all of a sudden. He wanted to be the elf to hold her if she was upset or hurt. "Oh she's fine, Ro. She just heard that entire conversation." Elrohir went scarlet, "and she feels the same about you." Elanor nodded at the unasked question of confirmation. Elrohir took his sister from his brother's arms and took her down the corridor away from their father. "Ada, you let Estel and Arwen be together, and they are happy. If Elrohir and Elanor were separated I am afraid we would see Elrohir fade. He would not be happy. You want him to be happy don't you?" Elladan asked, Elrond nodded. "Mortality is what concerns me 'Dan. Elanor is mortal. Elrohir is not." Elrond said sadly. "Is it possible that if he loves her like he says he does, he may forsake the immortality he has and stay with her. It is his choice." Elladan said softly, before leaving his father with his thoughts. "Why didn't you come and say something to me, El?" Elrohir asked as he walked with his sister in the gardens. Elanor sighed. "I don't know. It is more a question of how would I have said it I guess." Elanor said. Elrohir wrapped an arm around her shoulders. "Well, at least now we both know." He said. "How could you talk to Ada about it? I feel almost sure that my speech would have been totally different from yours." "I just came right out and said it. I told him that I loved you as more than a brother should. He told me he would forbid it and then our argument started." "Do you really think I'm beautiful Ro?" Elanor didn't see it. Elanor saw dark hair that would never sit right, dark brown-green eyes that reminded her vaguely of swamp water, and freckles. She didn't see any beauty at all. "You know what I see?" He asked, she nodded. He didn't say anything for a while until they had reached the fountain in the middle of the garden. Unaware that Elrond and Elladan could see them. "I see a girl that is kind, caring, fearless, clever, witty, and just so perfectly unique. That is what makes you beautiful, Elanor. It's not always beauty in looks. You are beautiful inside and out. Lots of people are. But it takes a special kind of person to capture one's heart." He said softly, "it's her beauty that catches your eyes; it's her personality that catches your heart." Elanor smiled maybe this could work. Just maybe. It was a week after the confessions that Elrohir and Elanor faced their first great challenge. Estel was leaving with the rangers of the north; Elanor knew she would never be quite herself without her blood-brother. Estel was no more. Now he was Aragorn, son of Arathorn, 16th and final chieftain of the Dúnedain. Aragorn had said that if Isildur, his ancestor, was corrupted by the One Ring, what's to say that he wasn't going to be? Aragorn was strong, Elanor knew it, but would her brother know when the time came? Aragorn moved along the line of his family giving them all a hug. His sister was last. Aragorn watched as tears filled the brown-green eyes that reminded the young man of his mother. Aragorn had inherited his father's eyes, blue-grey and powerful, strong. "I'm proud of you, sister." Aragorn whispered as he pulled her into a hug, "keep yourself safe alright?" He said as he kissed her cheek. "I'll miss you Gwador." She replied, dropping in the Elvish word for brother. "And I you Seler." He smiled dropping in Elvish word of sister. Elladan glanced at Elrohir and they shared a look. The two would miss each other dearly. The only thing that could save them was the fact that they weren't elves. They would never die from grief.