the Steward of Gondor, you know." "I do not think I could live with him." Polenia said quickly. "It is nothing against him. I just do not believe I could be that close to his child without getting attached to her. I've lost my own children, I do not want to fool myself into adopting someone else's." She laughed quietly. "Faramir's children do not have a mother. Éowyn died during the birth of his daughter, Finduilas. The loss destroyed him for a long time. He had finally managed to push passed it, and regain his strength, but it still plagues his heart." "The pain of death never really goes away. We only learn to live with it." Polenia said sadly as she looked over at Arwen. "Why would you tell me this?" "To make sure you know that if you did take his children in and treat them like your own, their real mother would not be angry with you. I think Éowyn would love what is best for her children's happiness." "Well, I will not do anything unless Faramir asks it of me. There would be nothing in this world more cruel than me getting close to his children, only for him to make me leave them alone. That would be unfair to them." Polenia said tenderly. Arwen decided not to push the subject any further. She lead Polenia to a large guest bedroom. It was barely furnished, having only a large mirror upon the wall, one small, 4-drawer dresser, and a nightstand beside the bed. The bed was big enough for only one to sleep in comfortably, but that was not going to be a problem. Arwen lead Polenia across the room and took her hands, placing them upon the bed. "I will get you in the morning, if you are not already awake. Sleep well." Arwen said tenderly, squeezing the girls hand tenderly before releasing it and walking from the room, closing the door behind herself. Polenia smiled and nodded her thanks before she lifted the covers on the bed back and sat down on the edge. All of the blankets were extremely soft, and thick. She thought they must be hand made quilts. She would make it a point to ask in the morning. She laid back upon the bed, resting her head on the pillow. She let out a deep sigh of comfort as she closed her eyes and pulled the covers over herself. She was asleep almost instantly, feeling comfort and safety for the first time since she had left home. "But, Papa, I do not want to go to bed!" Finduilas protested childishly as she struggled against Faramir trying to put her nightgown over her head. She turned from him and crossed her arms over her chest. He could not help but laugh to himself as he grabbed her and pulled her onto his lap, kissing her head tenderly. "Why don't you want to go to bed? You are tired." Faramir said softly as he cuddled his daughter close to his chest. "I am not!" She protested, yawning against her control as she tried to struggle away from me. "I do not want to sleep. When I wake up, you will be gone and that mean woman will be here!" "Do not be so unkind, Pippin, she takes good care of you." He said gently as he stood his daughter up and managed to pull her nightgown over her head successfully this time. "She is mean to us, that is why Elboron does not like to stay here." She protested quietly as her father put her small arms through the sleeves of her gown. "Who would you rather watch you while I am serving the king?" He asked gently, even though he already knew what she was going to say. "Polenia!" She said excitedly as she turned around and wrapped her arms around his neck, trying to be as cute as possible in order to get her way. "Oh, please, Papa! Can she stay here and take care of us while you are away?" "You only just met this woman. Why do you want her to watch you?" He asked sadly. "She is nice to me and does not sound mean when she speaks. She is really pretty, papa, and she tells nice stories. I don't have a mom… And I know you told me that I can't have one, but she is close. I want to be able to have her tell me bedtime stories, and brush my hair." The little girl ranted sleepily against his shoulder, finally giving in to the idea of sleep. "She does not seem to like me very much, Pippin." He said quietly before he stood up and walked over to her bed, tucking her in gently before kissing her upon her forehead. "If you were nice to her, she would like you…" She said with a small yawn before she rolled onto her side and quickly fell asleep. "You are probably right…" He said with a sad sigh before standing up straight and walking from her bedroom. He blew out the candle beside the door before closing the door behind himself. He walked outside of his house and stood next to his door, leaning back against the stone wall. He took his pipe out and quickly lit it. He always made sure to smoke outside, not wanting his children to follow his bad example. That, and he did not want his house smelling of smoke. He put his pipe between his lips and smoked in silence for a while, blowing out rings every so often. He looked up at the stars in the navy sky and sighed. "Éowyn… What am I supposed to do?" He asked softly. He hoped that one day, he would receive an answer, but tonight was not the time. There was only silence as he stared up at the sky, wishing that his wife did not have to leave him so soon.