proud, be truly happy living among people whom, she knows, look upon her in a derisive, scornful fashion? Is this to be your fate?" "If I am as noble as you say, there should be no need for me to feel abashed. I was good enough for Valacar," she said, but he detected a slight hesitation in her voice. "A delusion no doubt wrought upon him by your charm and his distance from home. By his error, he has brought about the ire of every nobleman in the land. It will be a nightmare to assuage all their ill-will." "At least that shall be comfort enough," she said, trying, unsuccessfully, to summon back an appearance of good humor, "to know that I managed to, single-handedly, ruffle so many feathers-is that the correct expression?" He chose to ignore the last. "It cannot be borne, lady." She almost rose, to leave, he presumed, but, by some last-minute decision, settled deeper into the chair instead, forcing away the hand that had come once more to rest upon her belly. "What do you want of me, lord Aradan?" "I want you to disappear from Valacar's life. His union with you may yet ruin him and destroy the home to which he owes his allegiance. In the name of the love you so avidly profess, relinquish your claim on him." Aradan could see, almost feel, her breath caught in her throat. Her jaw trembled, and he waited for her to cry, but she did not. After a while, she said, less-defiantly than what she had surely intended if she had wanted to discompose him, "What if I should refuse?" Had he heard her right? Could she be bought? He stood and advanced to within a step of her. She did not stand, neither did she raise her eyes to meet him. It had been a grave misjudgment on his part, for now he would have to kneel. "Lady Vidumavi, allow me to make clear that everything you should require would be at your disposal, should you comply." "Except what I truly want." "And what may that be?" The lady Vidumavi turned searing bright eyes on him, but not bright with rage, as he had expected. It was pity that she bestowed upon him, and pity that seeped through her words when she said, "It is a question that can only be excused from someone who has never felt before, and that will be why I will choose to forgive the indignity to which I have been subjected by your offensive language of today. You may be aware that, as my father's daughter I have all the consequence, all the distinction, and all the material advantages that I could desire. Gondor, with its decaying and morally deficient nobility holds no appeal for me, except that it is Valacar's homeland and has, by some miraculous turn, as is clear to me now, made him into the man he is. It was without any guile or designs that we joined ourselves together, and as such we shall remain, for I could never dissolve alone, against my will and inclination, a bond forged by the union of two souls. Should he cease to love me, I will go. Otherwise, you cannot possibly have anything further to say to me." "Will you, then, make yourself his queen, disregarding everything that his relations and subjects have to say upon the matter?" "If such objections are nothing to my lord, who am I to regard them as of having any consequence?" "You carry his child! Would you place a foreigner on the throne of Gondor?" "My child will be his father's child, regardless of where his birth-place lay." "Place is everything!" he cried, rising, surprised by the way she had so effectively led him in on to a fit of rage-an outburst. His whole usefulness depended on his detachment. That surge of feeling may well have ruined him for good. The lady remained seated, even then, hands protectively placed upon her belly, presumably to forestall any physical onslaught on his part-as if he would strike her! He knew that, already, he had failed. "Would you not, at least, travel to Gondor to birth the child?" Was he doing the pleading now? Groveling for a mere woman to extend a crumb of her favor? He could not abide it! "Should you choose to remain here, I suggest you begin praying for a daughter." She rose then, in all the dignity that Aradan had admired before, and, without flinching, delivered her parting words, "Should I have a daughter, I suppose that would make a journey to Gondor quite unnecessary. I believe you mentioned other engagements you have to attend to, lord Aradan. I bid you a good day." And, with that, he was most decidedly dismissed. The irony of it all lay in the fact that the only woman capable of withstanding the demands the rule of Gondor, proud and greedy as it was fast becoming, would impose, was the only woman Gondor would not-could not-accept. One day, he would see Gondor on the verge of ruin from this evil, and he would grieve to be proved right. In one thing, at least, the lady Vidumavi had been mistaken: his heart did beat, and it beat to Gondor's pulse. He would not see it torn down by the pretensions of a woman. That, he vowed. There was already rebellion in the southern provinces when Valacar grew old. His queen had been a fair and noble lady, but short-lived according to the fate of lesser Men, and the Dunedain feared that her descendants would prove the same and fall from the majesty of the Kings of Men. Also they were unwilling to accept as lord her son, who though he was now called Eldacar, had been born in an alien country and was named in his youth Vinitharya, a name of his mother's people. (Appendix A, The Lord of the Rings, J. R. R. Tolkien)