and the long dark lashes contrasted sharply with the unnatural paleness of his face. His lips were partially open and had taken a slightly bluish tint. An angry bruise was beginning to form on one of his cheeks, but it seemed insignificant compared to the deep gash in his stomach. "No!" Legolas heard his own strangled scream. Let me not be too late! I cannot be too late! The Elf fell to his knees over the prone form, and immediately tore a piece of his tunic, pressing it against the stomach wound. Against the bleeding wound. Bleeding! Dead men didn't bleed. Estel was alive. Legolas gently examined the human's body for other injuries and dressed them with pieces of his clothes. They needed to be carefully cleaned once they returned to Imladris, but for now this would have to do. He suddenly froze as tired gray eyes fluttered open. "Estel?" He cradled the boy in his lap and pillowed his head on his arm. "Estel, can you hear me?" The human looked around confused and his gaze finally found the worried blue eyes rested on his face. "Legolas?" His voice was weak but audible. "Are you alright?" Legolas froze in shock and surprise. How could Estel ask if he was alright? And then he knew. The human wasn't asking just about the physical wounds. Are you alright so close to a Man? Can you live with the memories, with the ghosts that still haunt you? Legolas smiled brightly and pulled the human closer to him, bending his head forward and letting their foreheads touch. And for Estel this was enough of an answer. Gimli was surprised to see tears in his companion's eyes. "Elf?" He asked worriedly. "Legolas? Did I say something wrong?" "No, Gimli," Legolas said softly and the Dwarf gasped. For the first time the Elf used his name to address him. "You said exactly the right thing." Legolas was away much among the Galadhrim, and after the first night he did not sleep with the other companions, though he returned to eat and talk with them. Often he took Gimli with him when he went abroad in the land, and the others wondered at this change. On the afternoon of the seventh day after they had arrived in Lothlórien, Legolas and Gimli had returned from a walk through the fair wood to dine with their companions. Aragorn suddenly pulled Legolas aside, and the Elf wondered at the smile on his friend's face. "So he did it?" The Man asked. "Did what?" The Elven brow furrowed in confusion. "Gimli crossed the border you guarded so well. You let him do it. You let him walk the road to your heart." Understanding shone in the azure orbs, and the Elf returned the smile. "The road was not so hard to walk for it had been walked before by another mortal. By a Man who dared walk on the road not taken. He paved it for everyone who walked after him. He fought all the obstacles I had put there, and cleared the way for anyone who might follow. If it wasn't for that glorious Man, I would have never talked to Gimli at all." "Glorious?" Aragorn smiled. "If this is true, you must tell him that he is the best friend one could ever have." "I will," Legolas replied seriously. "And it is the truth." It was their last night in Lothlórien, and Legolas had decided to sleep with the rest of the Fellowship. However, sleep could not find him. Tomorrow they would leave, and, most probably, would face unforeseeable dangers. Possibly not all of them would come out of this adventure alive. But this was not what occupied his mind and gave him no rest. His gaze rested for a second on the four sleeping Hobbits. His heart had accepted them quite easily, but still it would have never happened if he hadn't been a friend to a mortal before. To this friendship he owed his warm feelings towards the Hobbits, feelings he knew were fully returned. His eyes then traveled to Boromir. True, he never felt particularly close to the human, but he respected the valorous Gondorian and trusted him. He would always fight with him, and, if need be, for him. Yet, a few decades ago he wouldn't have allowed such feelings towards a human. Next, his gaze moved to Gimli and he couldn't help the smile that graced his lips. This had been hard indeed. Hard to break the ice, and hard to cross the border. But he had done it, and for this he was glad. Finally, his eyes rested on the sleeping form of the Man, to whom he owed it all. He couldn't resist his urge and shook him slightly. "Mmm?" Heavy eyelids lifted slowly and an unfocused gray gaze turned towards the golden-haired being. "I just wanted to tell you that you are the best friend one could ever have," Legolas whispered. "I know that, Elf," Aragorn murmured sleepily. "Can I go back to sleep now?" He didn't wait for an answer and closed his eyes. Legolas shook his head in amusement. The smile on his lips was one of pure affection. Sapphire eyes took in the forms of the four Hobbits, the two Men, and the Dwarf. Years ago he had never thought he would ever find himself in such a company, but now he was prepared to fight for each one of them, to die for each one of them. Surprisingly even for him, he had allowed each one of those seven beings walk along the path that led to his heart. He had let them all cross the border he had placed to separate himself from the rest of the world. And they have all fought patiently to cross it. And they all deserved a place in his heart. "Sleep well, my friends." THE END Thanks for reading and I would love to hear what you think :-)