wore a long light blue robe, she had long blond hair, pale skin; like porcelain and clear grey eyes. Meghan felt a tug at her heart, as she thought of her husband and how much she missed him. "I know your pain and I know why you have come to me." Her voice was soft and motherly, but also dangerous. Meghan almost considered getting back into her car and going home but something inside her told her to stay. " I don't really think I have made the right choice. What I have read cannot possible be true. No one can transport people back into time." Meghan went to leave when she felt a force halt her. She turned to face the woman who merely smiled at her, "Your hope is known to me, " said Gabriel, looking solemnly at Meghan. " I know of what troubles you and your coming to this place was not yet in vain as there may still be help for you. You walk in darkness and have travelled far to find a light to led you away, have you not?" Meghan openly started at the woman in shock but still mustered some feeling as so she could nod. "Do not let your heart be troubled, " she said and then smiled at the shock stricken woman. " Come now, tell me your wish and this day it shall be granted." Meghan shed tears of happiness as she spoke, "Will you send me away? Away to a place that most believe is purely fictional, a figment of someone's imagination?" Gabriel stared at her for a few moments, looking into Meghan's hazel eyes. It almost felt like she was reading her soul and mind. A soft wind blew around them sending scents of lavender, roses and other sweet smells about. Gabriel smiled, took Meghan's hand and nodded, "You have a purpose in the land you speak of, what it is I do not know but I will grant what you ask of me Meghan. Your soul tells me you are worthy. This Middle Earth did truly exist once you know, many years ago before any of Earths people of today can remember. None can remember such a land nor can they think of such as anything more than a story. Only a select few believe, like you." Meghan felt a little confused that the woman knew what she had been speaking of but she chose not contemplate too much on it and instead let absolute relief and joy wash over her. She will have happiness again, in a new world. Well kind of new… Meghan took her two large packs out the car and followed Gabriel through a large gate at the side of the house. They walked silently through the garden until they came to a rather large pond. Its waters were clear blue and sparkling and roses and ivy vines surrounded it. "This is beautiful." Meghan whispered out loud. "This, at first glance would seem to most as a simple yard pond, but it is not. These are the Waters of Reflection. The process is very simple. Should 'They' feel you are worthy, when you enter the waters you will be transported to the place of your wishes." Meghan looked at Gabriel in shock, " That's all?" Gabriel smiled as though she had secret, " It is much more difficult than it seems, not all are accepted into the waters. And those who are rejected do not always re-emerge. But that is not a fear I have in my heart this day. Let us begin, time passes and soon the gates will close again until another phase." Meghan nodded and hoisted the packs, one on her back the other off her shoulder. Gabriel instructed her to stand at the waters edge and close her eyes, so she did. "Now picture the place you wish to go in detail. Like you are already there. When you have pictured it, lock the image in your mind and then speak these words, 'Im Meghan Carter, aníron bedi Arda. Han aníron na ce gauren.' " Meghan did as she was told, she locked the image in her mind, focusing on Rohan; she loved that land the most. Then, with some difficulty she repeated the words. "Now say them again as you walk into the waters, I bid you farewell Meghan, I hope 'They' accept you for your soul is great and I believe you will achieve getting what you want most. Nan lû i agovaded vîn." Meghan slowly walked into the waters, while saying the words again. The water was cool and it strangely did not feel wet. It didn't make sense but who was she to question it? Within a half a minute she was up to her neck and began to panic. A voice told her to just keep going, so without doubt, she did. " Han aníron na ce gauren " she was engulfed fully in the water now and suddenly she began to get very dizzy. What was happening? A bright silver light shone down on her and for a moment she was very afraid and vulnerable. Everything around her was darker than a moonless night and she felt so very alone. It lasted for about a minute and then a feeling of welcome and acceptance washed over her, that was the last thing she could remember before she fell out of consciousness and into a peaceful blackness, A/N: Hi everyone I hope you like my new story, it will progress further and hopefully be a hit. I would just like to say that, although this story will never be truly acurate and not always beliveable i hope to get alot of reviews, be it or bad, of people enjoying my story and helping me grow along the way. This story, i hope, will be something to be proud of for a very long time. So please REVIEW! I would really appreciate your comments!