asked. "Better," Legolas declared. "A lot better." Thranduil sat down in the chair next to the bed and studied him critically. "The bruising has faded a bit and Celairdir said that your ribs are starting to mend. You should be able to get up in a few days. Are you hungry?" Legolas' growling stomach answered that question for him. His father smiled, went to the door and talked for a few moments with somebody outside the room. He closed the door again and returned to the bed. "I asked a servant to bring something to eat." He leaned back in the chair, still studying his son. "The parents of the child you rescued have asked to see you. I told them you would receive them when you're up to it." Legolas smiled. "I would like to see the boy. To make sure that he is really alright." Thranduil nodded satisfied. "Perhaps in a few days." Four days later Sarnon and his parents were finally allowed to visit Legolas. The prince had been moved from the healing room back to his own chambers but he still suffered headaches occasionally and his ribs forced him to move carefully. It would take a bit more time for him to recover completely. Now he was settled in an armchair in his sitting room when Tinwion showed Sarnon and his parents in. They approached shyly. The older elves bowed before their prince then Sarnon's father addressed Legolas. "My prince, I'm Thalon and my wife is Laeriel. We can't thank you enough for saving our boy. We were so afraid that we had lost him." His voice shook. Obviously the memory of what had happened still haunted him. Legolas smiled. "I'm glad that your son is alright. I hope you are well, Sarnon?" Sarnon nodded eagerly. "I wasn't hurt." He looked down at the floor. "But the water was scary," he added in a subdued voice. His mother squeezed his shoulder. "We are so sorry that you were injured, my prince. Sarnon told us what happened." Legolas gave her a reassuring smile. "I am well, don't worry." He hid a grimace as he thought about what his father and Celairdir would have to say to that statement. Sarnon's father stepped forward. "Please accept this as a token of our gratitude." He lifted a package he had been carrying and revealed a wood carving. Legolas took it and admired the work. The carving was a kingfisher, poised with stretched wings, about to plunge into the water and hunt for fish. It was magnificent. He looked up at Thalon. "Thank you, it's beautiful." Thalon seemed almost embarrassed at the praise. "I'm a carpenter, so I do a lot of carving." "I have plenty of animals," Sarnon chimed in. "He always makes me new ones." Legolas smiled. It was obvious that Thalon and Laeriel adored their son and that Sarnon loved his parents. He was glad that the family hadn't suffered a devastating loss. It was worth the pain he had endured to see them happy and together. "Your father does beautiful work." He turned to Thalon. "I'm sure my father would like to talk with you about a few decorations and works he would like to be done." The older elf seemed pleased. "If the king thinks my work worthy of his notice I'm glad to be of service." Legolas invited them to sit and they talked for a while longer then the family took their leave. Legolas settled back in his chair, trying to find a comfortable position. He turned the carving in his hands, admiring the fine work. A knock on the door preceded his father. Thranduil had decided not to intimidate Sarnon's family with his presence, so he had worked in his study. Now he came to check on Legolas. His critical gaze took in his son's appearance. He was still a bit pale and slight creases around his eyes indicated another headache. Then he noticed the carving in Legolas' hands. "What's that?" Legolas looked up. "Sarnon's father gave it to me." He handed his father the work. Thranduil took and examined it. He was impressed with the accuracy of the carving. The kingfisher looked as if it would come to life any moment. "It's magnificent," he commented. "I told Thalon that maybe you would like to use his services for a few decorations." "If everything he does is as good as this carving, I certainly would like to do that." He looked down at his son and watched Legolas rubbing his forehead. "Another headache?" "It's not so bad. Just a slight throbbing." He met the concerned gaze of his father. "Stop worrying, I'm fine." At his father's disbelieving snort he amended. "I will be fine." Thranduil's gaze softened. He sat down in a chair next to his son's. "I know that. And you can't imagine how proud I am of you. You didn't think about your own safety when you jumped in after Sarnon. But I was also terrified." Thranduil shuddered, remembering the terrible moments when he spotted his son lying motionless on the shore, not knowing whether Legolas was dead or alive. Legolas could sense his father's agitation. "I'm sorry for worrying you, Ada." Thranduil smiled wryly. "Unfortunately that's nothing new for me. I expect something like this when you are on patrol, not when you are home and supposedly safe." He laid his hand on Legolas' shoulder and squeezed gently. "At least promise me to listen to Celairdir and to take it easy until he says you're fit for duty." His son nodded his assent and took the carving again. "It's amazing how Thalon can create beauty with just a knife and some wood." Thranduil kept his hand on Legolas' shoulder and watched his son as he admired the carving. Feeling Legolas' solid presence beneath his hand did a lot to ease his mind. He gave a silent thanks that his son had survived and was on the road to recovery. END