to come with you." And it was the truth. Aragorn looked at him for a longer time, as if trying to judge the truth in the answer. "Good," he said. "A long road is ahead of us, and we shall speak of this again once we reach the great river and the Corsairs are taken care of. Come then, my friend, I fear it is time to leave." Legolas nodded, satisfied that the danger was gone for the time being. Yet, as he jumped down, he felt Aragorn's light touch on his shoulder. "I am here," the Man whispered, "and you can tell me anything, at any time. Never forget that." The Elf felt treacherous tears prick at his eyes, and at that moment he wanted nothing more than simply rest his head against his friend's shoulder and tell him everything. Tell him how afraid he was and how he did not want to go to the shore, but how he did not want to part from him either. He wanted Aragorn to tell him what to do, to make the choice instead of him, for he had no strength to make it himself and face the consequences. Still, Legolas knew that this was wrong. Aragorn had made much harder choices already, and he could spare his friend at least that. He knew that if he allowed the weakness to take hold of him now, he would always regret it. And he was silent. Aragorn held his gaze for a while and turned back, exiting the door and disappearing into the dark corridor. Legolas fought against his urge to call him back, and instead hastened to catch up with the Man. The two walked side by side, but neither spoke. As they entered the hall, the rest of the company had finished their meals and were ready to depart. The riders quickly mounted their steeds and set forth, reaching Dunharrow as darkness fell. Lady Éowyn greeted them and was glad to see such mighty warriors and to hear news of the battle at Helm's Deep. But as soon as Aragorn spoke of their path, she was horrified and begged him to turn back and fight with her brother and uncle. Aragorn and his companions had expected this for the Paths of the Dead seemed to awaken deep fears in the hearts of Men. After the meal everyone thanked the Lady for her care and retired to rest for the night. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli walked to the booth which was appointed to them, but as the Elf and the Dwarf walked in, Aragorn heard the Lady Éowyn call out his name, and remained outside to speak to her. Legolas took off his boots and quickly changed into his night tunic and lay on the bed. He could clearly hear Aragorn and Éowyn talking, but did his best to tune out their conversation. It was not hard to notice that the talk was not meant for his ears, and yet his hearing was sharp and he could not help picking up words and phrases. Éowyn wanted to join the Grey Company and walk the Paths of the Dead even thought she believed that nothing but death awaited her there. At first Legolas thought it was madness, but then he realized that she was not much different from him. For he also wanted to walk the Paths even though he knew for sure that a fate worse than death awaited him. Aragorn was trying to dissuade her, and Legolas felt a strange pain in his heart. For the briefest moment he wished that his friend would try to dissuade him as well, would order him to stay back and give him no choice but obey. But the moment was quickly gone. He knew that staying behind would be a torture, and he could not bear the thought of Aragorn walking into that world of shadows without him. Aragorn was now telling Éowyn that she had no errand in the south, and Legolas desperately pressed his palms against his ears, after making sure that Gimli was not looking at him. This was not meant for him to hear! Éowyn was baring her soul, and the Elf was certain that the proud lady did not wish him to witness any of this. Yet, he still heard her next words, and they shook him deeply. " Neither have those others who go with thee," Éowyn was saying. "They go only because they would not be parted from thee – because they love thee." And then, for the first time, Legolas knew that Éowyn's pain was greater than his own. Yes, now he knew that if the Sea-longing was a fate worse than death, then there was a fate worse than the Sea-longing. Éowyn wanted to go with Aragorn despite the dangers because her heart told her so. Yet, she was forbidden to go. And Legolas knew that if he had been forbidden to go with his friend, he would have been unable to bear it. The pain of being forced to stay behind, while knowing that his friend was facing the shadows alone, was worse than the pain any Sea-longing could cause. Legolas's heart felt lighter than it had been in the past days. His choice was made, and now he knew that it was the only right one. He would go through the Paths of the Dead and meet his doom. Why? He smiled, remembering Éowyn's last words. The Lady had known him for such a short time, and yet she had already seen the true reason behind what he was doing. Many paths have been decided in the past few days. Gandalf's path was to ride to Minas Tirith and warn the Steward. Théoden's path was to gather his men and aid Gondor. Aragorn's path was to reach the River Anduin and defeat the Corsairs. And his own path... His path was with Aragorn, wherever it would take him. ~*~ The End ~*~