sometimes you have to break the rules in order to make sure that important things get done." "As I am sure Finduilas also mentioned, it is important to meet the consequences of breaking those rules." The Wizard pointed out gently. "Come, I will take you to your nurse, and perhaps my thanks for your assistance will in some part make up for your transgressions." "Don't take me to my nurse." The boy said firmly. "She'll wake father, who will wake mother, and a large fuss shall ensue. You'll not be away swiftly, and everyone will be upset." Faramir then fixed Gandalf with a very hard look, for his age and state. "This was a good day for Mama. She hardly ever makes a formal dinner anymore. If you take me to my nurse, Mama will be upset and have a couple of bad days. Its just how it is." "What would you suggest, child? An eccentric Wizard I may be, but I cannot leave the five year old son of my host to find his own way home." Gandalf pointed out, impatient to be away, but mindful of his duties. The boy looked as if he rather didn't understand why. But instead of arguing that he had found his own way here and could find his own way back, he offered, "Take me to Boromir. He will be upset with me for wandering around the city alone at night, but it is better than the alternatives for everyone." Gandalf would normally not have left the care of a five year old child to his ten year old brother, but he recalled the strained dinner he had attended in the great hall that evening. The Steward had not mentioned his younger son once, despite Gandalf praising the lad's scholarship. Talking to the young Lord Sendar and the old Captain Tyrel, Gandalf had learned that Denethor never mentioned his younger son if he could help it, despite praising the elder near constantly. Captain Tyrel had explained "the younger boy seems likely enough - well formed, quick, polite. When he is with his brother, he does all the things one would expect of a boy of five. He's already riding and shooting a small bow that Boromir had his guards buy for his brother. But the Lord Steward prefers not to see Faramir, so mostly he is not mentioned." Boromir, for his part, had been well-behaved during the formal dinner, far from the boisterous child Gandalf remembered from his previous visits. And Boromir had very quietly asked the server to pack up a second serving of the dessert, for his younger brother. Recalling that, and how well the ten year old had dealt with Faramir's earlier transgressions, the Wizard agreed. Gandalf was unsurprised when Faramir quietly guided them through hallways, pausing to enter hidden tunnels once or twice to evade guards. Boromir woke near instantly to his brother's quiet, hesitant knock at the door to his outer chamber in the Lord Steward's suite. The tall ten year old immediately swept his younger brother into the room with a sigh, wrapping Faramir in his own dressing gown. "Thank you for bringing him." Boromir said to the Wizard, looking as if it pained him to owe a man his father so disapproved of anything. "Your brother saved me a great deal of time tonight." The Wizard supplied, "but he probably ought not leave his room and journey to the archives by himself." "Fara..." Boromir scolded, frustrated but not furious. "I told you, books can always wait til tomorrow!" Faramir huffed, and Gandalf pointed out, "Possibly not, in this case. But it was still not wise." "I will deal with him." Boromir promised. To the wizard's surprise, the younger child did not object. "Don't tell Mama or Father, Brom." Faramir said, sighing. "I won't, kit." Boromir promised, still frustrated but affectionate "Now go get in my bed - we'll tell them you sleepwalked here again, should they ask, and we'll deal with the rest in the morning." Faramir nodded and turned to obey, pausing at the door to Boromir's bedchamber to ask, sounding truly like a child for possibly the first time that day, "Mithrandir, if we meet again, and you can spare the time, will you tell Brom and I stories of the elves?" Gandalf nodded. "It will be my honor, Faramir." The boy grinned tiredly at him, and disappeared through the door. Gandalf felt more and more the pressure to be away, but love for Finduilas, and growing admiration for her children, made him stay. "It is unfair for a child your age to have to assume such a responsibility for a child your brother's age." The Wizard told Denethor's older son. Boromir looked at him derisively, but no hint of his derision showed in his voice, which was level and respectful, if barely so. "Its not fair that Ada looks at Fara, and can't see beyond our mother becoming sick after she bore him. I'll take care of him, like he helps me with my lessons. We both do what we have to, Fara and I, to keep our family as whole and happy as possible." Boromir closed his door, and the Wizard was left to marvel at the strong friendship between the two brothers, particularly given their father's clear preference for the elder. As Gandalf rode swiftly away from Minas Tirith toward the site where Isildur may have lost the ring, the Gray Wizard decided that he should indeed make a point of returning to the White City on a regular basis. A scholarly spirit such as Faramir's did indeed deserve to be nurtured, and it was unlikely that Denethor would see the value in such pursuits, standing as he did at Mordor's gate. It would be worthwhile keeping an eye on Boromir as well - any young child who was so protective and caring of a younger sibling at such a tender age would likely also grow into a remarkable man.