encouragingly and he kisses the top of my head. "I hope so." ~Six Months Later~ Legolas holds me close as grandfather tells us the horrible news. Our daughter did not make it. Our son cries as grandfather hands him to me. I look up and Legolas kisses my forehead. Grandfather had asked forgiveness for he did not see this but there is nothing to forgive, some things in life happen for a reason, they may not be the best thing but they happen anyway. I wipe away my tears and then Legolas's. "Let's just be happy that we did feel her kicking and that we have our son, Thranduil. Next daughter we have, we will name her after her older sister." I state and Legolas nods. Grandfather also admitted that my grandmother miscarried a baby before she had nana. Ada and nana and Eldarion come in. "Can I see my nephew?" He asks and I smile and kneel down. "Do you want to hold him?" I ask and he nods. I show Eldarion how to hold him then hand my newborn son to my brother. I stand back up and Eldarion smiles as Thranduil stops crying and reaches a small hand up to his uncle's face. "Well, looks like our son isn't going to be a daddy's boy or a mommy's boy, he's going to be an uncle's boy." I point out and everyone in the room laughs. The next day we have a small funeral for our daughter. After Eldarion, Legolas, and I walk along in the garden. I have Thranduil in my arms while Legolas holds Eldarion's hand. "Elora, I think my niece would be just like you. Really pretty and smart and strong." Eldarion states as he skips along beside Legolas. I smile and feel my heart warm knowing that my little brother thinks of me like that. "I promise I will protect Thranduil and his future siblings because I love them lots!" Eldarion says and happy tears stream down my cheeks. "How was I blessed with such a brother?" I ask Legolas as he runs off after a stray puppy. "Your parents have wonderful genes." Legolas answers and I laugh. ~Three Years Later~ I watch ada teach Eldarion, who is now six, how to wield a sword with sticks. Eldarion turns to me and waves and ada sticks him in the chest. "Never be distracted, even by your pretty sister." Ada states and I laugh. My dress is tugged on and I look down to Thranduil, who is now three. "Can I go play?" He asks and I ruffle his brown hair. "They aren't playing my boy. Your grandpa is teaching your uncle how to use a sword, your father will begin to teach you when you are your uncle's age." I answer and he looks on in awe. I place a hand under my protruding stomach. "Go get your father Thranduil. Tell him your sister is ready to meet everyone." Thranduil runs off as ada runs over and helps me to the healing house. Two hours later I am holding Arlayna and Legolas stands at my bed side with Thranduil on his hip. "My baby sister is cute! I want to hold her!" Thranduil says and climbs onto the bed. I place Arlayna in his arms and he sits very still while holding her, she is asleep. The next day I was talking with nana, who just told me that she is pregnant. "Legolas likes to hog Arlayna. All night he held her and ended up falling asleep with her on his chest. If he keeps this up she's going to be a daddy's girl and never want to leave his side." I state and nana laughs. "Just like you?" Nana teases and I blush. I never realized how much of a daddy's girl I was until recently. Nana laughs and we enter the hall. I look and see the scene I predicted so many years ago. Thranduil is standing at his father's side while Legolas looks down into his arms at the little pink blanket. I grin and go over to him and he smiles at me. I place my hand on my son's head and I feel him look up at me. I look down and smile he smiles back up at me. ~Seven Years Later~ "Nana!" Arlayna yells and I look to see that her and my sister Lenna are arguing again. "You two enough!" I go over and switch teddy bears and then Arlayna looks down. "I want ada." She says and I sigh. "I know sweetheart, ada will be home soon." I answer. "Hopefully." I mutter to myself and pick her up. Legolas and ada went out with a group of soldiers to take care a camp of orcs that Faramir found in the far east of Gondor. Thranduil, who is now ten comes running in with Eldarion, who is now thirteen. "Nana! Ada and grandfather are home!" My mood brightens and I set Arlayna down who runs past her uncle and brother. I lift my dress and run out behind them with my brother, sister, and son at my side. "Ada!" Arlayna jumps into Legolas's arms and he barely has time to catch her. "I missed you!" She exclaims and I smile as Legolas kisses her nose. "And I you my little princess." He replies then turns to me. I smile and he smiles back at me. He turns back to Arlayna as Thranduil goes up to him. Eldarion picks up Lenna and they head over ada. Nana is at ada's side. I go over to Legolas and take in our family. This peace is being threatened, I vow to eliminate that threat. Thalion won't take this away from me, from my family. I think about our friends and wonder how they are doing. Have they started families yet? I get a feeling that question will be answered soon, but not for a pleasant out of the blue meeting.