told me," Estel replied as he heated some water and bruised the leaves between his fingers. "But I have had surprising success with it, for several ailments, although not in any case as grave as what you suffer." "It has a most pleasing scent, at least," Legolas observed. Estel plunged the leaves into the hot water and the scent intensified. "The taste it imparts to water is pleasing also, I am glad to say," he replied. "Would you drink a little?" "I do not see how it could do any harm," replied Legolas, though he doubted it would do much good either. Just as he was about to take an obedient sip from the side of the bowl he gave a sharp cry and clutched at his stomach. Estel quickly supported him, lending his assistance with one hand under the blanket to rub away the cramp. By the time it subsided, Legolas was panting, his head lying tiredly back on Estel's shoulder. Estel picked up the athelas water. "Try again," he urged gently, and Legolas took a cautious sip. "Oh," he breathed. "Are you all right, Legolas?" "Very much so, my healer," Legolas turned his head to look up into Estel's worried face. "You were right. It is indeed a powerful medicine. I can feel it chasing the venom from me." "Mayhap you are just recovering from the cramp," Estel suggested. "Nay, 'tis much more than that," Legolas replied, and yawned suddenly. "I am very comfortable; would you mind if I sleep a little?" And before his friend could answer, he turned a little sideways, snuggled down in Estel's lap and fell into deep reverie. Estel smiled down in puzzlement at his lapful of beautiful, slumbering Elf. He would very much have liked to sit thus for hours, but the cool evening breeze was reminding him forcibly that he too was still naked. So he gently pushed the sleeping Legolas back on to his fireside pillow. Then the young man found another blanket and settled down to sleep right next to his patient. -/-/-/-/- Estel woke suddenly. A powerful arm was across him, holding him still. "Do not move, Estel!" urged Legolas' voice. Estel turned his head and found himself looking into the foaming jaws of a poisonous snake. Legolas had firm hold of the wriggling beast and as Estel watched in horrified fascination, the Elf squeezed the life out of it and flung it away with a disgusted exclamation. "It nearly bit you!" The agitation was clear on Legolas' face in the bright moonlight. Before he could think about it, Estel impulsively put a hand to the side of Legolas' head and kissed him full on the lips. Then he withdrew suddenly and looked down, hiding his embarrassment. The emotion in Legolas' eyes changed subtly. "Estel," he said in a gentle tone, and tried to get the young man to look at him. "Estel, is that what you want?" The man flushed even more deeply. "For I must tell you, Estel, that you are very attractive to me." Estel rolled over and hid his face in his hands, but Legolas would not let him retreat, putting an arm lightly round him from behind. "This is new to you, is it not, my friend?" Estel nodded, chagrined. "It would do me great honour, Estel, if you permitted me to be your tutor in this matter." Estel muttered something half-audible about fearing to disgust his teacher. Legolas laughed, and it was a glorious, seductive sound. "That is simply not possible!" He tugged Estel back to face him, and cajolingly lifted the barely-bearded chin. "Will you let me be your teacher, Estel- nín ?" Estel lifted grey eyes to meet the blue, and in his gaze the fear had been chased by hunger, and adoration outshone them all. "Yes," he said on a gasp. He closed his eyes trustingly, and parted his lips. -/-/-/-/-/ Elrohir of Rivendell knew well how to travel without sound in the woodlands. But that was not his intention as he entered the glade where two forms lay unmoving, indistinctly merged in a bundle of blankets. As he had hoped, Legolas was awakened, and disentangled himself carefully, joining Elrohir a short distance from the sleeping Estel. "I am glad to see you looking so much better than I expected," said Elrohir, handing Legolas a small vial. "Here is the antidote to the spider poison." "I thank you sincerely for your trouble," replied Legolas, "but there is no need for it. Estel healed me." "Indeed?" "With athelas ," Legolas informed him. Elrohir's brow creased in concern. "Is it he, Elrohir? Is he the one who is foretold?" Legolas put the question hesitantly, as if doubting his right to know the answer. "He does not know it himself yet," replied Elrohir. "Father will explain his birthright to him on his next birthday, and from there all will unfold as it must. But for the time being, secrecy is of the utmost importance." "As far as the world knows, I was healed by this vial you bring me," pledged Legolas. "You need have no fear that I would ever endanger him with a loose tongue." Elrohir smiled slyly, and looked up and down Legolas' naked form without heat. Legolas bore the scrutiny without embarrassment. "Have you seduced my brother, Legolas of Mirkwood?" asked Elrohir, his smile broadening. "Say rather he seduced me - with his innocence, his skilful hands, his gentle heart and his noble nature," replied Legolas. Elrohir raised an eyebrow and then clapped Legolas heartily on the shoulder. "He has you well trapped within his web, I see," he said, and he beamed brotherly approval. "My companion is setting up camp not far from here. We will leave you undisturbed till dawn." Legolas thanked him, and watched until he had disappeared back into the woods. Then he returned to where Estel still slept by the embers of their fire and, sighing contentedly, wrapped himself back into their cocoon. finis