mirror of water that did show him things he shouldn't see! That got the attention of the female elf that he now identified as Galadriel, back to him instantly. Seeing his fright she smiled reassuringly at him. He needed not to fear, she told him somehow. That she did now know thanks to him what was going on in her former home and that she did put no blame on him for this too. That she knew also that he hadn't wanted to be there at all and that he had not laid a single finger on their things left there. That she felt that Haleth was an honorable soul in need and wouldn't he do her a favor maybe in return? Now he was confused even more…what could he possibly do for her? She looked a long while just into his eyes before her voice sounded again in his mind. There was the ring he had seen she told him, Haleth nodded and assured her immediately that he would tell no one about it. It made her smile. She told him that she had never understood why she should leave it there before but that she now did… but this all did not concern him and Haleth just nodded. His quick mind already turning gears to make sense of her cryptic words at the same time what seem to amuse the elf lady much. A quick mind he had she told him and her musical laughter filled the young man's soul for a while and made him smile softly back at her what seem to make her smile even wider back at the human youth. That was part of her wish she told him, not to tell anyone and he nodded. That wish was easy to comply. This was not something that anyone had to know about. After all, the ring belonged to her and not to a human being. Another two elf's joined the others silently. One had jet black hair, the build of a warrior or a smith and eyes like fire. He was nodding sagely at Haleth's reply to Galadriel as if he had heard him too while the other one was pale, tall and golden as the two he had seen at Helms deep and looked like them, a third brother he mused? But Haleth shook it off, not his business. Her voice brought his attention back to Galadriel. Yes she told him the ring wasn't made for his people. The other part of her wish was to please go back into the hole he had hidden inside and to take the package hidden in the earth there and to bring it to her granddaughter, Arwen and her husband in Gondor as fast as he could if he would? And that she was fully aware that she was asking much of him. At that Haleth had not to think for long, he assured the elven lady that he would do so immediately with a smile. Already he thought about it from where he could get a new horse to do so as quickly as he could. Suddenly her voice sounded stern and urgent. Under no circumstances, she warned him, he should look at what was inside the pack! She looked sternly at him, it was too dangerous for him and that only Aragorn could handle it, Haleth gulped and swore in silence to never ever open that cursed package then. With that she released him from the spell that held him but not before the youngest looking from all the elves had told her something what made her smile and repeat it to Haleth in a tongue he could understand. If he still had the bow she asked and the youth nodded with a genuine smile, yes, he still had it and he showed it to them, warded as it was for protection from greedy eyes. Good she told him and that he should keep it with him, that he would need it in the future to come. If he would keep another thing out of his uncle's greedy hands for the one that she called Rumil? Haleth nodded. Sure he told her. Aware of it how odd the one called Rumil looked at him in the meanwhile the others seemed to tease him in their tongue. An armlet, she told Haleth, one like the one he was wearing. She pointed at the one Rumil wore on his bare left biceps and Haleth nodded in slight confusion. It looked like made of silver but he wasn't sure. She told him where he would find it and the connection dissolved. He was back in the clearing again, still under the nights moonbeams and his horse that seem to wink at him from out of the sky. Scratching his head Haleth finally shrugged and bend to search for the pack. Later he searched at the designed spot for the hidden armlet and found it inside a small wooden box with elvish runes carved onto it. Not knowing what else to do to hide it he put it on his own right shoulder and shrugged his leather tunic back over it to hide it from view. At that moment a strange vision came over the boy. He saw the elf now sitting on the deck of one of the ships from before. He was smiling at the boy with a strange fire in his blue eyes. The armlet on the elf's arm gleamed shortly in the moon's light. Whilst he unexpectedly blacked out, Haleth heard him whisper faintly in his overwrought mind. *We will take it all back, human child. We will take it all back and this time we will keep it, you will see. And even more, as it was promised to us from the Lords of the West. The Dark one will pay, as will all others too who aided him for their crimes against the Valar and the One themselves!* End of part one.