says Merry gently. "I'll speak to her, just in case, but I know she will." What he doesn't say is that Estella will understand precisely because she knows that she cannot understand. She's always been like that, seeing things in people that they fail to see in themselves. It's a perceptive ability on which Merry has always prided himself, yet this time she has clearly bested him. He takes another puff of his pipe, stunned that he didn't notice it sooner, that the Black Breath has blinded him to the most important aspect of the night between March the fourteenth and fifteenth: that Pippin has always needed the comfort and company as much as Merry has. "Fool of a Took," Merry says. "We can keep doing this every year until we're too old and gray to remember why. And then we'll just do it to celebrate Old Toby." Long, still silences are customary for these nights, but as Pippin's gaze fails to lighten, Merry wraps his right arm around his cousin's shoulders, and forehead to forehead they watch the moon sink below the trees. MARCH 14TH, 1438, SR "Winnie!" Estella cries to the young girl rolling in the grass. "You're covering your dress in mud." Winnie looks up but does not stand. "So?" Pippin throws his head back and laughs. "Like father, like daughter," he says, looking at Merry. Merry, a wry but secretly proud smile on his face, simply shakes his head. Winnie keeps rolling. Near her feet, two identical hobbit lasses toddle in circles around each other. Two young screams pierce the relative quiet of dusk, just before two hobbit lads emerge from the forest at a run. Pippin and Merry stiffen automatically as their sons slip into view, panting, trembling eyes wide. "What is it?" says Pippin, readying to stand. Faramir Took looks at his father with his hands in the air. "We heard it," he says, panting, pointing wildly behind him "in there." Merry's heart skips a beat. Absently, he rubs his right forearm to keep it warm. "What is it?" He looks at his own son, "What did you hear?" "We were standing under a tree…" Boromir begins. "On the road," says Faramir, "like you told us…" "…and we heard it…" "…the biggest…" "Owl!" they shout together. Merry and Pippin exhale. Diamond smothers laughter behind her hand. Fawn and Fiona Took reply by holding their hands in the air and shrieking. Fiona then runs to her father, leaving Fawn behind to suck on two fingers. "An owl!" cries Winnie, scrambling to her feet, "I wanna see, I wanna see!" "Well, hush then," says Estella, "and maybe we'll hear it call." What follows is the longest silence ever witnessed in the presence of Brandybuck and Took children. The adults raise their eyebrows at each other. Diamond takes another sip of her ale. Little Theo sits in Estella's lap, eating his mushed carrot, oblivious. Out of the darkness, they hear a single, distant hoot. Most of the children shriek and dive behind their parents for comfort. Diamond laughs heartily as Pippin tickles Faramir and a wrestling match threatens to disturb the contents of the picnic. Fawn watches, Fiona screams, Merry and Boromir make certain to move the basket of chicken out of the way. Theo spreads orange goo across his cheeks and forehead and blows a raspberry, gurgling in delight as bits of carrot fly everywhere. "Boys are crazy," says Winnie, rising. "Eowyn Brandybuck," says Estella, grasping the hem of her skirt. "You have finished rolling about in the muck. Now sit down while you still have all your clothes in one piece." Winnie sits next to her father, arms folded, scowling. Merry pats the top of her head and puts his arm around her. Not long into the night, after the twins have fallen asleep on the blanket, Estella gives Diamond a significant look, which she returns, unnoticed by Pippin but not by Merry. The two hobbit women rise, collecting what little remains of the food and ordering the elder children to help carry baskets. "Are you sure you don't need our help?" Merry asks. "Two of you and six of them?" Pippin says quietly to Diamond. "Oh, we're fine," says Estella. Diamond agrees. "After all," she points out as Boromir and Faramir stumble away with the majority of the empty baskets, "we're used to having two of us and eight of you. This will be a nice break, really." Pippin and Merry exchange looks, unsure whether to laugh or be offended. In the end they choose both. "Say goodnight to daddy," Estella says to the baby in her arms. The namesake of the late King of Rohan mashes bits of carrot into Merry's hair. "Why aren't they coming with us?" Winnie demands. "I wanna stay out too." "Daddy and Uncle Pippin stay out because this is a very important night for them," says Estella sharply. "It was very nice of them to share the first part of it with us. Now say good night and we'll go. Otherwise we won't do this next year." Winnie pouts, but picks up a basket, kisses her father on the cheek and reluctantly follows her mother home. Merry has a vision of her staring down the riders of Rohan, refusing to be left out of a battle. For the first time, he understands the real reason King Theoden had told them both no. Fawn slumbers peacefully in the crook of her mother's arm, but Fiona has woken up, and she buries her face in Pippin's shirt as he kisses her goodnight. They can see her eyes over Diamond's shoulder, watching them. "Da no go?" they hear her chirp. "Da no go?" "Da go later," they hear Diamond say, just before she too disappears into the darkness around the field and they are once again left alone with the stars and cicadas. Merry opens the only remaining basket and takes out two pipes and several pouches of Longbottom Leaf. END