and the future all in the same instant. What he showed you was what must be, not what is now. For we cannot make your King immortal, Legolas. It is not in the Great Song to change such things." Legolas nodded sadly. She turned troubled eyes on him. "Moreover you must know that my little StarMaiden will not be flung aside; indeed she will be greatly rewarded for her generosity of spirit. And Legolas," she added in a grave tone, "she will still be the mother of his line, make no mistake." Legolas nodded soberly once more. He did not ask otherwise. "And perhaps also mother of the line of Thranduilion," went on the Vala, caressing his shoulder lightly and smiling at Legolas' patent astonishment at the idea. "But how?" he started. "You must leave that to the Valar, little Elf. Fear not, we will manage all, and your World will learn to sanction, as we do. There are some loves for which even the plans of the Valar must be amended, and it seems this extraordinary Man has two of them." Legolas looked over at the dreaming face of the King to be. "He has a great heart," he said. "It can bear two loves within it." He lifted her hand to his lips and looked into the luminous eyes that were so like Arwen's. "I thank you for your great kindness, my Lady." She smiled and said, "When the time comes and my little Evenstar has taken her place in my sky, I will place the two of you there also, circling each other forever, and folk in future worlds will gaze upwards and name you The Lovers, wondering about your story." Then she drew back a little, joining Legolas' left hand to Aragorn's right. "Take your place now at his right hand, where you belong, little Elf," she said. She faded into nothingness, and with her the great balcony, so that they stood together in the midst of the sky, unfettered and together. Aragorn turned to Legolas, murmuring, "My 'Lasse - my love." And as they kissed amongst the stars, nigh swooning with joy, Legolas felt as if he were dissolving too, merging into Aragorn as if they would never be anything but one being again. /-/-/ Legolas opened his eyes to find both the stars and Aragorn were still there. "Ai, I have wakened you," said Aragorn, withdrawing his hand from its gentle exploration around the bandage on Legolas' shoulder. "It is still deep night, but I was having nightmares - I cannot recall about what, but they were terrible - so I came to see how you fare." "I too have been dreaming, Estel," said Legolas earnestly. "Oh, and Estel, what a dream it was, though I fear it was naught but wishes and delusion! I dreamed the Valar tested me, and even though I failed wretchedly, still they sanctioned our love." Aragorn smiled wistfully in the blackness. "That was a dream indeed, 'Lasse. Would that it could be so." He touched the shoulder again. "How does this feel?" "Comfortable enough." "I will look at it when dawn comes, then." "It is hours till dawn, and I will not sleep again. May I tell you the dream?" Aragorn paused. "Aye," he said. "I would greatly like to hear it." He settled himself with his back to a tree, and Legolas scrabbled into his arms, leaning back against the Ranger's shoulder before he could protest. Not that the Ranger was much inclined to do so. "I was caught up in a great storm," began Legolas. And so he told Aragorn the whole tale, sparing no detail, not even to save his own blushes. When he came at last to the end, Aragorn leaned his cheek against the beloved yellow head, and said again with a sigh, "Would that it could be so." Legolas looked up at the fading stars. "Do you suppose if we pray hard enough to Elbereth, she might make it come true?" he mused. "Estel, you have been crushing my left hand for the past fifteen minutes." "Sorry," said Aragorn, loosing it, but just a little. He too looked at the sky and sent a silent petition to Elbereth. "Dawn is coming," he observed unhappily. "I should look at your wound." Legolas reluctantly let himself be pushed off Aragorn's chest, and then suffered his shoulder to be inspected. "It is healing well," Aragorn told him, running his fingers idly down Legolas' bare left arm. "'Lasse, what is this?" All the way round Legolas' left wrist, like a bracelet, there was a vivid scar. "But Elves do not scar…" said Aragorn slowly. He could not keep the hope out of his voice. "Legolas, could it be? It must be a sign from the Valar…" "My dream was true! Estel, it is a sign my dream was true!" Legolas felt like shouting and jumping and running. Unable to hold still, he leapt to his feet and sprinted to the top of the rocky outcrop that guarded their camp, followed closely by a laughing Aragorn. From their high perch, they could see the sun just beginning to rise in the East, casting new light on the land whose fate still lay trembling so much in the balance. Suddenly serious, Legolas turned to Aragorn and said, "It is also a reminder from the Valar, I think." "Of what?" "That I may be Firstborn, but I am not invulnerable." Aragorn understood immediately. "For our sake, and also for Arwen's," Legolas said solemnly, "I swear to you I will throw myself into no unnecessary danger from now on." Aragorn caressed the Elf's face tenderly. "For our sake and hers," he replied, agreement and promise in one. And he pulled Legolas into a passionate kiss. In the camp, Gandalf puffed at his first pipe of the day and looked up to see the embracing lovers silhouetted against the rising sun. "Well done, Irmo," he muttered, pleased. "Very well done." finis