he knew would not be answered. 'There are no certainties in life.' Galadriel continued. She was looking fondly at Legolas still, but seemed to be directing her speech at Aragorn. 'You must take what each new day brings, and there is nothing that can be done to change the past. I do not see what the future will bring you all, but I know that if you trust in each other, if you have faith in yourselves and hold hope in your heart, the dawn will always come, even after the longest, darkest night.' Then stepping forwards, Galadriel took Legolas' face in her hands and kissed him gently on the forehead as the two of them became engulfed in a cool white glow. 'You are loved my child, loved and needed. Take comfort from your friends, from your kin.' The lady told him. 'Take comfort from me.' And as she spoke a great wind whipped up between them, lifting their hair and fine clothing as the glow became so bright that Aragorn had to shield his eyes, then look away. Then suddenly it disappeared as, quickly as it had come and Legolas dropped to his knees before them. Haldir looked in amazement at Legolas, then Galadriel who trembled and gasped from the powerful spell. Never before had he known of such magicks being used to aid an outsider. Elf or no, Legolas was not of Lothlorien and it gradually began to dawn on him just how important this fellowship was to all their fates. 'My lady?' He said quietly, bowing reverently before her. 'Can I assist you?' Galadriel smiled, struggling to regain her composure. 'No, Haldir. But you and Aragorn may aid Legolas. He is weakened and needs to rest. Take him back to his companions for he needs them more than he needs me now. All will be well.' And stroking Legolas' ashen head tenderly, she turned and disappeared back into the darkness of the forest from where she had come. Aragorn stood in stunned silence, watching the Lady of light leave them before he was snapped out of his thoughts by the sound of Legolas weeping as he curled up onto the floor of the forest. Running over, he knelt down next to the Elf, quickly followed by Haldir whose expression clearly showed that he was just as stunned by what they had witnessed. 'Legolas?' Aragorn said, gently taking the Elf's arm, brushing the silken hair from his face. 'Legolas, please. Speak to me.' 'He is not able, Aragorn. Haldir said quietly, shaking his head. 'We have been witness to something that has not been done in a thousand or more years. My Lady Galadriel has given of her light to heal his broken heart. He does not weep in pain or sorrow, but from the beauty and love he has shared with her. She has given him his hope back. Who would not weep? Now come, let us return to your friends. They will be concerned at your absence.' Aragorn stared at Haldir, then back at Legolas. He thought he knew all the wonders of Elven kind, but how wrong he had been. And his own heart swelled with wonder and love for his adopted people. 'I cannot thank you enough, Haldir.' The Elf smiled. 'No need for thanks, Aragorn. Legolas is one of our own and his fate is all our fates. What had to be done was done.' And between them, they picked up the dazed and weeping Elf and walked him back through the dark forest and into to the wondrous realm of Lothlorien. Aragorn woke early the next morning with beautiful golden light streaming through the trees and birdsong floating of the gentle breeze. Never had he slept so soundly and felt so refreshed on waking. Looking over he saw all his companions still sleeping peacefully, all except for Legolas who had gone from where he and Haldir had left him to rest for the night. Getting to his feet, Aragorn quietly left their sleeping chamber and went out into the glorious morning sunlight. Birdsong filled the air and the softest of breezes rustled the fragrant branches of the great trees surrounding Lorien. Aragorn felt his heart fill with joy. If a place as beautiful as Lothlorien could exist, there was surely hope that all could be saved. Their quest was worthy and they would succeed, if only he could truly believe that. 'Beautiful, is it not?' Came a voice suddenly beside him. And the Man turned to find Legolas standing beside him, smiling peacefully. Aragorn smiled and clapped Legolas on the shoulder happily. 'My friend, it is good to see you smile again.' Legolas nodded. 'It is good to be able to smile again.' He told the Man, and then he turned to look at his friend, his face serious once more. 'I might have perished, alone in that forest last night, Estel.' Aragorn nodded grimly in agreement. 'I am sorry, Legolas. Sorry I did not see your suffering.' 'No,' Legolas replied. 'You have nothing to be sorry for. It is I who should be sorry, I gave up hope, I saw nothing but darkness. It is... difficult for Elves to understand death, and losing Gandalf was... was a loss greater than I have ever known. I want to thank you for coming to my aid.' Aragorn smiled sadly and patted Legolas the Elf gently on the shoulder. 'If I could take back what happened, I would. I'd give anything to have Gandalf back with us... I miss his guidance, his wisdom... His friendship. I fear I cannot lead this fellowship alone, Legolas.' The Elf smiled and turned to his friend, and for the first time Aragorn saw the ages of Legolas' long, long life reflected in his seemingly youthful eyes. And as he turned and walked away, back to the fellowship, he called out, 'Have hope, Estel. Have hope. You are not alone. And besides, Wizards are not all they seem.'