old return to Gondor. Only this way I can be certain that not another one like that one will ever rule Gondor again in their stead and it will make sure that your line will never abuse of their Steward role ever again. Long I have waited for one of your mighty line to slip! One, worthy enough to be kept, that is. The most were just plain boring, cruel or uneducated fools, like you before. Well, if you leave out your Lord father, he was one of the very few that even I could like but I couldn't sway him no matter what I tried and trust me; try a several times, I did! But those two children of yours…I wonder how you could father such children….must have taken after their mother what wouldn't be a wonder since she was a princess from the line of my Allies…" He did not seem to see or hear the angry scream of rage of the Steward on the other side of the mirror. "However, they are mine now and so it shall stay. Rage as all as you want, you know my borders are enchanted and the wood is still full of the foul things that Sauron left behind when we drove him out, if you ever make it past the barrier that is. Not even Elrond Halfelven dares it against my will to come here. Being one of the more tolerable ones of his kin, which he is besides being my friend and Ally in this punishment of your line too. But be content, Denethor of Gondor, it seems Boromir found someone here who holds his interest, as soon you will learn…although I wonder about it how You will like him… I rather bet that you will not. He certainly does not like you much, as far as I know it. What is not such a wonder since Elrond is raising him as his son in Rivendell. Young Faramir, I will keep him here in Greenwood with me I think. My son loves him already that much I could see and the child will be pleasant to have around here. He has gentle soul that you have nearly destroyed in your madness to rebuild yourself in your children, and he will make a fine friend for my Ion in the future. Farewell!" With that, the mirror suddenly changed until it only reflected back the shocked guards and their furious and raving Lord. No longer could they see into the rooms of the Elven King of the great and enchanted Greenwood in the North. That no longer any man dared to step a foot into since the debacle ages past. Gondorian were shot on sight and then feed to the gigantic spiders of the enchanted wood. Only the Horse Lords could still use the old Forrest route until today. Inside a big room inside the underground residence of the King, two small forms cuddled together inside a big bed under a thick mass of lush blankets. A fire in the fireplace warmed up the beautiful room filled with many wondrous toys and even a few bookshelves leaning on one wall. Faramir never had felt so warm and contend before in his life. He even saw his big brother again! The young boy was currently as happy as one could be. Boromir had tucked them both into the bed and than he had gone out with that friend of him whom he had called Estel. Faramir had decided that he liked that Estel friend of his big brother, the man had laughed a lot and had even played a little with Legolas and Faramir together with two stunningly beautiful male Elves who had looked like mirror images of each other. He now even had a new friend of the Elven race that he could keep and no one was telling Faramir anymore not to play or to read if he wished it! Beside him, the Elven child watched the dozing off Faramir with adoration in his eyes. The more he knew of Faramir the more little Legolas liked him. And his grown up friends, Estel of Imladris and his two adopted Brothers seem to like the little Brother of Boromir too. Legolas only ever had adults to play within the past. Now he had a friend around his age to make mischief with and he was very happy about that. He liked the loud Boromir, who in the beginning had much trouble to adjust, but since he had become close to Estel he had changed to a person Legolas could like. In addition, he doted on his new friend, a plus in the little Elf's mind. He was much older as he looked, short from growing in the fashion of his kin. At least he could grow up with Faramir in a nearly even manner instead to stay little when the human grew up more. Suddenly Legolas got up and looked down at the slightly startled Faramir. "Whut?" Legolas just grinned. "I just had a splendid idea, Faramir!" The other gave him a bleary look. "Can I keep you with me when we are grown up? Like Estel has your brother I mean?" Faramir gazed up at the Elven Prince in confusion. Estel and his big brother had a relationship that much his tired mind had found out. They looked clearly happy and besotted with each other. He shortly wondered how it was to have someone there who loved you for just being who you are…he liked Legolas, a big deal. The child nodded. "Sure! I think I would like that!" He told Legolas who promptly beamed down at Faramir and tugged the covers up around the other child to then lie down again and take Faramir into his small arms to hold him. "Then I will keep you with me for forever!" With that, the green eyes lost their awareness and the elven child joined his new friend into sleep. Suryallee