know Smaug's kittens, and maybe take one back to your apartments with you when they are old enough." Aragorn mentally resigned himself to Eldarion's acquisition of one of Smaug's many kittens, as his disloyal Steward chuckled. "Just remember, Fara-nin, you will have a child of your own soon enough," Aragorn warned, "and I could breed Wreck or Ruin, and give her a puppy." "Only if Eomer does not beat you to it." Faramir said, his eyes laughing. "True enough." Aragorn conceded, as Eldarion asked Faramir, "Fara, what do you hope Adar Rhiw will bring for you?" "Ahh..." Faramir was struck momentarily speechless, Aragorn noted with amusement. It was quite a feat, though this wasn't the first time Eldarion had managed it. "I'm not sure, Eldarion." The Prince of Ithilien answered honestly. "Uncle Elladan says one should think about these things ahead of time, and let Adar Rhiw know." Eldarion explained helpfully, turning back to explain to Elrohir again why Eldarion himself would make a very good custodian for a kitten. "Does your answer indicate that you don't know how to ask Adar Rhiw to package a long-term peace on your hostile border, or something else, tithen-gwador?" Pressed Aragorn gently, keeping Faramir back as the rest of their party proceeded into the warmth of the Citadel. Faramir's gray eyes met Aragorn's in shared worry, "Mostly the first, iaur gwador." Faramir tried to shake off his worry, and lighten the mood, "Though I don't know as I shall be on Adar Rhiw's good list, as much as I was in your bad graces this year." Aragorn chuckled and clapped Faramir gently on the back. "You need have no fear on that count, Faramir-nin. I told you when last we spoke of the matter that I had forgiven you for being excessively assiduous and cursedly reckless in defense of your people, and I know for a fact that Adar Rhiw has not forgotten you." In fact, Aragorn knew that Arwen had enlisted Nessa's and Eowyn's help to commission a lap-harp that was large enough to produce an acceptable sound, but small enough to make the journey back and forth between Ithilien and Minas Tirith easily enough. "Oh?" Faramir questioned, not quite immune to a child-like curiosity, and even less so to a desire to tease his friend and King in turn, "Are you and Adar-Rhiw on good terms, then?" Grinning, Aragorn teased back, "Of course, tithen-nin. We edair have a special relationship with Adar Rhiw, after all." Faramir looked toward Eldarion, visible through the long windows as he bravely went to rescue his mother from a repetitive courtier. "Your son is wonderfully perceptive and kind for his age, Aragorn mellon nin. You must be very proud." "I am, and I love him well." Aragorn agreed, choosing his words very carefully, "But that does not mean I could not love another, just as well." Faramir drew back as if stung, and Aragorn sighed. But he also noted his young friend's eyes moving fleetingly in Eowyn's direction, and a tinge of gratitude in Faramir's eyes as he noted that the White Lady was not present. Twice, Faramir had refused the honor of being adopted into Aragorn's family, as an adult heir of the King's and Queen's, junior to any other heirs of their body, but regent by right after Arwen for any underage sibling who inherited the throne. Once before Eldarion's birth, and once since. Refused on the grounds that Faramir would not be an usurper, and that the Steward as an heir of the King's was too much power for any one man. Faramir's looking to see where Eowyn was told Aragorn that Eowyn had come to disagree with Faramir's continued refusals. Aragorn couldn't use that, yet. But it was useful information, in this dance of love and limits that he and Faramir were continuing. At length, Faramir replied softly, "I thought you had said you would not bring that up, again." Aragorn smiled tolerantly, "I didn't, Faramir. You did. I only meant that I would welcome future children, after Eldarion's asking Adar Rhiw for a brother." Aragorn paused as Faramir looked at him disbelievingly, then proposed, "Perhaps, my dear young Steward, you have a guilty conscience, for as my son, I could order to drink something which would ensure sleep tonight. But, as you have taken great pains to point out, you are not my son, so I have not that right." Faramir looked away uncomfortably, but did not say again resentfully that Aragorn was not his father and had no right to comment on his sleeping habits, or lack thereof. Aragorn supposed this was progress. At length, Faramir offered, "I'll take something, tomorrow. If I'm still having trouble sleeping. Sometimes on the eve of Yule I have visions. I wouldn't want to miss one, if its important." Aragorn nodded, aware that this was as good as he was going to get, and pleased to have gotten even that much agreement. Faramir could be difficult, but he would do as he said he would, barring unforeseen developments, like another invasion of Ithilien. Aragorn paused a moment outside, after Faramir had bid him a rather stiff farewell. The King paused to ask Eru and the Valar to protect his son, and his son of the heart. And to hope that the Fourth Age would see their hopes realized, rather than their fears. *Additional A/N: Faramir's explanation about Lindon also having been a city on the Isle of Balar is not canon. It is something I made up for the DH AU, to explain an arguable inconsistency in canon, where certain elves (including Galadriel and Celeborn) were in Lindon during the end of the First Age, but elsewhere it is stated that Lindon was founded by Gil-Galad in Year 1 or Year 2 of the Second Age. Please review if you feel so inclined! I absolutely love to find out when people enjoy my work, it is so very encouraging. Happy Holidays to all! 10