of his eyes. Megan grinned when she followed her friend's gaze to the Elf. Boromir was talking with his brother, and Eowyn had taken her leave of the two to speak with her own brother. Megan allowed her mind to drift, thinking first on the clothes they had been given. Both teens wore white gowns, more elaborate than the ones given them after the battle outside the citadel. Small beads and gems decorated the light cloth to make the shape of the white tree. Kara's varied from Meg's only in that hers was longer and the sleeves billowed outward. As Megan pondered, a thought crossed her mind that she tried to push away lest it dampen her good mood. However, the thought persisted, and she found herself considering her life here, and whether or not she wanted to return home were they to find a way. "What do you think we'd be doing if we never came here?" Megan asked suddenly. "What do you think our families are doing now?" "Are you saying you miss your family?" Kara asked with a sly smirk. "No," Megan answered - too quickly. "I just wonder... I just wish I could have said goodbye, or tell them why I left. I wish I knew why we left." "Maybe we were supposed to do something," Kara replied, feeling kind of stupid. "I don't know what... But still..." "Yeah but the outcome was the same," Meg informed her. "We only saved like a couple of lives." "Try a couple hundred," the taller teen said. "Well yeah, true." They both heard music start up and Megan grinned. "I want to dance." Kara grinned back and they both stood, moving to the music as they had at Kara's house before they'd arrived in the mines. Meg amused everybody with her disco routine, but Kara was a bit less enthusiastic, due to her still healing wound. They danced for a bit, closing their eyes and grinning stupidly. A flash thought of home crossed both of their minds as they danced. Legolas watched in shock as the forms of the dancing girls began to fade, until they were no longer there. He ran forward in hopes of catching some last glimpse of Kara, but she had faded too quickly. Boromir hadn't noticed at first, but when he heard Legolas' anguished cry he looked over and saw that Megan and Kara had both vanished. Everyone stopped dancing as they heard that they had disappeared. Aragorn moved towards Legolas, holding the Elf as he fell to the floor. Boromir was staring blankly at the spot in which both teens had stood. It was inconceivable, the fact that they had vanished just like that. Kara opened her eyes when she heard Dashboard Confessional playing on her stereo. She stared at the room that she had thought she would never see again. The computer was set to screen saver, but other than that, and the light filtering through the window, nothing was different. She looked at Megan, still dancing disco style. Kara smacked Megan's arm to get her to stop. Megan opened her eyes and they promptly widened further than Kara had ever seen them go. "Was it a dream?" Kara asked. "I really hope to God it wasn't," Megan replied. "And I told you that time stopped." "But time didn't stop," Kara argued. "The song is on number twelve, and we were on number one when we left. And besides, it's totally dark out. It was only like dusk out… Wasn't it?" "We have to get back…" Megan started. "I want to be…" "With Boromir?" Kara finished. Megan didn't answer. "I want to be with Legolas too." All of a sudden thought struck Kara. "Oh shit!" she cried. "What?" "Legolas was in love with me wasn't he?" "Oh man… We have to get back," Megan replied. "I know! Okay think, what did we do both here and there that made us leave?" "Uh, close our eyes," the redhead said. "Okay so let's do that," Kara told her. They did, and Kara spoke again. "What else did we do?" "Well… We… Um… We sang," Megan offered. "No we didn't." "Well we hummed." "Okay, so what else?" Kara thought hard. "We also were listening to music," she added. "Okay so let's try that." They both began humming and dancing, eyes closed tightly as they did so. After a moment they opened their eyes, but felt their hearts drop when they realized they were still home. Kara sat dully in her computer chair, then jumped as she felt her stomach wound jolt slightly. She pressed her hand there and felt the stitches through the cool fabric of her gown. She glanced at Megan and noticed that she still wore her own gown. "Well at least we know it wasn't a dream," Kara muttered. "But why didn't it work?" Megan demanded. Kara shrugged and put her head in her hands. Legolas was going to die and it was all her fault. They waited for a bit, then Megan made a thoughtful noise. "Maybe we were too anxious or something." "Huh?" "Maybe we were too worried about them to be able to really think about going back," the redhead clarified. "Do you… Do you think that if we try again when we're calm we'll be able to make it back?" "I don't know," Megan murmured. "But we can try right?" Kara nodded, slightly comforted by this thought. They would make it back, she was sure of it. But they wouldn't be able to yet. Besides, she missed her family and wanted to see them again. And despite all of Megan's bitter protests she knew the redhead missed her family as well. The two stayed awake late into the night, dancing and singing with their eyes closed, trying their hardest to stay calm on the matter. Finally they fell onto their separate beds, exhausted from the effort. "We'll never get back," Megan muttered in despair. Tbc… (dun dun dun……)