Strider sighed and reached his hand across the space that separated them, resting it on Faramir's forearm. "I am only a man, Faramir," he said. "A human male. And, as you surmise, I am one who can and does take delight in other men. But you must know that I pledged my heart long ago to one who is neither human nor male. At the End of Days, she and I will be together forever." He paused, then continued grimly, "There are times when I think it will not happen before the End of Days. Our union is hedged around with so many obstacles… In any case, what I must tell you is that this Lady is as wise as she is generous. Knowing that I am but a male and a human, she refuses to bind my body in promises, but stipulates only two things: that she is ever to be Queen in my heart as I am King in hers, and that I am to beget no children to sully our line. And now, I think, after that confession, you will want nothing more to do with me." He made to withdraw his hand, but Faramir captured it. "You will beget no children with me," he said. He could make his meaning no plainer, and he was rewarded in an instant. Strider's reply was not more words, but one fast, hot hand lifting Faramir's tunic, and another taking uncompromising possession of the front of his breeches. Faramir let out a happy moan and surrendered to the older man's skilled hands and experienced mouth. A wave of pleasure washed through him so strongly he could barely think, and it was not until minutes later that he gathered himself enough to make a feeble attempt to grasp at Strider and reciprocate. He found his hand brushed away from other's placket. "Later," said Strider, indistinctly, and returned to driving Faramir's wits from him with hot wetness around his organ. Within a very short time, Faramir's world exploded. He took two or three long breaths, then sat up grinning and said, "My turn now!" and pulled Strider close, arranging him upon his knees immediately in front for best access with hands and mouth to the already rampant organ. "How is your leg?" asked Strider. "Fine - my leg is fine," replied Faramir impatiently, as he made short work of the laces of Strider's breeches. He heard Strider laugh aloud in surprise and joy at his eagerness. Faramir liked that sound very much, and was proud to show the other man that he, too, was no novice and no fumbler. Soon the laughter turned to panting, and Faramir's name, and the names of the Valar, and at last, to Faramir's great joy, a long incoherent wail, like to a wolf-howl, as the quiet, self-contained Dúnadan lost himself in bliss for a precious moment. Strider slumped to his side. "Yes?" Faramir asked. "Yes. Oh, yes," Strider replied, and the gleam of his grin shone in the darkness. He took himself out to the stream on slightly shaky legs, returning a minute later to make both of them comfortable and decent. "Do you think you can sleep?" he asked Faramir. It was an unnecessary question; the younger man was yawning already. When dawn crept into their ravine, it found Strider looking down thoughtfully upon Faramir's sleeping face. Deftly he substituted his rolled-up cloak for his own arm, which had been serving as Faramir's pillow, and then he stood and stretched to meet the new day. The cliff was not difficult for an able-bodied man to climb, but it would present some considerable problems for his companion. And though Strider was confident that they would reach Minas Tirith eventually, for he could carry Faramir all the way if need be, this turn of events would slow them down by several days. When he reached the top, the Ranger looked keenly all about him for the errant horse, but Anardil was nowhere to be seen. An idea struck Strider: he whistled the distinctive birdcall he remembered from Henneth Annun. He was rewarded upon the third try, as Anardil sidled warily out of a nearby copse. Strider smiled and spoke gently to the beast, luring him closer until he permitted his nose to be petted and his withers scratched. The man carefully relieved the beast of reins and tackle, which were long and strong, and would serve well to help get Faramir up the cliff. Then he tied Anardil to a tree, all the while giving him a low-pitched but severe talking-to on the subject of the incorrigible matchmaking of horses. Anardil merely whickered, as if laughing at him, and permitted the familiarity. Half an hour of strenuous effort later and Faramir was back in the saddle with Strider alongside. Were it not for the crude splint at the younger man's ankle, it might almost seem as if the whole thing had never happened. With Anardil's assistance they reached the edge of the Pelennor Fields, outside Minas Tirith, at sundown. Strider put his hand upon the horse's bridle. "This is where I must leave you," he said. Faramir turned to him in surprise. "You will not come to Minas Tirith and speak with the Steward?" he asked. Strider was gazing at the white terraced city, glowing orange-tinted like a faceted jewel in the sunset. "It is very beautiful," he said, and there was longing in his voice. "But it is not yet time." Faramir did not understand but he did not argue. "You will have that army at your back some day, Strider," he said. "I know it. And when you do, call me and I will come." Strider smiled and, reaching up, pulled the younger man's face to him for a kiss on the forehead. "I will, never fear," he said. And then, without a backward glance at man or city, the stranger strode determinedly off on his solitary path. finis My full ficlist is at ..