you believe a word of it?" Adanel looked nonplussed, but before she could answer the two women were interrupted by the approaching of Findroch, the Ranger captain most vocal in his opposition to Adanel's claim to leadership. He nodded briefly to Ivorwen before giving a deep bow to her companion, fist clenched tightly over his heart. "My sword is yours, my lady," he spoke the words that all Rangers swore in oaths to their Chieftain—oaths that Ivorwen knew the dissenting captains had yet to utter to Adanel herself. His eyes were dark with a grim respect, and Adanel met them with her own measuring gaze. "I accept it, gladly," Adanel held out her hand, and Findroch kissed it gently. "May we work well together in the days to come." She waited until Findroch was well out of earshot before she turned back to Ivorwen. "It does not matter if I believed it. It served its purpose." "It would appear so," Ivorwen said, fighting to hide her astonishment. She would not have believed that Adanel's words would be enough to sway her opposition, though she supposed it was better not to question such things. Adanel sighed. "In truth, Ivorwen, I no longer know what I believe. I know what it is the people need to hear—the difficulty is taking such words into my own heart. Will the Dúnedain endure? That I trust completely. I would not take up the mantle of leadership otherwise. Can we defeat the shadow that has been cast over us all? Of that I am less certain." She looked up, haunted. "Can a mother ever move forward from the death of her child?" Ivorwen froze at the question. "You never get over it," she said softly. "Not truly." "Well, with that we have something in common," Adanel stared at the table as if transfixed. "I watched my own mother fall to pieces after the death of my brother, and I…I never understood it. Not until now." Ivorwen clenched her hands tightly in her lap. "My mother named me for one of the Wise-women of old," she continued, her voice barely a murmur. "Adanel of the house of Bëor. I have been reading her histories as of late, whenever I have a moment to myself, trying to find some insight, some clarity. The Wise-women of old…they carried the lore and histories of the ancient Houses, not least the weight of the Shadow, and people looked to them for guidance. But I wonder, now—who did the Wise-women look to for comfort? Who did they ask when they could not find answers to their questions?" A great roar went up from the crowd beyond, and Ivorwen glanced over the table just in time to see Brécharn standing on a table near the fire, twirling a pair of apple garlands above his head before tossing them out to the young women below. "Perhaps they sought counsel with each other," Ivorwen said carefully. "With those who could understand and share their burdens." Adanel gave a soft chuckle, almost to herself. "Perhaps they did. Perhaps they did…" She trailed off, then looked up at Ivorwen sharply. "You have the gift of foresight, do you not?" "I do," Ivorwen answered. "Did you know my son would meet an early death?" Ivorwen fought to keep her expression neutral. She had never told anyone beyond her husband and her son of her dreams regarding Arathorn. "I did. I did long before he married Gilraen." "A hard lot indeed, to pass on to one's daughter," Adanel said, "and a heavy burden to carry." Ivorwen took another sip of wine. "A burden, but a blessing too—it always has been both. Our lives are never shaped by tragedy alone." Adanel snorted. "Tell that to Túrin Turambar." Ivorwen let out a bleak laugh, and the two women fell back into silence. "I dreamt of Aragorn, too, Adanel. Do you remember what I said, at his naming day?" Adanel nodded slowly. "'He shall be a healer and a renewer.' I do not think any of us who were there are likely to forget that moment." "Sometimes that vision is all that keeps me going," Ivorwen said, "it was so clear to me that day, and even as it fades from memory I cling to it with the hope of a child. If what I saw will come to pass, then our sons have not suffered and died in vain. I…I need to believe that." "Yes," Adanel whispered. "Yes, we could all stand to believe that." She gave Ivorwen a long, measuring look. "I cannot pretend to understand the weight of foresight, daughter of Gilbarard. Still, perhaps we ought to trust each other more, you and I. Perhaps we ought to take counsel together, as did the Wise-women of old." There were so few things in her life that Ivorwen could count on with certainty—a half-remembered vision, her grandchildren's love, the solid warmth of Dírhael's presence. She did not know if she trusted herself enough to confide in Adanel, whose company she never would have sought if not for the union between their children. But if she could not trust her Chieftain, who else could she? "Yes," she said, "I think perhaps we should." Another Ranger captain approached the women, and Adanel turned to him as he gave a brief bow and repeated the words Findroch had spoken just moments before. Adanel asked after the man's children, and as they talked Ivorwen started out once more at the bonfire, the sparks flying higher into the night sky. It would be a hard road, the years ahead, with the shadow of their losses dogging their every step. Winter would come and the memories of this night would fade, and every choice they made would be questioned. But for the first time since her daughter left for Rivendell, Ivorwen had a faith that extended beyond her desperate hopes for her grandson. The Dúnedain would endure, and the wise would take care of their own.