dear husband's son. "Please don't deprive us of the right to have you in our family merely because of such distant fears! I must endure being Queen, and so many other things that I did not wish, because I love Aragorn and it is his fate, but please, please, do not make me give up having you acknowledged as my child. I could not bear it!" Arwen Undomiel got her way for the second time that day, as her husband's son was again, unable to deny her wish. "I..if that is your wish, Arwen." Faramir conceded helplessly. "And yours, Sire?" He asked, looking to his father, clearly overwhelmed. "It is." Aragorn confirmed. "You are mine, as son as well as Steward. It would be my great sorrow not to be able to claim you as such openly." Faramir nodded, accepting an embrace from the King his father, as Arwen turned to hug her daughter-by-law. The twins as well looked to Faramir and Eowyn with a new gleam of possessiveness in their eyes, for they were fond of both light-haired humans. "I don't know what to call you now," Faramir complained lightly to his father. "It seems disrespectful to call you by name, but you frown whenever I call you Sire or King." Aragorn smiled, Faramir's abrupt honesty when inebriated had amused him even long he knew that the youth was his son. "You may continue to call me Estel or Aragorn, my son. It would be my honor to have you call me father, but only when, and if, you find yourself ready. I can bear with it if you must call me formally in public, but do so in private, and I'll be vexed with you." Faramir nodded, the swirling emotion of the day and the brandy making him feel sick. "I think we should get you to bed, child of mine." The King commented, noting the sudden green tone to his son's skin. "Elladan, could you mix up a hangover cure for Faramir? I'd prefer he not be indisposed half the day tomorrow, as it is partly my fault he is drunk anyway, and I plan to announce publicly that he is my son at the event tomorrow night." Faramir groaned. "Tomorrow, Aragorn?" He asked pitifully. "We have so much to do before then..." "Don't fret, it shall get done." The King consoled, gently pulling his son to his feet, as Eowyn supported Faramir on the other side. Together, King and White Lady assisted the unsteady Prince of Ithilien to the Steward's quarters on the other side of the citadel. "I think I shall prevail upon you to accept Arwen's offer of rooms in the royal wing, husband." Eowyn murmured. "This walk is entirely too long, and was, even before tonight's revelations." "I am sorry to cause such trouble for you," Faramir again apologized to the King, "If I had known you were Thorongil, I would not have told you." Aragorn laughed in relief. "Then I am glad you did not know." He scolded. "For I would have found out at some point, and then I would have been wroth with you for keeping a son from me, dear though you were already as my Steward and friend." "Would Legolas have recognized the name Thorongil as one of yours?" Eowyn asked as they helped Faramir into bed. "Aye," Aragorn answered. "He knew me then, and would have known." "It may be lucky indeed that he stayed later at home then." The white lady noted, "For he would have told Faramir, and Faramir would have been noble and foolish, and you would have had to punish them both again." The King shook his head. "Legolas is an elf. I like to think he would not have been so foolish as to keep a child from me, but Faramir can be uncommonly persuasive, when he thinks his loved ones are at risk." So it was that the King of Gondor announced at the Harvest Festival two joyous tidings. The first, that his wife the Queen Arwen was pregnant, and would bear him a new son and heir in the coming year. The second, that Faramir, Steward of Gondor and Prince of Ithilien, was in truth the King Elessar's eldest son by the Lady Finduilas, and would stand as the King's heir until the birth of the new Prince, and then in the succession following any children of Elessar and Arwen. There was general rejoicing, for the people loved Faramir, and were coming to love the King as well, and all thought it was a fine thing to have the steadfast young Steward in the succession. The public explanation for this extraordinary revelation was that Denethor was unable to have a child with Finduilas (for it was true, even if not the entire truth, for one cannot get a woman with child if one chooses not to). Therefore, Ecthelion had asked Finduilas to have a child by Thorongil. Those who remembered the wily old Steward Ecthelion agreed that it was exactly like something that practical leader might have done. Aragorn and Arwen were delighted to have two such wonderful grown children. Faramir and Eowyn were mostly delighted. Both loved their new parents, and their baby brother Eldarion, to distraction. Faramir felt, becoming the big brother and protector to 'Darion, as if Boromir would very much approve. However, Eowyn and particularly Faramir found it difficult to adjust to the new constraints Faramir's acknowledgment as the son of the King of Gondor and Arnor put on their lives. Faramir in particular made a habit of "forgetting" to let the King's guards know when he was leaving the citadel, until Aragorn took him to task for it, at which point the Steward largely bowed to that unfortunate necessity. There were other adjustments, as Faramir was unaccustomed to having a father in his King. But both father and son were by and large happy to have one another as family, as well as good friends.