blue eyes shining in the misty light. 'Yes, that is us!' Gimli relplied, climbing to his feet. 'You have news of Legolas?' The Elf nodded and patted the Dwarf on the top of his head. 'Your friend asks for you.' And she lead them from the flet, down the stairway that had been built around the trunk of the huge old silver barked tree and across the floor of the forest to a small wooden built building. Elves watched them with beautiful shining eyes as they follwed the Elf princess. 'Is Legolas alright?' Gimli asked as they stopped at the building's entrance. 'Is he in pain still? I cannot stand to see him in agony again.' 'Do not fret, Dwarf. You friend will be well again. All he needs now is rest. My father, Lord Ulther has many healing skills. Your friend is lucky that he lived long enough for us to find you.' 'Lucky indeed! I tried my best to keep him alive in the hopes that we would find Elves.' Aragorn agreed and he bowed to the Elven maiden. 'Many thanks to you and your people.' 'Many thanks to you and your bravery, Aragorn and Gimli. You hold all our safety in your hands. It saddens us greatly that we can only repay you with such a small kindness.' The Elf told them and she leant forwards and kissed both of them softly of the forhead. 'Now go... Go and see your friend. He has called for you many times.' And she opened the door and let the pair inside. It was very quiet inside the small building, and lit by only a fire and a few lamps on the walls. But it was dry and warm and fragrant herbs smoked in small dishes all around. Aragorn and Gimli looked at each other in wonder at the beauty of the decoration inside, the intricate filligree of the wooden carvings above the fireplace and windows and the rich, fine weave fabric that hung all around the huge carved bed in the centre of the room. In the bed was Legolas, lying asleep, propped up by soft cushions filled with the shed feathers of owls. He was very pale still, but he had been cleaned of any dirt and blood that had stained his perfect flesh, and a healing balm applied to his cracked and bitten lips. He was unclothed but covered with a silvery blanket, and his injured leg, which was heavilly bound with a fine gauzy wrapping, was uncovered and supported by more cushions. He looked terribly sick still, but not dying. And best of all, he looked like the pain had left him. The frown had disappeared from his brow and he looked peaceful once more. 'Thank the stars.' Aragorn sighed softly, sitting in one of the chairs left beside the bed. Gimli took the other. 'He looks better, don't you think Aragorn?' Gimli said. Watching the Elf's face intently. 'Yes, he looks much better.' The Ranger replied, smiling broadly. 'And he is awake and listening to us... Aren't you Legolas?' The Elf's dark blue eyes opened slowly and he smiled at the Ranger. 'How do you do that?' He asked him. His voice was quiet, tired sounding, but the strain of agonized panic had disappeared completely. Aragorn shrugged. 'You know, I think I have an affinity with you Elves. I cannot think why?' Legolas shook his head and looked thoughtful for a moment. 'Me neither...' He replied, then grinned widely, holding his hands out to take theirs. Gimli all but leapt onto the Elf, clutching his hand tightly. 'My crazy Elf... You scared us badly. You know that?' Legolas nodded. 'I know that, my stubborn Dwarf... And I am sorry. I will keep my eyes open wider for Orcs next time we travel at night. And I will try harder to avoid their axes.' 'You do that!' Gimli replied, and giving the Elf another huge hug, he climbed down and allowed Aragorn to talk to Legolas while he tactfully went to look at the veiw out of the window. Aragorn sat carefully down on the edge of Legolas' bed, trying not to disturb his injured leg and peered into the fire. The dancing flames reflected on his gray eyes, making them flicker in the dim light. 'How do you feel?' He asked the Elf quietly. Legolas sighed and looked up at the Ranger. 'I do not feel well, but I will be very soon and I have you to thank for that, Aragorn. You saved my life and I thank you.' And he lifted his cold, pale hand and took hold of Aragorn's. 'If not for your skills, your care, I would have perished.' Aragorn looked down at the Elf, surprised. 'I know I hurt you Legolas, I know you were fearful of me and I am sorry. I would never treat anyone that way unless...' 'Unless you had no choice...' Legolas interrupted. 'And you had no choice, Aragorn. I was out of my mind with pain in the forest, I would have tried to run away from you and Gimli and it would have killed me. I know this now, and I am grateful that you were able to do what you did, because that is what I would have done for you, my friend.' Aragorn sighed heavily, relieved that the Elf understood. 'I thought I had lost your trust, Legolas. I thought you feared me...' 'It is not me who should fear you, Aragorn, son of Arathorn. It is Sauron!' Legolas replied, a warrior's glint flashing in his eye. 'We will continue on our way to Mount Doom and we will have the ring destroyed.' 'We will!' Aragorn agreed, smiling. And he patted the Elf on the shoulder and got to his feet. 'Now get some rest, my friend. The sooner you are healed, the sooner we destroy the enemy! We have given enough blood to this trial already. The fellowship will be sucessful!'