Legolas' shoulder at the arm. Aragorn winced at the sight of it, and continued rolling back the sleeve. Gimli made a sympathetic noise, and said, "How did you come by this, lad?" Aragorn looked up at Legolas, who had a slight blush on his cheeks. It was clear he was not going to answer any questions by the way he stared straight ahead. Typical elven pride. "Merry?" Aragorn turned half around to look at the hobbit. "Were you there when this happened?" Merry looked with distress at Legolas who shook his head slightly and mouthed the word no . "Merry?" Aragorn said. Merry's eyes jerked back to him. Aragorn raised and eyebrow. The hobbit looked flustered, then decided that King of Gondor outranked Prince of Mirkwood. "I was there." Merry said sullenly. He looked down at the ground. Aragorn waited for a pause, then said "and," and gestured with his free hand for Merry to continue as he pulled a long strip of white cloth and a small tin from his saddle bags. "It was a horse." Merry admitted. Legolas looked down. He would be blessed indeed if the hobbit would stop there. But the Valar must have thought that an Elf who was going to die anyway was not a good one to strike a bargain with, for Merry continued. "It was a big horse, and the whole of the pickets was a big mess of people trying to get on the horses. You should have seen this stallion, it was huge! And it charged at us after breaking loose from it's master and Legolas, who was leading Fern and Arod, was right in front of it. So the horse reared up and hit Legolas' arm with his hoof," Merry paused after this rush for a breath. Pippin was staring at him, as was everyone within hearing distance except Legolas. Merry continued, "But Legolas still held on to the reins and he grabbed the beast's bridle and pulled down and the horse crashed down. He whispered something to it and then yelled at the whole horse-yard in Elvish and everyone stopped, and the next thing you know, the horses were mounted and, well, here we are." He finished even faster than he started, in a blur of words that you had to concentrate on to understand. He looked apologetically at Legolas and shrugged with a half smile, "Sorry." he said, "they got it out of me." Legolas just rolled his eyes and looked back at Aragorn. "Do not put anything on it," he said, pulling his arm away, "I have to be able to move quickly to use my knives." Aragorn pulled Legolas' arm back. "I will put anything I deem necessary on it." He stared at Legolas, who stared back. Gimli just looked up at the both of them, silently guessing who would win this contest of wills. He would have bet gold on Aragorn, and was shocked when the king looked away first. "Fine," Aragorn said. Legolas smiled. "But at least let me give you something for the pain." Legolas nodded suspiciously, knowing that nothing of Aragorn's concoction could ever taste good. But his arm did hurt quite a bit, and was difficult to move, even without bandages. He accepted the small container of liquid that Aragorn handed to him slowly then unscrewed the lid, never once taking his eyes off of the smiling healer. Legolas brought the container to his mouth, and took a warily small sip. His eyes widened and he coughed as he handed the bottle back. "That tastes like old boot polish," he choked out. His eyes watered and he blinked to clear them. "No, wait. It tastes more like the cleaner they use on horse's tack." Aragorn was now grinning. Legolas took a swipe at his face with his good arm and missed, leaning far to the side. When he got his hands on that blasted ranger... "Legolas! Would you kindly remain on the horse." Gimli said, struggling to stay on, "Or if you must kill Aragorn, let me off this thing first!" "Arod," Legolas sat up straight, "It not a thing. He is a war horse of Rohan, and wants you to remember that." The pain in his arm had dulled to a slight ache, and Legolas felt that it soon would be barely a twinge. Even if they do taste bad, all of Aragorn's messes work, he thought fondly, thinking of the time when a young Estel would run through Rivendell's gardens, plucking leaves, flowers and the occasional whole plant and mixing them up in an imitation of 'Ada's medicine' , as Estel had called it. "There you go again, acting as if Arod speakes to you! Well, Master Elf, if this horse is such a talkative creature, why has he never taken the time to properly introduce himself to me?" Gimli presses. "He does not want to ruin his reputation by associating with Dwarves." "Of all the nerve!" He looked at Arod beneath him. "Maybe I do not want to ruin my reputation by associating with him." He mumbled something under his breath at horse that none but the Elf could hear. Legolas just laughed again, the musical, eternal laugh of the Firstborn that seemed to continue even when the sound has stopped passing through he Elf's lips. Gimli glared at Legolas, which made him laugh all the harder. Translations: Stop! Stop this now! Silent, horse demon, silent. :Silence! Silence. What is it? Red flames? Death? You disgust me. End of the first chapter. Okay, the first half of the first chapter. I didn't want my first posting to be a mile long. Please leave a review before you go, and have a nice day! (you know you wanna) That's all, folks! Sunni P.S ; Sorry how lame the Elvish is. If anyone can recommend a good site for translations, please please tell me so I will not have to submit you more if this grammatical and just-plain-being-unable-to-find-the-right-words nightmare.