know nothing of duty?" Arwen asked, her voice dangerously soft. "You think I do not know what it means to carry the weight of a fading race? Your memory fails you, Lady Ivorwen. Who do you think my people look to, with my mother gone and my brothers lost in one vengeance quest after another?" "Such quests have not been entirely pointless," Ivorwen said. "Indeed, if not for the aid of Elladan and Elrohir the line of Isildur might have ended long ago." "I would not deny that," Arwen said, "but my brothers lost faith in Middle-Earth the moment my mother was attacked. They fight now to preserve the descendants of Elros, to protect what family they have left, but they give little thought to any kind of future your people or mine might have. Who is left to do so, beyond my father?" The room fell back into silence. "When my mother abandoned Middle-Earth, I wondered where that left me," Arwen continued, almost to herself. "If I would be left wishing I had followed her to Valinor, or if there were things in this world worth honoring. Some days I am still left wondering. But I know in my heart that life in Middle-Earth is worth fighting for, worth risking everything—so I stay, for those who still remain behind, to show that their choice to linger has not been in vain." "But they shall make that journey eventually," Ivorwen said, "as you will yourself." "Nay," Arwen replied, "I have a choice to make, Lady Ivorwen. The same choice that falls upon all of my father's kin—to answer the call of the Sea, or to follow the path of my father's brother and remain in Middle-Earth. It shall not be long, I fear, before that choice is thrust upon my brothers and me, as the world falls deeper into darkness. But when I make my decision, you can believe that I will be thinking of my duty to my people, and nothing else." Ivorwen picked up her wineglass again and leaned back in her chair, surveying Arwen with an expression that Gilraen dimly recognized as grudging respect. "And Aragorn has made his choice too, Mama," Gilraen reminded her gently, "for good or for ill, you know he shall not be returning to us for at least another decade, perhaps more. There is not much left for us to do but wait, and hope." "That is all I can ever seem to say to our people," Ivorwen said, a trace of bitterness in her voice. "Wait, and hope. It is a wonder that they have not yet tired of hearing it." "Your concern for your people does you great credit," Arwen said, "and I know you have faced hardships beyond anything Rivendell has seen. But I do not doubt their steadfastness, or yours–you do not strike me as the type to allow your life to be ruled by the uncertainty that surrounds it." Ivorwen stared at Arwen, and Gilraen covered her hand with her mouth as she hid her own smile. She had lost count of how many times her mother had said nearly that exact phrase to her. Ivorwen opened her mouth to reply, but was stopped by a soft knock on the door, and Gilraen turned to see one of Arwen's handmaidens poking her head through the door. "Begging your pardon, my ladies, but Lord Elrond has been asking after the Lady Arwen," the Elf said softly. "He is wondering if you might return, as soon as it is convenient." "Thank you," Arwen smiled at her, "you can tell him I shall be along in a moment." The Elf curtseyed and left the room, and Arwen finally set her wine glass down as she rose from her chair. "Well," Arwen said, "I suppose we should be returning to the Hall of Fire. Will you join me, both of you?" Gilraen picked up her wineglass and rose to follow Arwen, but paused as she reached the doorway. Ivorwen had not moved from her chair. "Go on," Ivorwen waved a hand, "I shall be along in a moment." "If you say so," Gilraen said dubiously. She made to leave through the doorway, but stopped again and turned back to face her mother. "Are you all right, Mama?" "Quite," Ivorwen gave a faint smile. "The Lady of Imladris has given me much to think on." "Indeed she has," Gilraen raised her eyebrows, "not least of which the notion of listening to your own advice. It would seem that you and she do not have such differing opinions after all." "Off with you!" Ivorwen laughed. "I have had enough of your cheek for one night. If your father asks, tell him I will be back before the next song ends." Gilraen shook her head and closed the door behind her, making her way back to the hall. Arwen stood motionless at the entrance, staring out the flurry of motion and the singers at the front. "Lady Arwen, I hope you will forgive my mother," Gilraen said as she approached, "she is not often one to apologize, but I feel—" "No, it's quite all right," Arwen said, her voice distant, "and she was not wrong, in some respects. But you were right too, Gilraen—sometimes there is not much any of us can do but wait. I think it would do us all good to put the matter from our minds, at least for tonight. Unless, of course, they choose to finish the festivities with the Lay of Lethian." Gilraen choked on her wine, and Arwen's eyes danced as she turned from Gilraen to rejoin her father at the front of the hall. Endnotes: As the title reflects, the idea for this story first came to me after I watched the West Wing episode "Dead Irish Writers." So I suppose I owe thanks to Stockard Channing's performance in that for inspiring me to write about Arwen. With thanks also to my betas, Cairistiona and Zopyrus