binding your hands and scream his name to the heavens without care. You feel yourself tighten around his probing fingers, and everything intensifies farther, making you jerk desperately. It's so much, it's almost too much, but you want more and more and more. Finally the intense wave recedes far enough for you to remember to gasp for air. Legolas's fingers are still inside you, stroking your walls easily, softly, gently, helping you down from the new height he drove you to, and his eyes are locked on you, still full of love and pride and desire. He cleans his hands again, and you feel need pour back into your groin once more. He crawls up your body slowly, his eyes never leaving yours, and the one thought you have through the haze of pleasure that still tinges your vision is that he looks too much like an angel to be playing such a sinful game, but you won't complain. Legolas presses a kiss to your lips, and you hungrily rise to meet him. You can just taste a hint of yourself on his lips, and it only makes you long for him more. Even as tired as you are, you want to be with him fully tonight. "Please, Legolas," you beg, "be with me." Because to not be with him is as much torture as his teasing. Even being as intimate and close as this, it cannot compare to when he lays with you. Legolas pulls back to look at you, concern in his eyes. He sees how tired you are. "Are you sure you can handle another?" he asks, stroking your hair back from your sweaty face gently. You nod and roll your hips into his still-present arousal, making him growl once more. "Only once more, because I love you," he murmurs with a low chuckle, kissing your face again while he removes his trousers, throwing the last barrier between them somewhere else on the floor. His lips press against yours once more as he reaches up and unties your hands, finally freeing you to touch him as you've been longing to do all this time. Immediately you wrap your arms around his neck, pulling him closer to you even as he lines himself up with your still swollen entrance. No teasing this time, and you don't need it, not in the wake of that last explosion; he slides into you in one swift stroke, and you feel complete with him inside you. Even his three fingers could not compare to this, and he runs his hands back down to your legs, wrapping them around his hips again, opening you up more to him and driving him deeper than ever before. You look at Legolas, panting slightly, and whisper your love to him as he moves slowly inside of you. You run your hands all over his hard-packed muscles, memorizing every ripple and ridge, and he's lying on top of you once more, never letting go, never letting his eyes leave yours. You're easily back at fever pitch, only this time you take Legolas with you, his thrusts speeding up and driving deep, hitting that spot that makes you see stars, and he takes one of your hands again. And he drives you both back to that peak, and he follows you over after you breathe his name once more, filling you with his own being as you hold him close. Legolas rolls over onto his back, pulling you with him, keeping the two of you connected. He tucks your head under his chin, reaching for the covers that ended up on the floor some time ago, throwing it over the both of you. You don't even realize that you are shivering in the aftermath of your lovemaking, the sweat drying quickly on your skin. Legolas stares at you, a loving smile etched onto his face as he strokes your hair and gently rubs circles on the small of your back. "Are you alright?" His voice is soft, and you nod your head slightly. You're content to just listen to his heartbeat and feel him holding you close. Your body is gloriously loose, your limbs heavy, and you feel like going to sleep. "Yes my love, I am just sleepy," you murmur to him, eyes already drifting closed. "Are you?" "Why would I not be?" He sounds amused if not slightly confounded by your innocent question. You can't really bring yourself to think too much on it. But a little nest of guilt has settled in, and you'll not find peace until it's gone. "Well, you've been tending to me this entire time," you say without much thought. "You were only satisfied at the end. I can't-" Legolas hushes you and hugs you tighter to him, wrapping the blankets around your shoulders. "Do not worry about that, darling. My satisfaction came more from seeing you in bliss. I could want no more than your happiness, and if I can provide, why should I not?" He chuckles. "Besides, I am sure that you will make it up to me some day if this truly plagues you." A small smile pulls at your lips, "Yes, I most definitely will." You pause for a moment, considering asking him your next request. After tonight, you are certain that there is nothing you can ask of that he would not seek to give, so this should be easy. You steel your nerves as best as you are able and take a breath. "Will you sing me a song?" An amused chuckle escapes Legolas, and he kisses the top of your head. "Of course, love." And he sings softly to you of life and beauty and of the peace he has found in your love, his tenor lulling you to sleep in his arms. Yeah, not really any plot with this, just a lot of lovely smut. I hope you lovies enjoy this! As per usual, favorite, follow, review, and of course, stay safe everyone!