the moody Elf. But there was one thing more than there had been the night before: now Aragorn was aware that he had a great yearning to know, to understand, and perhaps to love. In the same instant came guilt. "We should return to Elrond's House," he said, turning away with a sigh. "Aye," agreed Legolas tersely. And so they did, silently side by side in the chill morning air, each absorbed in his own thoughts. /-/-/-/-/ As they entered the great vestibule of the House, Aragorn was very nearly bowled over by a screeching Merry, fleeing from Pippin and Frodo, both of whom wielded large feather pillows. "Hello, Strider! Hello, Legolas!" shouted Frodo cheerfully as he ran past, but he did not break stride in his pursuit. Aragorn and Legolas exchanged glances. "What a change from last night," said Aragorn. "You don't suppose…?" "… that your rite had something to do with that? I would be most amazed if it did not!" said Elrond, appearing between them and putting a friendly hand on each shoulder. "I was well aware of the effects myself." A smile cracked his usually dour visage at the sight of Legolas' surprise. "You Mirkwood Elves," Elrond said, almost fondly. "So sure you are the only ones with any earth-lore. Aragorn," he went on, "Gandalf and I would like to speak with you about preparations for your journey. Can you join us?" Aragorn nodded his consent, and they left a thoughtful Elf standing in the hallway. Eventually that Elf braced his shoulders as for an unpleasant task, and betook himself to see Arwen. Arwen half-rose from her chair to greet him, but dropped back in surprise when Legolas fell to his knees in front of her, seized one of her hands and said, "Arwen, I am so very, very sorry." "Legolas?" she responded, surprised. "You have nothing to be sorry for." "But I do!" "You sound like a confused Elfling, Legolas. We agreed together that it was necessary to try this rite, and by all accounts it was most successful. Why would you be sorry about that?" Legolas sat back despondently on his heels, unable to look at her. "There is more. It was not of my seeking, Arwen, I swear it, but as we … as the rite drew to its conclusion, my fëa reached out to him, seeking to merge." Arwen blanched. "You need not worry, I was rebuffed," said Legolas quickly to the floor. "Or rather, completely ignored. I am not sure he even noticed the aura; or perhaps he thought it was part of the rite. And then afterwards - no, I do not think I can explain how it was, to be so much inhabited, and yet still be so much in myself, but when all was complete and the Earth-sense left me, I was filled with visions of what is to come. Many were strange and fragmentary, and I am still trying to remember and understand them. But there was one that was quite clear - I saw myself walking with Estel, loving him, year after year until he was a very old man. And because of what had just happened, I knew that it would be a fruitless, painful love for all of those years, and I wept." He took a deep breath. "I let him hold me as I wept, Arwen. And I kissed him. Once. And that is all. You have my oath." He gave a mournful laugh. "At least I bring you confirmation, if you needed it, that your bond with his fëa is strong." If ever in her long life Arwen Undómiel was tempted to lie by omission for her own ends, it was at this moment. But that was not Arwen's way. "Look at me, Legolas," she said gently. "You do not know much about humans, do you, mellon ? We are not bonded, Estel and I, nor will we ever be so, with the merging of fëar , as two elves are. Though humans are capable of great love, and great constancy, that binding is not possible for them." She winced at the expression of sudden joy that Legolas could not quite suppress in time. "I am sorry," he said again. "Do not be," she said, rising to her feet and inviting him to rise also. "Legolas, the future is dim to us all. I do most fervently hope that your vision was a true one, for if it was it means that both you and he will survive the great struggles that lie ahead. But now I charge you to be single-minded upon your quest, to bend every effort to defeat Sauron. For if that is not accomplished, nothing else will matter. Nothing at all." Legolas bowed his lips to her hand once more, and left her to her unquiet thoughts. /-/-/-/-/ History does not record what Aragorn and Arwen said to each other in her chambers the morning after that fateful night. But those who saw Aragorn entering say he had tight lips and a grim face, and when he left, his mien was soft, and he wore the Evenstar about his neck. And so the Nine Walkers left the Last Homely House one cold December evening a few days later. Arwen watched them go from an upper window, then turned away, biting her lip. "If the Quest is not accomplished, nothing else will matter," she said quietly to herself. Again. And again. The road was wide and smooth in the first part of their night-journey. For the most part, they took up their appointed positions: Gandalf leading along with Aragorn, and Legolas keeping watch at the rear. But for a few moments, Aragorn betook himself to the back of their straggling line. With a cautious glance, he asked, "Walk with me a little, Legolas?" And Legolas fell into step beside him with a smile of great affection and hope, saying, "To the Gates of Mordor and beyond, my King." finis