let loose an arrow, aiming straight for the Witch King's face. His enemy instinctively moved backwards, out of the line of fire, and Legolas landed between Eowyn and the monster. He nocked another arrow, levelled it at its head. He could already feel the presence of the Witch King seeping into his limbs, feel its evil bearing down on him. But he planted himself there, blood trickling heavily down his leg, the arrow true to its mark. "She will not be your next victim, Witch King," he said, his words clipped and quiet. "You will not touch her." The Witch King drew itself up before him, darkness emanating from its form. The metal of its armour and harsh, spiked crown seemed to scream with the agony of those it had killed, and its black robes snaked through the air like tendrils of smoke. Its great, empty face gaped, a soft hiss of mockery whispering from the darkness. Words slipped from its rusted helmet. "Foolish Elf." Legolas' hands were shaking as he let another arrow fly. It bounced off the Witch King's shoulder like a leaf, repelled as if by a magnet. He knew he would not live through this fight, and yet he snatched another from his quiver, nocked it, aimed, fired, almost in a frenzy of slow-building terror. He could feel cold sweat prickling on his temples. The Witch King let its mace fall and drew slowly from its belt a long, narrow sword. "You will die as your forefathers have died," the voice whispered. "You will fall here, and no creature alive will remember your name but the maggots that feast on your bones." That voice sent gooseflesh rippling over Legolas' skin. It felt as though the voice spoke in his own head, and his mind flashed with horrific images as its hiss seared his ears. The dead Elves, row upon row of them, bloodied and beaten on the walls of Helms Deep; great, glistening spiders scuttling forwards out of the dark; and there, in the back of his mind where he always kept her, the clear blue gaze of his mother as her face grew slowly vacant and empty with the pallor of death- His hands were numb, and he realised dimly that they had faltered and dropped his bow. With fumbling fingers, he tore his knives from their sheaths and stumbled clear of the Witch King's first blow. A merciless cackle filled his ears as he staggered backwards, movements sluggish. He couldn't think. His head was packed with nightmarish images, his ears filled with the roar of his own blood. Fear screamed in every panting breath he took. How had Eowyn lasted so long? How had she managed? The Witch King's sword was flying towards him. He brought up both of his blades to block the attack and gasped as the knives span out of his grip and away. The Witch King's helmet's gaping, dark mouth filled his vision and he threw himself away barely in time. His bad leg buckled. But fiercely, with the desperation of a final stand, he regained his balance and span to face his enemy, reaching for his smaller hunting knife. He pulled it free and, as the creature rushed in on him, aimed for the join between shoulder and head - Razor agony exploded in his chest. Pain as he had never felt it, pain that felt like Death's own hand reaching into him and closing a fist over his heart. For a moment he couldn't breathe, couldn't speak, his very soul pierced with shards of evil. His vision was gone and his heart beat was pounding in his ears like a battle drum, accompanied dimly by the distant laughter of the Witch King... And then the sword ripped free and Legolas' body was set alight. His strength crumbled around him like towers of sand. His legs gave out and deposited him heavily on the ground like a rag doll. And worst of all, a sound left his lips that he didn't even know he could make. He was screaming, screaming as if he had been set on fire, as if he had been plunged underwater, as if his head was burning. He felt tears forcing themselves from his eyes, which he realised with a jolt of terror were wide open, even though he could see nothing. Words flew through his mind like passing birds, far away in the sky. Goheno nin, adar... adar... Gin iallon, goheno nin... The words ran like a stream through his mind, again and again, closely followed by great waves of dark pain. He blinked hard once, twice, and blurry images came into focus. Eowyn was on her feet, her sword raised. "I am no man." The Witch King was crumpling, contorting like a crushed toy. Eowyn dropped to the ground once more as Legolas' vision blanked out once more. He felt his whole body convulse violently, setting free another of those unearthly, unholy screams from his lips. The scream sounded distant, almost soft now. Chilling darkness was swallowing him up piece by piece, his soul trembling, shattering... He had always expected to see his mother's face as he died. Perhaps smiling at him, perhaps welcoming him into her arms. And yet all he could see was his father. His father looking out into the dawn, his father steepling his fingers together in thought... Adar... G-Galo Anor erin râd gîn, Adar... Adar, goheno... His mind was on fire. His soul was on fire. And as he tumbled into horrific, freezing oblivion, he knew he was still screaming. Elvish Words: Father - Adar forgive me - Goheno nin May the sun shine on your path - Galo Anor erin râd gîn I beg of you - Gin iallon Thank you for reading, and please do review if you have the time or the inclination. I would also appreciate any corrections for mistakes I have made regarding the canon. Hope you all enjoyed :) Regards, SUPRNTRAL LVR.