thought darkly to myself. It was true that I was impressed by the lengths they had gone to, the effort they had spent, to replicate a world so magical and wonderful but I felt I could no longer go along with their game. "Alright I've had enough!" I exclaimed impatiently, "Look you have all been incredibly kind to me but I think it's time that I went home." " I'm sorry but I don't understand," Gandalf said patiently. "Yeah right!" I exclaimed sceptically, "and I suppose you would have me believe that this really is Rivendell and that all these people are actually elves and I am in Middle Earth! Next you'll be telling me that Frodo is here with the One Ring and we're all setting off together on a quest tomorrow to go and destroy the bloody thing." Gandalf started and leaned forward, grabbing my arms in an iron grip. His keen gaze searched my face intently as though trying to read my very soul. "Who told you of the hobbit? Who gave you the name of Frodo?" "Are you serious? I know them all almost as well as I know myself; Sam, Merry, Pippin, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli and even Boromir despite his death early on in the story. You would be surprised at how long I have spent studying the Lord of the Rings trilogy and even the Silmarilion." Gandalf's face grew more thunderous as I counted the names off one at a time on my fingers. While he didn't seem to understand all that I said the names he definitely understood and for some reason they seemed to send him into a rage. " Who is it that gave you the names of these men? Who is your master girl, name him and you may live to see the dawn!" Gandalf shook me harshly back and forth, as though completely consumed with his rage. I stood, quaking in terror at the ramblings of the mad-man. " Gandalf?" the voice was high pitched and frightened but seemed to have a calming affect on the crazed old man. Gandalf released me and stepped back allowing me full view of four boys, all standing no taller than waist height and dressed in cute little waist coats. At first I mistook them for children but I then realised that they were in fact fully grown men all of whom appeared to be older than me. Gandalf spoke to the men calmly in the unfamiliar language I had heard him speaking before with Elrond, of which the only words I could understand were the names 'Frodo' and my own. After a few minutes of unintelligible conversation Gandalf had convinced the hobbits to leave and we were once again alone in the secluded corridor. Now in better control of his emotions, Gandalf returned his hard gaze to me making me flinch slightly as I saw a new, incomprehensible expression on his face. Without a word Gandalf grabbed my upper arm firmly and led me back into the dining hall, marching me straight up to Elrond, interrupting him in the middle of a conversation with another elf. Another quick flurry of words I didn't understand were spoken over the top of me. At some unseen signal from Elrond two men approached, I guessed they were guards from the way they were dressed and the swords on their hips, and I was whisked away by a pair of strong arms. The men took me directly back to my room, leaving me in a confused heap on the bed as they quickly left, securing the door behind them. Stunned by the sudden change in attitude I realised I had suddenly gone from a guest to a prisoner in a matter of minutes. Unable to sit and do nothing I ignored the steadily growing pain in my side and rushed to the door, pounding my fists against the unrelenting wood. "Hey, what is going on?" I cried, "You can't just lock a person up like this!" My cries garnered no response so I changed tactics, switching to Elvish in the hopes that they would at least tell me what I had done wrong. But no matter how much I cried or how sweetly I spoke I received no response, though I could see the shadows of the men standing outside my door through the crack at the bottom. Eventually I caved to my battered body's demands and returned to my bed. Fully clothed I lay upon it and though I fought it valiantly I did finally close my eyes and succumb to sleep. a/n: For most of the elven I have provided the translations in italics beside the spoken words. However, the first words spoken by Elrond weren't able to be translated in that fashion due to the way I wanted the story to flow so for all those who are curious I have provided the translation below: Ha cuiol? - Is it living? I hope everyone was able to understand that when I had the characters speaking in Italics it meant they were speaking elvish. When Auriel was speaking english she did not have her words italicised but I did have to Italicise her inner monologues to differentiate them from the general narrative. I apologise if this caused any confusion. Um also I am Australian so for those of you who use the American spelling of words and are unfamiliar with British/Australian spelling we Aussies often add 'u's and use 's' instead of 'z', so no I'm not spelling it wrong I'm just spelling it the Aussie way. But please don't think that I am perfect with my spelling, I know how easily things can be overlooked. If you do find some consistant spelling/grammar errors and wish to do so please point them out and I will endevour to fix them in the future. Well that's all for now. I look forward to your reviews and please keep an eye out for the next chapter!