her lips counting the beats to herself. 'A little slow' Sevanhir finally said. 'What does that mean?' piped Legolas. 'It could mean a lot of things, her breathing is laboured, I'll mix a remedy for that before I continue' Sevanhir opened her bag and began mixing bottles together. Legolas didn't much like her answer. Arwen leaned over to kiss Celuthien on her brow, as she did her hand travelled across Celuthiens stomach. As she did she froze. She looked down at her hand. She sensed something but didn't quite believe herself. 'Arwen what is is?' Legolas had noticed her behaviour. 'Arwen?' Aragorn echoed. 'I think I know what's wrong' Arwen whispered. 'You do?' Aragorn said surprised. 'Estel, could you and Legolas wait outside so I could speak with Celuthien and Sevanhir?' Aragorn was taken back, he wanted to stay with his daughter, surely nothing was secret from him? Then, he trusted his wife with everything. 'Its alright Estel, please, it wont be long' Arwen said as she stroked his face. 'Legolas lets go' Aragorn sighed. Legolas followed, confused, but trusting of Arwen. When they had left Sevanhir turned to Arwen. 'What is it my lady?' she asked. Arwen was looking at Celuthien, 'Celuthien my love, I think you are …. with child' the healer let out a squeal of delight. Celuthien pondered this, it was certainly possible, she had just never expected it to happen so fast. 'Then surely something is wrong mother, I should not feel like this should I?' she sobbed. Arwen smiled weakly and petted her daughters hair 'I felt something similar when carrying Eldaroin' she recalled, 'I too feared something was wrong, after he was born the healer thought maybe it was that, as Eldaroin did not inherit my elven healing abilities as you did, my body gave him mine while I carried him, to protect him, unfortunately leaving me to suffer the symptoms of childbearing as a mortal'. Celuthien thought hard 'Yes, but my child can't be mortal? Myself and Legolas are elven?' Arwen smiled 'You are half mortal, though you don't look it, but that may not be what this means, maybe with the shadow returning to these lands, your body felt a need to protect this child' Celuthiens head was spinning, not just from illness. The thought of a child inside her filled her with joy, but also sadness for the times it would be born into. 'Mother, I wish to see Legolas now … Will you tell father?' Arwen grinned. 'I would love to, I'll send him in' Arwen and Sevanhir left. They were bombarded with questions as soon as the door opened. 'How is she?' 'Do you know what's wrong?' 'Can we go in?' Legolas and Aragorn asked. Arwen opened her mouth and they both fell silent 'Legolas, she wishes to see you, Estel you are to stay here with me' This caused further confusion. Aragorn was clearly frustrated 'Arwen if something is wrong with my child I deserve to know!' He hissed. Arwens eyes hardened at his outburst. 'Do as your daughter has requested, Estel' Arwen scorned. Aragorn lessened his stance, feeling shameful for speaking to Arwen in such a way. 'Forgive me Arwen' He whispered. She smiled and stroked his face, then looked to Legolas and beckoned him to enter the room. Legolas went and knelt next to the top of the bed, he cupped Celuthiens hand gently and kissed it. 'My love tell me what's wrong and end my torture? It worries me so that you have called me here alone' Said Legolas, his eyes filled with comfort and concern. 'Legolas I...' she began, still coming to terms with it herself. Legolas braced himself awaiting her words. 'Mother thinks I maybe …..' She stumbled. She took a deep breath and calmed herself. She closed her eyes searching for the strength to tell him, then it washed over her, she was not breaking some foul news to Legolas. She was telling him something wonderful, a grin broke out across her face and she looked him straight in the eyes 'Legolas, you are going to be a father' She said merrily. Legolas stared blankly for a second, like the words were still making their way into his head. Then suddenly his grin mirrored Celuthiens 'We're having a child?' he gasped. 'My mother sensed it, she thinks that is why I am ill' Celuthien explained. Legolas's grin flinched at the reminder that she was unwell, but he could not hide his joy. He pulled Celuthien into a strong embrace. 'My love I thought you could never make me happier, but this is something I never dared dream of. Our family will be perfect!' Celuthien laughed, 'They will be loved indeed!' Legolas and Celuthien were ecstatic. A knock came from the door. 'Come in!' laughed Celuthien. Aragorn and Arwen re-entered, Aragorn now looking cheerful, having obviously been told the news. He threw his arms around Legolas laughing 'Who would have thought! You! The father of my grandchild?!' Aragorn joked. 'Who would have thought, you! The grandfather of my child!?' Legolas responded grinning. Aragorn then embraced Celuthien. 'My love I am so happy for you!' He beamed 'If you or Legolas need anything, just ask alright?' 'Thank you Ada' She replied kissing him on the cheek. 'Celuthien, you will have to go to a healer first thing tomorrow, a healer who specialises in pregnancy, so you can be properly checked. Also they may be able to help with the sickness' Arwen lectured. 'I will mother, Thank you' she smiled. 'Celuthien I do my best to care for you everyday, but while you carry this child I vow to be anywhere you need me, You are not to lift a finger until this child is born!' Legolas said happily. 'Legolas don't be foolish!' Celuthien laughed stroking his face 'I cannot sit still a full year!' she gasped. 'Then just sit as still as you are able' Legolas winked. Aragorn smiled, pleased by Legolas's enthusiasm.