his head to attempt (again) working his blond locks into plaits. "So," Haldir said, looking brightly at Gimli. "Your beard looks handsome, especially that clasp." "Thank you." Gimli's gaze slid back to Legolas and Haldir's gaze followed. Haldir's brow knitted when Legolas undid his half-finished handiwork and began the plait again. Gimli leaned closer to Haldir. "That is his seventh attempt," Gimli hissed. Haldir stared at him in astonishment before returning his attention to Legolas. When Legolas slipped again in his handiwork, Haldir stood up, withdrew a comb of wood and pearl from his front pocket, and strode over to Legolas. "Sit still," Haldir ordered Legolas. Legolas froze and his gaze slid warily towards Haldir. "What are you going to do?" Legolas queried suspiciously. "I am going to plait your locks," Haldir said smoothly. He firmly extracted Legolas's fingers from where they were protectively locked over the half-finished plait and began running the teeth of his comb deftly through the tresses. In the looking glass, Gimli saw the eyes of Legolas's reflection shift slowly to observe Haldir's own hairdo. Haldir wore no plaits. Legolas's eyes shifted slowly back to critically observe Haldir's progress with his locks. "Gimli, could you do the other plait, please," Haldir asked, glancing at him. "'Wha..." Legolas squeaked. Gimli stared at Haldir uncertainly. "Yes, but..." "We are all already very late," Haldir said briskly. "Your help will be much appreciated." Gimli shrugged and trotted over to begin plaiting the locks on Legolas's other side. "Haldir, I really do not feel comfortable with Gimli..." Legolas yelped when Haldir, on attempting to reach for one of the ribbons on the dresser top with one hand, tugged on the end of the half-finished plait, which was secured in his other hand. "Sorry," Haldir apologised. He plucked up a green ribbon and tightly fastened the end of the plait. Moments later and Gimli had also finished. "Done," they declared. Legolas turned his head slowly from side to side to cautiously examine the handiwork of dwarf and Lothlórien guard. His eyes widened. Then they began watering like faucets. His face crumpled. "You call... you call these plaits?" he whimpered pitifully. He choked, covered his face with his hands, and began weeping loudly. Gimli swallowed. Well, admittedly his own plait was rather plump and it sort of bent off to an angle. And Haldir's plait was so thin that split ends were coming out of it at all angles, although that was partly the fault of Legolas's thin hair type. Haldir pocketed his comb. "Your hair is so dreadfully thin that I wonder how you manage to get sleek plaits at all," he mused. "I suppose you must use a charmed comb." Charmed... oh. Gimli looked at the weeping elf sitting slumped before them. "He has lost his comb," he revealed to the attentive Haldir. "What a conundrum!" Haldir said thoughtfully. "Ah, well. I do not know what to do about that, having never had any need to charm my own hair." At that, Gimli noticed Legolas abruptly quieten and lift his head slightly to gaze into the looking glass and send Haldir's reflection a malevolent and tearful glare. "Haldir," Gimli hurriedly said, before Haldir could notice Legolas's death-wishing glare and possibly get offended. "Yes?" "You are missing the wedding," Gimli said apologetically. "You should go and enjoy the ceremony." "You can both go," Legolas muttered. "But..." Gimli began. He looked back at Legolas, but Legolas had hung his head and hidden his expression. "I will be down in a bit," Legolas said in subdued tone of voice. "You may as well go now. Thank you for waiting for me." "Then... then I will go," Gimli said gratefully. "As will I," Haldir said briskly. Together, guard and dwarf turned and left the room. As they were descending the steps towards the front of the house, Gimli had the perverse thought that perhaps Legolas had only dismissed them to provoke them to stay out of sympathy. He chuckled. Haldir looked at him curiously. "It is nothing," Gimli said dismissively. "I was just hoping that Legolas manages to get his hair done." Haldir smiled. "I am sure that he will find his comb." They reached the bottom of the landing and there bumped into two more Lothlórien elves, who appeared to be waiting for Haldir. "The ceremony has already begun," the other guards whispered. Their gazes slid to Gimli. "Your beard looks in good condition, Master Dwarf," they praised. That was the third compliment and it confused Gimli as he had never had his beard complimented by any elves before this day. Then it suddenly struck him that perhaps it was a joke and he glanced down at the beard. But there appeared to be nothing amiss with it. Oh, except that the clasp had slipped a little bit. He reached to straighten it. It did not budge at first, so he wrestled with it a bit. There was a splintering sound of wood and he looked down at his hand to see, lying in two pieces in his palm, a small wooden comb with silver leaves decorating the spine. The clasp had disappeared from his beard. Haldir laughed. "I will take it back to him," he said, and he plucked the two pieces out of Gimli's hand, turned, and darted back up the stairs. "Come," the other elves said to Gimli. "Come, we will escort you to where you may get a discreet view of the ceremony. It is too late to join the crowd." They led him to a nearby window. Moments after he had looked out a loud wail of anguish rent the noon air and the ceremony proceeding at the front of the house momentarily halted as everyone looked up in surprise and alarm. Then silence. The couple standing and holding hands at the front of the house exchanged a bemused look. Then Arwen shrugged, Aragorn smiled, and the happy couple leaned in to share a polite kiss. THE END