not fight them, even as they brutally attacked him. One them roughly shore off his hair, for the Orcs despise the beauty of the Elves, and take any chance to destroy it. Another slashed at the Elf's face with a knife, and yet another began to rain blows upon Legolas' body with his fists. And yet he could not bring himself to care. The Orcs set upon his body like a hawk on a rabbit, and when they were finished, they threw the broken body of Legolas Thranduilion into the Anduin and disappeared in the wild. A silence fell over the Anduin, and the only sound that could be heard was Legolas' soft singing, the melodious haunting notes still falling from his dead lips as his body drifted downstream. Aragorn stood silent before the grave. The rest of the Fellowship, as well as Faramir, Eowyn, Eomer, Arwen, Elladan, Elrohir, Rumil, and Orophin, stood beside him. All were silent as they paid their respects to their dead friend. One morning not long ago Aragorn had found Rumil, Orophin, Elladan, and Elrohir, who were visiting, in one of the gardens at Minas Tirith. They all had been kneeling on the ground, weeping, and the trees surrounding them had been swaying and rustling in the wind. "The trees are singing," Elrohir had said distantly, "He is gone, dead and gone, and even the trees lament his loss. Legolas is dead." Legolas' body had drifted to the Mouths of Anduin, to the Bay of Belfalas, and when Aragorn and the others found his remains, they had returned him here, to Ithilien, and buried him next to his love. "He would have wanted it this way, I think," Sam said, his voice cracking slightly, "To be at rest next to the Marchwarden." Gimli hmphed moodily and shifted slightly, tears falling into his beard. "He has gone now to the Halls of Mandos," Elladan said sadly. "I pray that he may be reunited with his beloved there," Elrohir added. The others nodded. Several moments of silence passed before the group began to disperse, and soon only Aragorn and Gimli were left next to Legolas' and Haldir's graves. Gimli sniffled and wiped a tear away from his eye. He stood by Legolas' grave for a few more moments before starting to walk away. The Dwarf stopped and turned around to wait for Aragorn. "Come on, lad. He's at peace now. Crazy Elf's with his lover-boy." Aragorn stepped forward a few steps and kneeled before Legolas' tombstone. He stretched out his hand and laid a single blossom, a white lily from the riverside of the Anduin, across the grave. "Namárië, mellon-nin," Aragorn whispered, and smiled sadly, tears trickling down his face, before rising and joining Gimli. A light breeze ruffled the petals of the lily, playing across Aragorn and Gimli's faces, and bringing with it the ghost of a soft laugh, followed by a soft voice singing joyously to the heavens. I'll sing it one last time for you Then we really have to go You've been the only thing that's right In all I've done And I can barely look at you But every single time I do I know we'll make it anywhere Away from here Light up, light up, As if you have a choice, Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear. Louder, louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say To think I might not see those eyes Makes it so hard not to cry And as we say our long goodbye I nearly do Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear Louder, louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say Slower, slower We don't have time for that All I want is to find an easier way To get out of our little heads Have heart, my dear We're bound to be afraid Even if it's just for a few days Making up for all this mess Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear Fin I hope I made you cry, because that was what I was aiming for! Just to clear up any confusion, Mandos and Námo are the same person, just different names. By the Valar, the wedding scene was difficult! In case you were curious, I came up with it myself, without referencing any form of marriage or binding ceremonies. The song at the very end is called 'Run', and is by the amazing band Snow Patrol. The other songs were in fact written by me. I know most people steal lyrics, myself included, but I felt like doing something different. So I wrote these songs. The wedding song is titled "Meleth-Nin", which is Sindarin for My Love. The song Legolas sings just before the orcs find and kill him is a modified version of a poem I wrote a while back, and is called "A Last Lament for the Lost." Yes they are crap, but they are my crap, and if you steal any of them without my permission I shall hunt you down and feed you to my kitty. Speaking of the songs, does anyone know of a good Sinadarin translater I could use to write the songs down in Elvish and see how they sound? 'Cause I don't speak enough to translate them, and I want to know how they sound so I can come up with a melody and everything to match the lyrics. I'd also like to see what the Snow Patrol song I stole sounds like. Can you imagine how beautiful 'Run' would be sung in Sindarin? Swoon …I must find a translator! Hannon le for reading! Namárië, mellyn-nin! –Happycabbage