indication of her personality. "One – two – three – four - …" Celebrían tried to concentrate on counting and breathing as her muscles cramped. After reaching sixteen the unrelenting pain ebbed away. Elrond sat on a chair nearby. With the birth of the twins Celebrían had wanted him in the water with her, massaging her shoulders as the twins made their way into the world, but this time she wanted to be left alone. With concern, but not worry, Elrond watched as another contraction griped his wife and left her panting in agony. He supposed it was his edain blood had caused a great deal of the discomfort, most of the elven births he had attended where much more peaceful affairs. "I need to push," Celebrían ground out, rocketing her husband out of his musings. "Can you feel the babe presenting herself?" asked Elrond. Celebrían carefully felt between her legs, free from pain at the moment. As her fingers felt their way along, she encountered something hard, but wispy. Yes, her daughters head with a full crop of hair if she was not mistaken. "Yes, I can feel her he-" she was cut off as an unexpected contraction ripped through her. She quickly sucked in a breath of air. "Try to breathe normally, my love." Celebrían was beyond listening. The pain encompassed her entire being. Air! She needed air! She gulped as fast as he could. "Celebrían, listen to me. Take my fingers and count. You are going to hyperventilate." Elrond reached his hand towards her, making sure to only offer two fingers of his left hand. Silver eyes flared. "You breathe," she spat, "I'm trying to have your child." Elrond tried to keep the mirth from his face. He knew Celebrían meant nothing by the exchange, but was heartened that she felt confident enough to fight back. "Try not to push yet. Just breathe. Let your body do the work." He swirled the water in the pool with his free hand. "Is the water warm enough? I can call for another few buckets to increase the heat." "Yes," gasped Celebrían, "hotter is better." She sank against the inlayed stone bench in the tub. "I will try to rest while the water is brought. Buckets of water were quickly brought in to increase the temperature of the water. Elrond estimated that it was around 98 degrees, close enough to Celebrían's internal temperature so as not to startle the babe as she came out. "Celebrían, listen to me please." Elrond took his wife's hand again, "On the next pain I would like you to concentrate on down, think down. Try not to push, but relax with your body and allow the water to pull you down. It is up to you if you want to sit or try squatting in the water." Celebrían nodded, "Down. I think I would like to squat. It is coming… down." She clenched her teeth and tried to envision the babe slipping forth into the world. Remembering that Elrond had suggested to relax she purposefully loosened her jaw and thought down. "Down. Down. Down. Down." It became a mantra to be repeated over and over again as wave after wave of pain rushed through her body. Just when she felt she could not take any more Celebrían felt something give. Elrond reached his free hand down into the water. With a nod from Celebrían he entered the pool just as Celebrían gave one last mighty push. A tiny slippery body shot out from between her thighs. With practiced hands Elrond guided his new daughter up towards her mother. Celebrían watched. The experience was surreal as her husband gently deposited their brand new daughter on her chest. Sitting back onto the seat Celebrían watched as the tiny infant immediately began squirming her way towards her breast. The rosebud mouth opened and closed as it tried to find a nipple to latch on to. With a motion long out of practice, but never forgotten, Celebrían presented her daughter with her breast and helped her to latch. The suckling was strong and sure, the latch well done. Watching his wife and daughter with undisguised pleasure Elrond waited as the last few contractions brought forth the placenta. As soon as the umbilical cord stopped pulsing he tied it off a few inches above his daughter's navel. Quickly drying himself off Elrond brought warm towels towards the pool and turned back the covers on his and Celebrían's bed. A glance out the window revealed that the first evening star had just risen into the sky. As he helped his wife ascend from the pool he gaze roved over the beautiful child they had created. She had been born with a thatch of dark hair as well as the indistinct colored eyes that all infants have. "Arwen Undomíel," he whispered. "Hmm?" said Celebrían as she looked up at her husband. "Arwen Undomíel, for she was born under the evening star, and she shall become the evenstar of our people." "Welcome to the world, precious girl," Celebrían spoke into her daughter's hair. But the infant was less interested in being named and shown the world that she was snuggling into her mother's warm body and comforting breasts. "Here is your Ada, little one." Elrond helped his wife under the covers. Celebrían handed the little bundle over to her husband, which he took with alacrity. A tiny fist waved in protest, but was soon captured by a blanket as Elrond stepped out onto the balcony with his daughter. Together they stood one fast asleep, secure in her father's arm, the other looked up and wondered if his father's star remembered their first meetings many ages ago. A/N: Thank you for reading. I tried to keep the birth from being overly graphic as it is a very special experience for all involved. Much of what Celebrían went through I also experienced during my labor and delivery. Any comments and suggestions would be greatly appreciated.