heard. But all my struggling and screaming did no good. I was quickly shoved face first into the ground with a heavy boot placed between my shoulder blades "What should we do with this… this… vial creature Mi' Lord?" The voice I had slowly begun to hate questioned. "We will take her with us and let Lord Elrond decide. We are in his kingdom after all." The man who had grabbed my arm called out. I heard a bit of sputtering from the fool above me. "But Sir we're will she ride? There is no way this girl could keep up with the horses and all of the men are weighed down with supplies as is." I let out a growl as they continued to act as if I was not even there. I was annoyed and my back was starting to hurt. I was about to say something when the other man replied "With me then, I have no supplies" The men started to argue but he easily brushed them off. Finally after a few minutes I heard the sound of approaching horses and I sighed in relief, the goon would finally be away from me. I was easily hoisted up on the back of the horse by the man I would be riding with. I reluctantly let out a relieved sigh as my anger lessened. Horses were creatures that could easily relax me. I had taken horseback riding lessons a few years ago before I moved to my new home. I reached both hands, seeing as they were tied together, along the neck of the horse. "He seems to like you, he is very fickle about whom he lets touch him" the voice startled me but only because it was soft and calm. "I have always been good with animals. Though men, no matter how animalistic they may act, I do not get along well with." A soft chuckle behind me made me relax even more "what is your name Mi' Lady?" I let out a soft laugh "I have many names sir, I was born to the name of Lisa though I am not always fond of this name, a few of my friends call me Tora, it is a word meaning Tiger in another language and a select few call me Sulaya" The man behind me went ridged, I noticed not understanding why. "Someone of great presence…" He muttered and I nodded "Yes, a friend gave me that name and after finding out what it meant I decided it fit and kept it" The man laughed and nodded "Yes you do seem very spirited" Strangely enough he reached down unbinding my hands only moments later. I noticed the men in the party were giving him weird looks but no one said anything. "Sir, I have told you my name but you have not told me yours, who is the person who has so much power that they can remove the bonds of a prisoner and not get reprimanded?" I could feel him repress a chuckle before he gave me my answer "I am Legolas Greenleaf of Mirkwood" I froze once the words left his mouth 'he has to be joking' I turned to look upon the face I had yet to see. 'Legolas' had long golden hair and bright blue eyes. There were very few similarities between him and Orlando Bloom but damn he was still extremely hot. He had his hair pulled back in a similar fashion to the movie so I saw his pointy ears. I gasped and wavered a bit but refused to pass out from the shock. "I am dreaming, there is no way this is real" He gave me an odd look "Lady Lisa what are you talking about?" I shook my head and blinked a few times even going so far as to rubbing my eyes. "You're a, you're a, you're an ELF!" I yelped but kept quiet about the fact that I knew about his character in the LOTR. I had read to many fan fictions where they ruined everything by telling them they knew what was to happen in the future. "Yes, I am an elf as are my companions we are on our way to the council in Rivendell, have you never seen an elf before Lady Lisa?" Yet again I began to waver but stopped myself. I was on my way to THE council of Rivendell. This really could not be happening. "What is wrong Lady Lisa?" Legolas questioned but I just shook my head and took a deep calming breath. "Please stop calling me Lady, and I will tell you why I'm acting so strange once I see Gandalf the gray" Legolas gave a slight nod looking a bit confused but did not ask any more questions. I soon closed my eyes. This was all way to confusing, I could not believed that I was not dreaming, this had to be a dream… didn't it? For the longest time I had always wanted something like this to happen but I knew it never would. Yet here I am sitting on the back of a horse being held on by a handsome elf man claiming to be Legolas. "Alright Sulaya as you wish, maybe you should get some rest, you seem rather weary and it is still a ways to Rivendell" I nodded agreeing remembering that I had not slept in well I guessed around twenty four hours by now. I quickly closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep. A/N Alright everyone, this is the end of the first revised chapter of my wonderful story. I ended up adding nearly a page to it in the revisions so I hope you enjoyed it. And HOPEFULLY I'll get less bitching about grammar. If anyone wants to become my beta in the revision please message me and I'll think about it. It is always good to have an extra set of eyes looking over you work. ToraNoKo123