said in a mocking tone. "One thinks you have had enough of seeing them wither away while you remained young and green." Silnar shot Elrond a sharp look, but ignored his taunts. "I may no longer hide with the Edain. It is time I took my place and accepted whatever destiny the Valar have laid on me." Elrond was curious as to what she meant but would not humor her by asking. Instead he merely nodded. "It is not to my liking that you would stay here, but I will not turn you away. There are few havens for our kindred these days and I have none to spare to guide you to the Havens or Lothlórien." "My thanks," Silnar said dryly and returned to her contemplation of the scenery. Elrond knew that he had been dismissed and simmered as he stalked to his office. To be truthful he only vaguely remembered the argument they had before her departure. He knew also that his silence had been part of the reason she stayed so long in Númenor. He had been right, however, when he had said that her presence would later do ill. She would be a reminder that no matter how long the Edain stretched their life they would age and die. Perhaps it would be unfair to say she caused all of the dissension for Silnar was not the only Elda who went to Númenor, but she was held high in the house of the King and was often in the forefront. Really it was silly that they continued to argue so, but his pride would not allow him to admit it. He did, however, make sure to have a room prepared. He doubted she would tarry briefly. A knock on the door several hours later brought Silnar out of her reverie and she called out entry. The door opened to reveal the golden visage of Glorfindel, Elrond's Seneschal and Captain. Many stories had been told of the valiant Glorfindel and his return from the Halls of Mandos. He alone had been given permission to return to Endor and fulfill his oath to the House of Turgon. "Lady Silnar," Glorfindel said with a small smile. Silnar had stood at his entry and waited to see what he wanted. "Elrond bid me to come find you and tell you a room has been prepared. It would not do for you to exist primarily in these rooms of Healing." Silnar inclined her head. "I thank you and thank your Master as well. He is kind to allow me to stay." She gathered her few belongings and followed Glorfindel through the halls. Elrond's house was masterfully crafted and the Halls were decorated with murals of ancient times. She took note of her surroundings so that she would be able to find her room later. There were many halls and it was easy to become lost. The room was large and airy and faced one of the many gardens. A smaller room housed a bathing facility. Silnar approved of the quiet simplicity and said so. "Elrond thought that you might appreciate this room. No one has ever used it." Silnar raised an eyebrow at that tidbit of information but did not comment. Glorfindel waited a few moments before making his excuses. She smiled her farewell and reclined on a chaise. Her body was yet weak and Elrond doubted she would ever regain her former strength. Thus it was no surprise when her mind relaxed in the manner of Eldarin sleep and she walked once more the pathways of her past. Thus begins the first chapter of what I have dubbed the Special Edition. This is how I really wanted the story to turn out. In the years since I began the first version of TTWW I feel I have grown as a writer and I do not believe I gave the characterization of Silnar and Glorfindel enough justice. So, if I garner any new readers out of this venture feel free to read the original version. This story will have the same gist as the first one but I have drastically changed the beginning. The more I thought of it the more I realized that Silnar would really not have had the sort of relationship she had with Maedhros and then turn instead to Glorfindel and as that is the character I always wished for her to be with I changed her love interest to Elros. I knew that such love could never be returned and it would make more sense for Glorfindel to win her heart. Of course Maedhros and Silnar will still have a relationship but it will identify more with the sibling aspect. I was also reading through the beginning chapter and realize how Sueish Silnar seemed and that I revealed the plot twist before I even had time to start the plot. Hopefully I've straightened up her character more. I am a Tolkien purist and will reference many of his books that are not traditionally canon. In all actuality the only true canon stories are The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . The other stories were history that Tolkien wrote out for his pleasure and use and his son brought together for those fanatics such as myself. There are many conflicts in the Histories and I have taken the liberty of choosing what I feel to be of use for my stories. My writing is for everyone to enjoy and I always try to clarify some of the more confusing aspects of Tolkien Universe. I will forewarn that this is not for those fans who are strictly Movie goers. I despise the movies. I will state that here and now. I think that such a work so wonderful and deeply descriptive cannot be justly brought to the silver screen. It's foolish to try. Pick up a book people and I think you'll see many characterizations are completely different from Jackson's interpretation. I am sorry I digress.