as needed for mortal men to call one old. And…there is another." you said slowly. "Another?" "The one I love has long cherished another." You repeated. He had turned to you, and you could see the concern chasing amusement. They were so close together that no human perception would have held them apart; but it was not because of your race that you knew so well the meaning of every movement he makes. He was thinking, how could you, of divinely beautiful blood, desire a shriveled human nag? And what plain mortal wretch could outshine you in any heart? He was thinking of your beauty. He has always thought you beautiful, in face and spirit. This you knew. But it is not because of you that he knows of beauty. He has always known beauty--his first taste was from Undomiel, fed to him young like a mother's sweet milk. "Then, my friend, in your long life this pain will be like a prick of a needle, or the scratch of sharp rock on your foot. Such a small wound should hardly mar your body, much less your memory." Ever since he was young, when you find him a fool, you would chastise. Your reproach only has ever spurred him to run faster after folly until the jape of it makes you bite your tongue. It is then you express your faith, but in truth you have always simply given over so that you may see him safely through his brash mortal intrigues, usually in arms. Men call him wise and you steadfast. But Aragorn is merely stubborn. And you are not loyal. You are protective. He could not do for you, be a protector, as you do for him. Again, he was being a fool, and you did not hold back your rebuke. "Is such true for Arwen?" you ask, dry and brittle as a twig in the summer ready for the wood fire. Rare does his true age reach him, with his elfin blood, but it settled then in his eyes. Such a deep grey, you have long been touched by the manner in which they nevertheless glow with a good humor and live spark. They are live coals alit with dancing embers. They go cold and deaden when he sorrows, you had sickened to know. "No." He recanted somberly. "It is not." His marriage hand had clenched into a fist around its gold band before your mourning gaze. You have never wanted his remorse and his apology—not when he means every bit of it to belong to his wife. "Forgive me for not heeding the gravity of your situation, Legolas. It was hard of me. Feelings of love are to be respected. I have long been fortunate to have you as confidant. To me you have been always wise of heart, steady of mind--I am blessed to have always had your counsel and care. Allow me to return your kindness; I will not misspeak again." Perpetual innocent he is, he has never seen what you truly do for him. And even then you thought you would protect him again—leave him again to his flourish in his stubborn path, when he will take no better one!—and so say nothing. He took your hand. In friendship, nothing more, but you thought you would no longer submit to his will. You thought of making demand of him, to finally yield to reason—that you would break this farce, yours of silence and his of poor decision. You thought of embracing him. You thought of making him yours for what little time is left. It was a fine time to go mad. But there was a mighty shout from the stables outside the balcony, and you two started. You hastened to find the disturbance. Before your eyes, a steed thick with muscle burst from its doors, nearly trampling underfoot the attendants who leapt to pull them open. The fine stallion seemed too live to ride, a trait that revealed it as sired from Rohan's stalls. Bearing two riders, it reared as it readied to bolt down the spiraling streets of Minas Tirith. One donned colors marking him as one of Eomer's visiting men. In front, clutching the horse's mane, was a young one too dangerously small to be astride. "Eldarion!" Aragorn had shouted. The child was laughing, and you saw its joy. --- A lone rider enters the city with rosy dawn warming his cloaked back and his steed's flank. He mounts the flighted streets of the White City with high, frail birdsong piping into his thoughts. He finds you with your sweaty brow driven into the forks of his tree's roots, which are colored the same blinding whiteness as trunk and bough. Your fever has broken. "Dear one," he says softly as he kneels by you, and folds you in his arms. END --- Author's note: During spring break a strange LOTR obsession took hold of me. I rewatched the movies and read an unseemly amount of fanfiction, which planted a desperate need to write something in the fandom. Specifically, something involving Legolas and Aragorn, star characters in the fics I read (and you know how). The odd thing was that I was very moved by the story of Aragorn and Arwen—which was completely contradictory what I liked in the fanworks. And, a problem; I was in no way qualified to write in the rich language required for a fic canonical in tone (as the fics I read and admired were). But it needed to happen or else I wouldn't be able to concentrate on school. So here it is, in my own vague, fragmented style, archaic language patched together. I thought enough had been said in the traditional manner of destiny, true love, and breaking of old commitments to pursue one's heart (as beautifully as it has been said already). Legolas just moves on to be himself. And Arwen features heavily. Maybe not very exciting, but I hope someone liked it.