meeting, had taken their toll on him. He had, of course, known there would be bigotry and arguments, especially from Tithaefarason, but that did not mean it wasn't demanding of him. While others had the freedom to be vocally angry or annoying, Erestor had to retain a calm, collected demeanor. He had to be the voice of reason when others had a disagreement. He had to make sure that everything was running smoothly and that they had all the necessary supplies. He had to be perfect. To say Erestor was mentally, physically, and emotionally drained was an understatement. A warm body of fur rubbed itself against his leg. Erestor opened his eyes and looked down at Aranel. She glanced back up at him and purred. A tired smile began to work its way onto Erestor's face. He bent down and scratched her head. She purred all the louder and rubbed her head against his ink stained hand. He then straightened and walked over to his oak closet. Opening it Erestor let out another sigh, this one a little bit louder than the first. He slid his shoes off and put them next to the small writing table, glaring at them a tad. Erestor didn't like to wear shoes all that much, they felt too constraining, he much preferred socks. Shaking his head, Erestor slipped his dark purple robe off and hung it neatly inside the closet beside his black one. He gazed down at the stiff work attire that the robe hide and changed into his soft leather leggings and loose white shirt, leaving the shirt's tie undone. He cracked his neck and stretched his back a few times before letting lose a full smile. He was finally able to be himself. That being done, he walked over to a shelf and grabbed a saucer and bottle of milk. Aranel, who had been watching his transformation from the formal seneschal of Imladris to her casual Erestor, now eyed the milk intently. Erestor placed the saucer down and poured the milk into it. Aranel quickly came over and started to lap up the milk. Erestor chuckled and placed the bottle back on the shelf, grabbing two glasses and some vintage wine along the way. Erestor then crossed over the room and sat down in one of the comfortable seats by the fire. He poured the wine into the glasses, setting one down on the table in-between the chairs, and waited. He waited for half an hour, but soon a knock was heard from the door. Aranel paused from her cleaning to glance up, her milk long since finished. "Enter," Erestor said. The door swung open and Glorfindel entered softly, closing the door behind him. Erestor waved at the open seat across from him and Glorfindel crossed over and sat down in the offered chair. He picked up the glass on wine and smiled at the ellon across from him. Erestor eyed him for several moments, relishing in the fact that he could be in this relaxed a state. "You're late," he finally said, but there was no bite to his tone, only a slight tease that had never before been there. The other's eyebrow rose. "You noticed?" "Of course, mellon nin." "I apologize. I was busy putting the training supplies away." Erestor nodded and sipped his wine. Glorfindel took that as his cue to partake in his as well. His eyebrow rose after the first sip and he glanced over at Erestor. "Last age's vintage, Erestor?" "A good year." Glorfindel laughed and grinned at his friend. He loved that Erestor trusted him enough to let him see this unguarded and casual side of his. Aranel, having satisfactorily finished cleaning herself, stalked over and rubbed herself against the older ellon's leg. Glorfindel bent down and scratched behind her ear. She purred and then turned towards Erestor. "How's Aranel doing these days?" "Aranel," Erestor replied as the feline walked over to him, jumped onto his lap, and curled herself into a ball, "is fine." "Aranel. You named her quite well. I've been hearing she's been keeping some of the other ellons inline." "Yes." "Did you know she antagonized Tithaefarason again?" "No, I did not." "Well, she did. He had it coming to him though. I heard he was yelling at the twins again, so Aranel scratched him." Erestor glanced down at Aranel and gave a slight smirk. "You know that was quite rude what you did there, Aranel," Erestor chastised half-heartedly as he stroked her back. Aranel tossed her head indifferently. She knew him better than most and knew he did not mean a word of what he had just said. She waited expectantly for his true feelings to become known. "Well done," he whispered in her ear, his eyes holding a rare twinkle in them. Aranel gazed at him for moment and then gave his cheek an affectionate rub with her nose before hopping off his lap and strutting to the large window sill nearby. With a graceful leap she landed on the sill and curled into a ball. Erestor shook his head in amusement as he watched her antics and straightened his back. "I suppose this means you will want a reward for supper?" What do you think? Her eyes seemed to ask him as she lay her head on her paw. "Salmon it is then," Erestor chuckled. Good. Aranel eyes seemed to reply as she closed her eyes contentedly, satisfied that her friend was safe for now. Erestor shook his head again and sipped his wine, savoring the flavor. "Did you know, there've been some suspicious clumps of fur on your robes lately?" The only answer was a half-hearted glare from both Aranel and Erestor. Glorfindel chuckled and poured himself more wine. Elvish Translations: Aintithenniel – Little angel Aranel - Princess Ellon – Male elf Erumollien – Servant of God Falathiel – Huntress Hir – Lord Hir nin – My lord Meldariondwë – Son of David Tithaefarason – Little hawk