kin?" Boromir asked, a pang of guilt in his stomach. "I beg your pardon, I did not know." "Yeah, you don't know anything about either of us. So before you go accusing her of things that she isn't you'd better get your facts straight," Mitch said. He settled himself back into the chair, crossing his arms over his chest. "She cannot be much older than you, Master Mitchell," Boromir said, remembering her appearance. "Call me Mitch. She's not; she's only nine years older than me." "And you are how many summers?" he asked the boy. "I'm 19," Mitch replied. Boromir looked away from him as he considered his age, and supposedly Bridget. After a long pause, Mitch decided it was time to get some answers. "How'd you do it?" "Do what, young Mitch?" Boromir rested his arms on his legs, leaning forward. "How did you get into Bridget's apartment?" Boromir sighed at his question. "You do not believe that I have passed to this world from that of Middle Earth?" Mitch shook his head. "That's impossible, Boromir," Mitch said. Boromir felt anger rise in his chest, but tried to keep his tone even. "Why?" he asked. "'Cause Middle Earth isn't a real place," Mitch responded. He got up from his chair, and walked over to the book cases that lined one portion of the wall. "Where you're from is an imaginary land, created by J.R.R Tolkien in a series of books. You are a figure in those books." His fingers scanned the shelves, tracing over the bindings in search of the copies of the trilogy he owned. He wasn't sure if this was the right thing to be doing, having no experience with people who were of Boromir's frame of mind, but he didn't know what else to do. He paused when he found his copy of the Fellowship, thinking about this. "Here," he said, quietly. Turning back to Boromir, he held out the copy of the book. Boromir reached forward, and took the paperback from Mitch. His grey eyes scanned the cover, running his hand over the picture that was there. It was a picture of Rivendell, a place he had been months before his passing. It was there that his fate had been sealed, and joined to his comrades. He sighed as examined it, his eyes flitting to the letters. "Your runes are similar to those of the common language," Boromir said, uncertain of how to feel about all of this. "Yeah, Tolkien spoke English," Mitch commented, watching Boromir warily. Suddenly, Boromir began to laugh. "You would have me believe that I am but some imagined being?" he asked pointedly. Mitch raised his eyebrows. He sighed, and took the book back. "Ask me anything about your adventure, even the things you don't know anything about, and I'll tell you what happens," Mitch said. Boromir leant back into the couch, smirking. "Where did we leave from?" "Rivendell," Mitch answered quickly. "Come now, Boromir, something a little harder." "Who was I defending in the hills of Amon Hen?" he asked. "Merry and Pippin, or Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took, both Hobbits, and family to Frodo Baggins, the Ring Bearer," Mitch recited. He had read the books and seen the films a dozen times. He couldn't forget any of the details of one of his favorite works. "And what became of them?" Boromir asked, a hint of sadness in his voice. "They were taken by the orcs when you fell," Mitch said, "but they live and are safe in the end." Boromir looked up at him, a dark expression crossing his face. "Who are you and your aunt? What witchcraft is this?!" Boromir asked, clearly irritated. Mitch stood up, backing out of the room. "Whoa, man," Mitch said. "Relax. I'm trying to figure out why you believe you're some fictional character!" "I am not a character! I died fighting orcs, defending my friends!" he shouted, rising from his seat also. Mitch gulped, taking in Boromir's sheer size. Mitch was tall, but looked inconsiderable in comparison to the hulk of this man. Gritting his teeth, he took another stab at reason. "Okay, you say you passed from one life to the next, right?!" Boromir was nearing him, and Mitch was backing into the wall. "Yes, that is what happened." "So, you're in a new world now. And I'm sorry it's not the one you expected, but this is my world. And what I say is how it is. Here, you are part of a great and wonderful story loved by people all over from all different walks of life." Mitch looked expectantly at him, apprehension still clouding over him as Boromir stopped. "How do I know you speak the truth?" "I'm telling you, the world you are in right now is different from anything you were expecting. Come here," Mitch said, walking towards his kitchen. Boromir followed, and when he crossed to the window that Mitch was at, he looked out. Large, colorful things passed on a great path below them. People of all sizes and shapes and colors walked on stone alongside the rushing objects. There were trees growing in the paths, but there was little green elsewhere. Shops and signs filled his vision, and as he looked to his right, buildings that rose to great heights stunned him. "Where am I?" he breathed, unable to comprehend what was before him. "You're in Boston," Mitch replied. He had hoped that showing him reason would snap him out of whatever state of mind Boromir was in. But, the astonishment on the man's face told him that there was something amiss here. Boromir turned his eyes to Mitch, and Mitch was greeted with fear and uncertainty. "I do not know this land," Boromir said quietly. He took a shaky step back from the window, and looked around the room he was in. There was a table and chairs, and strange devices all around him. "Where have the gods sent me?" Thanks for reading.