the great forest and none wished to tarry at this point of the journey. oOoOoOo As they approached the elven path that led into the deeps of Greenwood, they espied the party of Wood-elves awaiting them. It was easy to identify Thranduil at once though he was clad as simply and starkly as the rest of his party. The golden-maned Elf-king radiated power and authority. He was well built and exceedingly handsome. The tales of a Vanyarin foremother in his ancestry were apparently true, the twins decided. Elrohir scanned the rest of the royal family. Like the King the others stood out because of the way they carried themselves. Queen Ithilwen was a darkly glowing beauty, a shining moon to her husband's blazing sun. The younger twin let his cool gaze rake over the three younger Elves at her side. These were obviously the princes of the Woodland Realm. As different from each other as Elladan and I are alike, he thought with amusement. He spotted Melthoron at once. That one exuded pride and arrogance and an ill-concealed temper. He was fair-haired like his sire though the gold of his locks were of a darker hue but his features were neither Thranduil's nor Ithilwen's. Oropher's then, Elrohir deduced, remembering his mother's words. Brethildor was the darkling prince. He had the Queen's coloring but his face was mostly the King's. He seemed friendly enough but his somewhat vacuous expression did not promise witty repartee. Here was one who would fare best away from veiled or crafty maneuverings. Elrohir's pewter eyes strayed to the last prince. They narrowed with interest as he regarded the youngest son of Thranduil. Here was the one his mother had praised as the most worthy of the King's sons. Legolas was slender and indeed almost delicate looking beside his brothers. Silver and gold mingled in his shining locks while finely sculpted features recalled the Queen's countenance. A good-looking youth with the promise of even greater comeliness when he matured into full adulthood. But what impressed Elrohir most was the depth of thought and feeling visible in the sapphire eyes. Celebrian was right. For an Elf barely past his majority, the youngest prince was possessed not only of intelligence but also of a yearning to learn all that life could offer. But there was also a trace of what Elrond had called high spirits in the cerulean orbs. That could only mean a love of fun and adventure as well. Elrohir glanced at his brother and saw that Elladan was also regarding the princeling with interest. The older twin felt his brother's gaze and looked at him. They grinned at each other. They were in one accord regarding Legolas. Life would not be boring around Thranduil's youngest son, of that they were certain. The two rulers addressed each other cordially but formally. Despite their former acquaintance, too much had happened in the past for them to be as much at ease as they once had been. But Celebrían and Ithilwen greeted each other with warmth and affection. There were no past issues between the two Elf-ladies to act as a barrier to their friendship now. Elrond then presented his sons and the other members of his entourage. He had asked his chief counsellors, valiant, sage Glorfindel and gentle, learned Erestor, captain of Rivendell's forces and his chief steward respectively, to accompany the party. Rounding out the group were a half dozen Imladrin warriors foremost of whom were masterful Daurin and quiet Enedrion. The twins just managed to suppress their scowls of disgust when they were presented to Melthoron. The Crown Prince was far too haughty and condescending for either to stomach with any grace. Brethildor, on the other hand, presented a challenge of another sort. His first comment dealt with the Rivendell Elves' weapons, which were of Noldorin make. The twins soon saw they would elicit nothing more interesting from this prince. Elladan choked back a snicker as Elrohir strove not to roll his eyes in exasperation. But Legolas proved altogether different as the brothers had surmised. "And this is Legolas, my youngest," Thranduil informed the twins. The blue eyes were warm and welcoming if a little startled by the twins' symmetry. " Suilad, gwenyn o Imladris "—Greetings, twins of Rivendell—he smiled. "I hope you will find Greenwood as enchanting as they say the hidden vale is." Two pairs of sable eyebrows rose slightly at the compliment to their home. "Enchantment is in the eye of the beholder," Elladan replied. "I dare say we will find your realm as fascinating as ours." "To live beneath the eaves of such a great forest is an experience neither of us would willingly forego," Elrohir added gravely. Legolas' smile widened. "As to that, I can promise you much," he offered. "That is, if you are up to it?" The challenge, however lightheartedly uttered, was there. The twins suddenly grinned in unison. "We would be delighted to explore the fastness of Eryn Galen with you, O Prince," Elladan chuckled. "And more besides," Elrohir drawled. "We do have two whole months to indulge ourselves after all." Elrond and Thranduil could not help overhearing the exchange. Both lords groaned in concert then stared at each other in surprise. Understanding and shared compassion dawned. The smallest smile touched Thranduil's otherwise frosty countenance. Elrond considered his wife's wisdom in insisting their twins come along for the visit. They might yet be the key to friendship between our two realms, he mused with a muted grin. Just which of the princes had drawn the twins' liking became blatantly apparent. No sooner were the pleasantries over than Legolas found his mount sandwiched between the brethren's steeds. Their parents watched them with interest and, admittedly, just a hint of apprehension. Glossary: meldir – friend Eryn Galen – Greenwood the Great laer - Sindarin for summer T.A. – Third Age Peredhel (sing.) - Half-elf/Half-elven Golodhrim - class plural of Golodh or 'Deep Elf', Sindarin for Noldor To be continued …