the man exclaimed indignantly. " A pack of wargs? A mad wizard on the loose? Perhaps savage Halflings trying to eat Arda's ( Middle Earth's ) supply of food?" Arwen snorted, a sound not meant for a lady like her to utter. " Your sense of humour is becoming too much like Glorfindel's," she warned him. " I do not know if that is a good thing or a bad thing." At this, both of them began to laugh. It rang about in the gardens and carried softly over to Rivendell. Even inside the library, Elrond clearly heard the laughter of his daughter and adopted son. " Leave them be," Glorfindel interrupted his thoughts, as the elf looked up from his paperworks. " It is rare that the two of them have a moment together." " I know." The elf lord distractedly wrenched his eyes away from the windows that dipped towards the gardens. " It will do no good if you kept looking after them like a mother hen," Erestor frowned. " Aragorn is an adult, by human standards. So is Arwen. You need to let them go." " Yes, I know that I have to let them - " Elrond abruptly stopped in mid-sentence, gazing at Erestor, who was looking as emotionless as possible. " Did you just call me a mother hen, mellon nin ( my friend )?" he asked, his voice threatening. " Of course not," Erestor calmly said. " It was your imagination." Glorfindel fought hard to stifle a snort. Erestor had the ability get under anyone's skin, including Elrond's. " No elf lord would be called a mother hen. It would be unfitting," he said promptly, trying to ease the wrath of Elrond. He decided to save Erestor this one time. That elf owes me one , he thought wickedly. " Remember how I said Estel was love-struck? I was right then." " He was but a child then," argued the seneschal. " How was I to know that they would really fall in love?" " You weren't suppose to," Glorfindel grinned impishly. A muttered curse was heard and even Elrond smiled. Even a small moment of happiness was enough to fight off the dark times they faced. Nevertheless, Elrond felt tired and old. Elves are not suppose to feel tired or old. They are ageless and usually filled with strength. But the lord of Rivendell felt drained of his usual stamina. His advisors noticed his silence. " What ails you?" the Balrog slayer worriedly inquired. Elrond sighed. " I cannot help but fear ..." " What do you fear?" Erestor interrupted, watching his lord closely. " I fear the attachment Arwen placed on him," Elrond wearily answered, not bothering to scold Erestor. " One day, Aragorn will die. Then, she will be overwhelmed by grief and darkness." " Does not Arwen already know of her choice?" Glorfindel softly asked. " She knows the bitterness of mortality. Yet she chooses to be with Aragorn. She knows what will happen to him. Yet she risks it all for the brief but happy time with him." Elrond bowed his head. It was both a curse and a blessing to have the foresight. He saw that Aragorn and Arwen's short time together will be blessed and joyous. He saw that Aragorn will age and leave the circles of this world. He saw that his daughter will suffer and fade away. How he wished he could stop all that would happen. But it was foolish thinking. Elrond had no power of these things. All he could do was watch and wait. Wait for the pending future to approach. An ache settled in his heart, as he heard their low voices in the garden. Make it so that time would stop and they would never be parted , Elrond silently prayed to the Valar. Give them happiness that would outlast the sorrow. Make them not regret their decision. Meanwhile, back in the gardens, a sombre atmosphere also took place in the gardens, banishing all pleasant thoughts from before. " When will you go back?" Arwen asked sadly. She couldn't bear to leave him so soon. Every day that passed without him, was like the night sky without the stars and moon. " In a few days," Aragorn replied softly. He didn't want to cause her any more pain. Arwen laughed bitterly. Memories from the past appeared in her mind. It was frightfully similiar to their meeting long ago. Except this time, the roles were switched. " This reminds me much of our last farewell," she said, tears threatening to fall. Sitting up, Aragorn gently wiped away her tears. He took her hand and kissed it. " Don't worry. I will return. You know I will." The elleth sighed. " It's not that you won't return." She struggled to explain to Aragorn what was troubling her. But it proved a lot harder to put into words. " But you are still young. Your path is laid in front of you and the world is at your command. There are many other women in Gondor and Rohan. You need not to wait for me - " Aragorn placed a hand at her mouth, cutting her off. " You are the only one I ever want." He gazed into her eyes, pouring out his love and devotion for her. " No other could ever replace you and I intend to keep my promise." Raising an eyebrow slightly at his exclaimation, Arwen was puzzled at his words. " What promise do you speak of?" Suddenly, he smiled at her, all care and worn seemed to fall from his face. Once again, Aragorn was simply Estel. " Will you marry me, Arwen?" Once again, her heart fluttered as it did those many years ago. But this time, she did not hesitate nor did she feel the need to inquire him to why he asked that simple question. " Yes, Estel. I will marry you."