- strangely enough - have already acquired that skill. Inside of myself I knew that that was ridiculous. I had just mastered it at a very early age, and I was indeed grateful. "Here," I said kindly, sitting closer and opening it in front of her. "I will read it with you." Her bright face bloomed into a beam, and she moved over to sit beside me, peering eagerly to gaze at it. We sat there for a while, shaded and secluded under the summer-green shadows of the leaves that shielded us from the sun, and her glaring rays. I read the poetic, inspiring words aloud to young Tigerlily, and often stopped to give her time to understand some of the more difficult parts. I enjoyed reading it aloud; somehow it felt as if I were telling it to myself. "That was a good story," she smiled, stretching out amongst the dew-covered grass as the tale came to a close. Yes, indeed it was. I was ready to open my mouth in reply to tell her such, when I heard Aunt Prisca's voice coming distantly from across the hills. I turned my head and smiled as she made over to us, gathering her skirts and waving delicately at the two of us. "Oh, there you are, Tigerlily!" she proclaimed, rolling her eyes a little with mock annoyance. "I wondered where you may have gotten to – I was beginning to think you'd wandered off somewhere." The young lass scrambled clumsily to her feet and ran into Aunt Prisca's legs, squeezing them tight. "Mummy, Frodo read me a story!" she blurted out, whirling around to look at me, her cheeks shining. I grinned inside. So, she is Aunt Prisca's daughter... I almost chuckled at how coincidental the whole mishap was. That makes the two of us cousins, then. Second cousins, to be precise. How funny! I folded the book in my lap and smirked pleasantly at my aunt. "She is a very good listener," I added. "Oh, that was very nice of you, Frodo-lad!" perked Aunt Prisca, her green eyes seeming to sparkle in the sunlight. She glanced down at her daughter – who was attempting to hide beneath her dress – and tickled the side of her face. "Wasn't that nice of Frodo, love?" Tigerlily, who was smothered by layers of fabric, mumbled out an incoherent: "Mmeth," followed by a mischievous giggle. Unable to hide her humour, Aunt Prisca fixed her attention back on me, a short sugary laugh escaping from her lips. "I do hope she hasn't been spawning trouble upon you Frodo, dear," she said, addressing me and struggling to get her skirts back from her daughter's clutches. "Although I'm not quite sure I can say the same for me – Tigerlily!" Tigerlily sniggered in reply, finally peering out from her hiding place and smiling cheekily at me. "I liked the story, Mummy," announced the little lass proudly, tossing a few curls of darkest russet over her shoulder, and tugging attentively on her mother's dress, her big brown eyes staring. "Of course not," I grinned, replying to Aunt Prisca's previous question. "She was no trouble. In fact, she was quite good company." I lay out the book across my lap again, eager to continue where that I had previously left off. Secretly I wondered what time now stood at, and if it were time for us to leave yet and return home. I do hope not, I thought, grumbling a little in my head. I always enjoy it here in Buckland. I love the sense of freedom I get, whenever I am here. The Brandywine, the forests...it's just wonderful. As I sat there, pondering to myself, and somehow blocking out the Tighfields' conversations as if hey were not there at all, I suddenly felt the urge to spend some time wandering. After all, I had picked up the words "getting late" and "leaving soon" from my aunt, so I secretly wanted so spend some time here until I had to leave. Scrambling to my feet, book in hand; I took off across the green blades of grass, with no explanation of why I was doing so. For all anyone could have guessed, I was running away...far, far away, where no one would ever find me and never hear of my name again. For that moment, I just...wished to do something wild – something free, something ... "Frodo!" I heard little Tigerlily call out behind me, her voice pinched with confusion. "Where are you going?" But, to be completely honest, I had no idea myself where I was running to. Somewhere, buried inside, my soul was screaming at me to get up and run – to escape. I could not explain why. All I knew was that it sounded interesting. So I did. I ran. I ran all the way down, over the few emerald hills and I keep going, watching the sun setting in the sky until... ...I stopped, to catch my breath. I must stop doing these spontaneous things, I scolded myself with a chuckle, failing down on the warm grass and closing my eyes, waiting for the world to stop spinning; the book cast aside at my hip. It was then that I could almost hear Aunt Prisca's reply to whatever her daughter had called out to me, drumming in my ears – as clear as if she were standing next to me. " He seems like a very strange lad to me, darling...whatever did he read to you ?" I did not know whether to laugh out loud, or to shrink inside. Instead, I shrugged it off, and let the lavender sky swallow me up, until there was nothing left but stars, leaves and dew. All a mix of nature. A mix of the Shire. -oOo- Months in the Shire Calendar Afteryule: January Solmath: February Rethe: March Astron: April Thrimidge: May Forelithe: June Afterlithe: July Wedmath: August Halimath: September Winterfilth: October Blotmath: November Foreyule: December