upon you but it would ease an old mans mind to know that my companions would have you to look to in times of need." "So basically I'm not special and the fellowship doesn't really need my help, but you want me to give up my own world to help save yours? And I take it I won't be getting paid for all of this life endangering nonsense?" He shook his head, laughing quietly. "Well when you put it like that, where do I sign?" He sighed, but his eyes still held their mirth. "I have told you, you will not be forced or coerced into this decision, for it is not one to make lightly. Do know this, that I have looked upon your life and all I have seen is one of loneliness, of longing. Middle-earth could have need of you, and you of it." "I am not lonely. Did my dad send you? I told him I'm fine, and besides if I need company I have Legolas." Gandalf's eyebrows rose on his face. "You have the elf?" he questioned. "What? No, my dog." "You named your hound Legolas?" She shifted uncomfortably as she nodded. "Why that name?" "He's my favourite character." She shrugged, a little embarrassed. The guy clearly loved Gandalf; she didn't want to offend a crazy person by saying someone else was her favourite. She liked all her limbs attached to her and in one piece. "Interesting." He smiled and his eyes lit up as if sharing a secret. "Not really." She mumbled. "Isn't he every girl's favourite? He's a total badass with a bow, comes from royalty and is played by Orlando Bloom. The dude's hot." Legolas, the dog, took that as his moment to enter the living room and bounded his way over to the strange man. "Indeed. But a dog will not live forever. He cannot offer what a human can." "It's alright Cilla Black, I don't need you playing matchmaker. A woman can actually survive without a man you know." She felt like she should add sister to the end of that sentence and snap her fingers at him. "I was speaking mainly of companionship." His eyes smiled at her. She sighed, pulling out her phone again and loading up her gallery. She moved to perch on the edge of the sofa next to him, shoving her phone in his face and sliding her thumb across the screen so he could view some of the thirty two pictures she had of herself and Legolas eating an apple in bed together. "Not lonely." She said again as 'Gandalf' looked mildly disgusted. He stood, brushing down his robe before turning and making his way down her hall. "Hey wait, the front door's the other way!" She yelled as she ran to catch him up. She stopped suddenly as she saw him standing in front of the creepy wooden door. "I will be able to keep it open until the morrow's eve, after that your chance shall be lost. If you want an adventure and the chance to completely change the world as you know it, all you have to do it enter through this door. The door will only open if you really and truly want it, Jessica Kendrick." He didn't turn to her as he spoke, only twisted the large brass handle he held in his wrinkled hand. The door opened slowly and Jessica felt her breath catch and she watched him duck and walk through, the door shutting softly behind him. She stood staring for an immeasurable amount of time before timidly making her way over to the door. Her apartment was deathly silent, adding to Jessica's trepidation. Slowly she reached out a manicured hand and touched the knob, feeling that it was still slightly warm from a human's touch. She heaved in a large breath and squeezed her eyes shut, twisting quickly. Her eyes flew open when it didn't budge. She heard the lock moving as she wiggled the knob back and forth but yet the door still did not open. "I've gone crazy." She whispered. She made her way back to her living room, picking up her phone from the table where she had left it. She opened her contact list and hit the dial button next to her best friend Paige's name. "Hey Jecca, what's up?" "I'm having a little bit of a mental breakdown right now. I just saw a ghost, a fucking ghost, a ghost dressed as Gandalf-" "Woah slow down!" Paige laughed, interrupting her friend's rambling. "You saw Gandalf's ghost?" "I think I need to go to hospital, I need some drugs. I just hallucinated meeting Gandalf." "It sounds like you've had enough drugs." Paige paused hearing her friend sniffle. "Jec, are you okay? You sound like you're about to cry." "Of course I'm going to cry, my brain is broken! And I can never watch Lord of the Rings again, it's messed me up, I'm going to write a strongly worded letter of complaint to Peter Jackson, I'm going to-" "- Um, Jecca. Chill out okay. I'm getting my keys now, I'll be over in ten and you can stay at mine tonight, okay?" Jessica nodded before realising Paige couldn't actually see her. "Yeah sure, that'd be great." She looked down to see Legolas was sleep on the floor in front of her feet. She couldn't leave him here with some demented spirit roaming her flat. "Paige, can I bring Legolas?" "You and that dog." She heard her friend mumble. "I suppose." Jessica smiled, knowing that Paige had a real soft spot for her Labrador, despite what she said. "Okay see you soon." I have a few chapters written already but it does take time to get the plot completely right and I only write when I feel inspired so please don't panic if I don't update all the time. I can't commit myself to a posting schedule but reviews are always encouraging ;)