best friend's predicament. "Just got out of the store, no, and no." The copper haired girl quipped. She was accustomed to the rapid fire speaker that was an excited Laily. The princess got a worried look on her face. "You're running behind. The gates close soon. Oh, and Father wishes to speak to you about security measures. You are my bodyguard for the night after all. I can't believe you bested the captain of the guard in a challenge. Not that I'm complaining of course." Riv's face turned sour at the mention of the captain of the guard. Nathien was a young and hot headed guy. He was also enamoured with the princess and pursued her often. He was allowed to because he was a lord's son, so he had the "required" status of a suitor. Nathien tended to come off as arrogant and rude, not to mention he was the controlling type. That wouldn't suit Laily at all as she was independent and hated being caged. Which was why they ended up hiding around the castle or sneaking out a lot. "I was simply doing my duty to the court in whipping his as- *ahem* proving I would be a better protection. Not many people would expect the princess's best friend to be her bodyguard, much less a woman. They're still prejudiced like that." Riv coughed fakely to cover up what she was about to say jokingly. It still got a hearty giggle out of her friend. Riv smiled and chuckled herself. It was always a sure way to improve their moods, making fun of Nathien that is. "Well, you better hurry. I've kept you too long. The gates close in less than five minutes. I know how fast you can go, but please be careful. It's getting dark and it's hard to see your overalls in the dark." Laily gave her a concerned frown, worried about her safety with it getting dark. Riv smiled at her friend and gave a cocky smirk that spoke of confidence. "Aww, don't worry yourself too much. I'm the best hoverboarder in the kingdom, remember? A three to five minute ride to the gates ain't nothing compared to the Boarder's Competition." Riv boasted. She wasn't normally cocky, but it tended to appear in moments of nervousness or stress. It was a bit of a coping mechanism, if not a facade. Laily giggled at the posturing and nodded at the red head. "Well, get going. You only have a little bit of time. If you're not here in time, I will personally find you myself and drag you back screaming and kicking if I have to." Riv scratched her cheek, sticking her tongue out between her teeth. "Yes, Mom." The raven haired princess chuckled and waved into the camera of her holo-frame and ended the call. Riv closed the holo-frame and shoved it back into her bag. Slipping her goggles on over her eyes, she hopped back onto and hurriedly started back to the castle. The wind rushed past her goggles, once more whipping her hair back and forth. She could see the gates from where she was speeding up the street, no hoverers on it so far, thankfully. Her eyes widened, as she watched the drawbridge start closing. Leaning forward on the board Riv sped up and the wind started howling in her ears. She must have looked like a fiery blur to any pedestrians. She was almost there! Bright light blinded her and she had to close her eyes against it. Riv opened her eyes and was horrified and startled, literally a deer in the headlights. A large hauling hoverer was headed straight for her. She leaned back in an attempt to slow down her board, but it was no use. It was all a blur, as she threw her arms up in front of her to brace for impact. There was screeching of grinding gears of the brakes that would have made her grimace if she weren't the cause of them, a ringing making itself known. Riv felt no pain from being hit, as strange as it was. Instead, it felt like she was falling through time, everything slowing down around her until everything stop moving and then everything went black. So real quick, an explanation of the setting. Skyryn is a dystopian society that is heavy steampunk with it literally being a futuristic and advanced floating city in the sky if you didn't already get that. A catastrophic event happened on the surface that separated the Highlings and Gaiads, the Highlings leaving the surface while the Gaiads stayed out of stubbornness and their profound connection with the earth. As such plants and animals are rare in a way that only nobility has access to them, except for the birds that fly about the city and the random stray. There are a couple of public parks and ponds, but they are mostly concrete as the plants have a hard time surviving in the altitude they are at without being in a green house, which as said before, only nobles have access to. It really is mostly a futuristic and advanced world with 18th and 19th century politics and social ladders (where the Victorian and steampunk comes in). As for the names, well Laily is the same thing as Lily, but with the steampunk influence. The same with Jaems, Renaeger, Malinye, Kenry, and Nathien being derived from common names as well (James, Jaeger [Jaegerman being the Germanic last name of a good friend of mine], Malia, Henry, and Nathan respectively of course). Riv (or her last name Rivetz) is slightly modeled after Rosie the Riveter, being mechanically inclined. For people who actually bother to read this stuff at the top and bottom, I will tell you her full name if you pm me, along with her concept art. I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. Please Review as it keeps the story rolling and makes me want to keep writing. -Tai-chan 0.0