within. The Elven prince moaned as purest pleasure snaked its way from his groin to the very reaches of his hands and feet. He stared at Elrohir dazedly. "Please, I – oh, Valar, finish it now, Elrohir, or I shall go mad!" he implored. A positively wicked smile lit the warrior's countenance. "As you wish, forest prince," he murmured rakishly. He withdrew his fingers, quickly anointed himself with more of his seed, then guided the prince's long legs up and around his waist, pulled the lean hips closer to rest against his groin. When he pressed into Legolas, he saw the understandable apprehension in the archer's eyes. "It may burn a little, my Greenleaf," he softly said. "But I promise you, it will pass swiftly." Legolas tingled with pleasure at the endearment. "I do not care. Make me yours, Elrohir," he whispered. Elrohir groaned at the prince's words of complete surrender. With one sure thrust, he mounted the fair-haired Elf. He held still, waiting for Legolas to adjust to the breaching of his body. As Elrohir had warned, it did burn. His untried body protested its sudden piercing. But as Elrohir had also promised, it soon began to subside as he adjusted to the hard flesh within him. The blazing ecstasy of their joining effectively blunted any remaining discomfort. He lifted his gaze to the Elf-knight. No longer afraid to admit his feelings, he let his love shine brightly through his eyes. Elrohir caught his breath at the sheer beauty of the Elf beneath him. More than ever he felt the need to claim Legolas for his own. Unwonted gladness rose within him at the knowledge that he alone of any ellon had ever coupled with the prince. He'd never cared about his erstwhile lovers' previous partners, male or female, Elf or mortal. Strange that he should care now. But then he'd never loved any that he'd bedded before. He began to drive into the prince, angling for the same place he'd earlier stroked with his fingers. The effect on Legolas was immediate. The prince writhed wildly under him, pushing against him in turn. Elrohir groaned at the almost unbearably sweet sensation. Hissing with the effort to keep his body's demand for release in check, he curled his hand around the prince's reawakened length and began to stroke it. He smiled as Legolas started to breathe sobbingly at the sheer pleasure of it. "For the love of Arda, finish it, Elrohir!" he deliriously implored. Laughing softly at his impatience, Elrohir leaned down and brushed his lips against the prince's mouth. Legolas promptly wrapped his arms around the Elf-knight's shoulders to pull him closer, hungrily deepening the kiss until they were both gasping erratically. He growled protestingly when Elrohir drew away only to moan when the Elf-knight moved lower to suck at the base of his throat. And then the warrior drove hard and deep into him while his hand caressed him with firm and rapid strokes. Completion swept over Legolas with all the force of a gale and he cried out hoarsely as pleasure coursed through him in near blinding waves. He was beyond coherence now, his body obeying its need to seek and reach the peaks of rapture it was capable of. His muscles clenched spasmodically around Elrohir's proud length, further heightening the sensations wrought by his release, his seed gushing anew between them. Elrohir's name became a litany he uttered over and over again in his rapture. He heard his own name growled possessively as the twin came to his own culmination. And then they were collapsing in a sensuous tangle of slender limbs. Elrohir smoothly withdrew from the prince even as he rolled over and pulled Legolas into his arms, letting him rest his golden head upon his shoulder. He held his lover close, stroking the flaxen locks as he waited for his breathing to slow and his heart to calm. Then... "Stay with me, Greenleaf. Share with me what days remain to us." Legolas lifted his head and looked at his beloved. "I will," he whispered. His eyes suddenly brimmed with moisture. "Had I known how you felt I would never have—" He swallowed the tightness in his throat, his warrior's pride refusing to let him weep. "How can I say farewell to you, my Twilight?" Elrohir's eyes gleamed at the affectionate name. "We will be parted only for a while, seron vell "—beloved—he said. At the other's questioning gaze he added, "Do not ask me how I know, I simply do. We will be with each other again." A hopeful glitter lit the prince's watery eyes. "I fervently hope you are right. Until then, will you love me every day until I leave?' Elrohir smiled tenderly at him. "I will love you every day of your life, my Legolas. I will love you for eternity." Legolas buried his face in the twin's neck, burrowing deeply into his embrace. Eternity. Even eternity would be too short a time to know the full bliss of Elrohir's love, he mused. Who would have thought that his shameful failure in Mirkwood would lead to this felicitous state of affairs? "Rest, Legolas, I would have you ready for more loving," he heard Elrohir huskily say. Legolas chuckled breathily and raised his fair head to gaze at the twin, prickles of desire already simmering upon his flesh. "I need no rest," he whispered. "I am more than ready for your loving, Elrohir. I will always be ready." The silvery eyes darkened and the sinuous lips curled into a perilous smile. With one smooth twist of their bodies, Elrohir had Legolas pinned beneath him once more. "I will take your word for it," he murmured, his lips dipping to partake of teasing draughts of the prince's mouth. "Please do," Legolas sighed happily and succumbed anew to his Elf-knight's enthralling skill. Glossary: Narquelië and Ringarë – Quenya for October and December Thranduilion – son of Thranduil ellyth – Elf-maids ellyn – male Elves