"And her heart is unnaturally weak." He drew a deep breath. "She and the babe may not survive." "Nay!" the queen suddenly cried out pantingly. "You must save the child!" She looked frantically at Thranduil. "He must be born, husband. Do what you must but save our child." Thranduil looked at her in anguish. Before them, the chief healer stood ready, a thin knife in hand. The king bit his lip then nodded and held his wife close. Another healer hurried to mix a sleeping draught. But Elladan shook his head. "The child must be delivered now if it is to live," he shouted. He bent once more over Alphaieth and cupped her face in his hands. "Look at me, my lady," he commanded. "Hear only me." His tone was compelling. Despite her pain, the queen was caught by it and soon their gazes were locked. Elladan began to murmur to her, his voice mesmerizing, his eyes bewitching. Thranduil watched in awe as his wife's eyes glazed over and the twitching of her body slowly stilled. Her countenance took on a serene cast, as the pain seemed to recede. Elrohir signed to the healer to do what was necessary. Under Elladan's hypnotic spell, Alphaieth did not feel the slash of the knife, did not feel the brutal sensation of her wounded flesh giving way before the inexorable downward progress of the child within her, did not note the frightening gush of blood that preceded the tiny form the healer drew from between her gory thighs. She took a shuddery breath, then another weaker one. Elladan's mouth tightened and he looked at Thranduil in sorrow. The king caught his wife to him and implored her to stay, to fight on. Her eyes flickered with awareness for one instant. She whispered something to him. And then she slumped into his arms, her body limp and unmoving. Thranduil hoarsely cried out her name then clutched her tightly in his arms. Their children came forward, the daughters weeping, the sons white with grief. Elrohir sighed dolorously then glanced down at the child that lay between its mother's legs. A male child. It lay as still as she. A bloodied rag doll to all appearances. The healer had not troubled to swaddle it and present it to the king. Elrohir sighed again. He bent over the poor thing and stroked its cheek with a finger. The infant was tinier than normal, shockingly pallid and cold to the touch. To the untrained eye, he would have been deemed lifeless ere he emerged from his mother's womb. Indeed, to the healers of the Woodland Realm, the child was beyond recall. The Halls of Awaiting would play host not only to the late queen but also to the youngest prince of the kingdom. But Elrohir, child of Elrond, did not make assumptions that easily or quickly. Something caught his eye and he leaned down closer to study the babe. And then, to the midwife's surprise, he snatched up a blanket, wrapped the little body in it and lifted the child into his arms. To the Elf-woman's puzzlement, he held the still small form close, as if warming the babe's body with his own. He snuck a finger into the blue-ringed mouth and extracted a coil of mucus that had blocked the child's air passage. And then he pressed his mouth to the infant's. Over and again, he breathed into the child's mouth while his fingers lightly but purposefully palpitated the unmoving chest. The midwife stared at him, frowning at what she considered his folly. The babe was no more. The Peredhel was wasting his breath and time on a corpse. She shook her head disapprovingly when Elladan made no move to stop his brother then turned her attention to the sad business of cleaning up the dead queen. It was then that a thready wail rent the air. Heads jerked up in shock and eyes homed in on Elrond's younger son. Elrohir did not cease in his life-giving ministrations but only lifted his lips from the infant's mouth occasionally to allow the latter to draw breath on his own. And draw breath the child did. Fitfully at first and with many a wheeze and sputtering cry. But each cry became stronger and longer and the wheezing slowly diminished until, with one heave of his tiny lungs, the babe let out a lusty wail. The healers stared in shock, first at the child and then at Elrohir. The twin had done the impossible in their eyes. He had battled Námo himself for the life of their king's last-born. And won. Elrohir looked across at Elladan and smiled. The smile that mirrored his was just as relieved and triumphant. Thranduil approached the Elf-knight with a look of utter disbelief in his eyes. He stared at his little son. The babe's eyes blinked open to reveal irises the color of purest sapphire. They alighted awhile on the Elf who held him ere moving on to the Elf who had sired him. And then the infant wailed once more, the timber of his cry informing one and all that he was in need of sustenance and soonest. The midwife ran off at once to fetch a wet nurse while Elrohir gently handed the precious bundle into the befuddled Elvenking's arms. "Have you a name for him?" he quietly asked. Thranduil gazed down at his child, eyes gleaming with grateful tears. "Aye, his mother named him with her last breath," he replied. He looked at Elrohir and said: "She wished to call him Legolas." Elrohir smiled faintly. "May this forest one day be as blessed anew, my lord," he murmured. Thranduil studied the younger twin, aware of the meaning behind his words. He nodded in acknowledgement. They both looked down at the now fussing babe. Mirkwood's little Greenleaf gazed back at them, his eyes like the most brilliant of jewels. Glossary: ethuil – Sindarin for spring Edhil – Elves To be continued …