a fight, with Menelcar.' 'Oh' There was a silence. 'Did you win ?' Eldarion was glad that at least one person was interested in the very matter. 'I was going to but Alcarin stopped me before.' 'What a shame !' 'Ailiniel, do you know wether Nana is aware of it ?' 'I think so. I overheard her talking about you with Ada.' 'Is she angry ?' 'To begin with, yes. But Ada told her what Menelcar said and then, she wasn't anymore. Or at least, she wasn't with you.' 'That's alright then.' 'Well, I'm not going to stay, it'd be better if no one see me. How long are you being punished ?' 'Until dinner' 'See you later so.' 'See you later…' The soft pace of Ailiniel disapeared soon. Just at time for he heard other steps coming towards. He quickly left the door, sat on his bed, his back against the wall and watched his mother entered the room and sit beside him. Arwen sweeped away the brown curls from his forehead. 'I want you to know I am proud of that you have defended your family.' She said. 'But not of the way you did it. Raising your fists is not the first solution you should use when someone disagree with you.' 'I do know' he answered. 'But that's stronger than me. I tried to not hit him, I swear you…' 'I believe you and I know it's difficult. But I would very like that it won't happen anymore and that I won't find you in this state. I do not appreciate someone hurting my son.' 'Oh, don't worry about that,' he said, 'Menelcar speaks a lot but when he has to act, his hands are as clumsy as a newborn foal's legs.' 'Maybe, but look at you ! Or should I suppose that it is nothing compared to Menelcar's look ? 'Er…' Eldarion looks a bit ashamed. 'I think you can say this like that.' 'You have to think about the consequences before getting into these fights. Use your head !' 'But I used it !' He said showing the part of his forhead which had hit Menelcar's. 'I almost knocked him out !' he added with a large grin. 'And you mustn't be proud of that, young man.' She answered, giving him a stern gaze. Eldarion's grin disapeared. 'So, what do you want me to do ?' he sighed. 'To keep on thinking about other solutions than violence. And to apologize tomorrow, as Ada asked you.' 'It will be difficult…' 'Maybe, but I want you to do it, and Menelcar too.' She said coming back to the door. 'Are you leaving me here ?' cried Eldarion. 'You are suppose to stay there until dinner, aren't you ?' 'Yes… But I thought you weren't angry anymore…' he said with pleading eyes. 'Eldarion, this is not because Ailiniel told you I weren't that I will lift the punishment.' His mother answered with a small grin. And she went out, leaving Eldarion to his thoughts about Elves and their bloody sixth sense. When at least the bell announced the evening meal, Eldarion burst out of his room, ran down the stairs and entered the dining room where his mother and Ailiniel already were, and his father too, speaking with a tall black-haired man, clad in traveller clothes. When Eldarion came in, he turned to him. 'Well ! At least ! I was getting hungry !' 'Mae govannen, Elladan !' answered Eldarion, greeting his uncle. Then he looked around and noticed that the other twin was not there. 'Isn't Elrohir with you ?' he asked. 'He is, but he is taking a bath or something like that. Long is the road from Imladris.' 'Indeed, and you should get clean too, you stink.' said Elrohir when he came in. 'Mae govannen Eldarion !' he added. Eldarion greeted him too and then, after the Standing Silence, all sat at the great table covered of many meals. 'So Eldarion,' said Elladan, swallowing his mouthful of roasted chicken, 'Why haven't we seen you earlier ? You are always the first to welcome hosts !' Eldarion looked annoyed. 'He couldn't, he was being punished.' Said Ailiniel instead. 'I see…' said Elrohir 'And can we know why ?' 'Er… got into a fight…' Eldarion mumbled. 'For the third time this week' added Arwen 'Ah, yes, a bit too much isn't it ?' said Elladan. 'But let us speak about something more cheerful !' he added to put an end at his nephew's embarassement. 'We brought small things you will surely enjoy.' And he pull two books with black leather covers from his bag and presented one to Ailiniel. 'This is the story of Beren and Luthien Tinùviel. I thought you would enjoy reading your ancestor's story.' Ailiniel took the book and ran her finger on the silver letters on the cover. 'Thank you' she said softly. 'And for you, this is the story of the deeds of Maedhros the Great, son of Fëanor.' Said Elladan holding the other book out to Eldarion. 'But please, do not try to imit him !' 'I will do my best,' answered Eldarion, laughing. 'You are going to move all Imladris library if you keep on bringing books each time you visit !' cried Arwen 'No, don't worry Arwen !' chuckled Elrohir. 'Erestor wouldn't tolerate it. He would give his life for his books, and I have no intention to kill him, we need him too much, Elladan is a so bad ruler !' 'Hey ! I'm not so bad !' cried his brother. They all laughed. They continued to talk for all the evening, the two brothers telling stories of their aventures (and sometimes the troubles they got into because of that). It was almost midnight when Eldarion and Ailiniel couldn't hide their yawns anymore and were sent to bed though they were still assuming they were not tired at all. So, guys I hope you enjoy it! Please review!