body tightened unbearably, recklessly and treacherously, and passion unstoppable stormed through his loins, till in that crest of release the proud Galadhrim knew nothing of awareness safe the hot, sticky heat spilling, seemingly endlessly, over himself. Blood ceased its howling in Haldir's ears, and he could hear, once more in the peace unpunctuated by the echo of leather of steel against flesh, the sighs of the wind and the trees. His feet began to stretch for purchase again, and not a moment too soon, for Legolas reached up and unfastened his belt, and Haldir fell to the ground, forehead pressed against the smooth tree trunk, groaning softly as feeling came back into his arms. It was a good feeling, despite the relentless burn in his back and legs. It was more bearable with freedom of movement, and the knowledge that the beating was done. He spat out his gag and looked over for Legolas, to see the Elf sitting, back against the tree, legs bent at the knee and arms resting wide. It was a contemplative position, and the upward tilt of his head was no longer an act calculated to present nonchalant arrogance, but an unconscious expression of pensiveness. He saw that what stormy humor Legolas had had was now blown over, and that all hostility had left his being. "Legolas," said Haldir, when he had regained breath. His tongue and felt strangely free without the leather piece. In Haldir, too, was resentment or anger absent. "Your passion is yet unquenched." It was an observation, not a statement of consequence; and yet, with his own fluids a wet and cool reminder, he said, "let me." Legolas murmured, "no." Haldir hesitated, then, though movement made him wince, continued to reach for Legolas. The Northener seemed not to notice his actions until Haldir's fingers brushed Legolas's thigh. "Haldir," Legolas said decisively, but gently. "Thank you, but no. I have kept my own passion countless times before and will do so once more. Too much have I imposed on you this night. No more will I do so." Haldir withdrew his hand; because of his back, he remained on his knees in silence. Again he looked at Legolas, musing over yet another transformation in him. He had arrived in good humor, which had been overtaken by a frenzy of combat, which had in turn given way to frighteningly impassive control, and at present he was in a state of benign introspection. "Haldir of Lorien," began Legolas with a meditative air, "you were not deserving of my wrath. In truth, despite my words, no honor was slighted, for we all know well your burden to bear. More so, for those that have walked far, are all the more weighted with their thoughts of home. Will you forgive my callowness and unreason?" "With all my heart", replied Haldir. "I have known warriors to have strange and uncommonly brutal passions, brought on by battle lust or grief; you have been over Mountain and beneath Cave, and have had to restrain yourself amongst the children, and you have suffered the loss of one of your Company. Small wonder that your moods are fey! The warrior's tryst is after all not a gentle thing. "But, Legolas," he continued, "you would not have been imposing, for me to –" he paused to think of his words. He leaned forward in earnest, waiting till Legolas turned to him before speaking. "You would not have been imposing, had I had served your arousal earlier." Legolas raised a slender brow, but did not speak as Haldir added sincerely, "Not, of course, that you would have difficulty finding such comfort from others amongst the Galadhrim, handsome as you are!" Legolas smiled and replied, "Aye, and just as surely the great Marchwarden of Lorien could easily find one worthy of his effort!" At this both Elves laughed lightly, indulging in some harmless vanity. They made their way back to the flet, where Haldir, with much care for his abused skin, exchanged his soiled leggings for a clean pair. They spoke for a time of their homes and recounted stories from their travels. Presently, cooled from his exertions, Legolas dressed back in his clothes. Though Haldir wanted to follow suit, he grimaced even to sit, and so he sank back to his knees with a thought as to how long more he should rest. Not much longer, he decided, rotating his stiff and sore wrists. They were coated with an oily, strong smelling substance meant to help healing. Haldir had declined its use on his back, saying that it was a precious mixture, "Unnecessary," Haldir pronounced, with a touch of loftiness, "for mere beatings." Legolas smiled then, perhaps deliberately, narrowing his eyes to a lazy, half lidded gaze that stroked languorously over Haldir's body. They lingered long on Haldir's wrists and the faint but telling blush which had reappeared. Haldir returned his stare with an implacable, steady calm, although his body was not completely unaffected. The air thickened once again, but Legolas broke it. "Enough!" he said, his eyes turned merry once more. "No more shall I impose, I said!" "And you would not be imposing, I said," Haldir countered insistently. "As for that, it is too quick a thought," Legolas said. "I will go, and not without regret to leave your company. I will see you alone again before we depart, if you are agreeable, though not within the week – I would not deprive the Galadhrim of their captain again so soon!" "I would like that," replied Haldir. "Though I will not be here after a week – we move often to keep ourselves familiar with our forest." "Then I will seek you out again. And then, we shall see," said Legolas, and with that parting comment he waved to Haldir and leapt lightly from the flet. END Tell me how you liked it - how the language was for you, the characters, the ... everything. Thank you for reading! Yours, Cockerel.