considered. Besides she didn't want to marry some child, even if he was going to be king some day. Turning she bumped into one of Eomer's entourage. He was taller than any man she had ever seen before- even taller than the elf she had once met. His voice was a deep friendly burr, as he spoke to her. "You're Eowyn's daughter are you not? Why didn't you come down to meet us?" The voice was gently teasing. Alysa remembered her manners and curtsied, though she was aware of how ridiculous it looked in her short summer dress and bare feet. "I was instructed to wait here sir." "Well, we musn't disobey your mother. I hope to meet you again some time, princess." The man whose name she realised belatedly she didn't know, moved off down the steps, leaving Alysa staring in bewilderment after him. Technically she wasn't a princess, though she was in line for the throne of Rohan, Eomer not having married yet and produced children. And her father was only Steward of Gondor. Turning she saw Aoreth, bustling towards her. "You look a mess child," she puffed. "You must change at once." The only dress which fit Alysa properly was her winter robe, made of heavy velvet, and lined with fur. It was far too hot and thick to wear in the warm summer sunshine, especially if she was going riding, and Alysa wondered if she dared protest. At the gleam in Aoreth's eye she subsided though, and put it on uncomplainingly, and later submitted to being led to the table, and sat at the end of the table, next to the man she had met on the stairs. She tried to puzzle out his rank. He was sat on the high dais, and on his other side was her father. He must be high ranking, but she was certain that she had met most of the high ranking people in Rohan. Besides he did not look as though he was from Rohan- he didn't share the blond hair, and brown eyes of that race. Indeed he was as dark haired as a Gondor man, with blue eyes that neither race had usually. A faint foreign tang twisted the words he spoke. He noticed her and smiled. "You are King Eomer's niece?" She nodded warily. "Yes sir." She waited for him to introduce himself, but nothing was forthcoming. What he said next, came as a shock however. "Why are you wearing that bonnet? In my country we do not make the little girls wear such things." Alysa was struck on the raw. "It is not a bonnet, and I am not a little girl. It is my own business if I choose to wear such a thing, and I would thank you to remember your manners." She stopped, horrified, and looked to see if her father had heard her. He had, and a faint frown appeared above his eyes. She made haste to apologise. "My apologies sir," she said, casting down her eyes, though she was silently seething. "I did not mean to be so discourteous." A laugh rumbled. "No my apologies princess. It was rude of me to ask." Flicking her eyes up, to see if her father had turned, she asked "May I know your name?" "Why would you want to know something like that, princess?" Alysa stopped frustrated. This man was being irritating, and she injected a little frost into her voice as on many occasions she had heard her mother do. "I am not a princess, sir." She didn't tell him her exact rank, or how to address her. Let him struggle for words for a bit. "I wish to know your name, so I can know how to courteously address you." "It is the custom of my people, to not tell their true name to just anyone. But I will give you a name you may call me. Raneth." Alysa bit her lip in frustration at his obtuseness. She didn't want his name! She wanted his rank, after all she wasn't going to be calling him by his first name. "I see. Thank you sir." She cast her eyes back down to the table, signifying that their conversation was finished. He seemed to sense that, and turned to politely discourse with her father throughout the rest of the meal. Alysa didn't speak again, until three hours later, when the banquet was over. As they left the banquet hall, her uncle Eomer caught up. Again she curtsied, but waited for him to address her. "Are you coming to court this year niece Alysa?" "I am afraid not uncle. I do not believe my mother wishes me to come. Perhaps next year." "Surely you are old enough. I will speak to her about it." His eyes lingered on the odd garment on her head, and he made a mental note to speak to Eowyn about it. Surely it wasn't necessary to make the child look so odd. She was plain enough as it was, without something like that to accentuate it. Alysa hesitated, and then asked. "Uncle who was the man I sat beside?" "That was Prince Raneth. He's part of the trade deputation from the Easterlings. A sort of goodwill token." Alysa did not reply. A Prince? And she had been so rude to him. Her head dropped a little lower with shame. "I see Uncle. Thank you." More is already written so if you fancy reading it, just review. Alysa may appear to be a little know it all, but children in the sort of time period spoken of, would have been very well trained in matters of rank, precedence and social order. I don't hate Eowyn in the least. In fact she is one of my favourite book characters. This is meant to be an exploration of what might have been/ have happened. After all I can imagine someone like Eowyn being seriously frustrated with being a wife and a mother.