and that completely. Only death, or the Sea, would separate them, and their memory was honoured in the loved one's heart. So the news that the king had fallen after three centuries alone, for the charms of a barely adolescent elf, was both worrying and unnatural. The foolishness of old age, Elrond would have been tempted to think, if he had not known that Thraundil was anything but senile. And for Anerion's part, it was impossible that she should be in love with the king, and to be willing to marry without love... there were many conclusions which could be drawn from that. He pulled himself out of his thoughts, feeling Estel's worried eyes. "Elladan is in the stables." He resolved to have a discussion with the King. On his way to the hall, he noticed how unnaturally quiet the place was. He didn't know that it was like that every time the king and his son argued. Pausing at the entrance to the hall, he stood hidden by the shadows for a moment. "You will respect Anerion, for that is my will." "Father, she is not even thirty, far too young for marriage. And you, you should remember my mother better than to supplant her with some twig of a child, interested only in power." The king's voice was enraged. "How dare you? Of course Anerion and I have no plans to wed yet. Years will pass, as she prepares to be queen. But until then you shall remain loyal, and silent." The king's voice hardened. "Tread carefully my son. Any child she may have, could pose a threat to your inheritance. Is that your worry, your concern? That another child would supplant you." Disdain filled Legolas's voice. "No father. Only you would think of me that, that was my worry. Being king holds no interest for me, and no power over my actions. And I will leave, rather than see you make a fool of yourself with an elf so much younger." "Do you desire her then?" "Never." "Of course not. You desire no elf do you Legolas? You would let the line die without an heir, through want of love. But I can see your heart, and I know what lies within. Do not think you can hide it from me. Leave then. You shall not be missed. Do not return, until your mind is less stubborn." Elrond saw Legolas leave the hall head held high. "I shall never return, if your lover is crowned." Elrond stepped in. The king's face was pinched white with temper, but he attempted a courteous smile. Elrond hesitated. What to say? It seemed the king would be swayed by neither reason, nor logic. It would be better to tackle Anerion. The King spoke first though, and saved him the trouble of formulating a reason for approaching. "Lord Elrond, could I beg a favour of you? My son is wayward and headstrong, and I worry for him. Would you be good enough to allow him to remain at Rivendell for the time being?" Elrond bowed and acquiesced. Making his apologies he left as swiftly as he could. Going to the stables, he saw Legolas saddling up, his face still strained with anger. With a pat, Elrond calmed the restless stallion, and spoke. "Come to Rivendell Legolas. There, rest with us and consider your actions. Now is not the time for rash actions." Legolas leaned his head against his horse. "I am confused Lord Elrond. It is generous of you to offer this sanctuary. But sometimes I just need to get away from everything and everyone, and I can do that best alone in the forest." It was a dismissal no matter how politely worded, but Elrond took no offence. "At Rivendell, no-one will disturb you if you do not wish it. It is a place of quiet contemplation, but also merriness if you so wish it. Think over it." He left to find Anerion. She was in her parent's chambers, humming as she brushed out her long dark hair until it flowed in a heavy gleaming mass down her back. Elrond tried to speak but she continued humming. Finally he sat down beside her, and spoke. "Have you thought about this properly?" She turned a look of cool disdain on him. "Of course I have." "Do you love him then?" She didn't reply, merely continued brushing slowly. Then... "I don't choose to have this conversation. I want you to leave my room." Smiling grimly Elrond looked upon her. "I might remind you that you are still to go back to Rivendell until your parents decree otherwise." "My parents have agreed to my marriage. And they have also agreed that I may stay in Mirkwood until such a time as I am ready to participate in the ceremonies. Thank you for your time Master Elrond. I appreciate all you have done for me." The cool insolence of her tone, would have infuriated anyone else. Elrond merely looked at her with pity, and left the room. He wouldn't even bother talking to her parents. If they were foolish enough to be deceived by what was going on, on the outside of Anerion then their eyes would be closed to anything that he chose to tell them. The last week they spent at Mirkwood was not a happy one. The anger between the father and son, the proposed marriage of Anerion all contrived to put a dampener on festivities, and on the last night, Legolas came to Elrond. His eyes were as cold and hard as stones, and his strong mouth was set firm. "May I travel with you to Rivendell?" he asked. Elrond nodded. Estelturned bewildered eyes to them, too polite to ask what was happening, and no-one chose to enlighten him. Not much of a cliffhanger to leave it upon, but if I continue to write anymore it's going to get fairly unwieldy. Hope you enjoyed it, and certainly reviews would be appreciated.