in the Undying Lands. But they did not want ceremony or pageantry to mark their departure. Had they been able to simply leave, they would have done so, but such would not have been fair to the children of Gondor they had been so close to. They made their farewells to the tearful princesses, who then pulled back with the guard to wait while their brother said a last good-bye to the two who had nearly been as parents to him. "My friends," he said, voice raspy, and embraced them. "May your rule long endure," Legolas said quietly, "and may it be as blessed as that of him whom you follow." Gimli's eyes shone with tears. "You'll make us proud, lad," he said gruffly. Legolas nodded, both of them certain of their faith in him. "Fare you both well," Eldarion whispered, smiling through his tears. "And you as well, Son of Aragorn," Legolas replied as he and Gimli stepped onto the ship. The sunlight shone with golden fire on the sails of the ship, and on the staggered heights of those who stood upon its deck. A long, thin arm was lifted briefly in farewell, and the moorings were cast away. The eyes of none of the House of Telcontar were dry that day as they watched the last of the Fellowship of the Ring finally and forever depart Middle-earth. The light glimmered long on the sails as the children of Aragorn and Arwen watched it slowly slip away on the water, then it sparkled and was lost. They stood long, watching the empty waves, then turned as one and slowly returned to Gondor, feeling as if an Age had ended. For these now-grown children who had never known their grandfather or great-grandmother, Legolas and Gimli had signified, for them, the last of the Age of the War of the Ring. When they left Middle-earth, something went with them that they would never have again. With joyous, tearful eyes and sad smiles, they left the banks of the Anduin behind and returned to Gondor. ... Legolas's far-seeing eyes stared long at the vanished shore, watching his last view of Middle-earth. Gimli, however, had lost sight of it miles ago. He had turned his attention to the other side of the ship, looking towards the West. Legolas at last turned away as the world fell into the distance, and he walked over to stand by his friend. "You will not see it for some time, Master Dwarf," he informed his friend with a smile. Gimli glared up at him. "I'm fully aware of that, Master Elf. But while some of us have been busy feeling nostalgic, the rest of us have been keeping our attention in the direction we're sailing. Someone needs to be aware of what we're heading towards, lest we run aground or tip the boat over." Legolas's smile vanished into a perfectly neutral expression. "As we are in the hands of such a capable sailor, I saw no need to involve myself in the steering of the ship." Gimli harrumphed and turned away, obviously choosing to end the conversation before it got any sillier than it already had. The two of them stared at the empty sea for a time in companionable silence. The gentle breeze seemed to carry a sweet fragrance, and the faint sound of singing. There was rain on the distant horizon, waiting with the far-off dawn, but the silver drops would be gentle and uplifting when they reached them. One could almost imagine the white shores on the other side of the pale gray cloud... "Gimli," Legolas's soft voice broke the silence with trepidation. Gimli stared at the waves ahead of him, waiting while his friend decided on his words. "If you wish, we still can turn back. Should you desire to return to Middle-earth, I would gladly wait a time before I make my own journey." Gimli raised an eyebrow. "Think you that I go because I could not bear to be at last relieved of your foolish, flighty company? Would your friendship be enough to tear a sensible dwarf from the soil of Middle-earth?" He snorted in disbelief. "Nay, I go to see the fairest thing that ever was in Middle-earth, long ago departed. I go to see the Lady Galadriel, my friend, not you. Personally, I cannot wait to be saved at last from your annoying presence. You are merely lucky that I put up with your foolishness in order to journey to see the Lady once more. There is nothing else about your company to recommend it to intelligent persons." Gimli grinned slyly up at his friend, thinking that a healthy bit of humor was just the thing to shake off this unwelcome disposition that had come over him. Legolas, however, was not in the mood for banter. The elf was in a serious frame of mind, and wanted a serious answer. "One does not depart from Valinor. If you have any reservations—" Gimli shook his head and smiled, interrupting the elf. "If I had reservations, I long ago sorted them out. Nay, my friend, I fear that you will have to endure my presence for a time yet." Legolas at last relaxed. "Good," he said quietly. "I would not wish to journey without you." "Without my level head to keep your mind from wandering away with the stars, you'd never make it there," Gimli insisted stoutly. "I couldn't let your flighty elvish self get lost on the way. Someone has to look after you and make certain you don't do anything foolish." Legolas laughed. "I can think of few things as foolish as bringing a dwarf to Valinor." Gimli snorted. "I can think of few things as foolish as a dwarf desiring to go there among you ridiculous elves," he answered. Legolas put a hand on the dwarf's shoulder. "I am glad you're with me, elvellon ," he said gently. "So am I," Gimli replied softly. "So am I."