she remembered. The midwives busied themselves, knowing that soon their queen would be ready to push the baby out and deliver it into the world. Amrod watched in curiosity as the midwives got a small tub and laid blankets inside of it. "What is that for?" he asked. "This is a birthing tub, to catch the babe when it is born." "Was I born the same way?" "Yes, I remember it well," said one of the midwives, "you were a breech baby and we didn't think that you or you mother would survive. But by Valar's grace you both did." "And became the fine strong man you are today." Whispered his mother, she paled suddenly as her abdomen contracted violently and gasped for breath. "Amrod my son, it is time. I feel the need to push." She grasped the sheets on the bed and groaned, pushing against the pain. The midwives helped her out of bed when the contraction was over and with her son behind her to catch her if she fell; they guided her over to the birthing tub. It pained Amrod to see his mother in so much agony, but he knew from what the midwives told him that this part of the birthing process and that the worst was yet to come. Putting her arms around the shoulders of the midwives for support, she slowly went into a squatting position over the tub. Sweat poured from her body, drenching her ebony black hair. Amrod continued to put a cool cloth on her forehead and swept the sweat-drenched hair from her face. Much to Amrod's shock, his mother let out a blood-curdling scream. She used all her strength to push as her stomach contracted with every push. The midwives told Amrod to rub her back, to help ease her pain some. He rubbed her back in smooth circles as she panted with each effort of pushing. Her body relaxed a little and she let her head slump against her son's shoulder. This worried Amrod because he knew that his mother needed all her strength to push the baby out. His thoughts were broken by his mother's weak voice. "Riana, I feel like I'm going to throw up." Amrod quickly got the basin for his mother and she did indeed got sick. After it was over he wiped his mother's mouth for her as she shivered violently. "Is mother all right?" he asked worriedly. "Don't worry our prince, it will soon be over and the babe will be born soon." As if on cue Lillian screamed as her abdomen contracted again and she began to push. At first Amrod thought that his mother was going to knock the midwives down as she pulled at them with every effort of her pushing, groaning and screaming as the pain intensified. Finally with great relief for the midwives Lillian screamed. "I feel burning, it's coming the baby is coming." And with a great effort of pushing she felt the babe enter the birth canal. She got sick once again and with all her might, bearing down and screaming till she could scream no more, she pushed until she felt the babe leave the birth canal, her child was born. Amrod got up rubbing his legs after being numb for kneeling in one position for so long. He heard the baby cry and knew it to be all right, even though it was born early. He went outside to where his father was waiting, pacing the floor like a madman. "She had the baby, mom and babe are fine." Suddenly the room started to spin around him and before his father could do anything he collapsed to the floor and everything went black. LOTRLOTRLOTRLOTRLOTR Thranduil sat beside the bed of his ailing son. His wife and newborn son were asleep in the birthing room so as soon as it was possible he went to the beside of Amrod. His eldest son looked deathly pale as he laid there, his breath coming in quick gasps. It had taken all the efforts of the healers to bring his fever down and several stitches to close up his wound. Amrod moaned in his sleep and the king put a cool hand on his son's fevered brow. His son risked his life and his health to save his mother, and now he laid here in the healing rooms, no one knowing that he was going to live or die. Tears fell down the king's face as he knelt beside his son's bed, and he prayed that Valar would spare his son and let him live. LOTRLOTRLOTRLOTRLOTR Amrod woke with the sun shining through the windows. At first he didn't know where he was but then realized that sometime last night he collapsed and so he knew that he was in the healing wards. He turned his head and saw his father asleep in a chair, with a bundle of blankets in his arms. "Ada," he croaked. The king awoke with a start, causing the babe that was sleeping his arms to cry. Thranduil quietly talked to the baby and it finally calmed down, gurgling and cooing happily to itself. "Well, I guess you know that you baby brother has already made his presence known. How are feeling son?" "Still a little tired and weak." Thranduil put a hand on his son's forehead. "Your fever is gone too." The newborn cooed again, his little fist grabbing some of his father's hair. "Can I see him father?" The king leaned down and Amrod pulled down the blanket. The babe had a head-full of blond hair and Amrod couldn't help but smile at the infant's beautiful blue eyes. The babe clasped his tiny fingers around his brother's and laughed. "What is his name ada?" "His name is Legolas, which means Greenleaf." Amrod looked on lovingly at his baby brother and before closing his eyes in sleep again he whispered lovingly. "Welcome to the world, little Legolas." The End. 9