beauty in a marsh; the sort of place that sends most people running for the 100% DEET bug destroyer and the air conditioning. I have floated in a sea kayak on the broad reaches of the Susquehanna River, on small slow-moving creeks, in the salt marshes of Assateague Island, feeling every ripple of the water under my seat, hearing every rustle of daylilly and reed, the ratcheting call of the kingfisher, the croak of a blue heron. I know the beauties of which Voronwe speaks. Salt or fresh water, the edges of rivers, or barrier islands are rich nurseries of life. They are resting places for migrants, from waterfowl to raptors to butterflies. Young fish and young birds start their lives here. Sediments flow down from the land and settle, forming a rich substrate for life. Mosquitoes take the blood of large lifeforms and recycle it back into the life of the marsh, as they themselves are eaten. As for Voronwe, even the buzz of flies is beautiful to him. The whole rich web of life that he is experiencing down to its smallest part fascinates him, and it is in sharp contrast to the darkness that lurks like a shadow to the north. I Have You Now Ulmo will not have his plans so easily botched. Voronwe tells Tuor: "It came into my heart to make a raft..." He floats it out on the "bright bosom of Sirion". You can almost see Ulmo's grin... Aha! I have you now! Water is the most powerful stuff on earth, and the Vala of the Waters is not to be trifled with. Even a deceptively broad, slow current can be more powerful than even the mightiest paddler or the best boat. You can't fight water, you must dance with it. Voronwe's raft is blown downriver to the Sea. "Thus I came last of the messengers to Cirdan." Ah yes, been there, done that. I was born late. I think (she says hopefully) that it is the sign of a creative mind. It is also the sign of a time when clocks and factories and offices did not exist, when the world ran on the rythms of sun and moon and tide and season. When the texture of the snow under your feet had more meaning than where the second hand was. When the direction of the wind meant more than being at a meeting at precisely ten. In the various historical recreation groups I have belonged to, none paid much attention to clocks. Native American People comment about running on "Indian Time"...that's whenever you get there. Of the seven ships that Turgon asked to be built, all but one were finished by the time Voronwe arrives. And one by one, they set sail into the West. "But the salt air of the sea now stirred anew the heart of my mother's kin within me, and I rejoiced in the waves, learning all ship-lore as were it already stored in the mind...and I feared not, for the ships of the Teleri no water may drown." I had originally pictured these as sort of extreme viking longships; long, narrow, sea-worthy vessels with one mast and a square-rigged sail (and no belowdecks). The film ships had lateen rigged sails; the yard holding the sail angled sharply, the hull longshiplike. A friend of mine, who knows a bit more about ships that I ever could, suggests that the Numenoreans (who learned their sea-craft from the Elves) had a highly advanced sea-going culture. So the Elves, who had many millenia to perfect their skill, may have had something more akin to the extreme clippers that appeared just before the Age of Steam brought an end to the clouds of canvas harnessing the wind. "But the Great Sea is terrible...and it hates the Noldor...worse things it holds than to sink into the abyss...I will not darken your heart, son of Middle-earth, with the tale of my labour seven years in the Great Sea from the North even unto the South, but never to the West. For that is shut against us." Voronwe is the sole survivor of that odyssey (My Webster dictionary claims the epic poem by Homer about the wanderings of Odysseus took place in the ten years after the fall of Troy, so the original odyssey was a bit longer than Voronwe's). Perhaps Voronwe was chosen by Ulmo because his blood combines the two peoples, Noldor and Teleri, who are at the roots of the conflict. The final blow in Voronwe's awful odyssey comes within sight of land, of home; the last ship has survived and returned, then the storm to end all storms blows up, and "the waves hunted us like living things filled with malice..." The unsinkable ship is broken and Voronwe is lifted by a great wave and deposited by the Vinyamar seawall, where Tuor finds him. Voronwe began his quest young, inexperienced, a bit naive. He began with hope. The bright hope of the young who have never had their dreams dashed against the rocks. Now he has endured an odyssey of "loathing and loneliness, madness, terror of wind and tumult, and silence, and shadows where all hope is lost and all living shapes pass away. And many shores evil and strange...and many islands of danger and fear..." He has endured the bitter loss of "all my friends that went with me so long and so far, beyond the sight of mortal lands." But even so, he has memories of glimpsing mountains from afar, mountains at the far far edge of the world. Were they the mountains of his long home, of the Blessed Realm? He knows not."Far far away they stand, and none from mortal lands shall come there again, I deem..." Little does he know that at the bitter end of his rope, in the depths of his failure, he is beginning a quest which will send Earendil to those far mountains and beyond. Hope is not, after all lost.