This time Aragorn turned to Gandalf, as the wizard went on, more loudly this time, "A great forest this was indeed, and great it will be again." Now Legolas turned to Gandalf with a melancholy smile. "She still is a great wood Gandalf, for beneath this shadow lies many millennia of memories. I can feel them even now when the shadow is darkest. Sauron himself could not wipe out such memories." "You can sense the memories in these trees then?" Aragorn asked, his voice tinged with wonder. Legolas merely nodded. He then turned and grinned at the ranger. "Yes. I could even feel their most recent memories of strange beings walking through their paths so that I myself could follow them without being seen." Gandalf snorted. "Well unluckily for you mellonin, wizards too have memories and I have not yet forgotten my own vow for revenge." A wave of relief washed over the Istari's face at the elf's carefree laugh, glad to have brought him out of his melancholy mood. Legolas then responded in a blithe, musical voice in elvish, "Up from the earth swordsmen, elves as old as the earth, from wells, swordsmen, from rivers, crossbowmen! Rise up, forest, with your elves, the whole backwoods with your people, old dwarf of the Mountain with your forces, water demon with your terrors, mistress of the water with your spirits, oldest woman of the water with your powers, maidens from every swale, fine ladies from quagmires, to aid a solitary elf, as comrades for a famous elf prince, so that a wizard's arrows will not cut, neither a seer's weapons nor an ill-disposed sorcerer's staff!"** Aragorn and Gandalf both chuckled at the elf's song, but stopped abruptly when Legolas halted, his hands tensing around his elvish bow. "What is it Legolas?" Gandalf queried, straining to see whatever it was that disturbed the elf. "There are orcs here," Legolas flatly replied, to which Aragorn immediately unsheathed his sword and Gandalf lifted his staff protectively, but Legolas only shook his head and continued. "They are not near… or not near enough to yet be a threat to us. We should be safe especially as we get closer to my father's realm. But nevertheless, we must be wary." The other two nodded and they continued on, their mood returning to a silent melancholy. As they neared the elvish realm of Mirkwood, the weakening of the shadow was almost palpable. The tingles down his spine stopped and Aragorn marveled at the increasing color and light shining through the tall trees. It was as if the elves were fighting back the shadow with their own ethereal glow. Gandalf and Legolas visibly began to relax, much to Aragorn's relief, though he once again felt eyes on him. "Does anyone else feel as if they are being watched?" he asked, suspiciously scanning their surroundings. "Aye, it is similar to the feeling I had when we first entered Mirkwood," the wizard grumbled, shooting a sharp glance at the elf. "It is my father's guards," Legolas stated simply. "They have been watching us for some time now, but do not let them bother you. They know it is me and they will not disturb us." Aragorn nodded and smiled slightly as he looked up into the tall trees around him. Though he could feel them, he could not for his life see or hear any indication that elves were watching them. Though this changed suddenly as a familiar noise recurred causing the ranger's reserved smile to grow into a wide grin. *plunk* "Ai, for the love of Elbereth!" came a strained groan from the unlucky target of the renegade acorn. Legolas turned around and laughed at the disgruntled wizard, a bright gleam in his eyes. "You see it is not me but the trees that are creating mischief today!" Aragorn snickered and shook his head. Wood elves certainly were fascinating beings. Just when he thought Gandalf might actually whack the elf with his staff, they came to an intricately carved wooden bridge, leading over a small, but rapid river. Across the bridge was a great slope covered with beeches, creating a hodgepodge of dancing shadows and light. These shadows however were unlike the dark, fell shadows of the outskirts of Mirkwood. Instead of spiders, Aragorn sensed birds in the trees and he even spotted some flowers growing haphazardly. But unlike Rivendell which bloomed with an optimistic, magical glow, the land here was full of sorrow. This was the corner Legolas spoke of that the shadow continued to push the elves into. It was the last of the green left in Mirkwood and it was fading, as were its inhabitants. In the slope was a great wooden gate, carved with elvish symbols, leading into what Aragorn assumed to be a great cavern. "And so we arrive at the home of the Woodland King," Gandalf smiled at his two companions. "Aye, indeed we have. Welcome Master Wizard and Master Dunadan to the house of Thranduil," Legolas beamed as he opened the great gate and led them into a labyrinth of passages, glowing with the torches of elf guards, whose songs echoed against the walls of the cavern. TBC…. * Matthew 6:34…I hope quoting this isn't too pretentious. I just wanted to clarify the title…. ** Not mine… This is from the Kalevala. If you don't know what this is (and I wouldn't expect anyone to), it's a collection of poems from the Kaleva district of northern Finland – sort of a folk epic. Tolkien, who taught himself Finnish in order to read the Kalevala, was actually partially influenced by it when he wrote the Lord of the Rings. So anyway, I thought then it would be appropriate for me to quote parts of it, and I may do this more throughout the story when I need an elvish song since I'm too uncreative to make my own. Oh, and I do highly recommend the Kalevala to anyone who likes traditional folklore ….