is it, Damdorf?" One of the dwarves asked. "We have entered a horrifying place where few men ever leave...the woods of Detroitus." Damdorf replied as he held his plunger aloft. The dwarves pulled out their weapons while Dildo pulled out his cricket bat. "What is so bad about this place?" Dildo asked. "It contains many evils both known and unknown to any being that walks these lands. One of the most vile creatures around though has taken refuge here and corrupted many denizens here. It is known as the Kardashian. It is a creature that's lust for power is so great, it will consume all around it. Unfortunately for us, it has from what I can see, teamed up with the Snookies. We must all be fearful." As Damdorf said this, the group heard gunshots from behind them and turned to see a bunch of androgynous men and woman that were mainly blonde and had long hair. All of them wore ragged clothing and glared at the group. "What'chu people doin' 'ere in our neck of the woods? We shoots people who does that!" The elf stated while pumping it's shotgun. Behind the group, they heard a chittering and turned to see horrible creatures even smaller than Dildo that were fat, bulky, and quite horrifying. Words could not describe it. "SNOOKIES!" Damdorf said as he lit a spliff. Then the group ran away while the elves and Snookies fought. The group watched in horror as the Snookies humped the elves to death while the elves shot at each Snookie that they could see. Eventually the group came out to see that the remaining Snookies that were still alive were covered in buck shot and crawled away. The elves shot any that were humped by the Snookies. That meant that they killed themselves since all were humped. The Snookies eventually died of their wounds and the group continued on. This place was one of evil that should never be tampered with. As they walked, they saw an old man with a pair of aviators, an Hawaiian shirt over a wife beater, cargo pants, and boots. "'Ello there!" "Who would you be?" Dildo asked. "I'm Henderson." "First or last name?" "Figure it out. If you want to find what you're looking for then go that way. Also, here is some armor for Dildo." Henderson replied as he handed Dildo a book with some leather straps attached to it. Dildo put it on and knocked on it. "What is this made of?" Dildo asked. "Necronomicon." Henderson stated. The group looked at one another before replying. "Whatever." And they walked away. They continued their journey. "So everyone, would all of you like to do some heavy narcotics?" Damdorf asked. The group agreed to it because they all needed to take a break after the things they had seen. Each took a hit of the crack that they were given and they fell into a drug induced stupor which they came down from after a few hours but before then, they had seen so many horrifying things while tripping balls. "Now that all of us have taken our break, we'll go to the mountain now." Damdorf stated. The group found their paths blocked by a lake full of sewage. "We must go around the lake of contaminated sewage. Now come, come. But before you do, take a hit of my weed." The dwarves and Dildo did so and then they all found themselves before the mountain entrance, much to their confusion. "How did we get here?" Borin asked. "Through the power of addictive narcotics!" Damdorf stated. "Now everyone, go into the mountain and fight the dragon. I'll be waiting here getting high. Now go!" Damdorf stated. The group walked away and got high once again. They came down inside the mountain where they noticed that gold was everywhere. One of the dwarves shouted up, "Look at all this drug money!" "Let's go kill us a dragon." Borin said. They all walked through the gold encased hallways and eventually came out to a room that was filled with a massive dragon. "Who dares enter my realm?" The dragon questioned. "We do, the dwarves and a midget! Now we will destroy you!" Dildo announced. The dragon laughed at them mockingly. "As if. Now I shall sodomize you! Stand back." The dragon revealed a massive schlong that terrified the dwarves. Dildo grinned and pulled out his ring. "Close your eyes." Dildo whispered to the dwarves which they did. Dildo then put the ring on and the mountain was filled with strobe lights which blinded the dragon. Dildo then removed the ring and shouted, "Charge!" The group charged at the dragon and hacked it's schlong off. Then the dragon collapsed to the ground and bled out. Sadly all of the group noticed that the room was filled with a white and sticky substance much to their disgust. Now all of them walked out of the mountain where they saw Damdorg getting high. "We did it." The group announced. "Good. Now you dwarves have your mountain back, Dildo, you may come with me." Damdorf stated. The dwarves left and Dildo was left alone with Damdorf. "Now let us go back. Here, have a spliff." Dildo took the offered narcotic and took a hit. The next minute and he was back in his hovel. "What the…" Dildo said. "We are back, young Saggins. Oh, you also have STD's now. Goodbye." With that, the Narcotic wizard left Dildo and he just went to sit on his sofa. "Wait, I didn't even get laid." Dildo realized. As he said that, the door was busted open and in the doorway stood Miss Piggy. "Let's get this done, shall we." And that is the end. That was a really weird story. What is even weirder is how the sequel contains even weirder stuff and even more of Damdorf. Now I am going to go rest because I am very tired. Hope you enjoyed the story.