face as she watched her sister mouth wordlessly for a moment looking every bit like a fish out of water. After a few moments, Anoriel turned abruptly and sat on the edge of her bed, leaning down to place her head in her hands. "This isn't a good idea, Elli," she whispered, turning a worried gaze to her sister. Eleniel moved to sit next to her sister, leaning her head down to rest on the older girl's shoulder. "We'll be fine, Nori. I promise. We can even take Laeryn with us as long as he doesn't tell Ada...or Dari," she added as an afterthought. "I don't want Ada to know anything about this." She couldn't help the bitterness that crept into her voice and she knew her sister would hear it. "Please, will you come?" With a sigh, Anoriel regarded her sister with a sharp eye for a few moments before nodding. Laughing lightly as the younger girl hugged her enthusiastically, Anoriel added, "Only if Laeryn comes, too." "Agreed!" Eleniel replied as she got up to help her sister pack her things. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The large stone hallways of Minas Tirith were oddly deserted as Eleniel, Anoriel, and Laeryn made their way quietly toward one of the lesser used east entrances. Keeping both her companions within her line of vision, Eleniel slowly slid the large wooden doors at the end of the corridor open, peeking around its edge to see if the guards stood duty there tonight. With a sigh of relief, she realized that they'd been stationed not directly at the door, but down at the eastern gate. Turning over her shoulder to look at her two companions, she motioned silently for them to follow and to be silent as they did so. Eleniel was actually quite surprised with both Laeryn and Anoriel's skill thus far. Laeryn made virtually no noise at all when walking, a testament to that fact that he was best friend's with Eldarion and had trained with Dari and their father. Anoriel was, of course, noisier when she walked, but only by a little. Apparently, she hadn't quite forgotten all the sneaking around she had done with her siblings as children. Now that they were outside the main palace itself, however, and nearing the eastern gate of the city, the three travelers had no need for such secrecy. Stopping, Eleniel turned to the others with a smile. "You two are much quieter than I would have expected. I am certain we got out completely undetected and you didn't tell Eldarion or Father, right?" She asked, leveling her gaze on Laeryn. Laeryn grinned slightly, the moonlight casting blue shadows on his handsome face. "Elli, your confidence in me is astounding. Of course I didn't tell your brother or your father. In all technicality, I am fully allowed to lead a hunting party out anytime I wish as long as Garrell is informed prior to the outing. I told Garrell, of course, but for some very strange reason I was momentarily struck with the worst case of amnesia and couldn't possibly remember who I was taking with me." His grin widened as the two girls laughed. "Well, old Garrell already thinks I'm slightly touched in the head, so naturally he let it pass and just told me to make sure that whoever I was taking came back in once piece. He can't afford to loose any of his soldiers, after all." "I don't know whether to be shocked or amused," Anoriel murmured, turning a perplexed gaze on Laeryn. Laeryn laughed, putting an arm around Anoriel's shoulders and pulling her close. "Oh come now, Princess. Certainly my handsome face and award-winning smile outshine my sordid ways? I would hate to think that such a lovely lady as yourself thinks badly of me." He grinned, every bit the rogue, and tugged lightly on the end of Anoriel's long braid. Anoriel rolled her eyes with a laugh and shoved Laeryn's arm off her shoulder. Eleniel being the keen observer she was, however, even in the moonlight did not miss the lovely flush the reddened Anoriel's cheeks. 'Hm...' Eleniel thought with an inward grin. 'This trip should turn out to be rather interesting.' Adding a light laugh of her own to the jovial atmosphere, Eleniel resettled her pack on her shoulders and made sure her bow, quiver, and dagger were all in easy reach. "So my fellow adventurers, dawn approaches and the wide world awaits. Shall we be off?" "I think we shall," Laeryn replied, checking his pack and weapons as Eleniel had done. "You two had better put your hoods up. The guards won't question my presence or the presence of two soldiers in my company, but I can imagine they'd throw a right fit if they found out the two soldiers were actually Gondor's princesses." With a nod, Eleniel and Anoriel pulled up the large hoods of their traveling cloaks, sufficiently obscuring their features as they followed Laeryn out of the eastern gate and down into the forests beyond. Eleniel's nerves vibrated with excitement as she watched the sun just barely kiss the eastern horizon. Unable to contain her enthusiasm, Eleniel let out a quiet whoop and elbowed her sister, grinning. Anoriel elbowed her back, a slight grin spreading across her own features. Laeryn fell back once they were out of sight of the gate and threw an arm over each of the girls' shoulders. All three companions were in high spirits as they set out to encounter whatever adventures that awaited them. As the sun brushed the treetops around them with gold and adrenaline rushed quickly through their veins, it never occurred to them that perhaps they'd find a bit more adventure then they'd bargained for. A/N: Well, that's it for chapter one! Please review. I don't care whether you tell me you like it or hate it, I'd just like some feedback from my readers! However, be aware that flames will be used to toast marshmallows. Thanks! Tears-of-crystal