he had at least lost the look of anguish he had been wearing ever since Lorien. Still, he resolved to keep a close eye on the Gondorian. While Frodo's task was still the most important to them all, Aragorn felt a responsibility towards Boromir, and he was determined to prevent his friend from being consumed by his demons. Boromir's breath came in gasps and coughs. The arrows in his torso were three burning spots of pain that flared to agony every time he inhaled. The fight between Aragorn and Saruman's monstrous lieutenant flashed in front of his eyes, and although he was willing the Ranger to win, he couldn't seem to really focus on the outcome of the battle. His own failure burned through him like ice. Despite everything, despite the faith of Merry and Pippin, despite the friendship and confidence of Aragorn, he had fallen. He had tried to take the Ring from Frodo, and he had put in jeopardy everything the Fellowship had worked for. And now he had failed to save the other hobbits, and had let them be taken by the orcs. "Boromir!" And then Aragorn was there, leaning over him, his eyes filled with fear and desperation. The sight of that emotion only increased Boromir's misery. "They took the little ones." He was consumed by thoughts of the terrible deeds he had wrought this day. "Stay still." Aragorn tried to look hopeful, but Boromir could see in his face that there was no hope left. "Frodo. Where is Frodo?" This was his final catastrophic act. To have failed everyone so badly. To have pushed the Ringbearer away, perhaps into the very hands of the enemy. The outcome did not bear thinking about. "I let Frodo go." A small spark of hope returned. The halfling was not with the enemy, and there was still a chance. But still… "Then you did what I could not," said Boromir. "I tried to take the Ring from him." "The Ring is beyond our reach now." More hope. But it was mixed with wretchedness. "Forgive me. I did not see it. I have failed you all." "No, Boromir. You fought bravely. You have kept your honour." Try as he might, Aragorn could not keep his voice from cracking. He had vowed to protect this man from his turmoil, and he had failed. What was happening here was his fault, not the Gondorian's. The influence of the Ring was strong, and Boromir was not to blame for his actions. He, Aragorn, could have prevented these events, but he had not. His eyes filled with tears as he reached for one of the cruel arrows lodged in Boromir's chest, trying to right the wrong that was occurring in front of his very eyes. But Boromir, summoning his remaining energy, grabbed the Ranger's wrist. "Leave it," he said harshly. "It is over. The world of men will fall. The whole world will come to darkness and my city to ruin." Aragorn felt his heart wrench at the defeat and desperation in Boromir's voice. He hastened to reassure the Gondorian. "I do not know what strength is in my blood. But I swear to you, I will not let the White City fall. Nor our people fail." "Our people. Our people." Boromir was overwhelmed at the admission that Aragorn had just made. Suddenly, despite the pain, he felt lucidity return to him. He saw where he had been going wrong all these weeks, and what he should have done instead. He saw that despite everything, he had not been the man he ought. He had not properly pledged his honour and allegiance where it was most deserved. Well, that was something he could correct now, even at death's door. Reaching out, he felt for his sword. Seeing what he was trying to do, Aragorn guided the Gondorian's hand to the hilt. Clutching the sword to his chest, Boromir spoke the words that he should have spoken many moons ago, in that room in Rivendell, the words that could have saved him – and Aragorn – much heartache and confusion. "I would have followed you to the end, my brother. My Captain. My King." Anguish filled Aragorn's eyes as he understood what Boromir was saying, and why he was saying it. "No," he whispered, leaning closer. He had not given this man the love and respect he deserved, and that had cost him his life. And there was nothing Aragorn could do now to stop the inevitable consequence. He stared down at Boromir, tears streaming down his face, and willed time to stop, that he might not have to confront the pain that was threatening to overwhelm him. Boromir, for his part, felt more at peace than he had done since leaving his home months ago. He had done the right thing, and he could now leave the world with a lighter heart. But nothing could alter the fact that he would be leaving Aragorn, and now that he had pledged himself to his king utterly and absolutely, he only wished he could remain to fulfil his vow. But he could not, and so he gazed up into Aragorn's face, losing himself one last time in those piercing blue eyes, feeling a tide of emotion carry him away… Boromir was still, and Aragorn knew he was gone. Struggling to keep his raging emotions in check, he leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on the brow of the man who had meant so much to him, although he hadn't realised it until it was almost too late. He vowed that he would try and live up to the titles that Boromir had bestowed on him, to fulfil the roles he had been assigned. And he would live every day knowing that he had had the loyalty and friendship of one who could never be replaced. A good man, who had had his struggles, but who had ultimately redeemed himself. "Be at peace, Son of Gondor."