returned. He went to Legolas's bedroom and opened his wardrobe, hoping beyond hope that he didn't leave the house and the borders of Mirkwood. He sighed a sigh of relief when he noticed his son's bow and arrows and traveling cloak was hanging inside. He sighed again. Then there was only one other place my son must be, he thought. He went outside to the gardens and there he found his son asleep under a tree. He went to his son's side and gently shook him so as not to startle him. Legolas's eyes fluttered open. "Father I'm sorry." He said in a tired voice. "Sorry for what my son?" Legolas looked into his father's eyes and the king could see much pain and sorrow in them. "I thought that I could heal him. It hurt so much to see him so weak and vulnerable. But I was wrong. I feel so helpless father. I feel like I failed him." He suddenly became overcome with grief again and he wept. Thranduil took his son and comforted him with soothing words. "It's all right son. He will be better soon. You didn't fail him my son." Thranduil felt Legolas's body suddenly relax and he knew that he had fallen back to sleep again. Sighing he gently picked him up and carried him liked he used to when he was little. Oh to have that time back again, he whispered. You didn't have a care in the world, why do you try to carry all your burdens alone my son? A small moan escaped from Legolas's lips and his body shivered. Thranduil pulled his cape tighter around his son. As he took him into his son's bedroom and laid him gently on the bed he silently prayed. "Valar, please put a healing hand on my step-son Estel. And also give strength to Legolas to help him overcome his problems and grief." He kissed Legolas gently on the head before he returned to healing rooms and Estel. Estel woke up the next day feeling better but still a little tired. He looked around and saw his step-father asleep in a chair next to his bed. "Father, he said. The king woke with a start but then smiled when he saw that Estel was awake. "My son, how do you feel?" "Better, but I still feel a little tired. Where's Legolas?" "He's in his room, I'll go get him. You stay where you are. You are still not well enough to be out of bed." Estel wrinkled his nose and Thranduil laughed. Legolas was lying on his bed thinking when he heard a gentle knock on his door. "Come in." Thranduil entered and Legolas's face fell. "Is Estel all right father?" "Yes Legolas. He has finally woken up and has asked for you." Legolas's frown turned into a wide grin. "Well I better go see him before he sends the whole Mirkwood patrol to find me." When Legolas entered the healing rooms he found Estel sitting on the bed singing softly to himself. "That's a beautiful song little brother. You sing it well." Estel laughed with delight. "Of course I do Angel, you taught me that song yourself." Legolas sat on the bed next to Estel and the boy wrapped his arms around his neck. "I'm sorry I ruined your plans of teaching me how to use a bow and arrows." Legolas gently smiled. "That's all right, I'm just glad that you are feeling better. You really scared me brother. Just promise me that you won't scare me like that again." Estel laughed. "I'll try not to. And Angel, you will never leave me will you? Legolas suddenly grew solemn and said, "I promise my brother. I promise." Aragorn's labored breathing snapped Legolas back to the present. He noticed that his skin was pale and his body was warm with fever. Boromir went over to the elf's side and put a hand on is shoulder. "He has gotten worse, what can we do?" But Legolas didn't hear him. Please brother, remember your promise? He silently screamed out in his head. You are the only hope of men, please don't die. Aragorn's breathing became more difficult. Legolas was heartbroken, again he felt helpless. He had failed his half-brother again. Grief stricken Legolas laid his head on his half-brother's chest and wept. The other members of the Fellowship stood solemnly by; too overcome by sadness to say anything. Suddenly to Legolas's surprise Aragorn's breathing became regular again. He lifted his head and placed his hand on Aragorn's brow. It was cool to the touch. Dumbfounded Legolas looked to the wizard Gandalf for counsel. "What happened Gandalf? What healed him?" Gandalf gave him a wised look. "It was your tears Legolas." The young prince gave him a confused look. "My tears, I don't understand." Gandalf laughed gently and knelt down to look at Legolas with his gentle eyes and he put a comforting arm around him. "Yes Legolas, it was your tears. For those tears that you shed for Aragorn were tears of love. And love my friend, is the greatest healing power of all. The End. Me: Well, that's it. What do you guys think? Legolas: That was so bittersweet and sad. Aragorn: Wow that was different. But hey, I think it's cool that he was my half-brother. Boromir: And I have my shield back. Wheee! Me: All right! Who gave Boromir his shield back? Sirius Black: sweat drops. Sorry Elena. Phantom of the Opera: Umm Elena, you better stop Boromir. He's going to try to use his shield as a Frisbee. Sirius Black: A Frisbee? Can I catch it, please, please, please! Boromir throws the Frisbee and Sirius tries to catch it but it hits him in the head and knocks him out. Me: Oh, that's gotta hurt. And if you want anymore Little Estel stories please say so in your review and what they should be about. I'm thinking about doing one for Christmas.