regain her composure. "Y'all right there, dearie?", came a coarse voice, as a rough-looking yeoman shot out a steadying hand- which landed on her posterior. Shocked, Eleirien slapped his hand away, to the laughter of his cronies. Drawing herself up regally, she looked down her nose at the man. His eyes widened as he recognized her. "Yeoman, where is my father, Commander Thalion?" She forced herself not to wince as the man's demeanor became instantly deferential to her haughty tone of voice. "Oh! The commander is yonder, milady." he said, gesturing toward the far corner of the square, and bowing. Eleirien thanked him, and turned, nose in the air. As she headed towards her father, her heart fluttered at the sight of the company in colorful cloaks in front of him. As she approached, they wheeled away their horses to another corner of the square. She breathed a sigh of relief, then frowned briefly in disappointment, then laughed at herself. 'Silly, make up your mind!' she scolded herself. She was grinning ruefully as she approached the tall man. He turned toward her, a stern frown on his face. "Daughter, what brings you here alone?" His eyes raked her over disapprovingly, noting especially her lack of any escort. "I will go to my uncle and aunt in Combe, Father." He smiled and clasped her hand in both of his. "We must make all haste." he said. "Go, and attire yourself for hard travel!" In her mind, he commanded " And dress as a boy." Elei smiled and shot back her own thought, " I love you, Father." Outwardly, She nodded, and turned toward home, grateful for the lieutenant who quietly followed her course through the army, and then the town, to lend respectability. The yeomen saluted this time as she passed. As they rounded the corner of the square, Elei saw a larger company arriving on horseback. One figure spurred ahead to the earlier arrivals, heading straight to her rescuer, his taut figure conveying a sense of urgency. The green-hooded man tensed and lowered his head, then raised it in an abrupt exchange of words with the figure. She saw him draw in a deep breath, then relax his shoulders, nodding his head curtly. Then she and her escort passed the corner, and they were out of sight. Eleirien bundled her belongings into her pony's saddlebags and looked one last time at her father's outpost house. Her flowers were beginning to bloom in the stone planter she had labored to build under her window. They brightened up the barren expanses of the stone ruins of Fornost. She sighed and went back to her room. She flipped her long black braid over her shoulder. Taking a flat strip of linen, she bound it around her chest, then searched for a brooch. A flat silver star flower caught her eye, and she pinned the band flat, then turned back and forth in front of the mirror. The wrap simply did not flatten her bosom as well as it used to. She toyed briefly with the idea of padding her abdomen to disguise the swell of her bust, but the horn's blast rang out. It was time to join the men, lest they leave her behind. She pulled on her tunic and leggings, then a jerkin, and gathered her daggers and short sword, buckling on their sheaths. She pulled her gloves over the tight sleeves of her tunic, and pulled the hem of her jerkin firmly down over the top of her tight leather leggings. Then she tugged up the fringed tops of her knee-high riding boots, and tossed her cloak on, pinning the hood closed under her chin. She pushed stray locks back from her face. Stepping hastily outside, she hopped onto her pony. As she rode past ranks in grey, a cluster of men in red, brown, gold and green caught her eye. As she passed, one of them nudged his companion and exclaimed "maethilchen!", elbowing him with a laugh. The green-hooded man turned his keen gaze toward her. Eleirien saw a flash of his dark red, curling hair falling out of his hood before he turned away. "Elei-" called her father's voice, "-child." She prodded her pony on to the next group. "Father!" Leaping nimbly to the ground, she ran to the tall commander as he pushed back his Ranger's hood. His bright blue eyes twinkled at her in concern. "Elei, are you certain you want to go to your Uncle and Aunt? A tavern is bound to be a change for you. Brethil would care for you." "I know, Father, but Brethil does not need me. She would coddle me. If I were to go with you..." He cut her off. "No, we've already been over this. Strider- I mean, Aragorn- needs our help. War is no place for you, nor can you keep our pace for the many leagues we must ride." "Yes, Father. So," she said flatly, "I will go to my Aunt and Uncle's Inn, where I can be of use." She tossed her head, her own blue eyes flashing angrily, then softening as they met his. His face crinkled into a smile. "That's my child. Now, mount up, and we'll see you safely to the crossroads. I know your pony can run that far with us." As the ranks rode out of the gate, Elei turned to her father curiously. "Father, who are the company in colors I saw?" "Oh," he said, "those are our allies from Thranduil, King of the Wood Elves. They, too, are anxious to aid Aragorn." "Is there a prince with them?" "Prince? No, Legolas is not with this company." rumbled her father, preoccupied with glancing over the company. Elei saw that he was mentally counting and checking ranks and supplies. Straightening her short sword, she checked her daggers in their sheaths. She picked up the reins and urged her pony on to catch up with her father's lieutenants riding advance guard.