of Denethor. She couldn't really say she was sad to hear of his demise. He had worked hard to break his youngest son's gentle spirit, unwilling to accept and love Faramir for the wonderful person he was. When Boromir was alive he would protect his brother from his father's harsh words… but he was always away patrolling the borders and eventually Denethor's words sent Faramir away to Ithilien in self-exile and little was heard of him, only returning when word had traveled that Boromir and his troops were in Minas Tirinth. Boromir. How much she missed him. Especially now. Her heart tightened and the pain came back. She had spent the entire week in tears when her father had told her of his death. Yet, deep inside she refused to believe it. But now she would have to come to terms with it. She sighed. She won't lie to herself. She loved Boromir. Not as a brother but more. And yes, she knew that marriage between them would be impossible, but that didn't stop her. She loved his dry humor, how he still looked for hope even when despair had taken over the hearts of those around him. He would always tell her that one day Gondor's glory will be restored. He never ran out of things to laugh at, whether it be over a pint of ale or over an ugly wound in his torso. How her heart would flutter furiously and her thoughts scattered and erratic when he was around her and when he left Dol Amroth, a small piece of her would go with him, and emptiness would fill her being only to be overcome when he visited next. And one day, the visits stopped. "Lothíriel?" her father's voice broke into her thoughts. She looked up and saw that all eyes were focused on her, and there was concern in them. A drop of water dropped onto her hand and when she looked down it was a tear. Her tears. Quickly she wiped her wet cheeks. She hadn't even noticed she had started to cry. She flashed all of them a smile and rested an assuring arm on her father's arm. "I am okay. Just a little disoriented. Things have happened at such a fast pace I am still spinning from it all. Why, it was only yesterday that Dol Amroth awaited news of the destruction of man and today we are all celebrating a new dawn and the future wedding of our King and the Steward of Gondor," she said, and she couldn't help winking at her cousin, very unladylike. "A night's rest will calm your thoughts, and tomorrow you will feel well," said Aragorn kindly. He had felt her eyes on him moments earlier and knew her thoughts had run deep within her mind and heart. Lothíriel's eyes widen in despair. "Rest? Again? My lord I have rested enough. Instead, with your permission I would like to stroll around in your lush gardens. It has been awhile since I have stepped on Gondor soil," she said, another pain stabbing her heart as she remembered the last time she had come here was with Boromir. It was also the last time she had seen him. But she wore a smile as she looked at her king, waiting for his answer. "Lady Lothíriel, my grounds are yours to do as you please. But I wouldn't recommend a stroll at such late a night, especially alone," said Aragorn a little reluctant. Imrahil agreed with him. "Yes, daughter. It is too dangerous. And as much as I would love to join you, I am wary from today's events," said Prince Imrahil. His words sealed her night. For she indeed had wanted to enlist her father in a nightly walk, but she could see the tiredness in his face and she knew he should rest. The battle had worn him out more than she had expected. "Perhaps then… Lady Lothíriel, may I accompany you instead?" all eyes turned to Éomer. The Rohan King turned slightly red and quickly added. "Of course, with Prince Imrahil's approval," he said looking briefly at Imrahil then turning back to his plate. Lothíriel could feel her cheeks burning. "King Éomer…" she began but was cut off by Éowyn. "What a wonderful idea. I'm sure Prince Imrahil has no objections, do you my lord? In fact, Faramir and I will join you," said Éowyn brightly. Faramir looked as if he wanted to protest but a sharp dig in his ribs, turned his objection into acquiesce. "Yes, I think that is a great idea," he said. "Well, if that's the case, then I see no harm in a night stroll, as long as you remain within the palace perimeters, and keep out of the dark corners as well as…" began Prince Imrahil but stopped when Lothíriel placed a hand on his arm. She looked up at her father with loving eyes. He will never get used to her growing up. "Father, I know," she said softly. Imrahil smiled down at her. "Shall we?' Faramir's voice broke their moment and immediately the reality of the situation rushed back to Lothíriel. She wished Éomer hadn't asked to accompany her. No, she wished she hadn't opened her mouth. How is it, she manages to place herself in such an awkward position. It wasn't that she didn't like him, but it was more of the fact that she would, with no doubt, say something atrociously stupid that any thoughts of forming a link with Dol Amroth will be severed. What King of any realm would want to have connections with a city inhabited by a princess who keeps putting her foot in her mouth? But the damaged had been done, and she saw herself standing up and placing an arm on Éomer's outstretched hand and the two bowed to the remaining three people at the table before following Faramir and Éowyn out into the garden. End of chapter 1 (8,509 words)