never look at another woman for as long as I live..." Aragorn muttered to himself as he pushed up the stairs, dozens of girls following after him. "Aragorn! I lost my shirt!" Faramir cried as his tunic was ripped from him and the pockets were checked. "They took my shirt! They took my shirt!" "Me too..." Aragorn said, looking forlornly at his bare chest. Thank god he'd be able to change before Arwen saw him. Once at the top of the stairs, Aragorn pushed the door open, never having felt better in all his life to feel a cold breeze on his face. He looked up just as Faramir let out a happy cry. "Look! It's one of our guys!" Faramir said, indicating a black coach coming towards them, a silver tree engraved on its door. "Thank the gods..." Aragorn said, and opened the doors as it pulled in front of him, hurrying inside. "Someone must have heard we were down here, and sent a coach." "That was close." Faramir said, grinning as he looked out the window of the coach and at the girls hurrying after them, moaning angrily at the door. The inside of the coach was pitch black, but Aragorn suddenly recognized the familiar smell of elven flowers to his right. He bit his tongue and let out a long sigh. "Hello, Estel." Arwen said, her voice icy cold. "Oh, uh...hi there, Arwen. Uh...you found me...and, uh, thanks for the coach..." "I'm glad I could have been of help. Looks like you boys were having a rough time." She touched his bare arm. "Lost your shirt?" "Uh, yeah..." He swallowed nervously. Oh damnable goddess...he was in for it now. Faramir was staring at his hands, biting his lip. "Well, that's all one can expect in a BROTHEL." And then she just let all hell loose. "WHAT BY THE GODDESS WERE YOU THINKING, ESTEL! YOU WENT TO A BLOODY WHOREHOUSE YOU IDIOT! GODDESS-KNOWS WHAT YOU WERE DOING THERE IN THE FIRST PLACE, BUT TO THINK YOU COULDN'T EVEN KEEP YOUR CLOTHES ON! DO YOU APPRECIATE ANYTHING THAT OUR MARRIAGE MEANS? I ASK FOR SOMETHING SIMPLE AND YOU END UP IN A BROTHEL! HONESTLY, WHAT DOES THAT SAY ABOUT YOU! I CAN'T TRUST YOU ANYMORE THAN I CAN TRUST A THREE YEAR OLD! YOU'RE GOING TO BE A FATHER IN TWO MONTHS AND THIS IS HOW YOU SHOW YOUR RESPONSIBILITY! BY ENDING UP IN A BROTHEL! WITH YOUR CLOTHES RIPPED OFF!" She stopped and fell silent for a moment. Faramir was wincing in his seat, closing his eyes and biting his lip until it left a mark. Aragorn was staring at his feet, feeling suicidal. Lectures from wives can do that, he thought. And then Arwen started up again. She was hoarse by now, so she didn't yell, but she continued the lecture. "I honestly don't care about the dessert anymore. I had a servant bring some leftovers up and I felt fine. But to think you ended up...here...is beyond me." "Your Highness, I can explain-" Faramir began, but Arwen held up a hand. "I really don't need to hear any excuses from either one of you. I don't WANT to hear what happened, I just want to know it won't happen again. Is that understood?" "Yes, absolutely." Aragorn nodded enthusiastically. Faramir followed his lead. "Well, that's good." Arwen said, pushing a stray lock of hair behind her pointed ear. "Now, I'm exhausted and my throat feels horrible, so I don't want to be spoken to until breakfast tomorrow, alright?" Aragorn nodded. "Absolutely. Whatever you want, you can have it. Anything at all, darling, I swear." "Oh, shut up." Arwen said, rolling her eyes and laying back in her seat, closing her eyes and falling asleep. "She's going to be a good mother." Faramir said softly once Arwen was asleep. "My mother didn't yell at me nearly enough." By the time they were back at the palace, Arwen was sleeping on Aragorn's shoulder. Faramir was snoring loudly in his seat, his head up against the window. Aragorn was still awake, staring at the moon out the window. It was almost daybreak, he thought, seeing the red haze on the horizon. The coach stopped, and Faramir woke up with a snort. "Bananas?" He asked sleepily, but Aragorn shook his head with a laugh and pushed his friend out the door. 'We're home, numbskull. Now, get to your bed before your wife has a fit." "Oh, she's probably still asleep anyway. She sleeps like a log." Faramir said, yawning and stretching. "Sorry about tonight, Aragorn. I didn't realize that would get you into so much trouble." "It's fine. She'll forget about the whole thing by tomorrow morning." "I hate to tell you this, but it IS tomorrow morning." Faramir said, heading up the marble stairs. "Good morning, Aragorn." "Good morning to you too." Aragorn said, waving goodbye. He picked up his sleeping wife and slowly carried her up the stairs, shifting his weight as they headed to their room. He was surprised, but even with the baby, she didn't weigh as much as he had expected. As he laid her on the bed, he smiled at her face, so calm and beautiful as she slept. Kissing her on the forehead, he took off his boots and slipped into bed beside her, taking her hand in his. "Good night, Arwen." He whispered to her, and then closed his eyes. Just as he had started to fall asleep, he felt a kick in his side. "What?" He said, turning to her, his eyes wide. "What do you want now?" He asked, letting out a sad sigh. "Just kidding." She said, winking at him and giving him a grin before turning back on her side. Aragorn groaned and lay onto his pillow just as the sun began to shine through their window and the first cocks began to crow. For all the perks of royalty, he was starting to miss the bachelordom of rangerhood.