prove to Sam who he was except to scare the hobbits into believing it. He stood tall and proud, threatening them with death if he really was an agent of Mordor. The hobbits quailed under the look he gave them then backed away as he drew back his cloak and placed a hand on the hilt of his sword. He could tell they were frightened of him, and rightly so. As he then said to the Shire folk, he had easily the ability to hurt them, or worse, take the Ring. Knowing he had scared them enough, Strider smiled; the first time the hobbits had seen him do so. The change it wrought in him was astounding; the good looks and open honesty hidden behind the ruggedness and travel dirt became visible as lines of care and worry faded. They believed now, as he repeated once again, that he really was Aragorn, son of Arathorn, Gandalf's friend and someone who would fight to the death for their cause. Had he added, directly descended heir of Isildur, therefore heir to the stewarded throne of Gondor, they would have accepted that truth without further question as well. Strider quoted softly under his breath, a few lines of verse from the poem that accompanied his birth name, Aragorn. This served him well, for Gandalf had written the poem in his letter, which Strider had not seen. The hobbits seemed to take this as final proof that they had found Gandalf's friend Aragorn; there was no other way Strider could know those words. To show them one final proof of his identity, Strider then pulled his sword, Narsil, out of the scabbard. The blade was broken shortly below the hilt; it could never be used as a weapon of any kind, even against such small foes as hobbits. The sword was clearly the one spoken of, the blade that was broken, in the verse Gandalf had written. Even Sam, now, could find no argument against their allowing Strider to accompany and lead them to Rivendell. The four then sat and began to plan their departure the following morning. The fire was burning low now, casting dancing shadows across the room. The next few minutes passed well enough, until Strider stiffened in his seat, attentively listening to something down the hallway. A few moments later the hobbits also could hear hurried footsteps, maybe of two pairs of feet, nearly running in their direction. The door flew open and Merry came panting into the room, closely followed by Nob, who looked fit to scream. Merry started shouting about the black-cloaked riders, saying that he had been outside and seen one. Strider immediately asked where the rider had gone, startling Merry, who hadn't noticed him until then. The Man didn't allow time to explain his presence, the information he now needed from Merry was far too important. Within a matter of seconds a course of action was decided; it would be unsafe for the hobbits to return to their own rooms for the night so they would stay in the parlour under Strider's protection. Nob then spoke, informing Strider that the beds in the hobbits' rooms had been stuffed to look like they were inhabited, from outside the window at least. As soon as Nob had left the little parlour, Strider set about securing the door. Whilst the hobbits rolled themselves in blankets, jostling for positing by the hearth, he set a chair sitting with its back to the door, wedged under the handle. Seating himself, he waited as the hobbits drifted off to sleep, but did not close his eyes. Seeing such small people at their most vulnerable, he decided as he watched the rise and fall of Merry's chest in the firelight, was going to be one of the few pleasures of the next few weeks. Determined to stop that train of thought before it took hold of him, Strider moved silently to the fire. He pushed the larger logs around until they gave out that little bit more heat, which he then decided he didn't really need; he felt warm enough despite the growing cold of autumn. The hobbits would appreciate the fire, though, he knew. Throwing back the hood of his cloak, he sat down again, but still did not sleep. Instead he studied the features of the four hobbits, who lay totally unaware of what he was doing. Frodo was the oldest, Strider could tell without even consciously thinking about it. The other three were of similar ages. Sam was the stoutest, Pippin the shortest. But by far the most interesting, to Strider's mind, was the young Brandybuck, Merry. With his dark eyes and walnut brown curly hair, he captured Strider's attention, although why that should be Strider couldn't tell; they all four had curly hair, three with dark hair and three also with dark eyes. Trying to believe that a closer look would control his fascination for the little person from the Shire, Strider once more stood and walked towards the four laid, fast asleep, on the floor. Crouching down by Merry's head, he laid his hand a scant millimetre above the skin on the hobbit's cheek. With a quavering finger he stroked the locks of hair growing from Merry's temple, careful not to wake him. As his breathing became harsher, quicker and shallower Strider pulled back; trying not to make a noise. There would be a time for this, and it was not now, with black riders waiting outside. Strider paused a second before leaving Merry's side, stopping to touch his lips to the top of the hobbit's head and draw his fingertip along the curve of his jaw, but careful to keep his feel light on Merry's bare skin. Even so he thought he saw a slight flutter run through the little hobbit's dark eyelashes as he watched. Staying low, Strider backed away a little, then stood and walked back to the chair, slowing his breathing as he went.