returns to the Prancing Pony Farin asks Aragorn why the Nazgûl attack the Shire, to which he answers that a Hobbit with an important burden is making his way to Bree. And that this "must be protected at all cost". Aragorn sends Eradan, Andriel and Farin to Fornost, where they have to stop Agandaûr's army before it can attack. As soon as Eradan, Andriel and Farin enter the ruins of Fornost they are attacked by a band of Orcs and Goblins. After cleaning the main gate, they end up in the pits under Fornost. There they hear an animal screaming. After finding their way out of the pits, they find the source of the noise - a giant Eagle. The three heroes unchain the Eagle and kill it's jailers. The Eagle introduces himself as Beleram, a servant of Gwaihir who gathered news but was taken out of the air by siege engines and sorcerers. Together the Eagle and the three heroes make a plan: while Beleram would attract the enemy's attention, Eradan, Andriel and Farin would make their way up to the battlements to destroy the siege weapons. The plan works out succesful, as all siege weapons as well as two Orc sorcerers are destroyed. furthermore, they obtain a scroll with unreadable text. When reaching the outer wards of Fornost, they meet again with Beleram. The eagle thanks his rescuers again and tells them that he saw Elladan and Elrohir within the ruins. While searching the two Half-elves, they defeat a giant crossbow, used by Orcs, and are trapped by a Troll. Just shortly after the death of the Troll, the sons of Elrond appear. Andriel introduces Eradan and Farin to Elladan and Elrohir, and informs them about their task. They collaborate in this task, but instead of just stopping the army to attack they decide to kill Agandaûr. The sons of Elrond guide them to the citadel. They separate, however, after defeating another giant crossbow. Eventually, they are locked on a bridge between two gates. After surviving an ambush, the sons of Elrond appear again and open the gate. After defeating another more ambushed, they arrive at the gate of the citadel. Which is protected by a magic spell, to stop intruders. While the sons of Elrond undo the magic, they defend them against an attacking force of Orcs, Goblins and a Troll. As Eradan, Andriel, Farin, Elrohir and Elladan enter the citadel, Beleram remains outside to protect them against reinforcements. Inside, they overhear a conservation between Agandaûr and Tharzog, chieftain of the Orcs of Mount Gram. Tharzog tells Agandaûr that there are intruders in Fornost, after which Agandaûr angrily commands him to find and kill them immediately. After Agandaûr leaves, the team and the sons of Elrond go onward in the tower. Tharzog, however, notices them and as a gate is closed, the team is cut off from the sons of Elrond. Tharzog and his guard attack Eradan, Andriel and Farin, but the latter manage to kill him. At the same time, Elladan and Elrohir fight Agandaûr on the top of the Citadel tower. Agandaûr is no match for the twins alone, but when Eradan, Andriel and Farin join them he flees on the back of a Fell beast. Beleram attempt to chase him, but Agandaûr summons a thunderstorm and escapes. Beleram returns to Gwaihir, in the Misty Mountains, to inform him about the events in Fornost, Elladan and Elrohir return to Rivendell and Eradan, Andriel and Farin go back to Sarn's Ford to inform Halbarad. The leader of the camp, Halbarad, sends the team to Rivendell, where they have to speak with Aragorn. The fellowship travels through the Barrow Downs, where they have to find two lost rangers. In Rivendell the fellowship meets several members of the Council of Elrond, scout the land around Rivendell and fight Orcs with Elladan and Elrohir. Whilst the Fellowship of the Ring travels towards Mordor to destroy the One Ring, Sauron has sent one of his most cruel servants, the Black Númenórean Agandaûr, to the North to destroy Rivendell and defeat the Free peoples of Eriador and Rhovanion. Eradan, Andriel and Farin travel to Gundabad to discover the strength of Agandaûr's army. Eradan, Andriel and Farin travel with Beleram to Mirkwood in search of Radagast. In the air they're attacked by Wolfram, a sorcerer and a Fell Beast rider, after which they fall from the Eagle's back. They defeat Wolfram, after his death Wolfram's Fell Beast tries to escape but is killed by Beleram. Andriel leads the others deeper into Mirkwood. They are ambushed by a group of Orcs and an Orc shaman. Eventually the fellowship enter a cave where they defeat a Cave-troll. They speed back to find Nordinbad under heavy attack. Bruni has been killed, and Nordri is coordinating the defenses. The eagles set out to cripple the siege towers, whilst the trio help defend the courtyard. However, Baranthor and Armenel are killed, and Beleram is seriously wounded. Nordinbad is successfully defended and the dwarves take Beleram inside to tend to his injuries. The trio then head to Carn Dûm to face Agandaûr. Entering the fortress through the sewers, they fight their way towards the summit but are attacked by a fell-beast. Suddenly, Beleram appears, killing the beast. He is still injured, but he tells them he will be there for them should they need him in the fight against Agandaûr. They confront Agandaûr and as they fight, Beleram attacks, lifting Agandaûr into the air. However, Agandaûr is able to stab and kill the Eagle. The distraction, however, allows the trio to strike, killing Agandaûr. As he dies, he calls on Sauron for aid. However, nothing happens. Úrgost then arrives, telling the trio that Sauron has been defeated and the Ring destroyed. He takes possession of Carn Dûm as the trio begin the journey back to Rivendell. In an alternative ending, in which the player does not call on Beleram for support during the fight with Agandaûr, Beleram survives.