bonds. Here was the test. The chains made an awful groan; I think I heard one link actually snap, just before three pillars splintered and gave way. Dust and rubble flew everywhere. It was imperative that we get out of the gallery immediately. What my elven-sight hadn't at first shown me, though, was that Tesica's leg was shattered. "Put me down", she was saying, "leave." There was no chance of that. The passage the demon had entered through was just a couple of hundred yards away. I'd counted out the Balrog, though. Smarter than it looked. It must have turned its efforts the other way, for two pillars suddenly fell nearly on top of us. I tried to turn and drag Tesica around the debris, but the monster's thrashing was destroying everything. An ear-splitting crack burst from overhead. At that point there seemed no chance of getting out alive. Tesica had other plans, though - she struck me with something and I found myself at the north wall next to an alcove. That trick was new to me. I'm still a little unsure of what she had done... The flames of the Balrog flared as Tesica raised a hand to hurl some last spell against it, and then the ceiling fell. That is the last I saw of either of them. The collapse must have started at the centre of the chamber and spread outward. All I could see, though, was a mass of flying stone where the hall had been an instant before. My armour and magic deflected the worst of it, and luckily the larger slabs avoided me, but I was most certainly buried. I won't go into the intense discomfort of being pinned by rocks on all sides, or the difficulties I had working my legs free while simultaneously keeping the rocks off my chest so I could breathe. At least there was air - piercingly cold air from above, just breathable through the dust. That was my lifeline. At length I found the fissure and crept inch by inch through the rubble, then the ice, and finally lay exposed to the sun on Caradhras' side. That moment stays with me: battered almost to nothing, bloodied, grubby and exhausted beyond anything you are likely to know, still in danger of a frozen death... It was the thought of Tesica that finally forced me to move again. If I'd survived the battle and cave-in only to die in the snow, when we met in Mandos she would most certainly kill me. Again. With no better method of descent, I simply clawed my way down the glacier, ruing the exercise I'd need to regain the dexterity lost in my fingers. The Mirrormere far below gave me a point of reference to make for. Beyond its black waters a slow procession of tiny figures wound down Dimrill Dale from the East-gate. I hadn't even considered it a possibility, but someone had ordered a complete evacuation. They couldn't have known yet how our fight in Baraz 12th High would go. Had we been sent in merely as a diversionary tactic? If so, I suppose I can't blame Náin for it, given the circumstances. We'd put up a hell of a fight either way. Of course, it became obvious later that the Balrog had somehow survived. It showed up unexpectedly in 8th Hall later that week. That area had not yet been cleared, and apparently old Kharduz and many others had died, defenceless. Náin is said to have fallen heroically soon after during a rearguard action. As for me, I took no further hand in the matter. A creature that can survive having a thousand tons of stone and ice dropped on its head is entirely beyond my abilities. To this day I still have splitting headaches, a lingering side effect of the misguided daze spell. Though Durin's Bane survived that final encounter, Tesica never emerged to walk under the trees again. Often I think of her, and what she represented to me: a ferocious and coldly logical ally, a scale against which to measure myself. I have never been as serious nor as effective as her and I doubt I ever will. More than once I've found myself roaming her woods in the years since, watching over the silent fisher-folk whose ancestors fought alongside us to save that ragged spit of land. I even surprised myself with the brutal way I wiped out some Dunlending bandits who were lingering a bit too close. Galasdhil I never saw again. By the time I returned west of the Hithaeglir (after a painful convalescence in Lothlórien) he'd taken his final voyage past the Havens. Word has it he was replaced in Oropher's Whimsy by a charismatic Fallohide. I ran into Vorondil many years later while he served as Steward of the South Kingdom. He'd grown some patience in the interim and was doing a fine job, as I saw it. By way of thanks and apology I laid a minor enchantment on his horn, which he still carried at the time, such that it would summon aid rather than enemies so long as he remained within his borders. Whether he appreciated the joke I cannot say. His descendant Belecthor II certainly picked up on it. So now the Balrog is dead, and my tale told. Assuming we win this war the Dwarves will undoubtedly try to repopulate their ancient city (though it may take another coming of Durin to make it so). You can be sure I'll be standing alongside them. There's a hall beneath Caradhras I promised to repair, and in it lie the bones of two who deserve a better burial. One might assume that a few hundred pounds of mithril chain, paid several times over by their loss, could also be retrieved. That is a hypothetical matter, though, and not one which particularly motivates me. (And if you believe that, I may have a bridge on the Anduin to sell you...)