. . . Fresh tears fell from Éowyns' eyes as she bolted into the main hall and sprinted passed the Kings throne towards the doors. She couldn't stand it. I'm lost in my thoughts And baby I've fought For all that I've got She just couldn't stand it any longer. Can you hear me? BANG! Éowyn threw open the front doors, unconcerned with the racket she was making so late at night, nor the fact that she cause the two guards who watched the front doors to jump and grab the hilts of their swords in alarm. Still crying, Éowyn only stopped running when she realised that another step would have sent her off the side of the edge of the stonewall that over looked the upper houses of Edoras. A small fire in the brazier near the edge offered no warmth as the cold night wind hit her, catching her hair and dress up in it, and stinging her tear moistened face. Hear me I'm cryin' out I'm ready now Turn my world upside down Find me "Lady Éowyn?" one of the guards said in a concerned yet uncertain voice but Éowyn ignored him and continued to stare challengingly out at the silver moonlit fields before her as the tears continued to fall. This had become a common sight for the White Lady to be doing now-a-days. She found herself spending more and more time perched atop the stairs of the Golden Hall, almost searching or waiting for the answer to all her troubles to come riding across the golden fields of Rohan towards her. I'm lost inside the crowd It's getting loud I need you to see I'm screaming for you to please Hear me Rohan had failed her and she in turn had fail Rohan. She did not know if it was the same in Gondor and in other part of Middle Earth, but it seemed as if her and her people were laying helpless, waiting for the final stroke of doom to end all their suffering. Or would it just be the start? Hear me Hear me Hear me Éowyn was scared. There was a time and a part of her that would be more than willing to take up a sword and fight to end this evil, but now it seemed even that part of her had given into despair. She doubted anything or anyone would be able to raise her hopes now. Can you hear me? Éowyn felt utterly defeated and now all she wanted someone to rescue her and give her just a moment of hope, however fleeting. She wanted someone to take her in his arms and tell her that, like in her dream, he did not think this darkness would endure. All she wanted was to be heard. Hear me Hear me Hear me All she wanted was to be rescued. " Can you hear me?!" Éowyn gasped for air after her sudden outburst and then broke down into large, shuttering tears. Her legs gave way and she collapsed onto the cold stones, startling the guards once again but despite their best efforts to console her, Éowyn remained weeping on the stone steps of the Golden Hall. She was not aware that only a few hours away, on the very plains she had shouted at, four travellerrs – an elf, a dwarf, a wizard and a man from the North – had camped for the night, waiting for sunrise before continuing towards the capital. She was not aware that their arrival would spark a change in Rohan, a better change for the future. She was not aware that the man from the North would bring with him hope that the people of Rohan desperately needed in their darkest hour. She was not aware that he would seem to bring to her what she thought she wanted. Oh, oh, oh, oh... She was also not aware, that even further away, a Captain of Gondor was huddling himself against the dark night as he sat up looking over the beautiful woodland of Ithillien on his watch duty. Before him, he could see the red glow of Mordor and if he twisted slightly in his seat, he could see the pale, silver glow that was Minas Tirith. However his eyes seemed only to care for the beauty of the wilderness and the heavens above. The sky was a cloudless, navy sea with large, silver stars that looked far more desirable than any jewel the earth could offer. It reminded the Captain very much of a mantel that had belonged to his late mother which was now folded away in a chest somewhere in his home in Minas Tirith. He sighed deeply. Everything seemed so still. He was used to the noises of unseen creatures lurking in the shadows of Ithillien. On his last watch, he had noticed a deer come close enough for him to kill it with his bow, though he did not even reach for his arrows. There were still plenty of stores left. No need to kill life needlessly. Yet tonight, the only noise belonged to the wind as it brushed through the trees. No animals stirred. No lonely night owls made a noise. Even the soft babble of noise from the camp seemed more hushed than normal. Everything seemed to be waiting. And in a strange sense, mourning a great, unknown tragedy. The Captain pulled his cloak tighter around himself as another gust of wind whirled through the trees. The man breathed deep and noticed that the wind carried, not the familiar sent of the woods around him, but rather the dry, dusty sense of open grasslands. Never before had he smelt such an aroma and it lightened his heart slightly in the troubled night. Yet, he could almost swear that he could hear the wind whisper . . . . . . Hear me . . . Hear me . . . Hear me . . . THE END.