declared, joining his voice to hers. He sang well. "Mistress Luinwen! Mistress Luinwen!" called out an elleth, coming forth from within white walls. Her step was hurried, her face flushed with exertion. "There you are." Luinwen was already standing by the time the elleth reached them. "My Lord Elrond wishes to have words with you, mistress." "It seems I must take my leave of you, master Merry," Luinwen said, a smile crossing her face as she glanced at Merry. "I bid thee farewell." "And fare thee well too, mistress of the books," her partner returned, a smile of his own lighting his features. Elrond awaited her in one of the well lit chambers, alone. Luinwen did not think he wished to speak to her of scrolls. For in truth she had been diligent about her work, and he could not complain on that point. Nay, if he wished to have word, then it was to be on the subject of his fair daughter. Luinwen stepped into the room with a calm gait, holding her head high as her father had taught her. And also to add some to her rather unimpressive height. Lamenting her lack of stature, however, was not what she wished to do at the moment. "You have asked for me, my lord," she said softly, stopping before the sitting Elrond. "Indeed. Erestor tells me you have chosen to join my daughter," he offered. There was a question in his voice, a certain 'why' which was in need of explanation. "Have you chosen the mortal path?" "I have not chosen, my lord, one way or another." She did not have anyone to hold her from eternity, like Lady Arwen did. "Yet I shan't leave before I have fulfilled my purpose." "Your purpose?" the lord questioned. "Aye. I must find my purpose and fulfil it, if I am to ever find peace." Luinwen's determination ran deep in that he saw. "I shall serve my lady to the best of my abilities," she promised. "I do not doubt you shall," Elrond agreed. "What I ask of you concern my daughter only in part." "What would you have of me, my lord?" Her dark eyes glinted in the light as she spoke. "Only that you keep your eyes and ears open at the King's court. My daughter is to be Queen, yet I should not wish her friendless in a strange land. She will have need of those she can trust." Men could be brought together by great causes. They would make war on common enemies and they would win. But when the fight was over, instead of living in peace, they often found quarrels among themselves. Aye, men could do great, brave things. But a single gust of unfavourable wind could knock them over. They thought over individual beliefs. They fought over inconsequential matters, trivial and not worthy of the blood spilled in their name. And Lady Arwen would be surrounded by such creatures. Her wisdom and kindness may not suffice in helping them better themselves. With that understanding between them, Luinwen was released for the moment. But before she went, she had one request to make. "My lord, I have left inside the library a scroll which I dearly love, tales of ages past. May I be permitted to retrieve it and take it with me?" The books and scrolls in that library had been painstakingly collected over centuries and ages. It was a great thing of her to ask. "You refer to the Tales of Ages Past, I presume." Her nod came to confirm. "You may have it, mistress Luinwen. Consider it a gift. A farewell gift." "Many thanks, my lord." Her wish granted, Luinwen stepped into the library and walked to where she knew the scroll to be. She pulled out the weathered paper, taking in its scent. She held it open and peered at the faded writing. The tales it contained could be restored and mayhap translated into the Common Tongue. The exercise would do her good, she reckoned. And so it was that she carefully held the scroll in her arms and took it to her own chamber, placing it next to the lamp which she blew out. "Waste not your fire," she whispered to the candle. It was soon after that the guests of Lord Elrond departed. On the fair day when they left, Luinwen had bestirred herself to step outside and bid them farewell. It was Merry that she sought to see, of course, for him she knew best of them, having spent quite a bit of time in his presence after their initial meeting. It was to him that she relied her wish to translate the ancient tales. As she bent to kiss the top of his head, Merry could not help but say, "I shall look forward to a story when we meet again." "And I shall be happy to oblige," Luinwen replied. If the exchanged was taken note of, she could not say, as most of her brethren were looking at the ring bearer. Lady Arwen too was present, her brilliant beauty shining for all to behold. "May the stars guide you to joy and happiness, master Merry of the Shire." What songs they sung and what cheer they made at the sight of the realm's heroes, one can only imagine. Suffice to say that Frodo Baggins and his company were led away with the pomp they were deserving of. It was with peace that Luinwen saw the departure of her friend. It was perhaps the knowledge that she would see him again soon that made the sweetness of the moment. In the group only one man held doubt in his heart. Luinwen looked towards the ranger who would become king. Their eyes met momentarily and she lowered her head in recognition of his merits. Yet her eyes did not rise again. She continued to look at the ground, hiding a small smile from the sight of all present there.