dull ache in her heart that was always present. He had changed her, whether it was for better or worse she couldn't tell. As days turned to weeks and the weeks stretched to a month she felt how even time could not fill in the space he had left in her life. She found no joy in her books for his words were on the pages, and she could even hear his melody echo in her songs. Her parents rarely spoke of Elrond and even Gil-galad remained silent. It was on an unusual bright winter morning that Celebrían sat herself in a comfortable chair by the open windows in the comfortable sitting room. A pale hand traced the words on the page, her azure eyes glazed over in deep thought. The soft breeze stirred the light fabric of her dress. A strand of hair loosened from her braids and tickled her cheek. Perceptive ears detected a presence behind the high back of her chair. Someone leaned to her side, a firm hand pressed on the armrest. "He is in the gardens, go to him." Gil-galad whispered, then walked past her as if nothing had occurred. Celebrían's heart hammered in her chest like the flutter of a hummingbird's wing, and vacated the room as quickly as possible not even questioning the sudden change of heart. She saw him under the canopy of trees, in her favorite spot. The sun shone on his fair features that were bent over his book. His quill lay still in his hand; she noticed the crease in his brow that materialized whenever he was deep in thought. She removed her shoes, and stepped on the dewy grass, and glided slowly over to him. If he noticed her presence then he paid her no heed. Lowering herself on the ground, she curiously looked at the precise script that lined the pages. "What are you writing?" "Memories." He asserted simply. "Of your brother?" He looked at her then, his beautiful silver eyes bright as the stars in the sky. She expected to see pain and sorrow there, but there was none. Though there was certain wistfulness in his gaze. "He has abided much of these pages, though not all of them." Celebrían laughed and shook her head in wonder. "What amuses you so?" "You are quite the mystery to me. I feel as the more I try to solve your puzzles the further I am from finding an answer." "You wish to find an answer?" "Yes." He looked at her thoughtfully, as if he was unsure whether to voice his thoughts. Slowly he closed his book, and wrapped his writing supplies with care. At last he turned to Celebrían. "What do you wish to know?" The unexpected question caught her off guard. He was so terribly reclusive, and to get but a single glimpse into his thoughts, yet she settled on the question that weighed most heavily on her mind. "How do you feel?" "Afraid." He admitted quietly after a moments thought. "What are you afraid of?" He hesitated, the answer clear in his eyes, though he could not find his voice. She took his hands in hers, her thumb stroking the soft skin. He looked down at their joined hands, his grip tightening ever so slightly. "You." Celebrían swallowed, her mouth dry. She was unsure what prevented her from running away for she knew that he could so easily break her heart, and leave her there to bleed. "You do not need to fear me. I am quite harmless." She assured him. "On the contrary." He looked up. "You are very dangerous for you have ensnared my tattered soul, and I fear not only you but also myself." He took a shaky breath and tried to steady himself. "I fear that my darkness will smother you. You see the beauty of the world when I see darkness and despair. When I am with you I feel as if I can breathe again. "When I saw you first I thought I had walked into a dream." He whispered. "You have bewitched me. I am not even sure whether you are real." His silver eyes shone with such utter sincerity. Her heart soared by his words; her azure eyes brimming with unshed tears. She squeezed his hands tightly. "I am real." "I do not want to take away your light." "Is that why you have been avoiding me?" He looked away, refusing to meet her probing gaze. Her heart ached for him, how he could not see what was right in front of his eyes. Could he not see how much she needed him? How his mere presence made her feel alive. There was much she could have said to him. Instead of saying anything she stood up and extended her hand out towards him. "Will you dance with me?" He looked up, his eyes brightening with an unidentified emotion. With a small smile he reached out, his hand folding over hers. Celebrían smiled and pulled him up from his seat. Together they laughed and danced in the pale sunlight, simply enjoying the feeling of being alive without a single care in the world. Extra notes: The date and place of Celebrían's birth is not known. However many have speculated, including Christopher Tolkien, that her birth date was sometime in the second age from between SA 350-400. If, for arguments sake, Celebrían was born in SA 350 then she would have been almost one hundred years old when Elros died. Since I'm addling with the timeline, or more so the time and place of Elrond and Celebrían's first meeting, I would say that she's a bit older than that here. Being under the age of 100 is considered very young for an elf. However according to LACE Elves married rather young or around their fiftieth year. Celebrían developing feelings for Elrond would not be considered odd in any way despite her young age. Thank you so much for reading.