to Rivendell or that it is not, but that you know the way?" Again, her young face pulled together in a swirling debate of confusion, as if she hadn't known herself which question was answered. Boromir was forced to wonder how someone so green in age with such an inadvertent way of handling conversation with others could be left alone to wonder the forests. Pity is what gripped him then, his rage melting away at the sight of her. He had mistakenly taken her silence for slowness of the head. Trying a simpler more basic approach, Boromir dismounted his horse—taking note the girl took two steps backward for each of his attempts to move forward—and extended an introduction. "I am Boromir of Gondor." he put his hands up, nodding his head in a manner that he hoped would tell her he meant her no ill. "What are you called, child?" Apparently she had not taken kindly to being called a child, for the same ridiculous visage where she had pulled her eyebrows together and frowned adorned her face again. This time though, she had at least made an attempt to communicate, albeit not in the way Boromir expected. Once she shook off his insult, the dark haired girl placed a hand to her throat and tapped it delicately three times. She shook her head side to side, as one might in answering a question silently with a no. It became painfully apparent to Boromir why she had not responded before. "You are dumb…forgive me…I hadn't known…" Selfishly all he could think of was how in the light of things, getting answers to where—exactly—in Arda he was, was going to be more difficult than before. Watching as she merely shrugged off his idiocy, Boromir tried again, this time using only questions that could be answered with either a yes or a no. "Is this the road to Rivendell?" His voice may have come off a tad more irritated than what he wished it to, but the girl hadn't seemed to pay mind to it. She only smirked at the lost fool and tiled her head to the side, slightly moving it to and fro it to indicate a 'no'. He smiled wide then, his own misfortunes extremely comical in his own eyes. Boromir's laughter boomed in the stillness of the wood, all the while the young girl looking at him as if he were mad. He shook his head and wiped the tears from his eyes before placing his hand firmly on his hip. Boromir clear his throat. "I would say it is safe to assume that my latter query was correct? You know the way to the Last Homely House?" Pulling away with the slightest of ease, drawing back towards the end of the road, the girl paused in answering. After Boromir's display, she was questioning his sanity. Slowly, she nodded a yes. Well, at least he was getting somewhere; though he never thought it would be at the digression of a mute girl. Which he considered, would make it extremely difficult to receive directions. Unless she could read a map or write the way in ink; he considered this. "Can you read?" No. Boromir felt his brain pulse with steadying beats of a forming headache. Nothing in the world had compared to the trial of finding this place. Not a damn thing. Albeit after bearing in mind that trial, he was forced to wonder, how much of a burden could one lame girl be? That aside in true chivalry, Boromir in good conscience could not leave her in the wilderness alone—her inability to speak set aside—she was only a girl. "Would it be too great a good turn to ask that you might show me the way? I would pay you for your services if you'd like or at the very least leave you in the care of the Elves…" His invitation could not have sounded more doleful. He might have kicked himself for it—hard. Her answer either meant his success or failure; he may well have at least tried to sound more convincing. Surprisingly, the girl shrugged her shoulders and nodded a yes. Unsure if what he saw was correct, he asked again—and again she curtly shook her head to indicate a yes. Her frustration releasing in a heavy huff, which was visible as her breath swirled in the cold air. "Yes well," Boromir was still trying to grasp her eagerness. It was unsettling…was she always so willing to help complete strangers? How sure was he that he could trust her? Was he supposed to trust to fate she actually knew the way to Rivendell, when no one he had come across in his journey had? Boromir reminded himself that he hadn't even known her name. "Very good then…" She stood there, her arms crossed over her chest, waiting. "I suppose there is no way you might be able to tell me what they name you?" He sighed heavily. Her face squared up resentfully as if she had tasted something bitter. Clearly if she had a name at one point or another hadn't mattered. In her stubborn youthfulness she would not extend him a hand in trying to decipher it. "Very well then," his brows raised in innocent defense of her acknowledgment towards him. There had to be some way of addressing her without making things terribly awkward in their voyage ahead. Then suddenly, a coy smirk pulled at the corners of his lips and he knew then exactly what he might call her. "If you shan't tell me, I will call you Green—Bitter Green for every time you make that horrendous face." At first Boromir was unsure of how her temper might react to being called young and astringent at the same time, but as her eyes narrowed and a wide smirk sprawled over her features, he knew he had made the first step at reconciliation for his mistake in the first place. "Bitter Green it is."