chest and her forehead pressed against the cold glass. It all seemed like a strange nightmare, and she was desperately hoping to wake up... to realise it was just her imagination coming up with insane things. However, as moments ticked by, she became more and more aware of the terrible future her uncle had designed for her. The men of her line had been fighting pirates for many generations. Every day, she would see ships setting sail or returning to the port of Dol Amroth. Sometimes, they would not return at all. She knew the wrecked villages and towns along the coast, like dwellings of ghosts – and people who came begging at the gates of Dol Amroth, for they had lost all they had to corsairs. So many lives had gone into the endless fight between the pirates and Gondor... there was hatred beyond human comprehension between her people and the corsairs, and only a man far from inland might believe it could be amended by marrying her off to some pirate lord. Angry tears filled her eyes and her blood boiled once more as she thought how Father could have allowed this. She could not think he would believe in such an alliance even for a moment, and yet he had not tried to stand up for her? That was not the father she knew and loved. Lothíriel hugged her knees tightly and closed her eyes, trying to fight her despair. Banging at the door had died, and she guessed it had been her brothers; maybe it had been the Steward's idea all along to announce the damned plan in the ball, and he had expected her to play the part of the blushing bride. She could not do this – she wouldn't walk into such a fate willingly. But what could she do if not even her father would protect her? Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth had known from the beginning something was afoot; as his first-born had guessed, the Steward of Gondor did not visit for courtesy. He had known this from the moment Lord Denethor had sent messages about visiting the home of his brother-in-law, and in his mind he had entertained several different scenarios of what it could be. At any rate, he had not thought it would be so serious, and because of that, he had not spoken of his doubts even to Elphir his heir. He had not guessed he would be so unpleasantly surprised... and yet a part of him was not at all so, because he had known for a long time that Lord Denethor was a proud, calculating man – even ruthless sometimes. And as the shadow kept growing, so did the burden his brother-in-law had to carry on his shoulders. Desperate times breed desperate men, my son, Prince Adrahil had said long ago. How right the had been! Imrahil had endured the ball, but only with serious effort and gritting his teeth against the anger he felt. It was too soon to react or do anything – acting rashly was the last thing he wanted, because Lothíriel's life and freedom were at stake, and she was the one who would pay for his wrong move. She had not attended the celebration, for which he could not blame her. Consequently, she was not present when Lord Denethor made the fateful announcement... or to see the outrage on the faces of her brothers. As the Prince of Dol Amroth arrived in his study and fell to sit in his chair, he knew there would be hell to pay in the morning. The only reason they had not cornered him yet was because they were smart enough not to cause a scandal before the nobility of the realm. Wearily he poured himself a glass of wine, thinking of this hopeless situation and what he could do. He knew he could not let Lothíriel walk into a fate so bleak, and yet... what choice did he have? The Steward of Gondor was the mightiest man in the land, and what he said went by. And if Imrahil tried to publicly oppose him, dreadful things might follow, for the shadow of war grew darker and steeper with every day and the realm was already struggling to survive. Imrahil could hide his daughter, yes... but Denethor would expect that, and he would turn all the Prince's holdings upside down to find her. Was there a place in Gondor where she might be safe? He seriously doubted that. A place in Gondor... no. The world was still wider than that. The idea occurred to him as though a lightning had struck. He moved so fast, he nearly spilled his wine. He put it aside on the table and quickly pulled open the lowest drawer of his desk. There, under various objects and parchments, he found the small chest. Most objects inside the chest might have made an outsider wonder why the Prince Imrahil would own such sentimental things. A curl from his wife's hair, sea shells she had picked up for him, small shiny stones Lothíriel had found from the beach when she had been a small girl, the treasure map Amrothos had drawn many years ago... it didn't matter what anyone would have thought, because all these little things stood for memories he had fondly kept in his heart. But now he was looking for one particular object, kept safe here for a long time, and the meaning of which only one person other than him would understand. Then his fingers felt the smooth surface of what he had been looking for and he lifted it up to see it. And there it was, just as he remembered it from many years ago: the small rearing stallion of mearas, carved from light wood, and given to him as a token of friendship that would last forever. Now had come time for him to find out if that promise still held true. To be continued.