but Legolas chose a straighter path. His ears were intent upon the sound of hushed words, and Gimli followed silently, trusting the elf's hearing. Then the voices died away, but Legolas did not turn back to the trail. He continued forward, slinking beneath the trees until a glade opened up before him, sunny and bright. It would have been a pleasant place had it not been for the orc carcasses upon the ground. And on the far side, propped against a tree with a grieving Ranger crouched at his side… Sorrow seized Legolas's heart, and for a moment, he could only stare. A sharp intake of air beside him heralded Gimli's realization, and Legolas wrenched his gaze away to share a look of agony and grief with the dwarf. Then he bowed his head, closing his eyes against the tears that threatened. Gimli remained an unmoving presence at his side, and together they mourned Boromir in silence. But a moment was all they could spare to grieve for the Captain of Gondor. Boromir was gone, and Legolas knew not what hurts Aragorn had sustained. Mustering his weary strength, he opened his eyes, raised his head, and moved into the clearing, his attention focused upon the man who yet lived. "Alas," he whispered when he reached Aragorn's side. "We have hunted and slain many orcs in the woods, but we should have been of more use here." He knelt, intending to offer comfort, but his stomach suddenly tightened at the sight of arrows protruding from Boromir. Memories of the man's valor and loyalty flashed through his mind, tearing asunder whatever it was he had thought to say, and a sliver of guilt edged its way into his heart. Perhaps if he and Gimli had returned sooner… Or better still, if they had remained when the Fellowship scattered… "We came when we heard the horn—" He broke off, shaking his head. What was done was done. Boromir was now beyond their aid; it was time to focus upon the living. "But too late, it seems," he finished, forcibly turning his attention to Aragorn. "I fear you have taken deadly hurt." "Boromir is dead," Aragorn said. It was an unnecessary thing to say, but perhaps the Ranger needed to hear it aloud. Perhaps they all did. "I am unscathed," he continued, "for I was not here with him. He fell defending the hobbits while I was away upon the hill." "The hobbits!" Gimli cried out, and Legolas jerked at his voice, almost having forgotten the dwarf. "Where are they then? Where is Frodo?" "I do not know," Aragorn said wearily, and it did not escape Legolas's attention that the man had yet to move. "Before he died, Boromir told me that the orcs had bound them; he did not think that they were dead. I sent him to follow Merry and Pippin, but I did not ask him if Frodo and Sam were with him. Not until it was too late." Aragorn bowed his head and reached out to take Boromir's lifeless hand in his own. "All that I have done today has gone amiss," he murmured. "What is to be done now?" "First we must tend the fallen," Legolas said, sheathing his knife. He was unable to even think of choosing their next path before seeing to Boromir's needs. "We cannot leave him lying like carrion among these foul orcs." "But we must be swift," Gimli warned. "He would not wish us to linger. We must follow the orcs if there is hope that any of our Company are living prisoners." "But we do not know whether the Ring-bearer is with them or not," Aragorn said, turning to Legolas and Gimli for the first time since their arrival. Legolas took his interest as a good sign, but his heart quailed at the uncertainty in Aragorn's eyes. "Are we to abandon him?" the Ranger asked. "Must we not seek him first? An evil choice is now before us!" Legolas pressed his lips together. The unrest might be gone, but in its place was something darker. Something despairing. Something that would dissuade them from following the orcs who had taken their companions. "Then let us do first what we must do," Legolas said, now firmly convinced that their choice of paths should be put off until their minds were better prepared for it. "We have not the time or the tools to bury our comrade fitly, or to raise a mound over him." He paused, wondering if he had just replaced an impossible decision with an impossible labor. "A cairn we might build," he ventured at length. "The labor would be hard and long," Gimli said, shaking his head. "There are no stones that we could use nearer than the water-side." "Then let us lay him in a boat with his weapons and the weapons of his vanquished foes," Aragorn proposed, seeming to gather himself. He rose to his feet, but his eyes turned back to Boromir. "We will send him to the Falls of Rauros and give him to Anduin. The River of Gondor will take care at least that no evil creature dishonors his bones." Doubt wavered still in the Ranger's face, but a look of purpose was beginning to grow. Legolas took heart. The Fellowship was broken, they had lost at least one more member, the fate of the hobbits was uncertain, and as for the Ring… But Legolas was a firm believer in hope, and he trusted Aragorn, even if Aragorn did not trust himself. Glancing over at Gimli, he found further reason for hope. The dwarf's expression spoke of sorrow, but it also spoke of courage undaunted. Determination steeled itself within Legolas's mind, merging with grief to form a resolve strong enough to counter the looming despair. They had not come so far only to be denied now. Tragedy had befallen them this day, but Boromir would be avenged. It was time for the hunted to become the hunters.