washed through him, destroying every thought he had, his family, his friends, his beloved wood! More Ring Wraiths gathered round the rack, touching him, pouring their negative energy into him, making him see what they wanted him to see. He couldn't breath. His family murdered by his hand, his mother, his father, his sister! He killed them all! All it took was one 'session' with the Ring Wraiths and he was shattered, his whole defense gone, the only thing that could possibly have let him reach that inner calm, destroyed. He was left as he was, alone, trembling and crying by turns, he would be left to wallow in his misery until they came to take him to the breeding grounds, where they would put him in a pool of something, with would turn him completely. x The war was over, Sauron had been killed, the ring of power cut from his finger by Isildur. But Thranduil didn't know that, he was still chained to the rack, his mind broken from the evil thoughts the Ring Wraiths put there-or were they his own? He couldn't tell anymore. It was on one of those rare occasions that he was aware of reality that he heard musical voices talking in the corridors out side the door. "I fear for what we should find, all we found in others were corpses, so many dead." one said. "Yes, but that Orc did say that there was one alive at least, we've tried every where else, this is the last place." "I hope." The door was opened and two elves came in, stopping in horror when they saw him. Thranduil turned away, he was one of the dark ones minions now, he knew why they looked on him as such. "Prince Thranduil!" on elf cried, running to him. The two elves quickly un did the chains. They left, carrying the prince-now king-with them. They took him directly to Lothlorien, home of the Lady Gladriel, who, with the help of Elrond, saved Thranduils life, of his former beauty there was nothing to save, as he had not changed much physically in appearance-which had greatly confused the Orc's. His life was spared, but what of his soul? x Elrond went to Lady Gladriel, he was worried, the young King was not recovering very well, he continued to limp, long after the broken bones had healed, and his screams woke many in this fair place up when he dreamed. "It has only been a year." Gladriel told him when he confided in her, "he will not heal in such a short length of time, his mind is too twisted with the darkness of Sauron, but he will heal one day." She bade him look in her mirror, which he did, he had looked into the swirling waters only once before, when he was young. What he saw there concerned him greatly, he thanked the white lady and went to find Thranduil. He found him in his chambers, positioning an ornament just right, so that it was in perfect alignment with everything else in the room. "Thranduil." he announced himself. Thranduil jumped and turned. "Elrond," he gave the half elf a rebalance of his old smile, "what brings you here?" "I have looked in Gladreils mirror, and I saw something concerning you which concerns me." "What?" Thranduil asked softly, he always spoke softly now, his voice had been harsh with screaming after they found him, and he had not yet raised his voice to speak, as if he were afraid to. "Thranduil, why are surrounding yourself with gold?" Elrond questioned. Thranduil sighed. "When you have undergone the torture I under went Elrond, then you can tell me why I surround myself with gold and jewels. "Thranduil why?" Elrond persisted. "Because I need beauty!" Thranduil shouted. "Because I need to be surrounded by pretty things that make the darkness, the ugliness and the pain go away!" "But it won't go away by those means Thranduil, and well you know it." "They will." Thranduil grated. He spun on his heel and left the room. "I leave for Greenwood immediately, I have left my people leaderless for too long." Elrond watched him go. "Don't miss the true beauty in your life Thranduil, do not become so wrapped up in fake beauty that you do not see true, natural beauty." x Elrond sighed now as he had done then, looking over the balcony of his chambers down at his son's, Elladan and Elorhir, and Thranduils young son Legolas. Thranduil did not miss his real beauty, thankful, and his son was beautiful, the mirror image of his father in his younger days, carefree and happy. He smiled as his son's argument reached his ears. "Elorhir, if your going to shoot at least shoot straight." "Well I would have if you hadn't knocked my arm!" "I did not!" Legolas smiled-yes the mirror of his father in all ways but one- lifted his bow, aimed quickly and sent a shot, perfectly aimed, between the twins, drawing their attention to him. "We're meant to be shooting arrows at the target, not insults at each other." he said softly. Elladan smiled. "Of course, it's your shot anyway Legolas." Legolas turned to take his shot. "That was your fault." Elorhir laughed. "Your one to talk big nose!" "Look at your self in the mirror lately?" The arrow of Thranduils son flew true, and buried it's self in a tree between the twins again. "I can't concentrate, the next one who talks gets an arrow trough their head-I'll apologize to your father later." He turned back to the target and fired, it hit bull's eye. "Now why can't you shoot like that?" Elladan asked of his brother. Elorhir shook his head. "I'd love to see you try!" "Fine then I will, I could beat you any day!" "You could not!" Legolas smiled again, he glanced up and saw Elrond watching him, and waved. Elrond smiled in return and waved back.