giving lie to the terrors beneath. His mind awhirl, he could not keep himself from flinching when a hand came to rest on his shoulder. "My apologies, Gimli," Legolas whispered, his voice seeming to come from far away. "I had forgotten your own losses." "'Tis no matter," Gimli muttered. "No, 'tis a great matter," Legolas countered, and his hand squeezed Gimli's shoulder. "I did not know you held your people responsible for Mithrandir's passing." Grimacing, Gimli shrugged off Legolas's hand and wiped angrily at his face. Unlike the elves, who sang their sorrows for any that cared to listen, dwarves did not share grief outside the circles of their own kin. At the moment, Gimli could not decide what infuriated him more: his tears or his admission of the dwarves' guilt. Feeling the need to distance himself, he stood and moved away, aware at all times of a concerned elven gaze. "The point, Legolas," he said gruffly, speaking more in an effort to distract than to persuade, "is that my kinsmen have brought about a great evil in their attempt to restore that which was lost. They did not undo the darkness. They simply roused it. You will do likewise if you return now to Mirkwood, with or without a means of combating the shadow." Silence descended between them, and it seemed to be a silence shared by all of Caras Galadhon. Even the breeze died away, and it was as if Arda held its breath, almost as though it was waiting. Then Legolas spoke, the nearness of his voice indicating that he had left his perch on the talan 's edge to follow Gimli. "If the Fellowship succeeds, do you believe that Khazad-dûm will be restored?" Gimli closed his eyes. "No." "At the Council of Elrond, Glóin indicated that Mordor pledged to return Khazad-dûm should the dwarves offer up tidings of Bilbo." "Few of us believed Mordor capable of fulfilling that pledge. None of us believed them willing." Composing his face, Gimli opened his eyes and turned, finding the elf standing beside him. "I do not pursue this Quest in an effort to save that which is already fallen, Legolas. Rather, I pursue this Quest in an effort to save that which remains. If we reclaim more, then I count ourselves fortunate. But if not, it is still better than what will become of all Free Peoples should our errand fail." Legolas took a deep breath, his eyes torn. "It is a hard thing to let go of that which you love." "It is. But sometimes it must be done in order to keep that which you still have." The elf shook his head slightly and looked away. "The dwarves are known for their courage," he murmured. "They should also be known for their wisdom. So be it, then. If you can forsake Khazad-dûm, I can forsake Mirkwood. For you have the right of it—we are of more use to our people here." "And what of the…the whispers you hear?" Gimli asked, reluctant to speak of Frodo's burden openly, even in the safety of Lothlórien. "They will doubtless grow stronger as we near Mordor. Can you forsake them also?" "The whispers will indeed grow stronger," Legolas agreed, "but so will I. And I now know that I may call upon your wisdom when the whispers grow too loud." Gimli shifted uneasily at that. "You give me a heavy burden." "No heavier than the burden of Gandalf's death," Legolas said, turning sharp eyes on Gimli, "for neither is your burden to bear. Understand this, my friend: Gandalf knew the danger. He knew the darkness. He knew the consequences of his choices. His death was not the fault of the dwarves. You are not responsible. And as for my own path, the responsibility for that lies with me. I may seek your counsel, but the choices I make are my own." A smile tugged at the corners of the elf's lips. "It will be a pleasant day in Mordor ere I let a dwarf assume responsibility for my actions." And despite a nagging guilt that insisted the dwarves were indeed responsible for Gandalf's fall, Gimli felt an answering smile creep over his face. "Let us hope for pleasant days," he said, "for it would do you good to let dwarven sense guide your feet." Legolas laughed outright, and the sun seemed to shine again. "So we are resolved. We will press forward together, and we will lend Frodo what aid we can for as long as we can." "If we are indeed resolved, then let us find a more welcoming place to spend the day's hours," Gimli said, feeling as though his heart had just been relieved of a heavy weight. "We will see darkness enough when we depart, and I crave the feel of solid earth beneath my boots." Laughing again, Legolas turned his eyes south toward the golden city of the Galadhrim. "If you are willing, I propose that we rejoin the Fellowship," he said. "We have not long in this land, and it would be good to spend our last days here together." To this, Gimli readily agreed, and following Legolas down from the talan , he firmly put his back to the darkness of the northern forests and the storms of the Misty Mountains. Doubt and sorrow still touched his mind, but there was comfort in knowing that whatever shadows prowled the southern lands, he would have Legolas at his side when they faced them. It still felt strange to draw comfort from this. Not long ago, Gimli would have scoffed at the notion. Yet now, it gave him hope. Not the treacherous hope of failing realms but rather a true hope. Gandalf's hope. A fool's hope, as Elrond's councilor had named it. And what better pair of fools could be found than an elf and a dwarf setting out together against the shadow of the East? Gimli smiled. Perhaps it was not so strange after all.