the tail softly patting the rug but it never left the boy's side. Near their heads stood a decorated box that had held nearly two kilogram of home-made shortbread, now there were not even crumbs left. She rolled her eyes. Knowing her dog, she was sure that that meant about one pound of butter in each of their stomachs. She would just have to wait who puked first, the dog or the lad. On the TV screen now Éomer was showing up behind Gandalf on the ridge above the Hornburg and the Rohir on the sofa doubled over with laughter, raising some imaginary sword, mimicking the actor. And then hell broke loose. As soon as the Riders in the film started to urge their horses down that incredibly steep slope, both men jumped up, staring at the screen in disbelief. "Stop those ... idiots! They can't get their mounts down that slope like that!" Swaying and pointing an accusing finger at the screen, but not letting go of his glass, Éomer made to grab her husband, who looked totally flabberghasted, while Éothain apparently looked for some way into the TV set, all the time yelling swearwords in Rohirric. The boy shot up disorientated, the dog started to bark and growl... the commotion was nothing but perfect. With a furious movement she slammed down on the remote control, the screen went black, and all of the living room's former occupants shut up in unison. "Oh, my dearesh … cuddly wife." Getting out of the horselord's grip, her husband waved at her grinningly. "We lef you shome shew." "I noticed, " she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm."You left me some stew but used up the hot water, plundered the Christmas box, and got ratted." "Ecshacly!" His grin was now threatening to split his face, and he tried to put an arm around her waist and pull her close. Angrily she shoved him away. "I had the hell of a job, it's cold, wet and stormy outside, and mind you: I'm not overmuch fond of having my arm shoved up some cow's arse. And I bloody well have the right to some hot water, order and quiet in my own house when coming back." Her anger even reached through their alcoholic haze and while her husband truly looked contrite Éothain sat down on the floor in front of the TV with an embarrassed face while his king tried for some kind of excuse. It was astonishing, how well he could muster his senses once he had recognised the situation as urgent. His voice much less slurred than before, he turned to the woman. "Sorry, mistress Thanwen, we'll pay attention to leave enough water next time. "Next time?" Her eyebrows shot up to her hairline. With a big grin the Rohir nodded. "Yep. We mean to stay, your husband has agreed to put us up until you have provided some story for the winter months. That's what we were celebrating, you see?" The stout little woman stood speechless, something that did not occur to her very often. The king pleadingly held out his hands, swaying only slightly. "Try to understand. You abandoned us, left us to darkness, cold and boredom. Did you really think we would accept it without resistance? Well, we are here now, and unless you continue the story, we have nowhere to go." Grudgingly she had to admit at least to herself that his claim made some sense, though she never would tell him. "Why do you need your own story? Why don't you just go into some other story?" Éomer King shook his head. "We can't, because we are already there. That is, some other blokes with our names are there, because it's their story." Seeing her frown, he shrugged. "Maybe Winfrid could go, but I would not like to leave him alone. Nobody would know him in that story, he would have no family, no friends. You cannot really want the boy to suffer anything like that." Gritting her teeth, she realized that the king was not half as drunk as his captain and her husband. Her husband! How could that idiot have made such an arrangement with this pest of a horselord! And then it dawned on her: How could he? He could not! He did not speak the language! Angrily she glared at the king. "You planned this. You got my husband drunk on purpose and you made him agree to something he did not even understand." The king's face did not give away anything. "Maybe. But anyway we'll stay till March unless you give us some life over the winter months. I would have preferred you to be reasonable, but dire straits demand dire measures." His outstretched hand landed heavily on her shoulder. "And, mistress Thanwen, don't you forget: You promised me a wedding night. Otherwise we might well visit you again in summer." Her eyes daggers, she shoved off his hand. "That's blackmail, Horseking." "Exactly." With a smirk he raised his glass to her. "I'm already learning German. Prost!" He should not have done that. Being defeated and mucked about was just one thing too many and caused her to slip into some cool, ruthless attitude her students feared and used to call "second level of escalation", the first one being her usual yelling and swearing, while the third was far and wide unknown as they claimed that no one had survived it yet to explain. With a deadpan expression she turned on her heel and left for her study. In the parlour the Rohirrim started to chant some kind of battle song as she booted up her PC, a grim smile on her face. Raising her chin in challenge, she let her chubby fingers descend on the keys, a wicked gleam in her eyes. He would get what he wanted, and he would wish he had never asked for it. Annotations: husbonde : (old English) housewife cyning: (old Englisg) king Prost!: (German) Cheers!