knowing when that would be frightened me… I hated to think that I did not know what would happen after this moment. I turned back to face my beloved husband and shared a long look with him. He nodded at me and mouthed, "Have faith, my love." I did have faith. I know I did. I was just frightened that my faith would only get me so far. -o- The trip was stressful, wearying; unending at its worst and enjoyable, enlightening and fascinating at its best. Travel was slow going. I was Her Majesty's near constant companion, and we got to know each other quite well as the days wore on. Days were spent on horseback more or less in silence, with the occasional story to tell as they were recalled, song as the moment saw fit, or outburst from Dalahíl, an outspoken guard whom my dear husband seemed to be quite amused by. He would ride next to Dalahíl for hours on end, speaking and building an easy friendship with the considerably younger elf. I was just happy that Cirvel had found someone to speak with. Part of me had been worried that he would not adjust well, but I realized quickly that that had been a ridiculous thought. It made much more sense that I would be the less adaptable… Cirvel had always struck out and been the more adventurous of the two of us. The nights were quite the opposite of the days. At night, a small fire was lit and camp was made, and while the horses rested, we would sit and talk. Stories were told, songs were sung, and as the days progressed my husband and I felt welcomed into the company and the camaraderie. Most of the guards already knew each other, and the queen was much beloved amongst them, but my husband and I were unknown variables amongst the collection of elves. It was early in the morning of the fourteenth or fifteenth day that the Queen gasped, breaking the easy silence that had settled after another guard, Belvith, had brightly told us an amusing story about his daughter learning to walk and where the softest bits of earth were in Mirkwood. "I can see the forest!" She pointed excitedly ahead of us and laughed jubilantly. She touched her not-yet-showing stomach and said in a sweet, motherly voice, "We are almost home, little one!" Despite the clear day, I could not yet see what Mirwen could. She was with child, and as her body's own protection, all of her senses were enhanced. "I will trust your eyes, Mirwen," I called to her. "But my own can only see the surrounding, seemingly endless plains." "My eyes can only see the rear end of Cirvel's horse!" piped up Dalahíl. "Raise your eyes a little higher and you could see my rear end," Cirvel returned. "I would prefer not to stare, you might tell my wife," Dalahíl replied without missing a beat. "Who was brave enough to marry you?" Cirvel teased with a laugh. "Now, children," Mirwen interrupted from the front. "Do you think we will reach the woods by nightfall?" I asked Mirwen from my spot beside her. She turned to me and, with a small smile and bright eyes she responded, "I certainly hope so." She fidgeted on her horse and frowned for a few moments, glancing down at her stomach. I held out a hand to touch her shoulder. She jolted, seeming unaware of my intention, and when she noticed, she beamed. "Thank you," she said softly, as she came out of herself and her thoughts. "The little one sensed my anxiety and was getting upset." "I understand. It would be best that we press on and get you home soon," I suggested. Mirwen nodded and increased the pace of her horse. Like a flock of birds, the company increased pace along with her. She was the monarch, the leader. We would follow her anywhere. Anor had long since begun its descent when we entered the border of the forest, and beneath the green canopy, it was very dark and murky- but yet not oppressing in its gloom. We rode through the darkness for a time, probably hours, with each one that rolled by seeming to stretch out longer than the one previous, before coming to the edges of civilization. It started with a smattering of homes and families; slowly increasing in number as we neared what, I came to understand, was the epicenter of life in the forest. People came out to greet the queen and her company, and I realized exactly the extent of her kindness and truly how well loved she was. The palace was not actually entirely underground, as I had heard rumored in Lothlórien. There was actually quite a large structure aboveground. Based on what I could see, the interior of the palace would be massive and labyrinthine… a drastic change from what I was used to with the open-air system in Lothlórien. I could only hope I would not get lost too often! Whilst I was thinking these daunting thoughts, out from a massive pair of wooden doors scampered a little elfling with long flaxen hair flying behind her. "Mama! Mama!" she called. Mirwen dismounted her horse quickly and the little girl flew right into her arms. Mirwen wrapped her up in her embrace and the mother-daughter pair laughed together. "Caralas, darling, I've missed you!" she said happily. Following the little girl walked none other than who I rightly assumed was King Thranduil himself. Caralas was the spitting image of her father, flaxen hair and sharply defined features, even in such a little face. When Thranduil reached his wife and daughter he wrapped them both up in his embrace and held them close. "Welcome home, bess nín," he whispered, giving her a lingering kiss on her lips. Mirwen beamed up at him and, holding her daughter close she said, "It's so good to be home at last."