head and step back. I do not wish to challenge this one until I can discern his purpose, but he does not halt his advance. "A-aragorn?" The faint whisper shatters the silence of our confrontation. The human hesitates, but turns his head to regard the elf out of one eye, still watching me closely. "Legolas?" A quivering sigh of relief, mingled with pain, fills the air. "Thank the Valar." Thank the Forest. This human is known to the elf. "Are you badly injured?" "I-I cannot stand. The trap..." The human grunts, his face contorting in disgust. He risks a glance back at the elf before turning his attention to me, the grip on his sword shifting as he prepares to attack. "Aragorn, no." The elf struggles to sit forward, falling back with a sharp moan of pain. "It is only a wolf, Legolas." "You do not understand." "You are lucky it did not attack you already," the human counters. "No...Aragorn, he s-saved me tonight." The human pauses, brow furrowing in confusion. "It saved you?" "F-from the hunters. They returned and he drove them off." "Why?" The human's voice is skeptical, and I cannot blame him. My own people would not believe such a tale, even were I to tell it. "I do not know," the elf's voice has faded a bit, and his eyes are closed in pain. "But I w-would be dead if it were not for him." The human sighs, and I am surprised to see a bit of indulgent humor in his eyes. "How do I let you convince me of these things, Legolas?" he mutters, loosening his grip on his sword and stepping back. I lower myself to the ground, resting my head on my forepaws and watching the human carefully. I notice the human does not replace his sword in his sheath, choosing to set it on the ground where it will be easier to reach should he need it. He pulls the elf's cloak away, and very gently begins to examine his wounds. Even from my position, I can tell that the human is distressed. The thick scent of blood has grown stronger, and I can sense that the elf has become frighteningly weak. I fear the human has come too late. But the human does not seem to share the same fear. He is concerned, but he does not despair of the elf's life yet. He reaches into a small pouch at his side and pulls forth a small dried leaf. Crushing it between his fingers, he holds the bruised fragments close to the elf's face. "Breathe." I watch the elf take in a shuddering breath, his body trembling. He coughs once, reaching out to wrap his own hand around the one that is holding the broken leaf. "...in the king's hand lying..." The human chuckles, a bit wryly, at the elf's whispered statement. "You are lucky only the wolf is here to hear you, Legolas. It is not my time yet." I can see the elf smile, and am relieved to notice some small strength restored to him. "We must return to the palace. I fear I have not the supplies to treat your wounds out here." The elf nods, his hand tightening around the human's as he tries to pull himself to his feet. The human stops him easily, rising to a crouch as he pulls the cloak from around his shoulders. "I fear you still do not have the strength to walk," he says quietly. "Do not worry...I will not drop you." I blink in surprise at the suddenly teasing tone of the human's voice. These beings are strange...the forest has indeed blessed the elves, and it seems as though this human is counted among them. He wraps the elf in his own cloak, carefully lifting him into his arms. As I watch the human cradle the elf's head against his shoulder, I am reminded of my own mate carrying our cubs, and of fainter memories of my mother carrying my brothers and I to safety. The human spares me a short glance, but the elf gives me a lingering look and stretches out one hand toward me. I rise, bowing my head in the fashion of my people. "Thank you, friend." The elf's whispered words seem to carry through the forest, leaves rustling in the knowledge of this elf's thanks. The human grunts again, the look in his eyes that of an indulgent pack-brother. For that is what they are, I have realized. They are pack-brothers...born not of the same mother and father but to the same spirit. And that is a gift...true pack-brothers are a gift to all who wander the paths beneath these blessed trees, be they man, elf, or wolf. Still cradling the elf close, the human gently picks his way through the forest path. I watch them go, my duty to protect the elf happily ended. It is time to continue my hunt. I pause as I turn to leave the clearing, seeing the leaf the human had broken still lying on the forest floor. In curiosity, I slip over to smell it, wondering what sort of plant could restore the strength of the elf. Its fragrance is indescribable. It is sweet, yet somehow sorrowful...and like nothing I have ever smelled before. At its scent I can feel the vigor restored to my body, the energy depleted over the last few hours returned to me. The forest seems sharper as well, scents and sounds stronger than they had ever been before. Strength renewed, I turn and follow a new trail beneath the trees. Though the scent of the elf's blood is still strong, above it I catch the scent of something much more welcome. The deer have ventured out of their hiding places. In this, my heart rejoices. For I am Draug . I am Hunter. And I still must feed my pack tonight. Reviews? Flames? Tar and Feathers? Note: Draug is Elvish for Wolf