is own progeny, the fruit of his loins!" "Come on guys, give an old timer a break", rasped Gerontius, "I don't want to be remembered as the Gaffer that caused outright war between the Tooks and the Baginses." "Old timer? Who are you calling old?" replied Thelandan, "You're fifty years younger than me, and your guess is still as good as mine as to Gandalf's age." "It was ever thus", said Gerontius, "So, will you do it?" "Of course we will", said Gandalf, "If you want to cover your tracks one last time, we're here to help you do it. It is a great honour to do such for a wonderful friend. Rest now, Gerontius, you have earned it." "Yes, rest Gerontius", chipped in Thelandan. Gerontius closed his eyes. "Hey, where's that mutt of yours, Thelandan?" said Gerontius, with his eyes still closed. "I left him out on the porch." "Go bring him in; I'd like to see him one last time too." "Okay, I'll be right back", said Thelandan, getting up from his seat beside the Old Took's bed. When he had left the room, Gerontius opened his eyes again, and looked up at Gandalf. "He's been a good friend, Gandalf, you both have. If I could ask one last thing of you, it would be that you grant him his wish", there was a pause while Gerontius took another shallow breath, "and return to him and Grimordel that which was lost in Dale." "I can't promise to bring back Thorandan, but maybe I can do something for them. Here he comes now with that silly mutt, maybe I could extend it's life for them." As he entered, Thelandan could see that it was already too late. Gandalf was just reaching up to close the Old Took's eyes. Thelandan and Gandalf both let their defences down and tears were shed in that room, possibly the only real honest tears for Gerontius that were shed in that house that day. It took the magic of a wizard, the might of a Dúnedain warrior, and the savagery of a White Wolf-cub to dispel the riot that came at the reading of the Will. Any two alone may not have been equal to the task. There were murmurings that the two friends of Gerontius had forced him to sign a bedside change of Will so that they could take all his wealth. This was only dispelled when both Gandalf and Thelandan promised before all the assembled family members that they would leave The Shire not a single coin richer, and that everything would be shared out evenly amongst the Old Took's descendants. They buried the Old Took in the Smials, and Gandalf and Thelandan did a forthright job of divvying up amongst his family the spoils and treasures, the home, land and property that Gerontius had amassed or had received from his forefathers. Many a grumble was heard, but no war broke out between the rival factions. When all was done, they loaded up their wain for the return trip. They were accompanied by Bilbo as far as Bree, who set about again asking questions of far distant lands, places, and peoples. "So, what did he say?" asked Thelandan as soon as they were alone on the trail leading back toward the Ford of Bruinen. "About what?" asked Mithrandir. "The Shard. Did he know where it is?" asked Thelandan, lowering his voice, for one never knew if the trees had ears in these parts. "No, leastways if he did, he couldn't remember. I don't hold that against him. Chances are he may never have known anyway. It was a long shot." All the way back to Imladris, Thelandan and Mithrandir spoke of their good friend Gerontius and the times they had spent together. They were in no hurry to return, and the return trip took them half as long again as the first trip took. It was a totally uneventful trip, except to say that Karn was well fed, on two fat coneys he caught by the side of the path. "Is he gone?" asked Grimordel when they arrived back safely at home. "Yes, he has left us at last", answered Mithrandir. "I bet the family will be sad", she said, much to both of the men's mirth. "I'm sure they will be dear", said Thelandan, knowing of his wife's great love and respect for family relationships. "Well, I must be on my way", said Mithrandir, "But before I do, won't you invite a weary traveller in for a drink. We can toast the memory of Gerontius together one last time." "Please, do come in Mithrandir", said Grimordel, "I would like that." Mithrandir pulled a large silver goblet from his sack on the back of the wain. "We'll use this, if you please." It was a splendid challis, with Certar runes engraved about its rim, in a language that neither Thelandan nor Grimordel could make out. The secret language of the ancient Valar. Mithrandir, Thelandan, and Grimordel went inside and sat in the great hall, in front of the hearth, the embers of which were still glowing warmly. It was a cosy home, more used to having large numbers of guests than as an empty abode for two old folks to putter around in. Grimordel brought in a draft and poured it into the goblet that Mithrandir held out. "To Gerontius, the Old Took. To friendship, camaraderie, and respect", intoned Mithrandir. He passed the goblet to Thelandan, who took a deep swig. The goblet was passed on to Grimordel, who likewise took a deep swig. She passed it back to Mithrandir, who just at that time exclaimed "Good gracious me, the horse! The poor horse has been tied to that wain all this time. I must go free him or he will refuse to work for me ever again." And with that, Mithrandir quickly departed, taking the goblet with him. Neither Thelandan nor Grimordel noticed that the goblet never touched Mithrandir's lips.