usual argument on who was to keep watch from Strider and Drifter, which was soon becoming a routine. It was on their third day when they camped for the night in an abandoned and ruined tower, Strider had opted to keep watched as Drifter started making some soup, making sure to use a veiling spell to hide the fire from watching eyes. "This is it?" Merry asked rhetorically as the others dug into their soup, too hungry to be fussy. "Yes," Drifter replied. "I cannot keep the spell for long without tiring, besides, I can sense more Dark beings nearby, it's better to be safe than sorry." "Speaking of spells," Sam said, hesitating a moment as he decided on the best way to approach the subject. "What kind of magic do you use?" Drifter remained silent for while as she sat and gathering her thoughts, the Hobbits waited impatiently for her answer. "I use a combination of both light and dark magic – I was cursed when I was younger, half of my light magic would turn to dark and with the arrival of the dark magic... my memories disappeared." The Hobbits' eyes were wide in awe and sorrow. "How did you find it out if you don't remember anything?" Frodo asked, he wasn't the slightest accusing, and it made Drifter relax – what worried her was that she didn't notice that she tensed up – and she answered the usually shy Hobbit's question. "A few years ago, seven I believe, my magic began to get out of control, the healers and other magic users in my home had tried to calm my powers but nothing worked, luckily, Gandalf was in my home town at the time and sensed my magic – he balanced my powers so I could use both magics without too much damage done to my body." Merry and Pipin listened in awe, almost dropping their soup from lack of concentration, Sam sipped his soup as he listened politely and Frodo felt the weight of the Ring more than ever as Drifter told her tale. "Wouldn't your powers become unbalanced again, Drifter?" Drifter nodded her head at Frodo's question. "Aye, they would, but since you'll be meeting with Gandalf I'm sure he'll be able to balance my powers again, I'm in need of a 'check-up' anyway." She replied with a wry smile. "I'll wait in the forests for him." "Won't you come into Rivendale with us?" Pipin exclaimed, as if he was both worried and insulted that Drifter wouldn't accompany them into the famous Elvin city. "I would, but I do not like staying in one place too long, I will become restless and I have a tendency to steal and break things when I become restless." The Hobbits eyed each other warily after her little explanation. Strider, who had been listening to the entire conversation from behind one of the crumbling walls, emerged and joined his companions in the centre of the ruins. "There's nothing, and that will remain so if there are no fires." Both Pipin and Merry looked disheartened at that, and Drifter passed the Ranger a bowl of soup. "Eat Stinky, you'll need the strength for travel tomorrow," she stood and stretched her arms and cracked her back to loosen the sore and tense muscles. "Now, it's my turn to keep watch, I'll return in a few hours." It took a while for Drifter to find a comfortable spot, but once she did she sat and stared out around the landscape and, once her eyes adjusted to the dark, she merely sat and observed. She had three hours alone in the cold and darkness, she really hated camping. Drifter awoke, she didn't realize that she had fell asleep, and she sat up slowly, massaging her neck gently, which had turned sore from the uncomfortable position. Her cheeks warmed once she realized where she had been sleeping, her head had been resting on Strider's thigh as she laid on her side. "Why'd you let me sleep Stinky?" She had meant to apologize, but she accidently slipped that little exclamation out, she sighed and murmured; "I'm sorry." Strider nodded his head slightly to show that he had accepted her apology, the curly haired young woman stared out into the night. "Strider," she muttered. "Aye?" "Do you... know what has become of Gandalf the Grey?" Strider stilled and Drifter waited patiently for a response, she took in the details of his weathered and slightly weary face, there were laughter lines around his eyes, and there faint lines around the front of his eyebrows, hinting years of scowling or intense concentration. Drifter was shocked with the sudden realisation of how little she knew about him. "No, I do not," she lowered her emerald eyes and heaved a weary sigh, she had dreaded (dreaded, not feared) that response. She jumped as Strider's calloused hand clasped her shoulder. "Fear not, Drifter, he will have his reasons for why he hasn't arrived." Drifter hesitated a moment before resting her hand on his. "Even Gandalf cannot avoid death," he squeezed her shoulder and what surprised her was that he didn't pull away from her touch. "He will not fall, not today." She turned slowly to him, afraid of what she would find; his face was gentle and warm. Her eyes lowered to his lips for a single, brief moment but she squeezed his hand gently; "Not today," she agreed with a small smile, her cheeks heated but she did not turn away from his unusually gentle face. Those familiar, shrill shrieks startled the Ranger and Mage, both leapt to their feet and ran to the ruined stair case; they had to get the Hobbits to safety. Chapter word count: 4,130 Story word count: 4,130 Can you guys please give me some constructive criticism? Any pointers? Oh, the words I translated are Elvin, I found a website to translate Tolkien's Elvish into English. Here's the link; /elvish/eng_to_ Have a nice day peeps!