advantageous match, and then use it to try and challenge his stewardship. That snake has lived in my home these past months, through the time leading up to the war. I am aware of his tactics. He is why I fled to Minas Tirith, despite the war on its door step, and at the the risk of my fathers displeasure. From the months he spent at Dol Amoroth I know his ways. The knife, that lunge, Angorhil planned on attacking you. For what reason I could not answer. But I could not let that man disgrace Gondor by attacking you my lord." Several things happened all at once and in that moment, those knots Eomer had felt were all pulled loose. For the first time since Theodred's death, he felt as though he were in the right place, at the right time, and with the right person. There was anger also, how could Imrahim not now of the snake in his midst, a snake preying on his only daughter? The anger never actually left either, Eomer could feel it staying on the surface making his temper quick. But the honesty, sweetness, and sheer impracticality of her last statement had the power to tame it for the moment. "How is a slip of a girl supposed to protect me, the king of Rohan?" The laughter and surprise were clear in his voice, and he hoped it carried towards the men he could hear a ways away, hopefully his own men. Lothiriel looked up at him then, her tone sardonic, but unable to mask the growing pain in her voice. "He aimed to gut you my lord. Excuse me if I may, but did this slip of a girl not just take a blow for you?" Her words brought a flush to his cheeks and he hoped she did not notice. " I would have you not do that again my lady, should any others wish to try." There flashed in her eyes something bright and fierce, a new emotion that was able to cut through the glaze of pain, like one of the proud mearas cutting across the open planes of Rohan, easily flying across the open grass lands. "None in this city have leave to even speak ill of you my lord, and certainly none shall try again to harm you in any way. I cannot promise that were anyone to try, I would not again act as I have." Her fierceness arrested him, he continued to hold her arm, her warm blood painting his hands as the stream slowed. Eomer heard his men coming closer and gave a shout, his eyes never leaving hers. The guards made to round the corned, and he saw her suddenly shy away from his gaze. Her free hand went to cover herself, and her bruised lip was worried between her teeth for only a second, before the pain was remembered. It would not do for his men to see her like his. " Eorhain, wait! Turn around and pass my your cloak." Eomer sent her he most reassuring grin he could, she returned it with a shaky smile, one that hinted the true beauty of her face could only be enjoyed when she was truly happy. He took the cloak, and wrapped it around her shoulders. "Send a man to the hall to find prince Imrahil, tell him I have escorted his daughter home, and I shall be waiting for him there." Lothiriel looked shocked and tried to persist, " Eomer King there must be many other things you could do with your evening. It is not necessary for you to escort me." She moved to stand and back away, already her proud bearing taking over for her prior timidity. Eomer would have none of that. He could hear EOwyn's voice in his head telling him he was being brutish and pig headed, as she often did when he found her on the outer walls waiting for their uncle or cousin to return to Meduseld. He treated Lothiriel much as he had treated Eowyn, by scooping her into his arms and ignoring her complaints. "What sort of man would I be if I let a woman who was just assaulted, who is the daughter of a dear friend, a princess of my greatest ally, and a woman whom find I am growing to admire, walk home alone after such an ordeal." Though worded as a question, Lothiriel saw it for the the partial rebuke that it was and wisely kept her thoughts to herself as Eomer carried her down through the side garden entrance to the streets below. Staring up to the plain gold crown resting on his brow and the strong jaw covered in a rough blond main, Lothiriel felt the first stabs of grief. She had survived Angorhil's advances alone for so long. Where any man to learn of what she had let happen, she would never be able to marry a man of her choosing. There would be none who would accept her suit. None accept Angorhil. Looking at the face of the man who had saved her from a terrible fate, Lothiriel felt for the first time true loss. Eomer had saved her from a fate worse than death, but could not save her from the condemnation of her people. Angorhil would surely fight to get what he wanted, and Eomer's rescue could now only delay the inevitable. The he tears began to roll slowly at first, before her true loss finally struck her. Eomer held her close and whispered comforting words into her hair, words in Rohirric, deep and soothing. What would have soother her in any other situation pushed her to weep freely. Eomer only held her closer to him and this nearly broke her spirit. This taste of what she had lost forever, the freedom to pursue love, to find a connection with a man who could make her whole, had been take from her, forever.