turned to face the elf that had just exited the palace, straightening automatically as he did so. Breathless, Estel fought the urge to hide behind Elladan as his brother released him. The newcomer was blonde like Legolas and bore a very close resemblance to the young prince, but his eyes were dark brown. This wasn't Thranduil, was it? "I see you have taken it upon yourself to greet our guests, Legolas," the elf said haughtily. "I thought it only fitting," Legolas tried to explain. "I fear what Adar will say to this...meeting," the elf went on, interrupting Legolas' defense. "I tried to warn him that you lose all sense of dignity in the presence of these Rivendell elves." "Prince Belegdur," Elladan greeted the other elf gravely, bowing nobly. "It is good to see you looking well," Elrohir added with a bow of his own. Estel bowed also, but didn't know what to say to the elf. "I am sure Adar will feel differently than you, Belegdur," Legolas replied coldly. "He knows how much I have looked forward to seeing them again." Belegdur looked down on the sons of Elrond. "Pity," he said, almost to himself. "Too bad you could not choose friends more worthy of your position." The young prince sighed as his brother turned and walked back into the palace. Then he looked back to the brothers, sadness in his gaze. "You will have to pardon Belegdur," he said softly. "He only says what he thinks is right." Elladan frowned. "Is everything well in your family?" Legolas half-shrugged. "Belegdur and Melyannawen were against opening the tournament. Aranion and Luni are afraid there might be trouble." The human had to swallow a snort of laughter. Did the prince really just call his sister 'Luni'? "So...that was Belegdur?" he finally asked, his mind turning back to more serious matters. "Yes, it was," Legolas explained with a sigh, shaking his head. "I apologize for his rudeness, my friends. Come, I shall show you to your quarters." Estel, at his brothers' promptings, quickened his pace to catch up with the prince. "This is where you live?" he asked, somewhat in awe. "This is the palace," the prince explained, smiling. "My family lives here, as do many others. Those of my father's people who do not wish to live in the palace live in a village about a half day's journey away. The guard rotate in and out, each one staying for about eight months with his family before going back to the village." "This place is so big!" Estel exclaimed, wishing he had more eyes to see the palace around him. "It is our stronghold. All of my people could take refuge behind these walls if the need arose. You do need to be careful here, however," Legolas cautioned. "It is easy to get lost if you are not familiar with the palace." Estel shivered. "I don't want to get lost if your brother is prowling around." Legolas laughed. "Belegdur, prowling around the palace? Nay, fear not. He spends most of his time in his study or the throne room." "Speaking of throne rooms," Elladan interjected, "should we not be greeting your father soon?" The prince nodded. "I will take you to your rooms and give you a chance to refresh yourselves after your journey, then take you to my father." "Good," Estel sighed, shooting a mischievous glance at his brothers. "I want to get meeting the scary elf king over as soon as possible." Elladan growled and pretended to lunge for Estel's neck, stopping short and smiling innocently when the prince looked back at him. "Here we are," Legolas announced, coming to a stop in front of a door. "My father has arranged for you to use a small suite, but if you need other arrangements we can work something out." "This should be fine," Elladan assured the prince. "Would you like to come in with us?" The prince hesitated, glancing down the hall. "You will be on hand to show us to the throne room," Elrohir added. Legolas grinned and shook his head. "That is what you will tell my brother, should he question my absence?" The twins took the prince by the arm and pulled him into the room with them. "That is what we will tell Belegudr." "Elladan," Legolas began, perching on one of the beds as the slightly older twin began digging through his pack, which the servants had brought up, "are you and Elrohir planning on competing in the tournament?" "Of course!" the dark-haired elf replied, head buried deep in the pack. He emerged triumphant a moment later, a clean tunic clutched in his hand. "Why else would we be here?" "To see me?" Legolas asked, adopting a pitiful expression. He made a face and ducked as Elladan tossed his dirty tunic at him. "Careful! If one strand of my hair is out of place Belegdur will report me to my father for behaving in an un-princelike manner." Estel's forehead wrinkled in mild disgust. "Is he really that bad?" Legolas sighed. "Belegdur and I have had many disagreements on how an elf of 'my status' should act. Personally, I have come to think that he was born full-grown and has been growing worse ever since." Laughing, Elrohir discarded his travel-stained tunic for a clean one, pausing to help Estel with his. "And here I thought all Wood-Elves were merry." "Belegdur was adopted," Legolas retorted cheekily. "He is really one of you stuffy Imladris elves." "Do not blame him on us," Elrohir protested. "We tried to befriend him." "We were merely more than he could bear," Elladan agreed. Legolas shook his head in amused exasperation. "Well, if you are ready shall we go and greet my father?" Elladan and Elrohir looked at each other, then to Estel. "Aye," the older twin replied. "I believe we are ready." "Then follow me," Legolas said, climbing off the bed and leading the trio down the hall. Reviews? Flames? Tar and Feathers?