a disgusted. "Hey!" Mike reached into his book bag and pulls out a large paperback book. "We won't be going out into the bushes tonight. No, this time we are focusing on perfecting our small unit tactics with help from this handy US Army field manual covering infantry operations." Erica looked down at her watch and noted the time, "Guys, we had better get going if we don't want our parents sending out the National Guard after us." The five friends began walking out towards the parking lot. Just before splitting up to go to their cars, Mike told the others, "Okay, we go home, get something to eat, then meet up at Erica's place say around six?" The others nodded in agreement and walked off to their cars for the drive home. +++ Earl Shepherd's Home Snellville, Georgia 2100 hours June 24, 2000 The Wolfpack as the paintball team became known retired back to Earl's house for a night of celebration following their latest win. Mike, Erica, David, Dena, and Earl settled back as the famous introduction, A Long Time Ago In A Galaxy Far Far Away scrolled across the screen. Erica turned back to Mike and commented on their victory, "So, that makes how many wins over those Stone Mountain jocks?" Mike took a long sip of his Coke before responding, "We've faced them six times since January and kicked their butts each time. They just don't have any military instincts." "You can say that again. Of course those experimental radio units Gramps gave out helped. Not to mention those hand signals we adapted from those books your dad brought back from the base." Halfway through the movie, their host noticed that the drinks were running low, and got up to get the refills. David suggested that they stop the DVD and raid the kitchen. The others agreed to his suggestion and filed off to the kitchen. On the way out, Mike turned off the DVD player and was following the others when an important news bulletin interrupted the sitcom that had been playing on the regular station. Earl had returned to the den to retrieve his cup when he noticed the news report, "Hold on guys, this looks important." Mike recognized the look of concern on his friends face and went over to the TV, "Yeah, that's a good idea." The others returned just in time to hear the initial reports of a rapidly spreading illness striking the west coast. "SHIT!!" Erica said as she dumps her soda on the floor as she watched pictures that crossed the screen. "Oh my god!" Dena was in shock as she recognized where the pictures were coming from. A grim faced middle aged man began reading from a recently passed sheet of paper, "The is Harvey Kent reporting from Los Angeles. The number of what locals are calling the Superflu has tripled over the last three days. The governor has declared a state of emergency and ordered a quarantine of the city." Mike was very quiet as he remembered something he has seen on another news station, "Uh, guys I seem to recall hearing about something similar breaking out in New York" "Oh no. my auntie Linda and her family live there." Dena announced. "So far, doctors have been unable to treat the victims who tend to pass within two weeks of showing the first flu-like symptoms." David becomes white faced, "Guys, You remember Todd Armstrong from our homeroom. I tried to see him yesterday but his mom said he was out with the flu and couldn't leave his bed." Erica began to panic and whispered, "Nooo. Mom said she wasn't feeling well this morning." The teenager didn't wait for a response as she grabbed her stuff and started for the door. The other teens were not paying attention to the girl. They were too horrified by the pictures from the television. Finally Mike snapped through his shock and yelled out to Erica, "ERICA... WAIT THE GUY IS TALKING ABOUT HOW CONTAGIOUS THIS STUFF IS" The teenager did not even turn around as she reached the door, "Mom needs me! I couldn't be there for dad I can be there from my mother." Earl listened as the reporter talked about what the authorities had discovered about the disease or virus, "Oh. My. God. This stuff is apparently airborne" Erica stopped and turned around, "Than that means we all have it if mom has it. Remember, she's a nurse at the army hospital." Mike recognized that his friends were close to losing it, took control, "Okay guys, calm down. There haven't been any cases confirmed for Atlanta. Let's not panic" "I am not panicking I am just paranoid like gramps," responded Erica. David argued, "But there weren't any cases reported in LA until last week and New York three days ago" Erica returned to her friends and commented, "Gang we are right between them both. So as Gramps would say, "Presume the worse until proven otherwise." There was still a trace of worry in her voice as she suggested, "So let's make plans incase it's true." "Guys, we have our cell phones as well as those personal radios Erica's gramps gave us. So we will get together at the ranch every day at noon. If you can't make it call somebody, but don't leave the rest of us hanging." suggested Mike. Silence settled over the room as the implications of the television report settled in. Finally, one by one, the teens left for their respective homes. TBC To the Reader: Thus ends the first part of "Currahee". I hope you enjoyed the story and look forward to any comments and reviews. Chapter Two: That Others May Live will cover the teens coping with watching their friends, family, and society die around them while they prepare to leave in search of other survivors. Little do they know they will end up in another realm and time known as Middle Earth. Merry Prankster