to make. I would rather allow the darkness to consume me if it will guarantee her safety." He said resolutely. "You can't live your life like that." "Yes I can, and I will." Elrond's words were harsh, mirroring his dark despair. "No, you can't. I know your sense of duty, your complete selflessness. But you can't live your life in a lie. You can't save everyone; you can't bend the world to your will. Celebrían is already in danger considering her parentage. It's foolish to cut bonds of love for a trinket." He said the last word with disdain. Elrond looked away and drew in a deep breath. He knew that Glorfindel was right in many ways. But his reasoning would not allow his heart to fall for Celebrían. He closed his eyes and shook his head. "I can't risk it." "She did not fall for you because you're an easy choice." Glorfindel grasped his shoulders and almost shook him as if his actions would make him see reason. "She fell for you because of you. Not because of your status, heritage, or a ring. She fell for Elrond, and you are not basing your decision as Elrond son of Ëarendil, but as Elrond the keeper of Vilya." Elrond shook his head in denial and tried to move from Glorfindel's grasp, but he held him firmly in place. Elrond forced himself to meet his stare and was faced with the fear, pain and frustration his friend felt. Alarmingly it was pain and fear on his behalf. Glorfindel did not say things he didn't mean, and Elrond always valued his judgment. Was he making the decision solely on his role as the guardian of Vilya, or was he making the decision based on his own emotions? He wanted to believe that his decision had been personal, that Vilya had nothing to do with the decision. However he would be lying if he claimed it to be so. He was afraid of commitment. He had never been in love before and it scared him, but it had also brought him hope for a better future. Elrond bowed his head and sighed. "You're right." He felt Glorfindel's hands tighten on his shoulder. "I'm afraid. I have all these conflicting emotions in my head and I can't find a way to sort through them. I'm afraid of making the same error my parents did. I'm afraid of making promises I can't keep." Elrond looked up and met Glorfindel's gaze. "And I'm afraid to lose the people I love." "It's a part of being a living being. We are afraid to hurt, to love, to follow our path in life." Glorfindel let go of his shoulders and looked outside the window. Elrond followed his gaze to the lithe figure by the rose bushes. She was now alone in the garden. Her head was bent over a book. A finger toyed with a silver curl that had fallen into her face. "Why won't you join her in the garden? She has been waiting for you ever since the council meeting, and that was two weeks ago. Go to her." Elrond hesitated, the warning in his mind preventing him from following his heart. He glanced at Glorfindel who looked at him expectantly. Finally Elrond took a step towards the door and for the first time in his life he allowed his heart to overtake his reason. He walked briskly to the door but stopped in the doorway and turned to look at Glorfindel. "Thank you." He muttered, then he turned around and headed out of the study. He walked into the sunny garden and walked straight towards the secluded spot by the rose bushes. He stopped in his tracks when he saw her. She seemed to be completely engrossed in her book, a serene expression on her features. A certain feeling of calm and peace settled over him, and he felt as if the worries of the world melted away. He crossed the short distance between them and stopped right by her side. Celebrían's head shot up and her blue eyes brightened at the sight of him. "Elrond." "Lady Celebrían." She rolled her eyes and shook her head. "How often must I insist that you call me Celebrían." "All right, Celebrían." Her breath caught in her throat, and he tried to ignore the hope he saw in her eyes. There was such faith, such an innocent hope for a better world. But he could also see her strength glow within her. He realized that he would only swallow her hopes. A relationship with him would clench her spirit. He was still doubtful of the future, and no matter how much convincing he would need he was not about to throw precaution out of the window. "What are you reading?" He asked and gestured towards her book. Celebrían blushed and picked up the worn book. "Nothing of importance." "Every book is of some importance." He assured her. "It's actually about you." "Me?" He asked in confusion. She nodded her head and blushed an even deeper shade of crimson. Apparently she had not expected his presence. "I was curious, and I…Forgive me If I have offended you." She looked away. "Would you like to go for a walk?" Celebrían looked up at his abrupt question but she was quick to recover and nodded her head. "I would love to." He grasped her hand and helped her up. She wove her arm through his, and leaned against his side. Her blunt manners caught him slightly off guard but he was careful to hide it. Instead he pointed out his favorite plants, and spots in the garden and she would listen to him in utter fascination. He allowed himself this moment of peace. He allowed her to anchor him to the world and let himself hope for a better future, a future with her. For now he would take it slow. They would continue on as friends, at least for now.