munching with obvious delight. Breaking a morsel off, he held it in front of her lips. "Come on, have at least a piece to clear me from the accusation of stealing my sister's breakfast. Open your mouth." She frowned, but let him pop the piece into her mouth. "I would not have eaten it anyway, so you just spared me another useless discussion with those dratted healers." He nodded. "I see. And what's in that bowl?" She shrugged. "Stewed fruit, apple I suppose." "You're sure? Could be some Gondorean I don't know what." He reached for the bowl, taking one of the fruit pieces on the spoon and eyeing it critically from all sides, before presenting the spoon to her. "Try." "For Béma's sake, Brother! Stop behaving as if it is going to bite you!" Yet she could not but laugh at his antics and willingly took a small bite. "It's apple, you moron. Eat it and have done with it." Without further hesitation he slurped the syrupy dessert off the spoon, only to grimace again. "What is it now? Too sour this time?" She had never known her brother to be picky about his food and he was certainly getting on her nerves, behaving like some spoiled brat. "No, the fruit is fine, it's just that syrup. Would you mind to drink it off for me so I can have the fruit without it?" He was making his most convincing puppy eyes ever, she thought, when she took the bowl and slowly drank the sweet liquid. There were but three more pieces of apple in the little bowl and Éomer finished them off in no time, only to return his attention to the rest of the bread. It took him only one more bite to nearly finish the slice, offering the last bite to her. She shook her head. "I don't feel hungry." "You told me so, Wyn, but I beg you to eat it for the sake of sharing. I'll be leaving tomorrow morning." His face was grave now, and she felt her throat tighten. "Where to?" Had he not said the host clearing the West-Road would be under Elfhelm's command? "The Morannon." He looked at the now sunlit square of the window, avoiding her gaze. The surprise nearly left her speechless. "The Black Gate? Sure we don't have remotely enough men to think of successfully calling the Black Lord out." He gravely shook his head. "No, not successfully, but call him out we must nevertheless." With few words he explained Gandalf's and Aragorn's plan to her and she nodded. Doomed to death they may be, but not beaten yet. "Yes, they are right. It might be useless, but there is a chance it might work. And even if there weren't … What use is it to wait for the approach of the enemy that will kill you nevertheless? None, I say. So better to stand in the front line and fall, fighting valiantly, even if there will be no one left to sing your praise afterwards. I wish I could ride with you." A sudden movement of Éomer's hand stopped her, and shrugging, she gave him a wry smile. "No, Brother, I know quite well I can't. I would just be hampering you in the poor state I'm in. And yet it grieves me that I will be left behind once more, condemned to inaction and to wait for your return with a trembling heart." "Éowyn, whatever happens, by killing the Witchking, you have earned your place at the warriors' table, Shieldmaiden of the Riddermark." He stroked her hand, a sad smile on his face. She looked down at their hands, not willing to let him see the treacherous gleam of her unshed tears. Trying to compose herself, she let her fingers run over his chaffed knuckles. A warrior's fingers… Some of his cracked fingernails still sported trails of dirt, even after his visit to the baths, while the entire nail of his bruised thumb had turned into bluish-black. "Well, Brother, if against all odds we should return to Edoras one day, perhaps our people will grant me a warrior's remission, though there might be enough who will talk of desertion." Éomer shook his head. "They say that according to the prophesy, no living man could have killed the Witchking." Gently he stroked her cheek. "Sister, I know how much heartache you went through, and yet I believe the gods favoured you." She swallowed, willing her voice to sound confident. "It's over now, Éomer. Eorl's House has risen from the ashes. And even though we may well die, all of us, we will do so now with our heads held high." "We certainly will." Squeezing her hand, her brother bent towards her and kissed her cheek. Looking up, she met his gaze, grey-blue eyes, dark with worry and care. She closed her eyes as he rested his forehead against hers, his hoarse whisper piercing her heart. "Sister, please, fight to get well again. I beg you, don't give up. What will I be fighting for without you?" He stood and walked across the room, and then with a last nod to her he opened the door and slipped out. Sinking back onto the pillow, she stared at the ceiling with unseeing eyes. Éomer, warrior-king of the Mark would stand for the House of Eorl, brother in arms to the Lords of Gondor, a Leader of the Armies of the West, an equal at their side. But how ever emphatically she tried to convince herself, deep inside her heart, cowering behind the cold walls of pride and duty, there was the little girl, left behind by the last living member of her family. Annotations: Thanks for their support and advice go to the ladies of the Garden of Ithilien, to Ygrain33, who never failed to encourage me, and especially to Lady Bluejay who kindly helped me with the language. Her beta reading spared me a lot of embarrassment.