little bit better, especially since he'd been wrapped in dry, warm blankets. That didn't last once they were back on the surface, what with the downpour facing them, but by then Aragorn was blissfully unaware. The same couldn't be said of his friends. "Dolon, take two men and head back with Prince Legolas and Master Gimli to let the Queen know of the King's rescue and his condition. They can prepare his room to receive him," ordered Br ganu, wanting to breathe in relief, but realizing his work wasn't done yet. They still had to get the King safely back to the castle. But at least he'd been found. "Br ganu." The Captain walked beside the King's litter, quietly thinking and holding an oilcloth apron over the king's head and shoulder to keep the rain from soaking his face. "Your Majesty." "I owe you amends," came the slightly slurred statement. Br ganu had to fight a grin, but did so. How he remembered his father talking about these 'talks' he and the then Chieftain would have after one of Aragorn's more reckless 'ideas.' "We' will speak of this later, your Majesty, when you're more yourself." "You mean, when I can bear to hear how angry you are, right, Halb Br ganu?" The younger man's heart clenched, and he put a hand to the king's good shoulder. "Nay, my Lord. I merely want you to rest and regain your strength right now. You are wounded and in pain. I would not have you in more discomfort." "Yes, Br ganu." The King's hand clasped his Captain's and squeezed gently. Br ganu returned the pressure, offering a prayer of thanks to the Valar. Two days later, Br ganu and Aragorn had that talk. It was not pleasant. Br ganu offered his resignation as Captain of the Guard, arguing that obviously the King had not felt secure enough in his keeping to operate safely. Aragorn had offered sincere apologies, as well as irate silent curses to his late cousin for having raised another version of himself. The resignation was exactly something Halbarad would have tried. It ended with a repentant King promising to find a different method of relieving stress. Br ganu's smug satisfaction was permitted by His Majesty, but only just. His next 'little talk' came with his Lord Steward, the highlight of which involved Faramir demanding to know no uncertain terms if the Northern D nedain were more prone to early senility than other races. Finally, his wife gently informed that she would have kept his secret; but how much better it would have been to at least let someone know where they were headed. Of the three interviews, the King decided this was one the most painful, for Arwen offered no reproach, no scolding. Simply disappointment that she was not trusted. He shifted uncomfortably in pain, and she stilled him gently, apologizing for disturbing him, and left him to his 'rest'. After she left, he sighed. She had learned well from the master: her calm, sorrowful "talk" had been every bit as guilt-provoking and effective as any dished out by Master Elrond The evening of the third day after the rescue, Aragorn felt well enough to have some visitors, and Legolas made arrangements for everyone to have a light supper in the King and Queen's rooms. This way, Aragorn could rest in bed, allowing the bones to knit and heal, Legolas could rest in an easy chair with a pillow propped under his arm, and Gimli could rest comfortably as well. And yet all would be able to enjoy each other's company. The King felt well enough to sit up, resting against pillows, his arm and leg both propped up comfortably. He'd been told of the hard work of the Queen and the White Lady in creating a hall of healing here in the castle. Legolas had thanked them for their efforts, and then entered into drawing up plans with Gimli for creating formal Healing Halls on the castle grounds. "I am amazed by the mithril vein Legolas told us about," Faramir shared after the meal had been eaten and cleared. "A new vein of mithril should prove tremendously profitable in trading for Ithilien, do you not think, your Majesty?" "I do indeed, but I think one of the things a large percentage of any profits should be earmarked for are the new House of Healing and the training of the healers to work in them. What do you think, my Queen?" "That is a wonderful idea, Estel," nodded Arwen, offering him a drink of water. "Faramir and I talked about the possibility of my brothers perhaps helping to found a teaching hall for healers." Aragorn sipped the water, and thought. "Yes, I think both of them would enjoy that," he nodded, tiredly. Arwen saw her husband was reaching his limit with guests, and she was about to suggest that the others withdraw to the great room downstairs, but Eowyn spoke before she could do so. Eowyn put down her needlework for a moment. "Your Majesty, may I suggest something?' Aragorn leaned back against his pillows, weary and noticing the pain eased when he lay back and rested. "Of course, my lady," he said softly. "The next time you feel a need to break away from the stricture of Court, may I suggest a trip to the kitchen for a cooking lesson? Or perhaps to the weavers to learn to use a loom? The danger is lessened and it would be easier to keep track of you!" Horrified, Faramir stared at his wife in shock. "Eowyn!" he barked, in total mortification, though he wife showed total equanimity. Legolas found himself laughing uproariously, and Gimli was guffawing. Aragorn's eyes were wide with surprise, then blushed and looked little hapless. Even Arwen could not hold back her laughter. ~-ooOoo-~ The best laid schemes o' mice and men Gang aft a-gley; And leave us naught but grief and pain For promised joy. Robert Burns