stables together, and when Éomer took his leave to enter the palace and join Imrahil's family for breakfast, Éothain gave him a nudge: "Just to be sure... You won't tell me about the real hitch, will you?" Éomer looked up. "What are you yakking about?" Éothain shook his head. "Éomer, you may be able to sell some lie to those snotty courtiers, but you can't deceive a friend. That's just impossible." Wish you were right. Éomer looked into his friend's eyes: cerulean, open, honest , the worried look obvious now . "No," he said, "you're wrong. It may well be possible, but friends are simply not supposed to deceive you." He entered the parlour, thankful that the routine that had settled in during the past week enabled him to behave in a casual and unsuspicious manner. Prince Imrahil and his wife were already sitting at the large polished mahogany table accompanied by their eldest son Elphir and their daughter Lothíriel. Amrothos and Ercheirion were nowhere to be seen. Food was displayed as always on a sideboard, and after bidding the princely family a good morning, Éomer went to take some bread and cheese, his appetite being less than low. Imrahil gave him a queer look. "Amrothos and Erchirion went ahead to the harbour to ready the boats," the Prince explained, adding with a subtle grin: "How do you feel, Éomer? You look a bit tense." "Perhaps we all would, if it was to be our first day aboard a boat," Elphir, always the diplomat, interjected, though he couldn't keep himself from grinning and quipping with a slight undertone: "Though I don't know how deep you were in your cups yesterday." "Just stop it!" Éomer startled at the quite sharp tone of the remark. Lothíriel had risen from the table and now came over to where he still stood near the sideboard. "As far as I noticed, Lord Éomer drank near to nothing at the feast." Very well, Lady Disdain coming to his rescue. Éomer felt his jaws set. "My Lord," she addressed him, " I had cook prepare some ginger tea for you. It will hopefully prevent your stomach from unnecessary upheaval." Her voice was even, her face serious, rather showing concern if anything else. How could she dissemble like that? He felt like gagging. He put down the plate he was holding and said as calm as possible: "Well, perhaps I shouldn't eat anything then." "No," she stated emphatically, "That would just make things worse. It's an ordeal if your stomach is heaving and there is nothing in it you can throw up." "You'd better believe my daughter," Imrahil laughed. "I've seen more than one bold sailor hanging over the guardrail all green in the face. It's even advisable to keep eating in between the puking fits, as long as you manage to get the food faster down than it comes up again." "What a fitting topic of conversation for a royal breakfast table," his wife remarked drily, much to her husbands merriment. "Don't you worry, Éomer, " the Prince finally added in a more sober manner, "I don't even think there is any danger of you getting seasick. The wind is just fine and steady and the swell is not worth mentioning, so there is a solid chance you'll enjoy the day. Though I would advise you, to rather sail with Erchirion." "That's what I'll do as well," Elphir admitted laughingly. "Amrothos is sailing like a drunken Umbarian, much too risky for my taste. Let Lothíriel capsize together with him, to make them get what they both deserve!" His sister gave just the kind of snort Éomer had heard from his hiding place in the garden and busied herself, pouring some of the ginger tea and handing him the cup. Taking it reluctantly, he sat down besides her. How could they all manage to behave so totally cordial towards him? Had he not up to now taken pride in his ability to sense falsehood when it encountered him? Looking up, he found Lothíriel glaring at her grinning brother, their parents watching the two of them, smiling lightly. At last Imrahil shook his head. "Nay, Elphir, they won't do you the favour, though I dare say they tempt fate." Turning to Éomer he explained: "They are mad about sailing, but they know what they are doing. Nevertheless, as it is your first try at sailing, going with Erchirion's boat will probably be more convenient for you, as it is steadier." "As is the captain," Elphir added. How very nicely and thoughtful they worked together to get him on Erchirion's boat and out of his sister's way! Éomer felt the bite of white soft bread he had just taken like wool in his mouth. What a lying show they were putting up! "Try Erchirion on the tour towards Tol Cobas," Lothíriel said, giving her brother a dark look, "and if everything is alright with you, and you feel up to it, come with Amrothos and me on the way back, to get a taste of real sailing." Being at a loss of words, Éomer looked at the grinning faces across the table. What was it, he wasn't compassing? He wished he could jump up, upturn the table and just jell his frustration at them, when the calm voice of Imrahil's wife reached his ear. "Children, I do hope you'll enjoy the trip, but please, be careful and don't set aside reason. Remember you are having a dear guest and friend in your care and responsibility." Looking up he caught her eyes: a soft brown, like the fertile soil of the Emnet, and with a jolt of his heart he saw worry in them and sadness unconcealed. Annotations: Úrime: Quenja equivalent of August Before the toothbrush was introduced in Europe in the seventeenth century, people used different kind of pastes or powders, rubbing them on their teeth with rags or simply the fingers in order to clean off the dental plaque.