rebellious nor expendable to your lord, Vaunsin." "I am expendable enough," Vaunsin spoke as if discussing the state of a perfect stranger, "Someone of rank and authority has to lead this army and keep them together. I have always had poor health and do not expect to live to comfortable old age, and little talents besides, am I not the man for this task? I recommended myself for this, Marshal." "You should not speak of yourself thus, Vaunsin, and those soldiers are still your countrymen," Aragorn said in a weary voice, "How many did you lead across the Harnen?" "Surely you understand it matters little, these are not the forces His Majesty relies upon. But if you must know: ten thousand foot soldiers, and a hundred war elephants." "Then tell me something that matters," Aragorn was beginning to sound irritable, "You say the title of Grand Marshall has not been given to another, then who acts as commander-in-chief? Who commands the Northern Cavalry? Who holds the Western Navy?" Vaunsin straightened his back and replied stiffly, "You cannot expect me to just surrender such information to a soldier of Gondor. You are no longer my Grand Marshal, as you said." "I am the victor while you a prisoner of war," Aragorn's voice was cold like the biting frost, "Do I not have the right to demand some answers?" Vaunsin cowered, but though he was trembling like a leaf he was still adamant, "Demand, you can demand, but I choose whether to answer. You are the victor; I do not deny that. Give me a sword, and I will give you all that a victor deserves." Imrahil's hand was on the hilt of his sword, while Elphir already drew forth his blade, bristling like a young bear. Aragorn stilled the young man with a gentle touch on the sword arm, saying in a low voice, "Peace, Elphir, he does not mean what you imagine it to be. He is offering his own life rather than making a threat. " After Elphir calmed Aragorn withdrew his hand and ordered quietly, "'Tis enough for now. I grow weary of this conversation, and there is no more information to be had. Please send him back to the prisoners' camp." After Elphir's departure Aragorn fell utterly silent. He stood in front of his map, staring at it intently, or perhaps staring nothing at all, lost in the depth of strange memories privy to himself only. Imrahil had to cough twice to catch his attention. "I apologize, Imrahil," So spoke Aragorn, "I have done enough pondering over Harad for today. Is there anything I need to address at the camp? I have a few hours yet before I must check on the ring bearer." Imrahil spoke slowly, "If you have a few hours, sire, and if you are willing, I would hear more of your years in Harad. Their captain called you Grand Marshal. I have only heard tales and rumors, but enough to know that 'Grand Marshal' is a position of highest honor, second in power only to Harad's King and Prime Minister." Aragorn said, "Second to the Emperor only, for the Grand Marshal was also the Prime Minister, but those who knew him as a military man first would not call him anything other than Grand Marshal." After a brief pause, then yet another sigh, "If you would hear it, Imrahil, then I will give you the story as best as I may in a few hours' time. The matter weighs heavily on my heart, I can barely see the road ahead; your counsel would do me well now. Make yourself comfortable, this is not an easy tale to tell or to hear." There was no wine to be had, so Aragorn asked a squire to bring honeyed water usually reserved for the wounded and the sick, as well as a better breakfast than usual. He took a flask of that honeyed water for himself and offered Imrahil the same. These comforts did not make him seem any less miserable as he began his tale. "It began ten years ago, when my hunt for Gollum deep in the Mountains of Shadow turned ill. I was captured by a band of mountain orcs, and after some harrowing months I finally engineered my escape, only to become hopelessly lost in the desert south of Mordor. I would have surely died in the desert, if not for a band of Haradrim border patrols who found me and took me to the nearest town. I was in a terrible strait, beyond the art of most healers. Somehow, by fortune or fate, the town's magistrate who was also a skilled healer took pity on me; he took me under his own roof and went to his wits' end to save my life, and he did. You see, I do not jest when I say I owe the Haradrim people my very life." "Then Gondor too is much in her debt!" Imrahil exclaimed with amazement. Aragorn let loose a bitter laugh and said, "Perhaps. For the debt of a life Finrod Felagund fought the werewolves of Morgoth with his bare hands and teeth, and mine was a greater debt still, for I was a beggar rescued by an enemy, rather than a great lord saved by friends and allies. How does one ever repay such a debt? I did not wish to linger long in Harad, but there were things I could not control, and soon Harad became more than a debt. There is much to love in the great south, and much work for me to do. Sometimes I worked for Harad and her peace and prosperity alone, other times I worked to direct her ire away from Gondor and towards the true Enemy, sometimes I even secretly undermined her position in the north, but all the while I despaired of it all, dreading the day when it would all come to naught—a day that may still come to pass."