heard that you were coming to Imladris to seek counsel from the Lord Elrond," Aragorn told Boromir. Boromir sighed. "It matters not, anyway, that I do not wish for fire," he said. "Just a foolish nightmare I had..." Boromir's eyes were intense and troubled. Aragorn recognized that look. He had seen it too often as he stared in the looking-glass. The Ranger sat down in his chair. "The things that seem most foolish sometimes matter the very most," he said. "Go on, Boromir." "Well," Boromir said, "During my journey to this place, I had a nightmare. I have learned to pay heed to nightmares and dreams, as one brings me here. So I keep thinking of it..." He broke off and appeared to be thinking. Aragorn wondered what he meant about a dream bringing him to Rivendell. "In the dream, I saw a pyre. It was alight, and I saw my father's face. And Faramir's." Boromir gripped his hands together with white knuckles. "Pardon me," Aragorn interrupted, "but who is Faramir?" "My younger brother," Boromir said. Aragorn could not help but wonder what was so terrible about this dream. The Steward and his second son sitting beside a hearth-fire was nothing to fear. "What is so terrible about that?" Aragorn asked aloud. "Sitting by a fire is a simple pleasure of many." Boromir shook his head anxiously. "No, no! You do not know. My father the Steward, and Faramir- they were not by the fire, they were in it!" he cried. His voice rang on the stone walls. Aragorn did not know much of Boromir, but he could see that he was a Man quite concerned about the state of his family, and Gondor. He leaned back in the chair, a hand on his chin in the pose he usually adopted whilst thinking. "Quite a nightmare," he said quietly. "So, you see," Boromir said, "I did not mean to startle you. I was merely thinking of the dream." Aragorn nodded, and he stood. He strode over to Boromir, and, with a small smile, clapped him on the shoulder. The Steward's son looked a bit shocked, but returned the smile in a second. "If I may ask one more favor of you, Lord Aragorn..." he said in a bit of an ashamed tone, "...can we both agree that we shall not speak of this?" Aragorn saw Boromir's ears turn red. "Certainly," Aragorn said. He laughed, and it sounded a bit ashamed, too. "I believe both of us did not live up to our titles. We have gotten off on... the wrong foot, you may say." When he thought of someone worthy to bear the title, 'the Heir of Isildur', he thought of a proud Man with a haughty look about him and a gift for both sword-fighting and diplomacy. He most certainly did not think of a rumpled-looking Ranger wearing a dressing gown, rubbing the back of the Steward's son as he vomited. Boromir chuckled, a hearty, rich sound. "I agree. If I may suggest, perhaps we should act as if we have never before met." He looked at the newly-mopped floor and his ears turned redder. "That shall do," Aragorn said. "I believe I said I had one favor left to ask," Boromir said. "I was wrong. I have another... can you help me find my room?" He spread his hands, grinning. "As you can see, I am rather lost." No one present in the Council, save Elrond, even harbored the thought that Boromir of Gondor and Aragorn son of Arathorn had met. Aragorn remained silent most of the time, without, seemingly, a second glance at Boromir. Boromir interrupted frequently, speaking of Gondor, and the dream he had. Aragorn realized what he had meant that morning. When Elrond introduced the two, no one saw the smile in his eyes. The Half-elf knew, of course, of the two Men's meeting, having visited Aragorn's chambers in the night. Before the Council's start, Aragorn had taken him aside and asked him to act as if he did not know Boromir, for the sake of their dignity. Elrond had obliged. Aragorn realized he had told Boromir a lie, without even speaking. He saw the hurt in the Steward-son's eyes when Aragorn's real title was given. There was a bit of reproach, and a bit of astonishment mixed in. I should have inquired about his dream, Aragorn thought. Or at least I might have revealed my title to him. Now he is offended, shocked, and even more mortified than before. Boromir did not show these expressions, but when Aragorn saw him out of the corner of his eye, he saw that the Man's ears were red, and his brow furrowed. Still, no one knew that the two were introduced, though not formally. Boromir did his part with the acting. Of course, it did help that he had not known Aragorn's real title. Aragorn did his fair bit of acting, too, though the pang in his chest was very real as the Steward's son scowled at him with the expression of one who has hurt his pride. There was almost no sign that Aragorn and Boromir knew each other, unless one was to look at their faces closely for a long while. If one was to do so, they would see that the two had shared an experience together- one they both wanted to forget. Occasionally, Boromir would shift in his chair uncomfortably, and he would wind both arms over his stomach as if it ached. Sometimes, his hands would go to his temples, and he would rub them with a grimace. Aragorn would look at the Man with a half-smile on his mouth. Then he would think of the wrong he had done Boromir and he would avert his gaze. At the sight of Aragorn's half-smiles, Boromir would hope to the Valar that his long hair hid his ears: they turned a violent shade of red as he remembered the incidents of the previous night.