set out as soon as he comes." Jolly and Young Tom rose swiftly, moving with their father and Nick, who was a little less boisterous about the matter, to where they'd stored some hand crafted weapons. Nibs looked on with envy, his disappointment surmounting as the time drew near for them to set out. "You'll be comin', gaffer?" Sam asked his father. The old man nodded, "can't keep lettin' you outdo me as you have of late." He stood and adjusted his belt before declaring that he would step outside to keep watch for the Tooks. Lily Cotton inhaled deeply and moved to clear the table, busying her hands along with her focus on the task of chores. Rosie looked to her mother before her attention shifted, instead turning on Frodo. She regarded him wordlessly, watching as he conversed with Sam and his gaffer, while returning his foreign-looking scabbard to his waist. It wasn't until he looked up and noticed her scrutiny that she stood and approached him, expression serious. He seemed to be taking lead on all this, with the others reporting to him and seeking his direction. "Now listen here, Mr. Frodo," she began. "I know you meant what you were saying, about looking out for our losses, but I want your word that you'll be looking out for the lads. My mother couldn't handle losing a one of them, and neither could I. So, even if that means you'll have to be drawing that sword of yours, against that set mind of yours not to be killing, you'll protect them, won't you?" Frodo took a moment to silently observe the lass as she looked to him with a hand on her hip and an earnest gleam in her eyes. Her words were as stern and commanding as they were gentle and beseeching. "You can trust Mr. Frodo," Sam put in then. "He'll stand by his word." "And you do have my word," Frodo responded after him. "I will prioritize the safekeeping of all those fighting on our side before the sparing of any ruffian or opposing kinsman." He offered her as much a smile as he could summon. "Try not to trouble yourself too gravely, Rose. Sam and I will look after them." Even despite her earlier assurance to her mother, it was apparent to Frodo then that Rose Cotton was as equally worried over this fight, though determined to remain strong and resolved to disguise that fact. The hobbit lass searched his gaze, somewhat marveling at how solidified his resolution was, as if were almost fundamental to him. It made her feel at once small, so far beneath him in her doubt. His gaze itself too, where she had once detected a glint of the mischievous, had been replaced with only a prominent solemnity. The moment passed though, and her observation became trivial. She nodded, "I appreciate it." Frodo returned her nod before turning and making his way to where Merry stood by the door, leaving Sam with Rosie. "Nibs'll look after you and your mother," Sam said to the Cotton daughter, hardly even knowing what else to break the silence with. "Your sentiment's kind as ever," Rosie smiled prettily at him. "But we can hold our own well enough." He returned her smile shyly at that, the fiery lass leaving no room for argument. "When this is all said and done," she began telling him then, narrowing her eyes just slightly. "I'm expecting a more detailed accounting of just where you've been and what you've been doing all this time." Off with a Baggins on one of their cracked excursions didn't bode too well all on its own. However, she knew Sam to be a more practical sort of person, and determined not to make any prior judgment. His loyal service to Mr. Frodo was exceptional, but she hoped he hadn't been compelled on that disposition alone to disappear from the world the way he had. A ring of power had been mentioned, and her father had said early that morning that it all sounded a little like fantastical nonsense, same as with Mr. Bilbo and his dragon. It was admittedly fascinating nonsense if she was being completely honest with herself though. Sam nodded, "I'll be tellin' you everything you want to know." The smile returned to Rosie's face, as she found herself looking forward to the tales he would reveal. If he'd really received the recognition Mr. Frodo had said, then his deeds had been truly great. "We'll march on them full force," Merry was saying to Frodo at the door. "Take care of it as swiftly as we can in the centre at Bywater." "They're all ready and eager," Frodo said with a nod. "Our unity will be our greatest asset." They both looked then to the group rising up over the hill and approaching the house, a familiar face heading them. "Pip," Merry muttered before exchanging a smile with Frodo and then calling back over his shoulder. "Tooks are here! Time to move out!" Farmer Cotton and his sons were out the door without a second prompting, greeting the new arrivals gratefully. Sam followed after them, with a final, brief glance in Rosie's direction. Pippin made his way up the steps and to where Merry and Frodo stood, his eyes bright and excited. "Everybody ready?" Frodo found Pippin's cheerful disposition to be rather infectious, and he began to feel a certain positivity towards the coming endeavor. They would be victorious. They were all fighting for something worthwhile. Recalling his earlier promise to Rose Cotton, he determined that his primary role would be one focused on minimalizing casualties, to the best of his ability. "As ready as we'll ever be," Merry answered his friend. Lily approached her daughter and Nibs, as they all three stood and stared as the others exited the house and closed the door behind them. For now, all they could do was wait. Wait and hope for the best.