for his arrival. I had already almost given hope when that day came... there you were, rising from the deep, with seaweed in your hair! Éomer, I waited years and years for you. You do not know what a long, long time it was to be without you. So I kissed you, for I was so glad you had finally come." For the longest time, all he could do was just stare at her as he tried to process what she had just told him. When he did say anything, it was not really the most intelligent thing he could say to such a revelation. "You... dreamed of me?" he asked disbelievingly. Well, in his defence, it was not every day a man would learn their recently wedded wife had been waiting for him much longer than he had been aware of her existence. "Yes. It runs in our line, seeing things that have not yet happened. Faramir has it, and Boromir did too. My brothers – well, only Elphir is sharp-sighted enough he might glimpse something if he bothered to try. Erchirion and Amrothos are too focused on what is to consider what could be. And I... well, I have always lived in the hope of future", she said softly and there was a thoughtful little crease between her eyebrows. She met his eyes again and smiled once more. "That's the reason I used to treat men so coldly, including you. I didn't want them to try to pursue me when I was waiting for the man with seaweed in his hair." "Well", Éomer said at last, still attempting to wrap his mind around what she had just told him. She had waited for him all these years. With a small smile, he said, "I hope I have met your expectations, my lady." Her smile was bright as the Moon. "Oh, you are splendid. I am a lucky woman, dear. But I must admit you did surprise me. All those years I spent looking at lords in my father's court, wondering which one of them it would be. And then it's none else than the King of Rohan himself rising from the waves! I thought I was dreaming again. But then I kissed you and you were so warm, and I knew my waiting was over", she said and let out a small laugh, happy and light and sweet. He couldn't help but smile at the memory. How had rushed into the sea, thinking she was trying to take her life... only to seal something which had been promised years ago. Éomer was not a particular believer in fate, but this was one thing he could not account for chance. "Can you keep a secret?" she asked him, mischief sparkling in her eyes. "Of course I can", he answered, brushing his fingers across her cheek. "I very nearly tried to seduce you on that beach. Is that very outrageous of me? It's just I already considered you my husband. And husbands and wives don't hold back from each other, do they?" she murmured in a low, deep voice which had a thrilled shiver running down his spine. Oh, Béma! She was a wonder. "I don't think so", he agreed. "You will never have to hold back with me, love." Fate indeed. How else would this woman fill him with so much love? Suddenly it occurred to Éomer that her dream might go the other way, too. With a smile, he caught her chin between his fingers, tipping her face upwards gently. "I don't think you realise all that your dream promised", he said to her softly, making her frown. "What do you mean?" she asked him, searching his face in doubt. "You said I was the catalyst to change your life. But don't you see, Lothíriel? You changed mine, too", Éomer whispered, and just before he kissed her, he saw the incredulous smile on her face. Her mouth met his eagerly, though not with the passion they would save for their private chambers, and her lips were as sweet as the mead she had drank at the banquet. There was a certain sort of intoxication in kissing her, and each time he did, he was close to forgetting himself; moments like that she was as though an enchantress from deep halls of Ulmo. And she was his wife. "Did it change for the better?" she whispered hoarsely when they pulled back to get some air. "So much better", Éomer responded, hungering for her. Momentarily he considered taking her to the royal chambers right now – who could stop or blame them, anyway – but this was the last night her family would be in Edoras. Perhaps they should return to the banquet for an hour or so. "Still", he said then, smoothing down the wrinkles of her gown which were mostly his doing, "I must ask you not to tell anybody you married me because I look fetching with seaweed in my hair. Especially not Éothain." "I told you it's supposed to be a good sign", Lothíriel reminded him, her eyes twinkling with amusement once more, and her clever fingers arranged the collar of his tunic straight again. She winked and gave him a quick kiss, "And so far, I think the old superstition could just be right." "Aye. I rather think you southerners got that one right", Éomer quipped, offering his hand to his queen. Her laughter, clear as bells in the wind, was the sweetest sound he had ever heard. Following laughter and music which reached them from the hall, the royal couple of the Mark returned into the golden light of Meduseld, bantering lightly as they went. Though in the years to come many songs would be sung of Éomer Éadig and Lothíriel Queen and of their long and blessed rule, not a single one of their friends ever guessed just why she could always make him laugh with the mere mention of seaweed. The End.