he had been friendly and even gentle. Anyway, Lothíriel didn't know if wild and wilful were bad things per say. "I've heard that some Rohirric women even participate in battles sometimes. Shieldmaidens, they call them. It sounds quite fantastic, but who am I to deny it? But be it as may, Rohirrim are our friends and we should respect them, even if their ways don't always make sense to us", Father continued then. Lothíriel smiled. "Perhaps I should become a Shieldmaiden too. Escape north and find myself some tall blond rider", she said lightly, but to herself the joke instantly lost its edge: she recalled dark eyes watching her and the thick golden hair... how might that hair feel like, if one touched it? Father laughed, but when he spoke he did seem serious. "Daughter, a man of Rohan would be the last one I'd want to give your hand in marriage", he told her. "Why so?" Lothíriel asked carefully. She she kept her voice steady and her face blank, and Father noticed nothing. But inside there was an ache in her heart. "I wouldn't want you to go so far away from us. And I do not feel I know enough of their life and ways to send my daughter to such an uncertain and strange life. Would they even know how to treat you, who are a Princess of highest birth in the realm? Or more importantly, would he know how to treat you?" Imrahil said and she could tell he was perfectly serious. I think he would. The way he watched me... But the truth was more cruel than that: he's but a stranger. "Really, if a man of Rohan wanted to wed my daughter, he would have to be nothing less than the King himself", Father concluded his line of thought. Lothíriel cast down her eyes and considered the dish before her. Delicious as it was, like one could expect of the kitchens of Prince of Dol Amroth, she found she had no appetite. Why did it feel like she had just lost something invaluable? "Daughter? Is something wrong?" asked her father worriedly, having seen the shift on her face. But Lothíriel had mastered masks and hiding her thoughts long ago, and she smiled up at him. "I'm fine. I was just thinking", she said and forced down another spoonful of food that tasted like ash in her mouth. Something was clearly wrong with her... for all that she knew of the world had until this day made her believe that there was no such thing as love at first sight. Rohirrim always sang. They sang at life and they sang at death. In celebration they lifted their voices together, and in the every day routine they hummed the tunes and recited verses. They sang when they left for war or came home or went through simple household chores. It was said that an ordinary man of the Mark had a voice of an Elven minstrel , and even the farmer in the smallest household would remember countless songs about the heroes and heroines if old; their songs had laughter and love and tears and grief and hope. Indeed, it was in their music and in their songs the past of Eorlingas was recorded rather than in any book. That was, Éomer mused, the difference between his people and the Gondorians. Songs were the spirit of the Mark, and whenever his éored left Aldburg it would be singing songs. But now as the men of Gondor and the riders lead by him left Minas Tirith there was no song in the air. Instead something of a hush had fallen and the faces of men were grave and reserved. Here singing voices were not welcomed. His men had sensed this too, and quietly they rode after him when the war party started for the road on a dying day of April. It was peculiar, considering what a noisy lot these men usually were. In silence they made their way from the Citadel, down towards the first level of the city. Lord Boromir travelled in the front of the party, and he had called Éomer to join him as well. However, he had declined the invitation and chosen to stay with his own men at the rear. Lord Faramir would join them on the other side of the river, as he would be leading his Rangers. Perhaps some other man might have felt his honour diminished for riding behind, but Éomer did not feel so. He was, after all, a stranger in a strange land, and his business here was to kill orcs, not to demand himself glory. But as they passed downwards through the city he saw her , standing by the side of the road where people were gathered to watch them go. She was pale and her eyes were sad, more so than last night, and had the situation been any other he'd have stopped to ask if she was well... but it would have to wait for when he returned. Éomer tipped his head towards her as a greeting and gave her a smile, hoping for a similar expression from her... yet instead he saw there something anguished. But then Firefoot was there at her side, and she reached up her hand towards him. He answered that gesture almost as though out of instinct, and briefly her fingers curled about his... but it was a fleeting touch, and her hand passed from his before he was ready to let go. - but then, he didn't know if he ever would have been ready - And she fell behind, for Firefoot pushed forward ignorant of his master's desires... one more glance he spared her, and her clear grey eyes remained fixed on him. Tearing away his gaze took some effort, but Éomer looked ahead and promised to himself he'd see this sad-eyed young woman again. A/N: Inspiration for the chapter: Natasha Bedingfield – Wild Horses