not shared with a single soul except with his long lost twin who had also shared the same burden. "What book is this?" She asked curiously. "I have never seen this collection before." She mused distractedly. "That is not surprising. This was written a long time ago, even by Elven standards." "What a curious thing this is. Ah, and look there are even notes of music here." She looked up in delight, and he could only but nod his head, the sudden vice like grip of his heart tightened with force. The sudden feeling of invasion gripped him with a viselike grip. She was too close, too close to this one weakness, this one secret of his. He easily felt the cool clutches of his old familiar resolve emerge. The familiar old voice whispered that it was better like this. Age old instincts forcing him to close off his heart and mind to those who stepped too close for comfort. It quickly shattered when she looked up, those incredibly insightful eyes staring into his being, and with a slight incline of her head asked him an impossible request. "Can I borrow it?" The hummingbird quieted, his heart still in his chest, breath caught deep in his throat. He knew that he was being irrational, but as his heart answered 'no' he heard, as if in a dream the affirmative reply to her request. "If you so wish, but do be careful for it means much to me. Tattered and old as it is." He said quietly. "I shall be very careful. I promise." Her smile lit the whole room, and she clutched the book closely. "Do not." He paused, realizing the absurdity of his request, yet feeling the need to fulfill it. "Please keep it to yourself. Do not show it to anyone." She glanced at the book curiously then back at him searchingly, doubt creeping in her eyes, then she inclined her head graciously. "As you wish." "Thank you." He murmured and turned from her, unease settling into his heart. Silence fell between them. "I shall take my leave, my lord. I understand that you have much on your hands." "Yes, yes indeed." He glanced at her and watched her toy with the cuff of her sleeve, her gaze turned away from him. "I thank you for the book." Blue eyes peeked from under long lashes. "You are most welcome. I hope it will help you find sleep. These poems have been great comfort to me through the years." He trailed off, lost in memory. "I am sure it shall." He escorted her to the door and she opened the latch carefully, then turned to him. "Good night my lord, sleep well." She stepped into the empty corridor. "Good night." He breathed and watched as she closed the door. He detected the gleam in her eyes and a slight smile upon her lips as she stole a one last look through the small crease between the doorpost and the heavy door as she shut it softly. He leaned against the bookshelf and ran a hand across his forehead, and closed his eyes. Her presence lingered in the room, her smell wafting around him enticingly, and in a moment of weakness he imagined the feel of her skin under his own, and the feeling of her lips against his. Grey eyes flashed open; their depths storming like clouds in a thundering storm. Get a hold of yourself, Elrond. He reprimanded himself harshly and neared his desk, settling into the chair behind the massive desk. It was no good thinking thusly, he thought as he dragged the gathering scrolls towards him, leaning both elbows on the table, hands tucked firmly under his chin as he read. Soon he was deeply focused on the letter before him; that was until he thought he saw a flash of silver in the periphery of his vision, and he thought he saw her running before him on a golden field, her smile lighting her features, and his soul brightened for it was meant only for him, and his heart soared with an unfamiliar feeling. Then the vision cleared and he was alone in his study, the wafting smell of roses lingering in the room. Whether it was a fancy of his imagination or some future vision he was not sure. He stared at the darkness outside his window and decided that he was merely tired. A good nights sleep would do him good, he thought as he blew out the candle on his desk and gathered the array sheets of paper before he headed to his own chambers, the breeze fluttering behind him as he closed the door. Unbeknownst to him his fate had been sealed, and from that moment onwards he had fallen utterly and completely in love, though it would take him many years to admit it to himself and many more until he would confess it. Extra notes: *This is based on the quote that has been used countless of times: "(…) and it was then that Elrond first saw Celebrían, and loved her, though he said nothing of it." ( Unfinished Tales, p. 251). *I date this on the year 1700 of the second age, though the exact date is not clear in the Unfinished Tales and the timeline indicates that it could be either in the year 1700 or 1701 as seen in the appendices. I picked the year 1700 for various reasons that have a lot to do with another story I am currently writing that happens during the events that occur during the war in Eriador. *Amdír is the king of Lórinand, later called Lothlórien where Celeborn and Galadriel later ruled as lord and lady. *The book of poems Celebrían lent from Elrond might sneak back at some point. For those who are curious, there are subtle hints on who wrote it, which also explains the strong reaction from Elrond. But that is a story for another day.