since you allowed your mind and your sight to drift along the Straight Path." "Too long," Gandalf admitted. "My attention has been needed in the East, not the West, and I found my place in the struggle to rally Sauron's enemies against him." "A place is not a home." "No." "Then find home now. I believe that is the answer for which we are searching." Gandalf stared at Radagast. "It cannot be that simple." The response was a bitter smile. "Did not Saruman name me Radagast the Simple? But as you have named me, I am a master of shape and hue. These things are simple. In this, Saruman was truthful, though I doubt he knew it. And that, at least, you may trust." It still seemed too easy. Gandalf cringed to think the word, but it seemed too simple . Yet Radagast was in earnest. And something about the thought of home—of the West—tugged at Gandalf. Perhaps it was his hobbit form. Perhaps it was the long years he had been away. Perhaps it was the wound in his heart, still festering from Saruman's betrayal. But whatever it was, Gandalf decided to try Radagast's plan immediately. He probably should have informed the others, but this touched upon things too personal to reveal. And should he fail, he did not want to raise their hopes. Taking a deep breath, Gandalf closed his eyes. It was time to not only look like a hobbit. It was time to think like one. To find his hope and his strength the same way that Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin did. Thus he cast his thoughts away from Imladris, beyond the trees and the water and the protective cliffs. He sent his mind soaring over Eriador, passing above the Great Road and the villages and the Shire. Calling upon the fires of Narya, he followed Arien's flaming path as it soared into the uttermost West. And in return, music answered him. It rang out through pillared halls, clear and bright. Calling. Waiting. Warming. Welcoming. For the first time in millennia, the wandering pilgrim dreamed himself home. And as he did so, he felt a shift … -0-0-0-0-0- Given the fuss that the change of forms had created, the restoration of forms proved oddly anticlimactic. The most dramatic happening was the initial surprise as Pippin found himself suddenly dwarfed by Gandalf's robes and Gandalf felt himself explode out of hobbit clothes. A quick change of apparel ensured there would be no need for creative explanations should anyone enter the Hall of Fire. "That was good thinking, bringing the plate," Pippin said through a mouthful of strawberry tart. "I think it was meant to have another purpose," Frodo said. "But maybe it wasn't needed after all. "Wasn't needed?" Pippin exclaimed. "It doesn't feel as if Gandalf ate anything when he was in the kitchens!" "Not as much as you usually eat. And don't talk with your mouth full," Merry admonished. "Is there a danger of this happening again?" Aragorn asked. "No," Gandalf said, feeling more certain of himself than he had since Orthanc. Hope had settled in his heart, and he felt the confidence of those who had sent him so many years ago. "There is not." "Then I believe it is time for the strong Dorwinion," Elrond declared. "Erestor?" Erestor started moving toward the door. "Over drinks, perhaps Mithrandir and Radagast might share with us what solution they devised." Gandalf and Radagast traded looks. "Perhaps," Gandalf said with no intention of fulfilling Erestor's request. "I must beg off, for I feel the need to find a place of peace after all this," Radagast said. He winked at Gandalf, smiled at the hobbits, and took his leave. Erestor followed. "More for the rest of us," Galdor said. "Shall we?" But they had not even reached the doorway before Lindir appeared, calling for Mithrandir. "Radagast and Erestor said you had concluded your business here," he explained. "If that is the case, then I wonder if Mithrandir and I might continue our conversation. I wish to know the origin of the claim that hobbits served as advisors to Elendil." Gandalf blinked. Elrond stared. After a moment of stunned silence, there was a suspicious coughing fit behind Galdor after which Aragorn hastily excused himself and hastened out the door. From the corner of his eye, Gandalf noted that Merry and Pippin seemed to be edging after him. "Advisors to Elendil?" Elrond echoed slowly. "Whence came this idea?" "That was my question," Lindir said. "Mithrandir was most insistent—" "When did you hold this discussion?" Galdor interrupted. "Just before your meeting here in the Hall." Gandalf arched one bristling eyebrow and slowly turned toward Pippin. The hobbit swallowed and shrugged his shoulders as if to feign innocence, but Gandalf was having none of it. Face darkening, brow furrowing, and eyes narrowing, he directed his most baleful glare at the erring Took. "Mr. Frodo, didn't you say that—" "Yes, Sam, it's just about time for—" "I've got some of Uncle Merimac's cream if you want to—" All four hobbits followed Aragorn's example, slipping neatly behind Lindir and disappearing out the door. But not before Pippin startled everyone by responding to bristling wizard eyebrows with a mischievous grin. Despite himself, Gandalf felt his own lips twitch in response. He carefully composed his face and turned to Lindir, stroking his beard thoughtfully. "You do not think Elendil could have used a few hobbit advisors?" he asked, relishing the feel of facial hair. "Do you?" Lindir challenged. Gandalf took out his pipe and tapped a few crushed leaves into it. Ignoring a chorus of protests as well as Elrond's stern declaration that all smoking was to be done outside , he lit the leaves and took a few contented puffs. "I will not venture a guess as to how hobbits may have helped Elendil, but I will say this: There is much to be gained by walking a mile in a hobbit's shape and hue."