little gasps as Merry sheathed himself fully inside him. He felt a flash of pain and he felt as if he were being ripped open. He bit his lower lip to contain the cry that threatened to escape. Merry heard him whimper and he calmed him with gentle kisses. "It hurts." Pippin gasped. "Do you want me to stop?" Merry asked, concerned. "N-no." Pippin said, feeling his insides slowly start to relax. They stayed like this for a few more seconds before Merry felt like Pippin was ready. Merry pulled back and pushed back in, both of them overwhelmed by the strong jolt of pleasure that shot through them. Merry took up a gentle pace as he thrusted lightly into Pippin. Pippin gasped as Merry thrust his pounding shaft inside him. Intense sensations pulse throught them both, making them want more. Pippin wrapped his legs around Merry's waist, allowing Merry to push deeper. Pippin let out a gasp as Merry thrust deeper inside him and his thrusts became faster and more passionate. Merry moaned desperately and he just had to feel Pippin's skin against his lips. He trailed hot kisses down Pippin's neck, gently sucking on the hot skin. Pippin arched weakly against Merry, his body begging for more. "Oh, Mer....oh, please, harder.....harder.....faster." Pippin pleaded. Merry gladly responded and picked up the pace. The only sounds that filled the room were Merry and Pippin's moans of desperation and their ragged breathing. This was the first time either of them had made love and it was far beyond anything they had ever imagined it would be. Pippin cried out softly and threw his head back as his sweet spot was hit. From that moment on, with every thrust, Merry hit Pippin's sweet spot and he felt a ball of fire building in the pit of his stomach, longing to burst forth into a full-blown flame. Merry was so close to completion, he could almost taste it. He knew Pippin was, too, and he was determined to make this as amazing as possible for the both of them. Tears of ecstacy slid down Pippin's cheeks as he felt the pleasure growing and growing. "M-Merry....I can't hold it anymore.....I'm-I'm going t-to come....." Pippin cried, his muscles clenching around Merry. Merry suddenly froze as he was seized by the heat and the most amazing feeling washed over them both. Pippin clenched his muscles so tightly around Merry that he thought he would faint from the pleasure. He bit down on his bottom lip, trying to stiffle the scream that threatened to burst forth. He bit down hard enough on his lip to draw blood, the faint coppery taste seeping into his mouth. Merry buried his face in Pippin's shoulder to muffle his screams as his powerful thrusts were slowed to pitiful pumping motions. He was seized by the heat so hard that he could barely move. He gave one more powerful thrust and he and Pippin came simultaneously. Pippin let out a loud moan as he felt Merry's white hot seed burst forth and fill his insides. Both of them felt a wetness between them as Pippin, too, released, spilling his own seed on his stomach. Merry collapsed on top of Pippin, his muscles feeling like jelly. Both of them gasped wildly to catch a breath and the intense feelings slowly ebbed away. Pippin's arms, which had been wrapped tightly around Merry, fell limply to the sides as did his legs. Once Merry gained an ounce of strength, he leaned up slightly, pulling out of Pippin. Pippin peeped his eyes open and looked at Merry, still gasping softly. "Oh, Pip...." Merry moaned, stroking a sweaty curl from Pippin's face, ".....I love you." Pippin brought his hands to the back of Merry's head and gently forced his face down to meet his, kissing him lightly. Merry drew away and rolled off Pippin, allowing him to sit up. Pippin cleaned himself up a bit before he crawled back into Merry's bed, snuggling under the covers with him. Merry held Pippin's body close to his, gently wrapping his arms around him. Pippin did the same and their legs intertwined in a jumbled mess under the covers. Merry gently stroked Pippin's damp curls and rested his chin atop Pippin's head. Pippin lay his head on Merry's shoulder and closed his eyes softly. They just stayed that way for the longest time, just holding each other and listening to the soft crackling of the fire. This was absolute bliss for them. "Pippin," Merry said, breaking the silence, "Can I ask you something?" "Of course." Pippin answered, raising up on one elbow. "You love me, right?" Merry asked. "Yes." Pippin said. "You want us to be together?" Merry asked. "Of course I do." Pippin said. "Will you run away with me?" Merry asked. "What do you mean?" Pippin asked, confused. "If we stay here, we can never be together." Merry said, "I love you, Pip, and I don't ever want to be apart from you again." "But, Merry, where will we go?" Pippin asked. "We'll go to Gondor. To Minas Tirith." Merry answered, "Almost all of our friends are there." "Merry, do you hear yourself?" Pippin asked, daring not to dream. "Pip, in Gondor, we could be together. Our kind of relationship is accepted there." Merry said. "Mer, I don't know...." Pippin said, reluctant. "Please, Pip, promise me you'll think about it." Merry begged. "All right. I'll think about it." Pippin said, "I'll give you an answer soon." "Thank you." Merry said, lightly kissing Pippin's lips. A/N: Well, there it is. You better like it, too! I spent hours writing this. My hands are killing me from typing so much. I have NEVER written a single chapter this long before. I owe credit to the description of the kiss to Christina Teresa and her story 'The Hobbit of My Affections'. The lines describing the kiss are hers; I just borrowed them because they are so beautiful and passionate. PLEASE R&R!!!!!!!!!