heard, and huge bullet went through window, destroying it and making the shards fly towards the two. Remus turned quickly around, and grabbed Khárad's hand. That moment he will remember forever. Like terrible pain caused by shards of glass wasn't enough... Remus jumped off from the rooftop. And Darok fell with him. He screamed like he never did before, and closed his eyes. More bullets flew through the window, and terrifying shriek of failure was heard in the night. But the two landed softly, and before even having a break to breath, sprinted Remus away, holding Darok's hand. When he finally could open his eyes, he realised, that Remus' jacket was red from his own blood, and he still kept running. » Just... Leave me here, escape alone! I'm useless for you! » Man in black yelled, as Remus gained more speed. » I will NOT leave you behind, my friend. We are close to the shore. There should be that rock we need... » Remus screamed back, and as they approached coast he threw Darok to the ground, behind a huge stone. He took off his jacket, and threw it on him, taking his walking stick. He pulled out two, huge daggers from each end of the stick, and handed them both. » You lay here, as I take care of her. Understood, bub? » He muttered through his theeth, and ran away from Khárad. From far Darok could hear Hetir laughing madly, and shotgun sounds. Remus sneaked far behind Hetir, that looked for his figure on mist with her deeply black eyes. They glittered on moonlight like they were made of black stone or glass. Slowly Remus raised his daggers, and suddenly stabbed them on Hetir's back. Woman screamed terrifyingly loud, and fell on her knees, as her gun dropped. She coughed. Remus pulled out the daggers, mind full of disgust and anger towards that fallen elf. » Evil is moving. He... He will control you soon... Stupid... Half... Halfblood... » Hetir hissed through her teeth, coughing loudly and finally falling down. Remus took a deep breath, and looked away from the body. » I'm sorry I had to spill the blood of an elf... But you were nothing but a filth. » And so he walked away, never looking back. » Hurry up... Your cops will hear about this soon... » Remus stated, and picked up his jacket. Darok stood up, and found out that he was shaking so badly he could barely walk. It didn't take too long from these two to find the little boat Remus had hidden under the cliff in the beach. They hopped on the boat, and let it take them where ever it wanted to. Darok gave a dirty look to Remus, and begun to talk with lowered voice. » Well... I guess this boat ride is going to take a while... Why wouldn't you bother telling me about this "He" and this whole situation? » Darok asked, and leaned back, trying to find less painful position. Shards of glass were hurting his body, and blood was still pouring out of him. » Very well then... I shall begun with little background. "He" is Mowrok. The most powerful elfwitch walking this earth. He uses souls of mankind as his food. He eats them... Their souls feed his magic, and make it grow stronger and darker. He has no straight path, but he will eat until the age of men is over. And then he will take his "nap". He will fall asleep, and fill this earth from inside to the very beginning of the sky. He is everything. » Remus sighed, and leaned back. » But... Where is he heading with all that? Isn't that just pure madness! Doesn't he die with mankind? » Khárad asked, and frowned. » No. » Answered Remus. » As I told you, he has no other purpose than his own powers... That makes it even more disgusting. He could kill all of the population in this planet, just to grow his magic. Mowrok uses his little spell to make people forget his victims... but sometimes he fails. He is already strong. All this mist is his breath; forests are his flesh, black water is his blood, and rocks are his eyes. » Remus said, and raised his eyes, trying to get contact to Darok's eyes. » Terrible... But... Was Greta's kidnapper Mow... Er... Him? » Khárad asked quietly, trying to sit down without terrible pain. » Yes it was. He had body back then. But my people in Lair destroyed it in his sleep. But it is just opposite we wished for. He grew stronger. His sprit flows now everywhere. He has no body, but his power is overflowing. » Remus told, and slowly blinked both of his eyes. He refused to tell anything more. The boat was slowly moving forward on the waves. For a while they were in silence. Khárad was feeling fine, but Remus seemed littlebit sick. » You okay? » Darok asked carefully, and frowned a bit. » My eyes are getting darker, as pain grows thinner... I've lost some blood. We are soon on our... Destination... Just give me the bottle from the basket... » He was getting so pale, he almost seemed dead. Darok quickly looked to the basket, and pulled out a little bottle of sparkling, golden drink. He streched his arm to give it to Remus. Remus took the bottle, opened it and drank about half of it. He already seemed fine, and smiled a little. » I can't tell you anything more. You will learn everything you have to in Gateaway. But first we head to the lair. » He pointed to the shore that was seen somewhere in the mist. Little lights were glowing there, and they saw a brownhaired and -eyed girl looking at them, as they approached the shore. Her name was Vallaré, and she hugged Remus tightly, as she got to him.