see hope when I do not know what despair you face?" The ranger made a face. "So now you truly know my despair?" he asked, his tone somewhat mocking. "You fully understand what I go through, my pain and fear?" Legolas stood, holding out a hand to help his friend to his feet. "I know I cannot understand everything, Aragorn, but what hope I can offer is yours." "What hope is there for the King of Gondor, then, Legolas?" Aragorn asked quietly. For a moment, the elf didn't reply, merely studying Aragorn intently. "I do not know," he admitted softly, then his voice grew stronger as he continued. "I do not know what lies ahead for the King of Gondor, but know this, Aragorn; I will stand by you until the end." Slowly a smile spread across Aragorn's face. "Aye, my friend," he said, clasping Legolas' shoulder. "Until the end." For a moment they stood in companionable silence, the man finally finding some rest from the griefs that plagued him, the elf content to offer his quiet support to his friend. Then, suddenly, the elf pressed one finger to his lip in a gesture of silence and pulled Aragorn down until they were crouched behind the rock they had been standing beside. "Aragorn? Elf? Where are ye?" The ranger and Legolas fought to hide nearly identical snorts of laughter as Gimli's somewhat-hushed whisper interrupted the stillness of the night. "Blasted elf. Should know better than to sneak off like this." And as Aragorn hid from the dwarf, he realized Legolas' words were true. There would always be hope as long as he had friends like these. He glanced at Legolas, whose eyes glinted mischievously as Gimli approached their hiding place. What hope indeed. Perhaps there was even enough hope for the future King of Gondor. Epilogue: Helm's Deep, the night before the battle Legolas stood in a darkened corner just outside the main hall, his heart torn in anger, frustration, and sorrow. Fear filled the air like a vapor, nearly suffocating him as he stood unnoticed amid the torrent of men and boys preparing themselves for their deaths. From his hiding place he watched Aragorn, who sat nearby at the top of the steps leading into the main hall. Merely days before the Man had been close to the same despair Legolas was feeling. What had changed? What made him suddenly so sure that they could stand against the tides of darkness? "Give me your sword." Legolas started. He'd been deep in contemplation and had not noticed Aragorn's focus on the young boy standing nearby. The boy whose eyes were filled with the same fear all of the men were trying to deny—even Aragorn. "What is your name?" Aragorn asked as the boy handed him the blade. "Haleth, son of Háma, my lord." The elf shook his head. Háma had fallen in the battle with the Wargs and now his son—likely his only son—was forced to stand in the defense of Helm's Deep against impossible odds. "The men are saying we will not live out the night. They say that it is hopeless." Legolas couldn't help but agree with that statement. Surely Aragorn could see it, surely he knew they would not survive. The ranger held the boy's sword out, eyeing the blade, then swung it a few times in a double arc. "This is a good sword," he said, handing the blade back to the boy and ignoring his comment, "Haleth, son of Háma." What good is a good sword? Legolas wanted to grab Aragorn by the shoulders and shake him until he told the boy the truth: they would not survive this night. Helm's Deep would fall, and with it the rightful King of Gondor. Aragorn leaned closer to Haleth and placed a hand on his shoulder. "There is always hope," he said, giving the boy's shoulder a firm squeeze. Legolas stared as his friend turned to walk back into the hall. The words stuck in his mind. It was the same phrase he had repeated to Aragorn just days before, the one that Aragorn had said himself as a ranger when things looked hopeless. Legolas' gaze darted back to the boy, wondering at how the boy's demeanor changed with the tiniest glimmer of hope. Following his friend down to the armory, Legolas stopped to watch as Aragorn slipped into a chainmail shirt and began preparing for battle. Legolas looked for an opportunity to speak with his friend and hesitantly stepped forward, picking up the ranger's sword and handing it to him. Aragorn paused, turning to look at the elf. Legolas swallowed, fearing the sudden tension that had come between them. "We have trusted you this far and you have not led us astray," he finally said, his eyes begging for the ranger's understanding. "Forgive me, I was wrong to despair." The ranger's eyes widened slightly and the ghost of a smile flickered across his face. "There is nothing to forgive, Legolas," he replied in Sindarin, clasping the elf's shoulder. Legolas returned the grip with a slight grin, the tension bleeding away at his friend's words. "We had time I'd get this adjusted." Both elf and man turned to see their dwarven companion, Gimli, fiddling with a shirt of chainmail. He let go of the bunched-up chains and the bottom of the shirt fell all the way to the floor. "It's a little tight across the chest," he explained. Legolas felt a genuine smile spread across his face. He opened his mouth to comment on Gimli's rather humorous appearance, but his words went unsaid when the call of a horn reached his ears. He whirled about to face the stairs, the unexpected musical tone of the horn's cry sending a sudden surge of astonishment through his mind. "That is no orc horn," he muttered and sprinted out of the armory, Aragorn close on his heels. Perhaps there was still hope, even for an elf who'd begun to despair.