his hand onto her mouth muffling a scream of agony. Grima ached for her as Eowyn's form trembled, but they had to make haste. This was not how he wanted their first time to be, but with the presence of the Grey Pilgrim and his three lackeys, there could only mean war and doom ahead of them. This meant a chance like this highly unlikely to arise in the future. "I'm sorry, my love," Grima whispered hoarsely. Eowyn's eyes were full of pain and tears trickled down her cheeks, but Grima could tell that she was not angry at him. She knew that this would come but in future times it would feel so much better. And so he thrust swiftly into her, feeling guilty for the immense pleasure he felt as her warm tight walls closed in around his stiff member. He grunted and sweated like a mad thing while pounding into her so quickly so that when his time came to burst, he regretted doing it so hastily. Not wanting to impregnate the king's niece while they were unmarried and causing a scandal, Grima hastily, and regretfully, pulled himself out of Eowyn and forced himself to turn aside as he released himself, feeling as if he was in paradise and back. He blushed furiously and cursed himself bitterly for making such a mess, surely they would be discovered. But he felt soft hands on his shoulders, weakly caressing the nape of his neck and running through his rather sweaty hair. Grima could only sigh happily and reach up to clasp the hand to his shoulder, to reassure himself that this was not a dream but reality, however an uncertain one. Turning around slowly, he craned his neck to see Eowyn smiling down at him, her cheeks a pretty pink and her moistened eyes alight with happiness and joy. And for once in his life, Grima found the ghost of a smile upon his lips as he returned Eowyn's feelings to her. - PAGE BREAK - Author's Note: Here's a short Epilogue in case I decide to write more of this fanfic. - PAGE BREAK - By the time Grima and Eowyn had cleaned up, it was too late. They both looked decent enough and Eowyn hastened elsewhere so as not to stir up gossip and rumours. Grima departed to the court and at once realized how petty and foolish all of his schemes where now that he finally had his true love. He had only tried to take control of the kingdom to prove that he was worthy of Eowyn's affections since she had previously spurned him as being "unworthy." But now, he realized that merely a fluke of fate had brought her into his arms and next time he might not be so lucky, unless what Eowyn felt for him was more. So lost in his thought was he, that Grima failed to realize he was not alone in the court until it was too late. He skidded to a halt as he felt eyes on him and glanced up in surprise to see Gandalf the Grey dressed in shimmering robes of white, guarded by a Human Ranger, an Elf archer, and a Dwarven Axe-man. Even more importantly, however, the king had been awakened from his bewitched sleep and was now staring angrily at him as were all the king's guards, Gandalf, and the Three Hunters. "Your grace!" Grima gulped, falling to one knee. "And grace I am, Wormtongue, " Theoden spat, clenching the pommel of his sword until his knuckles turned white. "And if it were not for the council of the good Ranger here and my beloved niece, you would be long since dead and with your head rotting on a pike." Grima gulped and felt fear spring in his chest. But he felt a flicker of hope at the mention of Eowyn. "So instead of killing you as would befit a traitor of your standing," Theoden growled menacingly. "I have a better purpose for you." "How may I be of service, sire?" Grima asked nervously. "Instead of exile as I deemed fit," Theoden said. "You shall march with my niece to Helm's Deep. We are heading there to fend off the hordes of Saruman and I command you as king to guard my niece with your life. You are no longer my advisor but now her bodyguard. Should an Orc lay so much as a grimy finger on her, I shall have you skinned alive. Are we clear?" Grima sighed inwardly but dared not relax lest his fate turn against him. "Yes, sire," Grima said dutifully. "Good," Theoden sighed. "Then be gone from presence and never let me lay eyes on you again." Ashamed that his treachery had been discovered but grateful and relieved, Grima stood up slowly, keeping his head low, and walked out of the court with his face to the king. He might have survived and remained a man of Rohan, but now he was in a more tricky position than ever before. The people would be watching him carefully and would hate him and spit on him. If he was seen with Eowyn as anything other than a mere guard, he would be publically executed, no questions asked. And yet, Eowyn had requested this. That could only mean she still wanted to be with him above and beyond how things were now. But how could their odd relationship work when everything, even their past-selves, stood against them? To Be Continued? A/N: Well that's about all for now! I don't know if I'll continue this but I'd like to. But leave a comment so that I can decide whether to write more or not. I'll try to include smut and lemons but there will be plot as well and lots of drama and maybe even some more action than is in the books or movies at this stage. So review, review, review and we'll see what happens. Until next time, people!