my people's plight if your duty allows you to remain apart from your own people." Legolas's eyes became intent. As intent as Denethor's when the Steward descended from the Tower, having discerned the Enemy's next strike. "You also remain with the Fellowship." "Yes, but every day we travel brings me closer to Gondor." "Yet there are more direct routes, are there not?" Legolas asked. "You could have broken with us days ago and been well on your way to Minas Tirith." "The river is a sure course, there is safety in numbers, and—" "When, then? When will you leave us?" Legolas paused. " Can you leave us?" Boromir's eyes narrowed. "Unless you are planning to keep me here by force—" "None of the Fellowship would do the keeping." And they returned again to the unvoiced accusation. Boromir was determined to keep it unvoiced. "My will is my own," he said sternly. "I come and go by my own choosing." "Then go now." The challenge in the elf's voice was unmistakable, and a change came over Legolas's face. No longer were his eyes compassionate. Now they were hard. Dark. Dangerous. Suddenly seeing an enemy in the face of a friend, Boromir had no choice but to respond in kind. "No one has ever refused the protection of my sword," he said coolly. "This company is made safer by my presence." "Perhaps by your skills in battle, but not by your obligation to Gondor. If you refuse our aid, you endanger this company by remaining!" The air was no longer cold. It was hot. Crackling. Charged. Boromir's fists clenched at his side. "Then are you not also a danger to this company?" he demanded. "Yes! Valar, I nearly parted with this company in Lothlórien for fear the demands of my duty would destroy me!" Legolas shot back. "Indeed, I nearly parted and took somewhat with me into the north!" The admission stunned Boromir. For a moment, shock replaced anger, and he could only listen in mute disbelief. "A dwarf's wisdom may have saved much in Lothlórien," Legolas continued, his voice brittle. "Had I acted on my duty, I would have fallen. And in my fall, I would have destroyed the very thing I wished to save." "Yet you are still here," Boromir persisted. "I am still trying to save my people!" "Then how can you fault me for the same ambitions?" "You look to save your people, but you have already made clear that you will leave us," Legolas said, his voice rising. "Therefore we do not have the same ambitions!" Boromir advanced a step, anger returning in force. "You go too far." "Nay, I do not go far enough!" Legolas returned, also advancing a step. "You look for hope, but you cannot lift your eyes beyond the ruin of your duty!" "As you have already observed, duty is all that remains to me!" "Then find hope! If you do not, duty will demand more than you can give. Find something in which you can trust!" "This?" With a mirthless laugh, Boromir spread his arms wide. "You wish me to trust in seven wanderers, bereft of their wizard guide? Trust in a Halfling who has never ventured beyond the borders of his own sheltered land?" "Trust that these things have more chance of success than all the armies Gondor might muster! Leave now, while you still can, and take that knowledge with you!" "I am the son of the Steward! When I leave, I will take whatever I must to secure hope for Gondor!" The words escaped ere he could stop them, and the declaration fell like a hammer, silencing all. In the painful stillness, neither Boromir nor Legolas moved. Even the River seemed quiet, as though its churning waters lay miles away. At length, Legolas broke the silence, moving forward until he was only scant inches from Boromir. "Then know this, son of the Steward," he said, his voice filled with deadly promise. "I will do whatever I must to secure hope for my people. And I have put my hope in Frodo. Tread carefully." "I will not tolerate threats," Boromir growled. "Nor will I," Legolas hissed. They said no more. Indeed, too much had been said already. Legolas turned and walked inland, never looking back. Boromir also turned, his thoughts buzzing. The elf's words haunted and stung, but in their midst rose Boromir's duty. As the Steward's eldest son, his charge was to Gondor. It was not to Mirkwood or Imladris or Lothlórien or the Shire. But if Boromir placed his hope in the Fellowship, those were the lands he would save. Not Gondor. There was not time enough for Gondor! Her end pressed too near. And her end could still mean the ruin of Legolas's people. It could still mean the ruin of all Free Folk, for without Gondor, the enemies in Mordor would roll forth. There was not time enough for any of them! Boromir pressed the heels of his palms against his eyes. Wherein lay his duty? And did not duty demand sacrifice? What if he were to become that sacrifice? Perhaps taking somewhat from the past would corrupt him, as Legolas and others believed. But what was the price of a single life when weighed against the lives of all those who looked to him as a captain? The chill in the air returned. Alone with the scent of dead and rotting things, Boromir wrapped his cloak tightly about himself. He was again a man weary of war and weary of questions without answers. He sighed, his shoulders burdened and his despair heavy. Until he had answers, he needed to remain with the Fellowship. He had little choice in the matter, for his duty was yet unclear. Thus he would follow the River and pray that the rolling waters cleared his thoughts. And he would pray that his thoughts cleared quickly, for never had the shadows seemed so dark. And never had ruin felt so near.