had to be done: they were not to break from the ring and leave the hobbits, unless it couldn't be helped. For a fearful moment, the company merely stared the enemy down, before finally the creatures roared- the breath before the plunge- and charged. Legolas had loosed three arrows by the time Aragorn was fitting his second, but was forced to use his bow as a makeshift club when an orc came too close for comfort. He was dimly aware of Mithrandir's bellows, when suddenly the ring was broken. He saw Boromir stumble slightly, forced away from them, and it wasn't long before the whole fellowship was separated, and Legolas lost sight of the others. In a single fluid move he drew both of his knives, and used a scissor cut to decapitate the orc in front of him. "Legolas! Have a care for Frodo." He heard the roar over the scuffle, and spun to see Frodo backed into a corner, waving sting in front as three orcs approached. No time was wasted as he quickly adjusted his grip on one knife, throwing it with all his might at the nearest of the three. The knife did not waver once as it powered through its path, only stopping when it passed cleanly into the orc's throat. Brandishing his remaining knife, he sprinted to Frodo in time to block another orc's scimitar as it was brought down towards the hobbit. "Stay behind me." Legolas ordered the ringbearer, never moving his eyes from the creatures. With a swift fake to the right, he dispatched another by slicing its stomach, wrinkling his nose as its innards came spilling out. With a hiss of distain the third orc eyed him, taking notice of his carefully peaked ears. "Elf!" It hissed, its forked tongue slithering from between its teeth. Its comrades, if they could be called that, turned their attention towards him, spitting out the single word as if an insult. Legolas paled, and he heard Frodo let out a small whimper as the creatures bore down on them. "Filthy elf!" He adjusted his stance protectively in front of the hobbit, muttering an elvish prayer before swinging his knife in a quick arc down into the nearest orc; the orc made no sound as it fell to the ground, and the angered others lunged. In only a few moves three more were felled, more by their foolishness than Legolas's skills, but between skills and brains there were still many standing between the two companions and their fellows. They rushed at him like a pack of wild boars, swinging their weapons. Slice, slice, slice, and thrust! Four more crumpled to the floor, their bodies trampled by the others as they rushed to kill the first elf they'd seen in many a year. Legolas plunged his knife into another's stomach, unprepared for the erupting screech as it was run through. Legolas's pounding head protested intensely as the sound ripped through his brain, and he hastily pulled his knife out: thankfully the orc was silenced in death. For a brief moment the world swam, before a flicker of movement caught his eye. A lone orc had slipped past him, ignoring the elf completely as he now stood grinning wickedly at Frodo, his scimitar posed in the air. The ringbearer shrank back in terror, helplessly raising sting in an attempt to ward off the impending blow. He had no need to. Legolas darted in front of Frodo, placing himself between metal and hobbit; the orc blinked at him, taking a small step back but bringing his scimitar around nonetheless. At the last moment the elvish prince jumped back, being mindful of the hobbit behind him. His mind was his downfall. The jump did not take him completely out of harm's way, and the blade bit deep into his side. A stifled gasp escaped Legolas's lips, as he wavered for a moment and collapsed to his knees, grimacing. The orc laughed cruelly, the last of his comrades jeering at the sight of a wounded elf at their mercy. " Aragorn! Boromir!" Legolas heard Frodo's pleading cry from behind, and strength was rekindled in his bones. With a roar he thrust his knife hilt-deep into the orc before him, pulling it back out as he rose. Pain flared in his side but it couldn't be helped: Frodo needed him. He sliced into another orc, at the same time twirling from another and kicking its weapon from its hand. He sliced the defenceless orc's throat, before adjusting his grip on the knife and swinging his arm back to impale another in the chest without turning, but his success was short lived. An orc finally saw sense to slam into the elf's injured side, the force taking them both to the floor. This time Legolas couldn't stifle the cry of pain that escaped his lips, as his side burned in agony and his head cracked against the rocks. Dark spots danced in his vision of the orc, and the creature's attention was focused fully on him as his knees pressed to his chest, eyes alight with maddened glee. He remembered his scimitar and raised it high above the gasping elf, when suddenly a rock hit his head with such force that his eyes crossed themselves before he crumpled like the orcs before him. Legolas was dimly aware of small arms wrapping around his chest, and pulling him close to an equally small body. His back felt warm against the soft body, but the comfort was ruined as his breathing became painful. Just one breath would elicit a spasm of pain through his chest, and he moaned unintentionally at the discomfort. The arms pulled him closer, tightening their grip around him as the body rocked back and forth, as if trying to soothe him, but he could hear the sobbing. He could hear the roars of Aragorn, Gandalf, Boromir, Gimli, and the three other little ones. Then his breathing slowed, and all was dark.