tying the mule to the hitching post when Legolas touched her shoulder and said, "We should make sure that there is no danger." "I am already on it why do you think we are hitching them here and not putting them in the barn." Erica remarked than asked. "Do you hear or see anything?" For a few moments Legolas looks and listens then replies. "Since coming to this realm the sent of death is so strong it is making it hard to tell anything." "Shit. I guess we do this the hard way, room by room building by building. Lets start with the main house." Erica said after she unholstered her weapon. Following the girls lead Legolas readied his weapon. Erica took the steps to the front porch one by one as the elf mounted them with her at the same pace. Erica continually watched for movement or for a sign from the elf that there was trouble but nothing happened. When they reach the door they found it unlocked and partly ajar. Erica jumped to one side of it and motioned the elf to do the same. Using her foot Erica kicked the door open. They waited but nothing happened. Legolas entered first with Erica covering his back and slightly enjoying the view. After finishing searching the main level Erica notices that the alarm for the bunker level is not arm. "Down stairs." Erica quietly told the elf. This time Erica led the way but like the main it too was empty. "Ok, second floor now." Erica said as they headed up the stairs. "Ok it's empty." Erica remarked as she walks past a door they haven't opened and checked. "We haven't check that one." Legolas pointed out. "We don't need too." Erica remarks as she tries to walk by the elf that stood insistently. "Fine." The two enter the room that be Legolas took one look at the room then grinned at the girl. Picking up some discarded clothes from the floor, he quipped, "You certainly have a unique style." "I am going to kill her!" Erica remarks. "She trashed my room." "Now who could you be talking about?" asked the elf. "My lowdown rotten Cousin trashed my room! She went threw my clothes... Ewww she is so going to pay for this. Wait a sec.. She left the computer.." Erica says as she sets down on the chair in front of the computer to quickly check the 'What are you doing?" asked Legolas "Checking to see if Reggie left any messages for me. You see I left a message for her as to where we were going. I did it via this machine that way no one else could find out." Erica explains. Looking over her shoulder, Legolas asked, "Did she?" "I don't see much. She arrived two days ago." Erica replayed to him than became very sad and started to cry. "What's wrong?" "She made the trek here by herself. My auntie and uncle didn't make it through the Superflu." Erica explained. "Then we must find her and take her with us," decided the elf. "Well from this it says she went out for supplies and she figures she'll be back either tonight or tomorrow." Erica explains "Thanks though." "So we shall wait until the appointed time and if she's not back, we'll search for her." "Yeah but we should bed the animals down for the night. I'll leave a message for her if we have to leave before she gets back." Erica explained as she quickly typed some information on the computer as the elf watched in interest. Legolas waited for the girl to finish what she was working on and followed her outside. The two quickly put the animals into the stable. On the way outside, the elf noticed a patch of disturbed earth. "Is that?" asked the elf. "Yeah. It is." Erica replied with a tear as she started to walk over there. The elf followed the girl over to the grave. "If Gandalf claimed you as his grand daughter, then you must be. The White Wizard would never lie about such." "I don't know how but I am going to find out when we get back." Erica replied as she reached down and placed a hand on the dirt. "You should be happy that family once lost has returned, not angered." "I am happy Reggie is alive but I still am not sure if Gandalf is my gramps if he is I feel bad for the others because they went as lucky. Mike had to watch his mom die.. Then Dena lost her baby bro who wasn't even a year old. And the others......" Erica explains. "Those who died did not die in vain and your friends who lived, there is a reason the Valar saved you." "Huh who's Valar. Is he like God or something?" Erica asked without look away from the grave. "They are the ones who came before and created that which is Middle Earth," answered the elf. "When we get back, I think you should have a talk with Lady Galandriel. She is better at answering such questions." "I am sure I want to talk to her," Erica said as she headed for the door of another building and than spoke really low "Blue Bear." "Well, let us wait for your cousin then." "Sure. I just want to get what we came for. Then I can introduce you to some good food. That is after I grab a shower." Erica answered. "Very well" TBC To the Readers: Thus ends the first chapter of Honor and Courage. I am presently working on "Chapter 2, Officers Call" which will continue the coverage of the supply run to Earth. I look forward to hearing back and finding out what is good and bad about the story. As always, read, review and get ready for Chapter 2 which should be out before the showing of The Return of the King. Merry Prankster