in his rooms was not King Elessar, it was Aragorn the Ranger, his dearest friend, cloaked in a worn leather jerkin and mud-splattered riding boots. He felt his heart swell. "Aragorn!" he exclaimed, moving over to embrace him. Pulling back he noticed the Man's eyes. They were bright, happy, but the elf saw something else within them, carefully hidden. Sadness. He felt himself bristling immediately. What had happened to the Man while he had been away? "What is wrong, my friend?" he asked, allowing his voice to fill with concern. Aragorn's eyes shimmered for a moment before he strengthened himself. "It is Arwen. She expressed that she no longer wishes to be my Queen." Aragorn said, his voice quiet. Legolas could hear the broken note that he had obviously hidden well from his own kind. "Oh, Valar…" said Legolas softly, guiding the Man over to a chair. Well I can nurse your broken heart Cause that's what friends are for Legolas sighed again, moving over to pour some of Mirkwood's best elven wine for his friend then sitting down opposite him. Aragorn downed the glass in one, and Legolas refilled it once more. "She has told me that one of the Royal mariners has offered to build her a ship. She wishes to sail to the Undying Lands with… with another elf." Aragorn explained, his gaze on the deep rouge of the wine. Legolas bit his lip. "What of Eldarion, your son? Has she expressed no regret?" Legolas asked, unused to dealing with such extreme situations that brought forth so many emotions. He didn't know how to ask Aragorn of his own feelings. It was like being thrown into a dance at a ball without knowing the steps. "Much. She does not wish to leave him, but she has already made her choice. I shall remarry in a month or two and give him a mother again. I cannot leave him without a mother. And the Kingdom must have a Queen." Aragorn's voice was heavy with the sadness and hopelessness of losing the only one he had ever truly loved. His shoulders were sloped downward, unable to support the crushing weight of duty to his Kingdom and his son. He obviously felt that his emotions were a hindrance to his Kingship. "So soon?" the elf said, leaning closer to Aragorn. "Surely there is time to wait? Recover?" The Man met his eyes briefly, and Legolas could see that he had already made his decision. "My Kingdom and my son and infinitely more important that what I might feel, Legolas. I must do what is best for my people, not myself." Legolas nodded in response. The self-sacrifice his friend was committing was heart-breaking, but the blonde couldn't see any way out of it. Although he knew it was wrong, he began to feel hope that he and Aragorn might return to being fast friends, just like they had been before. And suddenly he knew what to suggest to help the Man. "Fancy a spot of archery?" he asked, and Aragorn's face lit up with that old competitive spirit Legolas had missed so much. Blue-grey eyes cleared, just a little. "Certainly." Cause I've got to keep the feeling, keep the feeling in Gotta keep the feeling, keep the feeling in As another of Legolas' arrows hit the target dead centre, he laughed triumphantly. All his arrows were clustered within a hair's breadth of each other, whereas Aragorn's were scattered around the inner circles of his. He was a brilliant archer, for a Man, but in comparison to an elf, his talent was severely undermined. "Face it, Aragorn! You are useless against me!" Legolas called, dancing around with glee. Aragorn observed him for a long moment, before lowering his bow. "Yes, but you know how I can beat you?" he asked, smiling widely, his eyes cunning. Legolas pondered for a brief moment, before seeing Aragorn's hand twitch a little toward his sword. Then he smiled. "How so?" he said, feigning ignorance. Aragorn let out a quiet chuckle, before in one swift move drawing his sword and curling through the air to meet one of Legolas' white knives only a millimetre from the pale curve of the elf's neck. "Melee." He said softly, looking Legolas right in the eyes. The blonde quickly searched for the sadness that had previously clouded the brilliant blue and found it much receded. A mischievous playfulness he could only remember from Aragorn's youth filled its place. The Man pulled away, readying himself a couple of paces away before launching into a devastating series of slashes, curves and chops that left Legolas barely defending himself. "Perhaps you underestimate me." The elf challenged, and Aragorn raised an eyebrow at him. Then suddenly his was moving to his left and Legolas was shifting to meet him and it was a feint and Aragorn was heading for his right and then the Man's lithe muscle rammed into him, tackling him down to the floor. Aragorn stood up even as Legolas blinked with shock, laying the point of his sword at the base of the elf's throat. Then he burst into a brilliant smile, followed by almost carefree laughter. He sheathed his sword and offered his hand to the prone elf, who grasped it. Hope fluttered fiercely in the elf's belly as their gazes locked. He hoped for so many things, but for now he was glad to have that friend he thought he had lost to another. Not that Aragorn could know how much Legolas had missed his company. He must never know. The Man pulled him up and they readied for a spar once more but all Legolas could focus on was that loyal glint in Aragorn's eyes. The elf smiled. Perhaps there was hope yet. Hope you enjoyed reading my first fic! Review? I'll give you a cookie if you do :) Oh, and I owe a thank you to StarLight9 for pointing out a mistake which is now corrected. Thanks!