beaded on his heavy brow as he began to work and tug at them, to pop each little peg up out of the earth. Time. How much time did he have? There was no way of knowing. How long had he worked at freeing his wrists? How long was it taking him to pull up his hair? On an impulse he tried grabbing a handful and just yanking upward. Too thick a handful, no good, but when he found the right thickness and pulled again, the pegs yielded and flew up with a rattling sound, still knotted to the ends of his hair. Yes. This way was faster. He grabbed and jerked, jerked and grabbed, until there was nothing else to hold him, and then he scrambled to his feet. Half the pegs were still hanging from his hair, and he had dropped his knife at some point in the frenzy of pulling his hair free. Now, panting a bit, he scanned the ground quickly until he found it a bare few feet away and snatched it up. Breathing heavily, he raked the woods around him with fevered eyes. Nothing. There was nothing. He had been staked out in a little clearing, among unfamiliar trees, and around him the woods were silent. Now he was free, and he had managed to free himself in under the time the Elf had told him. He must have, or they would have cut him down. As it was, he was by himself, no Elves to be seen – and he planned on keeping it that way. Taking a bare few seconds to sniff around him, Raumaturz detected no familiar scents, so choosing a direction at random, he jogged quickly into the woods. It was dark, and even with an Orc's night vision the details of his surroundings were all lost in the same silver blur. His hair was rattling behind him and he growled and gathered it in his hand and shoved the dangling pegs down the back of his tunic. Fucking Elves. Stories of Golug tricks and eldritch cleverness were legendary among his kind, but he'd never heard of anything like this. Where had they brought him? Where had he been when they took him? His memories were shrouded in fog, and nothing around him was familiar. If he could find the cave with the rest of the lads – if the rest of the lads were all right – Maybe Azrim would be with them. Maybe they had lied about killing Azrim. Raumaturz hadn't had the time to think about it before, to question what was being told to him. Mad bloody Elves, they could have been lying to him about everything! It was obvious enough they'd set the whole thing up to muck with him. Them and their game. Maybe that part about Azrim being dead was a mindfuck too. But he didn't think so. They hadn't lied about anything else, had they? They hadn't lied about the game itself, or about letting him go free. Out of the corner of his eye he heard something move. Whipped his head to the right but saw nothing. Staring straight ahead, he tried to calm himself. Couldn't let his imagination get the best of him. Then something hooted in the trees up ahead of him, and he stopped in his tracks, brandishing the knife. "Show yourselves, you pointy-eared fucks!" But there was no reply. "Owl. Just a fucking owl," he muttered, lowering his knife. Then he heard a snap behind him, the slow crack of a twig that had been deliberately broken underfoot. Catching his breath, he turned to find one of the Elves standing there watching, an unreadable expression on its bright pale face. Heard a sudden soft thump behind him and when he whirled around he saw the second Elf rising out of an impromptu crouch. Raumaturz looked up in alarm, half expecting a third Elven double to leap from the trees as well, then looked back and forth between his tormenters. The two Elves were advancing on him, swords drawn and leveled in his direction. "I won," he said shakily. "I played your game. I followed your rules. You said if I freed myself. Under twenty minutes. You said if I didn't cut any part of me…" "What did we tell him, brother?" asked one of the Elves. "We told him that if he cut himself loose, he could go free. We did, didn't we Elladan?" "Yes, and kept our word," agreed the first. "Then why? Why? " The words dried up in his mouth. The first tip of an Elven blade was already against the front of his tunic. "Ah… Well," said the Elf. Its smile was filled with radiant pity. "We did not say that we would let you go free forever." -.-.-.- "…the Wise in the Elder Days taught always that the Orcs were not 'made' by Melkor, and therefore were not in their origin evil. They might have become irredeemable (at least by Elves and Men), but they remained within the Law. That is, that though of necessity, being the fingers of the hand of Morgoth, they must be fought with the utmost severity, they must not be dealt with in their own terms of cruelty and treachery. Captives must not be tormented, not even to discover information for the defence of the homes of Elves and Men. If any Orcs surrendered and asked for mercy, they must be granted it, even at a cost. This was the teaching of the Wise, though in the horror of the War it was not always heeded." The History of Middle-Earth , Morgoth's Ring And for the sons of Elrond, Lord of Imladris, it was always war. -.-.-.- Disclaimer: Tolkien's works, characters and concepts are copyright J. R. R. Tolkien. "Fun and Games" and the unfortunate Raumaturz are copyright The Lauderdale (cartoon6 at hotmail dot com). It was originally written for NaNoWriMo 2015 and published July 3, 2017.