stars like a Disney Princess was one of the only things I could do to keep me grounded. Suddenly, I began to feel kind of odd. With my eyes still shut, I could feel the ground shift beneath me; or at least, I thought it did. I began to feel very dizzy, and I opened my eyes, trying to steady myself. "What the fuck," I mumbled aloud, rubbing my eyes. I quickly sat down on my backpack, trying to ease the spinning. Sometimes I had random dizzy spells, but this didn't feel like one of those. It felt like I was on one of those metal things in old playground that kids would sit on, and their friends would spin them around, and around. It literally felt like the earth was beginning to spin faster and faster below me. I tried to take a breath in, but found that my lungs felt like they were closing up. Oh God, was I having an allergic reaction to the Iced Tea or something? What the hell had my brother put in it? I began to freak out. What if I was going into anaphylactic shock? What if I died? No one would find me until the morning, or at least until the bus came by, but by then it could be too late! I began to wrack my brain; was I actually allergic to anything? I couldn't remember, although that could just be my brain starting to have a panic attack, and not letting me remember anything. My breath was coming out in short bursts, and I was starting to hyperventilate. No, no, no, no . I could feel my eyes beginning to get heavy. Oh God, I'm dying . I tried to will my legs to move, or to scream to do anything! But my body refused to obey my will. As I could feel the last of my strength leaving my body, the voice in my head started screaming bloody murder. No, no, no, no, no no no no no no nonononononononononono! Everything went black. I tasted dirt. My lips, which felt cracked and dry, began to struggle to spit out what I was almost two-hundred percent sure was dirt out of my mouth. I could feel small bits of grass, and what I guessed could be pebbles and grit in my mouth, as well. It tasted awful, and I gagged. The sudden movement caused me to open one eye, and then the other. It took my gaze a second to adjust, as my face was being almost directly hit by sunlight. I lifted my head slowly, hardly daring to move or breathe. I had never been so scared in my life. Where the hell was I? My heart was thudding against my rib cage, and my throat felt tight. I had now raised my head entirely, and could take in my surroundings. What I saw made me want to start screaming again. I had absolutely no idea where I was. It looked like a forest, similar to the ones bordering my hometown; similar to the ones that I had never actually ventured into before – at least not since I was probably five or six. I seemed to be laying in what appeared to be a small clearing, and the trees towered above me. At first glance, I could've really thought that I had just been dumped somewhere near my home. That is, if it hadn't been a completely different season, wherever I was. It had been late March when I had left the house, but wherever the fuck I was now was clearly autumn, or some variant of that. The leaves that still clung to the trees were gold, red and brown, and the forest floor I now lay upon felt crunchy and kind of dead. I sat up slowly, each vertebrae at a time, until my back was ramrod straight. I was not fully sitting up, and hands keeping me up, and my legs out straight in front of me. Beside me, out of the corner of my eye, I could see my backpack was with me still, which I would have found odd, if I wasn't currently about to have a panic attack. I was in the middle of the forest. I had no idea where I was, or how I got there. I had potentially drank some Iced Tea that my stupid brother might've laced with some kind of hallucinogen just to screw with me. Or maybe someone had hit me over the head at the bus stop and kidnapped me? But, if they had kidnapped me, why did I still have all my stuff? Why was my body cut and abrasion free? Why did I still feel in perfect health, other than still having the taste of dirt in my mouth? Why, why, why?! I was lost, I was alone, and I felt like a little girl again. I felt scared, angry, and confused. I whipped out my phone, unlocking it to check if I could find out where I was. I had no bars, no service. Nothing. Nothing. I should have told myself to calm down. I should have gotten up off my butt, and tried to look around to see if I could find my bearings. I should have checked to make sure I was in fact intact, and that none of my stuff was stolen. I should have anything other than what I did next. I opened my mouth as wide as I could. " FUCK! " A/N: I hope you all enjoyed the first chapter! I wanted to establish Kayla as a character first before I got into anything more with her story. I really hope I was able to convey the feelings of terror when she realizes something is wrong. I kind of based it off of what having a panic attack feels like – tightness in lungs, shortness of breath, etc. Anyway, more to come ASAP! R&R, please!