ale he has drunk tonight. "What is it?" Éomer asks, his words just barely recognisable stutter. It is not in words that the son of Arathorn answers. Instead, he leans down, as though some outside force was moving him... and he finds those lips he has sometimes considered with longing. They are soft, just like he thought they would be... soft and supple, even though they do not move or answer. And then they part, though he can't tell if it is to protest or moan or if it is because of shock, but he is beyond caring now. The Lion tastes of ale, of life, of fire. The answer comes at last, and when it does, it is the sweetest moment of Aragorn's life, though brief... for one endless instance he has him, and the yearning inside him is extinguished, if only for a little while. There he rests his heart, and he folds this moment gently inside himself, knowing already it must end. And end it does, for then the King's eyes roll around and he passes into the land of dreams. But Aragorn lingers, leaning his forehead against that of his dear Rohir, and thinks of laying himself beside the sleeping man. Oh, how sweet would it be, to fall asleep here in the warm shine of the light that is Éomer of Rohan. Still, he knows he must go, even if it tears him apart. But there will always be this one kiss. Aragorn has little sleep on that night, for he is busy wondering what will happen on the morrow. Will he remember what happened? Perhaps it would be for the better if he didn't... if the kiss remained a secret, locked deep in the heart of Gondor's king. But then it will always be just half real, like a passing dream. But if he does remember... what then? Will he look at the man he called brother with loathing in his eyes? Or what if... what if he doesn't mind? What if he welcomes it? Yet when Aragorn thinks of it, he does not believe the Lion would welcome it. No. He has never given any sign that he might share this emotion. Why must you make me feel so, when you will never feel the same for me? And so he is fearful as he waits for the morning and the inevitable instance when they will see each other. All night, he asks himself if he has destroyed a treasured friendship just for the sake of one moment of bliss. A new day does come and the camp awakens. When the King of Rohan comes striding, he looks tired and slightly suffering, like is to be expected after the amount of ale he consumed... but nothing he says or does that day ever suggests he has any recollection of last night's kiss. There is no disgust or apprehension in his eyes – he merely thanks Aragorn for helping him into bed. The older man manages a smile, says it is nothing. Inside, he feels a curious mixture of disappointment and relief. For the rest of their stay in the fields of Cormallen, Aragorn keeps himself under control. He cannot afford another slip like that, no matter how much he wishes he could live it again. It is especially painful at nights when the memory of what happened in the tent haunts him. There are times when he can still taste the kiss on his lips. Their time in this place draws to end, until the day comes that the host starts for Minas Tirith. It is time for Isildur's Heir to return to the city of kings and claim his throne, even though there is a part in him that would like to ride north... to that green and fertile land where this strange affection and yearning was born. But he knows what is his road and he must follow it, however bitter it might be. On that morning as he stands in his tent and prepares for that day, Éomer King arrives; he is already prepared for the travel. "Good morning, brother. Are you already considering an escape?" he asks, smiling as he speaks. Aragorn notes the young king is smiling more often these days. "Oh, you would not believe all the escape plans I have thought of so far", he answers, attempting for a light tone. "I can lend you a horse, in case you need one for your flight", says the King in jest. "Do not tempt me, brother", Aragorn laughs weakly. His friend takes a proper look at him then. He knows he must look very different, with his hair neatly combed and dressed in a garb fit for a king. "If it comforts you at all, you do look like a king", says Éomer. "Quite a change to that ragged ranger I first saw on the plains of the Mark." "I would wish that same man does live inside this finery", Aragorn answers. Something bittersweet comes to him as he looks at his fellow king. "Look at what has come of us. War heroes, with crowns on our heads." "It has been quite a journey", agrees the Lion. "Though perhaps the real adventure is only just beginning." "Aye. I have a feeling we have quite a road ahead of us yet... and I am glad in knowing that you will share it with me", says the heir of Gondor. Soon after, they start for the White City... and Aragorn, son of Arathorn, goes to claim his throne. A/N: The song Éomer sings in the Battle of the Morannon is in truth song called "Scottish Soldier" by Barry Taylor, only with slight modifications to the lyrics. I considered translating it to Old English as I imagine he'd be singing in Rohirric, but that would have been quite arduous and I have a feeling Aragorn might even understand Rohirric, so he would also know what Éomer sings. Náhwær = Never