Gandalf and the silent cloaked rider. "Hobbiton, men! We just crossed into Eriador!" the caravan driver shouted. "Everybody off so these beasts can be fed and watered!" The riders obeyed, sliding off their mounts. Gandalf remained on his horse; he was not officially part of the caravan, but had ridden alongside to keep an eye on certain passengers. Gríma, whose credibility and popularity had shrunk during the past exchange, was cast many hard and suspicious looks. Turning away from him, Beregond asked Gandalf hopefully, "Do you think we could run into this Ranger here?" Gríma seized the opportunity to slide back into the travelers' good graces. "Not in Hobbiton, my lad," he said, trying to put on a winning smile, but only succeeding in making a disgusted Beregond edge further away. "Even the great Ranger Aragorn Dúnedain couldn't convince these neck-bowed Shirefolk that he could raise up an army for this 'great threat'." "Though it pains me to say it, I'll have to agree with Wormtongue on this point," Boromir admitted. "My younger brother moved here about two years ago, and it's taken him awhile to gain the trust of the Shirefolk. They're a stubborn lot―these Halflings who live here. I wouldn't have even come all this way myself if it wasn't for Faramir." Eomer looked surprised. "My sister who lives here wrote to me about a Faramir from Minas Tirith. Does your brother know of her?" "Is your sister's name Eowyn?" "Yes, it is." Eomer arched an eyebrow. "From her letters, Eowyn appears very taken with your brother." "Well, from everything Faramir's written me, he is also quite captivated by your sister." Boromir's brow furrowed, seeing the man of Rohan in a slightly new light. Eomer sighed, resigned. "I can't say anything more about this matter without making presumptions―but if your brother is as noble as my sister says he is, I do not fear for her―although she can easily care for herself." "My brother is just as noble as any man of the White City should be," Boromir said defensively. "Even more, I can safely say." While the two men were conversing, Beregond approached Gandalf again, Gríma listening in intently, having grown bored with Boromir and Eomer's public tête-à-tête . "If I were to seek out this man Dúnedain, what should I look for? I know you've met him before." Gandalf's face crinkled into a small, mildly amused smile. "I've met many people, Beregond," he replied. "But the man you are so interested in finding doesn't let himself be found as easily as others. He has quite the knack for slipping into the shadows." Beregond's eyes rested on the silent cloaked figure he had barely noticed on the ride to Hobbiton. "Such as that man over there?" he asked, gesturing to the man. Gandalf's eyes twinkled, but he said nothing. Gríma, however, scoffed as he glanced at the lone form with a contemptuous eye. "If he were this infamous Ranger, I have no doubt whatsoever that these ignorant Shirefolk would be persuaded in a thrice that he carries good counsel," he said, voice dripping with sarcasm. "Not all Shirefolk are as ignorant as you paint them to be, Wormtongue," Eomer spat. He and Boromir had come to a mutual agreement about the other's siblings, and now the man of Rohan turned his attention to Gríma. "Men and even Elves have come to dwell in Hobbiton and throughout the region of Eriador―and while Men may sometimes lack judgement in knowing ill advice from good, Elves do not." "Since when have you , Eomer son of Eomund, such faith in the Elves?" Gríma sneered. "I have grown to respect them―they are a wise and noble race," Eomer retorted, grinding his teeth at Wormtongue's employment of a long-unused epithet. "Well, even if the Elves were on his side, Men and Halflings would never listen to him," Wormtongue scoffed. But before Eomer or anyone else could make a reply, the caravan driver returned with the horses. "All aboard what's coming aboard!" he shouted, making a few men jump in surprise. "If you're fixing to stay, take your bas, otherwise, all aboard! This caravan's not coming back for another week, so now's the time to make your choice!" "Well, I'm staying―I haven't seen my sister in months," Eomer grunted as he unstrapped his bags from his former mount. "What say you, Boromir? Care to join me?" "I believe I will." Boromir hefted his bags over his shoulder. "Will you be spending the night, Gandalf?" "No, Boromir―I unfortunately have other matters to attend to and cannot tarry much longer here, quaint and pleasant as Hobbiton is," the elder replied. Apart from these three, the other travelers climbed aboard their mounts once again―they were not keen on a week's stay in Hobbiton, for reasons we, the ever-watching, oh-so-silent, bystanders, do not yet know. But just before the caravan could pull out, a fourth man leaped from his horse and began to unstrap his bags. "Gentlemen, your wariness intrigues me―I believe I'll have to give the Shire a try." It was the same cloaked figure who had remained as silent as we have been for the duration of the ride in. "I don't believe I caught your name," Gríma inquired coldly. With equal cordiality, the Man replied, "I don't believe I dropped it." As one of his bags fell from the saddle, a flash of gold stitching caught the eye of every passenger aboard: embroidered in an elegant hand on the bag, was this name: the Ranger Aragorn Dúnedain . Drawing back his hood, Aragorn permitted a small smile at the incredulous stares of the watching Men and Dwarves as the caravan trotted along down the road. Gríma looked absolutely furious, and the Ranger could still hear the Man swearing loudly as the horses disappeared around a bend in the road. Turning to Eomer and Boromir, who stared at him in total astonishment, he said politely, "Well, men, shall we see what Hobbiton has to offer?"