thinking Boromir was falling under the Ring's influence. "I despise anything the Dark Lord has made or touched, including you!" he continued. The pain in his head roared until he could barely think, and he saw white-and-red splotches behind his closed eyelids. "Good, Boromir," said Gandalf's voice out of the blurred darkness. "What have I said? You can fight." There was encouragement in his resolute voice, and Boromir tried to block the Ring's words from his mind. "Do not focus on the darkness. Focus on the light that is left." There was a final burst of pain, and Boromir cried out. "I shall never fail the Fellowship!" he said firmly. 'Fight! Fight it, Valar damn you, Boromir!' he told himself. And then, with that, the Ring's words were inaudible. Boromir looked up at Gandalf, and his face broke into a smile. He felt a rush of self-pride. The Grey Pilgrim smiled a grim but glad smile back at him, and Boromir felt as if he had just defeated Sauron himself. In a way, he had. "See!" the Wizard said. "You are perfectly capable of fighting it. I have faith in you, Boromir. Keep up the fight." "I shall," Boromir said. "I swear it on my ancestors, on the empty Throne of the King, on the White Tree, on Gondor herself-" Gandalf was smiling as he held up a hand to stop Boromir's vow of never-ending valiance. "Now, Boromir, I must interrupt you, though I accept your promise. It is very important to fight the Ring, but it is equally important to stay true to the Company. Trust us. The Ring found your distrust of us in your soul and used it against you. This must never happen again." "It shall never happen. I swear it on-" the Gondorian started solemnly. He could not think of anything fit to swear on. A thought came to his mind in the whisper-voice of the Ring: You swear it on me. "No!" he said aloud. "I swear, I shall never betray the Fellowship. I swear it on all I hold dear." Gandalf looked satisfied at Boromir's promise. "Very good, son of Denethor. Do you deem yourself fit to return to the camp?" He saw a flicker of fear in Boromir's gray eyes at the thought of facing the others. "Did I... put up a fight?" he asked tentatively. "When you took me from camp?" "You certainly did," Gandalf told him. "I shall merely say you were suffering the effects of mild hypothermia, if they ask why." Boromir felt a sigh of relief whoosh from his lungs. He did not want the others to know of his weakness. Especially Frodo. He had heard the tale of Gollum and his Precious many times from his uncle, and if he heard that Boromir had whispered, 'My precious', the Man was not sure he could live it down. "Am I cured?" asked Boromir, partly referring to the fictional bout of hypothermia, partly asking of his mental state and the Ring. Gandalf's wise eyes surveyed him. The son of Gondor sat burrowed in the snow, his elbows on his knees, arms casually placed, weary look on his face. There was a strange look about him, as if a cloud had gone over the sunlight that shone upon him. It was the Shadow of Mordor- even on the slopes of Caradhras, it could reach the bravest of Men. The Wizard said, "I believe you are, for the time being. Although, if you do not get up out of the snow, you shall have a very real case of hypothermia." Boromir chuckled weakly and hauled himself to his feet. Right before they reached the camp, Boromir flinched. "I can hear it now," he said quietly. "Banish it from your thoughts," Gandalf told him. For a minute, Boromir stood as still as a corpse, eyes closed. He muttered to himself quietly. Gandalf watched him with an eagle's eye, trying to sense any signs of approaching danger. Finally, Boromir opened his eyes and nodded to the Wizard, signaling he had won his inner battle with the Ring. "Gandalf," he said as they started to walk again, "I thank you. You have taught me to fight." The old Wizard shook his head as if amused at the Man's words. "No, Boromir of Gondor. You taught yourself," he said. "I simply guided you." Boromir smiled broadly, and he strode back into the camp with a confident pride about him. And for days upon days, Boromir fought the Ring. No swords were drawn, only words exchanged, but Boromir was battle-weary all the same. He fought all the way down Caradhras. He fought through Moria with both tangible foes and the foe that attacked his soul. Every time he had won a silent battle with the Ring, the boyish pride in him would bubble up, and he would grin. Gandalf would catch his eye and smile back. As he saw Gandalf pitch over the side of the Bridge of Khazad-dum, it was if something was torn out of him. He was once again lost and alone. Gandalf's words, "I simply guided you", rang in his head like the tolling of a funeral-bell. 'I could certainly use you as a guide now, Gandalf,' Boromir thought to himself miserably. Every time the Ring whispered to him, Boromir tried to fight. And he did, for a while, refusing to give in. But the grief washed over his already tired mind like an ocean's wave drowning him, and suddenly, he lost control. As he entered fair Lothlorien, the Ring whispered, You are so bitter... so alone and grief-stricken, Boromir... I can take the grief away, if you cease fighting me... 'Please,' he begged the Ring, tears stinging in his eyes. 'Please. I have stopped. I love you. I love you beyond measure... my precious.' He had given up. As he lay dying in Parth Galen, he thought of how disappointed Gandalf would be in him, and wept through his smiling eyes.