in her mouth. Nothing had come up this time as her stomach had already been drained from earlier. The ranger asked, "Are you alright? Is it something you've eaten?" Ursa said dryly, "No" There was no use in hiding it now. She said, "I've been feeling unwell this last week or so. A cold sweat comes upon me. My stomach is uneasy. Every morning this happens. My chest has been hurting me too. I feel swollen. Talion, I don't know what's happening to me." Ursa turned to the other woman and asked, "Lady Lithariel, do you think your physicians could be of assistance?" Lithariel seemed petrified, as if taken back in disbelief. Ursa continued, "Although… I do not know if there is a remedy for this. This is like no disease I've ever suffered from. I fear it is a curse." Lithariel at last, returned to her senses. She had so many questions right now for Ursa. "Ursa," began Lithariel, "I need to ask you something personal. Have you and Talion been… have you slept together?" Talion's voice exploded across the room as he asked, "What are you asking?" He turned to see Ursa's cheeks had turned red. The half-Orc answered, "… w-we… yes." Lithariel said, "Your breasts have been swollen. That is what you meant earlier, isn't it?" "It is, yes." The blonde woman began to laugh heartily as she placed her arms to her hips. Talion's brows furrowed as he asked, "What is wrong with you? Ursa is suffering." Lithariel said, "Forgive me. I was afraid it was something more serious. Come now, Talion. You were married. You had a son. Do you not recognize what has become of Ursa?" Celebrimbor and Talion both blinked and gasped. They turned to look at Ursa who only blinked. "Ursa…" asked Lithariel, "You may be pregnant." Ursa replied swiftly, "That is not possible. I… I am a half breed. Never has a half breed conceived, no less given birth." Lithariel said, "You have lived far longer than any half breed, have you not? In a season, you will be celebrating your twenty fifth birthday." Ursa said, "You are mistaken. I am ill and in poor health, no different than any other. It is fortunate I have lived so long. Nonetheless, my body is imperfect. I cannot create life." Lithariel said, "I know the symptoms of pregnancy. Ursa… there is a life within you." Talion was frozen and Ursa mirrored his expression. She said, "It cannot be. It would be a miracle. It cannot…" Talion let out a deep breath as he recovered for a moment. He turned to his pregnant fiancé and reached out to her. Ursa turned to him as his warm hand fell gently upon her cheek. She gazed deeply into his eyes and saw his love, his fear, his happiness, his excitement, and his kindness. She felt the realization begin to hit her. He said, "You must forget those fears of yours. Ursa… you have nothing to be ashamed of. You are not going to die like the others nor are you doomed to meet their fates. This life that stirs within you is proof enough of that. Ursa, you are going to be a mother." Ursa's eyes widened. They began to well with tears of relief. She collapsed to the cold stone ground as her friends and allies looked upon her with marvel. She felt her tears begin to stream down her face and watched as they collected beneath her. She felt the memory of her mother begin to weaken. Those fears that had always remained with her. That she was fated for all misery, a fate that life had always reinforced. Was it possible there was hope yet? She realized knew then there was hope. For she had become Warchief, just as she had always dreamed. And Talion had reciprocated her love and sought her hand in marriage. Now she had a chance to have a family with him. She felt a sudden warmth come over her. A joy she hadn't felt since that day he confessed to her. It was a fragile hope that she would be alright, that life was not simply a series of failures. "I…. I'm going to be a mother?" She now felt her mind succumb to a variety of thoughts. Fear of motherhood, terror at a failure of childbirth, and knowing that her child was born into a world at war. However, after a minute, her mind settled down at last. There was something precious within her. Her slender hands began to cradle her stomach, wondering at what rested within her womb. Her eye focused on it, hoping she would catch a glimpse of her child. Ursa then returned her gaze to the man that stood beside her, realizing who he was in all of this. She said, "Talion… you're going to be a father again." She looked up to see Talion was smiling at her, his eyes were brimming with tears and pride. It was a second chance for him to have a family. As for Ursa, it was a hope for a better life. Author's Notes : Please note that this sequel takes place during the ending of Ursa the Weakling . It occurs after the section where Talion proposes to Ursa, but before he sails across the sea of Núrnen. One might remember Ursa was quite sinister by the end of my last story. However, as I typed out this sequel, I found it disappointing to write Ursa so suddenly and drastically different than her original self. I've decided to portray Ursa more like she was before accepting Sauron's powers, more kind and worried but with moments of ruthlessness to show the change. Whether she is slowly being possessed in this story remains to be seen (as of chapter one). I'd like my readers to know that a new chapter should be released every Saturday. As this work is completed, you will definitely see the entire story.