call you brother, Denethor, for we are brothers in all but blood. We walk the same path, bound by the same purpose, and we shall rekindle the hope of Westernesse together, or else fall to the shadows side by side. Such are the fates of men at the end of an Age!" He took Denethor's hand and kissed it, saying, "I offer you the love of a brother, Denethor. My sword will hew down your enemies, and my shield will defend you from harm; my banner will unfurl from places unlooked for at your darkest hour, and I will come, always, when your horn sounds. This I swear to you, heir of the House of Hurin." Thorongil still spoke in that same quiet, level voice, but he sounded distinctly different. He sounded like the call of a hundred trumpets echoing between mountain peaks, like the rush of waves breaking upon great ships or the song of wind in a thousand sails. Denethor thought he could see Thorongil's words taking physical form: a line of glowing runes, warping, lengthening, slowly spinning into a thread that ties fates and souls together… Denethor stood up abruptly, sword drawn in a flash. "What do you think you are doing ?" Denethor hissed. Thorongil blinked owlishly. The white fire burning about him snuffed out, and that intense look of purpose was replaced by one of surprise and confusion. A long, dragged out pause, and then he began uncertainly, "Denethor, I…" "Stay back, I have heard and seen enough," Denethor snarled, his grip on the sword tightening. They stared at each other for a long time, before Thorongil murmured, "I am only offering you an oath of good faith, Denethor." "Or to extricate one from me?" Denethor bit back. "I beg your pardon?" "Do not patronize me!" Denethor cried out angrily, "I am finally beginning to understand your delusions. I care not whose son you are, or whose heir; I care not how many trinkets you can produce to prove it. High King returned you are not , and you hold claim over neither Gondor nor me!" "Who do you think I am?" Thorongil asked, eyes narrowing. "The leftover of some once noble house that now barely remembers its own name. You grew tired of the crude villages and the wild nothingness of the North, no doubt, and wandered here looking to swindle a throne. But you are a mere sellsword, you are nobody, with neither home nor connections, nothing to your name. You should do well to remember that!" "You think this is why I came to Gondor? Why, Denethor?" "You said so yourself," Denethor said coldly, "What glory of old do you seek to renew? And what kinship from afar would you claim? I am no kin of yours, nor can I be bound to you! I am to be the Steward of Gondor one day, the liege lord to whom you swore your fealty." A look of realization suddenly dawned on Thorongil. He murmured, "You were never affected by all that wine, the drunken speech was but a ploy." "You are perfectly sober yourself, so why do you suppose a man of equal stature and better breeding should be so affected?" "And of course you never truly believed the slander about lord Ecthelion. All those insults then, all that feigned hurt and weakness, they were but a scheme. To what end, Denethor?" "It is 'my lord' to you!" Denethor spat out, "I wanted the truth about you, and I have learned more than I cared to learn. My father's fawning will not protect you forever, Thorongil, one day I will put your delusions in their proper place." "You…" Thorongil was trembling. He stood straight, but he was shaking like a leaf in a winter storm. He spoke with great difficulty, "Indeed you held my heart beating in your hands and still asked what it proves. And then you crushed it to dust. Such a ruler of men you are." His face was ghostly pale, and his eyes burned red with a fell light. No one had ever seen Gondor's soft-spoken and affable captain so furious. He looked ready to draw his sword and split whatever stood in his way, or else cast forth a terrible curse. Denethor suddenly thought of the Army of the Dead beneath the White Mountains, cursed by Isildur to forever wander without rest. Perhaps he was about to receive a similar judgment. Denethor felt fear rising like black tides, but he schooled expression to show nothing but coldness and hate. "If the soothing of wine is but a tool to you, if any unguarded moment but a lie and a ploy, then it shall always be so, son of Ecthelion," Thorongil said softly, "May your wine forever tastes like water! For why would you need it any other way? I take my leave of you, my lord ." Thorongil was gone with a faint swish of his cloak, and a door slammed behind him. Barely a day later Denethor was sitting right beside Thorongil once more, accompanying Ecthelion at dinner. Denethor was tense as a bow string, following Thorongil's every move with his eyes. Would this man retaliate somehow? Thorongil was still his usual self, as if nothing had ever happened, and he would even smile when he spoke to Denethor. Yet there was something changed in his eyes when he looked at Denethor, the warm and open glow replaced by polite distance, as if a door had slammed shut. Denethor was so distracted that it took him quite a few sips to notice something wrong with his wine. He beckoned for the servant and was ready to snap out a reprimand when suddenly he froze. "My lord?" The servant asked quietly from his side. But Denethor only stared at his glass, half-full of the finest wine from the south, sparkling red like rubies. He could even smell the aroma of grapes. But still his wine tasted like water.