my way through this dark... and back to you", he promised, lifting her hand to his lips so that he could kiss it. "Have you given any thought as to where we will live once you come home?" Lothíriel asked after a while. "Either in Aldburg or in Edoras, I suppose. Whichever suits you the best, though I think us both would do well if we settled in Meduseld. You'll be the Lady of the Golden Hall, after all, and Éowyn would be able to help you to get familiar with what is required of you. And Uncle will probably need me... I could use his help too. To become a good king, I mean", he mused, half to himself. "You will do well. You'll be a good king. Just as you are a good man", Lothíriel told him, which brought a smile on his lips. "Well, you are my wife. Of course you'd say that", he said. But then his eyes turned serious again. "My wife. I will never get used to saying that." She smiled and climbed into his lap, and after that, other things than talking or food became more pressing – things that occupied them for a long while. The soft light of late afternoon filled the chamber. Dust particles floated in the air, and Lothíriel watched their slow dance in light with half-open eyes. Nestled against her husband's warm body, she felt safe and peaceful. It was hard to believe this bliss could only last for today, and that tomorrow he would be gone. Idly she ran her fingers back and forth on his skin, feeling the strong muscles, the golden hair on his chest, the old battle scars of fights long past. He lay so quietly that one could almost have believed he was asleep. Lothíriel sighed and snuggled closer. She was feeling so sore that it'd be a wonder if she would even be able to walk the next day. The man beside her had some stamina; she had commented on it and he had let out a muffled laugh. "You should have seen me when I was ten years younger than now", he had said. That had made her snort and she had tried not to think of too much of the other women he had been with. Luckily he had done things then that had effectively distracted her from anything else. She had, however, told him that perhaps he should ask his uncle for a leave of week or two once he'd return, because she didn't think they would be able to leave the bed for quite some time. "Does it ever bother you?" she asked after a while. "I mean, that I'm 8 years younger than you. Am I too childish? Inexperienced?" "Lothíriel, you're being absurd", he told her in a steady voice as he lifted her head so that he could see her face. "Your age does not bother me. It never has, really. I... I've never seen a girl or woman of any particular age when I've looked at you. I just see someone I love beyond anything in this world." That moved her and almost made her cry. But she couldn't start sobbing here and now when she was so happy. So, instead, she smiled. "You do know how to talk to a woman, dearest husband", she told him. "We Rohirrim are natural lovers", he said nonchalantly, humour sparkling in his dark eyes. Lothíriel climbed to sit in his lap, and then she leant down so that her lips were almost on his, and her dark hair cascaded about their faces like a curtain of black silk. "Then love me some more, O Marshal of Mark", she whispered. "I don't think I could love you any more than I already do", he answered softly, running his hands over her back. Then he smiled, "But I will try." And that he did. The night had fallen and outside, the moon was riding high. Lothíriel was already fast asleep but Éomer was not quite ready for rest yet. Instead, he was sat at his desk, writing the notes he had promised for her before. He hoped those would not be needed, but he knew it was necessary for him to provide her with these notes. After all, the wedding ceremony had been very small and not exactly how the Rohirrim usually married – and Marshals even less. It had been his idea and he'd be damned if he left her without protection and safety while he was gone. Here in Rohan, it was as easy as that: a man was known to keep his word and marriages of haste were often seen in the Mark during times of war. Really, Éomer was fairly sure that the Rohirrim would think nothing of him taking the Princess as his wife; the only thing they - and his men in particular - would complain about would be the two of them robbing people of a good excuse to celebrate. The real problem would be convincing her Gondorian family that this was indeed an abiding marriage. Éomer had written three notes entirely; one he would give to Lothíriel, one to Erkenbrand, and one for Gamling. For his uncle, he'd bring the word himself. Both were good men and they would keep her safe while he was gone. He'd tell her go to Edoras, where she would be safe with Éowyn... and there he'd hopefully meet her again once the deeds of war were done. With a sigh, he sealed his letters and stretched. It was scarcely past midnight and he could still catch a few hours of sleep, which would be most necessary. Who knew when he'd be able to rest properly again? So he returned to bed and crawled under the covers, seeking the warmth of her body. Pulling his wife into his embrace, Éomer let himself sink into few more hours of this waking dream where she was finally his own.