softly, "I can understand quite a lot of things." Sam said rather desperately, "I wouldn't like this to be hard for you" "I would rather you told me now" Gandalf sighed before continuing "Not a few weeks ago, just before your coming was announced, there was an accident concerning Frodo" "Accident?" Sam echoed without knowing he had done so, "Is Mr. Frodo a-alright?" "I'm afraid not, Samwize, Frodo perished rather suddenly" "He can't-" "I'm terribly sorry, Sam, it seems the waters of this very river claimed his life" Sam shot a quick glance at the pearly waters, his head swimming; legs threatening to force him to the ground, where he would lie in a heap until his Frodo returned to him. "B-But Mr. Frodo was a fantastic swimmer, I've seen him with my very own eyes, An-and these waters are shallow. Not even someone as scared as water as me could've drown in here" Sam shuddered at the word 'drown', "It seems Frodo might not have been as confident as it seemed, Sam. That or…" Gandalf trailed off, "O-Or what?" Sam stuttered, "A few weeks before he perished, Frodo was not himself, though saying that Frodo was never himself since the moment he came here" "What do you mean?" "He liked to be alone, as always, but this time his solitude seeking was far too regular and he barely touched his food. We could always tell he never got a wink of sleep." Sam could feel his eyes stinging with the familiar feel of tears, "Did you not ask?" "We tried our best, but he kept himself to himself. No matter how hard we tried to ask him what was wrong he protested he was fine." Gandalf explained, "Could you not have tried harder?" Asked Sam, rather loudly, "We tried all we could, Sam" "You saw he was upset, couldn't you have helped him? Would you rather he just drown himself?" Sam yelled, "Nobody could have suspected such a thing." Gandalf's voice remained calm through Sam's storm, "I-I bet you couldn't!" Sam tried to force the words as a shout but his voice trembled terribly and he could feel the tears rolling down his cheeks, "Sam," Gandalf muttered, resting a comforting hand on Sam's shoulder, "We are all grieving for Frodo now, it is easy to lay blame on others, but you must not." "I know" Spoke Sam with a shaky sigh, "I-I did this" "Now, Sam-" "I-I did this!" Sam groaned, "I-I killed him," whispered Sam, "You know that is not true, Sam" "N-No, you d-don't understand," Sam choked; trying to ignore the pained look on Gandalf's face, "I do understand, Sam." "You don't, you don't know how he felt." "You think I could not see it?" asked Gandalf, "See it?" "The way he looked at you, Samwize. Of course I knew how he felt. I did not expect you to return the love. You might've in time, but not while Frodo was in the Shire. The pain was predictable, I feared for him. I just could not see how much he loved you." Gandalf explained with a sigh, "In a way this was my fault." Sam shook his head, "Where is he?" "His body lie in the parlor of where he lived, the burial was planned in a few weeks" Gandalf explained, "Ca-Can I see him?" "If you wish, do you think that would be wise?" "No, but I wish to." The door of the parlor creaked horribly making Sam shudder, the parlor was quite well decorated but rather plain compared to the usual hobbit hole, no patterned carpets or delicately carven walls of wood. In the middle of the particularly large room lies a bed, looking rather out of place. As Sam expected there was a body beneath those thin sheets, so it seemed, the sheets only jutted up slightly as Frodo was terribly thin. Sam swallowed hard; beneath these sheets was a hobbit he loved dearly, a hobbit he should've been with these years. Part of him yearned to remove the sheets to see his love for one last time yet another part, knowing the feeling of loss he would feel afterwards told him he shouldn't. Defying part of his mind, he slipped the sheet past Frodo's head. Frodo had not changed a bit, just his expression didn't bare the happiness it once had, the happiness Sam knew he had killed brutally. "Oh, Mr. Frodo, why did you never tell me?" Sam asked the silence, tearfully. Taking a pale, cold and carefully preserved hand in his own. "I would never have j-judged, I love you, you know?" It was almost as if he expected a reply, "F-Frodo?" He stared into those blue eyes, the blue pools he had always loved. "I love you!" Sam yelled into the darkness consuming the room. "Why didn't I- Why couldn't you have- I don't want- help me" Sam slurred hopelessly, drunken with grief. "Samwize, do not worry, no grief lasts forever. You shall always love Frodo; Frodo will always be a part of you. That is all you need" "I don't want this. I just want him back can I not give up" "You did not give up with the ring, you did not give up on him then," Said Gandalf wisely, "Then I knew I would still have him" "And when your time comes to pass on, you shall have him again" "I don't want to wait!" Sam cried, placing Frodo's hand back on the sheets, ever so gently and making a run for it, as fast as his short legs could take him. Past Frodo's home and all other residence till he came to the river where living things no longer lived and all hope turned to despair, his head swimming with the loss of Frodo and blinded by tears he shrunk to the ground; hitting the water and drifting off to a dream. Where Frodo might not have died. That's where he belonged. So long and goodnight.