hardly be identified easier than the still human. A shout of triumph was heard easier than they were seen, however, and several Sindarin words floated up the river to the waiting dwarf and elf. "It is Estel, and he lives!" Elladan said. Swiftly he knelt and unpacked bandages and herbs. "Might you make a quick fire, Master Dwarf?" the elf asked hastily. He lifted some tea-herbs from his pack. "Estel will be cold, and will need to be warmed immediately." "Of course," said Gimli. He was a worker of stone, he could probably snap his fingers together and make fire. Quickly he had a blaze going, and Elladan asked him to heat water for the tea. Some minutes later, Elrohir and Legolas returned, slower than they had gone, given that they now bore an unconscious Aragorn son of Arathorn and all his effects with them. "He is very cold," muttered Elladan as his brother and the prince set their friend beside the fire. Cloaks were thrown over Aragorn and tea was forced down his throat. The human looked very much as though he had fallen off a cliff. Every inch of him seemed covered in mud or blood or bruises, and though it was nothing the group of warriors had not seen before it was still unnerving given their love for him. At long last Aragorn stirred. The elves and dwarf paused immediately to watch as the man's eyes fluttered open and he groaned. Blearily he pointed a finger at Elrohir. "Two," he muttered. "There are two of you." The twins glanced at one another. "Does he mean he sees two of me, or that he sees both of us?" whispered Elrohir to his brother, who didn't seem to know. "This is a dream," Aragorn sighed, shutting his eyes again. Instantly Legolas leapt forward and began tapping an annoying pattern on Aragorn's arm. "You cannot fall asleep again, my friend," the elf said, helpfully flicking some water onto the human's face. Aragorn opened his eyes reluctantly. "Legolas?" The elf smiled. "Aye. It is I." "And...Gimli?" "I'm here, lad," the dwarf said gruffly. Aragorn turned onto his side. Consciousness seemed to be returning to him. "I thought I saw my brothers," he muttered. "I must have hit my head." "We are here, Estel," Elladan said earnestly. "We are no product of your imagination." "Though you did hit your head," Elrohir added. Aragorn sat up, blinking blearily at the unexpected faces. "Elladan? Elrohir? I do not understand..." "Father sent us," Elrohir told him. "Tis a long tale," Elladan said hastily. "But Elrohir speaks truth - Ada did send us to aid you. Come! How feel you? We have promised your return to the good king of Rohan and I fear war marches too close to Helms Deep for us to tarry." Elladan was right. They had hoisted Aragorn onto the elder twin's horse and the five set off for Helms Deep again. On their path they witnessed the hoards of Uruk-Hai, grim-faced, setting their sights on the people of Rohan at Helms Deep. Theoden had never born such a look of shock as he did when the elves and dwarf clattered up the gateway bearing with them the human he had truly believed dead. Legolas and Gimli approached him after seeing Aragorn safely into a room of rest, where he could regain his strength in the short time before the inevitable battle. "We thought apologies were in order," Gimli said without preface. "But we have returned to you, as promised." Legolas didn't seem to feel the need to apologize but inclined his head respectfully toward the king. "And your fight is once again ours, Theoden King," he said softly. "If you will have us." Theoden could only nod, dazed. Elves and dwarves were strange creatures, the lot of them. Once any of them set their minds to a task there would be no stopping them. He regained himself, smiled, and placed a hand on the shoulder of elf and dwarf. "It is my honor to receive your help, and that of your kinsmen," he said, nodding at Legolas. The elf decided not to go into the finer points of Noldor and Sindar relations, and merely accepted Theoden's words with a hand pressed to his heart. "Come, friend Gimli, let us see to our Estel's restoration," Legolas said quietly to Gimli as the two walked out of Theoden's receiving chambers. "Aye, and perhaps test his memory - and contrive creative versions of his injuries if he cannot remember," Gimli agreed. Legolas's light laugh echoed down the hallway as he responded in the affirmative. Elves and dwarves were strange creatures indeed, Theoden thought with a shake of his head. Now that they were back, Legolas had acted as though they had never left, as though Aragorn had never been lost and he and Theoden had never exchanged heated words. It was clear Theoden was expected to act exactly as he would have done had not the elf and dwarf abandoned the men to find their friend. Theoden could almost be annoyed at Legolas for his sudden attitude of nonchalance. But as the last notes of the elf's laughter faded from the hall, Theoden felt a sudden shiver run through him at the silence. No, the noise of joy should not be concealed or begrudged, he thought, and somehow, he felt a little lighter of heart having heard the laughter of the elf prince, and knew that the feeling should be cherished. For doom lay ahead, and if Theoden was to meet his end, he would spare a moment for the last bit of laughter in the halls - the result of the elf's delighted relief at the life of his dear friend. End . Not -too- exciting, eh? But hopefully realistic. I dearly hope that I have not bored you! Forgive me if I have skewed some slight details, but otherwise I would love to have feedback. I adore you all! Sincerely yours, TRS