Elrond chuckled. "It was a well-timed joke, at least," Elladan said softly. Elrond gave him a wry smile. "Do I need to drag you away like your brother?" he warned, though he was more amused than stern. Caen's past was unfortunate, but the wounds she had caused had long since healed, in Elrond's opinion. "No, I will go willingly," Elladan said, stepping in the same path as his brother. "Come, Elvenking," Elrond said. Thranduil paused, glancing back at his son and daughter-in-law, who were tangled in a mess of pale limbs on the ground. If he looked hard enough, he could just distinguish the separation of their bodies – they were truly beautiful together, out there in the moonlight. Without a word, Thranduil quickened his pace to walk by his friend. Caen laid in Legolas' arms on the damp grass and could not believe that the elf who had his arms wrapped around her (as best he could, considering the rope that still bound them) was now her husband, and she was bound to him. It was during their lovemaking that their souls had finally joined and intertwined irrevocably, and in that moment, Caen had known every thought that Legolas had ever had, every emotion he ever experienced, and ever desire he ever held. He, she knew, experienced the same thing of her. They were truly one, inseparable. "Narwen," Legolas breathed into her ear. Lady of Fire. This was Caen's Given name, a name he would only ever use in the most intimate and private moments of their lives. Caen's stomach clenched at the name he had just presented her, never before had she felt more loved and blessed. She began to cry, the tears rolling off her cheeks and onto the grass. "How did I ever come to deserve you, Legolas?" Caen said, her voice cracking from the emotion. "How did I ever get so lucky as to still have you?" he replied. His words brought back memories of the times she still lived on Middle Earth, the times that were some of the hardest of her life. "It is not luck, it is the sheer power of will," Caen teased. "You would not have ever let me go," she reminded him. She rested her head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat create the rhythm of his soul. She could feel her own body's heartbeat and noticed for the first time that their hearts beat as one. She smiled into his chest, and whispered softly, "Can you hear that?" "Hear what?" Legolas asked, "The synchronicity of our hearts… it is beautiful. We no longer are two beings, but one." Caen sighed, so content and in the moment that she did not realize that Legolas had flipped her onto her back and was leaning over her again until she was looking up at his face. "We may be one united soul, but we are still two bodies… we should fix that," he suggested with a steaming look. Caen responded by meshing her lips to his, and once again they became one under the gazes of the immortal stars. After a time, Legolas and Caen left the circle, barely able to take their hands off of each other. "Must we join the festivities?" Caen whined. She ran one hand up Legolas' back and he shivered. After taking a deep, centering breath, he replied, "Yes, unfortunately we must at least make an appearance. But…" Legolas stopped then and kissed Caen lazily for a few seconds, "nobody expects us to remain there for long," he added huskily. Caen's eyes flashed as she thought about what the rest of the night would entail. The two of them had already removed the silver rope as it was no longer necessary, but they would treasure the braided cord forever. The two of them felt now even more drugged than they had upon entering the circle, but now they were drunk on their lovemaking, the herbs and potions having mostly worn off already. "That is good," she muttered, "because I have plans for you." Legolas quirked one eyebrow, but did not reply, because they had just stepped into the light of the lanterns. In the gentle light, there was a crowd of elves who were already deep into the barrels of the finest Dorwinion wine that Thranduil could find. The food that had been provided had already been ravaged by the partygoers and the only items left on the tables were the scraps. As Legolas and Caen were illuminated by the lantern lights, the whole crowd let out a great cheer and they were jerked out of each other's embrace and whisked away. Congratulations were shouted at them from left and right, and Caen felt rather dizzy, being washed around like waves between faces she recognized and faces that she didn't. Everyone was having a good time, and she was glad to see that their union, the first one in Valinor since she had arrived, was being so well received. She was embraced and she was congratulated and she eventually found herself deposited at the feet of Elrond and Celebrían. Celebrían folded Caen into her embrace and she whispered, "I'm so proud of you," into her ear. "You've come such a very long way." Caen's eyes misted a little and she hugged her adoptive mother tightly. She felt someone touch her back, and turned to see that Legolas, too, had made his way through the crowd and back to her side. She took his hand and laced their fingers together, knowing with all certainty that they would never be apart again. "You will always be happy together," Elrond said to them with a touch of foresight, leaning forward and kissing Caen's cheek. When he drew back and slipped an arm around his wife, his eyes remained locked with Caen's. The truth and certainty of his statement glowed in his eyes, and Caen felt reassured that everything would be as it should, for evermore. The End.