anymore and besides Alexia seemed to be enjoying herself, Alexia started thrusting her hips down to meet Boromir's needing more of what she was getting, Alexia moaned out something that sounded like a : Boromir faster or Boromir harder. Boromir fully agreeing with her picked her up and bended her over the counter and started thrusting into her from behind holding onto her hips tightly probably leaving marks in the morning, Alexia was holding onto the counter with her arms as she moved her hips back to meet Boromir's thrust's loving the feeling of Boromir being so deep in her, Boromir leaned up over her back and started biting and sucking at her neck loving the taste of her skin and the way she smelled, they were both so close to coming but Boromir didn't want to come yet he hated this position, Boromir pulled out and turned Alexia around grabbing her just before her legs gave out and picked her up wrapping her legs around his waist and just kept thrusting into her trying to keep their orgasm from falling, Alexia had her arms around Boromir's neck trying to hold on as moans of sweet pleads left her mouth, Boromir couldn't hold it anymore he going to come now, Boromir quite breathelessly trying to say but it come out more of a moan : Alexia I im…. Coming. Alexia moaned out a : Me to. And with one last hard thrust they both came at the same time, Boromir had to sit down he could feel his legs beginning to give out, now Boromir truly didn't mean to do it but it just kinda happened he was still coming down from his cloud 9 when he sat Alexia right down on the rest of Aragorn's cake, Alexia made a disgusted face and said Thank you Boromir that was just so romantic to do right after we have sex. Boromir smiled sweetly at her and said I love you. Alexia rolled her eyes but in return said I love you too but now I have to bathe before bed. Boromir's smile turned into a smirk and he said Well then my lady let me help you, you know just to make sure you get cleaned to the fullest. Alexia laughed softly and said Well then what are you waiting for. Boromir quickly picked up all their clothes and then he picked up Alexia carrying her bride style all though the Castle forgetting get to even put pants on to cover himself, and Boromir and Alexia spent the rest of the night and some of the morning catching up with each other. The Next Day Boromir had left Alexia to sleep in to catch up on her sleep while Boromir went to see his King in the dining hall to greet him good morning like he did every morning, but on the other side of the door stood Aragorn and he looked like he was just about to knock, so as quickly as he could he put a finger to his mouth trying to tell Aragorn not to talk, Aragorn stayed quiet until him and Boromir was down the hall way and then just as Aragorn was about to say something Boromir cut him off by screaming I had SEX last night and it was amazing. Aragorn was surprised by that but was also happy his friend was back to his normal happy and over excited self, they were halfway there by now Boromir now over the fact that him had to tell someone but also remembered the mess he made so he was now talking about the city and how far it has gotten since Aragorn has been its ruler, but just as Boromir feared here came Anna the baker lady and she looked pissed, Boromir stood tall and wide trying not to look guilty but was he wasn't doing such a good job at it, Anna now stood in front of Aragorn and as calmly as she could she said My Lord My King I don't know who did it but the kitchen is a complete mess and the cake I made specially for you and Queen Arwen is Destroyed and most of the chocolate sauce and whipped cream is gone as well, and we are pretty sure that someone has also done something very unholy in there. Aragorn looked over at Boromir from the corner of his eye and he was pretty sure that he was trying his hardest not to smile, Aragorn did like his sweets just as much as the next guy but for something like that to happen in the kitchen well he didn't know how he felt about that, Aragorn looked at Anna feeling sorry for her but as kindly as he could he said Anna I promise we will get this problem solved as soon as possible. Anna smiled and said Yes thank you My Lord. So Anna went back to the kitchen to clean up Boromir's and Alexia's mess and as soon as nobody was around Aragorn turned to Boromir and Boromir couldn't stop the smile from forming on his lips and as calming as Aragorn could he asked Boromir please tell me that it wasn't you? Boromir laughed softly and said My Lord I mostest lie to you. Aragorn smiled big and laughed along with him but then something hit him when he left the table to go find Boromir Arwen was eating chocolate covered strawberries, Aragorn stopped laughing and looked at Boromir with a serious face and asked just what did you do with that chocolate? Well there you go my Boromir and OC one shot, there will be one about Alice and Legolas and if 10 or more people want and you have to comment or pm me but if you the readers want I will make a whole book about them from start to finish. Sorry for any miss spells. Comment rate and subscribe. Thanks for reading XD