as the deepest of rock. Normally abhorrent to an Elf raised in woodland and treetop, but now – Even now, the Dwarf meets his gaze solidly, as if to say, Aye, I am here, Elf, as are you. Then Legolas smiles, and the Dwarf is all surly surprise and raised bushy brows and bluster, and Legolas laughs. I must temper this...and in the interlude, perhaps moments like these shall be enough. It is most difficult when the mortals sleep. Like so many little Elflings, they curl into various shapes of dreams and repose; the Hobbits, all in a bunch, clustered in sleep as they are in waking; the Men, at either end of the Hobbits, guardians ever; and the Dwarf, one large boulder-like lump, a great solid shadow in the night. And so he watches them adopt these poses, night after night, and each night it is as a new revelation: they are but children. He knows, of course, they aren't – not to themselves, and not to their respective kindred. But to an Elf! – ah, to an Elf, they are newborn babes, to be cared for and watched over and cherished and – – not cherished too much, for they are mortals. Crouching upon the highest perch he has can find in this vast plain – a pile of rocks no taller than half the height of a Hobbit – he watches over them as a gull the waves hawk its nest, and hears the rolling of far-off waters, and tastes the tang of salt. The Ring-bearer shifts and murmurs in his sleep; the Dwarf snuffles and snores, twice, before subsiding into quiet again. Legolas's skin glows pale gold in the darkness; his eyes glimmer a sharp blue while he skims the minor disturbances of his companions; then returns his gaze to the plains with a quiet shuddering breath. Sometimes he feels so very protective of them – But the deep fright of such attachments is often overlain, anymore, with the Sea. Scarcely is he unaware, at some level, of its presence in his heart. Were he of stronger mind, perhaps he could spite it its tendency to overwhelm even his grief at the Maia's death – but at most, all he can dredge up is a sullen, sad begrudging that he cannot even mourn properly one who deserves such honor. I do mourn Mithrandir! But not enough! I do what I am able! Legolas pulls out a bone-knife and whittles at a fallen branch – anything to make sound. Anything to cover the green-blue smooth wet wild call. Later, the Hobbit Sam blunders into wakefulness, bleary-eyed and not entirely conscious, rubbing his eyes and squinting about. "Peace, friend," Legolas calls softly. He does not look up from his whittling. "Return to sleep." There's a shifting of blankets and a groggy, "Mr. Legolas?" "Aye," he whispers soothingly. The knife scratches a steady rhythm. "Sleep, child." A stretch of silence; the mortification hits Legolas a moment later. "Ah-" he begins hesitantly, knife-hand faltering, and turns to the Hobbit; but finds that, with much sleepy blinking and squirming about, the Hobbit is doing just as he said: returning to sleep. Legolas lets out a long, slow, breath, and watches the Hobbit drift off. When the Dwarf reaches his three-hundred and fortieth breath, he leaps, cat-like, from his pile of stones to wake the ranger for last watch. "You have not taken more than your share again, have you?" the Man asks with a yawn, the hint of a teasing smile overlaying the very real inquiry. It seems simpler, of late, to merely watch the whole night rather than wake those who need the rest more than he does. And why should he not? It does not harm him to go without – he has been accused, more than once and, in truth, with more accuracy than the accuser realizes, of subsisting on little more than sunshine and air – and it is better all around for the company. The Man does not agree. "You must rest, Legolas," he'll say, and the Elf responds always, "I do not need it, Estel. You know this." And the ranger will press his lips just a fraction tighter, and sometimes they'll argue more, but more often they won't. The ranger never says it aloud, but on these occasions, Legolas knows the Man feels the Sea hanging over both their heads. And in his eyes the caring accusation You used to rest more, before. And: Why didn't you shoot it? "Do not worry," Legolas responds evenly this night, "I have counted the Dwarf's breaths accurately." The Man gives him a strange look, then shakes his head, amused. "Estel?" "You are quite the Elf, Legolas. Sometimes, I forget." Legolas raises a single, elegant brow, and the ranger laughs. "There," he chuckles, "That's exactly it." The ranger grins, reaching out to pat his shoulder as he moves to take watch; Legolas almost sidesteps, not sure why it's hard to bear the touch of a friend anymore – but knowing it hurts them both when he gives in to the urge, he stays his ground, and even smiles a little at the warm look in the ranger's eyes. Still – once he's settled into a pose of feigned open-eyed repose, back to the Man and Sea-breeze ghosting through his hair – still, it takes Legolas a moment to realize the source of his friend's amusement: the counting. But how else, when the night passes so quickly to one used to the passing of days like blinks of an eye, shall he keep track of the passing of mortal hours, than by the counting of mortal breaths? Sixteen Dwarf-breaths later, Legolas gives up pretenses of sleep, picks up his stick, and begins to whittle. The ranger glances at him, once, and frowns, faintly; but all Legolas can see is a moonlit tide over eggshell-pale sand, cresting and receding, cresting and receding, and rising and cresting and never, never receding.