speak when he wished to. "To lose you, and to lose our future children to the fate of my brother. I cannot…I could not survive such a loss again." He admitted softly. "I do not deserve your love. To have you suffer the choice bestowed on me and my descendants." "I love you, and for now nothing else matters. If our children will choose the same fate as your brother than we will face it together." She promised. "What if that day comes and you shall resent me forever. It will be different when you hold our child in your arms and know that the possibility is there." "I will never resent you, silly Peredhel." She embraced him tightly, and sighed contently when she felt his arms wrap around her. Her heart soared with love for this man who had stolen her heart all those years ago. "Let us look forward to our future. I wish to marry you Elrond, and I wish to have your children, and build our life together." "We have waited too long." He murmured ruefully. Her arms wrapped around his neck, her face merely inches from his. "Yes, but for good reasons. Soon our wait will end." She kissed him softly on the lips, a sensation that still caused butterflies to flutter in her stomach. How often had she wished to kiss those lips, to feel the touch of his strong, yet gentle hands. She felt his hot breath in her ear. "Soon." He promised. "I love you." She breathed before claiming his lips once more. Neither of them noticed that the snow had stopped falling, the sky behind them fading from dark to light blue, the sun just by the horizon. "I think we have to continue, lest a certain friend of ours will have our hides for straying too long from our company." "He can wait." Elrond growled, causing Celebrían to giggle. "No, my love. Come." She took his hand in his, and attempted to drag him with her, but he wouldn't budge. "Come now Elrond. You are acting rather childish." Elrond raised his eyebrows, a certain gleam lighting his eyes. Celebrían wondered what he was up to when she saw a snowball head right over her head. Too late to react a pile of snow landed right on top of her head. "Elrond." She cried out, though she couldn't quite contain her smile. Crouching down she gathered snow in her hands, compressing it tightly between her hands then she carefully aimed it to Elrond's head. He managed to duck away, his reflexes quick and agile. "I'll get you for that." He warned her, and before she knew it he had tackled her onto the ground, snow flying in their wake. Elrond landed on top of Celebrían, his fingers tickling her sides. "Ah, Elrond you brute. Stop it." She pushed him off. She began to stand up, but before she managed the demanding task of gathering her wet skirts before rising, she felt two strong arms wrap around her and pull her back in the snow. She landed right on top of Elrond, his arms wrapped tightly around her, pinning her in place. Her breathing hitched in her throat when she realized how inappropriate their position was. "Ah, you don't like the snow, my love?" Elrond's voice came close to her ear. She shivered under his touch, her blue eyes meeting his grey ones. Sometimes it seemed as if he held the secret to the world, and she wished to unlock it, to see what he saw, to feel what he felt. His hair fell around him like halo, the dark strands contrasting against the white snow. She marveled how beautiful he looked, even more so in the snow, or so she thought. "What are you thinking about?" He said softly. She smirked, her hand trailing a strand of hair between her fingers. "Hmm, my dream prince." "Oh?" He raised an eyebrow. "Oh yes. He is charming, handsome, strong, and does not push poor maidens like me into the wet snow." "I see, and what is the name of this charming ellon?" She smiled, her eyes drifting up thinking of some silly name for her imagined prince. "Umm…" "What are you two doing?" Two heads snapped up where Glorfindel stood with hands on his hips. "I thought you needed privacy to talk, not to partake in such an inappropriate endeavor, unfitting for people of your status. What have you to say for yourselves?" A faint blush rose on their cheeks. Celebrían felt Elrond's hand loosen around her, and she quickly rose up and adjusted her robes. "I apologize Glorfindel." "You are absolutely right, we should not have acted so inappropriately." Glorfindel could barely contain his smile as his friends stood there, completely disheveled and a bit ashamed before him. He shook his head and gestured for them to follow him. They joined the rest of their company; Elrond and Celebrían a bit red faced, though their eyes betrayed their happiness. The sun rose behind them, bathing the sky with a glow of orange and red. "The sun has risen." Glorfindel said at last. "And once again it has defeated the darkness." Elrond's gaze fell on Celebrían who met his gaze curiously, her eyes shining brightly, her love for him unmistakable. "Yes it has." He murmured softly. The End * Names: Ælfric : Is an Anglo-Saxon name. Ælf simply means "elf" and fric "power, rule". Frieda: Frieda is an old Germanic name, though different variations can be found in Scandinavian countries. Either means peace or beautiful/fair. Siegmund : Is a German variant of Sigmund. In Old Norse Sieg means "victory" and mund "protector". Gudrun: From the Old Norse name Guðrún it means "god's secret lore". The name is famous in Norse Mythology. Guðrún was married to Sigurður Fáfnisbani. For those of you who know Tolkien's writings might know that he wrote the Legend of Sigurd and Gudrun, which was inspired by the poetic Edda.