steady. "I feel fine.". Aragorn rolled his eyes and stole another glance at the wound as the elf arched slightly in pain. Aragorn chuckled, but the laugh held little humor. "You were never a good liar . " Legolas snorted weakly, "'m better then you." The elf emitted labored breath as Aragorn pressed a cloth to the wound, "Truthfully, 's already starting to numb." Aragorn nodded hesitantly in acceptance of the answer. "There was an urgency in your eyes back there I had not seen in a long time," the Ranger lowered his voice, "Tell me, what of those creatures disturbed you so much?" Legolas remained silent for a moment, as if unsure whether to open his heart to the ranger, though he had done it before. It was simply against his nature to discuss his emotions with others. The elf eventually sighed, however, making his decision. "I was disturbed simply because I had no knowledge of what they were or what they were capable of." Legolas lowered his head, "I was wrong to react in that way." Aragorn nodded and did not ask for further explaination, for he understood completely. As an immortal, the elf had seen his fair share of creatures in his lifetime. In fact, there were few in existance which he had not come across at some point in his travels. It was an extremely rare occurance when he was faced with something he was not at least slightly familier with, and with lack of knowledge came weakness. Weakness, to Legolas, was not an option. Aragorn knit his brows together as he examined the parted flesh, "The wound is bleeding less than I'd anticipated." vocalized the Ranger in awe, "I don't think I've ever seen Elvish healing put to work this fast." Legolas sighed, "Good, we cannot delay merely because I've been-" he grunted quietly as Aragorn began to tightly wrap the wound, "-nipped by a parasite." Aragorn smiled, "We are lucky this is just a flesh wound, a bit further and there could have been serious damage to your spine. Now, let us venture into the forest and set up camp. Will you be able to walk? I'd say it'll be another three or four leagues before we can stop to set up camp again." Legolas waved him off, "-m fine, Estel. T'is almost completely numb now. As you said, 's merely a scratch." Aragorn rolled his eyes as he fastened the bandage around the elf's torso, ' I definately did not say that.' he thought silently. The journey through the forest was peaceful, much more so than the chasm had been. The trees were plentiful but there was little underbrush to pick through, so their progress was made quickly. Quiet conversation travelled through the company, their topics ranging from stories of their homelands to the best way to roast a duck. Aragorn had even involved himself in a bit of the discussion, but other than that he kept a close eye on their surroundings, knowing their usual lookout would not be at his full capabilities. They had been traveling for about an hour Aragorn speculated, by the movement of the moon, when a soft whisper made him question if perhaps his ears were faulty or the journey was just beginning to get to him. The Ranger waved it off and and continued to stride forward when the sound was emitted once more, a bit louder and clear to Aragorn's ears. " Estel..." The ranger turned, sure that he'd heard correctly this time and his eyes instantly bugged at the sight of the young elf trailing wearily behind the group. One by one, the company turned to find the source of Aragorn's bewilderment, and were each subjected to the same as they took in the sight before them. Half lidded azure eyes seeped twin tears of blood that painted stark crimson trails on his ashen cheeks. His upper lip was stained red from the liquid which streamed also from his nose. Aragorn could scarcely believe his friend was still standing, had it not been for that, he may have believed the archer dead solely from the paleness of his skin and dark circles beneath his eyes. A drop of blood slithered quickly through his lips as he parted them to speak, his words badly slurred. "I do not... feelsowell..." Aragorn heard the pained words of his friend and watched, dumbfounded, as he swayed dangerously on his feet, gaining his wits just in time to catch Legolas before he toppled completely. Legolas was vaguely aware of concerned face of the ranger that hovered above him, but he could do nothing to halt the progress of the darkness that tugged on his consciousness. His lips parted as if to speak, then closed as what was left of his strength seeped quickly from his body and he fell limp in Aragorn's arms. Shadow quickly closed in on his vision and the elf knew no more than darkness. A/N: AHH CLICHE OVERUSED ENDING TIME! So, whachya think? For 4000 words, man, you'd better like it. (Just kidding, you're allowed to not like it.) The first chapter is always the hardest, in my not-so-humble opinion, and I'm not very confident with this one, so opinions and constructive criticism is appreciated. Not a whole lot of contribution from the rest of the group in this chapter, but I promise you will here more from the rest of the Fellowship soon. Also, just a warning, I plan to be very mean to Leggy in this fic... what can I say? It's what I do. I also apologize for any OOC-ness that may be present, I'm a LOTR noob for the most part and am still trying to weed it out. See that little button below? Yup, right... Nope, to your left... Your other left... Up a little... Ye-, nope, down a little. RIGHT THERE, STOP. Yeah, that is the review button. It's the button that turns you into my new best friend.