was no doubt able to piss down people's backs and make them believe it was raining. "One good turn deserves another." Opening the tap, Éowyn started to wash her hands. "I trust him and never cast as much as a single glance at what he writes to Aldburg and he satisfied my curiosity, though there still are many things he did not really understand himself and therefore could not explain properly." The farmer snorted. "Curiosity! And now you want me to believe that that's the reason why the three of you turn up here? That you just came along for curiosity's sake?" Reaching for the soap, Lothíriel shrugged. "I know it killed the cat, but so what? Our husbands are on an inspection trip in South Ithilien. Do you expect us to sit at home, dutifully waiting for their return?" "Where is your husband, by the way? I would really like to come to know him." Gelíris' voice was low and smooth, causing the farmer to clench her teeth. Why had she written that dratted princess as such a tempting and intelligent woman? For a split second she thought about adding a huge furuncle to Gelíris' nose or, even worse, to saddle her with a stupid giggle. Walking back to the kitchen, she said as detached as possible: "He went to visit some relatives and won't be back until tomorrow," adding in her mind: "When you hopefully will be gone again." Shaking her head about her thoughts, the farmer put the bottle with the home-made raspberry liqueur and some shot glasses on the table and went to fetch the biscuit tin that held her shortbread. She had bid them enter her house, so a "welcome cup" and some treats were certainly due. And they certainly were a success. Cursing her own vanity, after the fulsome praise the beverage had received, the farmer could not but top up the glasses and pass the tin around for a second time. Lothíriel sighed. "That much at least my husband told me, that he had found your food and drinks some of the best he had tasted in his life." Knocking back her second liqueur, Éowyn nodded. "Winfrid told me Éomer had truly been delighted." Motioning to the table, where three loaves of crusty bread were cooling now, she continued. "The scenes really match. Your husband had been taking the fresh loaves out of the oven then, and he made his guests sit down once he learned that they had come for you and offered them bread and beer." The farmer put down the bottle with a thud. "He did. And your brother had nothing better to do than to abuse my husband's hospitality. The poor man didn't know who they were, could not understand them, save for the fact that they had come to see me, but he made them comfortable, gave them food and drink, hot water, dry clothes and a bed, only to be tricked by that bloody git of a King of the Mark into signing a written contract he could not even read. That was simply indecent." Lothíriel had the grace to blush. "I know it was. But please consider that Éomer got the idea for that contract when he was already rather drunk." She grimaced, raising her hands apologetically. "I don't know what they drank, for neither he nor Éothain remembered having drunk anything like that before, but it must have been uncommonly potent." The farmer grunted. "It was rum. My best, a special treat for Yule. And quite luckily I had only bought three bottles or they would have drunk themselves into a stupor. But be that as it may. I think you can understand that such behaviour doesn't endear any visitors." "We certainly can, mistress Thanwen. And I assure you that we do not intend to pilfer your stores." Gelíris' attempt to soothe the farmer's ruffled feathers by showing polite understanding immediately came to naught by Éowyn, who, stuffing her mouth with a second shortbread-finger, already reached for a third one. "Delicious. Winfrid had been going on about these butter-cakes, and they truly deserve his praise." She gave the farmer a wide grin. "He told me that he nearly drowned in the slobber of that huge black dog of yours as soon as he had been given the cake box by your husband." For a split second, a frown appeared on Éowyn's face. "Where is that dog, by the way?" The farmer shrugged. "Died last spring, being almost fourteen years. A really blessed age for a dog that size." "Still it's a pity. Winfrid was simply smitten by her. Ebba it was, wasn't it? Blimey, these cakes are addictive." Totally unabashed, Éowyn reached for another helping. The farmer fought to keep her mien casual. This was getting dangerous: If this really was the challenge she thought it to be, and what was more, if she wanted to accept it, she needed her mind to be alert, not bleared and distracted by talk about that good old dog she still missed so much, and the praise of the foodstuffs she had made. She had better find out what exactly the three women had turned up for and then get rid of them before they could influence her. Setting the alarm-clock for the pies, she went directly for it. "Now girls, let's put the pleasantries aside and start talking business: What exactly do you want?" Annotations: verdoori: (Plattdeutsch/Low German) damned no(ch)mal: (Plattdeutsch/Low German) again It actually means something like "twice cursed". terp: artificial mound or hillock, built to keep people, buildings and livestock from drowning at storm tides before the first dykes were built along the coast of the North Sea Frea Fresena: (East-Frisian) free Frisians A big THANK YOU! goes to the ladies of the "Garden" for their support and especially to Lady Bluejay who helped me as a beta- reader and killed the worst of my Germanisms. Any that are still there are my own. ;)