of healthcare for the orcs and such. They would probably also nick him for animal abuse with the wargs. "No," he began; but Eomer was still speaking. "Now, maybe if this is all a mistake... I mean, maybe you're just running a home for orphans. Orphaned orc children, elf, human, hobbit, dwarf... I mean, don't be racist. Ooh, that's another thing they might get after you for. Looks like you have a massive number of orcs in your employ, but almost nobody else. Hmm." Sauron made another protest, but again Eomer cut him off. "I think it should be about another ten minutes before they get here. Just enough time to put a sign up, eh? Maybe something like "The Mordor Home for Orphaned Orc, Elf, Dwarf, Hobbit, and Human Children." You should put it up on the gates so it's visible." Sauron checked his watch and turned to his lieutenants. "Nice place, Sauron," Aule nodded, surveying the orcs in aprons bustling little orclings around. "I'm glad you took a hint from Melkor and didn't become a mini-Morgoth or something. Orphan's home. Good business. Glad you're into it." Sauron shook his head up and down silently. "Well, we're going to take care of those trolls for you. Public indecency! I guess with trolls you can expect it, but still. I can't see how people think that wandering around in a loincloth is appropriate – and the female trolls, too! People these days... Alright then, I'll be seeing you around man. Have to get back before dinner or the wife will throw the frying pan at me again. I need to start making her softer pans. Good seeing you." Finally, Eomer collapsed into his bed in Edoras. It had been an exhausting trip. And of course he couldn't come straight home. No, first he had to attend Aragorn's stupid wedding (during which Elrond had completely failed to apologize to Frodo and Sam for sending them off with poor information). Then he had a fight with his sister over whether she was going to stay in Gondor with Faramir or come back to Rohan. She had opted to stay with Faramir, but Eomer had insisted that she live in Minas Tirith in her own apartment and have a chaperon if she went out anywhere with Faramir – he promised that he would personally return and cart her back off to Rohan if he heard any rumors about them staying over at one anothers' houses for more than ten minutes at a time – especially if it was night. But finally, he was able to get back to Edoras and his recovering cousin. Theodred would do nothing but sit up in bed, drink soup, and make snide comments. Eomer had only thrown three books at the ill prince. Three months later, co-king of Rohan Eomer was proud that Sauron had not gone back to his evil ways. The Mordor Home for Orphaned Orc, Elf, Dwarf, Hobbit, and Human Children was prospering and Mount Doom was blockaded off in accordance with child safety laws. Shelob had turned to making colorful quilts for the multitude of kids; this seemed to bring out her motherly side and she would frequently tell groups of them stories from the early days of Middle-Earth when her siblings terrorized kingdoms and slaughtered heroes. They ate it up. The trolls had all been issued trench coats and were in the business of picking the burned potato chips out in the Moria Potato Chip factory. The hobbits had all gone home and were engaged in the music industry; screamo and heavy metal, mostly. Overall, peace had descended on Middle-Earth. Until Aragorn (who had discovered a huge amount of respect for the younger of the co-kings of Rohan after his showdown with the Dark Lord) called. "Eomer," he sounded breathless as if he'd just finished his daily route of all the staircases in Minas Tirith, "You've got to help!" Eomer heaved a martyred sigh and sent a silent prayer off that it wasn't just another problem with Arwen complaining about not having a "real" palace to live in. "Ye-" Aragorn cut him off. "There is a large gray battle tank sitting on the Pelenor fields." His voice had sunk to a whisper. Then, "MY GOD! IT TURNED INTO A THIRTY FOOT TALL ROBOT AND IT HAS WHAT LOOKS TO BE A VERY LARGE WEAPON!" Eomer held the phone away from his ear. "Hang on, I'll be right over. Just sit tight. I can handle this." He hung up and called out the window, "Optimus, Megatron just appeared in Gondor and he's scaring Aragorn again." As he buckled his seat-belt, Eomer reflected that if he hadn't nipped Aragorn's suicide mission in the bud, he wouldn't be in the position of having to be Superman to the king of Gondor's Damsel in Distress. Maybe he should have let Aragorn go ahead. Maybe they would have lived after all. Maybe Elrond's information hadn't been faulty. Maybe... would Sauron really have just blown up if Frodo had dropped the Ring in the volcano? But now he would never know. *kaff kaff* Yes, this is just some weirdness. No, it's not really supposed to make a whole lot of sense. Everything I do seems to be merely on one level of nonsensibility or another, I suppose. I didn't even do much editing... And Asfaloth, if you have the misfortune to read this, I'm sorry. I don't think it came out as awesome as you were hoping XD Just a whole bunch weirder. And Eomer didn't actually fight with the toothpick. And I forgot to mention anything about the Palmer House. But he did change his ways...! To reiterate: this is NOT a literary masterpiece, nor is it meant to be. I'm also pretty sure I've made some spelling errors I failed to correct cos I couldn't be bothered to look up all the spellings and spellcheck wasn't a help. Per usual. Yep, so continue on with your life!