the boughs of Mirkwood without accompaniment." Celebrian's voice pierced the air, and all turned to her. "Let them go, for certain they need to see how different the peoples can be. And if Elly is meant to go then I will not send her alone." "I agree with both sides." Elrond confirmed and Celebrian moved to stand behind her husband's chair. "I will allow you to go, but you must stay with your aunt and not venture unaided into Mirkwood. You must also be on your guard, for I am wary of the King, and doubly of his two sons." Elrond's voice was stern and the three nodded quickly. "I know not how they turned out, but if they are anything like their father then they are not to be trusted. Your aunt will keep you safe, and you must stay with her." "Of course, father. We'll be perfectly safe." Arwen said, smiling gently. At this Elly appeared in the doorway to the library and entered. "Sister!" Celebrian greeted, walking over to embrace her warrior sister. They hugged briefly before Elly fixed her tired gaze on Elrond. Dinendal entered and bowed the greeting to his superiors, standing off to the side. "You will attend this festival, and you will be most careful with my children." Elrond said to his spirited sister-in-law. She nodded and he smirked. "Your mother must not be pleased with this." "Do not presume my thoughts, Elrond." The eerily chilling voice of Galadriel cut the air and the company turned to see her in the doorway. "This festival will be good for our children, all of them. For some things of the world are beyond even us to prevent." The company tensed in silent agreement, all save for the four youngest. "We leave tomorrow morning, by horse." Elly confirmed and the other three nodded. They left then to prepare, gliding past their relatives and her gaze fell a bit. She turned her gaze on Elrond. "You all know this will begin the motions to bring the world to its brink." They made no movement, save Celebrian who walked to her baby sister. Her hands cupped the younger woman's face, her eyes tracing over her mortal ears and slight body, and her heart reaching out to her. "My sister, we simply want you to be happy. We desire that you will release the pain and guilt that plagues your heart and mind." Her voice calmed Elly's fears and she nodded, pulling away and walking out. "I'll return in a month. I'll keep them safe." She whispered as she turned the corner away from them, but they smelled the salt that ran down her cheeks. Dinendal winced in pain and bowed before leaving. "You send her to find him, don't you?" Elrond said and Galadriel flicked her gaze to him. "There is a soul in Mirkwood we were asked to protect, is now the time to bring him back? Is this right? Risking her life for a child that may well hate us, been poisoned by his father?" "It is not a matter of right," Celeborn breathed, "it's a matter of what must be." "He speaks truly. Fear not, Elrond, this is the beginning of our end. They must only meet for us to know what the fate of the world is to be." Galadriel smiled and floated away on those words, Celeborn following swiftly. "What troubles you love? Are you so fearful of Thranduil's hatred?" Celebrian's perfect blue eyes bored into him. Elrond frowned. "I am fearful of what will come of this, I fear for Arwen. We know what her fate will be if our hearts prove right." He said and she smiled gently. She touched his cheek and closed her eyes. "Her fate is to be happy, my love. Do not let worries of what is to come trouble you, for now we are blessedly free of darkness. Just rejoice in what we have." She said and he wrapped her hand in his. "Of course, my love. Let us simply be." She nodded and the two walked from the library. Meanwhile, in a high room that overlooked the whole of Lorien, the young princess sighed. Elly, fingered her headdress and stared into the jewel that swirled with every color. It was a seeing stone, a piece of one, and in it she could see all that was to come. All she saw now though, despite her efforts, was perfect crystal blue. Her mind was torrid with worry, and it was in this state she fell into her bed and slipped into a waking dream, salt treks leaking down her moonlit alabaster cheeks. Meanwhile her parents walked about their land, their hearts aching for their youngest daughter whom they loved like their own. Galadriel looked out upon her kingdom and pressed her lips into a thin line. "Do you foresee evil in this choice?" She asked and Celeborn shook his head. "I foresee pain, and loss, and above all danger; but no evil is in this choice, save the evils of a treacherous heart that knows not of love." He looked to his mate who saw nothing but the future of her daughter. "She will survive, but until she finds what we have she will never be complete. She lacks the fire she once had, the fire of life and desire, and we must see it restored. I cannot watch her suffer in silence any longer." "I know." Galadriel breathed, drawing a face into her mind. "I only hope Lothnimiel's son will be capable of doing so." Her head tilted and she looked past the immediate future into the distance. "I only hope he will know what he feels when it finds him, and I hope our Rose will not run in fear of more pain. I cannot foresee what will happen, but if all goes according to plan, it will end well." "And on that hope we will ride." Celeborn affirmed, and then led Galadriel away.