Thranduil, king of Mirkwood and wondered why the king was crying. All of me Looking over towards his right, he noticed another bed, holding Legolas. He had been cleaned of all the grime, and the full extent of his injuries was revealed, making Aragorn wince. How could Legolas have survived this? However, it didn't matter, because he had. Ignoring the surprising pain he felt as he got up, he walked over to the bed housing Legolas. The Elf was still unconcious, and he grabbed his hand, rubbing his thumb over the smooth skin, soothingly. "I did promise you, gwador nin ." He was shocked when the hand suddenly squeezed back. I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone "Y-Yes... you did, Estel... good... job..." Legolas smiled weakly up at Aragorn, "Hannon lle, gwador nin, hannon lle..." He nodded his head, approvingly. Aragorn beamed, leaning over to scoop Legolas into a hug, "Of of course, you silly Elf! Never have I broken a promise to you! Never !" Legolas continued to smile, before he frowned, hearing his father sob. "Estel... I think my father and Lord Elrond believe me dead..." Aragorn's expression featured shock, "How? You are alive and on the road to recovery!" He cried out, shocked. "I know that... but I believe they don't..." Legolas and Aragorn looked towards the door as King Thranduil, Lord Elrond and Lady Galadriel entered the room. But though you're still with me They all had tears in their eyes, and King Thranduil had to turn away as sobs erupted on top of sobs in the Elvenking's chest. "MY SON! MY SON! THAT'S MY SON, LEGOLAS!" With a loss of pride, the king ran forward and pushed Aragorn out of the way to get to Legolas. Legolas screamed as Aragorn's hand was ripped from his. Shooting up to his feet, Aragorn pushed the king back just as coldly, glaring as he turned a tender gaze to Legolas, stroking his hair back. Thranduil fixed Aragorn a mixtured glare of anger and confusion as tears ran down his face. I've been alone all along "Aragorn!" Elrond snapped, making the ranger turn towards the Elf-Lord, "Let Thranduil have a moment with Legolas before the funeral! I cannot believe you did something that disrespectful!" Aragorn had always been respectful towards almost everyone . That was out of chatacter for his son. Aragorn fixed Elrond with a frown of confusion, "Funeral? Who died?" He asked, tightening his grip on Legolas' hand, which he believed squeezed back. "Legolas isn't dead!" When you'd cried I'd wipe away all of your tears Thranduil, full of anger and confusion just a second ago, screamed in anguish, "YOU DAMN LIAR, YOU LIE!" He raised an accusing finger towards Aragorn, "YOU KILLED MY SON! YOU KILLED HIM! HE WAS CAPTURED BECAUSE OF YOU!" Aragorn's eyes widened in horror. "YOU KILLED HIM! HE'S DEAD AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!" "No..." Aragorn's eyes darted around nervously as reality and fantasty melted together, visions of Legolas sharing his look of horror, and the still chest of his friend swam before him. "NO!" He cried, cluthing his friend's hand to a breaking point, but it didn't squeeze back reassuringly this time. "NOOOOOOO!" He yelled, crashing to his knees as pain in his head exploded and his head was cushioned against Legolas' chest as sobs escaped his throat. His temples throbbed as fantasty finally broke, blinding him with a flash for a moment, before reality set it's course in his mind. When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears "No..." He spoke weakly, brushing his trembling fingers against Legolas' gray face. No breathes came from the Elf's chest, and his face was etched in permentant pain. It was true, the Elf he loved like a brother, was dead. ' YOU KILLED MY SON! IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!' Those yells of rightful accusion danced through his head. With his spare hand that wasn't brushing the Elf's cool cheek, brought a hand up to his side to find a large amount of blood leaking through a bandage around his middle. Had he been cut just before Haldir and his men had killed the Orcs? Had one of the skillful archers hit him accidentally? He couldn't tell truth from fantasy anymore. And I held your hand through all of these years Burying his face in Legolas' still chest, sobs more violent than Thranduil's and tremors that shook even the still body of Legolas racked Aragorn. He brushed his fingers all over the Elf's face, before resting against the pulse-point of the Elf's neck. To break his heart even further, he found no pulse. "No... no, no, no, no, no, no, no, NO !" Aragorn yelled in wrath. That was the last thing he had done, just before the last of his strength was spent, and death took Aragorn as well. But you still have With a flash of bright, white light, Aragorn groaned, blinking his eyes. Immediately, they focused on Legolas' sad face, and the brightness around them. Latching onto Legolas' hand, which stroked the side of his face, and finding it solid, Aragorn thought they were both alive, momentarily, before he noticed Mandos, Erse and Nienna, staring down at the pair of them sadly. They had both died, but trying to find the possitive outlook, and decided it was at least good to be here with Legolas with a immortal life for both of them with no more pain, but only happiness for the both of them. All of me A/n: The reference of the Valar blessing Legolas is a story I will write after I finish Mental Battle and/or Revived. For the happy ending version to this story, come back when I update :P also, I MEANT to make these paragraphs long. Sorry if that made it hard to read. So.. I guess it was a happy ending kinda, too, because they're in a place were they'll always be happy and painless... but their dead... uhhh O.o