waiting for them. The policeman stopped the car. Thranduil got out, the money in a suitcase under his arm. He strode boldly over to the men. "Here's the money,let the boys go." "Show us." the men said together. Thranduil opened the case to show them. "Let them go." he grated. The men shrugged, opened the back of the van and pulled out Strider, Gimli and Pippin. "Where's my son?" Thranduil asked angrilly. The bigger man smiled under his mask. "You'll get him when we get out of the country, you will receive instructions in a few days time to tell you where to find him." Thranduil began to lose his temper, if it hadn't been for Elrond catching hold of his arm he would have throttled the man right there. The men laughed, took the money, got into the van and drove off. Little known to the kidnappers they were being followed by the park rangers, who were in turn being followed by a very pissed off and frightened father. In the clearing the Took's hugged their little son close, crying all the while. Elrond led Strider and Gimli over to the little car, sitting them inside, he looked worridly after Thranduils car, shaking his head he got into the front of the car. "We should take the boys for a check up at the hospital." he called to Pippins parents, who nodded, getting into the car. Elrond prayed for Thranduils sake that Legolas was still alive. Thranduil sat angrily half out of his car, waiting for the police, who had disappeared down the mine shaft after the kidnappers. He needed to be down there, it would frighten Legolas if all these men burst in on him suddenly. Finally he had become fed up of waiting, wanting to put his inital fear that Legolas was dead to rest, he entered the mine shaft. The rangers and police were surprised to see him and looked it, they were trying to make the men tell them where Legolas was. "May I?" Thranduil asked. The police man nodded, he was having no luck. Without the mask the kidnapper looked frightened as Thranduil approached. "I have only one question to ask-where the fuck are you son's of bitches hiding my son?!" "In there." the man said, cowering back. A ranger picked up a set of keys and tried them on the heavy steel door, eventually getting it open. It was pitch black inside the room. The ranger found the light and switched it on. Inside, somewhere to the back, came a whimper. An officer took the keys from the ranger and went inside, approaching the boy at the back, slowly so as not to frighten him. Thranduil was pushing forward to the room. "Mr. Greenleaf, if you would-" a police man said, holding him back. "Daddy!" Legolas screamed from inside. Thranduil roughly pushed the man aside and stormed into the room. The police man had come back over to the door. Thranduil snatched the keys off him. "Please wait outside." he said politely." The man nodded and left, standing at the door with the others. Legolas had curled himself into a ball in the furthest corner from the door. His hand (still handcuffed) wrapped about his knee's. From the handcuffs a chain was attached, which was bolted into the wall. "Daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy..." Legolas repeated, over and over again. Thranduil was heartbroken. "Lee." he whispered softly. Hazel eyes were raised, that was a voice he had not heard in a long time. "Daddy?" he whispered back, half expecting to get hit. Thranduil's eyes filled with tears. "Yes Lee, it's me, daddy." Legolas worried his lower lip for a moment, before suddenly launching himself at his father. Thranduil hugged him tightly, before slowly pushing him away. Legolas obviously didn't want to let go, he clung more tightly to Thranduil. "shh, Lee, it's alright, I'm just going to take off these chains, and we can go home, what do you say to that?" Legolas nodded into his fathers shoulder, allowing himself to be pushed back. Thranduil unclipped the chain, it clattered to the floor. Legolas's eyes widened fearfully and he crouched back. Thranduil cursed. "It's OK Lee, It's all right." he soothed. "Give me your hands and we'll get those cuffs off you." Legolas continued to look fearful, but stretched out his arms. Thranduil unlocked the cuffs, and too them off his son, putting them carefully on the ground, he winched at the sight of his son's cut and bloody wrists. Thranduil got to his feet, Legolas watched him carefully. "Lee, can I carry you to the car?" Legolas glanced over to the door, but by then there was no one there, the rangers and police ha disappeared. Legolas swallowed and nodded. Thranduil bent and carefully lifted him up, feeling Legolas burrow his head into his shoulder. Thranduil walked quickly out into the main room. A young officer stood out side an open door, he had thrown up. Inside cameras flashed, in his arms, Legolas let out a small whimper, clinging tightly to his fathers shirt. Thranduil looked disgustedly at the room, he knew what had gone on in there. He whisked his child outside and to the car, only to encounter a problem, how was he to get into the vehicle? "May I help?" the young officer from inside asked. Legolas cringed back away from him. Thranduil tightened his hold reassured. "You wouldn't open the door for me?" The young man smiled and did so. "If you like I'll drive you to the hospital." "Would you?" Thranduil had finally gotten himself inside. The officer smiled again, closed the door softly and proceeded to get in the drivers seat, started up the engine, and with a wave to another officer he proceeded to drive them to the hospital. Thranduil finally sighed in relief, and stroked his son's hair, sending him into, if fitful, the most peaceful sleep he had had in days. THE END