not a gift but a loan. I expect you to return it to me." Glóin wrapped his free arm around her waist and pulled her close, pressing his lips against hers in a bruising kiss. "Always," he whispered. Her arms came up around his neck, and she kissed him back, breaking away only when lack of air became a concern. "We may not understand the devilry we face," she murmured, "but we can still take steps to thwart it. We are Heirs of Durin. We will find a way." He nodded and held her tightly for a moment more. Reluctantly, he lowered his arms and stepped back. She also moved away, the wind catching her black locks and waving them about her head. Setting his face, Glóin gave her a courtly bow before taking the pony's lead rope and moving to join the rest of the dwarves. His timing was good. Dáin had just come forth to wish them well and see them off on their journey. Dwalin and Gimli stood beside the king, and Glóin made his way toward them. "What is that?" Gimli asked, eyeing the contraption on Glóin's arm. "Something from your mother," Glóin said. "Ah. You will have to show it to me when we stop for the night." "And you will have to show it to me when you return," Dwalin said. He sighed. "I wish I was coming with you. This feels too much like…" He trailed off and looked away. "Too much like when Óin and Balin left," Glóin said quietly. He rested a hand on his cousin's shoulder. "We go not to Khazad-dûm, Dwalin. We go to Rivendell by way of the High Pass." "And by way of Mirkwood." "You saw Thranduil's missive last week. The elves will keep the eastern roads until the harvest." "You are not likely to return until after the harvest," Dwalin said. "I have an entire party of dwarves with me, and I have my son," Glóin said. "He has traveled these roads more than anyone. We will be safe." A shadow crossed Dwalin's face, and he shook his head. "Do not speak in certainties. There are none in these dark times." "All the more reason to speak in them, for then we strive to make them certain," Glóin returned. He looked to his right as Dáin came up, clapping a hand on his back. "You have everything you need?" the king asked. He stared at the shield on Gimli's arm. "What is that?" "My wife's means of confounding Mordor's rider." Dáin nodded slowly. "You will have to tell me how it fares." "I pray I will not find out." "As do I. You have my message to Elrond?" Glóin indicated the pack on his back. "It is safe. And should we fail to make Rivendell, I will see it does not fall into our enemy's hands." "See that you keep yourself from falling into our enemy's hands." Dáin's words were heavy, and he looked out over the departing dwarves. Glóin looked with him. They were a small party, large enough for defense but not large enough to attract undue attention on the road. Or so they hoped. At length, Dwalin turned back to Glóin and held out his hand. Glóin clasped it firmly. "Mahal guard your way, kinsman," Dáin said, his face grave. "Swift journey." They said nothing more. Indeed, what more could be said? Theirs was a bitter gamble. A last cry for aid and understanding. Glóin was reminded of the day they set out on the journey to slay Smaug. There had been little hope in that quest, and though successful, they had lost the last Heirs of Thrór's line. Looking over as Gimli mounted his own pony, Glóin shuddered. He had not allowed his son on that venture. There was little he could say now, though, for his son was a dwarf full-grown and far-traveled. But what use was that against the terror they faced? He hefted his wife's shield on his arm. What use was any of it? As though sensing his thoughts, Gimli looked over at him. His keen eyes lingered long on Glóin's face. Then the younger dwarf turned away and pressed his knees to the sides of his pony. The procession began with Gimli in the lead. It was not as Glóin had planned it, but then, nothing was. He feared nothing would be on this journey. Glóin looked at the faces of those around him, hoping for a gleaming of hope. They were frightened. Determined. Resolute. Familiar. Family. Faint echoes of those who had come before sounded in Glóin's heart. The dwarves had not always understood what they faced. Nor had they always been victorious in their ventures. But no matter the threat, Durin's sons had always faced it together. Glóin smiled grimly. He may not have hope, but he had heritage and comfort. For now, it was enough. -0-0-0-0-0- Hamlet: There's a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them how we will— Horatio: That is most certain. (Hamlet—Act 5 Scene 2) -0-0-0-0-0- Author's Notes: It's been a while since I've posted anything. My apologies to all. I can only say that RL has been unforgiving in its pace. Rewarding, but busy. There are still things (including my WIPs) that I'm working on, but a snail would probably lap me at this pace. The title and (obviously) the quotes that separate the scenes come from William Shakespeare's play Hamlet. Beyond the fact that they're both my favorite characters, I'm not entirely sure what made me associate Horatio with the dwarves. But once I did, I couldn't get this story out of my head for the last few years. The shield Aés gives Glóin is inspired by one of the oddities of medieval times: the lantern shield. I actually envision a cross between a tapered arm shield and the lantern shield, for those who care. It seemed like something an inventive dwarf might design in this kind of situation.