wounded man half sliding from his shoulders. Half conscious, he rested his head against the cold stones, utterly spent and shaking to the bone. Strong hands grasped the Southron warrior, lifting him from the back of his rescuer. The boy struggled to open his eyes, to see, but each time his ears and head pounded and he had no choice but to shut them again. Gentle fingers pulled his locked arms away from their place hugging his chest, prodding him for injuries. Frightened and exhausted, he fought against their touch. "Hush," a voice said. "You're safe now. Be still." Further away, he could hear a confused murmur. "A Southron ? He was clearly exhausted. The orcs nearly had them! Poor boy. But a man of Harad . . ." He could almost see them shaking their heads in confusion, sorry that he was so tired as to not know he had wasted his energy saving the life of an enemy. The words goaded him to sudden anger. Pushing away the searching hands, he struggled to his feet and faced the group defensively, red-rimmed eyes brimming with tears that cut channels in the ash and dirt coating his face. "I know what he is!" he shouted. "I knew he was Southron. Should I have left him lying? To die? Is that the way of Gondor? Is that the way we treat the dead?" His voice rose higher and higher. "Faugh! Then the men of Minas Tirith are no better than orcs!" The lad's face crumbled and he slid to the ground, shivering and weeping against the hard rock of the wall. They had not been! They had not seen! They did not know, they could not know! He'd had to save that man. Sobs tore his chest and he buried his face in his hands. His legs trembled uncontrollably and ghostly lights flashed before his eyes. Rough wool brushed his cheek. Blearily as he raised his head he saw Ioreth, the old healer, wrapping her cloak over his trembling, burning shoulders. He sank into the folds, utterly spent in every way. He tried to grasp a corner of the cloth, but his hand shook and lurched and would not hold it. Gently, Ioreth took the fold and wiped the tears and grime from his face. He gave a great, shuddering sigh. "Why is it so inconceivable to them that I brought in a Southron?" he asked her, forgetting that not so long ago he himself would have recoiled. As he spoke, the choked rasp of his own voice startled him. "Isn't every life worth saving?" The old woman smiled. "Yes." she said firmly. "Every life is precious. It does not matter what land one hails from, only that one lives and breathes and feels like any other. In a war, that clear-sightedness is lost and all becomes a murky swamp as men strive to kill or be killed. That, I think, is the greatest tragedy of the thing." Her eyes turned toward the gate, and the boy imagined her gaze melting away the rocks and revealing the seething inferno and melee outside. No doubt that was what lay in her mind's eye. In that moment he hated the fighting. The glory, the honor, the courage, they all seemed to strip away and leave an ugly, shriveled thing. He did not want orcs to walk the streets of Minas Tirith, but he wished that there were some other way. Why did those maggots have to crawl out from their mountains and descend upon the White City? Most of all he wished they had never existed. He looked over at the other healers, clustered around the fallen man of Harad. "Will they take him?" he asked. "The Southron?" He could not bear to think that his desperate charge across the plain had been for naught. Ioreth's eyes flashed. "They will," she said. "Or they will have me to reckon with." The boy smiled a little at that. "I am glad," he said, "that I helped him. I am glad." The old woman smiled back. "What you did was right." she said. "You are a brave young lad. It is one thing to stand upon the wall with a weapon and face the darkness, it is quite another to charge out into it alone. You have done well by saving this man's life." He nodded slowly, acknowledging her words. The old woman rose, and, dimly, he heard her directing the others to load the wounded man onto a stretcher. He watched as the little group moved off up the street, and just before they turned a corner and were lost to his sight, he thought he saw the Southron catch his eye, and for the first time, the dark, expressionless face move into what looked like a smile. With a tired sigh, the boy settled down deep into the cloak, pulling it around him tightly. His hands were steadier now and his heart had slowed to normal. A deep, deathly exhaustion flowed over him. Already waves of sleep were dragging his sore body under, ready to sooth his stiff muscles and battered emotions. But before he surrendered completely, he allowed himself a single thought: that though the war still raged outside the city, though the air still carried the stench of death, there was one who lay above in the Houses of Healing who without him would have had no hope. No on else would have saved a Southron. The man had spared is life, and now something lay between them that was not friendship, but something deeper: the connection of those who together had confronted death, and risen victorious. ~No matter a person's allegiances, skin color, or choices, they are human, and humans help one another. In the face of pain, violence, and despair, we have only the friends we earn. All that is required for the triumph of evil (and hatred, and fear) is for good men (and women) to do nothing.