a babe would be in his mother's arms. Legolas would fight for this man -- defend him with his very life if need be, so that Aragorn could survive to take the throne of Gondor. With the finding of The One Ring and the chance of its destruction, this once faint hope had become a possibility. How strange that Legolas, who had lived without hope for so long, should find it again in Isildur's Bane! For on the day he fulfilled his destiny and became king, Aragorn would at last take the Lady Arwen as his bride and she would make the choice and meet the Doom of the Peredhil. Legolas was resolved to take the beating of his life in order that Aragorn might function as a man on his wedding night and make the bond indissoluble. And then . . . . His 'master' trusted him. His master relied on him to fulfill certain needs and had grown complacent, as if putting Legolas into pain were an entitlement instead of a cruel necessity. He actually had begun to fool himself into thinking Legolas was willing to endure it out of love. Aragorn would learn the true strength of the First Born. When they were alone together at their next session following the wedding, Legolas would free himself of his token restraints. Out of care for his own immortal faer and the love he had once born for a beautiful Mortal boy, he would forgive Aragorn, and then he would put him down like the mad dog he had become. It would mean his own death, but he would die a happy man. For Elrond Peredhel would learn, on that day, the grief of losing not one, but two of his children to true death. It was not equal justice for all Mirkwood had been forced to endure, but it would have to do. Elrond would take revenge on Mirkwood for this, but he would find a much stronger Mirkwood waiting for him, and this time there would be no surrender. The folk of the Woodland Realm would either prove victorious or they would go down fighting to the last man, woman and child. Either way, they would be free. Thranduil too would inevitably die, but Legolas had long realized that he and his father were dead to life, although their hearts yet beat and they still drew breath. It was no matter, although Legolas dimly hoped that Thranduil would have his own chance for revenge before the end. Again, in memory, Legolas walked on a sunlit path . . . . The wood-grouse scuttled along in front of them. "It is mother love which moves her, my son. See how she feigns injury and helplessness to lead us from those she protects?" Thranduil smiled, for as he spoke, the bird disappeared off the path into the undergrowth. "We may be certain that wherever her nest of young ones is, it is far from here. They are safe." His father sighed. "Our enemies call us rustics, but I thank Oropher every day for bringing me back here and teaching me to live as Elves should. There is wisdom in the forest and in Nature that the Golodhrim, for all their cunning and craft, have forgotten. Elrond and Galadriel put their faith into metal and magic, and in that which they can force upon all things natural, but they are misled. Never forget the lesson of the grouse, Little Leaf, and remember, always, that I love you." "Come, Little Leaf, we must be getting back to the camp." Legolas suppressed his anger as he meekly gathered up his clothing and dressed himself. The adan profaned that name when he spoke it. Once, Legolas had accepted it from Estel's lips as a term of love, but that had been long ago. Love had died on the first day Aragorn had called him slave and meant it. "Yes, Master," he said, and followed. The clouds had rolled in and Eärendil was hidden from view. "You could not bear to watch, Brave Mariner, so you hide your face, " Legolas thought bitterly. Whatever gods there were had turned their faces from him as well. His salvation now lay in his own hands, for better or worse. Legolas Thranduilion felt grateful for the pitch darkness that hid his chill smile from the man who thought himself to be his master. It was an old adage but true -- revenge is a dish best enjoyed cold. Soon would come the day when the Prince of Mirkwood could play out his strange fate. At the end of all things, he would prove himself to be his father's son. The End Author's Notes: This story is an AU version of Aislynn Crowdaughter's already AU tale, Mael Gul. For a link to the original story, kindly see my profile. This is not her vision of the relationship between Legolas and Aragorn, but I think it is an alternate version for those of us who like our Legolas with a little more 'fight' in him, even though the resistance is merely mental. I have little doubt that Legolas, at this point, is highly influenced by the Ring. The title of this story is from the opening line of William Ernest Henley's poem, 'Invictus.' For those who are not familiar with it, it is reproduced below: Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul. In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance My head is bloody, but unbow'd. Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds and shall find me unafraid. It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul .