cut off before he could finish. "And we are to look for any survivors" He chuckled "Yes, we should leave soon" "Of course just let me finish with this unruly hair and check on Alvy. I will meet you at the stable" I spoke as I braided my hair. I could see Aragron smirk at me in my mirror and he bowed playfully "Yes my princess, shall I ready her horse for you as well?" I threw my brush at him "You little bugger, if I had my way you good for nothing ass I'd skin you alive and leave your body for the orcs!" A few servants watch at the scene caused by myself and Aragron, who was laughing while running away. "Milady, is everything okay?" One of the male servants asked a fuming Zar. Zar was about to answer when Aragron yelled from down the hall "The princess is just a bit grumpy" I voice turned deadly "Aragron you have three seconds to leave me alone...one... two" And he was gone. Smirking I turned to the elf "everything is just fine" After that little moment I went and grabbed my favorite daggers from my room and went to see Alvy. I walked into a room that looked more like a garden. I smiled at Alvy "So are those from Legz?" Alvy jumped and turned to look at my in shock "Grandmamma, hey, umm yeah I think so. Where are you going?" I guessed that she knew I was wearing my riding cloths. "I have to go with Aragorn real quick to check on the town people we'll be back before dinner." I answered and saw the look on her face. I knew what went through her mind 'That's a recipe for disaster' "I hope you two have fun." She said as I watched her eyelids droop. I quietly snuck out the door. "I see you finally decided to join me. How is Lady Alvy?" Aragron spoke as he finished getting his horse together. I rolled my eyes as I hopped on my horse. His name was LiNeeer (Legend) and he was all slivers. He had chosen me, or so Lord Elrond said, I mean I'm the only one that LiNeeer would let ride him. "Shall we go Zar, I would like to get back before dinner" Aragron said while he sat on his own horse. I just sighed and nodded my head. The ride saw quiet for a while, till Aragron spoke up out of nowhere. "Zar I want to say sorry for intruding you while bathing" Aragron looked so uncomfortable. I raised an eyebrow "It wasn't you fault Aragron, after all I was the one who opened the door. Why bring this up now?" He smiled to me "No reason" "Sure..." I paused and laughed "Did you like what you saw you pervert?" Aragron gasped "I am no such thing! Besides I'm with, wait I forget I said anything" I smirked knowingly "You are with Arwen, I know, I've known for a long time... do you know how annoying it is to hear a girl go on about the male they like, more importantly talk about it for a good fifth teen years" "What does she say" Aragron question fully interested. "Yes because I want to boost your ego even more" I sighed. I laid in bed until midmorning, I couldn't sleep and Zar was with Ara, those poor towns people. I walked around the castle until I saw Gimi cleaning his ax. "Hello Lord Gimli, how are you this morning?" I asked him he gave a small jump but I choose not to mention. "Quite alright thank you. And you my dear?" I gave him a smile and said "I great thank you for asking me." We talked for a few minutes until I took my leave. I saw the hobbits next and as always they were having a blast. For some reason or another hobbits always seem to have a good time. Boro-man was looking at that sword that belonged to a dead king from 3,000 years ago. We'll be leaving soon to go to Mordor, I know that way will be hard but we do what we must to survive. It was quite, the village is loud I didn't notice until everyone went their own ways for the day. "Alvy, I am glad to see that you're back on your feet." Gandalf said from beside me, oh my when did he get here? "Thank you Gandalf, how are you?" he smiled and said that he was fine "Dinner is almost ready you might want to get changed." Dinner? He must have noticed my confusing and said, "You have been sitting here for a couple of hours." His laugh was big and bold and it made you laugh a long. I had a feeling that I something would happen to him once our journey began. Zar and Ara had returned but Grandmamma looked flushed like she was embarrassed or something. I tried to talk to her about it but she glared at me then to Aragorn, oh no what did he do. Tonight I was seated next to Pip and Merry, they talked faster than I did, and I could barely keep up with the conversation. "Alvy, how was your day?" Legz asked and my heart started to beat faster, "I walked around a bit. That's all and you?" I tried not to blush but I know my cheeks reddened when he smiled at me. "I practiced archery, tomorrow would you like me?" I agreed to meet him at the archery pit tomorrow at 10. After dinner we all went to our rooms but I caught Zar before she entered hers, "Okay Grandmamma what happed between and Aragorn?" She gave an innocent looked but know that it wouldn't fly with me and began her story. A/N: The starting review number is five, once we get five reviews the story will continue. Thank you for reading.