be just that: simply a girl. Putting bed-roll and cover on the floor, Maeron started to unpack the contents of the bag. The first thing was a towel, rolled up neatly around a piece of soap and a small earthenware jar. Reaching for it, Imrahil opened the lid. The jar contained a whitish powder, and a sniff confirmed his assumption. Wordlessly he held out the open jar to his friend. Maeron's eyebrows rose. "Can you tell me what the heck a fisherman carries tooth powder for when fishing?" "Fisher-woman," Imrahil corrected him. He couldn't say that he was opposed to women who kept their teeth clean and their breath sweet. But he knew better than to tell his friend anything along those lines. Said friend grimaced. "There is no doubt about her being female. One just has to observe your reaction." Motioning with his thumb at the dagger still sticking in the beam, he added: "But this is no tavern affair, Imrahil." Not bothering to answer, Imrahil took out another roll of fabric. It turned out to be a brown linen dress and a dark green kirtle to go with it. The garments were unadorned and looked quite plain, as did the sturdy leather sandals Maeron had fished out of the bag in the meantime. "Simple and practical." The first mate grinned. "At least these confirm the fisher-woman." Imrahil shook his head. "I'm afraid you are wrong. Just have a closer look at the quality of the fabric. It's much better than anything a simple fisher would be able to afford. And the seams... They are worked expertly." Maeron snorted. "Goodness, Imrahil. If I didn't know better, I would take you for a nancy. The quality of fabric and seams!" Imrahil shrugged. "Even a dolt like you would know if you had two sisters who constantly dragged you down to the harbour to accompany them every time a merchant craft berthed." He grimaced. "Well, and then there is this green. As Ivriniel told me, it is rather difficult to dye plant fibres a really dark green. That's why most green fabric you find on the market will be wool." He gave the kirtle another look before he put it on the table. "I dare say this simple dress was quite expensive." With a look that clearly said told you so, Maeron emptied the contents of a smallish linen pouch on the table. "What's that?" Imrahil frowned as he reached for one of the narrow, neatly folded strips of fabric. Maeron's lips curled in disdain. "The proof that whatever our guest is, she was not out fishing but instead well prepared for a longer voyage." Imrahil turned the strip uncomprehending, causing his friend to snort. "That are rags, dimwit." "Rags?" Maeron grimaced. "That obviously is an aspect one doesn't learn through having sisters." He stuffed the strips back into the pouch. "That's the things women use when they have their monthly flow. You had better get married, Imrahil son of Adrahil to learn the things that really matter." Imrahil snorted. "I have no notion of competing with your seven months old wisdom on married life, Maeron son of Daeron. The woman I shall marry has to be special." That seemed to have stung, for Maeron frowned angrily. "I assure you that Gwinwen is special to me." His frown slightly ebbing away, he added: "But as far as I know you, you are only waiting for some woman you can top Dol Amroth's last scandal with." Imrahil chuckled. "Oh, come on. I don't exactly dote on Denethor, no matter what Finduilas says, but I simply loved it when he snatched my sister away from under Thólinnas' nose." Maeron gave him a wry glance. "Is it true that your father privately celebrated upon learning that the Steward's son had crossed Pelargir's plans?" Grabbing the canvas bag, Imrahil bared his teeth in a rakish grin. "You doubt it?" The bag was almost empty by now, holding nothing more than a flat satchel, a tiny wooden box and a leather purse, tied close with a string. Unknotting it, Imrahil poured the contents on the table: a handful of small coins, all of them silver. He looked at his friend and grimaced. "Quite a well-off fisher-lass, isn't she?" Frowning, Maeron checked the coins. All were of Gondorean minting, some new and still shining, others already dulled by time and there even were two from Turgon's reign. He shook his head. "What do you make of that?" Looking as innocent as possible, Imrahil shrugged. "Family savings? Perhaps her dowry?" Seeing his friend's critical mien, he grinned. "We can ask her, can't we?" With an angry grunt, Maeron reached for the satchel, but when he opened it, he whistled with surprise. Before them lay a tidily folded map and below it a stack of excellent vellum and three well-prepared quills. Already knowing what he would find in the box, Imrahil opened it nevertheless, revealing the expected inkpot. And what an inkpot! Surprised, he stared at the fine glass vial, closed with a silver stopper. Wordlessly he shoved the thing over to give Maeron a closer look. "If that girl is anything close to a fisher-lass, I'm a salt cod." Annotations: Úrime: (Quenya) approximately August (úrië: heat) to tack; tacking: Tacking is a sailing maneuver by which a sailing vessel (which is sailing approximately into the wind) turns its bow into the wind through the 'no-go zone' so that the direction from which the wind blows changes from one side to the other. Falas: (Sindarin) surf-line, sea-shore dromond: A dromond (from Greek δρόμων, dromōn , "runner") was the most important type warship in the Mediterranean from the 5th to 12th centuries AD Thanks for their support and advice go to Annafan, Artura, Gwynnyd, Lialathuweril, Sian22 and Willow 41z from the"Garden", to Ygrain33, who never failed to encourage me, and especially to Lady Bluejay who kindly helped me with the language. Her beta reading spared me a lot of embarrassment.