accepted it, and 'tis her permission and only hers that I seek." "You presume to tell me my place?" hissed Elrond. Aragorn did not raise his voice, no matter how much he might wish to. He only drew himself up further, meeting Elrond's grey eyes with his own, "You named me Elessar King in your speech, Lord Elrond, and no King bows easily to demands, especially in matters that strengthen his kingdom rather than harm it." There was a long silent moment as Elrond looked deeply into his eyes, and though Aragorn knew naught of what he looked for, it seemed that he had found it, for Elrond only sighed deeply, taking a step back. "'Tis clear that both Arwen Undomiel and Elessar Telcontar hold the Man in high esteem, though I cannot see how he is worth such a thing," he said, and raised a hand to still Aragorn's protests. "I will rest my case for now, but take heed, Aragorn, my eyes will be on you." The King sighed, turning around and looking at the wood of the door. When he spoke again, it was in Westron-tongue, "Your eyes, milord, and the eyes of many others here." "'Tis the lot of one who serves through their rule," replied Elrond in the same language. "You know the weight of the crown on your brow." "Aye," answered Aragorn. "I do." Beregond frowned. "I dislike this. 'Tis a blow to our own honour to listen at the door to our King's private conversation like a group of spies." He sighed, "Besides, they speak in a language we do not understand." The Guardian of Stones snorted, "It is not right that our King speaks the Elven language better than that of his own people." "He speaks Westron well enough," replied the Guardian of Fields mildly. Pelendur, Guardian of Coin, waved a hand before he led them outside before Gondor's King and the Lord of Imladris could discover the group of men listening to their conversation. Beregond looked at the guards who had allowed this breach of propriety to happen, committing their names to memory. The former Captain of the Guard did not know why he was invited along, but he suspected that it had much to do with his loyalty to Lord Faramir, the second of Denethor's sons, his loss of status, and what Pelendur had planned. He followed the three Councilmen outside towards the gardens that bordered the Steward's quarters, dismissing the men standing before he took a seat on one of the white benches, made of the same marble as the rest of the city. "Our King is Elven-grown, that much is clear, but it seems that even the Elf-lord himself is unhappy with his behaviour," murmured Pelendur, keeping his voice low. "Know you why that is so?" The Guardian of the Stones shook his head, "Lord Pelendur, I have not the time to dawdle here. The battle at the fields of Pelennor had cost our walls dearly, and I have to visit the stonemasons today to discuss what has to be done. You know the answer to these questions of yours; tell them to us." Pelendur, instead of looking insulted at being ordered so, only nodded, "For your sake, Lord Baragil, I will hasten my speech thus. Elessar King has an Elven wife and an Elven father, growing up in the North away from Gondor. Though he seems to know the customs of Gondor well, he is still a stranger whom few of us know." He hesitated. "Get on with it!" "'Tis merely a suspicion, but I believe the Elf-lord's quarrel with our King has to do with his rumoured affections for our Lord Steward, which runs far stronger than any Man should have for his comrade-in-arms. If that is true, he dishonours his wife, and leads the Lord Steward down an unclean road. I cannot but feel uneasy at having him as King." "You speak of treason, Guardian of Coin," said the Guardian of Field, his mild voice turning to steel. "The White Tree blooms. That should be proof enough of Kingship, no matter whom he shares his bed with, if the rumours are even true." Pelendur shook his head, "Calm, Councillor Maldor; I speak only of my suspicions. Do you remember our history, of the great Man whose name I bear? Pelendur, Breaker of the Line of Kings, chose Eärnil over Arvedui despite Arvedui's Numeronean blood and claim to the throne, and he is lauded for his choice. I do not seek the same fame, only the same suspicions—that a Man with the blood to be King might not be the right King for us." Beregond spoke for the first time since they were seated, "Who do you have in mind, sire?" "The Lord Faramir," pronounced Pelendur, quiet but firm. "He is truly a great hero, full of valour as he attempted to win back doomed Osgiliath from the Shadow. I believe 'tis the Valar that had saved him from the pyre that our late Steward had lit; that is a greater sign than the blooming of the White Tree. That," he lowered his voice, "and he is betrothed to the White Lady of Rohan. He has already turned away from any possible uncleanliness." "You are named after the Kinstrife Avoider, Lord Pelendur," said Beregond, his teeth gritted and hands clenched as he stood, "Yet now you propose to set brother against brother, Prince against King. 'Tis treason you speak: give me a reason, sire, to not call the Tower Guard upon your head." Pelendur only looked up to look at Beregond. When he spoke, his voice was calm, "Only this, former Captain: Your objection lies not in the words I spoke against Elessar King, but in my choice of replacement." He stood and Beregond, speechless, could only take a step back to allow him to pass. "Consider my words, sires. The fate of Gondor lies in your hands." With those parting words, Pelendur left the garden.