pondering. Turning to face the young man, Éomer found him standing close, holding out a small, flat and beige object to him. Taking it, he realised what it was: paper, something more than rare in the Mark, but as he had seen, quite commonly used in Gondor. Twisting it in his fingers, he eyed the seal at its back and his heart sped up: the seal of Dol Amroth, flanked by two flowers. In a rush he broke the seal, forgetting everything around him, craving for what the letter might hold like a starving man for a fresh loaf of bread. Unfolding the paper, he drank in the sight of her handwriting: clear, well-rounded letters, bold but orderly written, and by the mere sight of it he felt a trace of her personality smile at him. Smoothing the folds, he started to read, a soothing kind of warmth rising within him, filling him with joy as he took in her words. Dear Éomer, I have worded this letter over and over in my mind these last days, but still found no convincing way to phrase my intention. So just let me explain, let me talk to you, like you were present. When you are reading this, you will have seen my present, read the official letter Father had the scribes draft. I wish I could see your face. Do you frown? Do you smile? I do not know, though I am certain that at least you will be prepared to listen to me, to let me explain. That day, in the garden, after that lecturing of my father's counsellors, you said that Rohan's people as well might see me as some extra-benefit to the trade agreements. You did not put it in such words, but we both know what was said and what was meant. It was then that I made up my mind not to let anyone put me into a chest labelled: "Gondorean Princess, high nobility, decorative but otherwise useless". I wanted to do something special, something to be connected with my name in a positive way, something that announced my coming to Rohan in a useful manner, even before I had crossed the borders. You may call that calculating, or in a more polite wording diplomatic, and certainly there is more than just a drop of politics in it, but nevertheless it is as well something personal, something I carefully thought over, investigated and finally had constructed. I talked to Erchirion, to Father, to Elphir who had been present at the negotiations, and perhaps it comes to your mind now that I even asked you the very last day before you left, trying to work out what Rohan might need and appreciate that could be provided by Dol Amroth through me. It very soon became clear that Rohan had but little woods, construction timber thus being something highly demanded, especially now, with so many homes being destroyed. And it was you who told me about storage problems, though it was just in some kind of half-sentence, a worried remark amongst a lot of hopeful statements concerning Rohan's future. So the idea took root to have granaries built, in the style of the Mark but with timber from Gondor. Having already been in the Mark, Erchirion provided a sketch of such a building and Master Calimab assured me to be well able to construct it, though the base would have to be built in stone on-site in Rohan. He suggested to use cedar wood as it has the boon not only to be beautiful and lasting timber, but to keep vermin out as well. What I have sent you now is the material to set up a first granary, and if you approve of it, the building and my plan that is, there shall be one in every village of the Mark that needs one, before the winter sets in. Father and Elphir calculated that it can be achieved, as mainly the Westfold would be in need, and Master Calimab is ready to stay in Rohan to supervise the instruction of carpenters. It is so difficult to write all this without seeing your reaction. I was so excited all the time, but now, as everything is packed and they are due to leave for Edoras tomorrow morning, doubt falls so heavily on me. Perhaps I should have asked you, should have informed you, I know that you would have spoken ingenuously to me, but I wanted to show you and your people that I am aware of their paramount needs. I hope I have done the right thing. Yours Lothíriel of Dol Amroth Having read the letter, he looked up like a man woken in the middle of a dream, his gaze sweeping once more over the beam in front of him, the smooth surface, the carvings... Béma, what would he give to have her at his side this very moment, his pirate princess, his love. Suppressing a sigh, he made to fold the letter, when his eye caught a postscript in tiny letters, low in the left-hand corner of the paper, just were his thumb had been. Holding his breath he read, torn between joy and longing: I wish I could go where this letter goes. L. annotations: Yavannie: (Quenya) approximately our September Dor-en-Ernil (Quenja) Land of the Prince; Prince Imrahil's realm béow: (Old English) barley bur: (Old English) small house béowbur is a word-construction of my own; if you want to know what I had on my mind, have a look on the net for a Norwegian stabbur. (Oh, and not to forget: Traditionally in the old Norwegian farmsteads or villages, the stabbur was the place where a serious courtship started.) ;-) cedar wood: I had the Lebanon Cedar on my mind, the timber being referred to in several antique and medieval texts as being easy to work on, beautifully coloured and very durable, which made it sought after for building houses as well as ships.