had imparted me with their 'sage LotR wisdom'. So, all in all, I would practically starting from scratch. Ugh. "I am Boromir, son of Denethor the second, Steward of Gondor, and Captain of the White tower. This is my little brother Faramir." I smiled as demurely as possible. "Hello Boromir, son of Denethor the second, Steward of Gondor, and Captain of the White Tower. Hello my little brother Faramir." Boromir scoffed. "Do you always introduce yourself with your titles attached?" He shrugged. "You asked." "Touché." He frowned. "What does that-" "It basically means 'fair enough'. Anyways, how come you two are here? Don't you have better things to do then come storming into an undressed 'Lady's' room?" Boromir shot me a shrewd look. "By your own admission you are no Lady. And, besides, we were asked by our father," a slight twinge of annoyance flitted across his face, almost imperceptible, "to find out the identity of Mithrandir's mysterious guest." "Well," I gestured around the room, and then back at myself, in all my bed-haired glory, "here I am." He grinned again and I was pretty sure, in that second, that we would be firm friends. Faramir still regarded me dubiously. I would work on him. "Indeed. And yet you have not managed to answer a single question, Arya." I considered pretending otherwise (I'd given them my name) but at his raised eyebrows and Faramir's hand poised ever-so-casually (and probably out of instinct) over his sword, I changed my answer for the siblings. "Indeed. And that is a mighty shame. The only issue I find with it, though, is that even if I did answer your questions you would still be confused." "Oh really?" Smug asshole. I took a deep breath. Either I could try and continue with the 'I woke up here' line (which was true but not entirely convincing) or I could tell them that they were fictional characters. That I knew the future, broadly speaking. I mean, the good guys won, the ugly CGI creatures died, the ring melted and Sam (the adorable little Hobbit who, for some reason, followed the angsty protagonist around) didn't receive enough credit. Oh, and didn't Cate Blanchett sail away with Gandalf, protagonist and the cranky elf with the tiara? I tossed up my options. On one hand I could be seen as a liar, on the other a madwoman. Well, that is, unless I made up some bull about me knowing the future (did anybody say Professor Trelawney) or something. That could explain my knowledge. But, then again, my knowledge was not nearly detailed or specific enough for that to be a viable- unless. Unless I said I was from the future. Unless I said I was from the future and I knew all of this paraphernalia, albeit loosely, because it was a folk tale or something. Oh. Oh yes. That could work. Just as I opened my mouth to fly with this new excuse my door flew open again, and a harried looking man appeared in the doorway, glancing between the three of us before frowning. "I was informed that you would both be interrogating the female that arrived." I raised my hand. "Guilty, although it's more like a chat." The man looked at be dubiously. "You are a woman?" "Excuse me?" Interrupting what was sure to be a long rant Boromir gave a pointed cough. "Yes, Addrar, now was there a reason you came?" "Oh, your father wishes you to bring the priso- uh, guest, to the throne room to meet him." The three men looked at me, obviously waiting to gauge my reaction. I beamed. "I'm cool with going to the throne room, is it- wait. Boromir, Faramir, are you guys Princes?" The brothers exchanged 'looks'. "Princes?" "I mean," I relented, "Boromir, you said you were the son of the steward, but then why are we going to meet your father in the throne room?" The three exchanged looks and while they were figuring out an appropriate response my mind clicked. "Oh, is the King away? Is that why the steward's in the throne room?" Boromir gave a very un-royal snort. "The King's been away for almost a thousand years." "What? Is he immortal or something?" "No," Boromir studied me with an unreadable expression, "the last King perished many years ago, since then the Stewards have ruled over Gondor." I took a moment to digest this, but before I could question any further Addrar sniffed, "Well, now that we've relived our history with you, stranger-" "Name's Arya, sweetie." "Stranger, we should make for the throne room." I shrugged- haters going to hate right? I got up to follow the soldier, when he noticed my clothing and turned a vibrant shade of purple, turning away from me. "W-what are you wearing?" I looked down. "Um, my pyjamas? Problem?" Boromir shot me a grin. "Maybe not for those who don't you consider you a Lady," if he is insinuating I am any kind of 'scarlet woman' with that cheeky look I will fry him ten ways to Honolulu, "but meeting my father such clothed may cause offence." "Offence? What has Mickey Mouse ever done to anyone?" At his confused expression I clarified, "that's the mouse on the top." He nodded but gestured to my apparel nonetheless, "We will still need to find you suitable clothes. Faramir, do you know if any of the noblewomen would be willing to lend clothes to Arya?" His fawn brown haired brother shrugged. "None that I-" "Hang on, a dress?" The brothers turned to me, perplexed- yet again- by one of my comments. "Yes…?" "No, no. That won't do. I only wear pants." Boromir quirked an eyebrow. "I assure you, here it is considered customary for women to-" "Yeah, no. I'm not wearing a dress." "But-" "No, either I go in pants or I go naked, your choice." Boromir rolled his eyes then gestured for Addrar to fetch some more clothes. "On your head be it."