me to the Houses of Healing. He helped me to sit down in a chair, in the room where Merry lay. "I need to go heal the others, watch over him." He said as he made his way to Faramir's chamber. I hadn't realized how tired I was until now. I lay back in the chair and was half-asleep when Aragorn entered with the others to heal Merry. I perked up and managed to stay awake long enough to watch the event, before falling asleep sitting up in that uncomfortable wooden chair. When I awoke my leg pained me, but I was refreshed. I recovered as fast as I possibly could, but still, when it came time for the battle at the Black Gate, Gandalf said I must stay in Minas Tirith. My leg still hurt, but I slipped into the ranks anyway. It was probably the grueling thing I've ever done. I was fighting on foot, but the minute I saw a riderless horse I leapt onto it. Then it got easier. Soon I found myself swinging my sword blindly, trying to stay alive as the forces kept flowing in. The minute I rid myself of one Orc, another took its place. I was ready to drop when I heard the jubilant cry: "The Eagles are coming! The Eagles are coming!" I got out alive, with a wound on my shoulder and my leg a lot worse. But the feeling I had when I saw the dark tower fall, the Nazgul diminish, the light leap across the land, made it all worth it. I don't remember much of what happened after that. The only way I got back to Minas Tirith was Beregond. He was wounded as well, and we leaned on each other all the way back. Gandalf forced me to fully recover before I could go out into the city and rejoice, but I didn't mind much. I managed to push my way to a first class view at the Coronation. I'll never forget the moment Aragorn was crowned king. But then, inevitably, when everything had settled down Gandalf approached me. "You are going to have to make a choice, Cellin." I knew that. It had been weighing on my mind. "You need to go home." "But this is my home." I sighed. "No, that ridiculously cold and small apartment is your home. For now." He smiled. "But I don't have any real friends there." I sighed, my voice husky at the thought of leaving. "I know, but you must return." My heart felt like it was going to break. "But," He added, with a twinkle in his eye, "that doesn't mean you can't ever come back." I flew at him and hugged him harder than I thought I could hug anyone. He handed me a necklace. "Whenever you can spare a week or so, hold this in your hands, and wish with all your heart to be here." It was of pure opal, with elvish writing to create the spell of time-travel. "I will go, but I will miss all of you." I cried as I hugged him again, taking one last look at Minas Tirith, before I would leave. "But," I hesitated, "before I go, why do think that portal opened up, why could we travel without this?" He smiled. "I don't think anyone will ever know the answer to that, but I do have a guess: Perhaps, it was just meant to be. We needed you, and you needed us. And, someday soon, you will be able to stay here." "True, I needed you, but you didn't need me, did you?" Gandalf's warm smile broadened. "One soldier can change the fate of her land and her people. In fact, I'm almost certain that man you were covering, Garnan, was it? He would have died if it weren't for your steady stream of arrows." "You mean this is my land? My people?" Gandalf nodded. "You were always really a woman of Gondor at heart." I had missed Christmas, for I was at the Coronation and all. I didn't really mind. I always had those scars, for the rest of my life, and I was proud of them. Whenever I had time to spare I spent it in where I felt was my real home. I spent most of my time in Gondor, especially Ithilien, and once I graduated from College, Beregond proposed and I excepted, for his wife had died when Bergil was young, and I loved him more than I can say. Then I lived in Middle earth nearly all the time, coming back(with my new family)occasionally for vacation, and to visit my old family. Aragorn remained a life-long friend, and I had admittance to the palace whenever I wished. He had finally gotten over the Galadriel gown, and could joke about it now with pleasure. We were always spending time with Eowyn, Faramir and their brood, who had become incredibly close family friends. Most nights we would sit around their hearth and tell stories. Eowyn's favorite was the time she killed the Witch-king while suffering from a fever. Mine were those fateful few days I shared my small and freezing apartment with my Middle earth friends. Beregond enjoyed telling about when I took him to The Apple Store in New Jersey (it was embellished differently and energetically every time by Bergil). Faramir always told about the time King Elessar was joking to me about Galadriel, and Faramir thought the king used to be dating her. That miscommunication story was one of the funnier one's I'd ever heard. My life was as I'd always hoped and dreamed it would be. I lived in Middle earth, and I was a woman of Gondor. I bore scars proving my loyal defense of the land I loved, and I was who I'd always hoped beyond hope I could be. And it had all started with the "burglar", unrepeatable utterances in Sindarin, and a pack of Fangirls. ~Fin~