to abandon her. Now he merely had to finish what he had started. Despite her brave deed, Ursa's flight was not dignified. As she ran into a canyon, she was clutching her mouth to block her screams of horror. Her killer, as she feared, was close in pursuit. After several minutes though, her desperate flight was at an end. She gasped for air as she looked for a place to hide. She found none that would do so she settled on hiding behind a dead tree while she regained her energy. Ursa covered her mouth, and breathed through her nose. Tears were still streaking down her face. A twig snapped. She gasped and crawled on all fours. She moved across the rocky terrain, hoping to make it to a stony labyrinth up ahead. She hoped she would lose him there. Ursa heard a blade unsheathe not far behind her. Her drawn out execution was nearing its end. She turned around to face her assailant. She saw the ranger fairly clearly now. He was a tall muscular man with a face that seemed empty and cold. He had long messy hair, as many men of Gondor sported. He wore a dusty old brown garb, some light pieces of armor, and a cloak lined with fur. It was the dress of a ranger captain. In his hand was a sword, which he carried diagonally. "Give up Orc." Ursa said, "Please, I beg you, have mercy." "I have no compassion for a wolf's death throws, or the squeals of a pig before the slaughter." "I beg you!" she cried. Talion sad coarsely, "Beg? What mercy do I owe you? What do Orcs know of giving mercy? Where was your mercy when you killed my men and slew the innocent? Even the women and children were not exempt. Where was your mercy then?" "I did no such evil. Please, I hold no malice or desire to kill you. I can help you. I can-I-I" Her arms were shaking and her legs seemed to have gone limp. "G-give me a c-chance. T-there must be something I can do." He said, "The allies I require are not savage Uruks. Unless you can bring me the head of the Black Hand, you are useless to me." "Ally? Yes, I can be of use to you." said Ursa, "I know things about the others. You are killing us to draw them out? That's why you are attacking the Captains, to weaken the Warchiefs. And if you kill the Chiefs, the Black Hand will finally leave his throne…. I understand. However, you will never succeed. You need an ally to aid you." "You will sell out your kin so easily?" said Talion, "Then my conscious is clear." "I understand what they've done is wrong. The others kill each other in contests. They mistreat and even kill the slaves. As things are, my life is next. I'm not like them ranger. My slaves are well-cared for, many I've freed. If you join me, I can replace the Warchiefs and make changes around here. I'll help you face the Chiefs and I'll provide sanctuary. Think of the good we can do. The hundreds of men they've enslaved…. free!" Talion said, "Venomous words from a snake that would bite me first chance." Ursa said, "What do you want me to do? What can I say to convince you?" Talion said, "There is nothing. You can only die." As he pulled up his sword, the Wraith appeared next to him. "Wait! This Uruk is likely the only one who will ever aid you and ever be of use. Stay your blade for a moment and consider her proposal." Ursa asked in a panic, "What is this spirit?!" "Why not simply take the secrets she knows and use them. Extract her knowledge and cast her aside." said Talion. The Wraith said, "If that is what you wish." Talion looked down at her coldly. Ursa's trembling had continued, yet she seemed to realize she was out of options. She could not cheat death any longer. Her face became still and her eyes were frozen in shock. Talion swung down, and Ursa screamed in terror. However, his blade had stopped inches from her throat. His mind was in turmoil. What pity holds me from killing this creature? Ah I see, it is merely the urgency of my mission. "You will do all that I say." said Talion, "Or you will die. Do you understand?" She tried to speak, but couldn't find words. Knowing her answer decided her life, she attempted to nod. It was no use. Her body was still shacking violently, and she herself was still terrified out of her mind. It had been five seconds. "Y-Ye" Her words were ineligible. Ten seconds had passed. "Answer quickly Uruk or I'll remove your head." Her chin started to move despite her paralyses. It barely counted as a nod, but she hoped Talion would understand. He scowled down at her for a moment, and then he slid his sword back into the scabbard. He looked down at the tiny trembling Orc that sat at his feet. She didn't dare look up at him as she tried to suppress her tears. For a moment, Talion almost wanted comfort her, but that emotion was fleeting. The far greater emotion that poured through him was inarguably: disgust. An alliance with an Uruk… it would be short-lived he hoped. Author's Notes : I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. As I've already written the story in its entirety, you can expect regular updates every Saturday! I do realize some of the elements I'm using such as a female half-orc as a captain are a bit outlandish, but to be fair…female orcs likely exist in Middle Earth. I hope to fully justify this in-story for you as well. I'll also mention that Shadow of Mordor is already outlandish as far as Middle Earth lore goes. Anyway, please look forward to chapter two.