to the podium some ways away, underneath a willow tree. He coughed dramatically. "As the youngest friend of the groom here," he began, "I am obliged to make a speech." Sam glanced at Rosie, and then at Frodo, both of whom looked slightly worried. Pippin went on: "Unfortunately, I forgot to write one, so I suppose we're just going to be subjected to eating! Oh, well." Laughter and applause rose from the hobbits as platters of roast meats, boiled vegetables, warm biscuits and butter, and warm, buttery, seasoned roasted potatoes were served and beer was poured out. This was exactly the kind of meal Sam loved, but he didn't taste it. He felt strangely separate from the babble of talk, and it wasn't until the food had been cleared away that he started to join in the conversation. "So, Sam, I bet Rosie's Da wasn't too pleased with you," Merry said, taking a long swig from the mug of ale in front of him. Sam coughed awkwardly. "He wasn't at first, but we got there in the end," he replied, looking at Rosie. He didn't want to meet Merry's eye. "The band's started. I suppose Rose and I ought to start dancing or they'll all start grumbling again," he adds. Rosie nodded, still smiling, her face alight with excitement and joy. "We wouldn't want that. Come on, Sam. Goodbye, lads!" she cried as she left, holding Sam's hand. Sam ran a finger across hers and they met each other's eye. The rest of that evening passed by in a blur for Sam. He grew tired of dancing quickly, but kept being passed from woman to woman, spinning in endless lively dances. Every time he had the good fortune to dance with Rosie—with his wife —he got a fresh spurt of energy, which, he decided, looking back on things, was probably the only reason he didn't pass out by nine thirty. It was after midnight by the time everybody had dispersed, and Sam and Rosie were the last to leave, as per the usual. Sam was tired, but without the crush of hobbits and the constant sound of congratulations, he had a little more energy, a little more light in his eyes. He and Rosie didn't bother staying and cleaning, it was the job of the guests to do that the morning after. Instead, without really talking, without saying much of anything at all, they stood alone for a few minutes under the quiet stars, the hazy moon. Frodo made the wise decision not to return to Bag End that night, leaving Rosie and Sam alone in its wide halls. Sam led his wife into the house and, since she'd been there before and knew her way around, he took her straight into the second largest bedroom. "Sam..." she whispered, turning to face him. "Finally." She sighed. "Alone." "Alone," he agreed, holding her close. He looked at her, the starlight shining from her very face, and he felt something he'd never felt for anybody before, not just attraction, not just a pull towards her, but a hot, burning, urgent and overwhelming physical need . He didn't say anything more, just leaned in to kiss the corner of her lips, and then her hands. He didn't need to think, he didn't need to consider anything. He just acted . Without any conscious command from Sam's brain, his lips moved from Rosie's hands to her forehead, then her ears, and then down her neck. He pulled away slightly to breathe and she murmured into his ear, "My turn," rolling over so that they lay side by side, listening to each other breathe. Sam let her slide her hands under his shirt. His body was charged with energy, a crackle ran over his skin and his senses were more acute that ever before. Everything she did, every movement of her hands on his skin, every press of her lips against him was exactly what he wanted, needed, craved. He had been tired, but now he couldn't have slept if he'd wanted to. For the first time, Samwise Gamgee thought he knew, really knew, what it was to be alive. It seemed to happen without him noticing, but Sam's shirt had slipped over his head and Rosie's lips were dancing across his broad chest. Sam grabbed her hands and drew her close to him. "I love you. I've always loved you," he told her, pressing his cheek against hers. His hands roamed to the buttons going down the dress and he slowly, slowly began unbuttoning them. "I love you too," Rosie said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world. Sam didn't think it was possible, but she moved even closer to him. "I know," he whispered hoarsely. "I was an idiot not to see it before." Sam shivered under her light touch. Love changes after marriage, he realized, after something this monumental. It didn't get any less, sweet, any less true or real, but it turned into crazy, stupid, I'd-do-anything, jump-off-a-cliff, give-it-my-all love. When you give your everything, he decided, something had to change. He didn't love Rosie any less—if anything, he loved her a thousand times more. The emotion was even more overwhelming than the physical feeling. This moment when he and Rosie became one filled Sam's entire being. The world didn't exist anymore, not the Shire, or the ruins of Mordor, or Frodo or Merry or Sam or Aragorn, it was just him and Rosie, the centres of the world, together in perfect, flawless, forever unity. He didn't have to consider how to please her. He let his hands do what they wanted, responding to her movements as the two of them loved each other to the best of their ability. The centres of the world: Sam and Rosie, Rosie and Sam, Samwise and Rose, Gamgee and Cotton, together forever, united, one. "I'm yours," he muttered to her. "Wholly yours." That night, Rosie and Sam fell asleep hand in hand.