tall and regal, his dark hair gleaming like a moonless night. She, delicate and graceful, her silver locks reflecting the light of the moon. He was the shadow and she was light, and together they created a striking contrast. "It's for the best." Galadriel murmured. "Then why do I feel as if we're ruining her happiness?" Celeborn's tone was remorseful. He had been reluctant to accept her request to leave Imladris for he had been present at its founding, watched it grow and flourish into the haven it developed to be. She also knew that their daughter's affair had been a part of his timidity to leave. Just like their daughter, he tended to rely on his emotions above reason, and both were quite keen on acting on impulse. She relied on her wits, and made sure to keep her decisions based on reason and thought. In that aspect she had more in common with Elrond who, coincidentally, had his eyes set on her daughter. She knew of his affections the minute he set eyes on Celebrían. She also knew that he had kept his silence, more out of respect for them than anything else. Perhaps his sense of duty had also enforced his silence. For that she admired him. Celebrían was young, impulsive and innocent. His love for her might destroy her in her innocence. Still she saw the beauty in the world that was covered by darkness, but Celebrían could see beauty in the simplest things. Elrond was far too serious, too damaged, too dark for the brightness of Celebrían's soul. She was a delicate flower that needed to grow, and his strong spirit could easily smother her. But he had shown incredible character and kept his love for her secret. Anyone less worthy would have taken her innocent and kind soul to advantage. What none of them had taken into account was that when Celebrían wanted something she did everything in her power to get it. That trait she had inherited from her mother. Galadriel had to admit that her daughter did bring out the best in the half-elf, and he allowed her to. "It's not their time yet." She finally said. "Their time will come." "You seem so sure hervess." Celeborn turned his head sideways and raised an eyebrow. "You have seen something?" Galadriel glanced at the couple. That was one of the strange things regarding her daughter and the half-elf, she hadn't seen their love coming. In fact she had never seen their paths intertwine, yet she was sure that Elrond and Celebrían's paths were meant to cross. Galadriel looked at Celeborn and smiled slyly. "No." "No?" He asked in confusion. She took his hand in hers and led him from the balcony. He seemed reluctant but allowed her to lead him away. "Then by what means have you gained your wisdom of our daughter's future?" He asked curiously. Galadriel merely smiled knowingly, and gave the couple a long loving glance. "It's what my heart tells me." Celeborn grasped her hand and brought it to his lips. Together they walked from the balcony and allowed them to have this moment, this night. The night ended with a large bonfire to cast away the darkness that would increase the coming months. Summer had reached its highest peak. The night was filled with love and promise of better times. It was a great distraction from the surrounding darkness and impending threat of more war and death. When Celebrían finally retreated to her chambers she felt exhausted. Her cheeks were still flushed after all the dancing and singing. Her heart was at ease and she felt content and happy. With deft fingers she removed the flower crown from her head and eased her gown down her shoulders. Donning a lose nightdress of finest silk she eased the tangles out of her hair and hummed softly to herself. Her eyes drifted to the wild flowers the woman had given her then towards her pillow. It was so fascinating, so unbelievably romantic, only if things were so easy. Surely it couldn't hurt. Though she highly doubted it would work at all, it wouldn't hurt to try. Delicate fingers grasped the stem of the bouquet. She brought them to her nose and smelled their sweet scent. Slowly she made her way to the bed and placed the flowers under her pillow, then she sank into the soft mattress. Before she knew it she was fast asleep. That night she dreamt of Elrond. The End Translation Anvanya: Most beautiful Yávië(Q): autumn elleth - female elves ellon - male elves hervess - Wife f ë a- spirit Notes: * It's Swedish tradition that on midsummer's eve young people pick bouquets of seven or nine different flowers and put them under their pillow in the hope of dreaming about their future spouse. * "…Elrond first saw Celebrían, and loved her, though he said nothing of it." Unfinished Tales. P. 251. Many have used this quote regarding Elrond and Celebrían because it's simply one of the few that mention their relationship at all. Though it provoked more questions than answers. Did Celebrían return his affections? Did she know of his love? Then a passage later on caught my eye and I knew I had some material on my hands. " But at some later time (there is no indication of the date) Galadriel and Celeborn together with Celebrían departed from Imladris and went to the little-inhabited lands between the mouth of the Gwathló and Ethir Anduin. There they dwelt in Belfalas, at the place that was afterwards called Dol Amroth…" Unfinished Tales. P. 251. These passages were the main backdrop for this story and this is just my view what would have happened during that time. Of course there are different opinions and the romantic in my heart refused to believe that Celebrían did not fall for Elrond right away. Please tell me if you enjoyed this, or disliked it. It would mean a lot.