most he'd known—sometimes he thought he knew what his father's last moments were like, but he did not usually dream of strange elves. Except—for all that he had not recognized any part of that dream—the location, the incident, even the elf. Though the name Legolas had been spoken, he had not thought it was Legolas who acted—the voice had not seemed to be his, not in that lament, and yet if he was somehow Legolas... Perplexed, the man rose from his bed, walking across his room, wishing to find the source of his disquiet. He did not understand this dream, nor did he know why he would have it. Others might have been given them as warnings, visions to help prevent danger or injury or even death, but he had not known himself to have that gift, never before, and why should he start now? He left his room, his feet carrying him down to the courtyard, needing to dispel some of this agitation. He wanted to be free of its troubled energy. Another time he would have ridden or he would have hunted, but not now, not tonight. "What is it that disturbs you, Estel?" Ruefully, Aragorn turned to see his foster father standing there. He had not heard the elf-lord approach, but he did not know that Elrond had not been there before he entered the courtyard. "I had a strange dream." "Oh?" Aragorn thought that he might have amused the elf with his words. "I cannot say why it managed to be so disconcerting. It was not as terrible as other nightmares, nor as full of guilt as some of my past actions, nor was it full of fear of what the future would hold—unless, of course, it was intended as a warning, but I have never had that kind of foresight." "Do you wish for an interpretation?" "I do not know. Perhaps talking of it will lessen its hold—though with all dreams, it is likely to fade quickly." "Not all dreams do that," Elrond said, folding his hands together. "What was it you saw?" "An elf, alone, preparing to ambush a group of orcs. I did not know him, but near the end of the dream, someone spoke the name Legolas. I did not think he was the one in the dream—he was not like the Legolas I know—but perhaps I was somehow mistaken..." Aragorn rubbed his head. "At the beginning, there was a lament, but the one singing it was a poor vocalist." "Not every elf is gifted with song, or have you not heard your brothers argue that often?" Aragorn smiled. He had, and now he missed the twins and their antics, for he would gladly have them here to make all thought of this dream disappear—it had no right to have such a hold on him. "That is true. Still, I do not understand. What meaning could any of this have?" "The elf you saw... was he injured?" "He was—his sleeve had been torn, and he'd bled—and now that I think on it, there was a strange mark upon his arm. It was not one I have seen before. If I attempted to draw it, perhaps someone else would recognize it." Aragorn stopped, watching Elrond's face for a reaction. "Do you already know it? Did you see what it was that I saw?" "This was no shared vision," Elrond answered, moving to the edge of the courtyard and looking out at the woods around them. "I cannot tell you why you would have had such a dream now, nor am I certain if it is anything like what I can picture for myself. Draw the mark if you can. That might be our answer." "And if it is not?" "Whether it is or is not, I think you will get little rest until you have seen for yourself that the prince of Mirkwood is well and unharmed. I believe a journey is in your future." Aragorn nodded. He knew that his father was wise—and he knew also that the lord of Imladris knew him well. He would not be able to rest until he had seen Legolas for himself, to know that this was not a mere dream, not a fancy of any kind. "If you have no immediate answer to the mark, will you send word to me if you find it?" "You think I would conceal some truth from you?" "I did not always know myself to be the heir of Elendil, did I?" Elrond nodded in deference. "That is true as well. Nevertheless, if your dream is some kind of portent, I will not keep you from the warning that it holds." Aragorn watched him. "Somehow I think you already know—or at least suspect—what this dream portends." "I cannot say, not until I have seen the mark." "Do you think the elf I saw was truly an elf? What if it was not?" "If this was a message, it is difficult to say what part of it was true and what stands in place of something else. It is possible it is nothing—or it is possible it is a warning. There may yet be a threat to Legolas, and it is not one we understand. Often do orcs cross into what was once Greenwood, and the corruption spreads. At any time, the young prince could fall to such a force, though we would not believe it so simple or easy to cause his end. Still, the orcs may be more than orcs." "They are the servants of the shadow—do you think that is why I saw them?" "Perhaps." "You are being infuriating." Elrond gave him a slight smile. "I cannot tell you what I do not know, ion-n ín. What comes may not be what you expect, nor may it be as dark as this foreboding seems. All I can suggest is that you go to your friend, that you might be with him no matter what may yet come."