seat and went to stand by his side. Fondly she reached to touch his cheek, regarding him proudly but also with fondness touched by bittersweetness. The boy she had raised had grown to look so much alike his father... and in his eyes, Éomund's laughter still lived. "Then I'm glad for you, son", she said softly and kissed his brow. "You deserve happiness, just like Éowyn." "And you, Mother?" he asked. Quietly she returned to her seat. Well, perhaps now was as good as time as any to reveal what she had been planning. "I was thinking", Théodwyn said at length, "After you have married, I'll travel to Gondor and stay with Éowyn and Faramir. By then they should already be over their honeymoon. If they will have me, I'll stay with them for a while. After that I will go to Lossarnarch... seek my mother's kin there. I should hope they will be happy to house a relative for a while." "So you'll leave us?" Éomer asked, frowning as he spoke. "For a while at least. You and your Queen should have some time for yourselves, without me lurking about the corners. If she's to become the mistress of this hall and this land... well, I think I should be gone", Théodwyn explained. And looking at her son she knew he thought the same. "Aye. I have no doubt she'll do fine, but she needs to see that too", he agreed. But then he looked at her straight, and in his eyes she saw some old grief she couldn't name. "Mother, I can't imagine how it would have been like if you had left us too. We will always love you." Speechless, Théodwyn did not at first know what to say. She looked at her son... wondering what futures might have awaited her children had she not lived. "You had your uncle. He loved you like his own... he would have taken care of you", he said quietly. Éomer tilted his head... looked at her with a kind of solemnity she had rarely seen on his face. "Aye. He would have... but I don't think we'd have got your laughter if you had died. And it would have been so much more difficult for us to find again without you", he said in soft tones. Hearing those words Théodwyn had to get up on her feet and go to hug her son. She wrapped her arms about him, held him tight. For a long while they remained so. No words were spoken, and none were needed. But at last she broke the silence. "They would be proud of you, son." Amrothians stayed in Edoras for two weeks. The time was full of social events, balls and feasts and markets and nobles visiting the capital. Rarely did Edoras see such a crowd, though Théodwyn suspected it was something to occur ever more often in the future. Éomer was going to change the course of this land... and she knew his rule over this land would be something extraordinary. Indeed, Théodwyn had been telling the truth when she had said Éomund and Théoden would be proud. The day the Amrothians departed was a windy one. Their own land was waiting for them and Imrahil needed to get back to Aragorn. As for Princess Lothíriel, she still had some bridal time left before the wedding next spring. Soon the preparations would begin... and Edoras would be full of bustle and excitement. After 40 years there would finally be a queen in the land. Éomer stood with his princess for a long while. They were talking in low voices, and Théodwyn and Imrahil watched that conversation with tender smiles. They could only imagine the amount of secret kisses and words that had been exchanged between the two during this time... the Princess of Rohan decided she at least didn't need to even consider it. Long as her son was happy nothing else mattered. Then at last he kissed Lothíriel's forehead and embraced her, murmuring some sweet words in her ear... the girl smiled – the kind of a smile she only reserved for him. "Oi there! Let's get going – I want to be in Dol Amroth before the year ends!" called Amrothos from the courtyard. Lothíriel grimaced and called to him in Sindarin – Théodwyn bit back her chuckle – and she hugged her Rohirric King for one last time. Then she and her father at last made way down, where their horses awaited. Théodwyn moved quietly to her son's side. His eyes were solely fixed on the dark-haired maiden of his heart's choosing. She spoke no word as they watched the Amrothian company. The Swan Knights lifted up the Silver Swan once more and at last the riders made from the courtyard. Imrahil went, and beside him rode Lothíriel... one more moment she took to glance at her King... she smiled and there was light in her glance – light and a promise. Then she was gone. Waiting resumed. Théodwyn saw her son let out a long, heavy sigh. She remembered a time long ago now when she had been but a young woman and a handsome rider had been wooing her attentions... it was far away and she was an ageing mother of a young, unmarried king. "She will be back soon, my son", Théodwyn promised her first-born child. "Aye. And the time can't go by fast enough", he said, still staring after his bride. Despite all her bittersweet longings Princess Théodwyn had to smile. She knew her son would be all right... House of Eorl would be fine. It would be a while still before she could move on... join those who had gone before her... but perhaps that was because she still had things to do here – things to finish. Perhaps there were lives here she would have to watch over. Even so, she knew one thing for sure. Light would dwell in this house once more.