to do so. If he loved me, and I loved him…there wasn't anything wrong with that then, was there? "Elladan, I'm here for you," I began slowly, swallowing. I suddenly felt an immense hurt in my chest, my heart aching. "If you need to talk, you should know that you…don't have to hesitate or feel ashamed." I scrambled to find the way to word this, so he knew , whatever his misgivings were, they didn't apply. "You are who you are, and I love you ." I did, and I hoped that counted for something. "The past…it only serves to shape us, helping us become who we are. If I love who you are, then you should know I accept your past, with all of the…issues. The same as I accept you." He didn't answer, so all I could do was take a deep breath and pull back. His hair stuck to my cheek, then settled back. I stepped away and eyed him, trying to read anything in his posture, but nothing in the tense set of his unresponsive back clued me in as to whether or not he'd actually felt my attempts to reach him. I knew he'd heard me, but was he listening ? "Dan, self-destructive behaviour is not a good coping mechanism," I finished, quoting JLyH's statement about all of this. Since he seemed to not be acknowledging me, I sank back into my seat, exhaling. I glanced at him one last time, but he hadn't moved, and I knew the ball was in his court right now. Sitting back and turning around, I glanced back at the computer, figuring it wouldn't help things if I sat there staring at him, waiting for him to get around to reacting, speaking, doing anything . I minimized my Works document where I'd been editing my novel and instead went to browse Silver-Blue, to catch up on whatever new posts had been made since last I was there. There were a few, but the normal enjoyment I garnered from the insane ramblings of my friends was lost to me now. I headed over to my Facebook, but I wasn't surprised to find nothing there, either. I could still feel Elladan's presence behind me, but he still hadn't said anything. I glanced back to see he hadn't even moved . As I footled, a chat message popped up, Tira requesting Elladan's help with the writing. I sighed, sitting back. I could ask her to wait, but what would be the point? It's not like we were talking, and I knew the decision to go or stay was up to Elladan. So I turned to look at him. "Tira's asking for you." I said. Elladan immediately stirred, turning around. I glanced down as he did, not certain about seeing his face just then, but I shook that off and peeked up at him. His expression revealed nothing. "Let her know I'll be right there." He crossed the room without bothering to look at me, and I gave him a nod, turning back to the computer. He was nearly out the door when he paused to say, "I'll…be back when I can." I glanced over as the door shut, wondering. Was it selfish or ridiculous of me to feel hurt that he chose helping Tira write over talking to me? Then I just had to sigh, shooting a message to Tira to let her know he was on his way. Her thanks, hon reply earned a nod, but I didn't have anything to say. I'd always found it a little strange that they, as in the Meians (that is, those from Middle-earth), could travel across the country and back in but handfuls of minutes, if even that. I know it has something to do with how they are here in the first place, but trying to understand it can be a little bit of a stretch to get your mind around. I rather wished I could do as they did, get around so quickly and easily. I'd either be in New Hampshire or Idaho right now, if that were the case. Actually, I'd probably have offered to go with Elladan, if he even wanted me around… Hmph. So, that hadn't gone so well. But really, what had I expected? I'd found a rather sad trend of trying to help people and being rebuffed in my past, but was it too much to hope that things could or would be different with Elladan? My friends say I am wise, but sometimes it does not feel that way. It feels a bit more like scraping by on whatever sense I can wrangle out of my brain. And now I was second-guessing myself, wondering if maybe I should just have enjoyed our time together and not have said anything. Yet, his behaviour concerns me, and I want honesty between us. I'd seen various forms of self-destructive behaviours in people, and once it had led to suicide and another time, this one an older sister of mine, it almost led to suicide before we could find a way to help her, before she got better. I don't think he'd really do that. I think if he was going to take his own life, he would have done so a long time ago. It was just the possibility that he might be destroying himself in other ways with all the things he's so obviously torn up about and re-dealing with all over again now. And I didn't want to see him get into more dangerous habits if he feels this current way of self-punishment is not adequate. With a sad sigh, I leaned my head against the desk, mulling over all these depressing thoughts. I'm not one for crying much, mostly because I can't ever figure out how to get myself to cry, but I rather wished I could then. A good cry felt like it be really relieving, considering the tight, hot knot of pain my chest.