creatures strike. Good day, and farewell." Su-rong barely had time to jump out of the way before the door burst open with violence and Ying stormed out full of anger. When he saw her he paused and looked at her, as if expecting some reaction. Su-rong straightened her back and stood as tall as she could, and despite her fear and her wish to shrink before those pale eyes she stared right at the northerner without wavering. "You are acting like an arrogant fool." She said. "You call me a fool?" He shot back. "Your people would throw away numberless lives for no apparent reason, and you call me a fool?" "We are fighting to defend our home! Our land, our sacred tradition, our identity! That is no apparent reason to you?" The girl shouted in challenge. "If your people had fought a little more instead of fleeing from every enemy, perhaps you would remember what it is like to have something to defend." Her words cut him; she knew it. For a split second he looked both insulted and pained. But those pale eyes hardened and he rebutted, "At least my people still live and walk the earth." "Remembering only flight and terror and the instinctual need to survive, like you yourself said. I do not want that. If I cannot remember this wood, this river, the Lady and her gift of tears, I'd rather be dead." "So you would die to defend all this." Ying murmured. "Yes, yes and a thousand times yes!" The girl said fiercely. "If my home, my land, my history and my identity are all gone, if I am stripped bare of those until I no longer even remember, what use have I then of an empty life? Live like a critter of the woods would, thinking only of food, drink and avoiding predators?" "Do not merely take my words for it; ask anyone else! Ask every man, woman and child of this village and hear what they will say." Su-rong breathed, suddenly feeling her cheeks burning. She was acutely aware of Ying's pale eyes upon her, keen and intent and filled with both fire and sorrow of suffocating intensity. She was suddenly afraid, and she turned and fled before those eagle's pale eyes. On the third morning Su-rong stood at the village square, bidding her father, her brother, and many other young and not-so-young men of the village farewell. She was dressed in her best festive wear, all bright red and gold silk, while they were clad in rough cotton of brown and green that might offer them some protection against unfriendly eyes in the woods. This night, she and other women and children would to go the river, and their husbands, fathers, brothers and sons to the hills beyond. This night, she will await the Lady's tears with gifts, and they will await the orcs' with bows and knives ready. Su-rong held her head high all the time. She would not weep; no one would weep. She could not say her exact feeling when she suddenly saw Ying emerging from the shadows as if by magic. The northerner wore gauntlets and boots, with a long bow slung across his back and sword at his side. He went directly to her father and knelt down before the chieftain. "I have some experiencing fighting those creatures." He said plainly. "I wish you can forgive my words earlier and accept my service." The old chieftain smiled and pulled the northerner up with a firm grip. "There is nothing to forgive, friend, and we are overjoyed to have your service." The sun rose and fell swiftly; the day wore into the night. Ascendance Night celebration was now in full swing. Countless paper lanterns shaped like lotus flowers floated atop of the river, turning the black water into a field of stars. Sweet melodies rang from the reed flutes, mingling with the soft sighs of night wind. Yet Su-rong was worried. The river was strangely quiet, and the night sky was so overcast that she feared not a single star would pierce through. The song of the flutes ended, and the festival proceeded smoothly, stark contrast to Su-rong's doubts. "Pour the Lady's drink!" The old woman in charge of the festival called. Everyone raised their jugs and sprinkled the fresh spring wine into the river. The wine was followed with rose scented rice water and lotus seed soup. "Release the birds!" The old woman called again. Su-rong quickly began, never allowing her nervousness to affect the practiced motions. It was a great honour to be chosen as the bird-handler for the festival, and she would not ruin it, no matter what the circumstances. Quickly she undid the grass ropes that tied the birds' feet together and sent them reeling skyward. The two great black herons let loose a string of clear notes and unfolded their great wings. They took air and flew. Following the birds' flight with her eyes, Su-rong was the first to see the men emerging from the woods and stepping on to the riverbank. They were fewer than those that left, but they were still many. Standing at the head of the group was Ying, also tracking the birds with his pale eagle eyes. The black herons headed straight for him and wheeled above him, their wings were like a banner of black about him unfurled. Su-rong could no longer hold the tears threatening to break loose all day. She cried and cried until she could no longer make out the birds with her blurred sight, but still she refused to look away. A wind suddenly picked up and swept across the western horizon, revealing a silver star, bright and burning like a white torch in the sky. In the distance something rumbled. The river trembled with anticipation, before swelling into a flood of black water and white foams. The countless paper lanterns, carried by the singing water, became a field of dancing stars.