allegiance to the same team—the team to which Aragorn was referring. Darn muses. "By the Valar!" Estel gasped. "Remember how we never speak of that event? And they're not evil, per se. They just—" "But that's what you told me," the ranger insisted, apparently not noticing the predicament he has caused. "You said that they were just a bunch of—" "I know, but that was from my perspective—the perspective of a fan whose hopes and dreams were maliciously shattered by that Morgoth-loving triple! It wasn't like the team was actually full of jerks. I mean, their manager was actually pretty nice from what I remember. They're not the ones who throw things at players or flip their bats or cuss out umpires." "Wait, is there a team that actually does those things?" Faramir innocently inquired. "How disgraceful." "Tell me about it," the writer said, frowning as her mind was sidetracked by bad memories. "Someone oughta sock 'em in the face," she murmured. "Cruz struck out!" the steward declared gleefully, no doubt attempting to calm things down. "Now our team is going to come up!" Aragorn turned on the sink water quite loudly to continue distraction from the previous conversation as he eyed the disturbed looks on the faces of the others girls, and the dark cloud dissipated slightly. Slowly, conversations began building, and the room eventually buzzed with stories and laughter. The game went on as Faramir picked up some rudimentary baseball knowledge, and dinner started to smell very good as the time for the meal drew nearer. "I can't believe this," Thalion said, shaking her head in amazement as the game neared its halfway point. "One of the best pitchers in the world just walked our guy with the bases loaded: a free run. We're being given this game." "That is kind of them," Faramir said happily. "I can't help but like this other team." Estel grinned. "Me, too. So long as they stop hitting home runs against us, that is. Two is enough for one day." "Tied!" Faramir exclaimed, showing some genuine excitement for the first time. "That's our first hit of the day," the writer said with both joy and annoyance. "This hasn't been our most impressive performance." "Dinner should be done in about ten minutes," one of Estel's roommates told the general crowd. "Can the game wait?" It was a harder question than the girl had meant it to be, but Thalion was capable of using her phone to follow the score, so she consented with a nod. Her team graced her with another run just before the food was laid onto the table, so she supposed she could sacrifice a bit of time away. Besides, her team's being ahead meant that the lead was in jeopardy during every pitch, a situation that typically bred intense anxiety in the mega-fan. The meal was quite pleasant with the two rangers speaking of their travels and asking many questions about the lives and learnings of the girls. Aragorn never mentioned their lordly positions, and he used given names rather than their formal ones, but Estel wasn't quite sure that the girls didn't know who they were actually talking to. Then again, even if any of them guessed, they'd hardly admit to themselves that they were seeing "fictional" characters. As it was, no matter what their thoughts were, the conversation was edifying and no difficult questions were asked. Aragorn and Faramir are, after all, very likeable. The food was delicious, as per the usual from Thalion's skilled roommates, and the group did manage to squeeze all eight people around the table. Faramir cleared away the dishes and loaded them into the dishwasher while Aragorn continued to learn about the proper Hebrew exegesis of Judges 11 from the senior. Estel returned her laptop to the table and began to watch the game again. Despite her continual fear, nothing else happened during the game. Faramir sharpened his knowledge of baseball to the point that he actually understood some of what was going on, and Aragorn promised a wedding gift to the senior as she and her sister laid out the plans they were making for the coming event. The other roommates brought some of their textbooks into the living area and worked on their homework, occasionally chipping in on the discussions. Sometimes you don't need a lot in common to have a nice time. "And that's that!" Estel declared excitedly, shutting her laptop and clapping her hands. "We won!" "3-2?" Aragorn asked for clarification. "Yep," the writer confirmed. "And we didn't earn any of it. I almost wish the other team had won since they deserved it. Almost, but not quite." Faramir grinned. "Baseball is a strange sport." "But a good one," Aragorn stated. "Gondor could probably produce a decent team." The steward laughed, but he didn't deny it. Before Thalion could fangirl about the prospect of a Middle-earth baseball event, her guests both stood together and bowed to their hostesses respectfully, clearly ready to go. "We thank you so much for your hospitality," the king said politely. "I feel greatly enriched by your company," Faramir agreed. "I desire to have the pleasure again someday." "You're welcome," several of the girls chimed in. "Farewell," the rangers bid, though not before Estel shook their hands and wished them well. The door closed with a soft thud, and the apartment was silent for the first time in several hours. "Whew," the writer breathed. "Sorry for the short-notice. Thanks for being so awesome with them; y'all are the best." "No problem, Texan," one girl said. "They were pretty chill." "Yeah," her younger sister affirmed. "You've got some pretty legit friends." "Indeed!" Estel laughed. "Indeed." . . . Thank you guys so much for reading! I'd love to hear back from you if you'll take a moment to review. The muses are pretty quiet these days, but I bet I'll churn out another story or two before the summer is up. Be on the lookout!