the Hobbit. "I feel thin. Sort of stretched, like butter scraped over too much bread. I need a holiday. A very long holiday. And I don't expect I shall return, in fact I mean not to." Adria frowned lightly, her eyes flashing with sadness at the exhausted air the hobbit now held as he gripped his hands near his heart. 0.0.0 It was well into the night by the time Adrianna joined the party, the warm glow from numerous fires and candles set up below a beacon she could see even from the highest hill. The party was over the top, not that it surprised the woman in the least bit, if there was one thing she had learned in her years within the Shire it was that the Hobbits could throw parties and celebrations that could rival even those of the Dwarves, given enough reason and time. The empty meadow was not willed with large tents, the hard earth packed down with a makeshift dance floor, lined on each side with tables and a small stage where an equally small gathering of Hobbits played numerous Instruments that the woman wouldn't have been able to pronounce let alone play. Shifting her attention towards the fireworks near Gandalf's cart she couldn't help but smile as the small children bounced around the Wizard excitedly, the old creature all too willing to show off his newest explosives to appease his tiny audience. Small fire butterflies flew around her as she made her way through the crowd of children, offering a smile to a child who had bumped into her, too excited to see her despite the fact she towered over the children even more than she did the adults. Slowly turning away from one of the many buffet lines she danced and dodged the happy hobbits as she made an attempt to make it to a table without losing the entirety of her mug, the cool amber liquid shifting only slightly as she side stepped around a particularly large hobbit. Shifting her attention towards her desired target she smiled as Sam stared over his shoulder at the dance floor, a chuckle building in her throat as he spun around when one of the female hobbits waved at him. Unable to contain her laughter as his faint mumbles reached her she dropped down next to the disgruntled—embarrassed—hobbit, briefly hearing Bilbo thanking people for arriving, in the next moment Frodo drops between the pair with a grin on his face. "Go on, Sam! Ask Rosie for a dance!" "I think I'll just have another ale." Sam states after a brief pause, slowly getting to his feet while Frodo only frowned. "Oh no you don't! Go on!" Frodo laughed, swiftly getting up after Sam he grabs the other Hobbit, spinning him around until Sam was caught by Rosie, who smiled and took him through the dance floor causing the two friends at the table to laugh merrily. "Well, My Lady, will you do me the honor of a dance?" Adria laughs, allowing herself to be pulled by the shorter creature, "Come on, my good sir, we should probably find Bilbo! See if he is staying out of trouble." The pair laughs quietly to themselves as they began walking towards the eldest hobbit, the Hobbit in question spinning towards them with a startled expression. "It's the Sackville-Bagginses!" He whispers in a panic, Frodo pulls him towards a tent, Adria following after. "You there!" The agitated she-hobbit snapped, drawing the young woman's attention. "I know you know where Bilbo is! We very much want to speak with him!" Adria nods, furrowing her brow in thought she pointed towards the dance floor, "You just missed him, Miss, he just cut through the dance floor, I think he was looking for someone." The two sneer, before quickly rushing off to the other side of the dance floor. "You're a good boy my lad, I'm very selfish, you know. Yes, I am, Very selfish. I don't know why I took you in after your mother and father died but it wasn't out of charity. I think it was because out of all my numerous relations, you were one of the Baggins that showed real spirit." "Bilbo, have you been at the Gaffer's home brew?" "No. Well, Yes, but that's not the point. The point is, Frodo, you'll be all right." Adria shakes her head slowly, leaving the pair to look for a drink of some sort, "My dear Bagginses and Boffins, Tooks and Brandybucks, Grubbs, Chubbs, Hornblowers, Bolgers, Bracegridles and Proudfoots!" "Proudfeet!" a grumpy hobbit corrects, earning a shrug from Bilbo and a laugh from the crowd. "Today is my 111th birthday! But alas, even Eleventy-one years is far too short a time to live among such excellent admirable Hobbits, I don't know half of you as well as I should like, and I like less than half as you half as well as you deserve." Adria's brows furrow slightly from her spot next to Gandalf as the crowd grows silent, the smiles falling from everyone's faces as Bilbo messes with the object in his pocket, "I uh-. I have things to do. I've put this off for far too long." Adria frowns deeply as he pulls the small object out, hiding it behind his back as Gandalf shares a brief knowing look before turning back to the hobbit. "I regret to announce this is the end! I'm going now. I bid you all a very fond farewell. Goodbye." Bilbo disappears and the crowd erupts into Chaos, gasps of shock and horror echoing before they jumped to their feet, beginning a search for the missing Hobbit. "We must find him." And there we have chapter one, and I'm off to bed so I can function at work tomorrow, whoohoo! I'll be posting a few other stories within the next week and I suppose the one that ends up with the most traffic will end up being what gets updated the quickest.