them, and if after that any living thing broke through our ring, then it was no Orc and had some Elvish power." "Our friends are attired even as we are," Aragorn pressed, "and you passed by under the full light of day." Éomer blinked. "I had forgotten that. It is hard to be sure of anything among so many marvels. How shall a man judge what to do in such times?" "As he ever has judged," Aragorn murmured, "Good and ill have not changed since yesteryear; nor are they one thing among Elves and Dwarves and another among Men. It is a man's part to discern them, as much in the Golden Wood as in his own house." Éomer nodded. "True indeed. I do not doubt you." Then an emotion flickered in his eyes for a moment before disappearing. "Yet I am not free to do all as I would. It is against our law to let strangers wander at will in our land, until the King himself shall give them leave, and more strict is the command in these days of peril. I have begged you to come back willingly with me, and you will not. Loth I am to begin a battle of one hundred against five." Aragorn shook his head, "I do not think your law was made for such a chance. My duty at least is clear, to go on. Aid us, or at the worst let us go free." I watched Éomer as he seemed to work through Aragorn's words, as though weighing each one carefully. Finally, he spoke: "We both have need of haste. This is my choice: You may go, and what is more, I will lend you horses. This only I ask – when your quest is achieved, or is proved vain, return with the horses of the Entwade to Meduseld, the high house in Edoras where Théoden now sits. Thus you shall prove to him that I have not misjudged. In this place myself, and maybe my very life, in the keeping of your good faith. Do not fail." Aragorn smiled. "I will not." With that, Éomer called again in his tongue and four horses were brought forward. "Alas, I have but four. May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters." Aragorn thanked him quietly, mounting a chestnut brown mare easily. Legolas swung up onto a tan coloured horse, pulling Gimli behind him. The Dwarf grumbled as he attempted to make himself comfortable, and I would have been amused if my thoughts had not been so dark. Aragorn had said we would not fail, but my heart was sinking more and more as every moment passed. "And this is Anwyl," Éomer said as he handed the reins of a beautiful black horse to me, looking fully into my eyes for the first time. "Lady, you are injured…" he said, gesturing to my bloodied arm. His blue eyes were like staring into a clear summer sky, and I found myself unable to look away. "My Lord, I thank you for your concern, but I am fine," I returned slowly, and Ehlon nudged my side. Breaking eye contact, I allowed Ehlon to help me mount the tranquil mare. When I was comfortable, I saw that Éomer was still looking at me as though attempting to sight my soul. Did he still doubt us? Finally he looked away, mounting his horse and turning briefly to Aragorn. "In hopes that we meet again, lord, ride well!" And with a cry, Éomer bade his Riders onward, their horses circling around us momentarily before thundering past back toward the plain. The nearby trees of what I assumed was the Fangorn Forest stood silently to our left, their spiking tree tops piercing upward into the sky. Anwyl shifted beneath me, ears pricking up as though listening to sounds beyond my hearing. I rubbed my hand over her flank, murmuring soothing words. She calmed instantly, but when I turned to Ehlon next to me, I could tell something dark was on her mind. "What is it?" I asked, but she shook her head. "It is nothing," she said. Our eyes met, and I knew she'd been thinking of the Hobbits. I closed my eyes briefly – if we were to find out Merry and Pippin had been slain, I wasn't sure if I would be able to go on. I had let them out of my protection, and now they could be dead. A hand touched my shoulder. It was Aragorn. "Let us ride on," he said quietly, his hazel eyes piercing into mine. I nodded, and Ehlon gave me a sad look as she urged her horse forward. I had felt them alive, had I not? Or had it been a falsity, a moment of excitement? Tears stung at my eyes as I nudged Anwyl gently. She worked into a steady gallop after the others, her hooves pounding on the golden grass. The wind tore at my hair, and the jostling sent surges of fresh pain up my arm. I winced, but there was nothing I could do. Ride on we would, to whatever end… Well, here is my first chapter of the second installment of the series. :) I'd like to thank you all for sticking with me. I do appreciate every single one of you for your interest in the story, and now that I am back from my trip to Europe (which was incredible), I will be uploading more frequently as long as time permits. As you can see from the ending of this chapter, Amira is facing some heavy things: there is the question of whether or not Merry and Pippin are alive, and of course, her injury is worsening to some extent. Though we all know the fate of the two Hobbits, one can never know what just might happen when you have an author like me stirring things up... Please review! They make me grin like a fool.