think of what to say. "You were thinking…" Pippin prompted. "I was…" Merry shook his head. "Home. We should go home." Pippin was on his feet before he'd even finished the sentence. The journey back was quiet. Merry didn't know why. It wasn't as if anything had just happened that would warrant a suspenseful silence. Everything was, or should have been, normal, because the besotted thing had just been an act, after all – and now it was over. But the silence still lingered, padding in the door after them, and following them over to the sofa, curling itself between them like a cat. "Thanks," Merry said eventually. "For…you know. With Colin and Jim." Pippin grinned. "I was good, wasn't I?" "You were – very convincing," Merry had to admit, because even now, smile wide and familiar, there was still something in his expression that made Merry feel as if he could just lean in again and – Merry shook his head and resolutely faced forward. "We can break up tomorrow night," he decided. Beside him, Pippin went very still, and when Merry glanced over at him, Pippin was looking right at him, face almost…solemn. "Am I really so bad as a boyfriend, then?" It was the perfect opening for a joke or some teasing, but the expression on Pippin's face and the careful way he was holding himself – the moment was too quiet for anything but the truth. "Not bad , no, it's – you're not bad," Merry explained. "It's just – it's not real , you know?" Abruptly, Pippin leapt to his feet, making Merry jump. "Why didn't you say so?" "What?" "Don't just stand there! Come on!" Pippin seized his arm and pulled him to his feet, tugging him towards the bedroom. Merry blinked at this sudden turnaround. "Well?" Pippin demanded, after hustling him through their bedroom door. "What are you waiting for?" "What?" Merry repeated. "Strip!" Pippin grabbed the bottom of Merry's shirt, as if to help. Merry's hands shot down, slapping at Pippin's fingers. "What? No!" "Come on, it's not like it's anything I haven't seen before!" "But why ?" "What d'you mean why? This was your idea!" Merry gaped. " My idea?" "Yes! You said this wasn't real enough, so we're getting naked for the purposes of verisimilitude." It wasn't like the word had helped him out so far, but Merry couldn't stop himself from trying again. "What?" Suddenly, Pippin's face was against his, arms around his shoulders. His voice was warm with laughter in Merry's ear as he pleaded, "Don't make me say it again, Merry. Ver – verisu…I don't think I can say it again…" He pressed another of those sweet, easy kisses on Merry's cheek before drawing back. He looked at Pippin's cheerful, hopeful face. It felt like the floor was buckling and swaying under his feet. It was exactly what he wanted – but at the same time, it wasn't , and Merry made one last attempt to get back on solid ground. "Look Pip, it's – it's a nice thought, yeah? But – just because I'm standing here…it doesn't mean I'm waiting in line, and you don't need to give me a go." Pippin frowned. "What are you talking about?" "It's not important," Merry said. "Just – something someone said. But it's not – I'm not following some strategy here." "Why not?" Pippin asked. "Why not? Why not? Because I don't want to just stand around, waiting for you to get around to me!" Pippin shrugged. "It's worked all right for me." He stopped. "At least…I think it has. If you took off your clothes I'd know for sure." Merry blinked. "…what?" "Well, you didn't think I was hanging about, letting you get me into all sorts of trouble for nothing, did you?" Pippin's eyes were bright and very green. "I thought…hang on – letting me get you into trouble?" "You know, luring strange room-mates out of hiding, stealing food from the cafeteria, drawing moustaches on drunk, passed out people…" "Hey – those were all your ideas!" "'Oh, Pippin, I can't tell you about Tim. You have to see him for yourself.' 'Pippin, there's no way you could lift three bars of chocolate without getting caught.' 'What d'you think Stephen would look like with whiskers, Pip?'" "All right, maybe they weren't all your ideas," Merry acknowledged. "But – I thought you did those things for fun." "Well, that too," Pippin admitted. "What else was I supposed to do, while I was waiting for you?" A sweet, sharp kind of feeling shot through Merry. He tried to force it down. "So all that time, you were waiting for me ." It came out less cynical than he wanted. Pippin smiled. "Exactly! And now that we've got that cleared up, what's say we get down to business, eh?" His fingers were suddenly at the bottom of Merry's shirt again, scrabbling with buttons and brushing against Merry's stomach. Merry grabbed his hands to stop him. "Hang on a minute – if you were waiting for me all that time…then what about all those blokes you were seeing on the side?" "Well, I got bored!" Pippin said. "And you have to admit, it did get your attention." "You could have just told me!" "For that matter, so could you," he pointed out. "And besides, where's the fun in that?" "Fun?" "Aren't we having fun right now?" Merry stared at him. " No!" Pippin tipped his chin up, a challenge. "All right…well…what are you going to do about that?" Merry opened his mouth. Closed it. Then he tackled Pippin onto the bed. "See," Pippin said afterwards. He sounded sleepy, yawning through his next sentence, "S'like I kept telling you." "Mm?" Merry mumbled. "You just can't argue with true love." Pippin slid an arm around him, heavy and comforting. Merry closed his eyes, then brought his hand up to rest on top of Pippin's. "See," Pippin said again, slowly, softly. "S'easy." And it was.