are but a brief ripple in the clear waters of elven thought, yet I deem them to be the most valuable years I have ever experienced in my life. And soon they will be gone! And Gimli with them… I turn my attention again to the fading light, but now I sense the presence of another. Someone approaches from the camps, and it takes but a moment to name him. I no longer need elven senses to hear his feet or catch his scent of earth and stone. I know Gimli's song almost as well as I know my own, and as he nears me, I feel his arrival in the strands of life that weave their web through all of Arda. He is a steadying presence of both confidence and caution, a curious mix that is fairly typical of all dwarves, though they still claim that elves are the contrary creatures. "Gimli," I murmur in greeting, sparing him a brief glance ere I turn back to the sunset. It is easier to watch the dying light than to look at Gimli with my thoughts so near the surface. "Legolas," he answers, and I feel him stop beside me. "The captains are to meet at Aragorn's tent within the hour. Will you join us?" "I will be there shortly." Out of the corner of my eye, I see him nod, but he makes no move to leave. We stand together in silence, watching the final moments of the sun, but its descent is now so swift that I must steel myself against an urge to flee. "You are quiet," Gimli says at length. "Are you in need of distraction?" At first, I am confused by the question, but then I recognize the hesitation in his voice and realize what he fears. "Nay, my friend," I say, forcing a smile. "Distraction will not be necessary. The Sea is not in my thoughts tonight." Which is a lie, but as lies go, it is a small one. Though always present, the lure of the Sea does not overwhelm me this evening. "That is well," Gimli says, his voice gruff. "But it is clear that something troubles you. Would you be willing to share what thoughts you have?" There is nothing of mirth in his question, but even so, I am tempted to laugh. What would Gimli make of my thoughts? Elven fancy, perhaps? Musings that have no place on the eve of war? But what better time to have such musings? I would be ill-advised to entertain these thoughts in the midst of battle, and after the battle, it might be too late. This time is the important time. This day is the only day we have with certainty. But if I were to explain this, would Gimli understand? Or would he dismiss my concerns as he has so many times before? "My thoughts are of time," I say at length, considering my words and attempting to construct a warning of sorts within them. One that cannot be debated openly but that might be heard all the same. "How swiftly and how slowly it moves," I continue. "It occurs to me that I have never seen the results of your westward expansion in Aglarond. There were not days enough when I was last in Rohan, and now war has come ere I could return to see them. I fear I did not appreciate how little time was given me for my stay. My apologies." I turn to Gimli, and his eyes meet mine, dark and fathomless as the chasms of Moria. Something flickers within their depths, but I cannot read what it might be. Then it is gone, and Gimli shakes his head. "The fault is not yours. I see no reason for an apology." "Nevertheless, I offer one. Time is not a kind master. Perhaps we have not given it the respect it deserves." Gimli frowns, and his faces takes on an expression of frightening intensity. "The respect it deserves? Tell me, Legolas: Would our respect alter time in any way?" It is my turn to frown. "Nay, but—" "Then let us save our respect for things that will heed it." He will not see. He refuses to see. He must know the purpose behind my words, yet he ignores me. And were I to speak plainly, he would refute me. By Elbereth, what must I say to turn this stubborn, intractable dwarf forward again? What must I do to force him back into a mortal sense of time? How can I make him see that the future grows shorter with each day and that his time to act is dwindling into naught! I stare at him for a long moment, hoping he will see in my face that which I cannot express in my words. Hoping he will hear my unspoken thoughts as he has so many times before. Meeting my gaze, something once again flashes within his eyes. "Do not trouble yourself about the mines' expansion, Legolas," he says as the last of the sun's light gives way to darkness. "Such adventures can be saved until another year. We have time enough for that." And I lift my head toward the stars, hoping the wind will dry my tears. The rest of the acknowledgements: First of all, HUGE thanks go out to Docmon, the amazing beta who caught all kinds of flaws in this story and remains a fountain of endless wisdom. May she enjoy seven square meals a day forever! Beyond that, "The Day Before" was inspired primarily by comments made by JastaElf, Deepsea Dolphin, and Mer, but I'd also like to credit Dawn, Lani, and Narmolanya. They all insisted that more of the story needed to be told. And finally, I'd like to credit Dwimordene, who chimed in with a plotbunny for this story after it was written but before it was posted. Thank you, one and all. I couldn't have done it without your encouragement. ;)