Are you injured?" she asked, assessing him carefully. He chuckled lightly and shook his head, waving her off. "It is not I who was injured, Lúthiel. Young Frodo here, was caught by a Nazgul's blade," he said, glancing from Frodo—the hobbit—to Glorfindel with meaning. Briefly, Aragorn began to tell them of the attack on their camp under Weathertop, and of the deadly knife with which Frodo was stricken. He drew out the hilt of the knife, which he had kept with him to show the Elves. "There are evil things written on this hilt," he said, "though maybe your eyes cannot see them. Keep it, Aragorn, till we reach the house of Elrond. But be wary, and handle it as little as you may. Alas, the wounds of this weapon are beyond my skill to heal. I will do what I can—but all the more do I urge you now to go on without rest." Glorfindel knelt and searched the wound on Frodo's shoulder with his fingers. His face grew graver as he searched, as though what he learned disquieted him, but Frodo's face seemed to lighten and break through the painful fog, as though the mere touch of the Elf helped to soothe the pain. "I shall take Frodo to Lord Elrond. Lúthiel will lead you on at a ruthless pace, understand? Lúthiel, do not let them rest more than they must, or eat more than they need. I am away." Glorfindel said and lifted Frodo onto his horse. "May Eru speed your way." Lúthiel said as she relinquished his reigns to him. As she watched Glorfindel ride off with Frodo, Lúthiel felt a hand on her arm. She turned to find Aragorn there with a soft smile on his face. She returned it and hugged him tightly. "Lúthiel…" he said as though it were a sigh. "Aragorn, it's been too long." Lúthiel answered, clasping his arm with hers. Aragorn did the same and smiled. "Well, we should be heading towards Rivendell, and hastily. Lord Elrond—the old beast—has some very important meeting in a few days." Lúthiel said, placing her hands on her hips and turning to the hobbits. "Well hello, you must be the other halflings. I am Lúthiel, and I'm to lead you to Rivendell." "I'm Peregrin Took, but you can call me Pippin. This here is my good friend and relation Merry." "Meriadoc Brandybuck at your service, my lady." "Merry and Pippin…and you would be…" "Samwise Gamgee, uh…Sam, my lady." said the last one with a little bow. Lúthiel smiled and shook her head. "You need not bow to me, Mister Sam, I am no lady. I am a ranger, like Aragorn here." "Strider, Lúthiel. They know me as Strider." "Aragorn?" Pippin asked. "I have many names." Aragorn said simply. Lúthiel began packing things onto the pony and her own horse, Galad. "We must travel quickly, for there are four riders unaccounted for. Come, ready yourselves for a grueling pace my new friends." Lúthiel said. She stepped away from the hobbits and gripped Aragorn's arm for a moment. " Hûn nín liria na cen lle, mellon nín . [My heart sings to see thee, my friend.]" she said with a small smile, placing her hand over her heart. Aragorn cupped her cheek lightly and nodded. " Gwen w in in enninath . [Long years have passed.]" he answered, letting his hand drop to her shoulder. He gripped her shoulder with a tight smile, and then turned to help pack. The last time Aragorn had seen his daughter, she had been sixteen years old. After his first real meeting with her, on the day of his mother's burial, he made a point to visit her as often as possible. He loved her from first sight, but hated himself more and more. He watched as she blossomed into a young woman, who blossomed into a warrior. She was a Dúnedain, a descendant of Numenor, and she fought as well—if not better—than all of his rangers. Aragorn glanced at her for a moment and noticed her clothing. Despite living in Rivendell for a year now, she still wore the ragged leathers of the Dúnedain. Her tunic was richer, the deep blue color only the Elves could extract from dyes, but her jerkin and breeches were the same old worn leather, weathered from long days in the sun and long nights in the rain and mud. What was odd however, was the fact that she wore boots. He'd never once seen her in shoes, in all her years she had despised them, going so far as to claim that they impeded her tracking abilities. He assumed it had something to do with her now living in Rivendell. On her hip hung a curved Elvish sword, and strapped to her back were two long silver knives. He knew not what other weapons were hidden in the folds of her cloak or tunic, but suspected more than the eye could see. She was fond of blades, and deadly with them, but her use of bow and arrow was not to be scoffed at either. She was an amazing warrior, even as young as she was. "Hurry now, it is my task to get you all to Rivendell safely." Lúthiel said as she tossed a pack over her shoulder. They set off for Rivendell at a grueling pace, and reached the Ford of Bruinen on the 22nd. Once they passed into Rivendell, Lúthiel felt as though she were home again, which was strange to her after calling Buckland her home for nearly sixteen years. After seeing to the hobbits and reporting back to Lord Elrond, Lúthiel went to her room and found a hot bath drawn up for her in the back foyer. She closed the curtain separating the back from the front of the room and stripped free of her clothing. She slid into the bathwater and sighed, letting all the aches from the long journey dissolve into the hot, lavender-scented water.