memory. "Maybe Mr. Frodo could have put some of that in," he said. "But it didn't really seem to matter. Nothing that happened between Rivendell and Moria was big enough." "If we could return to the subject of Rivendell—" Aragorn began. "I think we should include the morning that Gimli tangled himself in Bill's lead rope," Legolas said, pitching his voice over Aragorn's. "I think we should include the night that Legolas fell out of the tree," Gimli returned. "If I might draw your attention back to—" "What of when Gimli sat on the last of the mushrooms and fled before the wrath of the hobbits?" "What of when Legolas and Boromir tried to add Gandalf's pipe to the fire on Caradhras?" "Which was a wearying trial for all," Aragorn said loudly. "But what was not a wearying trial was the journey between the Prancing Pony and the Ford!" Sam clutched his head and considered making a dash for the door. It was not too far a run, and if he left now, the other three might not even notice his absence until they stopped trying to speak over one another. Of course, all three had keen eyes, and if they caught his escape before it could be completed, they would be doubly on guard afterward. Perhaps he could plead illness and be excused. His headache was certainly large enough! Deciding that this was the best option available, Sam took a deep breath, readied himself to be heard above the rising clamor, and— "My lords?" The room was immediately silent as the door to the study opened and Faramir entered, his face innocently blank. The breath Sam had intended to use for a shout rushed out of him as a strangled gasp, and he shot a pleading look at the man. "Lord Steward?" Aragorn prompted, his eyes challenging. "My liege, a message arrived for Master Gamgee from the Shire. It was requested that he read it at his earliest convenience." "A message for me?" Sam perked up, his hopes soaring. The man nodded. "The courier waits within your quarters." "And you have become the courier's errand boy?" Legolas asked, his tone oddly flat. Faramir smiled. "Such a role enabled me to forsake the company of quarreling guild masters." "A worthy reason," Gimli conceded, though his eyes narrowed. "Well, I'd best be on my way," Sam said, jumping out of his chair. "With your leave, that is," he added to Aragorn, though he was already halfway to the door. His lips pressed firmly together, Aragorn gave him a short nod. "We will have to resume this at a later date." "I'll…look forward to that," Sam managed, and hurried through the door, loosing a sigh of relief when Faramir shut it behind him. "Bless me but you've a good sense of timing and no mistake!" he hissed to the Steward. Faramir laughed. "Had I my way, I would have contrived an earlier escape, but there were matters that could not be abandoned until now. Come, then. You appear in need of refreshment, and I think the kitchens will fix somewhat for you if I request it." Sam blinked. "Isn't the courier—" "Dear Master Gamgee, there is no courier!" Faramir said, laughing again. "No courier?" Sam echoed, staring at Faramir. "Then what… You mean this was all just to get me out of the room?" Faramir nodded, stifling his laugh. "As I said before, I would have done so earlier, but duty demanded my attention elsewhere." He paused. "You truly believed there was a courier?" "You said there was! I hadn't any cause to think differently!" "Then forgive me, my friend," Faramir said. "I forget that you are unfamiliar with the machinations of Gondor's courts. Such maneuverings may not be common, but they are not unheard of. And this was done with little care for subtlety. My own role as an errand boy was highly suspect, but more than that, it was most peculiar for a courier to await you in your quarters when he could have easily joined you in the study." "Oh. I guess that is a bit—" Sam broke off as something occurred to him. "Does that mean Strider knows there isn't a courier?" "Indeed he does, and Legolas and Gimli, too." Sam looked back over his shoulder, almost expecting the other three to come after them in protest of Faramir's deception. "Then why—" "They allowed you to leave because they could not challenge my word without proof," Faramir explained. "And it would have looked rather strange for all four of you to journey to your quarters in search of a simple courier." "I suppose that's all well and good," Sam said slowly, "but…won't you be in trouble later?" "Nay, I think my ruse impressed upon them the fact that they were behaving as fools. I need only remind them of that to escape reprisal. Now come. Unless, of course, you have no interest in the kitchens…" "Coming!" Sam said quickly as they started off. "And I should have said it before, but thank you! I felt I was going mad in there." "I felt likewise last night as we were reading together." Sam stopped short. "You read it, too?" "When Gimli was not blocking the parchment," Faramir said. "I found it to be very informative, for I had not heard the full tale from a hobbit's perspective. Legolas remembers it quite differently." "I'm sure he does," Sam mumbled as a feeling of dread rose in his heart. "Actually, there was something I wished to speak to you about. Was it Merry who told Frodo of my courtship with Eowyn?" "I think so." Sam knew exactly where this was going now. "I suspected as much. It is a rather abrupt account and reads as though her change of heart happened in but a moment. Such was not the case, I fear. In particular, the mention of—" Faramir's voice droned on, but Sam was no longer listening. The headache drowned all.