and he shuddered with the knowledge that he now lay where Khamûl had stood. "It is ready. We must try again." He glanced toward Lindir and eyed the cloth being laved in the basin. He felt Elrohir sigh, and then he was braced upon his brother's chest, his head held tightly against the crook of Elrohir's neck. "Your head we have already tended, but we need to clean the wound in your side," Elrohir whispered. "We have also a poultice to pack on it. There is poison in the cut, and though your blood washed most of it out, some remains." Elladan closed his eyes, knowing what was to happen next. He tried to relax and allow whatever tincture he had been given to send him to sleep. But as Lindir laid the cloth against his side, the sudden pain roused him. "It was Khamûl," he groaned, speaking more to distract than to converse. "The Nazgûl?" Elrohir asked, his arms tensing. "How do you know?" "We spoke." Elrohir stilled, and Lindir paused in his ministrations. "You spoke?" Elladan nodded once in affirmation. It was a slight motion, but pressed as he was against Elrohir's collarbone, he knew his brother would feel it. "When you are better, you will have to relate the particulars of this conversation," Elrohir said at length. Heat flared in his side as Lindir resumed cleaning the wound, and Elladan arched against it. "Khamûl lied," he gasped. "I imagine so." "But not at first." Elladan buried his head against his brother, struggling to hold still for Lindir. "Only later did it become a lie." "Hush," Elrohir soothed. "Think no more of it." "He lied about his screams. He must have lied about more than that," Elladan murmured, wishing he had strength for more than just a breathy whisper. "Of course he did. But do not let your mind dwell on him," Elrohir said, his voice firm. "You are safe!" "Am I? Are any of us?" Elladan jerked suddenly and Elrohir's arms became iron bands. "Yes," his brother said, and there could be no mistaking the concern in his voice. "We are safe." "But what if Khamûl spoke truly?" Elladan hissed, needing to know. "Sauron never touched the Three, but what if—" "Elladan!" The warning in his brother's tone was clear. Even caught in the fog of medicine and pain, Elladan heard it. He could not abandon his fears, though, and spurred by darkness, they became sharp and piercing. "But—" "Whatever he said—and whatever you said—we will speak of later," Elrohir interrupted sternly. "For now, you will think of other things. There is darkness enough tonight, and there are many listening ears." Elladan wished to protest. To demand answers. To learn the truth. But Elrohir had not heard Khamûl's words, and the Rings of Power held not the compulsion for him that they did for Elladan. Elrohir was not bound to Vilya. He trusted their father to weigh the risks and the consequences of wielding the Ring. Elladan was not as confident. But neither was he as healthy, and when a spike of pain erupted from his side, Elrohir gripped him tighter and began to speak. His voice was pitched as a low drone, the words washing over Elladan. He caught parts of phrases. Pieces of fragments. Enough to know that Elrohir spoke of the battle in Mirkwood. Of how the Necromancer had fled before the attack ever began. Of how Mithrandir was already gone, riding north on the tidings of war in Erebor. Of how Curunír now searched the forest for artifices and devices of the Enemy, allowing few to assist him. Through it all, Elladan drifted in and out of sleep. The draught he had been given pulled him toward dreams, but pain countered with fiery agony along his ribs. He did not know which would win if left to battle indefinitely, but at length, Lindir finished whatever care his side needed. Elladan felt himself lowered to the floor, his head cushioned by his brother's leg. Fire-warmed blankets encased him, and the scent of athelas again filled the room. Fingers carded through his hair, tugging gently, while a palm smoothed the furrows in his brow. "Hush," Elrohir whispered. "I am here, and you are safe. Sleep." The pain from his injuries persisted, but Elladan forced his shoulders to relax and uncurled his fists. Yet as he did so, the Nazgûl's words concerning choice and desire sneered at him. Had Elladan truly willed himself to relax? Had he consciously ordered his actions? Or had he voiced a desire only? A desire forced upon him by the need to rest just as pain and fear forced upon him the inability to rest? And what desires might be forced upon one of the Three? And from there, what desires might one of the Three force upon its Bearer? What desires might Vilya force upon Elrond? Sleep beckoned, warm and peaceful. Unable to resolve his questions, Elladan struggled away from his memories. He could not endure them now. When he was stronger, he would speak with Elrohir, for together, they were always able to answer the Enemy's darkness. As though cued by this, his brother began rubbing Elladan's temples. The rhythmic motion dulled the pain, and when Elrohir began humming an old lullaby, Elladan finally escaped his shadows. Turning his back on the darkness, he swiftly fell into sleep's welcoming embrace. But as night faded to gray, from a dark corner of his mind where fear coiled behind a thin veil of doubt, Elladan heard a Nazgûl scream. -0-0-0-0-0- Ilid —Elf (assumed Black Speech, though admittedly it could be a local orc dialect) Tark —Man of Dúnedain ancestry (assumed Black Speech, see above) A Elbereth Gilthoniel, silivren penna míriel o menel aglar elenath! Na-chaered palan-díriel —O Elbereth Starkindler, white-glittering, sparkling like jewels, the glory of the starry host slants down. Having gazed far away— (Taken from the song sung in the Hall of Fire, FotR p.286 in the paperback edition)