Legolas, trying to decide how to approach him, while the dwarf tried to convince them to turn around. From the sound of it the dwarf was the son of one of those he had imprisoned. That made this all the more fun. He allowed him a last grin before smoothing his features and riding forward. The group grew silent the moment his soft hoof beats could be he turned the last corner he found a sword, axe, and arrow pointed at him. He gave all three an unimpressed glare. His final gaze, however, settled on his son. "Put that away before you hurt yourself elfling", he growled, making the dwarf twitch and Estel hold back a chuckle. Legolas flushed, quickly lowering his bow. Once the arrow had been taken off completely he nodded. "Good, first let me finish to formalities and say, welcome to Eryn Lasgalen, yes even you Master Dwarf. You will not be locked away as your father had, and Estel already knows he is always welcomed here. You, my elfling, have much more explaining to do", he finished, turning his gaze on a confused Legolas. 'Wait, Eryn Lasgalen?" he asked, but was ignored. Thranduil turned, motioning for them to follow. "Come, we must hurry back", he said evenly. The three did so, though Legolas moved to ride beside his father. "Ada, what of-" but a raised hand stopped him. "A conversation for home", he said softly. Legolas nodded, "now explain to me why you were sending those herbs?" Legolas flushed again, making both of his companions laugh. The three spoke softly as they traveled, very conscious of the strait backed figure that rode in front. Finally the gates came into sight and they were welcomed with roaring applause. Thranduil stopped it with a raised hand. He would not allow them to wake her up with their noise. "You can welcome them all at the feast tomorrow night", he said evenly, voice heard to them all. They all nodded, giving Legolas a pat on the arm or back in welcome before moving off again. They all dismounted, stable hands taking their mounts as maids took their baggage. Finally they were led inside. Thranduil led them up to the royal wing before stopping. In one fluid movement he spun, catching Legolas up in a hug. He had the privacy now to welcome his son properly. Legolas automatically clung to him, hugging him in return. "Nevr do that again, or by Valar I will tie you to your bed and never let you out again", he gasped, voice filled with emotion. Legolas laughed softly. "And to think I thought I would be greeted with anger", he said, pulling away. Thranduil smiled knowingly. "Oh no, that would be your wife's job. No, the anger is most definitely not mine", he said, he glanced back when he heard both of the mortals choke. "Wife?" they gasped. Legolas gave an almost shy nod before turning to his father. "Where is she? I thought she woukd be the first to greet me", he said. Thranduil gave a laugh, eyes bright. "She would have been had I not been forced to use her own herbs against her", he said, laying an arm over his son's shoulders. He paid no mind to the two that followed them. Legolas sighed. "I had hoped she would not", he said, But Thranduil chuckled. "She fits very well into the family. She even puts sleep off like we do", he said with a good natured grin. Legolas laughed. "So she does. Should I go wake her then?" He knew that spark in his ada's eye. He had something planned. Sure enough, Thranduil shook his head. "Not yet no, just stay to the side until I tell you", he said, stopping before a door. He nodded, moving to stand to one side and motioning his friends to do the same. Thranduil opened the door, leaving it wide and letting the light in he otherwise dark room. A lump sat on the bed, covered in blankets. It gave a moan as the light filtered in. Thranduil moved to her side and shook her shoulder gently. "Come now child, time to wake up", he said, causing another groan. "No, ada go away! You had to drug me now you can let me sleep in", came the muffled reply. Thranduil chuckled, shaking her a little more. "Now is that a way for a princess to act?" he teased. IN an instant a pillow came up and smacked him in the face. There was an audible gasp from the door, though from who he did not know. Unfazed he picked up the pillow and swatted her back before tossing it out of reach. He then gripped the blankets and yanked them off of her. She hissed as the cold air surrounded her, making her curl in on herself. She took another pillow and cover her face. "No! Even that will not get me up", she groaned, making him sigh. He turned and silently motioned for Legolas to come in. He did so, feet not making a sound. 'Very well, I will have to resort to other means then", he said with a dramatic sigh. He motioned for Legolas to get on the bed before stepping back to watch. Legolas did so, climbing onto the bed and laying down beside her. With one hand he reached out and tweaked her ear. "is this how you greet me?" He asked. Elenya sat up so quick the pillow flew off the bed. She turned to stare at him in shock for a long moment before tackling him, knocking them both off the bed. They landed with a thump, making Thranduil laugh softly before turning back to the door. Both Aragorn and Gimli watched, Gimli with shock and Aragorn with amusement. He guided them out before shutting the door firmly. If we are lucky, we will see them at dinner. Now why don't I show you to your rooms?"