hope can be called such," Elrohir murmured, but he began walking again. "Even so, I draw some comfort from our words. There is reassurance in knowing that the only oathbreakers present this night are those who no longer draw breath." Elladan frowned, and the night's chill crept down his spine. "I would not be so quick to make that claim." Elrohir raised his brow in silent inquiry. "Eowyn," Elladan explained, once again stopping their walk. "Her charge is to lead these people while her kinsmen ride to war, but it is not a task to her liking. She would sooner spend her days in battle." "If these people are her charge, then she has little choice in the matter. She must remain." "Must she?" Elladan looked out over the dark encampment. "This is a fell place filled with fell whispers. They are not loud enough for mortal ears, yet their presence cannot be denied. I perceived their voices when we climbed the trail this evening, and treasonous words breed treasonous thoughts." "You said yourself that Eowyn was a true shieldmaiden," Elrohir pointed out, though he sounded less certain. "Surely she understands her duty." "She may understand too well," Elladan murmured. "She sees herself as thrice wronged: once by Wormtongue, once by Theoden, and only moments ago by Estel. Three times has the task of waiting been placed at her feet, and twice she has obeyed only to see the constraints of that duty pull her further and further from any hope of valor. She has dwindled while those commanding her have risen in power and might. Will she allow a third time?" Elladan shook his head. "Were she in Edoras, perhaps. But not here. Not so near these shades." Elrohir's eyes narrowed. "What do you see?" "Too much. Too little. The days narrow, and darkness comes quickly. But my heart tells me that Eowyn will join the ranks of the oathbreakers, in deed at least if not in fate." He rubbed his brow. "It may be that much good will come of broken oaths. Certainly those within the mountain will be of greater use to us than they would have been to Isildur. Yet what of the cost? For thousands of years, the oathbreakers have been cursed to walk as shades. To linger in twilight while all around them fades into naught." "To suffer the fate of the elves," Elrohir whispered. Elladan looked at him sharply, but then he began to nod. "Yes," he said at length. "Perhaps Arwen has it aright after all," Elrohir muttered. He fell silent for a moment, his eyes distant, and then he sighed. "Should we speak of Eowyn to Estel? He has some influence among the Rohirrim." Elladan shook his head. "Nay. He will have foreseen this himself, if weariness has not driven it from his mind. Moreover, we have no right to deny Eowyn her choice. The oath is hers to keep or break as she chooses. Enough choices have been made for her already." "If we err in this, we may come to lament our own choices," Elrohir warned. "For if aught should befall her—or if aught should befall Rohan in her absence—it will be on our heads." "Then it will be on our heads," Elladan declared. "But I will not decide out of fear for the future. The days are moving too quickly for that. We can but look to our own path." "As the elves have done so frequently of late." Elladan frowned. "Would you rather we compel a vow that is not ours to condone or condemn? Would you rather we be oathkeepers, as were the sons of Fëanor?" "I would rather this war were put behind us," Elrohir snapped. "I would rather be gone from this place. And I would rather you not compare our deeds to those of the kinslayers!" Dropping his eyes, Elladan placed a hand on his brother's shoulder. "My apologies, Elrohir. I spoke out of anger." Beneath his hand, Elladan felt his brother relax. "As did I," Elrohir murmured. "And I also am sorry. This mountain… These whispers…" He trailed off and shook his head. "Put them from your mind," Elladan said firmly. "For now, we must be as both elves and men: we must look to our own, and we must forget the past. And if fortune is kind, then the future will look back on this moment and forget that we stood here debating Eowyn and the oathbreakers, just as the present forgets that we fought on the Field of Celebrant." "If fortune is not kind, then none will look back at all," Elrohir answered, but there was resignation in his voice. "Yet that, too, would be a kindness," Elladan said quietly, "for who would wish to endure such a fate?" Elrohir shook his head wearily. "I have not the heart for this now. Come. If we must trust our fate to bold action, then I would seek what rest I can." "Go," Elladan said. "I will follow." He received a sharp look for that, but Elrohir said naught and turned away, setting out toward the booth that they would share. When his brother had passed from earshot, Elladan turned his eyes to the east where stars glittered faintly above a darkening land. But not even the stars could ward against the silent whispers that closed in around him, and he stiffened at their touch. Small wonder that others had been enticed to join the betrayers. Theirs was the work of despair, and Rohan had seen despair aplenty. "Elbereth guide you, Eowyn, daughter of the Mark," he whispered, questioning the worth of his quiet plea in the face of such darkness. "The shades cast a wide net, and already I fear you lost to it. But mayhap you will find hope and oaths unbroken once the night has passed." And having said these words, Elladan turned to follow his brother, keenly aware that his own path lay deep in the Dwimorberg's shadow.