else could kill him. But he turned, instinctively responding to the cry for help from one of his kin, and upon doing so saw a huge orc holding an elf by the throat. The elf hung limply in the orc's grasp, trying feebly to pry its claws from his throat. In his hand the orc held a thick spear, poised above his head, ready to strike the elf through the heart. Legolas's eyes locked onto the other elf's, and without thinking, Legolas scooped a sword from a dead orc's hand and buried the blade into the orc's heart. It gave a terrible screech of death then slumped to the forest floor, dead. The elf slumped to the ground as well, but he was not dead. He tried to give a weak cry to alarm his fellows of the prince's imminent escape, which angered Legolas. After all, had he not just saved his life? " I should have expected nothing more from a traitor," the prince hissed at the elf, before turning in disgust and fleeing into the forest. Legolas made a face of slight disgust upon this memory. The incident had been soon forgotten, however, as keeping his identity confidential and his whereabouts unknown became so highly prioritized he rarely had time to ponder anything else. A certain mystery had plagued him for quite some time though. As he had fled into the woods, the leader of the orcs he rounded upon him suddenly from behind a tree, seizing him by the throat and holding a knife to his chin. Legolas had time neither to think nor react, and was certain he was about to die, when suddenly a black-notched arrow came flying out from the trees, striking the beast in the heart and killing him instantly. Legolas had no idea how this had come to be; the arrows were completely different from those used by the Mirkwood elves—not that they would have helped the prince anyway. And the shot had come from the trees, beyond the ring where the fighting was occurring. Legolas still had no clue where the mystery savior arrow had come from, but had forced himself to be content with thanking the Valar for the piece of fortune, and moving on. The third encounter occurred thirteen months later. Legolas, feeling safe, had become somewhat settled in a village called Kway. He heard rumors that a band of elves was lurking, searching for someone, but believed himself safe because Kway was a tiny, insignificant village hundreds of miles from Mirkwood. Unfortunately, he had been wrong, and was awoken during the night to the smell of fire. When he peered outside, he saw Aglar's elves ravaging the village: kicking in doors, burning houses, holding villagers by the throat demanding to know whether they knew the whereabouts of Legolas. The elf prince had barely had time to gather his things and flee before they were pounding on his door. As he ascended into the tree he had watched the roof of his home go up in flames, and heard the angry cries of the elves when they realized he had evaded them yet again. Paranoid, he then lived as a nomad for the next two years. He lived in villages but only for periods of mere days. He constantly wore a hood to hide his ears and hair. He never displayed strength more than what any ordinary man would have. He acted entirely like a human, and none ever knew the difference. These are among the reasons that after this he was not caught; he left no mark or anything to suggest he was any different from anyone else. If questioned, humans of villages he visited would have no idea he was anything besides another weary traveler. To the world of elves, it was as though he had disappeared off the face of Middle-Earth. He had simply vanished. Finally, after twenty-five months had passed and Legolas had remained hidden in absolute secrecy, with no close calls or even mere sightings or gossip that Aglar's elves were near, Legolas settled in Fleton. He chose it for its size and location; the village was both tiny and set far apart from Mirkwood or anywhere Aglar's elves might still be scouting. Furthermore, he had observed the town for a few months prior to moving there and had deduced that the people were hard workers, not nosy or prone to gossip, and thus the chances that word of his presence would spread were slim. He had found a job as a laborer and had maintained it steadily, eventually acquiring enough human currency to purchase a small house and make something of a life there. Now, his eyes wandered to the thick oak chest in the corner of the second room of his home. This contained his bow, quiver of arrows, knives and gold which he had taken with him from Mirkwood. He never took them out, never used them. They were locked away quite safely, where they would stay until he needed them again. The only exception was the knives, with which he practiced his footwork and blade work so as not to forget his skills. His bow, however, he never used. It was far too powerful a weapon to use for mere hunting, and he did not dare let any in the village see it, lest they begin to wonder at the strange markings and marvelous craftsmanship of the tool. Legolas bit back a sigh at the sad thought of his unused weapons. Someday, he would return, and his blades would taste the blood of the usurpers. This he vowed silently, as he did every day, swearing mentally that he would return. " Fly, little coward, fly! But it is useless; you will be vanquished just as your brother was…" Someday, his arrow would find Aglar's heart, and then it would be the evil elf who would try to flee. "We shall see who is vanquished in the end, "Legolas swore darkly.