Goss. It was typical Dwarvish poetry, dense, dark, and laden with metallurgic references, but it had a surprisingly emotional core that had kept both their interest. And so, they took turns reading the work aloud, alternately laughing at the construction, and reveling in the content. They had paused their studies when a sharp knock sounded at the door. The Queen, having utterly exhausted her determination not to interfere, had invited her son to these quarters specifically so that Lilly and Eldarion could meet again in relative privacy. For Arwen had not forgotten the time her two children had spent together, and she suspected that neither had they. That she was rather impatient to have grandchildren about may have added to her decision to intervene, but she liked to believe that was a small component. Far more important to her was that these two should find each other again, and this time, not easily surrender what was so very precious. For the Queen knew from long experience that the path to love, while not easy, was well worth the time and effort involved. The door opened, and a beautiful man strode in. Lilly struggled to force air into her suddenly empty lungs. She did not need to cast around in her memory for why this man's face looked familiar. It had changed, but only slightly, less even than had her own in the intervening years. He was the champion of Rohan, the lover she'd never quite forgotten. Her body recognized him in an instant, and reacted to his presence as if the intervening years had not occurred. He stood before her, completely dressed, and yet she saw him as she had left him, hair tousled, eyes drowsy with satisfaction, body long and muscled and unclothed. Eldarion, for his part looked at the wingwoman with puzzlement. He, too recognized his long-remembered lover. His heart hammered for a bit before he realized that this woman was too unchanged to be the same who left him in their riverside tent. Twenty years had passed; his hawk would now be a woman of middle age. The woman in front of him could be no more than thirty. And yet, she looked so like his she-hawk, that he could only assume that this was her daughter in front of him. Joy and crushing sorrow flooded through him in a fierce flood. A daughter…her life had indeed gone on without him. As it should, he instructed himself, as it should. His mother was the first to break the tense silence. "Son, this is the chief of my wingwoman, Lillywyn, daughter of Teolyn. Lilly, this is my son Eldarion, heir to the throne of Gondor, and long champion of the Kingdom of Rohan." Eldarion smoothed a polite smile upon his features and greeted Lilly with a regal nod. If there was one lesson that he had learned well in his years in the courts of man, it was to hide emotions beneath a placid exterior. And so, he took her hand, and showed no reaction when his skin reacted to the touch as it would to a fire. "Lady Lillywyn," he said quietly, "I am honored." "As am I, my lord." For her part, Lilly was unable and unwilling to hide her shock. Her voice came out rusty, as if she hadn't used it in a day. She clamped her lips shut against the flood of words that tried to spill out. Still, before she could stop herself, the truth slipped out and into the open. "My lord, it is so very good to see you again." "Have we met, my lady?" Eldarion cleared his throat his eyes moving nervously to his mother's. "I have not been to this Kingdom in many years." Embarrassed to have acknowledged a meeting that he had so obviously forgotten Lillywyn flushed bitterly. "My mistake, Lord Eldarion. My mistake." Arwen, unable to watch this painful scene unfold further, intervened to spare further awkwardness. "Oh, for Frith's sake. You both met, I believe, in Gondor for King Eowyl's coronation, many years ago. You fought against one another in the tournament of arms, and unless I'm mistaken, you each left a part of your heart in the other's care. Perhaps now you remember the meeting?" Eldarion took a step back, pulling his hand away from the fire. "But that was twenty years ago. Surely this is not the same woman I met then?" The sight of Eldarion's discomfiture, and the reason for it, drove the cold and anxiety from Lillywyn's heart. She took a step closer, and dropped into a deep curtsey. "I too carry the blood of the Dunedin, Lord Eldarion, though I carry not so much of it as you. And please, allow me to offer my apologies, for my behavior then. I did not know with whom I danced, those many years ago." Eldarion's face flushed, and his eyes grew devoid of emotion. Being judged as a future king, and not as a man was a deep seated wound in his heart. "And what, dear lady, would you have done differently, if you had known that I was heir to the throne of Gondor?" Lillywyn, who read the play of emotion on his face far more easily than dwarvish poetry, couldn't help but grin at him. "Why I wouldn't have eased my ego by dumping you upon your backside after the tournament. Or have you forgotten?" Eldarion barked an unexpected laugh, and instantly the mirth wiped all traces of tension from his shoulders. "Oh, I've forgotten nothing, Lady Lillywyn. Not. A. Thing." Lillywyn, without a backwards glance, ran into his arms. The announcement of Crown Prince Eldarion's betrothal to the Captain of the Queen's wingwomen was received with great joy in the kingdom of Gondor, and even greater joy by the King and Queen. It was a short engagement, for, as Dari and Lilly would later tell their children, they'd already waited 20 years for each other…anything more would have been excessive.