I will raise you as best as I know how. Now I understand you wished to visit your mother?" Calaeron could only smile with tears in his eyes. He had suppressed his feelings of late, Tulvar was not exactly the most sympathetic dwarf. Grasping his hand forward he captured the older dwarf's hand within his own. Narvi smiled at the act. "Yes." "Well then follow along, there is but one place she will reside." Master Narvi led him by the hand through a series of corridors and halls. It wasn't long before they entered a very long maze like structure that was covered with inset coves. Across the plaques he could see dwarven names inscribed in their language. A mausoleum? "Now Calaeron, this is the tomb of my ancestors. All Dwarves back to the first age that have lived in these halls have been laid to rest here. It is a great honour for anyone not of dwarf kind to lay eyes upon it…" It was immaculate. The smooth black marble coupled with ornate engravings made it a labour of love. Truly the dwarves knew how to care for their dead. Elves…were not so caring. The spirits of elves always fled to the halls of Mandos, called by the Valar or so the story was. Only those of great houses or that had great deeds assigned to their name were afforded anything remotely similar. To the elves what remained was merely a shell of that which remained behind, a remnant only worthy of grief. It was something that elves tended to shun. Calaeron could understand why. It was painful beyond thought. They emerged into what he could only assume was a mortuary. There were several dwarves managing the various casks. A quick nod from Narvi and a long slim wooden cask was pulled from the wall. A moment passed as it was opened and ashen face of his mother was revealed. A hand covered Calaeron's shoulder as he felt tears enter his eyes. His eyes trailed over her. Her mauled arm had been reattached but the vicious marks of teeth gouging into her dress remained. The blood was still thick upon her form. He was thankful in a way, he did not wish the dwarves to see his mother's form. "Can I have a moment alone?" A few nods silently echoed around the room before Calaeron was left to his thoughts. "Nana…I miss you…" He touched he cheek as he felt for anything that remained. Her once bright silver hair was lank and diminished. Little of her remained, her spirit had fled he knew it with certainty. He hoped she was happy. Somehow in that moment he knew he would never again meet her even by the reckoning of immortals. Tears slipped out again as he opened a small pouch. "Begrudge me not Nana…I wish one small thing to remember you by…" Breathing out he caressed his small hand above her body. As if the world conspired to help him her body slowly turned to dust. The mauled dress slowly crumpled to rest in a thin mound of dust. A natural process for the Eldar. Their bodies were not long lived after they were gone, as if their bodies finally felt their true age after life had left them. Gathering the dust he secreted the small pouch in his tunic. One way or another he would always carry it. Venturing out into the main hall he put on a strong face. Sighting Narvi he went back to the dwarf's side. "You are finished then? I am truly sorry young Calaeron it isn't fair that you should face this when so young." The dwarf looked truly pained at the thought. The boy couldn't help but feel touched by the concern. It wasn't often that dwarves felt badly for the elves. As they began the long walk back to the transport barge Calaeron could not help but wonder what to call his new guardian. He did not want to be too personal, yet he felt drawn to this dwarf all the same. "Master Narvi…what should I call you?" Narvi watched as the boy's dark red hair swayed slightly as he turned his gaze toward him, dark eyes stared up at him with an innocent sparkle. Even after all he had seen innocence still clung to this boy. "Well certainly not 'master' Narvi!" Calaeron watched as the dwarf hummed as he thought deeply, "Call me Uncle, young Calaeron! It is only right as my friendship with your father was strong indeed." "As you wish…Uncle Narvi." Calaeron could not help the smile that gleamed across his face. His heart still ached from the loss of all he knew but he could always make new connections with those around him. Grief would pass and he knew his family still existed even if they were parted. "Come now Calaeron I will show you my home such as it is!" The boy smiled as he followed along at a quick trot, his small hand engulfed by his new guardian's paw-like hand. Down into the depths of Khazad-dûm they travelled. By Durin's way they passed to where the master of mithril had made his home… Authors Note: Yep You guessed it Benevolent Scriber has struck again. Yet another story this time with an entirely different genre and premise. (Yeah I know I'm flighty I'm sorry _) Now I know Middle Earth has some fierce canon which I am intimately familiar with. I will be seeking opinions through this. So please let me know if you have any ideas sparked by this! As for Khazad-dûm I've never really seen a story go into detail as to what it was like before it got trashed by angry fiery and ugly down below. Hope you liked it! Also for future plans please discuss what you think about Maedhros and his abdication of rights to the royal house of Noldor? What do you think Celebrimbor's status actually was? Please read and review.