Walker, but thank-you," I said finally, looking back at her again. She nodded, seeming strangely distant, as though her thoughts were far away. In this light, I could see the lines of weariness painted upon her own face, and an unexpected anger surged through me. Moving toward her, I watched as her expression changed to confusion as I drew closer until I was less than an arm's length away. "If you did not wake me to keep watch, it is only fair that I return some strength to you," I said quietly, and the confusion deepened when I put my hands on her shoulders. She opened her mouth to speak, but something in my eyes must have made her change her mind. I lifted my hands to either side of her face, an action which made her tense up immediately. I ignored her reaction and focused on the transfer. Without much effort, the dam inside me burst, and I let out a flood of energy into her, watching as her eyes widened when she understood what I was doing. Drawing back and letting my hands slip away from her face, I began to turn away to begin clearing up the fire, but she grabbed my arm, startling me. Her expression was one full of questions and shock as her eyes searched mine. Finally, she grasped both of my upper arms, keeping me in place. "Do not ever do that to me again," she ground out, and it was my turn to be confused. Where had this anger come from? "Walker, I-" She cut me off, "Do not waste your power on me, Amir. Keep your strength for those who may need it." Her voice was softer at the end, and I relaxed slightly. "You were as weary as I was yesterday," I argued, and she narrowed her eyes at me. "Promise me," Walker insisted, and I had to recollect what she wanted me to promise her. I shook my head, "I cannot promise that, I am sorry." She sighed, letting go of my arms. "Keep your strength, Amir, as much as you can." I nodded, and the strange moment passed. Clearing away the evidence of the previous night, we continued on through the forest. As I had guessed the day before, the rain made its presence known soon after the morning brightened into day. Although we were mostly protected by the dense boughs of the trees, the rain still dripped steadily down onto us, soaking through our clothes as the hours went by. The day went quickly, and we were still deep in the Old Forest. When night fell once again, I remarked that we were approximately two thirds of the way through. She only nodded, and we were quiet, as we had been nearly the entire day. Our silence wasn't uncomfortable, it was merely companionable, and I felt at ease around the woman Ranger. I had never had the honour to meet and travel with someone, especially a woman, with such high ranking blood. Although these things mostly didn't bother or change the way I perceived a person, there were certain customs that must be followed: bowing the head or entire body, respecting rank by titles, standing up upon their arrival in a room, being willing to sacrifice honour or life in order to save theirs, among others. It was deeply rooted in the Northern way to understand the workings of these customs and to be able to recognize the signs of nobility, or at least, noble blood in the face of a stranger. As I thought of this around the fire in one of our lengthy silences, I found it strange that Walker had not wished me to acknowledge her higher blood at all, in body or voice. It went against my training to do this, but I respected her wishes the best I could, having to catch myself before bowing my head several times throughout the day. The following two days rushed by as fast as our footsteps on the forest floor, and still the rain fell heavily. Our water supply was critical, so whenever we had the chance, we found leaves that had collected rainwater and tipped them into our mouths to momentarily satisfy our thirst. The creek had long disappeared, and now the roots of the trees were tangled together, competing for space, light, and water. At first I had perceived it as beautiful, but now that we had been running for four days, the silence, darkness, and rain was beginning to dampen my enthusiasm for trees, as much as I loved them. When we broke through the forest on the fourth day, I breathed a sigh of relief, as though my lungs had been suffocated by the silence and darkness. The afternoon sun blinded us momentarily, and we staggered for a moment, bumping into each other. My eyes adjusted, and I saw that Walker was smiling as she looked out across the shimmering fields. "At last our eyes may see sunshine," she murmured, and I nodded, feeling my heart lift as the sun warmed my moist skin. "At last," I echoed, and sighed again. "By evening we will reach Bree," she said, turning to me, her grey eyes catching the sunlight. "The longer part of our journey has been completed." I smiled, thinking ahead to the warmth, food, and shelter that would await us in Bree. Walker seemed to guess where my thoughts had taken me, and her eyes crinkled slightly as she grinned, touching my arm. "Come, let us run," And run we did, our footsteps lighter on the hard packed road. Thank-you very much for reading! This is my first attempt at fan-fiction, and it has turned into something much more than I originally intended, with some 130 000 words already written in advance…I promise things will start to pick up more as the chapters go by. Patience, my friends. Reviews would make me very happy. I have already uploaded Chapter Two.