head. "I wish to amend for the past, but don't know how. I wish to rid this earth of the foul beasts that sundered our family. I wish to return to naneth with peace in my heart." "You will find your peace, ion-nín." Elrohir looked up and smiled sadly. "I will miss you ada. So very much." "I will miss you too." Elrond grasped Elrohir's shoulders and embraced him tightly. They were almost the same height, Elrohir merely an inch taller than his father. "Am I allowed to join you?" Elrond and Elrohir released each other, their heads turning to the doorway where Elladan stood uncomfortably. Elrond raised his hand up and gestured him to come join them. Elladan came timidly towards them, and allowed the strong arms of his brother and father engulf around him. The three of them stood together like that for a moment. His sons would not join them on the road to the havens. Their new role's as the Lords of Imladris had been established, and it had been a mutual decision to say their goodbyes in Imladris rather than the havens where bittersweet memories followed them. "I don't want to say goodbye ada. I wish I could tell you with certainty that we will see each other again." Elladan began, his usually strong voice devoid of the usual boisterous agility. "I don't want you to make empty promises." "We do not wish to hurt you." "I know." He said gravely. "I also know the reasons for you staying, and it gives me a certain comfort that you will have each other." He put a hand on each of their cheeks, so alike. "I have only one advice to give you. Whichever choice you will make, be sure to choose for your own sakes. You will know it when you do. Perhaps you already know your choice but fear to voice it to your grieving father." Elladan's eyes hardened and he shook his head vehemently. "I assure you that we haven't." "Just promise me to listen to your hearts, and choose wisely." He kissed each brow and stroked each cheek in remembrance. "Come now. Let us go to meet your grandparents. They wished to speak with you." He led his sons out of the balcony and watched them march ahead. Elrond stopped when he reached the door, and took a one last glance of the room. "I'm coming to you Celebrían." He whispered once more before he closed the door shut. ~IIXXII~ On the shore she watched the sun rise over the horizon. Her silver locks whipping in the boisterous wind. The air smelled of salt and seaweed. In the distance a white bird flew over the sea, her wings spread wide. Celebrían shielded her eyes from the sun and watched the bird fly out of her sight. If only she could fly back to her beloved, if only Eru would lend her wings and allow her to fly back into his arms. She cradled her arms around her thin frame, and continued her walk on the white shore. Her toes touched the fine grain of the unnaturally white sands, her white dress caressing her calves as the wind caught in the fabric. Suddenly something seemed to change in the air, a sudden feeling of peace surrounded her. The horizon faded into mist and for a moment it seemed that the forests of Imladris appeared right before her eyes. She could see the tall trees in her garden, the fading leaves on the rosebushes rumbling with the soft breeze. Underneath her feet she could feel the cold tiles, and the smooth railing under her fingertips. She could scarcely breathe in fear of losing the sight before her. In the periphery of her vision was a familiar shape. A small, secretive smile tugged on her lips. Elrond. Swiftly she turned around and almost cried out in joy when she saw her beloved husband before her. His grey eyes were fixated on her form, his expression showing his disbelief and utter joy of seeing her. His lips moved but she couldn't hear what he said. He looked so very tired, almost frail, his lithe body donned thick robes as if the early autumn chill affected him. He hadn't lost his charming looks, but there were lines there that had not been there before. A dark shadow hung over him like a cloak, and she wished to brush it off, and help him find his healing. She saw him raise his hand up, his body responding impulsively. Her heart hammered in her chest as she raised her hand up in turn, her fingers tingling with expectation. He approached her as if in a dream. Their hands were almost touching when she saw a shadow in the doorway, another much beloved face. Elrohir. Elrond seemed to tense up and for a split second their connection broke and she was once again standing on the shore, the vast sands continuing into the distance. There was no forest, no sign of her love. Her hand hovered in the air for a while longer, holding on to the hope of feeling his touch once more. Tears welled in her eyes. "Come back to me, my love." She whispered into the wind. "Come back to me." Her voice drowned in the sound of the tide breaking on the shore, the ocean spray tingeing the air with salt. Tears ran down her cheeks, the saltiness of her tears mingling with the ocean spray. She ran into the sea, and stopped stock still where the water reached her knees. "Come back to me." Her voice broke. " I'm coming…Celebrían, I'm coming to you." The soft tenor echoed in her mind. Tears slid down her cheeks as she looked at the rising sun, the rising of hope. Elrond was coming. Her beloved was returning to her. Ethereal. adj. means extremely delicate and light in a way that seems too perfect for this world. Heavenly or spiritual.