with the odd mumakil. We dismounted and began to search through the bodies. "I see you survived alright," Elphir said after the third pile revealed no survivors. I pulled off my helmet and tied it back onto my horse. "I see you left Dol Amroth, War" I answered. "Who is in charge of the city?" Out of the corner of my eye, I saw that he nodded as we began pulling another pile of bodies apart. "Aunt Irviniel. We heard about the siege and I readied our river-worthy ships to sail up. At Pelegir we met up with some Corsairs, and Siege, there is a new—" My other senses left me, and in a flash my face was in pain and I fell backwards. A weight fell on top of me, but I couldn't see. I somehow grabbed its face and twisted it violently to the right. A cracking sound, and then stillness. "Lothíriel!" In pain, I grabbed my face with one hand and threw the body off of me with the other. I gathered myself and realized that I could see out of one eye, and the other's vision was obscured by blood. With my right hand, I whipped around my cloak and dabbed the left part of my face with it. My brother called out my name again as he sat down on the ground next to me. "I am fine." That's all I could manage to say. The pain was terrible, but it was mostly shock that had me at such a weak position. Elphir put his hands under my right arm and helped me up. "What happened? I couldn't even think it was so quick." "An orc that was still alive," he replied. "It tore your face, but you broke its neck." Thinking that most of the blood had been wiped off, I let go of my cloak. To my dismay, it took just a moment for it to continue bleeding. "We must get you to the house of healing." "Let me find someone who is more grievously injured," I said after a moment, biting back my words to keep from sounding weak. "Head wounds bleed a lot, but I shall survive." He tried to protest, but I moved on to the next pile, this time with my dagger at the ready. In a few minutes I managed to find a wounded Rohirrim and persuaded him to get onto my horse. He had an arrow in his shoulder, but I was hopeful that he might survive. Once Elphir had a wounded man on his horse as well, the four of us made the trek up to Minas Tirith and ventured into the House of Healing. Seeing that the healers were so short staffed, I took only a small bundle of bandages for myself and had Elphir wrap the left side of my face as best he could. "Do not look so distraught, Elphir," I said to him. He stared at me for a quick moment. "We saved Minas Tirith, and we are alive." My stomach dropped in a flash of pain, this time because I knew that Théodred was not here to share this joyous news… "That we are, Sister," he replied evenly. Once the bandage was secure, we took off to find Mithrandir, only to be forestalled by his arrival with the great host of our family and allies. "The captains of Dol Amroth," Mithrandir said, greeting us. Father gave Elphir a clap on the shoulder and stopped short when his gaze turned to me, and the five of us separated from the group to speak. "What happened?" Father asked me. "An orc tore up my face, apparently," I replied. "When we were searching for the wounded," Elphir added. Father nodded, but said nothing. Erchirion managed to give me a weak smile while Amrothos stared at me with a blank expression. Father took me in his arms for an embrace, and shortly we were joined by my brothers. "I am glad we are all together," Father said quietly. None of us said anything for a moment as we breathed in relief; our family survived. "What about Denethor?" Elphir asked. Father shook his head. "He did not survive, and Faramir is wounded." Only then did I realize that I had completely forgotten to inform Elphir of our other family. "We have just now brought up Aragorn to heal him." Who is Aragorn? Elphir merely nodded to Father. He must have seen my confusion, though, for he said, "Aragorn is the heir of Elendil, and he will be the next King of Gondor." That news surprised me, but I didn't comment out loud. What was there to say, really? A king has risen; stranger things have happened of late. "Storm, you slept for a few hours during the night, correct?" Father asked him, to which my brother nodded. "Then Death and Siege, go back to our house here and rest. Since the rest of us have been able to sleep some in the past two days then you shall be the first to take a break." "The siege began on the thirteenth, have you not slept since then?" Elphir asked. "We were posted to the gate yesterday morning, and have not slept since," I replied, somewhat shaking my head in disbelief. How could Amrothos and I still be standing? "Then let's retire now, little one," Amrothos said to me. I nodded and with a round of farewells the two of us hurried back to our house on the sixth level. Some of the Swan Knights were present, but we merely told them to rest and headed up to our rooms. My maid was fast asleep in her room, so rather than disturbing her I quickly removed my own armor and most of the clothes before collapsing into the bed. For a moment I wanted to cry for all that had been lost—including my beloved Théodred, but I couldn't manage to stay awake long enough to do so.