tidings with your armies." "Little wonder," Gimli agreed. "But nevertheless, I hoped. My companions hoped. We went to war with hope. And because of that hope, we now live! Sauron is gone! Barad-dûr is no more! As faint and as tattered and as faded as our hope was, it was enough. So in answer to your question, I say it is better to live. Better to wear away but remain, for in that remainder, hope can spring anew. It takes but a few to maintain our language. Our traditions. Our heritage. If that makes us no better than these records, then so be it! But I prefer a living record over a lost memory inscribed on fading parchment!" Thorin fisted his beard, moved by Gimli's words. "Do you believe that hope can indeed spring anew for dwarves? That we will not fade?" "Yes and no," Gimli said. "I believe that there is much hope, but I also believe that we will fade. I do not see that it can be prevented. Yet we need not disappear completely. Not if we choose wisely. Therefore, let the records of our day show that we chose to endure. That we put our trust in our future and that we looked forward to hope!" He paused, and a smile quirked his lips. "I learned that from the elves. Even more than dwarves, elves yearn for that which is gone. Our hearts stir with echoes of our heritage, but for the elves, their own memories speak of their ancient halls. And the elves who have learned to endure such memories are the elves who look forward and see hope. They see what will come once more when the world is made young." And there it was again—that curious feeling that Gimli had aged far more than Thorin during their months apart. There was a look about him that had not been there when he and his father left for Rivendell over a year ago. Something had changed. Something deep and foundational. Something that Thorin could not understand. But though he might not understand his kinsman, he understood his argument. And it was convincing. "Your reasoning is sound," Thorin said. "It usually is, though in this instance, you make your case with strange words. Still, I am persuaded. When we tell the Heirs and the Mountain of Khazad-dûm, I will uphold my father's decree, though there will be many who disagree." "We are also Heirs," Gimli reminded him, and now a sparkle of mirth flashed across his face. "And despite your misspent youth leading trade wains, you are King under the Mountain." "The King still needs the support of the other Heirs," Thorin answered, though he found himself smiling in return. "True," Gimli sighed, staring into the hearth and his mirth seemed to vanish. "Well, for what it may be worth, you have my support. And together, we must make the others understand. We cannot return to Khazad-dûm. It would be the last thing Durin's line ever attempted!" Thorin studied Gimli closely, and though there was still a sense that Gimli felt older, beneath it all, Thorin heard the voice a weary traveler who longed for sleep. And in that weary traveler, Thorin found an echo of the younger dwarf he used to know. "You have convinced me, Gimli," he said, his voice gentle but firm. "You need say nothing more tonight. Tomorrow, I will call upon your strength to convince others, but until then, I would have you rest. As I observed earlier, you are in need of sleep." "Sleep," Gimli murmured, seeming to speak to himself. "I have traveled for so long with one who needs so little that I wonder if I shall be able to sleep more than a few hours!" "I think you will surprise yourself," Thorin said, hearing even more of the younger dwarf who had once looked to him as an older brother. "Go now. Rest." Gimli nodded and moved away, making it all the way to the door before realizing that Thorin was not following. "You are staying here?" he asked, turning back. "For a brief time," Thorin said, reaching for the Book of Mazarbul. "I believe I should indulge in some reading ere I take myself to bed." Gimli frowned. "It is grim reading." "I doubt it not," Thorin said, carefully setting the book before him. "But if I am to draw hope from the future, I must know what we are avoiding from the past." There was a pause, and then, "If you wish it, I will stay with you." "You bore this grief alone for ten months," Thorin said. "I can bear it for a single night. You need sleep more than I need company. Go, my friend." And as a testament to his weariness, Gimli gave no further argument. Conceding to Thorin, he murmured a quiet word of farewell before disappearing into the dark hallway beyond. Alone, Thorin looked down at the burned pages of the Book of Mazarbul and mustered his courage. His father had never spoken of his own experience with Khazad-dûm, but others had. They said that after Dáin slew Azog on the steps of the mines, he had returned to the dwarves gray of face and full of fear. And as a mere stripling, he had openly defied Thráin, the rightful king, and refused to join any attempt to reclaim Khazad-dûm. Now, Thorin would need his father's strength to do the same once his people learned that Durin's Bane was no more. And he would need not only Gimli's account of the mines, but also the words that their kin had left behind. To that end, Thorin began to read, willing the record to speak for itself. For the dwarves would trust in their lineage, even if they trusted in nothing else. -0-0-0-0-0- Barazinbar – Caradhras or the Redhorn Khazad-dûm – The Dwarrowdelf or Dwarf Mansions AKA Moria Kheled-zâram - Mirrormere Mazarbul – Records Nargûn – Mordor Tharkûn – Gandalf