didn't exist. Rimeril and Katrina quickly became good friends. The store, like the seafront town, was quiet. Often, Rimeril would be alone in the store, and so she would sit in the back room and create beautiful and intricate designs for necklaces. Katrina was thrilled with her work, even offered her duel-ownership of the shop, but when Rimeril said that she and Legolas would be leaving soon, you could practically smell the disappointment that Katrina felt. It was all Rimeril and Legolas ever wanted: to leave the mortal world and enter their Haven, but as the time drew out farther and farther, Rimeril became quite attached to the people in the small town. Inside of here there was a constant battle between the love of the mortals and their world and the desire to see her family again. She had functioned in this world for so long, she wasn't sure how she would react to an entirely Elven world again. She voiced her doubts to Legolas one night while she was sitting watching Legolas build their boat. "I'm not sure I want to leave, Legolas..." she said quietly and shyly, already thinking that she should have said nothing. Legolas, who was dirty and sweaty from hammering and sawing, set down his tools and walked over to her. "What do you mean, meleth nin ?" he asked curiously. "I'm... afraid, really. Afraid of what has changed, afraid of what has not. I wasn't exactly the friendliest to my father... why do you think I stayed behind? I wasn't ready to leave, and then I never wanted to face him. I never thought about leaving again, never thought of leaving so soon... and now it's so close... and I'm scared." "Don't be afraid, Rimeril. Please don't doubt this. We are doing the right thing by leaving. We should not circulate in this world anymore, for we have long overstayed. We belong with our people. And about your father... I am sure that he will have missed you so much that he will be thrilled at your arrival," Legolas assured. "I can't guarantee anything, meleth ... just my love." Rimeril kissed him sweetly. "Thank you, Legolas," she said. Her doubts were not erased, just temporarily doused. "You have me, Rimeril, you have my support. I will protect you," Legolas smiled at her. This was exactly what Rimeril wanted to hear from him. "How do you always say the right thing?" "Practice," Legolas chuckled. "I cannot believe it." "I know, love..." The boat, christened i'Medui Pen ( The Last One), was finished and floating happily in the harbor. Every one of the belongings that Legolas and Rimeril had with them was packed in wooden trunks that were already stowed, and all that was left was to say goodbye to their friends. Katrina was standing amongst the many people from the small coastal town who were standing on the dock to farewell the couple. Everyone had been watching Legolas build this boat, and everyone had heard of their journey that they were making i'Medui Pen 's sails were being unfurled, and the boat began tugging away from the dock. Legolas wandered through the crowd and Rimeril said goodbye to Katrina. "Farewell, Katrina," Rimeril said. "I will not return here." "Goodbye, Rose," Katrina said, tearing up. "You are always welcome back." "I know," Rimeril said, feeling the beginnings of tears forming in her eyes too. She slipped a ring off her finger, a rose-colored stone embedded in a leaf, and handed it to Katrina. "Take this as a token of my friendship. Always remember me," Rimeril smiled, and came face to face with Legolas. "It is time, meleth ," he said softly and solemnly. "Yes, of course," Rimeril said. "Goodbye, Katrina. You have been a good friend to me." Katrina slipped the ring on her finger and smiled tearfully. "Thank you, Rose. I will remember you, I promise. You sound like you're going to another world from which you'll never return," she chuckled. "You have no idea." It took months. Rimeril had no idea it would take so long, but the boat was well stocked; Legolas had made sure of that. The days and nights blurred together, and Rimeril felt she would forever stare at water with no end. They occasionally stopped at a island to re-stock, but soon the islands were no more. "Legolas, I see land!" Rimeril said, peering through the dim. It was night, nearly dawn, and she could barely make out a darker shape against the rapidly lightening horizon. Finally! Land! Rimeril became excited at the prospect of another Pacific island, full of culture and good food. "That's not just land, Meleth nin," Legolas said, coming up to the front with her. "That's home!" he exclaimed, picking her up and twirling her around. He set her down and kissed her deeply and passionately. "Home," Rimeril sighed, turning and looking again. "Finally, home." She smiled widely. "We're finally here," Legolas agreed. "And I am arriving with the one love of my life." He turned to her and bent down onto one knee. He pulled a ring out of his pocket. "I've been waiting for this moment for months, Rimeril, for years . I know you are the one I want to be with forever... will you marry me?" Rimeril put a hand to her mouth and gasped happily. "Yes, yes, yes! A thousand times yes!" Legolas slipped the ring onto her finger, picked her up, and twirled her around again. "I love you," he said, holding her close. "I love you too... forever." THE END... A/N: Enjoy? I hope everyone did. I know it was long, it drew out to be 28 pages in Word... Do review, but don't review if you're going to trash me. I'll just laugh at you. And for anyone who read my Guardians of Time story, I'm in the process of writing another one! So look for that within the next month or two! Farewell, faithful readers! -Ivy