his forehead as if this would help ease the pain of his headache. Merry swallowed and before he could stop himself he was at Pippin's side, gently running his fingers through the other Hobbit's curls, trying in some way to provide a small comfort. Pippin stood there for a second, thinking that he was obviously imagining his friend's gentle touch before meeting Merry's eyes. "Merry..." He quickly removed his hand and looked down at his feet, rather ashamed. "I...I..." "Merry..." was all that he could repeat before he was pressing his hands to his mouth again. "Oh, my stomach feels like it's turning circles!" "Just relax," Merry whispered comfortingly as he led Pippin off the road and into the bushes beyond. If the poor Hobbit really was sick, then it wouldn't do to have him be sick all over the road. Pippin leaned heavily on Merry until they reached a grassy spot below the cover of trees. The grass was cool beneath their bare feet, and oddly enough relatively dry. It had been protected from the violent rains by the canopy of trees above it. Once they had gotten there, Pippin allowed himself to fall to his knees and close his eyes. Merry knelt next to him and carefully brushed a few curls from the Hobbit's face. Pippin looked at him again, his eyes sparkling. "I...I think that I feel better now." "That's good." He nodded. "Yeah, I guess that it was just one of those things, you know?" Pippin said casually as he sat down on the grass and hugged his knees to him. When his friend didn't answer he frowned and asked, "Merry?" "Huh?" "Do you know what I mean?" Merry honestly didn't know what he meant—he had been too busy staring at the perfect contour of Pippin's lips. The way they arched, their perfect curve and shape...he swallowed and felt his limbs go numb and the warm feeling intensify within him. "Huh?" he asked again, his voice cracking. Pippin didn't notice. He just shook his head. "Nothin', Merr." And they were both silent for another moment before Merry boldly reached out and slipped his arm around Pippin's torso. The Hobbit didn't reject or try to squirm out of the hold, so Merry seized the opportunity to pull him close so that Pippin's head was resting on his shoulder and their bodies were pressed perfectly together. Still Pippin didn't protest. Merry took a nervous breath, fearing that if he did even the slightest thing wrong Pippin would pull away and reject him, but he didn't. Instead he just snuggled up to Merry, so close that his breath warmed his neck. With a careful touch Merry allowed his hand to venture up to Pippin's curls and twisted a curl with a finger and chuckled. Pippin looked up at him and smiled. "What, Merry? What's so funny?" He shrugged and continued to play with Pippin's curls, a little smile on his face. "Nothing, Pip, it's just that...I guess I never noticed just how... springy your hair is before." Pippin laughed and let Merry twist and play with is curls. "I guess that it is!" then he smiled to himself and repeated quietly, "Springy...springy..." he glanced back at Merry and slowly his fingers wound their way into Merry's honey blond hair. Merry gasped and looked down at him. Pippin smiled. "Your hair feels nice..." "But not as nice as yours." Pippin shook his head. "No, better." And it was then that it struck Merry just how simply absurd this all was, with his love pressed so close to him, his lips so ready and willing, his fingers intertwined in his hair. Gradually, so slowly that Pippin barely noticed, his hand traveled from Pippin's auburn curls to the smooth skin of his cheek and stopped. "Merry?" He leaned a little closer, so close that Pippin could smell the ale on his breath, but then hesitated. "Merry?" Pippin asked again. When he still said nothing, Pippin repeated, "Mer--" And he was cut off as Merry's lips met his. Like before, there was no resistance, only pleasant surprise, and soon Pippin was kissing Merry back. Both were desperate, both were longing and willing. There was no more hesitation as their lips met again and again, not even from Pippin. It all seemed like it had always been meant to happen, and that it was perfectly natural, even if they both were male Hobbits. But this didn't mean that Merry was stupid; he knew that they would never be able to completely have each other, not like he wanted. No, the others would never accept it, so for now he just contented himself with kisses. Or at least that's what he planned to do, but soon he found that he was running his hands over the cool, smooth skin of Pippin's chest, and that's when he felt as if he were in a dream. It must be a dream. It's simply to perfect! And it was, but Merry had never been one to enjoy dreams, whether they be good or bad. When you had a good dream, you awoke to find yourself let down that what you had imagined wasn't reality, and for a second he figured that this was what it was a beautifully perfect dream, but as a longing moan rose from Pippin's throat he realized that it wasn't a dream world. This was real and it was happening in the real world, perfectly legitimate and concrete. Merry just smiled and deepened the kiss before Pippin pulled away, a look of concern on his face. "What is it, Merr? Did I do something wrong?" He shook his head quickly and brushed his lips lightly against Pippin's. "No, Pip. You're perfect." "So are you, but Merry?" "Yeah, Pip?" He hesitated before whispering, "I must confess that I'm more than a tad bit hungry." If you liked it please feel free to review. I would really appreciate it. Thanks. Much peace and love to you.