bodies closer together. Pippin moaned and brought his hands up to gently cup Merry's face in his hands. He slowly moved his hands around and ran his fingers through Merry's sweat-soaked curls. Pippin was surprised that he did not feel tired after his and Merry's intense love-making; instead, he felt invigorated and he wanted to make Merry feel the same intense feelings he felt deep inside him. But, he felt a little adventurous..... "Merry, lay on your stomach." Pippin whispered into Merry's ear. Merry smiled and complied, excited to see what else Pippin had in store for him. He leaned up off Pippin and Pippin moved out from under him. Merry laid down on the silken sheets and turned his head to the side so his face wouldn't be pressed into the pillow. Pippin moved around behind Merry and straddled his hips. He leaned down and playfully nipped at the sensitive tip of Merry's pointed ear. He trailed hot but gentle kissed down the back of Merry's neck and shoulders and back. Merry moaned at the contact and writhed slightly beneath Pippin. Pippin gently ran his hands down Merry's sides, which were slick with sweat. Pippin reached over to the small jar setting on the table and poured a small amount over two of his fingers. Merry gasped as he felt Pippin slowly push two fingers into him. Pippin swiftly pushed a third finger inside him. Merry moaned and pushed his hips back, bringing Pippin's fingers deeper inside him. "Oh, Pip....Oh." Merry gasped as Pippin moved his fingers within him. Just hearing Merry's moans of pleasure with his name mingled in with the moans and seeing Merry's perfect body before him made Pippin more aroused than ever. He gasped as he felt himself harden. Now Merry understood how deliciously tortured Pippin had felt. The need ached between his legs and he squirmed underneath Pippin. "Pip....oh, my beautiful Pip, I need you.....oh, just take me." Merry said. "Your wish is my command." Pippin said, withdrawing his fingers from Merry. He used the remaining oil on his fingers to slick his thick shaft. He gently spread Merry's thighs apart, exposing his entrance to him. "You ready, Mer?" Pippin asked. Merry didn't trust his voice to work properly, so he just nodded. Pippin wrapped his hands around Merry's waist, lifting his hips slightly and positioned the tip of his shaft at Merry's entrance. Merry had exspected Pippin to go slowly, but he was pleasantly surprised. Pippin gave on swift thrust of his hips and he was sheathed fully inside Merry. Merry could not contain a small yelp that escaped his lips. Pippin pulled out of him and swiftly thrust back in again, raising a loud moan of pleasure from Merry. Pippin bucked his hips and he delighted in the loud moans and sighs of pleasure he was emitting from Merry. He leaned down to within a hair's breadth of Merry's ear. "I have a secret of my own." Pippin whispered. "Wh-what?" Merry asked as Pippin bucked roughly into him. "I'll make you scream, too." Pippin said in a low, intimate voice that Merry was not used to. With that, Pippin took up a steady pace and he continuously thrust his long, thick member inside Merry. Merry moaned and gripped the sheet beside his head. He felt himself almost unable to move; his entire body felt like jelly as the electrifying sensation pulsed through him. He was completely at Pippin's mercy and he expected Pippin to hold to his promise of making him scream. He fought with all he had right now not to. He could not believe how amazing this felt; he didn't know how big Pippin was until now. Pippin groaned and fought to maintain his composure as he thrust hard and fast into his lover beneath him. Merry was so tight and it drove him insane. "Oh, Pip, mmmmm harder, harder.....please." Merry pleaded, nearly going crazy from the sensations he was feeling. Pippin gladly complied and bucked harder and faster into Merry. Merry moaned as his body was gently rocked back and forth and his erection was rubbed against the sheets, just begging to be touched. Pippin felt this, but it was all part of his clever little plan to drive Merry insane just as he had done to him. Merry knew Pippin's plan was working all to well. "Oh, oh, ho, oh, Pippin, mmmm, oh, I think I'm going to come." He managed to gasp out, feeling the intanse heat mounting between his legs. Pippin sped up his thrusts slightly and Merry let out a series of loud groans as he began to orgasm. Merry buried his face into the pillow to stifle his scream. Pippin, too let out a very loud groan as he burst forth into release, spilling himself inside Merry. He let out one final grunt as the last wave of the orgasm washed over them and left them completely breathless. Pippin slowly withdrew from Merry and collapsed onto the bed beside him. "Y-you were....amazing, P-Pip." Merry said, reaching over to gently stroke Pippin's damp curls. "S-so w-were you." Pippin gasped. Merry leaned over and placed a light, gentle kiss to Pippin's swollen lips. Pippin lost count of how many times he and Merry made love that night, but it was more passionate and amazing than he could have ever hoped it would be. Pippin slowly awoke sometime the next morning. Soft yellow rays of sunlight were beaming in through the window, illuminating the room. He was nestled gently in Merry's arms and they were covered by a warm blanket. Merry lay beside him, still in a deep sleep. He looked like a sleeping angel; he looked so peaceful and more beautiful than anything else in all of Middle-Earth. Pippin could feel the sheets beneath them were wet with their passion from last night. He smiled and placed a gentle kiss to Merry's lips. "I love you, my Merry." he whispered before lightly falling back to sleep.