of her voluptuous body and then carried her to another room, which appeared to be his bedroom. He then threw her down the mattress, and she landed with a loud thud. He took the time to look and appreciate the beautiful lady, before having his way with her. He then pushed her legs open and spread them wide, his hands moved agonisingly slow, reaching for her core. She winced as his large hand pressed her clit, and rubbed it in slow and circular motions. "~Aaah" she moans as it started to feel good. Her body twitched and writhed with his ministrations. "No..." she suddenly closes her legs, when she felt his mouth on her most intimate part. "What are you doing?!" He only answered her with a smirk, before spreading her legs wide open once more and dipped his head between her legs. She didn't know what was exactly going on, but what he was doing was making her lose her mind. Thranduil's wet tongue was drenched in her desire and that thought made him very hard. He then slides his tongue across her faster as he licked upwards her clit, pulling it into his mouth and then sucking it. Teasing her entrance with his tongue, he slides his hands up to press lightly down on her clit, causing an involuntary moan to escape from her mouth. "Thranduil, what is this?" she said innocently in between moans, causing him to furrow his brows. "Pleasure, my lady..."he murmurs against her sensitive flesh, it's vibration travelling throughout her body. He continued working his tongue, mouth, and fingers quicker, teasing her, massaging her inner thighs, and swirling around her bundle of nerves. He pushed his two fingers inside her folds, and flicked his tongue across her. "Thranduil!" she moaned, as her voice echoes throughout the room, her breathing grew heavier, as she felt herself reaching a peak that she did not know existed. Thranduil sucked on her clit lightly, causing her to finally reach oblivion, he felt her walls tightened around his fingers, and it flooded with wetness from her body, as pleasure burst within her. He looked at her face, as her eyes closed and tried to catch her breath. He then proceeded to take off his clothes, as she watched him. She gazes at him admiringly on how well toned his body was. It had some scars, but he was chiselled like a marble. As she gazed down, she couldn't help but feel afraid, seeing his large arousal. He then goes on top of her, and without a warning, drove himself inside her. She gasps in pain and discomfort. Seeing her reaction, it was only then that he realised, she was a virgin. "You're a virgin?" he asked horrified, as she nodded. "Forgive me..." he rubbed her breast, and placed small kisses down her neck, as she winced in pain. It was no wonder that she reacted 'innocently' and shyly in bed, and she knew nothing about her body. He had judged her with what is on the surface, The pain was soon replaced by pleasure unknown to her. Sensing this, he drove himself up fully to the hilt, and she gasps, feeling it touch a sensitive spot within her. She moaned loudly, as he kept a steady rhythm, her hands gripping the sheets. He rained kisses on her neck and shoulder, and then her breast that he liked so much, he took a nipple into his mouth and gave it attention. He then kneads her large breasts with both hands, before the other hand slid down, and rested back on her clit. She gasped from the action, as he began rubbing her clitoris once again, whilst pumping in and out of her. "Thranduil, what? what is this?" she did not know how to convey to him what she was feeling, except that she wanted him to go faster, and harder. He understood and moved his finger faster on her clitoris, rubbing in light small circles, as he pressed deeper into her with his length, harder this time. He saw her body starting to shake, and her legs buck up involuntarily, and he knew she was about to get her release soon. His hips began to move faster, excited from her tightness and wetness that began to flow down her legs. Her large breast bounced in circles in the process, and he leant down once again to capture it with his mouth. "Thranduil? what is this?" she asked once again, as her body shook, and her toes curled. "I cannot, I cannot control it..." she asked once again. Afraid, as she felt her release about to come. This time, it felt stronger than the previous one. With one powerful thrust, her body shook as she came undone. Her climax spread all over her body, causing her body to twitch violently. The tightening of her walls around his hardness triggered his release after, her wetness coating him, making it easier to go in and out of her. He moaned finally getting his release, spilling his seed inside of her. Both panted in pleasure. His breathing was heavy as he gazes at her beautiful face. Her eyes were shut tight whilst trying to catch her breath. He felt a little smug, knowing that he gave her so much pleasure and that he was the first one to touch her. He suddenly felt possessive, he no longer wants others to have her. He wants her all for himself. Thranduil slips out of her and their juices escape from inside her. Their bodies dotted in beads of sweat. He then rolls to one side and lay spent next to each other. His desire was sated. She is his from now on and no one will have her. He wouldn't let them. A/N: I actually plan to make a series of hot, steamy one shots for these two characters. But consider this story complete. Comments are welcome, and I will try to creatively answer them. :P