"Where are you?" " Our son," she said, and Aragorn felt a sick coldness in his stomach. His son. The boy. He did not see him, but he did not need to see him to know that he was gone. Dead. The darkness had taken the child, and as he looked back at the flames, he knew himself tempted. He could let them go, let them overtake everything, to claim him and all the people, kill them as something had done his son, and he did not know how he could think that way, but how was he to fight knowing that he had lost the one he was supposed to protect? That child was the future of Gondor, his future, his son, and he had loved his child more than he would have believed possible until that he held his son in his arms for the first time. He was a father. A father was supposed to protect his children. He was a husband, but he could not protect his wife. He was a king, but he could not protect his kingdom. He had lost it all, and he did not even know how it had happened. He just knew that it was gone. All gone. Firyavaryar's eyes opened, and he winced, his stomach twisting with the last of the dream—the memory—or was it only a dream? He no longer knew. He did not know what was real and what was not. He had not known that in so long, unable to trust himself or anything he might see in his tortured, fractured mind. His body might have healed. His mind never would. He knew that. He knew the peace that Ithilien gave the others was not his to have. He could take no comfort here, no refuge. He had thought that giving his family this place, this home, would be enough, that it would give them what they had lacked for so long, but he should have known that he still had no place among the peaceful. He had not redeemed himself at all. He had been denied death again, and for what? For endless nightmares that plagued him day and night? Would Ogol laugh at that if he were here? Would he have delighted to know that even now Varyar had not managed to break those shackles, the ones binding him so tightly to the past? He could hear the gentle sounds of the night around him, the creatures of the forest going about their nocturne activities, and he wished that they were more soothing a sound. He had spent many centuries listening to Idhrenion's snoring, but even if he tried sleeping near his brother, he did not find himself able to rest. It had once been that Idhrenion's snores could lull him, could help him believe that they were all safe since they were together, but he did not believe that now. Varyar knew the truth: there was no safety. Not here. Not in Greenwood or Imladris, not anywhere in Middle Earth, not even with Sauron defeated. He knew that it did not exist. He started to rise, grateful to have avoided sleeping on Lothanlass this night. The onod was not as much of a nuisance now as he had been when Firyavaryar first woke him, but he did not want the ent following him. He did not need to wake the entire camp because he could not sleep. This was no rare occurrence—he did not know when the last time he had slept was—and why should his disturbance mean that of everyone? It did not have to, and he would not let it. He pulled his cloak close around him as he made his way through the woods, passing trees that stirred some at his presence and shrank away from him. He had thought that reaction would end after the poison was gone from his body, but he was wrong. The trees still understood him to be a monster, and he did not know that he could disagree with them. He did not touch any of them as he moved around them. He did not know where he intended to go, and he did not know that it mattered where it was. He did not know that anything mattered now. The moon came in through the gap in the tree cover, and he looked up, startled by its brightness. He could not remember ever seeing a moon so bright before, and he had known many nights under the stars, in so many places and lands, more than he could name. He was not the oldest of elves—had no desire to have that distinction—but he knew that the moon was not like that normally. He shivered, his sense of unease growing. He did not know why the moon was altered, but he did not think it could be a sign of anything good—he did not know that it was anything more than his mind, but even if it were not, he did not care for it. He thought he felt a chill, and he did not get chilled. He was an elf. He was not cold. He rubbed his arms, trying to tell himself to stop being foolish, but he stopped when he saw what moving his sleeve had uncovered. He stared, shaking his head in disbelief. That was not possible. It was the moon. The dream. His mind. He was insane. He knew that, and he did not trust himself. He did not. He could ignore what he had just seen. It was the light. The moon. The lack of sleep. Any of those things and not what it seemed to be at all. He closed his eyes, but when he opened them, he saw the same thing as he had before, and he heard familiar laughter in his head. He covered his ears, but he was unable to shut out the voice he hated most. You are mine. You will always belong to me.