learned some humility in the interval. Time and distance may curb the flaws of youth." They went on speaking in this fashion of the accomplishments and the shortcomings of their daughters, and of what age and experience might temper or might change and make anew. At length Fírhador yawned. "It is late and I have kept you from your sleep, and you will need it for tomorrow's riding. My love, I must leave you." "Oh, stay a while! I shall not see you for so long when we part tomorrow. And you never told me of your meeting with Tirnon." "You would delay me with talk of Tirnon and Orcs, eh?" He laughed. "Our meeting was fruitful enough. Some of the border patrol will be riding with your party. They have assured us that there is no threat. Two scouts came at Tirnon's request. They had killed one Orc and brought the head to show us." Thalawen took in a breath at this. "A grim sort of trophy." "Tirnon's wife sat with us during the discussion. She was not pleased by the display." "Himeth means well, but even I have been known to grow impatient at her prudishness," his Thalawen said. A pause. "Was it strange for you? When last you saw an Orc it was during the War." He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and sat there, hands folded across his knees. "When last I saw an Orc I saw many," he said slowly. "They were fleeing before us, and we were cutting down their stragglers. There was a fervent joy among our ranks. Sauron was defeated, Middle-earth free of his evil, and the minions of his wickedness ran before us like deer before the hunters' arrows. In that moment our triumph was such that all things seemed possible, even an end of Orcs." "There are still Orcs." "There are still Orcs," he agreed, standing and taking up his garments. "And yet, they are not what they were, neither in number nor in organization, and they do not come to this place. This was obviously a small group, and it has received heavy dissuasion from returning." Thalawen watched him as he clothed his nakedness. "Nevhithien and I will leave tomorrow with the dawn," she said. "If you have no fear for us then I will have none either." "I do not fear for you," he said, "yet I will ride with your party a little way, till we come to the end of our lands." He leaned down and kissed her forehead: a chaste gesture after their intimacy, but no less affectionate for it. "There I will bid you farewell and ride back with heavy heart, and wait and think of you till your return." :For know that I love you, wife of Fírhador.: :And I you, my own dear one.: -.-.-.- It was a lovely night and the trees were limned with silver under a full moon. Quiet night sounds filled the dusky air: small animals in the underbrush scouring for food; the far-off cry of an owl, gentled by distance; a faint breeze stirring the leafy canopy of boughs overhead. All seemed tranquil and still. This illusion of peace was dissolved as two patches of a deeper darkness broke with the broader night, darting across open ground to convene in a squatting exchange in a patch of underbrush. "Oi—close call, that was!" hissed the larger of the two. "I've never seen anything like it! Did you see Molurtz go down?" " Pah ." His fellow spat, continuing in an unpleasant voice, "That fool snaga never could keep his head in battle. Yes I saw." "He looked a right pincushion. Never seen anything like it before." There was a tight undercurrent to the guttural voice as it repeated itself. Clawed fingers flexed against muscular thighs. "Awww. Were you frightened, Kurbag? Thought you might take a scatter of elf-shot, yes?" A growl. "I won't lie, Nazluk—I don't like the idea of ten or twenty arrows sticking out of me, if that's what you're saying." "Hmmmmmm." The slighter Orc did not pursue this, standing and craning his neck to snuff the air. "I do not think we are followed. I have not caught a whiff of Golug this past half hour." "I will have to rely on your judgment as I have not smelled one myself." "What, never smelled an Elf?" Incredulity changed at the grunt of confirmation, turning immediately to smugness. "Nor seen nor fought with one before, I suppose. Well. There are fewer of them these days…I suppose it isn't really so surprising a deficiency on your part. Green warriors and untried Uruk-hai…" He gasped abruptly as a fist closed around his neck, jet-black talons pressing dangerously near his jugular. "Care to continue?" came a low purr. Nazluk was stubbornly silent for a moment before jerking his head in the negative. The heavy hand left him and the Orc sucked in a ragged breath. Fingering the skin Kurbag had touched, he shivered. "I am hardly untried. I have raided any number of Men's homesteads. I just haven't gone south before. It's been an interesting trip." He stood and stretched, content that they were in no immediate danger. The sharp cracking sounds of his strong back made Nazluk wince, but Kurbag sighed in evident pleasure. "Been a good one, too, save for tonight's spot of trouble. If Molurtz is our only loss it won't be so bad. He always was a bit of an idiot. Well? What do we do now?" -.-.-.- Disclaimer: Tolkien's works, characters and concepts are copyright J. R. R. Tolkien. The story Treed and the characters and events introduced in "Chapter I: The Sound of Trouble" are all copyright The Lauderdale (cartoon6 at hotmail dot com). "Chapter I" published January 5, 2006 and last edited December 25, 2012. Golug had its origins as First Age Orkish for the Noldor. Here it is used as a contemptuous term for Elves in general.