going to leave tonight as soon as possible. I'm going to get Jackie here and we are going to head to Mirkwood. Can you be here?" I asked forgetting to dumb it down "Uuughhhhh……Yea! I can buy the toaster!" "NO! You come to cheese shiny place now!" "Okay, yeah I can do that too! You still want the toaster?" Casey asked "NO! Just come! Turk-out!" I said and hung up I had much to do to get ready and so little time to do it. Kileana had cronies everywhere some were probably already in the Mirkwood forest right now. OoooO "Cheesy, this is madness!" Jackie exclaimed as we set off down the silent streets of Cheese and Crackers, the town that I live in, on giant cheese turkeys, "How are we possibly going to get into Mirkwood with no access code, blueprints of Russian Polka? Your plan is good but still Kileana is going to have like 50 fangirls in there you don't think they will notice you?" "I know, I thought of all that too. That is why after Kileana's minions get past all the security systems and its all clear, we walk right in after them disguised as one of their own. Fan Girls United has so many members its not like they will recognize us," I said munching on some mint girl scout cookies that I brought along, "Besides we can just ask Casey what goes on there. Didn't you serve a semester at their school Case?" She nodded like a spaz making her red hair fly everywhere. "See Jackie? We just have to dress in all pink and act stupid," I said and turned my cheese turkey left, "It will work, I know. And even though we don't have blueprints you forget that I have been to Mirkwood before on official fanfiction business." Casey gasped, "Did you see Elfy!" "No, unfortunately I didn't, though I did see Thranduil and Elrond. Why Elrond was there is just further proving my theory of Elven Lord Conspiracy." Jackie laughed aloud, "Let's not go into that again!" "Fair enough, but it will happen one day I tell ya!" "How much further is it to the shiny elf place! My butt is numb!" Casey complained. I rolled my eyes, "I told you, it's about 10 miles to the gates and then we will come to the 'teleportal' thing that should put us right outside Mirkwood." "Then Elfy! But this is sooo boring!" Casey exclaimed throwing her arms in the air and almost falling off the cheese turkey. "Then shut up and think of Elfy until we get there!" Jackie suggested Casey pouted but did it anyway. OoooO The border patrols at the gates were some tough people to get past. The wouldn't let just anyone into Middle Earth, you had to have a special passport, papers, salsa dip, and good and proper reason for wanting to get though. They rarely let fangirls in and under no circumstances, no way no how did they let Mary Sues in. But somehow they kept getting in anyway making it hard for the rest of us good law abiding citizens (Heh, yeah right) of the fandom to get past. The rules of that gate were as follows…No taking anything into Middle Earth that you planed to leave there that could alter the story in anyway, No taking things and or people out of Middle Earth, No unruly conduct, No harassing and or annoying the citizens of Middle Earth, No sale or trade of anything from the fandom in Middle Earth, No photographs of the citizens of Middle Earth unless you have their written permission and absolutely, under no circumstances is the writing of any fanfiction of any kind to be constructed in Middle Earth. I and just about everyone one else to past through the gates and enter the portal has broken every single rule and then some. And boy did I have a good time doing it. My Favorite was when I visited Rivendell and followed Elrond everywhere. And no matter how many times he told me to call him Lord Elrond I would call him nothing else but 'Eyebrow Man'. I laughed to myself as the three of us slowed our cheese turkey and the border control people came over. "Passports, papers and salsa dip!" demanded a tough looking woman in a full body suit of armor The three of us surrendered these objects and waited. "All right, everything seems to be in order," She said and handed back our passports and papers but she kept the salsa and stared eating it, "What's your business in Middle Earth?" "We are delivering a letter to the king of Mirkwood asking permission to write a fanfiction based in his home," I said and took a letter out of my backpack. "You'd better let me see that. It could be a bomb threat, or have sleeping powder in it so you and you evil authoress kind could take over Mirkwood and overthrow the rule of the Elves and cause imbalance in the world of Middle Earth and- "Dude, it's a letter about a fanfiction," Jackie said flatly. "Yeah…check it out it you want," I said and handed her the letter. She took it and looked at it suspiciously. She sniffed it and even licked it before she returned it. I am so going to need a new envelope… "Its fine I guess, but I had better not here about you 3 causing trouble! You may enter the portal now," She said wagging a finger at us, "You have 48 hours!" We nodded in thanks and she opened the gate and turned on the large swirling green portal that generated lightning and a strong wind. Why portals always do that is beyond me, must be a portal thing… I patted my cheese turkey when he started to get nervous (he never liked this part) and we rode forward and got sucked up by the portal. TBC OoooO