burning hot and the salty air was stifling. God, she wanted to sit down, close her eyes, and wake up in her lumpy bed that's mattress was in dire need of replacement, but she couldn't because the maybe-ship was just a speck on the horizon its travels by wind being much faster and less sand hindered than her own. Note: who's smart idea was it to chase a maybe-ship? Leaning forward Connie, with her hands on her knees, took a couple of deep breaths. By god, where the hell was she? Where were the locals? She hoped they weren't scary, inhuman locals, or mean human locals with bad breath, no love of hygiene, and sexual ideas in their heads. She could fight off one man with a relatively high chance of success, but not two or more. She was a strong girl, but not that strong! It would probably be a good idea to find a large stick or rock to carry with her for protection, and in the mist of trying to find said supplies there came another thought. Humans aside, she knew there were animals, and where there were animals there was a food chain. She gulped. Food chains didn't bode well for uninformed creatures. Creatures like her! "Whatever." The word escaped her lips thankfully stopping the beginnings of a minor panic attack. Thank god for her innate easygoingness or else she might have been a problem. In the next three hours, it was the same beach scenery with the exception of no more ship, but Connie had taken a poll and concluded that her spirits were still in the middle to high range. It wasn't much but it was something, and judging by the sun it was just about two in the afternoon. There was still a lot of day left to discover a settlement or something… Like an animal with huge teeth and really sharp talons. Hmm. What would be worse - to be maimed by a human or animal? Another poll was taken and her body unanimously decided it'd would rather been maimed by an animal. At least then she would be part of a cycle of life and her spirit would live on in said animal. These happy thoughts, and others, kept her focused for the next couple of hours as she hugged the coast line. Her other thoughts included: this place, world, or whatever was beautiful but uncivilized. Well, in a high tech sense. There hadn't been an airplane, or a flying 'thing', no hum of a car motor or a machine, and no smog. The water was blue and held almost too much life; dolphins or very large fish jumped in the distance, crabs scuffled along the bench unaware and uncaring of her, rude! , strange birds flew over head cawing much like a gull would. Complete isolation. This of course could be easy disproven. There could be very little people and not a lot of technology, or maybe no people but monster magic locals that had ships. And then the land started to slope. Sand became rock, plains became forest, and the rock became moist dirt. The plains disappeared into trees and the earth became cut with ravines, thick with green moss and large, vibrant trees. She did her best to keep to the coast, but the water was far below her now and the crashing of waves an echo on rock. Slowly thick foliage ate the scenery and she was stuck in a damp forest, almost a very shallow wet land, until it opened to a sandy banks of what she thought was a river delta. It's green and pregnant flow of water streamed into an estuary, the cliffs where she came from curving around the water and blocking the open ocean from her sight. The break in the canopy allowed her to see that sun was further in the sky, probably around later afternoon time, and Connie sighed trying to wipe dirt and pieces of forest off her. The forest had been cool, but the sun was blazing hot and her skin almost immediately became sticky with sweat. And one hot, sweaty, hungry, and thirty Connie did not equate to one happy camper. "Shit," she cursed taking off her running shoes and rinsing the mud off with water. "This really sucks." Now was a good time as any to cry. Too bad she had already tired with no success. This is what happens to people who spend their whole lives trying not to cry, Connie thought mockingly, when they actually need to cry they can't. Great. Perfect. Now how was she supposed to vent? Punch a tree? Maybe...No bad idea. Blinking as she came again into the sun, Connie decided that she should do as she did earlier that morning - gather her bearings. If she couldn't cry pathetically then she should at least do something . Precious daylight was wasting away. She took in everything: the trees, the cliffs, the inlet, and the river. She'd lost sight of that maybe-ship ages ago because of the stupid forest, but she was now on the banks of a rather large, slow moving river. Rivers led to places like civilizations - hello, river valley civilizations! - and theoretically this river could give her a better deal than that lame maybe-ship. It would provide water at least. The trees stretched down the dark green river on both sides. Here there was a problem. Hug the coast and get to civilization, or hug the river and have water and food, and maybe reach some type of town? The choice was obvious. She had enough skill due to her camp loving family and smarts (at least she'd like to think she possessed some intelligence) to meet basic survival needs for a time. Besides, she wasn't worried about surviving - she was worried about being alone for the rest of her life and never being able to return home. Huckleberry Finn, eat your heart out!