of necessity. Blind or no, he still could barely abide caves, since these had been an old childhood phobia, and in a way still were. Those he had reluctantly chosen were emergency store-places, such as the one where he had spent the night before, since it was relatively large and open. His favorite and most constant home was close to the center of the valley, on a high slope from which a stream flowed into the river that cut the valley in two. Here there grew a mighty tree, so tall that its top most branches challenged the surrounding mountaintops for the resting place of the eagles. The tree had been nearly completely hollowed in the ages before Legolas had discovered it, and the lowest level alone was cavernous. A little explorative climbing showed that there were additional hollows higher in the tree, and with time, a little effort, and some the addition of some crude rope ladders for emergencies, thy were connected, cleaned out, and prepared for use. Since he had not brought a horse with him when he had left Mirkwood as he had been uncertain of his ability to keep one once had reached wherever he was going, he was compelled to conduct all of his exploration of the valley on foot. Despite this, he really had nothing better to do, and within two years he knew the place as well as he had ever known Mirkwood. As much as he had lamented his loss of sight, and still did, living without it gave him a new perspective on life, and indeed, opened up entire new worlds to his senses. His hearing developed further the more he relied on it, and so he learned to pick up the softest sound, or even a shift of air around an object. His movements gained stealth, since he was now able to realize just how much noise he made himself during movement. He learned to tell plants and animals apart by smell; and feeling them— or even the air itself, told him volumes about both where he was and what was around him. Even still—even with all he had gained, the longer he tried to convince himself that he was happy now, the more he realized how miserable he really was, and the more acutely he became aware of all he had lost. And as he struggled to fight his way through a whole new kind of life, he was never able to let himself forget, that inside, he was only empty. -;-.!\.-;- " I feel an emptiness inside Like part of me already died When I pretended to go on Like everything's okay Then all we built began to fall As I began to lose it all I shut my eyes and set me free Cause I was scared to see That we weren't what we used to be." -Hoobastank -;-.!\.-;- Days flew by, unmarked and unheeded. Summer's lingering tendrils soon dissipated entirely, and fall blew briskly by. Winter's chill nagged at the heels of the wind, stirring the bare branches of the forest and sending the woodland animals scurrying for shelter. One of these woodland creatures took the form of a lone, golden-haired elf, who prepared for the approaching season with the same urgency and caution as did the rest of the valley's inhabitants. In a high chamber of the Oak, a small wood fire burned atop a large round hearth in the center of the room. The floor, walls and ceiling of this room were all oiled to a fire-proof sheen, and strings of herbs and roots hung from the walls. Skin pouches of fruit, berries, and water lined rough shelves along the walls, made of intermeshed twigs held together with bark twine. The natural knotholes in the trunk that allowed a view of the land below had been covered with interwoven pine branches, thick enough to keep out snow and wind alike. This was the fire room, but minus the hearth, the other two chambers in the tree looked much the same. For the bottom room Legolas had fashioned a sturdy door of logs, and now used only this to enter and exit the tree, where he planned to spend the winter. The bottom chamber itself was the largest, and was fairly brimming with firewood and extra pine boughs for bedding. Legolas wasn't worried about running out of water, since he could always melt the snow, but he needed to be sure he had enough food to last the winter. As such, he had spent the day fishing, making the trip back to the Oak several times to deposit his catch. It was now nearly dark, and the wind was picking up. The scent of the air told him that it would freeze that night at the least, and very likely snow. And yet, as he stood at a knothole in the fire room, trying to sense the atmosphere of the valley, he was still uneasy. Something wasn't right. The fire was roaring steadily, so he knew it would burn until he got back. He pulled on his cloak and fur-lined tunic—both longtime memories from Mirkwood—and retrieved his staff from where it leaned against the wall by the ladder. On second thought only, he shoved an additional short dagger into his belt, leaving his other weapons where they were in the chamber above him. Descending the swaying ladder, he hesitated only briefly before heading out into the blistering gale that blew vehemently against him, deterring his progress only slightly, since it's howling disallowed him from counting on hearing to navigate. Unfazed, he hunched his shoulders into the wind and thrust his staff out before him, letting it tell the way as he shoved forward into he knew not what. Left, right, left right. The soft tap of the wood on the dry ground was lost in the flurry, and as the safety of the Oak faded behind him, the snow began to fall. -;-.!\.-;- Please review!