the ground. The other Orcs stepped right over its body and kept running to the wall with their ladders. He reached for another arrow and found that he no longer had any in his quiver. "Shoot them down!" roared Haldir to the Elves around him. "Bring them down! Hold them back! Ti togdad! Garo yrch dan!" Obeying their captain, they shot at the Orcs with the ladders, but they were too quick. They brought the ladders upon the walls and started climbing them. Haldir realized that his bow was no longer useful and he tossed it aside, whisking his sword out at the same time. The Elves who too no longer had any arrows stood at the ladders with Haldir and Gimli the Dwarf, waiting for the Uruks to appear. An Orc emerged, snarling almost just as Legolas shot it down. "That was mine!" growled Gimli to the Elf. Not a few feet away, Aragorn was slashing at the Orcs who were already surrounding them. An Orc came up the ladder snarly madly. Haldir gouged its neck with his sword, sending it flying back down to where it had come from. He turned and an Uruk in front of him raised his sword and was prepared to behead him when Haldir roared and brought his sword about, cutting the creature right through its stomach. He continued at the same spot all through the night, for the creatures never stopped coming. The more he destroyed, it seemed, the more would come. He caught sight of the Elves shooting at the causeway, at the Orcs who were attempting to bring down the doors. There was a piercing yell and Legolas was the only one who was able to take action. "Dago hon!" Aragorn yelled in panic. "Dago hon!" Haldir roughly lodged an abandoned spear into the stomach of the Orc he was fighting and turned around just in time to see an unarmed Uruk carrying a torch throw himself into the drain beneath the fortress. There came a groan from the Uruk and the wall was breached. There was a vast explosion and the Elves, Men and Uruks who were standing over the drain were destroyed and thrown into the army of Uruks. Haldir stared hard at the wreckage, unable to believe what had just happened. He looked around frantically, making sure that his brothers were still by his side. They were not. "Rúmil! Orophin!" he cried, darting around uncharacteristically. "Dambeth enni! Gwanur!" He blindly slashed at an Uruk and killed it. He could not find his brothers. He'd broken his own vow and he would never forgive himself for it. Tears rolled down his face as he finished off another Uruk. He heard Théoden shouting something, but he could not discern his words. More Orcs were running in his direction and he brutally slashed each one. "Haldir!" Aragorn called to him from the ground. Haldir pulled his sword out of an Uruk and looked over the edge at the Dúnedan. "Nan barad, Haldir! Nan barad!" Haldir nodded. If he could not save his own brothers, then he'd save the others. "Drego Galadhrim, noro! Nan barad!" he roared, signaling to his Elves to run to the Keep. An Elf ran by carrying a sword. Haldir caught a glimpse of the Elf's face and stopped. It was Orophin. "Oroph-" he began before watching a bloodied Elf run by him. The Elf was Rúmil. "Nan barad!" Haldir yelled on, watching his brothers and making sure that they weren't harmed. Rúmil had looked horrible. He'd save his brother when they met up later on after the battle. Two Uruks ran up in front of him and as Haldir stabbed one of them, still watching his brothers flee, the second beast slashed at his left arm and opened a huge gash in his wrist. He gasped in pain and swung his sword at the Orc, cutting its neck open and killing it. Haldir paused in shock and agony and stared at his wrist, not quite believing what had happened. An Elf ran by him. Blood dripped from his wrist and everything seemed to be happening in slow motion. Another Elf darted past him. He looked into the direction where his brothers had gone and he decided that he'd have to make it to the Keep in order to be reunited with them. With that, he started running after another Elf that came by. A shadow appeared behind him and there was a loud thud. Haldir stopped in his tracks and he now wore a stunned expression on his face. He felt a huge sear of pain on the back of his head and his wrist injury could no longer be felt. His knees gave way and he fell to the floor, dazed. All the sound around him became mute and he was left kneeling amongst the dead. He could feel his life being whisked away slowly and all he could think was, 'I didn't watch out for them. And now I am paying." His face contorted in pain as he gazed down at the broken up dead bodies of the Elves of the Galadhrim. He had failed his brothers and himself. The only sound he could hear was an eerily soft, but comforting noise. It was almost like a beautiful voice was singing to him. He inhaled sharply and thought his last thought about his two brothers. 'May the blessings of the Valar protect them.' Fading away, he heard a soft melody blowing past his ear. Ar sindarnoriello caita mornië, ar ilye tier undulave lumbulë... As Aragorn rushed to his side and gripped the Elf's shoulder, Haldir's head fell back limply upon the Man's shoulder. His beautiful blue eyes were unmoving and his mouth was still half open in shock but it breathed no air. His life had moved on. Haldir had passed over the seas and into Aman, still vowing to keep a watch out for his brothers. Even so, he had died a hero.