have been raised well. "I must return back to Galadriel and Celeborn, my parents" My mouth hang opened "Your parents?" I said a bit hesitant. Nothing of her had been mentioned, not in the books nor the films. "Yes, I am the heritage of their legacy. If something should happen to one of them I will rule with the one left or rule aside with my husband Caius if none of them should survive" "May I ask how old you are?" I asked her with curiosity. "I am 1754 years old. I am quite young despite my parents; they are thousands of years older than me" "Immortality" I whispered to myself amazed, but she heard it perfectly well. "I shall leave you alone now" She said and curtsied like I was someone important, before she left me with a great deal of information that I would dwell on. As I hit the white sheets I blacked out, I was quite worn out from today and everything that had happened. I woke with the sunlight in my eyes; I had slept in my old clothes. "I have clear water; you should clean yourself after your journey. Galadriel awaits you" Elbithia's voice startled me. I jumped out of bed as she walked back to the mighty tree fortress. I went behind the gold wire folding screen and freshened up, and looked in the mirror. The green velvet gown I was given the other day hang loose and nice around me. I tried to do something with my hair, a braid at the side but it didn't look good on me so I tried to tie it in a knot, but that didn't look good either. I decided to keep my hair loose and curly. One of the things I missed now was my make up, I looked very pale. I stepped outside and saw Galadriel by the river. I walked down to her and curtsied. "I have requested to speak with you, you must know about the danger." She spoke looking in front of the river. "What kind of danger?" I asked her. "I know you know about us in the future, about the war of the one ring that will be coming. No other than you know that we are real and more than just a story. Where you come from, you have books about us and ways to watch us. Tolkien was a prophet, he thought he was the creator of us but he was not. I do not wish for you to tell anyone what will happen, because it will have extremely consequences if you do. You are a human with no training or experience of self defense. We will make you a warrior." She looked at me and continued. "You will train with Haldir, one of our superior warriors. He will teach you how to use a sword, the bow and arrow and to use knives" She let me process the information, I watched the River and thought of it all. What extremely consequences? How could I become a warrior? How could I learn to handle weapons? Why did it have to be Haldir? Couldn't it be Legolas? I had all of these questions in my head but I was too afraid to ask some of them. "Time will tell and you will see." Galadriel explained to me. "I see you have an interest for elves, in particular Legolas. He will leave today." She informed me. "Leave, why?" I questioned, looking surprised, where would he go? "He will leave to Rivendell very soon at the request of his father, I thought you knew this" she said. "No I didn't know. Him and I didn't speak very much. He saved my life, I owe him everything" I said whispering the last sentence. "Do you still wish to speak with me, or am I free to leave?" I asked, wondering if I could go to see Legolas before he left. She motioned for me to leave and smiled. I curtsied once more and left in a hurry towards Legolas at the end of the forest. "Legolas" I yelled after him and he turned around, still looking angry and upset like the day before. He kept on walking. "Wait, I wish to speak with you before you leave" I told him. "I didn't know you were leaving, lady Galadriel told me just a few moments ago" I grabbed his hand but he pushed it aside. "Why should I listen to you, all there is coming out of your mouth are lies." He was yelling quietly and I ignored the few looks of certain elves. It was not common for an elf to yell at people. "Lies?" I questioned, my focus was only on him. "You were dishonest with me, you told me you couldn't remember anything from your past. I know now that I shouldn't have trusted a human so rapidly. What reasons did you have to lie to me?" he seemed to be rather more upset than angry now. "I was scared, and by the thoughts that you could maybe leave me alone if you found out where I come from were scary. I couldn't have made it out there by myself. " "Do you really think that I would leave you to yourself if I found out? Is that how you think of me?" he asked me, still upset. My explanation seemed dull now, and realized that lying to him was wrong. "Is there any way you could forgive me?" I asked, almost pleading. He took a good look at me before he left, my questioned unanswered. I felt a light hand on my shoulder. "Do not worry about him; you need to separate the emotions from yourself. Come, it's time for your training with Haldir. I will be there with your training the first few times. You and I will be great friends" Elbithia told me, smiling slightly. She danced lightly through the forest dragging me with her.