had been slain were judged within the halls of Mandos, never to find rest until the Last War. But with this victory came many woes for though none were lastingly hurt, much damage had been dealt upon the Land. Trees were burned or poisoned, rivers and streams, murked with the blood of the fallen, much was ruined that can never be fully restored. And the Valar were eluded as to why Eru would not intervene. But amongst the fallen were Ingwe and his family and in his sadness, he refused to leave the halls of Mandos and take up the Kingship of his people. From these hurts, something fumed within the hearts of the Aradar (high-elves), it stirred most strongly amongst the Noldor, but its signs were seen within many circles of the Vanyar, the Teleri, and those who dwelt in Avalone. The wise have said many things concerning this stirring: to some, it was desire to avenge the griefs wrought upon Valinor where no evil should touch; perhaps it was anger at percieved deception, that a promise, though unspoken, had been broken; a rekindling of a forgotten love for the lands they left behind, lands that now dwelt under a shadow that the Aradar could no longer flee from; or that the seeds of Melkor the Morgoth had finally been nourished and from this fruit, a silent distaste for the lands they had been told were deathless. Whatever the cause, a laboring began that had not been seen since before the War of Wrath. In this labor: many weapons, shields, and tools of war were made ready and in this labor did many of all elven kindreds have part along with several of the Maiar of Aule, Orome, Tulkas, and Varda for all forsaw a declaration from Manwe and some guessed that perhaps the King of Arda would declare war upon the Crown of Night. During this Labor, the Valar themselves with the greatest of the Maiar and wisest of the Aradar held a great council to decide their action. None denied that this attack was a declaration of war upon Aman, but as none could decide on their response. For the Valar could not directly intervene in the affairs of Middle-Earth unless granted permission by the One, which had been withheld and even the Maiar could only do so much against such a power without falling as Sauron, Curumo, and too many others had. Therefore, it was decided that the elves themselves would be the only ones able to go forth and aid the free peoples of Middle-Earth once more. But as the Valar agreed upon their decree, Mandos stood amongst them and spoke. What he uttered is unwritten here, but long did his peers ponder his words. Finally, the Valar gave their blessing to the desire of the Aradar for they had no power to withhold them there. Freely did the elves come to Valinor and freely they may depart and this has remained unchanged for all the ages of the world. But...a great price was laid upon those determined to leave the Blessed Shores...their coming to the Mortal Shores would mean the breaking of the Straight Road. Never again would they and they of their kin who remained in Middle-Earth be able to flee from that world but they would now have to either live as one with it, or live forever in everlasting denial, unable to accept the bitterness of their gifts. Though some starved the fire of their heart, most others choose this path, some unaware of what this fully meant. So it was, that Seven Fleets of twelve great ships set forth from the Blessed Realm, taking with them much that they would not leave behind in the Blessed Realm. After many years and facing the wrath of a sea that remembered them not, the Aradar of Valinor landed their ships and returned to Middle-Earth in the year 2791 of the Fourth Age. There, they humbled themselves and took Gilead Galadrion, son of Elenion Gilmacar and grandson of Ereinion Gil-Galad as their High-King. By their aid, what remained of middle-earth's people free from the Shadow of an endless night were strengthened and in time stood against the Dark Power. But of that war and it's outcome...that is not recorded here...for Valinor is shut off and never can we return... Song of the Swan Authors Notes: Before you say it, yes this was heavily influenced by the Old Republic Trailer: Decieved. Still, all and all, I like how the concept of an assault on Valinor would work out. If anyone wanted to attack, it would have to an assault of sheer utmost surprise...which is pretty much impossible if you've read the books. But seeing as that this attack takes place during the Fourth Age and Tolkien left this as a clean slate...speculation became my best friend. The guy leading the assualt is not an elf, but I'll leave his identity blank for the time-being, as for his army...lets just say Middle-Earth is under a new High-King and...he's not friendly. As much as people love Tuor, Elrond, and Legolas, I really don't know if the latter two would be able to participate at all since technically their supposed to be in Avallone, but again...speculation is my best friend. As for why anyone would even attempt such an attack is beyond me since, as I noted earlier, anyone who attacks Valinor is bound to lose assuming they set foot (see Ar-Pharazon for reference) because of the nature of the land. If someone is killed, they'll go to the Halls of Mandos, reincarnate and return to fight the next...wash, rinse, dry and repeat as much as necessary. Any comments or Reviews would be appreciated since I myself can notice some things that I could improve...and a sequel...maybe...not a bad ideal at all. Also, the title is open for change. I'm looking for something along the lines of sadness, regret, or grief, any input would help a lot.