back of one of them amidst thirteen cantering horses. A regal Elf stood at the head of the crowd; he had a worried frown on his face when he caught sight of the sickly child in Glorfindel's arms and raised a brow when he saw Brewyn and her Wargs. "How fares he Glorfindel?" "He's fading fast my lord Elrond, we had best hurry." Elrond nodded, "quickly now to the healing chambers." As they disappeared Brewyn could feel all eyes on her, but ignored the inquisitive eyes in favor of taking care of her Wargs opening her satchel (the only remaining human item she possessed aside from the knives) and gave each of them a strip of meat. Checking their paws and fur over, Brewyn removed the occasional bur or sticker. Snow growled slightly as a hand came into Brewyn's view. Looking up she saw a handsome smiling face of a man. His brown hair was full, his eyes were grey, and he carried himself like a noble. He bowed "Boromir, son of Denethor Steward of Gondor, at your service." Brewyn returned the gesture "Brewyn, Child of the Trees, Emissary of Fangorn." There were several murmurs of disbelief, and gasps of astonishment Brewyn ignored them, as did Boromir. "And are these your pets?" He inquired. Brewyn tensed, "not pets, my brother, Bronmir" she gestured towards him, "and our pack-mates; Snow and Ice." Boromir raised an eyebrow but didn't- to Brewyn's relief- pursue that line of questioning. Later, Elrond came back, with Gandalf the Grey, and Glorfindel. Brewyn was relieved; she was starting to grow uncomfortable with all the attention. "Greetings Lord Elrond Well met Grey Pilgrim, and lord Glorfindel. I trust lord Glorfindel briefed you on who I am?" "Indeed, come let us talk in my office we shall be comfortable there. Are your-" he trailed off uncertainly. Nodding, she spoke "Bronmir, my brother and our travelling companions, Snow and Ice, wish to be shown to where we will be staying; they are exhausted after our long journey." "Yes, yes of course." He turned and gestured to an elf, "Mirieal shall show them the way." Brewyn turned to her brother, "Go with her, and cause no mischief while we are apart." Saying this she took off after the two Elves and Wizard. Arriving at Elrond's office, Brewyn could not help but to be filled with curiosity, since she was fifteen she had never lived under a roof again; in the enclosed space Brewyn wondered how anything was accomplished in this place without the sun to help it grow. As she looked around with open interest, she noticed the others waiting for an answer to a query. "I apologize, I have not been under a roof in a long time; it is- unusual…" "Indeed. Child I know you said you were an emissary from Fangorn, but I have never heard of any recent civilizations in the forest." Brewyn shook her head "This civilization is older than any of you here; they were here since Nienna begged her brother for them. They are the Ents." "Child the Ents-" Elrond started to object. "If I might explain my lords?" Elrond nodded, "that would be best." Brewyn launched into her tale starting when ran into Fangorn to avoid the Orcs, how she met Treebeard, being adopted as a child of the Trees, her meeting Bronmir and the others, learning Entish, becoming Emissary, and finally how it all lead up to her last week in Fangorn. "Treebeard had asked me to check on our south-western border for our trees had been in anguish of late." Brewyn bowed her head, "it was terrible, and Saruman had killed thousands of trees to heat his fires. The devastation was great, and I saw Orcs, a twenty thousand strong at least." Brewyn looked up at last "That isn't all, once I got over my shock, I saw the White One drag the Grey Pilgrim out onto the top of his tower, I think he meant to let you rot out there Grey one." Here she addressed Gandalf directly, "So I sent a moth to your aid, anything larger and I wasn't sure Saruman wouldn't notice it. After that I went to Treebeard to give my report, he called his brother tree-herders, they counseled; and they sent me here." The questions started, "How did you learn Old Entish?" this was Gandalf of course. Brewyn shrugged, "it is not possible for humans to learn Old Entish; I only actually know three words in that language." Seeing the bemused expressions, she explained further, "when I was adopted as a Tree-Child I learned the languages of the animals and the trees. The trees are the only ones to understand Old Entish, and they translate for me." Glorfindel asked another question, "You said you ran away from the Orcs, five years hence, where is your family?" Brewyn stiffened, and paled a little; "Treebeard, Bronmir, and the others are my family now." "But-" "I have nothing left to live for in the human world." "Yet you are here, asking for our help." Brewyn flinched, "I am prepared to offer my services in the war in exchange for help." "Indeed. We shall speak more on this matter, but for now; Glorfindel if you would show her to her chambers. The council will convene in a week's time." As Brewyn started to walk away, she turned back as a thought occurred to her "Excuse me, Lord Elrond but might I inquire as to the health of the child whom lord Glorfindel brought in earlier?" "Frodo is well, thanks in no small part to you if I remember lord Glorfindel's tale correctly." Brewyn blushed "It was nothing, Lord Elrond." "No," Gandalf interjected "your help saved more lives than you know." Brewyn shrugged uncomfortably, and bowing one last time, she turned to follow Glorfindel. Brewyn(Bre-win)-female, 20 yrs old, Black hair, green eyes, 5ft Bronmir(Brawn-meer)-male| Branwen(Bran-when)-female Anwen(An-when)-female| Andmir(And-meer)-male Aeyer(I-year)-female| Caymir(Kay-meer)-male Celebwyn(soft c-leb-win)-female| Ceylia(See-lee-a)-female Kria(Cree-a)-Female| Heyton(hey-tan)-male Snow-female| Ice-female Morn(mourn)-male| Navar(Naa-var)-male Larikan(Lar-ee-khan)-male| Larigan(Lar-ee-gone)-male