a comfort to many," Elrond said. "And to that end, I ask you to go now and seek peace for yourself. These tidings have dealt you a grievous blow." "I will also take my leave so that I may prepare the messages to be sent to the Rangers," Erestor said, standing. "I assume you wish to tell them all the eagle's tidings?" "All that we may freely speak of, and that is little enough," Elrond sighed. "But certainly they must know of the Balrog." Erestor nodded and made as though to leave, but then he paused and turned back toward Elrond. "It is not permitted to speak of, but perhaps using other words, I might beg a question of you: Should you have known? Should you have felt Mithrandir's fall?" Elrond pursed his lips. "Mithrandir has been lost to me for many days. I cannot penetrate the shadow that creeps westward from the mountains. Over a month ago, I tried to do so for the sake of the Fellowship and was thwarted. The darkness is even greater now." "But it is not dark above Celebdil." Glorfindel frowned, hearing a strange note in Erestor's voice. Elrond seemed equally puzzled and turned his gaze to the south. "Above Celebdil?" he echoed. "I rode a trail out of the valley late last night and viewed the mountain for myself," Erestor said. "The slopes are lost to clouds, but above those clouds, I saw the reflection of moonlight. The peak lies bare of all save snow, and the scouts tell me that it has been so since the first day of the storm." Erestor now also turned to watch the south. "Might we not take hope in that? Even if Mithrandir is lost to us, the storm that feels so significant only clouds the lands below it. It cannot shadow the high places. Might hope not be…" Erestor paused, seeming to hesitate over his next words. "Might hope not be rekindled from that?" he finished, his voice scarcely more than a whisper. Elrond stiffened, and Glorfindel held his breath. It was the closest any of them had come to actually saying that Mithrandir bore the Ring of Fire. The Ring capable of rekindling lost hope. "It is not permitted to speak of these things," Elrond said softly. "No, it is not," Erestor agreed. "Nevertheless, the point remains: might we not draw hope from this?" "I have said already that my sight cannot penetrate—" "Then do not rely upon your foresight!" Erestor said. "Nor you, Glorfindel," he added, gracing Glorfindel with a frustrated look. "I am not gifted with the foresight that you have, yet I, too, can look afar. But I see that which you overlook, and I say to you both: Take hope in this! The sun smiles upon the summit. Not all is lost to darkness!" Glorfindel frowned and looked to Elrond. Was it possible? Earlier that morning, Glorfindel had grieved the elves' reliance upon the Three. Perhaps he should also grieve his own reliance upon foresight, for Erestor was correct: There was no shadow or cloud upon Celebdil's peak. Mayhap that was a sign. Mayhap hope would be rekindled. "We will continue to watch the mountain," Elrond said at length, neither dismissing nor supporting Erestor's plea for hope. "And we will act with prudence, for in this matter, prudence is a wise course. Go now, both of you. My sons will wish to ride ere nightfall, and Glorfindel still looks as though he has seen a wraith." Deciding that the wraith comment did not merit a response, Glorfindel rose from his seat as Erestor murmured a quick farewell. He fully intended to follow Erestor back into the house, but he found himself suddenly weary. A wave of dizziness threatened his balance, and he reached down to brace himself on the arm of his chair. "Do you require assistance?" Glorfindel glanced up to find Elrond watching him closely. "I should be well enough." "You should be, yes, but you are not," Elrond decided. "There is a low bench just inside. Rest there while I prepare a draught for you." Had his thoughts not felt so scattered, Glorfindel would have protested. He disliked Elrond's healing potions almost as much as he disliked miruvor. But the longer he stood, the more he realized that he would not be able to walk much further than the door of Elrond's chambers. Swallowing his pride, he quietly agreed and moved inside, aware of Elrond disappearing into an adjacent room where he kept many of his herbs and tinctures. With a deep sigh, Glorfindel sank down onto the bench and reflected back upon Erestor's words. He wished to hope. He wished to believe that fire could indeed be rekindled beneath the sun. But like Elrond, he could not pierce the deepening shadow, and he was loath to trust in what he could not discern. Bowing his head, he rested his chin upon his chest and struggled to see Erestor's hope. But all he saw was the darkened world below the mists. With a grimace, Glorfindel stretched out on his side and closed his eyes. Perhaps he did rely overmuch upon foresight. Perhaps he could not see the hope atop the open peak. But Erestor could. And Glorfindel trusted Erestor. For now, that would have to be enough. Author's Notes: First, my thanks to Virtuella, who gave this story a much needed beta edit. Second, this is a VERY belated birthday present to Nieriel Raina. Happy Birthday! I'm not quite a month late, but I am close. If you want to look at it another way, though, you can call this an early Christmas present. Happy Holidays! Third, I'm going with Tolkien's second version of history as chronicled in The Peoples of Middle-earth , wherein Glorfindel returns to Middle-earth in the Second Age rather than the Third Age. It's not a crucial difference, but for interested parties, references to Glorfindel's back story allude to that. Thank you for reading!