income for the disabled, and spending 18 hours a day on my computer writing and reading. But I was writing and reading about you. About this world. I have invested far more into the realm of Arda than I have my own world. Therefore, it is unlikely that I shall suffer the same degree of hopeless depression that plagued me back home." "Well spoken," Yavanna said, smiling warmly at me. "Which is precisely why you were among those considered. You value this world far more than your own in some ways." "Just remember, the more connected you become, the harder the losses affect you," cautioned Nienna. "The road you walk in this world will be filled with danger to your soul. You will face death, lost friends, failure...and the betrayal of those you trust most." Her last words pierced me like a shard of ice. I whipped around to stare at her, my heart hammering fast. She nodded, looking sadder than ever. Of course, I realized with a jolt, she had been inside my head, so she knew that that would be the hardest blow. My greatest dread coming to pass. Betrayal by one I trust. I looked around at the other Valar to see them wearing quite somber expressions. I swallowed, trying to regain control. "Nothing worthwhile comes without sacrifice," I said finally. "Spoken with wisdom that defies your years," said Mandos, with the merest hint of surprise lacing his voice. "Perhaps we are not entirely lost after all." I bowed before him, then looked up at him questioningly. "My lord. You stated earlier that I lack the necessary skill sets for the task you wish of me. What skill sets would those be, exactly?" "Survival in combat," replied Mandos, returning to his previous unflappable manor. "As it stands now you would not survive more than a minute against a raiding party of orcs." I furrowed my eyebrows, not out of the resentment I felt at his words, but out of confusion. After the destruction of Sauron, the orcs and other creatures of evil disbanded for the most part. The men of Rhun and the Haradrim had surrendered to Aragorn's armies, and a golden age of peace had fallen upon Middle Earth. "But, my lord," I said, doing my utmost not to sound argumentative. "After Elessar's victory, the threat to the free peoples all but vanished, did it not? As far as I can recall, there were only occasional raids from orcs or goblins on outlying villages for a few months, then all went peaceful again. Why would I need to be able to fight orcs if they are all dead?" "Because," Manwe said softly. "You are assuming that that is where you will be sent." When I merely looked my confusion, he amended. "Or, more accurately, you are assuming that is WHEN you will be sent." I raised an eyebrow. "What you need to realize," Orome told me, "Is that time in Aman is not subject to the same governing laws as time on Endor. It's not easy, but when we wish, we can bend it on occasion. If we were to send you to Endor at the beginning of the Fourth Age, you would be too late." "Too late for what?" I asked. "To fulfill your purpose," said Aule, his voice deep and booming. "We shall be sending you to the end of the Third Age. That should give you enough time." "Time for what?" I asked, fighting to keep my frustration under control. "You've summoned me to this place, you've explained how, but never why. What do you want me to do?" I almost shouted the last sentence. There was silence from around the circle. I could sense rather than hear the Valar communicating silently. Then, Mandos spoke two words into the silence. They were two simple words, quite easy to pronounce. And yet they filled me with a dread that overwhelmed every other emotion, much the same way as a raging inferno overwhelms a flickering candle. The other Valar were looking at me, alarmed. I swayed dangerously on the spot, still unable to wrap my head around it. Sure I'd heard of it. All the Tolkien scholars had. But to hear it from the same mouth that had foretold it was something else entirely. Wave after wave of mind-numbing dread and fear crashed over me with such force that my knees gave way and I fell, landing on the floor of white marble that now, in a tiny corner of my mind not consumed by fear, I realized was laced with pure Mithril. My head hit the floor and my vision blacked out. My last thoughts were once again of those two words. My fate. My doom. Dagor Dagorath DUN DUN DUUUUUNNN! There's the first chapter. As I said at the beginning, this is my first time writing this type of story, and I know that both plot aspects are overdone, but, as you can hopefully see, I've tried to make this more interesting than your average OC. I have a basic outline ready with a few twists and turns already in the wings. But, as always, you are the main motivators behind my writing. If you like it and/or want me to continue, i shall. If you're indifferent, that's fine, and if you hate it with every fiber of your being, let me know to so that I can stop early on and spare all of us the pain. But as always, there's only one way to let me know...REVIEW! P.S. I almost forgot the word key that I promised you...lets see...ahh yes: ENDOR - ancient name for 'Middle Earth' ARDA - ancient name for the entire world, including Middle Earth and Valinor ONODRIM - ancient name for the Ents LAURELINDORENAN - original name of Lothlorien. AMAN - another name for Valinor DAGOR DAGORATH - Sindarian ' Battle of Battles', 'The Last Battle', the prophecized final battle that ends with the destruction of Melkor.