hand. "Gandalf?" he said, rubbing at his head. "Bilbo Baggins!" The wizard knelt down and wrapped his arms about the swaying hobbit. Then he backed away, with a look of long suffering upon his face. "Y'know Bilbo, you should really stop going on these all-night benders. It can't be good for you, especially at your age! One hundred and eleven years old… who would believe it?" Then he looked at the hobbit in wonder. "You haven't aged a day." Bilbo laughed, and took a swig from his brandy. "Well, I guess I must be doing something right then! Come on, come in! Welcome, welcome!" He ushered Gandalf inside and closed the door. "I was just doing a nice greasy fry-up. You want some?" Gandalf shook his head: "Just tea, thank you." And Bilbo bustled off to go and check upon his bacon. Gandalf walked into the study. The desk by the window was cluttered with letters, papers and maps. Gandalf picked one up and looked at it with a smile. It depicted the Lonely Mountain. "Bilbo?" "Hmm?" The sound of sizzling pork rashers drifted in from the kitchen. "Why is it called the Lonely Mountain? I mean, it's a mountain right? How can a mountain get lonely?" Bilbo came back in, a plate of bacon and eggs in hand. "You know, I never really thought about it…" There was an obscene amount of banging upon the front door. The hobbit threw himself against the wall and whispered: "I'm not at home!" Gandalf nodded, and then put down the map and walked to the front door. Lobelia Sackville-Baggins was waiting on the front step, with her hands upon her hips. "Sorry," said Gandalf. "Bilbo is not at home." She raised an eyebrow. "Oh, how convenient ! Bilbo Baggins decides to take a trip the day after throwing up all over my flowerbeds!" Gandalf turned towards the hidden Bilbo. "Did you?" The hobbit made a slashing motion across his throat. Gandalf coughed. "I, er, I mean… did he? Really? Hmm. Well, I'm sure he'll be back to make amends soon. It's not like he's hiding in the study or anything!" Bilbo slapped himself in the forehead. "Well, um, bye!" And he shut the door in her face. Bilbo watched her storm off down the path with a sigh. "I've got to get away from these confounded relatives hanging on the bell, never giving me a moment's peace!" He collapsed into a seat by the table, and began waffling down his breakfast. "I want to see mountains again, mountains Gandalf! And then find somewhere quiet where I can finish my book." The kettle whistled. "Ah, tea!" He leapt up and poured Gandalf a mug. The wizard sat down and had a sip. His face screwed up in disgust. Then he swiped Bilbo's bottle of brandy off the sideboard and gave it a kick. "So, you mean to go through with your plan, then?" "Yes, yes. It's all in hand. All the arrangements are made." He pointed to a suitcase in the corner. "Been packed for days." Gandalf frowned. "Frodo suspects something." "Er, yes," Bilbo coughed. "Well, I was phoning up the travel agents the other day to book tickets to Hawaii and I accidentally dialed his number…" "Ah." "So you see, I took him on a bender and plied him with drink until he'd forget." The hobbit grinned. "I think it worked." Gandalf nodded. "He certainly looked bright-eyed and bushytailed just a little while ago." "Yes, well the lad can handle his drink. Damned youth." "You will tell him eventually, won't you?" "Yes, yes." "He's very fond of you." Bilbo's eyes widened. "Is he? I-I mean, I know we are related, but only distantly…" Gandalf clouted him. "There are enough fangirls in this godforsaken world! Do not make a slip of the tongue and create more of them with your incestuous remarks!" Bilbo rubbed his head. "Sorry." He had a sip of tea. "He'd probably come- I- I mean, he would follow me if I asked him. I think in his heart Frodo is still in love with the Shire. Stupid friggin' tree hugger he is. I wouldn't be surprised if he ran off and joined Green Peace." Bilbo got up and walked to the window. His face became sad. "I'm old Gandalf. I know I look a million dollars. But it's not the botox, it's something else. I'm beginning to feel it in my heart. I feel thin… sort of stretched, like butter scraped over too much bread. I need a holiday, a very long holiday, and I don't expect I shall return. In fact, I mean not to!" The wizard frowned. "Well, nice to see you again too!" XX X Later that night, once Bilbo's pounding headache had subsided a bit, they both stumbled outside and sat on the porch, taking in a bit of the night air. Gandalf looked about shiftily. "Umm, Bilbo?" "Yeah?" "Is it okay for us to…" He lowered his voice. "Smoke?" Bilbo frowned. "Don't be absurd! Of course it's okay for us to smoke!" He slipped his pipe out of his jacket pocket and began to light up. "Why do you ask?" Gandalf shrugged. "Peter Jackson gave me these…" He fished out a bag of toffees. "And apparently I'm meant to chew them instead of smoking my pipe." "But why?" The wizard looked forlorn. "Apparently the censors don't look too kindly on so many characters in this trilogy smoking, let alone the good guys." "So if Sauron smoked it would be ok?" The wizard shrugged. "Probably." Bilbo scowled. "Bloody double standards." Gandalf reached into his pocket and fished out a pipe and some tobacco weed. "Hmm, well the props department has given me this, so I suppose New Line backed down." He lit up, and smoked in silent thought for a moment. "I suppose if we don't make smoking seem really cool and trendy then it'll be okay." A pause. "Wanna blow smoke rings?" "You're on!"