which is to come. My friend, you entice and betray Frodo as surely as the Ring will." Gandalf closed his eyes, his voice no more than a whisper. "Yes." The admission seemed to still the music of song and water, and Gandalf found himself leaning hard against his staff. At his side, he felt Elrond shift uneasily. "Little wonder, then, that you are burdened." "I act on behalf of all Free Peoples," Gandalf murmured. "But to sacrifice one so unknowing… I fear it is the doom of small hands to bear the weight of the world. But they cannot know how much they bear lest they falter with the knowledge." "You are resolute in this?" Elrond asked. "For in bearing the weight of the world, these small hands will be crushed by it. When all is decided, can you send Frodo forth knowing that? And can you send him forth while withholding that knowledge?" "I must," Gandalf said, his words bitter in his mouth. "I must, for there is no other choice. None that I can discern, at least, and all the more do I curse Saruman for his part in this. Had we not heeded his counsel when Sauron was yet in Mirkwood—" Gandalf stopped himself and shook his head. "That opportunity is past. We must not dwell on it. Rather, we must move forward and seize the opportunity now before us. We must destroy the Ring. And Frodo must be the one to do it." Elrond's expression was grim as he raised his face toward the sun. "We shall see," he said. "For my part, I am yet undecided. But I am Frodo's healer and his welfare is foremost on my mind. I must remove myself from that role if I am to judge your words fairly, and if I am to join you in this betrayal." The Half-Elf glanced back into the shadowed halls of his home. "We shall take counsel tomorrow morning," he said at length. "There are many here who have come bearing tidings that all should hear, and they will be tasked to speak on behalf of their peoples in the matter of the Ring. Mayhap through discussion, we will find our course. But until then, let not these unhappy thoughts darken Imladris. Frodo's healing must come first if we wish for his participation tomorrow, and to ensure that healing, he must be given full access to all that my home can offer him." "That much I can do for Frodo," Gandalf promised. "And to that end, I will go now to sit with him until he wakes. You should seek rest yourself, for we will have need of your wits if you intend to conduct a council tomorrow." And when Elrond made as though to object, Gandalf held up his hand and adopted his most imposing expression. "You look as though you have just endured a lengthy debate against both Celeborn and Thranduil. Rest! I will see to Frodo. No ill thoughts will trouble his mind, and I will send word should he have need of you." Elrond's tight jaw still indicated reluctance, but within his eyes, Gandalf saw acceptance. "Frodo is not to speak of or consider aught that might endanger his healing," Elrond warned sternly. "He will not." There was a slow nod. "Then I will rest, for I am indeed weary." He began to turn away, but then he stopped and looked back. "While you are there, see if you can convince Master Samwise to take his rest elsewhere. I fear for the wellbeing of his neck should he remain in his current position." Thinking back on his last sight of Sam, Gandalf felt a sympathetic crick in his own neck. "I will do my best," he said, "but I can offer you no promises." A smile tugged at Elrond's mouth. "Well do I know it. Perhaps you are right after all, Mithrandir. If one small gardener can defy me so readily in the halls of my own home, what might Frodo be able to do in the lands of Mordor?" "Valar willing, we will be given the opportunity to learn." The smile vanished. "As I said before, we shall see." And with that, Elrond walked away, his shoulders stooped and his steps slow. Feeling the weight of his own cares, Gandalf stood in the sunlight a moment more before also leaving the balcony, his feet retracing the path to Frodo's room. As before, the door opened silently, and Gandalf once again found himself smiling at the scene that awaited him. Both hobbits were snoring gently, blissfully unaware of their observer. Looking at the angle of Sam's head, Gandalf grimaced and moved to wake him, but then he stopped and pulled back. Frodo had freed one of his hands from the coverlet, and it now rested near Sam's. Small and sure were these hobbit hands. Small and sure and already strained from the perils they had faced. Doubt bloomed in Gandalf's heart. Was this to be the way of things? Could he truly betray Frodo for the sake of Middle-earth and send him forth with only a partial warning of what such a quest would cost him? Yet even as he doubted, he knew the answer. And Frodo also knew the answer, though he might not understand the whole of it yet. But he knew enough to understand some of the task that would be asked of him. And still he would say yes. He would be their Ring-bearer. So laden with both admiration and sorrow, Gandalf withdrew from the bedside and decided to let Sam sleep a little longer. For now, the two hobbits dreamed together of happier times, and at the expense of Sam's neck, Gandalf would let them hold onto this fleeting moment of peace. For in dreams lay hope, and it was in hope that these hobbits would find their strength. Thus the morning drew on as a weary wizard waited and two small hobbits slept.