like a lump of clay. His hands continued to shake as he numbly stared at where his brother had been propped up. His eyes unfocused and refocused, and when he finally came to his senses, he was staring directly at the orc that had slayed his kin. His hands stopped shaking. The orc had a dagger lodged in his skull before he could blink, black blood flecked across the clothes of his murderer. A cold, calculating terror had taken over Legolas' posture, and so much adrenaline was pumping through his veins that he cleaved through the orcs with renewed vigor. Anger and sadness and grief and pain were ripping through him so terribly that he had reverted to death on autopilot. He hardly noticed when his foes began to fall to arrows. When he was left standing alone, drenched in the lifeblood of his enemies, he still took no stock of the comforting hand placed on his shoulder. " Mellon-nin , are you unhurt?" The wreckage was absolute. A party of Silvan elves had come to investigate the duress signal all too late—the few men had been slaughtered, and now the crown prince of Mirkwood was lying among the dead. "I am fine." He lied, shaking off the hand to go find his brother's corpse. He fingered the hilt on his sheathed stiletto, clenching the grip torpidly. It was the same weapon from that very day. Legolas relived that battle too often, lately. Every night. Despite the passage of a year, the sharpness had not faded, and the emptiness had only intensified. It was a grief that every member of the royal family shouldered, but it was his burden most of all. It was his fault. It must be the reason for his father's coldness. He knew, somehow, even if the Elvenking never said it aloud. Where they had once been so close, he was now almost entirely ignored. The rift growing between them felt like ice in his chest. Sighing deeply as he found his way to his mother's chambers, the prince released his unforgiving hold on the dagger and gently rapped on the door. "Enter." The voice of Lethonnel was melodic even when distant. He swung the door in on its hinge and was welcomed into the arboreal alcove that his nana resided in. The walls were like folds of cloth immortalized in wood, neat, perfect columns entirely unlike the current occupant's condition. " Ion-nin ," she called calmly, glazed hazel eyes seemingly unreachable. " Naneth , how do you fare today?" He clasped her hand, as she lay supine in bed yet again. "Fine, fine, my dear. How did it go with your father?" She was lying, he could tell. Her hand was cold to the touch, and her spirit felt weaker than the day before. The grieving was harder on her. She had cared for Elidyr for over a thousand years, whereas Legolas had only known him for the six-hundred years he had lived. It was always harder to part with one that was raised from an elfling. "He is the same." Legolas admitted a bit guiltily, dropping his eyes to the floor. "Is that so?" She had spaced out again, and he felt there was nothing he could do. She was close to fading, he knew, the awful grief was eating away at her life energy as he sat there. It always grew worse when he was there; even the healers had admitted so. He swallowed his unspoken words and prepared to leave, the visit having already been too taxing for her. He made sure her form was well covered with blankets, smoothing her long brown locks out over the pillow. Then he left. His resemblance to Elidyr was a token to all, it seemed, of the tragic death. He would do some good to disobey his father just this once and take an evening patrol. Even though his naneth and adar dealt with their loss in different ways, the pain of seeing the deceased each day probably felt like salt in the wound. They would all be better off if he went unseen for a short while. After all, there would be a celebratory feast tonight. It was Mereth-nuin-Giliath, and the autumn dinner should not be dampened by mortal reminders. Hearts should be light on such a day , he tried to convince himself as he approached the main gate. He passed elves arming for the pass off between circuits, those who appeared saddened by the prospect of missing the banquet. While his own heart felt both leaden and empty, Legolas' conscious lifted a little with his decision. The forest would do him well, for he had neglected the trees as of late, and the space would be welcome within the Elvenking's halls. He adjusted the strap on his belt, aligning his sheathed daggers properly. The prince allowed a short smile to warm his face, calling out to Anildor, the patrol's commander. "I hope to join you all today." The Wood elf's eyes brightened, but proceeded to flash mischievously. "I do not think you are supposed to, mellon-nin. " The mock-scold was light, and the response, a mere shrug, taken wrongly for rebellious nonchalance. "Are you coming back to your old self?" The jovial chuckle was enough to be permission in Legolas' eyes, and indeed it was. "We follow you, my lord." Anildor gestured forward, in higher spirits with the added company. They exited the underground, a party of fifteen, into the forest of Mirkwood. *Adar/Ada*—"father" (Sindarin) *Hannon le*—"Thank you" (Sindarin) *Muindor*—"brother (blood)" (Sindarin) *Mellon-nin*—"My friend" (Sindarin) *Naneth/Nana*—"mother" (Sindarin) *Ion-nin*—"son" (Sindarin) (A/N) So that's chapter one! I have the entire plot outlined, and I'm aiming for four chapters, but it might flow over into five. As my first attempt working with LotR, I'd very much appreciate feedback, so pretty please review! Any kind of critique, or compliment drives me to write faster, so tell me what you think! Thanks for reading, I'll update soon!