were, but Storyteller merely shrugged un-knowingly. "I don't think they know about second breakfast, Pip." Merry said. "What about Elvenses, Luncheon, Afternoon Tea, dinner, supper...they know about them, don't they?" Pippin asked in a panicked voice. "I wouldn't count on it." Merry said as an apple was thrown to him which he deftly caught. Another, aimed at Pippin, catches him on the forehead, he picked it up looking in confusion at the sky while rubbing his head. The party slowly made their way through increasingly rough country as the day wore on. It became darker as the forest gave way to flat marshland, all go up to their knees in the sludgy mire. The conditions were made worse by an army of midges which attacked them all unmercifully. Merry slapped despairingly at the cloud of pests hovering around him as did the rest of the hobbits, they were all miserable. "What do they eat - when they can't get Hobbit?" Merry asked sarcastically. "Here, take some of this, it will keep them away." Storyteller said taking out a jar and rubbing a bit of the contents on each of the hobbits who were ecstatic that it worked and the bugs were leaving them alone. "What is this stuff?" Pippin asked. "A mixture of Marigolds and Basil." Storyteller answered as she gave some to Strider as well. "The plants give off strong fumes that the midges hate." Behind them, Pippin stumbled and fell into the mire, measuring his length. He popped right back up spluttering and trying to scrape the muck off of his face. "And it's water proof." Eventually they made camp for the night on the boggy ground, they only relatively dry spot they were able to come across. Strider managed to hunt and kill a deer which he brought back for their supper. Storyteller along with Sam's help cooked it over a fire and it was consumed relatively quickly. That night Storyteller did what she loved best and spun for them a story called Fearnot. They were riveted as she told her tale of the adventures of a boy who went out into the world to learn what fear was, accompanied by a dishonest but loveable tinker. He faced many dangers without learning to be afraid, only to learn that fear is at home: the fear of losing his sweetheart. Soon after her story was completed the hobbits fell into a deep exhausted sleep, the moon rising high over them giving them comfort, leaving Strider and Storyteller awake, keeping watch by the fire. Strider hummed a tune softly to himself while Storyteller softly hummed along, not one for singing herself that talent lay with her brother more than her. Frodo woke, hearing Strider as he started to sing the words softly and sat up staring at the ranger who sat upon a rock singing softly as Storyteller sat on her bed roll her back leaning against the side of his legs. Tinúviel elvanui, Elleth alfirin ethelhael O hon ring finnil fuinui A renc gelebrin thiliol. Tinúviel the elven-fair, Immortal maiden elven-wise, About him cast her night-dark hair, And arms like silver glimmering. "Who is she? This woman you sing of?" Frodo asked, interrupting the song. "Tis the Lay of Lúthien. The Elf-maiden who gave her love to Beren, a mortal." Strider said sadly. "What happened to her?" Frodo asked as Storyteller reached up taking Striders hand in hers. "She died." Strider said with a deep sigh looking away from Frodo. His face bore a hint of tears as he gripped Storytellers hand. "Get some sleep, Frodo." Storyteller said softly and the young hobbit nodded lowering himself back to the ground. -0- The next day Strider, Storyteller, and the Hobbits had moved on from the marshland and were now crossing rough rocky country as they gained in altitude drawing closer to the mountains where the elven city lay before the jagged steeps. Strider stopped them and looked at the ruins atop a tall hill the others following his line of sight taking in the sight. "This was the great watchtower of Amon Sûl." Strider told them all. "We shall rest here tonight." It was almost dark by the time they reached the top; Frodo, Merry, Sam, and Pippin collapsed into a small hollow, halfway up Weathertop; muddy and exhausted. Strider walked up to them and dropped a bundle at the Hobbits feet. Storyteller kneeled down opening the bundle revealing four short swords just right for the hobbits. "These are for you. Keep them close." Strider told then as they each took up a sword looking them over, Frodo drawing his from its scabbier as did Merry. Pippin and Sam looked unsure of the blade given to them. "Storyteller and I are going to have a look around. Stay here." With that the two rangers turned hurrying back down the way they had come. "I will go to the left." Storyteller said, her eyes darting around them ever watchful. "Alright, be safe and meet me back here before the moon reaches the center of the sky." Strider said sternly, gripping her shoulder. "I will." Storyteller said with a quick smile and the two rangers split up to cover more ground at the base. Storyteller kept her eyes ever moving, never lingering in one spot as she walked along the base of the tower. After a while she glanced up at the moon seeing that it was close to the center and was about to start back when she saw the flickering of a fire going out then a scream split the air. Cursing to herself she lowered herself blending into the deeper shadows as she moved forward. Another shadow darker than the night drifted not too far away from her position forcing her to stop. As soon as it was clear she ran swiftly and quietly until she met up with her brother. "The hobbits." Was all he said before they darted up the tower as fast as they could.