still remained. It was a fleeting thought, for the Ranger was frozen and Boromir could see the glint of arrows in the distance. "Aragorn!" he shouted, his voice echoing in the Mines and he was running out of Moria, towards the sun. He could hear Aragorn's footsteps behind him, and he knew by the stumbling sound that the Ranger was little different from the small hobbit he held in his arms. He too was immobilised by grief, and Boromir wondered, sudden and sharp, who would lead them now. Not he, he knew. Though his pride said that he could, the Ring's urging told him that he could not. Where could he lead them? Like Frodo, he did not know the way. The sound of Aragorn's sword being cleaned was loud and jarring amongst the sobs and quiet gasps. Boromir knew not what to do, for though he mourned he had known Gandalf far too little and bore him only casual affection. There was a part of his heart that twisted in his chest for the Wizard who had always been part of his childhood, another one lost to the darkness of Mordor, but it was the hobbits' grief and the sight of Gimli falling to his knees that made the breath choke in his throat and his mind to empty. The Ring told him that he could find a way out of here; that he could bring Gandalf back, if he had the courage. But Frodo had wandered away, out of his grasp, and Aragorn was a mere few feet away. Boromir could not see him behind eyelids that he had not noticed he had closed, but he could feel his presence, and he took quiet comfort from it. "Legolas," Aragorn's voice broke through the wordless unsilence, and Boromir's head snapped around. "Give them a moment, for pity's sake," he snapped, his helplessness turned into anger. "By nightfall these hills will be swarming with orcs! We must reach the woods of Lothlorien." But Boromir paid little attention to his words. His eyes were fixed upon Aragorn, on those hands that were steady and though Aragorn's eyes were bright still there was a strong purpose in them. His grief was well-hidden, and there was naught of the Man that lingered in the Mines, his body ready to leap after his lost friend even as his mind pulled it back. Boromir stared , for like the sun breaking beyond the clouds, he saw. "Come, Boromir, Legolas. Gimli! Get them up!" His hands and feet worked without his permission, and Boromir moved like one of the clockwork machines he had seen in his youth, before the threat of Mordor and his life as a soldier had strangled all such pursuits. Mind turning, his eyes seemed born anew when he looked upon Aragorn, and even as he started running once more, feeling the cold bite into his skin, he could not tear his gaze away. Throughout his Quest he had seen Aragorn's strength. In the Mines it was Aragorn who had saved his life when the goblin had sought to take it. But Boromir had been running all this while, running not just with his feet but with his thoughts as well, and the longer he kept Aragorn within his sight the longer he realised that the Ring did not speak to him while he looked upon him. Back then, while they were still headed for the Gap of Rohan, Aragorn had told them small stories of his youth in Imladris, where he was named Estel. Faramir was a scholar born, and he knew Sindarin far better than his older brother, but Boromir still knew the meaning of the word. Hope . Boromir had not known such a thing for a long time. For too long hope had been stifled by the dark skies that constantly covered the East, and the Lidless Eye that watched Mordor; it had been stifled by the sights of the Men he had grown up with and had commanded both dying in his arms, their blood soaking into rivers and soils, their throats opened and blood in their mouths. His father had wished for him to go to Rivendell in search for hope, for the dreams that plagued Boromir and Faramir both, for they were desperate enough that any aid, even a broken sword, would be welcome. "'Tis only a short way more," Aragorn said, and Boromir looked around him and saw that there were trees a distance away. Tall trees, taller than any he had ever seen, and these lands were alien to him—but he minded it not, for Aragorn stood before him. "Aye," he said. He had to swallow back the words: Aye, my Captain . For Aragorn was his Captain. Gandalf was gone and Aragorn led them now, and Boromir found his feet and his mind in complete accord. The whispers had almost faded now; there was new breath in his lungs and though his body was exhausted, his eyes were still clear. His mission was clear. He had no Ring to bring him to his Father, Boromir knew. Yet his father might not have sent the wrong brother after all. It was a King that Boromir would return with, a King who would lead their people to victory. A King who would bring hope so greatly needed in their city, and like the sun breaking out from beneath thunderclouds, he would chase away the shadows that laid its claws over Minas Tirith as easily as he had chased them from Boromir's heart. In Lothlorien, he would go to Aragorn, he thought. He would tell him of the whispers he heard; he would tell him of the beauty of Minas Tirith and the duties that haunted his every step. Aragorn had little wish to be King, but how would he not wish to serve Gondor? How could he not? Boromir walked with renewed strength, his eyes fixed upon Aragorn. He had purpose; he had hope. End