a result, the first few months of my rule were a nightmare, and then I returned into the White City to bring back the body of my uncle. I spent most of that first night sitting next to him. Call me weak if you will, but I could not do it without the help of some liquor. So, by the time you happened in my chamber, I was still drunk – and still very bitter about a lot of things." For the longest time, Lothíriel did not know what to say. She was too stunned, too embarrassed to think anything except for how wrongly she had judged this man. How eager she had been to blame him! Perhaps he had been rude with her, but she had erred just as well. Yes, she was guilty too: she should know better than to assess people by face value. But then, as she was still wallowing in guilt and self-accusations, King Éomer suddenly stopped beside her. She did too, mostly because of his example. Realising how close he stood she felt breathless... she could even see his face now, the soft glimmer of his dark eyes. Lothíriel felt amazed, for now she met a warm, friendly gaze. In the light of his eyes she became even more aware of how wrong she had been about him. "I would like to apologise for my behaviour, my lady. I was rude and ill-tempered, and you deserve better, both as a lady and as a daughter of my friend. If it would please you, I would like to ask for another chance, Princess Lothíriel", he said, and once more his voice was that soft, sonorous kind that had been haunting her heart and mind ever since the last time she had seen him. "I'm sorry too, my lord", she hurried to say, lest her ability to speak disappeared altogether. "I was wrong to judge you so harshly when I did not even know you... and I'm truly sorry for wandering into your rooms in such a way. It was stupid and I shouldn't have done that – I was just..." she spoke speedily and the words collided in her fast delivery. King Éomer lifted his eyebrows, which was not a mocking expression in the slightest this time, and she took a deep breath before continuing her account. How could he explain himself so clearly and coherently, when she was nearly reduced to blathering dullard once more? "You see, there has been this young lord wooing me, and he is very insistent, though I have told him no repeatedly. On that morning I was in the Citadel and he was there too...so, I did not really wander into your room. I was just running short of ways of rejecting him, and in my desperation I sought shelter in the chambers assigned to you. It was not my intention to spy on you or anything of the sort, my lord", she explained, managing to speak in a more lucid fashion at last. A slow smile spread on the face of the King Éomer. How nice, how gentle he looked now! This change from a cold, unfriendly scoundrel with ill manners to a warm and cordial man was so extreme, it was hard to comprehend. This observation might have only deepened her embarrassment for her earlier scornful judgement of him, but his following words prevented her thoughts from turning towards that direction. "My lady, I understand better than you might have guessed", he said, his voice heart-felt. Of course he would, she realised and felt sheepish. To have one stubborn suitor? That was one thing. But to have an entire line of bride candidates, all of whom were mostly interested in what you could give and paying very little attention to the question on what they had to offer... that was another matter entirely. In all fairness, she had very little to complain about. And she – well, perhaps she had been the very image of a cunning, greedy vulture hunting for a crown, what with the way she had sneaked into his very bedchamber. Once again her cheeks heated up and she looked down, her eyes wandering around his boot-clad feet in the grass, but then a gentle pair of fingers touched her chin as though in an invitation to look up. If any other man had dared to touch her so, Lothíriel might have bitten his fingers, just to make clear her point. However, after one has seen a man in his birth attire, certain boundaries simply cease to exist. And there was something about this horselord that made such a gesture the most natural thing in the world. "Princess Lothíriel, if you ever again need shelter from your unwanted suitor, and if I happen to be nearby, I would be honoured to provide assistance. You are welcome to take shelter in my chambers, or whatever you need at the time. That is the least I can do after treating you so monstrously", he said, his voice firm and resolute, as though he was promising her something far more serious. And perhaps he was. Lothíriel quickly understood: in his words, there was an offer of friendship, just as there was in the palm of his hand, which he was offering to her. At last she had to smile, too. No more explanations needed to be made, and no more hard feelings remained between them. Knowing this made her feel like she had laid down a burden she had not known to have carried, and relief washed over her in powerful waves – so powerful that instead of accepting his hand she nearly threw her arms around him in a fierce, joyful, thankful hug. No wonder Father likes him so... no wonder they call him a hero and a great man. I was wrong, so wrong, and I'm glad that I was. And, with a smile on her face, she placed her hand in his. The End.