next opened his eyes, it was to see the unfamiliar figure grabbing hold of him. Frodo clung on tight until he was deposited on the ground, hacking and coughing up river water with his father's hand rubbing his back. The tears started coming and eventually he was persuaded to explain what in the Shire he had been doing. When Drogo had sighed at his tale and rocked his precious son some more, he explained that he had seen Frodo go off and had followed him, running into the riverside home that Frodo had gotten the barrel from and calling for help when he saw his son go under. The fisher-hobbit that lived there had rescued Frodo and both Bagginses were quite grateful to him. Drogo was not a Bucklander by birth, and having been raised in the non-swimming society of Hobbiton, regrettably never learned to swim. But he decided then and there that Frodo needed to learn. Learning what had happened to her darling boy brought Primula out of her melancholy shell and convinced her to give her son some proper swimming lessons. She, of course, had been raised on these waters, and there was no one better qualified. It was a memorable summer, full of lazy days by the water, and hard days of work and swimming lessons. Frodo took after his mother once he learned the basics and was soon quite at home in the Brandywine River. His father looked on proudly from the bank, and would wade out as far as he could to congratulate him. Those summer nights were nights of stargazing together and catching glow worms and also of whittling lessons and practice. Drogo had made Frodo a small wooden pony to pull around on a string when he was younger, and Frodo, fascinated with it, wanted to make something like it himself. The years passed at a comfortable pace, and the family was content with their way of life and each other. They had a bright future and a home full of light and love. It came as a horrible shock when all that ended. Anthurium was five months pregnant with her and Mac's first child. Frodo was twelve and had many friends among the other farm boys in Crickhollow and at Brandy Hall. He was very excited to be having a new relation born who could, in time, perhaps become his best friend. He had convinced his parents to allow a weekend long trip to the ancestral hole in order to get in touch with the maternal family again and enjoy a pleasant visit. The first two days passed splendidly, with Frodo getting up to all kinds of mischief and having loads of fun with the other lads milling about the Hall. The third and last night was a clear, sweet, romantic one with the moon providing a shimmer of light and the surrounding darkness comforting. An old longing was struck up in Primula, and, with little resistance, she was able to coax Drogo into going off on a romantic boating adventure, just for the evening. They tucked Frodo into his bed in their guest room, each one kissing a cheek and giving a warm goodnight hug before they set off. For years afterward it was debated what really happened, and no one but the two of them ever knew. Drogo had rowed out to a tranquil spot before pulling in his oars and revealing a flower to hand to his wife. She blushed like a tweenaged lass and took it, stroking the petals thoughtfully. The two of them talked for hours in that boat, about the past, present, and future, but in large part, about Frodo. The wind picked up, and neither of them had noticed for awhile that they had drifted downstream. Drogo suddenly paused in the conversation and looked around. The surroundings were different than where they had started and a persistent breeze played with his wife's dark locks. Primula's bright eyes suddenly widened with fear. "Drogo- look out!" He whipped around just in time to see a boulder in the river crash into his end of the boat. Water immediately began to fill it and he rose quickly in alarm. Slipping, he fell over the edge with a shout and splashed into the now fast-moving water. "Drogo? Drogo!" Primula leapt in after him, trying to pull his sinking body up, but her skirts weighed her down. She couldn't hold the combined weight but would not drop her husband, who had stopped struggling against the water and fallen unconscious. She raised her tear-filled eyes to the surface, where the moon shone down, still as clear and sweet as before. Primula raised her delicate hand towards the surface but didn't find purchase on anything. She gave one last pull to her husband's limp body before lowering her head in resignation. Succumbing to her starving lungs, she closed her eyes and fell to the bottom, joining her husband in the depths of the river. Their last thoughts were with Frodo. A/N: I hope this was an enjoyable start. If you are wondering about the Shire months, look at a Shire calendar that has the real-world equivalents. Also, if you are confused about how everyone is related, it would probably do you some good to find a Brandybuck family tree to reference. The one in the back of my Lord of the Rings one-volume giant has done me a world of good. And finally, what I have done is that I have taken characters I don't know much of anything about just by looking at that family tree and, by making inferences that may or may not mean anything, I have given them something of a personality. Of course, everybody has shades of grey, so nothing is assumed. NEXT CHAPTER: A tragedy occurs that later defines Frodo's life and the initial aftermath is damaging. Please review, constructive criticism and other comments are most certainly welcome, and have a great day! Thank you -TFF