trying to reason that since he had made the mess he ought to clean it up. Sam carried the cake carefully while Legolas walked beside him humming yet another tune of some ancient song of the elves that Sam had never heard, but it made him think of forests and waterfalls in the dawn of spring in the early morning's bright sun. Gimli trumped quickly up the stone streets unable to think at all with all this hustling and bustling as the stalls closed up and people began to head home. Traffic had become so busy at the front gates of the city while he was busy planning the new designs and plans for the gates what with all the wains and people, he simply could not concentrate. So he headed up the levels of the city to find his blonde-haired cohort. He had to travel up to the sixth level of the city before he spotted him. The crowds of people were lessened considerably on this level and he promptly quickened his pace to catch the immortal by the arm, "Blast it all, I simply cannot think with all these confounded, bumbling humans in my way! Come and tell me more about the trees you plan to plant in this city and where." He had started pulling the elf away as soon as he had grabbed him. Legolas could not refuse and managed to tell Sam to be persistent if he ran into any problems and not to take no for an answer before we was lost from sight. Once again, Samwise Gamgee stood before the doors of the citadel. He carefully balanced the cake as struggled to open the heavy doors with one small hand. He poked his head inside for any sign of the sour faced human before he pushed the door open enough to enter with the cake, never taking a notice to the group of men that stood beyond the white tree near the place where he had sat earlier. As he neared the end of the hall a guard, a different one from the one this morning greeted him merrily, "Ho there, pherrianath! Where are you off to and with such a fine morsel of cake?" "I am to see and the king and nobody is going to stop me even if the clap me in irons for a month!" he replied a deal more crossly than he meant but he could not stand the thought of being rejected when he was so close yet again. "Peace, peace, little one, I meant no offence," the guard apologized. "The king and his men have gone. They left a while ago out the main doors. I do not know where they went afterwards," spoke the other guard trying to be helpful without much to offer the hobbit. Sam thanked them and apologized for being so rash before turning around downhearted once more. By the time he got outside he had planned to look for Strider if it took all night. He looked around the yard for someone to ask when he spied the group of men beyond the white tree. Strider was the tallest one in the group and Sam could just see the top of his head and crown at the farthest of the group from the steps he stood on. He walked as fast as he could and as he neared he lost sight of him. He was almost at the edge of the group when a tall thin body blocked his path, "Excuse me," pleaded Sam before he looked up and saw who the man was. "You again!" the man looked down aghast, "Shoo! Away with you! I told you before that-" "No!" he replied firmly, "I am going to see Strider if it is the last thing I do." "Go now before I call the guards to haul you away," the man threatened. "NO!" Sam shouted as loud as he could. His face was red and he felt very angry and very un-hobbit like but this man had riled him and rubbed him the wrong way. The rest of the group had stopped their conversation at Sam's outburst and were now looking in his direction. "Now you see here! I am going to see my friend Strider no matter what you do!" Aragorn was already making his way through as Sam made his stand till he came next to the sour faced man. "What is going on over here? Sam, what-" "Your Majesty, if you please, go about your business. I can handle this a-" the man said quietly. "Silence, Lygtûg," Aragorn said so firmly and calmly that Lygtûg uttered not another word. Aragorn smiled down at Sam, "What is it, Sam?" "I-um," he stammered not knowing what to say at first now that he had calmed down a bit and had Strider right in front of him. Aragorn knelt gently in front of him, waiting patiently as Sam made his case. When he spoke of wanting to do a little something for Strider to make it up to him he held the cake a little higher with both hands. "Even though I know it is late and after the day, I made you this for your birthday." Aragorn took the cake from the hobbits hands. "Thank you very much," he said looking with a smile still at the cake. "I'll be needing to give that platter back to its owner as soon as I can," Sam said hastily. "Well, it is an awfully big cake for me to eat by myself. Why don't you find the other hobbits and we can share it together?" Sam's face lit up brightly and he darted off to find them. Aragorn didn't have the heart to tell him that he didn't like carrot cake. The End Lygtûg: fat snake. The snake in the title is of course a play on his name. I thought it amusing that he was skinny and not fat at all.