and cautiously at Bilbo and starts buttoning back his shirt. Bilbo cries out in pain and falls back in a chair. Frodo becomes startled while he sees Bilbo breathing in and out in quick gasps.) Bilbo: I'm sorry my boy. I'm so sorry, that you have to carry this burden. Frodo: Why? Bilbo: Because it will give you a heart attack like it did with Gandalf. Frodo: How did you know about it? Bilbo: Because Gandalf told me. (*looks at Frodo*) All those drawn to the cell phone, or are it's masters, will experience situations like what I am in right now. (*breathes in heavily*) May the Valar give grace to you on your journey Frodo. (The next day…) (The Fellowship of the Ring set out from Rivendell. Crossing the borders of Ruhdar, and finally reaching Eriador. Gandalf leads with Legolas behind. While Gimli follows along with Frodo, Merry, Pippin, and Sam with Bill the Pony. Boromir and finally Aragorn make up the rear.) Gandalf to himself: We must journey our way to the foot of the Misty Mountains. Taking either the passage South, or the pass of Black Diamond Gear (also known as Carhadras.) We will make camp here, and decide which road to take from there. (All the members of the Fellowship are making an encampment. Sam is cooking, Legolas is on watch, Gimli converses with Gandalf, and Pippin and Merry are sparing with Boromir. Two lightsabers against a lightsaber-proof sword; while Frodo and Aragorn look on.) Boromir doing sword moves: 1, 2, 3. Very good. Aragorn to Pippin: Move your feet. Boromir doing sword moves with Pippin: 1, 2, 3. Very good. Merry: That's good Pippin. Pippin: Thanks. (Boromir starts sparing with Merry who eats and fights at the same time. Sam shakes his head in the lack of confidence that his cousins will be any good at fighting.) Gimli to Gandalf: If anybody was asking my opinion, which I notice they're not, I would say that we were taking the long way round. Gandalf, we could pass through the mines of Moria. My cousin Peter Dinklage, would give us a royal welcome. Gandalf: I would not go through those passages unless I had no other choice. (Legolas hops up some boulders and stares suspiciously at a white mass coming up from the south. Gandalf looks on too. But at that moment, Pippin yelps in pain when he is hit with Boromir's sword.) Boromir: Oh. Sorry. (Pippin kicks Boromir in the leg. He falls down while Merry and Pippin wrestle with him.) Pippin: Merry! You hold him down while I get at him! Merry: For the Shire! Sam looking at the white mass: What's that? Gimli: Nothing. It's just a wisp of cloud. Boromir getting up: It's moving fast. Against the wind. Pippin: What does it matter if it's against the wind or with the wind? It's on the ground. (Legolas then recognizes what the white mass is made up of.) Legolas: Irobots from Dunland! Aragorn panics: HIDE! (Everybody starts panicking at once. Merry and Pippin make their way up to the bushes. Boromir climbs up and starts gathering his stuff while Aragorn works on gathering up their beds. They both turn towards each other at the same time and knock heads with each other and groan with pain. Legolas jumps down from his perch and starts making his way towards the hobbits. Sam gathers up his kitchen ware and puts out the fire. Merry and Pippin are running for the bushes when they slip on a small pile of banana peels and land hard on their backs. Frodo dives under a small enclave while Sam tries to squeeze in. Aragorn and Boromir get up with belongings and packs in each of their arms. They turn and run into each other, and Aragorn gets knocked down and his stuff scattered everywhere.) Aragorn: Would you stop being so clumsy you big oaf! Boromir: I'm sorry. But you were going the wrong way. The bushes are over there. Legolas: Aragorn, Boromir! Stop clowning around and find a hiding place! (Aragorn finishes gathering up his stuff and hides along with Boromir under the bushes. Gimli jumps down, grabs his axe and joins Gandalf who is standing on a boulder in sight of the approaching iRobots. Gimli growls with the anticipation and lust for battle.) Gimli: Ahh. Let them come! There's still one hero here who is not Will Smith! (Gandalf looks on at the coming mass of the battalion of iRobots. Gandalf raises his staff in the air and a white cloud starts gathering around him.) Gandalf: Let brimstone from above be thy pyre. And your produced parts be consumed by fire. Go forth. AND SERVE ME WELL! (The white cloud turns out to be a very dense and thick fog that gathers and surrounds Gandalf and Gimli; but no brimstone or terrible energy issue forth from Gandalf's staff or the skies. Gimli lifts an eyebrow.) Gimli sarcastically: Very well done Maleficent. (Gandalf's face turns a shade of red.) Gandalf angrily: Let this fog go away. And let my power be thy flame! NOW GO FORTH AND SERVE ME WELL! (The fog clears and they see the I-robots closer now. But this time something does happen. Rocket boots appear on their feet and they fly now; solely on the energy coming from Gandalf. Gandalf goes cross-eyed.) Gimli: Worse and worse. What's your brilliant plan now, genius? (Gimli then sees Gandalf's face goes from red, to purple, to black because of his increasing anger. Gandalf points his staff at the I-robots.) Gandalf Elacazam! (A huge inferno appears out of nowhere in the approaching group of I-robots and melts them immediately. In a few minutes, there's nothing left of these intruders but a large pool of molten mettle which is now causing a wild fire. Gimli shakes his head and sheathes his axe. Gandalf though sighs contentedly and climbs down from the boulder.) Gandalf: There. All it needed was one big, jerk.