growing in her chest. " Hold on. Hold on to my voice. " The blonde haired elf was falling in and out of unconsciousness so often that he was forgetting which was which. He could faintly remember the she-elf who he head seen as he lay on the bank, half his body in the shallow edge of the water. He remembered telling her to run and he had remembered her being stubborn. It almost made him want to smile but the pain was so bad that he found himself wanting to just black out instead. He could also remember hearing a soothing, female voice speaking Elvish words to him as the wind blew gently through his hair though it scraped harshly against his wounds. He could hear her now. " Hold on. Hold on to my voice. " The she-elf was afraid that he was fading. She feared that he was on his way to the afterlife. But she did not want to give up so easily on him. She had remembered once reading in an old book about an old Maiar way to reach those who were on their way to death's door. She held his face dearly and leaned in even closer, so close that had she moved even an eyelash, she could have kissed his lips. " I do not know your name but I do know this: I sense that you are brave and I sense that you are noble. I pray that you hear me and return. Return. I pray that you return. " She repeated the words, pouring all of herself into them. She felt lightheaded and knew that something was happening. She knew that something she was doing was helping and so she continued to whisper to him, her voice growing quieter and quieter until even an elf would not be able to distinguish her words. It was then that all in one instant, she could almost feel his spirit return. Her eyes flickered open and she was surprised to see that his eyes were half open. She breathed a silent sigh of relief. " Your…name…lady? " His voice was still weak but she knew he would recover. With a small smile she let go of his face but did not pull away just yet. Though his half lidded eyes were hard to see she could feel them focused on her. " Valaina Amandil. Now rest and I will take care of you. " He seemed satisfied and his eyes closed completely. The very last thing he saw though his vision was blurry, was the she-elf picking up the rag and bowl again to continue her ministrations while his tired body and mind slept in the knowledge that he was being well taken care of. Valaina continued to tenderly bathe his shoulder wound in the athelas paste she had concocted. She was relieved that he was sleeping for the stitching would be unpleasant. It was best for him to rest and regain his strength. She was glad that he would live. The feeling in her chest had gone away. When the paste had been spread and was beginning to dry she switched gears and took a better look at his head. She took the leftover paste and poured it into the middle of a new rag. Carefully she pressed it to the gash marring the side of his head. She held the rag in place to stop the bleeding and to keep the area from infecting. While she did she studied the elf's face. His face was a clean slate. His features were calm and peaceful, putting her mind to rest from worrying that he felt discomfort. His skin was even and perfect, his pigment a pale yet healthy color. She'd wished she'd taken time to notice the color of his eyes but had been preoccupied each time he had opened them. She guessed that they had to be beautiful to contrast his blonde hair and fair skin. Taking her dagger from the tray she cut a decent sized square of the bandaging and pulled the rag from his head, returning it to the bowl. She then took the little athelas she had left and placed it against the gash. It had stopped bleeding and the clumps that had dried were cleaned away. The athelas leaves were spread out over the open wound and over top was the square she had cut out. The goop acted like glue and would hold the leaves and bandage in place. By this time the paste on his shoulder had completely dried. She took the needle and unraveled the thread from the spool, easily pushing it through the tiny eye of the needle whereas a human would need better light and more time. She leaned in and positioned the needle at the side of the wound nearest to his neck. She began to stitch it closed while looking on with intent eyes. When she had first started to stitch up flesh for the injured she had nearly gagged. But over time she had made peace with it and simply sewed. But she still detested the feeling. Sewing up the wound took much time and when she was finished she cut the end of the thread with her dagger and made sure the stitches were secure. From there she gently lifted his arm, placing it over her own shoulder while she wrapped the bandaging about the wound. She made sure that she did this at a slow pace and every so often glanced at his face to make sure that she had not hurt him. This also took time but she didn't mind. After she had bandaged up his shoulder and collected all of her materials onto the tray, she set about her other chores which consisted of cleaning all that she had soiled in helping the elf, washing his clothes, and preparing dinner. She knew not when he would wake and so she stayed close to home.