He put the sword back down. "Good, because I think that would be going a bit overboard. What are you doing to do?" "You'll hear it," Erestor said cheerfully and exited the room. Glorfindel sat up, scanning the room in a sudden panic, and then sank back with a sigh of relief. Erestor had a few weapons in his chambers, but they were all in place. One never knew with an irate Erestor… the blond elf remembered, painfully , when he accidently irritated Erestor while the scholar held a sword. He hadn't struck the elf from behind, nor attacked with the sharp sides but brought the flat side hard on Glorfindel's shins, and then harshly poked him with the sharp edge. From that day on, Glorfindel vowed never to upset Erestor when the scholar held, or was anywhere near anything sharp or pointy. -o- While Glorfindel eased down from his fretful state, Erestor moved with determination towards the kitchen. He knew Elrond would have a headache. It took a lot to get an elf drunk, but elves also happened to like to drink when there was an occasion for it, and their wine was a lot stronger than human's wines and ales. And dwarves' ales, because, let's face it, dwarves did not have wine. That would make them seem a bit like elves, and Erestor knew even if they did drink wine, they'd deny it. Stubborn little creatures, but amusing all the same. Entering the kitchen, Erestor found his tools. It was nothing much really; just a saucepan and a metallic spoon. However, brought together, they made a lot of noise. A lot . Which is exactly what Erestor wanted. Positioning himself right outside of Elrond's chambers, he pressed his ear to the door and noted with pleasure that the elf lord was asleep. Well, not for long. Taking a step back, Erestor began, and he did it with a smile on his lips. -o- When Glorfindel ventured outside and to the hall for something to eat, Elrond was there. Holding his head. Groaning. With Erestor sitting next to him, looking incredibly pleased with himself. "What?" Glorfindel said. "No need for that dwarf ale next year," Erestor said. "Lord Elrond has signed-" "You forced me!" Elrond roared, then moaned and let his aching head sink back to his hands. "Has. Signed a paper that forbids him from singing," Erestor finished. "How exactly will that stop him?" Glorfindel couldn't help but ask. "The consequences would be dire, direr than an irate counsellor banging a saucepan with a metal spoon outside his rooms for an hour." "My poor head," Elrond moaned. "My poor ears!" Erestor shouted. "Glorfindel, why don't you take a seat?" "Will revenge be taken upon me? You mentioned it? Should I fear to take a seat?" "Don't be ridiculous and take a seat. Now." Erestor was, as stated earlier, quite petite for an elf, but Glorfindel knew better than to defy that look. The look that promised hell should he not comply. "Oh, and by the way, some letters arrived today," Erestor continued, looking at Elrond. The lord raised his head at last. "Thranduil wished you to know he sent his son here for, I quote 'some calm time'." If anything it made Elrond's face drain of all colour. "Valar, no! Legolas… he's a sweet child but his energy… I'll never recover! Erestor…" "Oh, not to worry. It will take some days before he arrive, so I suggest no heavy drinking or silly singing in the middle of the night when good elves are trying to sleep. And I'm not the only one saying that." Elrond blushed now, and a few elves softly laughed. Erestor was one of the few elves in Rivendell to completely bring Elrond to his knees. "Now, drink some water, mellon-nin. You look positively parched," Erestor said, something glowing in his eyes and Glorfindel couldn't decide whether it was energy or madness. He decided not to find out, and hoped Erestor would rest some before extracting revenge upon the blond elf as well. With a little luck, this would be the last time for quite a bit that Erestor was held up at night, and while Glorfindel enjoyed listening to singing he still agreed with what Erestor had written upon a parchment, now lying next to him and bearing lord Elrond's signature at the bottom. The parchment began, in all brutal honesty: Yule singing not approved, as stated quite a number of times before, and consequences of hearing this final warning will bring not death but misery from chief counsellor and possibly a sword he stole from Glorfindel. Well, all of it except for the sword-bit. With that, Glorfindel took to prepare his breakfast when a bucket of cold water fell on top of his head. He sighed, and pushed the bucket off his head. Some stared. Others started laughing. He didn't even try to glare at Erestor when the dark-haired elf raised an eyebrow. "Oh my. You seem to have gotten a bit wet. Are you cold?" "Yes, I am, Erestor. Thank you for inquiring of my health." "Oh no, it was my pleasure. I hope you won't have to wait too long to change into dry clothes." "Will you two stop it?" Elrond groaned. "It's bad enough I was woken up by some inane banging-" "Which he deserved," Erestor hissed. "-without having to listen to you two going on," Elrond finished. "Glorfindel… why are you wet?" Well, while hangovers were rare it did happen to elves. Glorfindel didn't even try to explain, and glanced at Erestor in the corner of his eye. He wouldn't put it past the petite elf to try something with their food. All this because of singing. Aye indeed, Yule singing was not approved in this house! End A bit silly, but enjoyable for me to write. I made them very silly here, but that was fun as well. I hope you enjoyed! Until next time, From me, Tiro