and…jealousy? I inwardly rolled my eyes, typical. Of course guys would be jealous of other good-looking guys. Seriously, they needed to grow up. Anyways, back to the matter at hand. It was a staring contest for quite some time before one of the god-like creatures stepped forward. He was wielding a bow and had dark hair that fell down to his waist. It was put up in tiny braids to keep it out of his face. "Who are you and what business do you have in Rivendell?" He demanded this in a firm order. Oh boy, he definitely meant business. I'm sensing arrogance. Wait, did he just say Rivendell? Where the heck is that? Are we still in Kentucky? "Look sir," Nick began nervously. He felt intimidated too. "We're just lost hikers. We don't mean any har—" "Mortals do not come into this part of the land," Mr. Adonis cut in sharply, "what business do you have here?" What the heck? Why does everyone keep calling us mortals? Didn't the urukai call us that too? "Weren't you listening?" I spoke up. He turned the intensity of his eyes upon me, as well as everyone else in the clearing. Nice. "He just said that we're lost hikers. No need to get all rude like that." Jerk. He paused for a second. "Do you know who you are talking to, girl?" Definitely arrogant, and egotistic too. Did he just call me girl? I'm almost 18! Seriously, does he know who he is talking too? Who does he think he is? The Queen—er, King of England? "Oh gee, I don't know," I mock thought, raising a finger to my mouth. "Could it be the biggest jerk face in the world because that's what it seems like." His eyes darkened. This is not good. Shutting up would be nice right now but of course, when have I ever done that? "Or… how about an arrogant, snot head, yeah, that fits better." That was it, he snapped. He started moving toward me in a menacing fashion but Nick got in his way. "Hey look, don't you touch her man!" His face was set in a threatening glare that probably would have scared any normal person. However, we're not dealing with a normal person are we? Apparently, Adonis-clones do not get intimidated. Plus, he was a full head taller then Nick, which might have keyed in too. But he did back off, though his month was in a hard line. "Look," I interfered from my position against the tree. Enough of this, we needed to get out now. "Let's not get into a fight. C'mon you guys, we need to settle this in a non-violent way." I looked at Nick and Michael directly in their eyes, trying to convey a message. They understood. "Right," replied Michael slowly, coming over and helping me up. My foot still hurt a bit but I'd manage. The most important thing right now was to get out of here. I could see the others tense a little, probably a little suspicious. They were looking at us weird, obviously trying to figure out our sudden change in tone. Even head-macho was looking at us rather strangely. "Let's settle this thing in a peaceful way. We wouldn't want anyone to get…" 3…2 "…hurt." …1. That's when we sprang into action. We sprinted. I tried to ignore the pain in my ankle as I ran through the trees, it was hurting really bad. Every step I took sent another bolt of pain up my right leg. I could hear shouts from our captives and the sound of hoofs beating on the ground. Dang it, I forgot about the horses. At least on foot we can lose them in small places. It was hard maneuvering through the forest, especially since it just stopped raining and everything was muddy. I turned my head around and saw Nick and Michael behind me, (I had always been the faster one). Their expression was somewhat odd though. They seemed to looking past me with wide eyes. What? BAM! Before I got a chance to turn my head back around, I suddenly felt myself collide painfully into a tree. Or, at least, I though it was a tree, but no, it was too smooth to be a tree. Besides, trees don't have arms that wrap around you and hold you in place. Slowly, almost fearfully, I let my gaze drift up to look into the fiercest eyes ever. The head-macho himself. How did he catch up so fast? He wasn't even on a horse! He roughly turned me around and held me prisoner against his chest. His grip was firm, almost painful against my arms. I struggled, but it was futile. I could have been fighting against a stone wall for all the progress I was making. I could now see Nick and Michael being held still by two other guys. They were putting up a fight too, but their results were like mine. We all exchanged looks. This was definitely not good. We were in big trouble. After searching endlessly for more than 8 hours, we've finally found what we were looking for. People. Unfortunately, they were crazy Adonis-clones with freakishly long hair and sharp-looking weapons who were holding us captives. That's irony for you. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ A/N There you go, the first chapter. Do you like it? I've always wanted to write a story like this after reading so many great ones with the same plot. I just think it's interesting what happens when Middle Earth clashes with 21st century, you know? I mean, seriously, just imagine this happening to you, what would you do? Oh, and just in case you wanted to know, the head-macho guy was Erestor. He always cracks me up. I have some interesting plans for him in the future (evil grin). And Adonis was a greek figure whose name comes from the Semitic word "Adonai" which means lord. Yeah. Well, check u l8ter! Tiger