frowned and moved a bit. " Gwador ?" he finally asked. "Yes, 'tis him," the Ranger said. "And he needs to check on your wound." "Wound?" "Yes, you were injured," the human said, wincing slightly at the weak tone. The elf did not seem to comprehend what had happened so Aragorn instead just checked the wound. He took a cloth and washed it a bit, holding Legolas close as the elf whimpered in pain. "You will be alright," Aragorn soothed. "You will be fine, Gwador, I promise." The others watched the two and Pippin finally piped up: "What does Gwador mean, Frodo?" "It means brother," Frodo replied. "But why are they calling each other brother?" Merry sat silent as he watched the two. To them all, it had looked in the beginning like the Ranger and the Sindar elf did not know each other. But then the hobbit had heard them one night when he could not sleep: Merry finally sighed and opened his eyes. The fire was still burning and the Sindar was sitting back to back with Aragorn. Both were looking at the sky, and once in a while Legolas would point a star out and exclaim something on Elvish. The human would reply, sometimes laughing quietly. " Estel?" the elf asked after a bit of silence. Merry watched and listened silently. " Yes, mellon-nin?" " Do you remember when we were sitting like this, pointing out the stars and laughing like fools?" " I had probably drunken too much ale and you too much wine, but aye, I remember," Aragorn replied. "What about it?" " Nothing," Legolas said, letting his head rest on Aragorn's shoulder. "I just… remembered." " Elves are always so sentimental," the Ranger huffed. " Watch you tongue, human," the Sindar huffed back. Aragorn looked at the elf that only smiled at him and continued: " Why are you up? It's my time to keep watch, yet you have stayed up too late." " I saw the stars, 'Las, and wanted to watch a bit longer," the human replied with a shrug. " And you talk about sentimental to me," the elf said with a snort. "You never change, little Gwador." Aragorn merely stuck out his tongue at Legolas. ­ - Aragorn did not look back as he ran through the forest, not even stopping for a moment to marvel the beauty. No, he had more important things to do. He felt the Sindar in his arms fade, losing the battle against pain and fever. "Do not give up, Legolas," he murmured at the pale elf. "Do not dare give up on me now." The others tried their hardest to keep up but soon Aragorn speed ahead of them. Suddenly the Ranger stopped and the Fellowship stopped beside him. "What's wrong?" Frodo asked. Aragorn whipped his head around and called out: "Come out, guards of Lothlórien! We need your help!" A rustle of leaves and suddenly there was an elf standing in front of them. His eyes widened at the sight. "Haldir," Aragorn spoke rapidly. "Please…" Haldir knew who they were, and what they had brought into the forest. Yet there was no hesitation in his actions. There were no unnecessary glances towards the hobbits or Gimli. There was only rush. Within a few moments, they were going to Caras Galadhon. - Aragorn was awoken from his restless sleep by none other than Galadriel. He sat up quickly and she only smiled before walking away. The human scrambled up to follow her, though careful not to awaken any of his companions. He had pushed them hard, and deserved their rest. "He asked for you," the Lady of Light said as they walked towards one of the lower platforms. "First thing he did when he opened his eyes was asking for you." "He is alright then?" "He must rest for at least a few days before he can continue," Galadriel said. "Hannon le," Aragorn spoke, putting a hand against his chest while bowing his head. "You held his fever down and you acted as his legs when his own could no longer support him Estel," she spoke. "It is you who should be thanked. Without you, he would have died, defenceless upon those cold rocks. Thanks to you, the child of Mirkwood was saved. Thranduil will be most thankful when he hears of this." As she had spoken, they had reached up on the platform. She now motioned to the single bed that was on the platform and then moved away. The Ranger walked up to the bed, and Legolas opened his eyes. His hand stretched out and Aragorn took it. "Mellon-nin," the human whispered, pressing the pale hand against his cheek while sitting down. "So close…" "I am fine, Estel," Legolas said, smiling lightly. Aragorn put his head on the elf's chest and wept. Slim hands cradled his skull, stroking the hair gently. The blonde elf began humming on a song, knowing the vibrations would calm the man down. The Ranger let himself be calmed down by the elf and soon lifted his head to look at Legolas. The blonde Sindar smiled at him and tugged on his hair. "I would have hoped you would take the chance of a bath," the elf said and wrinkled his nose. "I am warning you, 'Las," the human replied. The Sindar laughed at him and Aragorn pushed at him a little. Legolas wriggled over to the other side so his friend could lie down. The Ranger relaxed in the soft bed and said: "You better not frighten me like that ever again." "I will do my best," Legolas promised. End Alright, maybe it was a bit strange but I wanted to write it. Hope that some people liked it and I don't like getting a review that says the reviewer hated the story. Don't like the story, don't review. Push the back-button; it's much easier and doesn't take nearly as much energy. Until another time, Ja, Tiro