chasing him. Pippin runs but waves back,) Pippin: Never you mind, Data. Fly home without me. I've already got other problems. (Meanwhile Sam and Frodo have set off on the outskirts of Hobbiton in early morning and have come to a farmer's crops.) Sam: This is it. Frodo: This is what? Sam: If I take one more step...it'll be the farthest away from Rosy I've ever been. Frodo: Come on Sam. You know what Bilbo said. It's a dangerous business Frodo. Stepping off your door and if you don't keep your feet...there's no telling where you might end up to. Sam: Yes I remember. Frodo: Then let's us go out into the world and... (Frodo and Sam get pushed over by two other hobbits. The two hobbits are Merry and Pippin.) Pippin: Hey Merry it's Frodo. I thought it was Rosy. Merry: Bide you Frodo. (Sam pulls Pippin off of Frodo.) Sam: Get off of him. Sorry Mr. Frodo. (Sam then recognizes that the two hobbits have been up to mischief.) Sam: You've been robbing Farmer Maggot's Crops. (Distant voice calls.) Farmer Maggot: Hey! Get out of my fields. I'll catch you if you don't run... (Pippin running through corn field.) Pippin: I don't see why he's so grumpy. All we took was some cabagges. And some carrots last week. And the bag of mushrooms the week before. Merry: Yes Pippin! My point is...he's clearly overeactin. Pippin: Run! (Thirteen months later...) (The hobbits have all gone through there adventures and Frodo has destroyed the One Ring in Mount Doom. They have all visited what they need to have visited and have returned back to Hobbiton. The hobbits right now are dressed in strange atire.) Merry: Well Pip. I can now boast that I have a satellite phone now. Pippin: You don't have one yet. Merry: Well Strider promised me after he was crowned that he would install one in my hobbit hole. Pippin: Well...Strider promised me to get cable connected from my hobbit hole, all the way to Isengard Radio Tower. Merry: How is he going to do that? Pippin: Easy. He just hires a bunch of Dwarves to go and dig a long line and then Vouala! Fully connected! Merry: Wow. (As the hobbits are riding Sam sees ten hobbit suitors at Rosy's door and are talking to her drunkenly with mugs of beer in their hands. Sam's eyes widen.) Sam: Excuse me Mr. Frodo. But I've got some business with these confounded, drunken, tulip-livered hobbits. Frodo: Uh, Sam I don't think... (Sam stops his pony and pulls out a tazer that has an insignia that says, "Minas Tirith Police Force". Sam gets close and the hobbits stop laughing and stare at Sam.) Sam: If you'll excuse me gentlehobbits...I've got a date with Rosy. (The ten hobbits immediatly throw down their mugs and pull out knives.) Pippin: Look's like it's going to be one heaven of a fight. Merry: Let's hope Sam still has his fists. Hobbit 1: Yer weerent going to terk a date with Posy...unlerrs yer go through me. Sam: With pleasure. (Sam press the tazer button and zaps the hobbit . The hobbit gasps and falls down stunned. A second hobbit comes with a cow prong and turns it on. Sam ducks as the hobbit swings it. The cow prong hits Pippin on the head and he falls over stunned. Sam grabs the hobbit's prong and zaps him with it. That hobbit falls unconscious while the rest run. Rosy has been gaping this whole time and meets eyes with Sam.) Rosy: Sam! Sam: Rosy! (Both hobbits run to meet each other and hug and embrace each other. Merry puts on some dark sunglasses and takes out a cell phone.) Merry: Get me to Rivindell's Finest quick! Ent Opperator: Yesss Sir. Har-Boom. I'll connect you to them right away. Haroom-Rum. Merry: Thank you! (Merry waits for a while and then hears an elf pick up the phone.) Merry: Is this Rivindell's Finest? Elf: Yes this is Rivindell's Finest. How may I help you? Merry covers cell-phone: He sounds like an answering machine. Merry: I need all your best wedding preperations in Hobbiton as soon as possible. You understand? Elf: Yes...but all the best wedding preparations were taken to Mirkwood. Legolas Greenleaf is getting married and a Gondorian called FirstBorn is hosting it. Merry: Oh man. Well tell him I want them right after he's done with his wedding. Do you understand? Elf: Yes sir. Merry: And don't call me sir I'm a hobbit. We aren't humans. Elf: Yes sir. Merry: WOULD YOU STOP CALLING ME THAT! Elf: Yes sir. Merry: I could have you hang! Answering machine with the same elf's voice: Yes this is Rivindell's finest how may I help you? (Merry turns off cell-phone. Merry turns to Sam with Rosy in arm to arm with him.) Merry: Sorry Sam. It looks like that Rivendell doesn't have the wedding specials right now. Sam: That's all right. All I care is that I have a bonny bride with me. Frodo: I didn't know you were Scot. Sam: I never told you that? Frodo: No. Sam: Well I don't care. (Sam walks off hapily with Rosy in his arms. Several years past. Sam marrys Rosy and Pippin gets her boquoit. And then after that all four hobbits go to Legolos's Ball and hava a great time there. There they meet the great elf princess FirstBorn who was hosting it and then go back to the shire. Then sadly Frodo leaves for Valinor with Gandalf, Galadriel, Bilbo, and several other elves. Sam then turns back to his home and sees Elanor running out to meet him. Rosy is holding his children and she kisses him in greeting and love.) Sam: Well I'm back. (Sam's family goes in and closes the door. And Pippin later writes in his book that he loved Sam but says later on,) Pippin: Curses. Curses. Foiled again. Finis or in the vulgar tongue The End