chased after him, running faster than Elrond had ever seen him run and on top of that he was holding a book over his head, seemingly quite intent on hitting Glorfindel with it. When the smaller elf finally managed to get a hold of Glorfindel they went down on the ground with little to no dignity at all. "Ow! That hurts! Erestor, that hurts !" "It's meant to hurt you oaf!" Elrond could see Glorfindel would be sporting quite a few bruises, and knew something had most definitely changed between the two of them. "Gentlemen." They looked up at Elrond, Erestor sitting on Glorfindel's stomach with the book held above his head. Glorfindel groaned. "What happened?" Elrond asked gently. "What do you mean, my lord?" Erestor asked innocently. Elrond felt a shiver work its way up his back; Erestor never, ever sounded innocent and if by chance he tried to come off as innocent the best thing one could do was back away and hope he wasn't coming after you. "Well, you two are… enemies?" "We most certainly are not," Erestor huffed out. "You had a different opinion not even two minuets ago," the blond elf groaned. "Get off me, you midget!" The book slammed down. "Ow! Erestor!" "What did we agree on that particular nickname?" Erestor asked dangerously. "Not saying it in front of you," Glorfindel nearly whimpered. "How about never saying it again?" Erestor continued, lifting the book again. They seemed to have completely forgotten Elrond's presence. "Now, now," he said, "come to your senses. I'd rather not have to treat any concussions on one of my captains, so please talk like grown people. Because you are grown people." "Talking like grown people doesn't help with him," Erestor said, "since he's only a sword-swinging fool." "Erestor!" "Blondie," Erestor hissed. "Alright, that's it!" Glorfindel swung Erestor up over his shoulder. Erestor dropped the book, the only weapon he had, and began to use his fists instead. "You're taking a bath, right now!" Glorfindel declared. "What- oh no, I will most certainly not !" Elrond stared as Glorfindel carried Erestor to one of the streams running through the garden, Erestor fighting back. "Put me down this very instant or you shall suffer permanent damage!" Erestor growled. "Try it then, after this. Here we go!" Glorfindel raised the smaller elf further up in the air with the intention of throwing him into the water. Erestor however had a different idea. He quickly grabbed onto Glorfindel just as the blond hurled him. The end result was that they both went down. Elrond's eyes were wide as he watched the scene the two presented. Erestor got up first, dripping like a wet cat and looking just about as pleased as one. He glared at Glorfindel and kicked the larger elf's shin once the captain got up from the water. "Damn it, Erestor!" Glorfindel hopped about on one leg, his hands clutching his pained shin. "You're crazy!" the blond exclaimed. "You're the crazy one," Erestor retorted. "Am not!" "So are!" "Not!" "Are!" "Will the two of your quiet down for a moment?" Elrond said and the two looked over at him. They seemed to finally realize their lord had been present all along. Glorfindel stood up straight, and Erestor muttered to him: "You will regret throwing me into the water, mark my words." "Somehow I don't doubt that a bit. Stop glaring at me." "I will not." "Children," Elrond said. The two stared at him. Elrond spread his arms. "Fight like children, and be treated like children. Go inside, take a bath, change clothes and then sit and think about your actions." Erestor gaped. Glorfindel at least looked a bit embarrassed. Erestor was the first one to walk away, and Elrond saw it took effort to walk past Glorfindel without kicking him again. Glorfindel merely smiled and shrugged at Elrond before following the advisor. -o- "You're impossible. You promised me, and more importantly, you promised lord Elrond to stop this nonsense and what do you do? Ignore it all!" Erestor chose to ignore Glorfindel, hiding his yawn against the man's shoulder as the blond carried him back to his rooms." "Erestor!" "Shut up." "Erestor, no, I will not-!" "It was just a few papers, I can't see what you're getting so upset about…" "Because a few papers for you are at least thirty! That's not normal! A few papers is no more than five!" "Is that how you judge it?" "Yes!" "Then it must be a significant difference between our intelligence," Erestor said with an air of innocence around him. Glorfindel knew nothing good would come out of that. Erestor and innocence should never be put in the same sentence, for Erestor never was simply innocent. "What did you just say, shorty?" Since the word midget was forbidden in their conversations, Erestor had hit and kicked Glorfindel enough times to make the blond stop, the Balrog slayer had turned to other words with the same meaning. Further down the hall Elrond listened to the two of them bickering, shaking his head in amusement. It was nice that Erestor and Glorfindel had finally become friends, but the two were rather peculiar and it was a common sight now to see Erestor chase Glorfindel down with a book in his hands, ready to "hit the stupidity out" of the blond. That was Erestor's words, not Elrond's. It wasn't that Elrond found it annoying. It was the opposite. Whenever he heard them shouting he couldn't focus on his own work in favour of watching them instead. He never got any work done. "Ow! Erestor , did you just bite me?!" Elrond stifled his laughter at that before turning away to go back to his room. Perhaps they fought and argued more than they ever agreed with each other, but the mere fact that Glorfindel still voluntarily went to check on Erestor every night spoke of the friendship they had made. End Until another time, See ya, Tiro