Théoden's people. For a while, he just watched his two friends work, Legolas wrinkling his nose at all the blood and scooping up more water with his bucket to clean some away. That elf was a perfectionist. Noticing he was being watched, Legolas came over and sat down beside him before smiling a bit. "Something wrong?" the man asked. "No, not at all," the elf said and smiled wider. "In fact, it feels like everything is going fine." "What do you mean?" Just a few days prior Legolas seemed to await his own death. What had changed so suddenly? "The wind is carrying with it a message," Legolas said and tilted his head up, closing his eyes. "And what does it tell you?" the man asked suspiciously. Trust an elf to think that the wind is speaking. "That there is a Halfling on his way to Minas Tirith." Against his will, Aragorn's eyes widened. - Merry ran alongside Emalrion, the wind seemingly carrying them to Minas Tirith. The elf let out childish laughter from time to time, as Legolas had done when they just had started their journey. It had been so long ago it felt like: Merry trudged along with Pippin, feeling very ready to call it a day and rest. However, the sun was still high and they had to keep on moving. The Hobbits were tired, but they could not afford to stop. They needed to cover ground. Suddenly Legolas raced past them, and Sam, who was still in awe of the elves in Rivendell, stared at the blonde. They had never seen an elf in Rivendell actually run. All of them had been striding along so slowly and gracefully, not like Legolas with his long strides. The Sindar laughed as he turned his head and moments later came Aragorn running, screaming on Elvish while getting leaves and grass from his hair. Legolas laughed more and took off, the Ranger following. The Hobbits stared at the two as the elf was chased around by the human, his clear laughter echoing around them. Gimli and Boromir seemed surprised as well while Gandalf only sighed and said: " Even after all these years, those two are nothing but children." Merry smiled at the memory and raced to catch up with Emalrion. Said elf laughed, his hair shining in the sun and his skin changing depending how he moved. "How come I can run as fast as you?" Merry called out. Emalrion laughed again and replied: "The wind knows you and helps you to catch up!" "Knows me? Because I'm a watcher?" "Of course!" Merry ran faster than the elf who grinned and spread his arms out. At this rate, they were to arrive faster than Emalrion had anticipated. But not fast enough to come in the midst of battle. Emalrion could smell war in the air, and knew he would go slow enough to spare Merry from that battle. Whatever battle ahead Merry could fight, but not this one. Because Emalrion knew this battle was already won by man. - Aragorn turned and met Gandalf's gaze as the ghosts slowly faded from view, freed of their duties. He smiled a bit and then looked around the field. Orc and men lay together on the ground, smoke rising from Minas Tirith. Worn men from Rohan searched for survivors, Gondor's men slowly coming out as well. He was glad that his friends were still alright. He looked over where Théoden was cared for by Eomer and to everyone's earlier surprise Eowyn. The brave woman had a broken arm from fighting the Witch King but she had high spirits. Théoden had a broken leg after being attacked by the Witch King's beast and his horse was injured as well. Suddenly Legolas looked away, further from the battle and not to Minas Tirith or Mordor. His eyes widened, and Aragorn said: "What's wrong, Legolas?" "Legolas?" Pippin asked worriedly. "Merry…" the elf whispered. They all turned to look and gaped. Merry walked forward, still too far away for shouting distance but close enough to see his small stature and mop of hair. He was dressed in strange clothes and looked behind himself, as if someone had accompanied him and suddenly was gone. As on cue, the remains of the Fellowship began running. - Merry heard the last whispers of Emalrion die out, and knew the watcher did not want anyone to see him yet missed his presence. He turned back and saw his friends coming. His smile broadened when he saw Pippin, and he started to run as well. The two Hobbits almost crashed into each other, Pippin trying to hug the life out of Merry. "I thought you were dead!" the slightly younger of the two sobbed out as the others surrounded them. "Hey, not getting rid of me that easily!" Merry said. "You truly are stubborn creatures," Legolas said at the Hobbit, and Merry looked up at him with a bright grin. "Where did you get this clothing from?" Aragorn asked, touching the cloak in wonder. "I met someone," the Hobbit said and looked at them all. "He took care of me." "Who was it?" Gandalf asked. "He is a bit like Treebeard I suppose," Merry said. "But in a wider range." "What do you mean?" Gandalf asked. "He's watching all of the woods in Middle-Earth." He knew he was going to see Emalrion again, whether it would be here, in the Shire or perhaps even in Valinor. He would see the elf again; he just had to wait. End There you have it, another example of my mind making up stories when I'm really supposed to do something else (this one was made up during school, and as you know my teachers didn't always appreciate when I disappeared into my own world during their lessons). It's an open ending story just so you know I won't be posting another chapter or so. Hope you enjoyed it! Until another time, Ja, Tiro