he been foreseeing the orc attack? But how could a few orcs be detrimental? The twins didn't seem very worried, they were confident in their skills. They simultaneously picked up their bows. "Estel," Elladan said sternly, turning to face his brother. "You and Legolas, head back north to where we camped last. Wait there, and if we are not back by nightfall, head home-" Legolas was jerked out of his stupor. "What?" he cried. "I'm not running away!" Estel protested. "I doubt that there are more than a dozen of them," Elrohir told them. "Just a rogue group from the mountains, leaving their territory because of the weather's darkness. Elladan and I can take care of them ourselves, and then we will get back to you." "Estel, we know that you are very good fighter, but there's no need to risk getting hurt when it's not absolutely necessary. And Legolas, we are not sending him back home all by himself during a storm." Elladan finished. "I can fight just as well as you two can!" The human boy said desperately, unsheathing his sword. "I have been practicing, I can do it!" "I agree that Estel should not fight," Legolas told his friends. "But I will not leave you to fight the monsters by yourself!" "Monsters?" Elrohir laughed. "True, mellon nin, they are horrible beasts, but you make them sound so extremely dangerous. My brother and I are fully capable of handling them, I am sure. They are nothing but small, dense creatures." Legolas could tell that the only way Estel would be kept from fighting was if he accompanied him back to their campsite. And he was not going to risk the child getting hurt again by the orcs. "Come, Estel." He said finally, motioning for the boy and turning his horse around. The mortal's eyes grew wide and he shook his head. But after glancing at his brothers demanding expressions, he sighed in defeat. There was no way he was going to convince the elves to let him fight. Grumbling in terrible annoyance, he put his blade away. "Fine." He hissed. "We will see you soon." The twins said as the pair began to leave. Lightning suddenly illuminated the dark sky, showing a diminutive group of orcs in the distance. And the two friends rode off, never looking back. Elladan and Elrohir notched their bows, staring through the pouring rain at the targets. After a short time, a horribly loud crack of thunder reverberated through the air and Legolas' horse balked, planting its feet firm and snorting loudly as Estel's ran even faster. "Estel!" Legolas screamed as he saw where the horse was running. He slid off of his stubborn mount and sprinted forward. "Estel, no!" Estel's eyes widened in horror as the ground suddenly disappeared in front of him. The canyon. He pulled sharply on Hyalma's mane and she slid to a halt on the edge, the ground crumbling under her weight. As the earth cracked, she shrieked, rearing up onto her hind legs. The boy's hands slipped uselessly on her drenched fur as he tumbled off her back to the ground, almost directly under her flailing hooves. "Estel!!" Legolas cried in panic. He was still many yards from the child, it would be too late… Blindly scrambling away from the horse's legs, Estel shrank backwards. The ground crunched sickeningly and he screamed as it crumbled and he plummeted downward. Legolas threw himself for the edge, grabbing one of Estel's hands and almost being pulled over by his momentum. Before he could say or do anything, the ground cracked again. He heard Hyalma come back down on four legs next to him and turn around, running. The mud broke apart. The prince felt himself falling and heard Estel cry out next to him. Mud and debris clouded his vision and rocks painfully pelted him, but he held tightly to his friend's hand. He suddenly came to a painful halt. His free arm had managed to grab an outcropped rock. But with the force of the fall and the pelting rain, Estel slipped from his grasp. "ESTEL!" Legolas screamed in horror. He would never forget watching the young human slam on his back into the ground. His heart pounding so fast it felt like it would burst, his mind hysterical, the prince scrambled to fully grab hold of the stone and climb down hastily. He didn't know where the twins were, he didn't know what had happened with the orcs, but he didn't care at the moment. All that mattered was Estel. It seemed impossible that anyone would be able to survive a fall like that. No, Estel! Oh Valar, this can not be happening! Everything was going so well! Oh, please… It felt like hours until he was ten feet from the ground, where he simply let go and dropped lightly to his feet. He immediately raced forward, the image of the child falling imprinted in his head. The motionless body lay in front of him on the hard ground, puddles of rainwater scattered around the otherwise empty riverbank. "Estel? Estel?!" he cried, kneeling beside the mortal. Estel's eyes were tightly closed, his limbs spread out awkwardly. His face seemed only slightly pained. It should have hurt more, Legolas thought fearfully to himself, he shouldn't look like he's merely asleep. Trembling with panic, the prince lifted the limp hand and felt the wrist for a pulse. Nothing. "No…" Legolas choked, shaking his head fervently, "No." Oh Valar no, this isn't happening! He lowered his head and listened desperately for breath. Nothing. "Estel…" he whispered tearfully, shaking his shoulders. "Estel, come on. No…" Tears rolling freely down his fast, disbelief surging through him, Legolas lifted his friend into his arms and turned him over. When he saw the back of Estel's head, where it had hit the ground at a fall of over a hundred feet, Legolas let out a loud sob. Grief overwhelmed him and everything went dark.