her was daunted by all the layers but she managed to get herself trussed inside. Her hair she left free knowing that Legolas would mostly like muss any decoration she put into it. This way he could run his hands freely through it. She left her chambers swiftly headed to the dining hall. Her stomach was still anxious and she wondered if she was hungry or if it was something else. A new thought came to her mind. You haven't had a period since coming to Middle Earth. Perhaps it's that? Lana frowned. No. It couldn't be her cycle. While it had been months since she had one she knew the signs and this wasn't it. She halted abruptly. What if…? She swallowed hard and pressed a hand over her stomach, smoothing down the flat plane. No. No, of course not. It's definitely not that. Lifting her chin she entered through a side door. The hobbits were just arriving with Gimli and she saw Legolas already seated with Aragorn and Faramir. Legolas' eyes immediately met hers. Her heart stopped for a moment then fluttered. She smiled warmly. She dined with her friends helping herself to two courses of bacon, much to Legolas' amusement. She gave him a look that dared him to say anything. Eying him as she ate she noticed something. "You're chipper this morning." "Hmm?" "You look happier than usual—excited." "Ah." Lana peered at him waiting for him to elaborate. Legolas seemed intent on ignoring her words but he glanced sideways at her. Finally he said, "After breakfeast. I'll tell you." When that time came he led her down the path toward the White Tree. They were far enough from friends and curious ears that Legolas felt free to speak. "I will be leaving with Faramir today. We go to scout Ithilien." Lana blinked and would have stopped walking had Legolas not a firm hold on her arm. "You're leaving." Her voice was flat. She glanced up at him questioningly. "And when was this decided?" Legolas knew she was shocked and upset by his sudden news. In truth, he hadn't thought through his decision to join Faramir until he saw Lana enter the hall. As always she looked resplendent, but today she wore a dark red gown the attracted many eyes including his own. "I had only learned this morning that he would be going. Aragorn spoke of it and now's a good a time as any to begin searching for where we will live." Lana nodded, trying to feel supportive. But she found herself off kilter and she didn't know what she should be feeling. Sensing this Legolas drew her to a bench near the prow of the citadel. He had her sit and joined her. He studied her face as she looked ahead at the panoramic view before her. "You are angry," he stated after a moment. "No." She countered. "Not angry. Shocked more like it. Upset that I wasn't made aware of this until now." Legolas dropped his head guiltily. "I only received the news—" "Yes, yes, I know what you said. But still." She sighed heavily. When she faced him he saw her making an effort to be understanding. "You should go. You've been planning this for sometime now and you do need to find a place for the colony. So I won't begrudge you this." Legolas smiled gratefully. He lifted a hand to tuck some of her loose hair behind her ear. His fingers lingered on the curve, tracing it down to her neck. However, he still sensed something amiss. "Man presta le, Cairnmel?" It was Lana's turn to look away. She pursed her lips. "Lana?" She blew out a breath. "Éowyn just left yesterday and now you." It was like everyone was leaving, though she knew it wasn't true. But she felt very much like a child being dropped off at boarding school where she knew next to no one. Legolas drew her into his arms. He pressed a kiss on her hair. The wind picked up again, fluttering around them. He tensed slightly as he scented the ocean's tangy fragrance hidden in the air. His sudden movement caused her to look up suddenly. Seeing nothing amiss she looked questioningly at him. He merely smiled and dipped down to place a chaste kiss on her lips. Well aware of their audience not too far away, Lana was both relieved and disappointed that the kiss didn't develop into something more. o0o Lana stood back as Legolas mounted Arod. He chose to ride with no bridle or saddle. Lana would have questioned his choices had she not enough experience with "elvishness" by now. The stallion's white coat gleamed under the late morning sun. He was the only white horse in the group. All of Faramir's men sat on horses of various shades of brown. Faramir himself rode a healthy looking red roan with black points. Lana's eyes wandered over their gear, noting the various swords, knives, and bows and arrows. Where they headed few orcs had been seen in some weeks, but the world was not entirely free of Mordor's filth. "I will return in seven days," Legolas assured her. Lana looked up at him and offered a warm smile. "It will go swiftly." Legolas gave her a long look. Finally, his lips tilted up into a smile she loved so well. A mischievous glint sparked in his blue eyes. "Ciao bella." Lana's mouth fell open and Legolas threw back his head and laughed. Squeezing Arod beneath him, he guided the horse to fall in line with the others. He turned back once flashing her a spritely grin before he and the rest of the group thundered off. Lana blew out a breath. "Well." She turned and looked up at the city. Much could happen in a week, she mused and began the long hike up to the citadel. Thank you for reading! I hoped you enjoyed this interlude. Patria is coming. Hold tight!