was bitterly reminded of my lost friend and that pained me. However, I have grown since first coming to Rivendell and I hope that you can forgive me for my petty grievances that has cost us years of our friendship." His eyes filled with a deep and genuine sorrow, Erestor tightened his hold on Glorfindel's hands once more, "You must not see this as a petty grievance. You have suffered more then anyone should have to and have been so strong throughout. I do not resent you for seeing the reflection of Ecthelion within my appearance; you can control the way your mind grieves. Although there is nothing to forgive, I still will accept your apology so that your mind can rest, relax and unburden itself." Relief washing over his face, Glorfindel's expression lightened and his natural light which had dulled since the beginning of the conversation, shone forth once more. A smile warmed Erestor's face and he was glad that his friend had healed, even if it was not completely. --------- Many centuries later, two strong and young horses walked lightly over the soft soil that was littered with falling leaves from the trees. On these horses were two figures, clothed in cloaks that fell like shimmering liquid over the shoulders of the two figures. Their faces were slightly obstructed by the fine clothing that adorned them and the shadows that the trees made across them. As they walked, small bells that were attached to one of the horses chimed softly, reminding the figures of their travelling. The sound of waves lulled them into a companionable silence. The distant sound of gulls sounded from ahead as well as the unexplainable sound of the sea calling. The lush undergrowth made hardly a sound as the horses tread over them lightly, eager to arrive at their destination. A break in the trees was all it took to grab a gasp from both of the elves as they saw the vastness of the ocean. Glorfindel, having once experienced the realization of departure before, looked to Erestor. He found the former chief counsellor of the once prosperous Rivendell staring at the break in the trees with a grief that tore at him. He could see the moisture within the others eyes as he stared unceasingly at the vast blue stretch ahead of him. Demounting from his horse, Glorfindel walked beside the pure white horse that had born him for many years across the land that he had called home. Now, the horse was bearing him to his last destination. Beside him the black and lovely horse that Erestor sat atop of whinnied softly, as if sensing his masters sadness. Erestor's hand lightly stroked the coat of the horse and it stopped, as if sensing his master's next move. Without taking his eyes off the horizon, Erestor dismounted as well, his feet silently landing on top of the lush grass that spread between the trees. Small white flowers had boomed at the base of the trees, the occasional large flower nestled within a patch were it had been caught since its fall. Placing a hand on the shoulder of his friend, Glorfindel squeezed the tense shoulder of Erestor. The elf looked at him slowly and placed both of his hands on top of his. Feeling the slight tremors that shook the other elf he unhooked his hands and wrapped his arm around his friends arm, so that they were hooked together side by side. Still looking at the anxious and weary expression that adorned his friends face, Glorfindel spoke, "Soon we will land on calm shores. There is nothing to fear my friend, we are but facing the next adventure." Erestor broke his gaze from the forest floor and looked at Glorfindel's face, "As long as you are beside me, I will be able to make this journey." In response to this, Glorfindel squeezed the arm of the elf's reassuringly. Hearing the other elf take a shaking breath, he began to walk slowly with him towards the break in the trees. A gull called in the distance and the ever-present sound of the waves echoed in their ears. ------------------------------------------------------------------ AN: So I hope that you enjoyed my little fic. It took me a while to write, I haven't had a lot of time and I wanted to make sure that it stayed true to what I believe the characters to be like. Unlike most fanfictions, I do not see Erestor as being a grouchy and anger filled elf, nor do I see Glorfindel as being a vain and self possessed elf either. I think that because of the sacrifice Glorfindel made with the fall in the battle for Gondolin, he would be quite a generous person, willing to lay down his life for a cause but unwilling to do so if he doesn't believe in that cause will all of his heart. He would therefore be incredibly loyal to the ones he loves and very determined to act honourable in all situations. I think that Erestor would have to be hard working, wise, patient and understanding to be the Chief Counsellor of Rivendell. On a side note, I also don't think that the twins would be like they are often portrayed, in fact, I think they would be quite the opposite. Tolkien represented them in my eyes as being tortured over the loss of their mother and hungry for vengeance against those that wronged them. I actually had an alternative ending to this story. It was that Glorfindel and Erestor pass through a village on their way to the boats and the men get to see the last elves on middle earth. It was kind of sad and I couldn't get it right so I scrubbed that. Anyways, I really hope you did enjoy this and please, if you have any criticism or shock horror, praise, please please review because I would absolutely love to hear anything at all about how my story is!