men around this place. Deciding I'd best get out I stood up and thanked the bartender with my money and left for the streets. It was early, sun only just set when I stepped out and made my way up to the top tower and to the shelter of my room. Don't ask me why I go all the way down to the bottom of the great city of Minas Tirith just to drink a couple pints of ale, but I do. I really hate being in such a big kingdom, I just want to settle down and maybe even have a family with one who I love. But there seems to be nobody. There are beautiful women on the upper levels, but they are all snobby and only want me for the gold and jewels I own because of my father. My father would choose anybody just for a night, but I am not him, I will never be him. I love him, but not when he acts like a child I sometimes think he is. I finally reach the top and walk into the head building. I go along a side passage just so I don't have to go through the main hall and face my father. He'd be disappointed in me if he knew I wasn't traveling to Osgiliath tonight, but I had drunk quite a few ales and I wasn't keen on sleep somewhere where I didn't feel safe. Tomorrow I will rise earlier than the sun and leave then with my men. There is only about thirty in our party and they were all staying in the lower level housings and I would rouse all of them with my lead companion Madril. He in fact was staying in the guest room next to mine. For yes I have a guest room right next to my room if I ever wanted to find company and keep them here over night. By the time I laid down, the long day finally came upon me and I thought of mother. She had died when Boromir and I were naught but eleven. I loved her more than Boromir did more than father; she and I clicked when I needed help with writing or reading scrolls for schooling. Tears came to my eyes as I thought about how much she would see me now, a thirty year old man and still no family. That was her number one priority, a family. But at least I wasn't the oldest without a family. Boromir was thirty-five and had nobody either. Maybe this was the year we would find somebody... I groaned rolling over in the bed as my eyes turned to the stars hanging out my window, I wonder if I was going to find somebody this year. Evil was growing and all that I wanted was a woman to spend the last remaining good times with..."Please..." I muttered to the stars before darkness took over me as I shut my eyes. Elendawen's POV: Meanwhile, within the tower of Minas Tirith…. "Wait here ma'am. I will alert the council that you are here," said the tower guard. "Yes, sir," I replied with a small smile. And with that he turned and left, leaving me alone in the open lobby. I watched him disappear into a set of doors at the end of a long hallway to my left. Once the door closed behind him, I turned my attention to the lobby. The spacious room felt like a small open wooded meadow within towering walls of white. A towering giant window stood from floor to halfway up the white wall facing out towards the plains, flooding the large room with waves of sunlight. Along the sides sprung flowers and paintings of various items that lined the columns and window. In each of the four corners of the room stood four trees found only close to Tharbad. Multiple wooden bookshelves all dyed black were filled to the brim with books of various shapes and sizes scattered in and among the plants along the walls of the room. In the center of the room, a circular black dyed wooden table sat elegantly on top of a hand woven blue carpet with a white tree embroidered in the center. Comfortable couches and chairs encircled the table in the middle allowing guests to sit comfortably while they wait for the council to approve of their appearance. "Excuse me, miss," said the voice of the guard who brought me here. "Yes," I said as I turned towards him. "The council, the steward and the two steward- princes have been informed of your arrival. They are waiting for you in the conference room. Please follow me." Turning on his heel, the guard walked back to the same door that he had walked through earlier. Quickly, I followed the man down the long hallway to the conference room. As I walked by, I noticed more plants from Tharbad. I also noticed more paintings alternating with used torches. This time the paintings were of people I did not recognize. Probably former council members in which these paintings were painted before they died of old age. "Excuse me, miss, May I have your attention, please?" asked the guard. I looked at him and nodded for him to continue. He took the opportunity to knock on the door three times. Within the room, I could hear a soft argument had broken out between multiple people. As soon as the argument had started, it had stopped followed by a scuffling chair moving against the hard stone floor. The soft steps of someone walking could be heard, growing louder as it drew nearer and nearer to the door. Thinking that one of the council elders would open the heavy wooden door, I wasn't expecting to be surprised by a surprise. A/N: Hope you enjoyed the first part to our story, please review! And if any suggestions or anything else, we appreciate it. Thanks for reading!