He tried to hug her but she slapped his hand away. Feeling increasingly frustrated he got up, paced the room a bit, and came back to her with a flagon of ale prepared for their snack "after". His intuitive knowledge of female psychology whispered to him - " embrace her " - which he did, subduing her several attempts to wriggle away. He cradled his puke scented wife in his arms and bade her to have a go at the ale. She downed it quite quickly, interrupting the drinking for the odd sob or hiccup. Whether it was the ale, rubbing her back, kissing the top of her head, wiping her face with the sleeve of his nightshirt, embracing her, the Valar's intervention or the boner against her thigh, she finally started to whisper, to tell him what's wrong . After she finished he kissed her on the mouth, murmured words of endearment and took her to bed. At dawn the newly weds, with the groom grinning like a teenage boy over a prank, burned the stained yet not bloody bed sheet in the fireplace – they later deadpanned the servants that this was a tradition from the bride's homeland. As they had decided to follow Eorling customs Boromir unbarred the door, put out the knot and scurried back to bed and tried to hide as much of his person under the cloak without pushing Olga from underneath. Soon Eomer, Aragorn and Gimli crawled up to pronounce them man and wife. "I see you, Olga Aleksdottir, wrapped in Boromir Denethorsson's cloak. I wish you much happiness!" – they said one after another. . ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() . They had three daughters, born respectively in years 2 - Beralindes, 4 – Devoran, and 5 – Glossel, of the 4th Age. Olga died of old age in 4A 43, at 70. Boromir followed her three years later, in 4A 46 at the age of 89, while on campaign against the orcs in the Mountains of Ash. For reasons unknow he rode to his last battle without armour and succumbed to his many wounds. Devoran succeeded them as Duchess, with Konrad Slimfingers, Eomer King's bastard, as her consort. . ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() . 4th Age year 51, 12th March. As seen by of 2nd daughter of Boromir and Olga, Duchess Regnant of Anorien Devoran daughter of Boromir. She looked around at her riding companions. Her younger sister Glossel and her daughter Glawareth. Her own two daughters – Amathel and Badhor. Her niece Thannel – in full rebellion against her mother's excessive femininity. Her two ladies in waiting. A few shieldwives and shieldmaidens of Anorien – mostly her mother's ex-attendants or their daughters. The Eorlinga contingent was quite strong this year – starting with the Princess Eoforhilda who was like another sister to her. All in all eight - mostly quite aristocratic - ladies of the Riddermark. And even one woman from Ithilien. A full score. She smiled – the highest attendance ever without the Wraithsbane herself. She loved the ride – three days plus the night from the 14th to 15th in the saddle. No wagons, no servants, using only what they carried in their saddlebags. Exactly like the Riders of the Mark with Father and Aunt Eowyn had ridden 53 years before. They were even following the same route. Mother had somehow negotiated passage through the Stone Wain Valley with the Wild Men. For 20 fattened pigs gifted every November, once a year women riding under the banner of the red circle with cross underneath on white field were granted passage through the Druadan Forest. A sausage free – as her Mother would say – outing was welcome. No husbands or children underfoot – just the sun in the face and the wind in the hair. This was her tenth time leading the Ride since Mother had passed away and the nineteenth overall. Yet it still seemed somewhat wrong. Mother had initiated the Ride in the third year of the Fourth Age, four years after the Duchy of Anorien had been created. Then she had led it for many years, with interruptions for late pregnancy or post labour recovery or illness. The last few years she barely made it and had to return by carriage. She had been pissed off, Mother confessed, by the celebrations in year 3 of the 4th Age of Pellenor Day where the Wraithsbane had become a "Rider of Rohan". So next year she shocked the garrison and the Minas Tirith Court by showing up with her ladies in waiting at the Rammas Echor at dawn of the anniversary of the Battle of Pellenor Fields and blowing horns. This got them through the gates and caused an uproar in the garrison believing the Haradhrim to be upon them. Then they rode to the spot where Théoden had fallen. There, beating swords on their shields, they hailed the feats of Eowyn, the Wraithsbane, and all the women fighting that day. Today there was a separate monument to Eowyn, lest anyone dare to forget that it was "no man" who killed the Witch King of Angmar. She beckoned the horn blower and the signal sounded beneath the snow-capped Min Rimmon. As the gracious hostess she deferred to the Eorlinga Princess, Eoforhilda Eomersdottir, to cry „Ride! To Mundburg! To Minas Tirith!" – she repeated the city name in Westron. The twenty women swung their breeches clad legs over their horses' backs and mounted their steeds. They rode into the rising sun, the dust slowly accumulating on their helmets and chainmail. The 47th Ride of the Valkirias had begun. . AN: Italics are revised relevant passages of Blood Curdling Sight Seeing, Chapters II and III. Rohirrim wedding traditions by ZeesMuse – "Love, Rohirrim style", Chapter XII As a reminder - Westron is NOT English; Olga has been learning it since VIII.3019 TA, this is the summer and autumn of 3020 hence "me Tarzan, you Jane" speech pattern. Without Annafan this story would not had been written.