found, to my surprise and wry amusement that for all my talent in understanding the hearts of men, my father's someone I would not-and never will-completely understand. It was an exasperating thought. "And what keeps you from sleep, my lord?" I asked him in turn. Aragorn gave a soft laugh and leaned over to the window, one battle-worn hand pressed against the wall. "The silence of empty halls and the lack of activity of nightly animals," Aragorn said with a smile. Then he shook his head, "I am too accustomed to the Wild, I fear." His smile faded and we settled into untroubled, companionable silence. Then the king sighed. He turned his attention towards me and said gently, "Your father was good man, and he loved you greatly, as much as he did your brother. The War was too hard on him, and the Dark Lord played with his fears and twisted his perception for his own amusement and gain. The palantír served him ill in the end, with Sauron gifting him with false news and plans. He was a good man, turned away from the path because of what the Dark Lord did to him." He placed his hand on my shoulder and offered me a consoling smile. "Do not torture yourself over your father's actions. What is done is done. To dwell on the past only brings unhappiness and a new life in a new world awaits you, my steward. It is one that I have no doubt Denethor would wish for you, if he were unbroken from the War and alive." With that, he squeezed his hand upon my shoulder, declared it was time for him to retire and left. His words of a new life in a new world first brought Éowyn to my mind, along with Pippin and my men. I also thought of Beregond and found, to my delight, I was surrounded with people I knew and loved, and served a king I knew was just. When he was gone, I finally understood. My father, in all accounts, was just a man, with flaws and values. There was no excuse for his mistakes, but there was no excuse for his undying love and care either. The conclusion brought me more peace and relief than I could put in words. I sighed softly, and the mystery around my father's actions faded from my mind. The churning emotions of grief and numbness settled and I saw my father for who he really was; simply a man, who lived out his lifetime with his choices. Weariness returned, I returned to my quarters and set my sword in its place. I tugged off my boots and leaned over with elbows resting on my thighs. Sudden inspiration came upon me and I left my bed and reached the trunk at the foot of the bed. I unlocked it and searched through my belongings. My hand unseeingly found what I was looking for. I felt the sensation of cold, hard metal forming a small figurine under my fingers. I tugged it free and retrieved it. When I stood on my feet, I held up the toy iron soldier until moonlight shone over its surface. I was slightly amused. The iron soldier was of exceptional craftsmanship. The arms even moved, with fine wires attached between the arms and chest. It belonged to a large set my brother and I shared. I did not know what became of the set. Perhaps it was hidden somewhere in the numerous crates hidden in the attic. Boromir and I each took one iron soldier more out of giddy mischief than anything. I do not know what became of Boromir's counterpart. Perhaps he kept it in his belongings when he travelled to Rivendell. I certainly didn't find it in his room. The thought of his own soldier, hidden somewhere in his pack while he travelled to sea brought some measure of comfort to me. It was a connection between us. Sleep came just before daybreak, and with the fresh morning air, came the sweet dreams of childhood. oOo "You are quiet of late." The softly spoken voice broke through my thoughts. I looked beside me, at the young slim woman with her wheat-gold hair. Éowyn's expression was quizzical. "Forgive me," I apologised. "My thoughts were elsewhere. Pray say that again." Éowyn made an impatient noise. "Forget what I meant to say. It concerns Éomer setting the bride price but we can speak of it later." She waved it away in dismissal and I was amused. Had it not been the fact that we were chaperoned from a short distance, I would have taken a liberty. Her voice became insistent. "Tell me what weighs on your mind." She was gentler than before; she lost the harsh and grim demeanour I first saw her with. But she was still bold and honest. Of that I was grateful. I complied with her wishes. "I was thinking of my father and mother." I said. I watched as her face became guarded. She was wary, like everyone else were when I hinted my father. But at least she didn't shy away. "And what of your mother and father?" I said nothing at first. Instead, I raised my hand and ran my fingers through her shining golden hair until my hand rested on the mantled shoulder. The cloak suited her more than I realised. It almost seemed as if it were made especially for her. I captured one of her hands in mine and led her to a nearby bench, which faced a running fountain. The spray was cool and cast a small rainbow from the fountain. We sat down and I pressed a brief kiss on her hand before laying it on my lap, still within the warmth of my hands. "Let me tell you," I began, "who they really were, from the eyes of son who loved them dearly." ~S~ Author's Note: Edited and revised 7/2/2016. Please read and review!