sure?" " Aye, I am sure." Thranduil smiled just a little and dug into his food. The food was too spicy for his liking, the taste quite different from the musky forest herbs they used for their food. " Enjoy the food, then." Thorontur advised him. "You can torment the poor boy and his queen later." Thranduil laughed and took in a morsel. oOo At night, Thranduil shifted restlessly in his bed. He sighed. Eleven years of peace but his senses still worked as if he lived in times of danger. It made sense. For more than two ages, Mirkwood had lived at the edge of an evil akin to the evil of Mordor. Thranduil got up from his bed and slowly made his way out of his bedroom. The wind blew softly outside as he stood on the raised platform. Then he realized he was not alone. The Rohirric King was standing there as always. "You could not sleep?" Éomer asked in concern. "Is there a problem in your lodgings? Should I-" "Peace," Thranduil interrupted. A good lad, the Elven King thought inwardly. "I normally do not sleep much already. But tell me, what of you? Should you not be asleep?" "I am afraid sleep has escaped me tonight?" "Is there a reason behind it?" Éomer hesitated. The Elven King looked at him questionably. His smile was warm and welcoming. "Are you worried about your kingdom?" Thranduil asked him. Éomer looked back in surprise. "I understand the worries of a kingdom, boy." Thranduil said, his gray eyes looking up at the night sky. Éomer looked at the night sky as well. "May I ask you something?" Éomer asked hesitantly. Legolas always said that his father had an aura that was secure and heartwarming. "What is it?" "Have you ever felt fear that your kingdom would be in trouble if you fell asleep?" "Is that what worries you?" "I feel as if I am answerable for even the smallest thing of the kingdom if I show a moment of neglect." "Taking rest is not neglect, lad." It is strange to be called 'lad' by someone who looks so young, Éomer thought fleetingly. Thranduil slowly traced the intricate designs on pillar next to him. "You must know that the only way to better serve your land is to take the necessary measures for your sleep." "Do you do so?" Éomer could not help asking. "I do not." Thranduil commented wryly. "But I am older than you and with more experience and before you comment any more like my son is wont to do-" "I was not going to, Your Majesty." Éomer interrupted hastily. "Good, at least one of my son's friends know a little manners." "May I say something else?" "Aye," Thranduil said. "Your son is a nuisance." Thranduil gave a hearty laugh. Éomer smiled slightly. Thranduil's laugh was comforting and warm. "Tomorrow, I intend to travel on to Ithilien." "But you have only just arrived!" Éomer exclaimed. Then he grew worried. "Has something occurred of offense, Sire? Perhaps-" "Nothing of the sort." Thranduil said firmly. "But understand that I am a father and I wish to hasten the time when I meet my son. I will be coming back on this path when I return to my forest. Do not worry. I will stop by then. Perhaps you could even show me the graves of the Lothlorien warriors who fell at Helm's Deep. I would like to pay my respects." "Indeed. I would be honored to." "And now," Thranduil said, straightening. "I will go and perhaps take some rest. My people are overly protective of me, I fear. Seeing my bed empty will put them in all sorts of misconceptions." "Fair sleep, Your Majesty." "Fair sleep to you as well, lad." Thranduil said, patting the King's shoulder as he left. He is a good lad, Thranduil thought as he entered his room. oOo In the morning, Éomer and Lothíriel raised their hands in farewell as they watched the elven company gallop away from Edoras. "They stayed for only a short while." Lothíriel said in mild concern. "Is something wrong?" "King Thranduil had already planned to stay for a day. He wishes to meet with his son as soon as possible." "How did you find him?" Lothíriel asked her husband. Éomer rested his cheek on her head. "He reminded me of my father." Éomer said. "He reminded me of home." oOo Across the leagues from Edoras and deep within Ithilien, Thranduil met with his son four days later. "Did you meet him?" Legolas asked when the excitement died down and he had some personal time with father. "Aye, I did." Thranduil said. "Now would you tell me why you wanted me to meet him? I enjoyed my stay by the way. I am only curious." "You have a very comforting presence, father. He was becoming too stiff." Legolas said dismissively. "You and your antics, boy," Thranduil said, shaking his head fondly. "Speaking of which, I would like you to meet Amrothos, son of Imrahil…." Thranduil laughed heartily. "Later, my son. Later. Tell me about yourself first. How have you been?" Author's Note: Meh. The idea of the meeting came when I was reading about Eomer and Eowyn and the death of their parents. Then I was wondering how Eomer must have met the King of Mirkwood (or Eryn Lasgelen as it was later called). I imagined Thranduil as powerful and experienced leader of his people, but regarding his son, I imagined him to be more fatherly as the Eldar show great love for their children as well as for mortal children. Thranduil had supposedly left for Valinor after the War, though it is not certain when. So, in a way, Thranduil is assessing if the Kings of Men are strong enough to lead Middle-Earth into the new age. He is then satisfied when he realizes that Eomer is genuine for his cause to serve the people. Reviews are very welcome. :)