put a finger to his lips before glancing down at the sleeping Estel in his arms, and matching smiles appeared on the dark-haired Elves' weary faces as they entered the room. "Glorfindel," Elrond muttered with clear relief as he sat down on the bed beside his friend opposite the child, placing his hand on the Balrog Slayer's head to look him over. "How are you faring?" Erestor asked as he stopped behind the Elf lord. The smile had yet to leave his usually stern features. The twice-born warrior met Elrond's eyes as he checked for his pulse. "Exhausted," he answered honestly. "My side still... burns somewhat." Elrond caught the hesitance in his tone, as well as the silent message, and his eyes narrowed slightly with concern. "I will have to change the bandages on the morrow," he said thoughtfully. "Mayhap then the wound will be ready to stitch. For now, I will prepare some more herbs that will help the pain." " Hannon le ." Glorfindel watched the Elf lord as he stood and walked around the bed to get to the small table his supplies still rested on. Then, a small smile appeared on his face when Elrond paused, raising a curious eyebrow. "What happened here?" the master of Imladris wondered, his gaze resting on the floor before him. Glorfindel chuckled, knowing he had found the broken glass. "Estel was in the room when I awoke," he explained. "I... I must have startled him. He brought the water in here for me, I believe, and he dropped it. He was worried you would be angry, but I told him otherwise." Elrond smiled as he looked back at the other Elf lord. "Good," he muttered. "One broken glass is nothing to be angry over. I will clean it up once I give you the herbs." The golden-haired warrior nodded, watching as Elrond stepped around the mess and approached the small table. He faced it with his back to the bed, and Glorfindel realized he was giving him time with the chief advisor. He turned to the slender Elf, seeing the smile still lingered on Erestor's face, and grinned himself. "I shall have to do this more often," he said playfully. "It gets you to smile." Erestor was startled by the jest, the smile vanishing from his face as it was instantly replaced with his usual annoyed look. "Nearly getting yourself killed is not the way to go about getting a smile from me, mellon-nín ," he replied sternly. But as he gazed at the smile that still lingered on Glorfindel's face, he sighed as his own returned. "But seeing you are all right will suffice." Glorfindel's smile broadened. "I will keep that in mind the next time you threaten my safety when I am in the library," he muttered. The thin advisor stiffened. "Do not press your luck," he told him. "Most of the time when you are in the library, you deserve what comes to you." A moment of silence passed between them while Elrond took as much time as he could to prepare the herbs. Then, Glorfindel's smile waned slightly. "What would you do without me to keep your life interesting, Erestor?" he asked casually. Erestor's smile faltered as well. "I admit it would be rather uneventful," he answered. When Glorfindel held his arm out, the chief advisor leaned forward and wrapped his arms around him in a light embrace, careful not to wake the sleeping Estel. As he held onto the Balrog Slayer, Erestor did not want to imagine what would have happened if his closest friend had not woken. When they parted, Elrond walked around the bed and sat down opposite his foster son once more, a small bowl in his hand. "Here." Glorfindel took the bowl from his hand and slowly sipped the semi-sweet liquid it contained while Erestor pulled up a cushioned chair that Elrond often occupied to sit beside the bed, not planning on leaving the ward for the night. Once he was finished, he handed the bowl back to the Elf lord, who then set his hand lightly on the side of Glorfindel's head. "You do not have to fear the shadows anymore, mellon-nín ," Elrond whispered, his knowing gaze kind. "The flames are long since quelled, as has the darkness dissipated. There is nothing to fear while you are here." The twice-born warrior stared at Elrond in wonder for a long moment, seeing the small smile that graced his features. He was now certain the Elf lord knew what he had suffered, and he found himself grateful for it. It was much more difficult to bear the burden alone. Glorfindel then glanced down when slender fingers wrapped around his hand once more, glancing down at Erestor's hand before moving his gaze up to the small smile the chief advisor was regarding him with. He returned the look before tightening his own hand around the stern Elf's. He was not alone, he realized. Glorfindel moved his gaze from Erestor to Elrond to the sleeping Estel in his arms. He was surrounded by those who loved and cared about him, the ones he had come to call his family. The shadows of his past were far behind him. The Balrog Slayer's smile broadened as his eyes began to droop, knowing Elrond must have slipped some sleeping herbs along with the pain reducing ones, as he laid back against his pillows and felt as Erestor maintained his light grasp on his hand. "I can take Estel and put him to bed if you would wish," Elrond offered. However, Glorfindel shook his head. "Nay, Elrond," he said in a voice hardly above a whisper. "He may stay..." His sentence slowly trailed off when the herbs took effect, and he felt himself fall into a light sleep as the Elf lord gently pulled the blankets up closer around him and the child. Though this time, he was not afraid of what he would see. The End