a pleasant surprise to see you both," he said. But then, his smile was replaced with a smirk when his gaze moved to his older brother, his face still covered in sugar. "This is a familiar sight." "Do you wish to know something, Rúmil?" Haldir retorted, attempting to get the powder out of his eyes as he rose to his feet. There had been many times he had been on the receiving end of similar circumstances because of the younger Elf. "I loathed every time I was ever forced to watch over you." Rúmil smiled as he crossed the kitchen to the disgruntled captain. "You did not," he replied in jest. "You love me, muindor ." He then wrapped an arm around his older brother in an embrace, which Haldir shoved away. But the slight smirk that appeared on the latter's face proved the action was also in jest. "I suppose I must clean this later," Rúmil muttered, his laughter trailing off when he saw the sugar that was also coating the table and floor. Haldir's smirk broadened. "It is your duty around here," he reminded him, brushing more of the powder out of his hair and flicking it in his brother's face. Rúmil attempted a glare as he quickly wiped it away. "We apologize, Rúmil," Elladan suddenly said from where he and Elrohir were still sitting at the table. "We did not mean to create this mess." "Mayhap you should clean it for him." Rúmil quickly turned around at the sudden voice, surprised to see Celeborn leaning on the counter behind him with a small smile on his face. Haldir noticed that there was no trace of the fine powder left on him, and he shared a meaningful look with the twins as they silently agreed that the fact sugar had once covered the Elf lord as well would remain their secret. "I did not expect to see you, hír-nín ," Rúmil muttered, appearing slightly startled. "Though I assure you I do not mind cleaning this small mess. It is no problem." Celeborn's smile broadened slightly. "Aye, but my grandsons must learn," he told the young guard, holding up a couple damp rags as he gave the dark-haired Elflings a pointed glance. Elladan and Elrohir sighed. Cleaning the kitchen of Haldir and Rúmil's talan wore out the twins, since not only did they wipe up the powdered sugar they had inadvertently spilled on the table and floor, but they also rinsed all the dishes used in making the pastries that evening. Once the room was as clean as it was when they arrived, Haldir accompanied Celeborn and the Elflings to the flet he shared with Galadriel. Elladan and Elrohir played for a short while inside while Celeborn and Haldir watched from the chairs they occupied, but they were soon exhausted and each fell asleep on one of the older Elves' laps. "When they are asleep, they are almost as innocent as they were when they were infants," Haldir commented quietly with a slight smile, ensuring his arm was securely around Elladan. Celeborn chuckled as he carefully shifted Elrohir so he was resting more comfortably against him without rousing him. "It would be easier if they would not cause so much trouble," he agreed. "Though it is all part of growing up." Haldir nodded in agreement but otherwise said nothing. A long moment of silence passed between the captain and the Elf lord, the only sound being the twins' quiet, even breathing. Then, Celeborn glanced at the younger Elf. "Haldir, have you considered having children of your own?" he wondered. "I could not help but observe how comfortable you were around my grandsons today." Startled, Haldir quickly met Celeborn's gaze. "The thought has crossed my mind on occasion," he admitted softly, his light eyes moving back down to the sleeping Elfling on his lap. "I have wondered how it would feel to be a father." Then, a slight smirk appeared on his fair features. "Though after today, I believe I have had enough experience of having children to last me for quite some time." Celeborn smiled, glancing down at Elrohir as well. "Raising a child is one of life's greatest rewards, though also one of life's greatest commitments," he muttered as he turned back to the captain. "I hope you will one day experience it for yourself." Haldir glanced back at him, but before he could say anything in response, both he and Celeborn looked up when the door to the talan opened as Galadriel and Elrond entered. A smile appeared on the Lady's face as she walked toward her husband while the lord of Imladris approached the captain to take the sleeping Elladan. "I apologize we took longer than I had intended," Galadriel said, leaving a soft kiss on Celeborn's forehead before she ran her thin fingers through his silver hair and looked fondly down on Elrohir. "They were not much trouble, were they?" "Nay, híril-nín ," Haldir replied as he carefully handed the older twin to his father. "They were no trouble at all," Celeborn added with a small smile. He then handed Elrohir to Elrond as well before meeting his wife's gaze and taking her hand, noticing Galadriel was giving him a curious look. The twins slowly began to stir at the movement, and surprise filled Elladan and Elrohir's exhausted gazes when they found themselves in Elrond's arms. " Ada ?" Elrond smiled at his sons, lightly kissing each of their heads. "We will be spending tonight here and will begin our return trip home on the morrow," he told them quietly. Elladan nodded as Elrohir rubbed his eyes. Then, the older twin's face brightened up. " Ada ?" he asked. The Elf lord looked back at him curiously. "Aye, ion-nín ?" A broad smile appeared on Elladan's face as he looked from Haldir to Celeborn and Galadriel before his gaze landed on his father once more. "Can we spend another day with daeradar soon?" The End