from her family leave on a dangerous mission. Like Argon, he kept his farewell short and brief before leaving her alone in the war room. She was not sure how long she stood there, watching the empty doorway until Adelaide appeared, still looking anxious. "Calm down, Adelaide," Ivriniel ordered curtly. "The Enemy is not here, knocking on our front door and there is no reason to act like it. Come, I must see where my niece has run off to." Knowing Lothíriel, she usually fled to the library or to the gallery when she was upset, but these were unusual circumstances. She was likely to be found in her own rooms. Most of the palace corridors opened in free air, with numerous arches. Waterproof curtains were rolled up to the ceiling during a sunny day, but at the moment the servants were struggling to pull them down. Ivriniel looked up at the sky and saw the clouds were in turmoil. They were black, speckled with grey and she caught a glimpse of lightning rising deep in its belly. The sea matched the sky's mood, churning restlessly in anticipation. The wind was fierce, and it gripped Ivriniel's hair and tugged the shorter strands free from her pins. Ivriniel ducked her head and hurried through the corridor. She came upon her niece's chambers as soon as she stepped into the safety of the closed palace walls again. Lothíriel always preferred this wing of the palace because it overlooked the sea and the marketplace at a nearby distance. Ivriniel stopped by her door and rapped loudly with her knuckles on the polished door. "Lothíriel?" Ivriniel called her niece through the closed door. She heard nothing. The corridor grew steadily darker as the storm approached. She tried the door and found it unlocked. She dismissed her maid with a wave of her hand and entered. The room was cast in dim light of what little sunlight escaped the clouded sky. The air inside was moist and dank. Ivriniel hurried to the open windows and struggled to pull down the window-glass. "You will catch your cold, child!" She scolded Lothíriel, even if she was not sure where the girl was sitting. Her eyes weren't the same as they once were, given her love to read books in candlelight. Once she pulled down the window-glass on both windows of the room, she searched for her niece. Lothíriel sat on a large cushioned chair by the bookshelf. She shared Ivriniel's love for books, although she was kinder to her eyes. She didn't give any indication that she heard her aunt. Instead, she sat with her arms and legs crossed in the most unladylike fashion, still dressed in her daily light cotton dress she wore informally. Her black hair was unbound and it cascaded behind her in black waterfall. If Lothíriel was vain about anything, it was her flawless skin and her black hair. If she was dismal about any part of appearance, it was her hands and her button of a nose. But the girl had a good heart. She resembled Ivriniel so strongly that they could have been mother and daughter instead of aunt and niece. After Lothiriel's mother passed, Ivriniel took it upon herself to look after her. "You are not the kind of damsel to wallow in grief and sorrow, Lothíriel." Ivriniel said briskly. She marched up to her and sat on the armrest of Lothíriel's chair. "I will not have you create such drama." Regardless, Ivriniel placed both her hands on her shoulders and squeezed them in comfort. "They are all I have, aunt." Lothíriel whispered. Ivriniel pitied her a bit. Lothíriel was the only woman in a family of men. Her father and brothers empowered her and offered her strength to stand independently. She loved them fiercely for what they did. Now that all four of them, her father and three brothers, marched for war, Lothíriel was left alone. "Not all," Ivriniel corrected. "You have me." Lothíriel looked up and smiled at her. She placed one white hand over Ivriniel's hand. "Of course I do," she whispered. Ivriniel stooped and kissed her niece's forehead. "I am just worried for them." "We all are," Ivriniel pulled her close until her head rested against her lap. "We all are." Ivriniel turned her face towards the window. The curtains were still drawn back. Ivriniel absently rubbed Lothíriel's shoulders. Her sons were out there, fighting in the armada. The storm was fast approaching. She wondered if her sons' were prepared to brave the storm. It looked dark and ferocious from the safety of their room. What was it like on the waters? She didn't dare herself to imagine. "They are strong." Ivriniel said aloud. "I know you are worried, my dear, but we must be confident in their abilities. I have no doubt that our enemies will have a force to reckon with once they enter Gondor. We are not a nation to admit defeat without a fight." Lothíriel gave a watery laugh. Ivriniel felt a wave of love for her niece. Lothíriel was strong, and at least tried to strengthen herself when she wasn't. She was clearly close to tears. Ivriniel didn't remark on it, knowing full well she hated when someone noticed her crying. Instead, she gathered her close and gave her as tight a hug as possible. Ivriniel always wanted a daughter. So she treated Lothíriel like one. Knowing her niece, she knew there was no need to give lengthy speeches of courage and honour. "Have courage, my dear Lothíriel. We are strong." Ivriniel only repeated. The wind outside howled and screeched. Raindrops splattered against window-glass noisily. Silver lightning shot through the sky, casting the room in bright light. Thunder echoed the room, drowning out the noise of rain. The storm arrived. Author's Note: This is a bit of a test run, so we will see how it goes. You guys will have to let me know if you enjoy it though. :)