looked like his father, when the Fellowship was forged. Eldarion shook his head and continued to prepare for bed. LINE BREAK Dreams did not come easily to Eldarion. He found himself standing on a beach, the waves lazily lapping at his bare feet. But soon the waves grew more violent. The water turned dark and turgid. The skies clouded with angry black clouds. Thunder rolled, and white lightning flashed in the belly of the clouds. Eldarion stepped back hesitantly. The waves followed him. He ran as fast as he could deep into the land and the waves followed him, until all the land was consumed by water. Eldarion went under the waves and he inhaled water into his lungs. He flayed wildly, his arms trying to reach the surface but it was in vain. Something pulled him down, dragging him deep into the unknown depths of the Sea. At last his feet hit the bed of the Sea but then the scenery changed. He stood in the Citadel, with the gleaming sun above him. He looked up, and white branches shaded him from the sun. He peered at the White Tree, the one his father planted so many years ago. The leaves were shed, and the flowers were gone. The sky darkened, and the sun was shrouded by clouds. The White Tree slowly turned black, the smooth stem and branches shriveled and devoid of life. A single black flower bloomed directly above him. He heard his mother's voice in his ear, soft and caressing, "the Dark Tree must be cut from its roots." He nearly shot straight up from the bed, but his wife's familiar weight against his side kept him still. He glanced down at her, a young woman who had yet to give him children, fast asleep and blissfully unaware at her husband's unease. Eldarion lay still for a moment, and then delicately extricated himself from her embrace. She did not stir as he left their bed. He sought refuge on the balcony, with cool glass of water in his hand. He had waking dreams soon after he reached manhood. Neither of his parents had them, but his mother often told him that his uncles Elrohir and Elladan were sometimes plagued by them. Waking dreams were not always what they seemed at first. Some visions showed things that will never come to pass; others showed that which may come to pass if certain decisions were made and the rest were the kind that will come to pass no matter what choices were taken. Dreams were filled with symbolic meanings. A tree or plant, or sun or moon in a dream was not always what they seemed. He was sure of one thing about his dream; dangerous times were ahead. He was not sure what form or how. He heard a sleepy murmur from the darkness of his bedroom. "What is it?" His wife asked him softly. Eldarion glanced over his shoulder. "Nothing," he answered soothingly. "Go back to sleep." The sheets rustled and soon his wife appeared in her red dressing gown. Eldarion rumbled a laugh. "I thought wives were meant to obey their husbands." Eldarion teased, drawing her into his embrace with a single arm around her shoulders. "Wives are also meant to look after their husbands and stop them from fretting." She retorted. "I never fret." "Aye," she argued with a smile. "You do." "Alwen-" "If you think that I will retire to bed just because you order me, then you will have to think again." Alwen answered with a smile. "Come to bed, if you will not tell me what worries you." "My worries are too heavy for someone like you." Eldarion said ruefully. "Ah, yes," Alwen sighed. "You are old and weary, like an Elf with a mortal life. How can I ever compare myself?" "Sarcasm does not suit you." "Hm, it does not suit anyone." They laughed quietly and Alwen rested her head on his chest. A cool wind blew on their faces. "Tell me," she whispered. "What worries you?" "I already gave you my answer." "No, you parried. That is different." Eldarion threw back his head and laughed. He set down his goblet and embraced his wife. "I did right by marrying you." Eldarion said affectionately. "That is one choice I will not argue with." Alwen replied. Eldarion absently stroked her hair. "Is this about the religious followers?" Alwen asked. Eldarion started and pulled her away just enough to look down at her face. "How do you know about this?" He asked with a deep-seated frown. "Rumours are spreading." Alwen explained. "The servants are whispering and the nobles are gossiping. Whatever it is, it must be dealt with." "I agree," Eldarion muttered. Alwen hugged him. "But for now, let us sleep." Author's Note: This is a direct prequel to the "New Shadow" , an unpublished sequel that Tolkien worked on and later abandoned. As a result, I took a few liberties. Do not worry, this is an extremely short story. (Honest. No large sagas here. :P) This takes place roughly 115 years later after the destruction of Barad-dur. Eldarion : I imagine him with longer lifespan than expected, considering his father had mixed blood one side, and his mother is an Elf on the other (even if her lineage has mixed blood). Elboron: It is quite possible that he served Eldarion when he inherited the throne. It does not specify when he dies, so in my story, he dies roughly 20 years later after Eldarion became king. Barahir: He is either the son or the nephew of Elboron. Here, in my story, he is his firstborn son. Adrahil: Alphros' son is not mentioned in Tolkien's works, so I gave him a name, did a little calculation and placed Adrahil as Alphros' grandson. Do leave a review! P.S. The unnamed noble who left a part of his manor unguarded and open for anyone who needed money is based on a historical Muslim governor.