his daughters. Do you know the story?" "The Lord Protector was a hard and ruthless man. He exacted justice over many criminals, but he was gentle and tender-hearted with his daughters, whom he loved dearly." Ivriniel paused. "The criminals hated the Lord Protector, and sought to capture his daughters for revenge." Argon paused and looked upon the statue of the Lord Protector. "But a father's love is not to be underestimated." Argon shook his head. "It is nothing but a fable." "Many fables live on. There are more ridiculous ones. There is a creature half man and half horse-" "Someone mistook a Rohir riding his horse." Argon scoffed. "There is a creature in the form of a man with wings of an eagle from his back-" "The Eagles." "And another creature with the body of a woman and the tail of a large fish." Argon laughed at that. "I have personally heard of that one. The sailors have many ballads about beautiful young women of the Sea," Argon stopped and turned to Ivriniel. "They claim to find in love or unrequited love, at least, among these creatures... only to be eaten by them." Ivriniel winced. "Sailors have strange notions of love." "Do not tell them that." Argon said with a laugh. "They are very sensitive about love." "And what about you, my captain?" Ivriniel teased, looking up at him. "Are you sensitive about love?" "I believe I am," Argon said, looking at her. Ivriniel smiled, feeling warm. Their eyes broke away when a servant hurried towards them. "Lady Ivriniel," the servant greeted her with a bow. Then he turned towards Argon. "Sir Argon, Prince Adrahil requests your presence in the war chamber." Argon grimaced. "I beg pardon," Argon said. He patted the hand she placed on his elbow. "But duty calls for me." "I understand." Ivriniel assured him with a smile. He unhooked her hand from his arm and pressed a kiss on the back of his hand. "I didn't give you permission for that." Ivriniel said stiffly. Argon grinned. The servant looked at a nearby hedge as if it was particularly interesting. "I didn't ask." He confessed. Ivriniel's lips twitched in unwilling smile. Argon bowed lightly at the waist and quickly excused himself. Ivriniel ambled back to where her chaperone sat, on a bench under a flowering tree. She looked up at the elderly woman when she reached her. "You make a terrible chaperone." She told the matron. The woman only laughed and went back to her embroidery. It was not lost on Ivriniel that Argon was actually likeable. He had amusing stories to tell and he never ran out of new topics to discuss. Soon, she began missing the squabbles before their courtship. "You are jesting." Argon exclaimed in surprise when she confessed. "I am actually quite serious." "Valar beyond, woman. I thought you hated me then." "I did." Ivriniel agreed, causing Argon to laugh. "But I did enjoy it somewhat." "Well, I do not think it is wise to antagonise a woman while one is courting her." Argon explained. "Strange. I never considered you the kind to actually care about manners." Argon flashed a grin. "I can behave when I need to." "Need to?" "A fair lady once told me that I need to marry. I have found a woman likely to keep my feet firm and I need my best behaviour to convince her to marry me." Ivriniel felt warmth creep over her cheeks. She fought it back in vain. "Now, you are simply overdoing it." She said. "I am praising you." "Is that what it is? It sounded more like a proposition hidden behind sweet words." "I know a word for it." "Oh?" "Call it seduction then," Argon relented with a laugh. Ivriniel laughed with him. "It is no wonder you cannot marry, if that is all the skill you have as a seducer." "You wound my heart." Argon placed a hand over his heart in apparent hurt. "You'll survive." Ivriniel said wryly. "I will, if you agree to wed me. I can offer you many days filled with all the squabbles you desire." "Now I would only call it an ultimatum." Ivriniel quipped. Argon laughed merrily and kissed her hand before she could stop him. "My lady," Argon said with twinkling eyes. "I shall look forward to my life with you." With a deep bow, Argon turned on his heel and walked away. "I may say no!" She called after him. "You will say yes!" He called over his shoulder. "Now I will say no!" Argon only laughed in answer. oOo Imrahil sat with his father on a platform facing the green and lush gardens. He took a sip from his glass, the sweetness of peaches lingering on his lips. "She said yes." Adrahil said wryly. "So I heard." Imrahil matched his wry tone. "I saw her giggling, Imrahil. Can you believe it? Ivriniel... was giggling like a young maiden on a harvest dance!" Argon and Ivriniel appeared from the shadows of trees, arm in arm. Ivriniel's cheeks were flush with laughter. "Argon will never have a dull moment in his life." Adrahil noted. "And Ivriniel can handle a man like him." Imrahil added. Then he laughed. "If anything, she will douse his budding pride like water over fire!" END ~S~ Author's Note: There! I can be romantic… take that, my dear friends who teased me! :P This is directly connected to the "Lady in Red" storyline. I meant to continue that one, but since I like to do a character study first, I decided to write this little story to help me with Ivriniel's characterisation. "Happy is the man who finds a true friend, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife."- Franz Schubert. King Aldor- He was the third King of Rohan, famously known to bring its golden age. He increased the lands of Rohan by conquering surrounding territories from the Dunlendings. Do leave a review! :)