Celeborn replied, his voice just as quiet. "We were eager to provide help where we could. And elves in the pits of Dol Guldur were our kith and kin." Another silence fell upon them, this time less awkward. "What were you thinking about when I had come upon you?" Celeborn asked, breaking it. "I was only thinking about how far I had come." Thranduil replied. "I started from the city of Doriath and fate had brought me here with my father and what was left of my people to this forest. And all the trials I had seen throughout my years had finally brought me here." "And we have finally gotten rid of the evil that had plagued us." Celeborn said. "Aye," Thranduil said. "We have." He was still stunned, in truth. He had fought the shadow for so long that he could not simply believe that it was all… gone. They were free at last. Already the forest looked livelier, fresher and sweeter. They were vary, but now there was nothing to fear any longer. "How did you do it?" Celeborn's question broke into his thoughts. "How did I do what?" "You have looked after your people well, Thranduil. Without the aid of any ring or any other power. It makes me wonder how you managed it all?" Thranduil looked away and thought. It was true. He often wondered himself. It was not easy and it had been time-consuming. He could still remember every separate day he spent striving for his kingdom. it needed everything from him; his experience, his feelings, his thoughts. He devoted all of them to the sole purpose to look after his people, to give them a home they always loved in the forest they always loved. And that was where the answer lay. With one finger of his pointing and the rest curled, he silently swept it around the scene. When the gesture completed, he got up and turned to leave a baffled lord of Lothlorien behind. "You have not answered my question, Thranduil!" "I have, Celeborn!" "You only swept your hand towards your people!" "That was my answer." Thranduil replied, for he knew now in his heart that that was what had fueled his desire to serve his people. ~S~ Author's Note: A bitterly cold day and a cup of coffee just called for a one-shot. I know, I know. This was completely different from my usual style of writing. Let me explain. I found this one lying around among my stuff. It had started out as a... character sketch dump, shall we say. When I first came to ffn, I used to write stuff to explain a certain character. So it was a like a character sketch over which my stories would be based upon. My old readers would recognize my OCs, Fion and Arodien from their respective stories found in my profile. Legolas and others were much easy to map out but Thranduil was a little hard for me. From the first time I read about him in the Hobbit, I found him to be a complicated character at first glance. The first thing to strike me was the fact that he took his duty as a king very seriously. So that was the main factor of this one-shot. Now throughout the one-shot, you would see him going through different emotions or phases of his life. Each one was something that defined him. I wanted to show him in all those stages of life... something like a glimpse. I think Thranduil is a character who was shown woefully little in all Tolkien stories, that often leaves one wondering "What was going on in Mirkwood at that time?" For me, at least, I wondered what his life was like. A father, a husband, a king who had come to the crown in battle, and a lone guardian of his people with no such aid from the ring of power like Galadriel and Elrond. And his evil stood at the very edge of his stronghold where his people were held as prisoners. It made me wonder more and more about him, and how he was like with the crown. In my stories, I usually depict Thranduil with humor matching his son's but with an underlying sadness to him. The ecperiences here show his sadness more strongly. So that was what I was going for. In the end, it was his people who had put fuel into his desire to protect them and to take care of them in the same way as they had taken care of him when he came to them. I also wanted to show their love for him, because why else would they follow him as their king? Anyway, tell me what you think. :) Good? Bad? Let me know! Some facts:- 1. It is believed that Thranduil and Oropher had come from the city of Doriath. They had fled the city on its Sacking in the Second Kinslaying by the Feanorian Princes when they came for the Silmaril. They had then travelled to Mirkwood, that was called Greenwood at that time. There, Oropher became their king and the line continued there. 2. Some think that Thranduil already had a wife and others think that he had married one of the wood-elves (on the basis whether Legolas had golden hair or black). However, I am going with the latter version. 3. It is believed that both Oropher and Celeborn were distantly related to each other through Elu Thingol, King of Doriath. So they were kin. 4. Oropher had died in a reckless assualt in the Last Battle of the First War of the Ring when he charged onto the enemy. He was killed in that attempt and Thranduil came to the crown upon the battlefield. So he was the king throughout the Third Age. Some believe he had lingered in his forest till all his people set sail. While others believe that he had sailed shortly after the Ring-bearers.