sound of running water told Taesel a bath was near ready. "Marriage does mean to make sacrifice for the sake of another but you get a friend, a companion and a mate for your life." Berethil said. "Maybe you would enjoy such a life." "But I never truly enjoyed the life I want to live." Taesel said. "Father tells us his stories when he spent his time in the Wild. I want to see places. I want to see what it's like out there, but not with an entire escort of guards, nobles, pack horses and entertainers. Just I and some bare few. Just to see what it is like." "It is not a glamorous life," Berethil cautioned. "You will sleep on hard ground, be soaked to the skin in the rain. Your supplies may spoil or you may be robbed or killed." "Father spoke of it like he loved it." "Sometimes events are dearer when they are old enough to be just memories. Many of the people who journeyed the Wild find it better to dream of it rather than truly experience it." Berethil said, "Even your uncle. Legolas was very different than he is now." "Really? Uncle?" Taesel said. Her morose expression fell away to interest. "Oh yes," Berethil said. "Your uncle had a mischievous streak in him. And Arandur, Dorián, Nimon, Noron. All of them were age-mates, you see. So they were almost inseparable. I used to look after them." "You?" Taesel asked, grasping her knees with both of her hands. "Yes. My husband, Hanon, was the Head Commander. And I stayed at the Rangers' Circle where all of us Rangers and apprentices resided. No families were there though. So I was like their mother." "That must have been exciting." "Oh, imagine being a mother of many lively and curious boys, all of them the same age, at once. Nimon once put ink in his mentor's tea just to see what would happen." Taesel laughed. "What happened?" "Oh, his mentor was annoyed that he was tricked by a young apprentice. He shook him a little and then started to laugh when he saw the amusing side of things. Legolas didn't like one of the older Rangers very much and used to drop almost anything on his head if he ever passed his talan." Taesel laughed again. Try as she might, she can't imagine Legolas this way. He always seemed so soft-spoken, so quiet and withdrawn. It was hard to see him as a lively young Elf with fresh ideas to cause some form of mischief. Berethil looked at her tenderly and brushed her stray hair from her face. "Don't you worry about a thing, my dear. If Legolas said he would look into the matter, then he will look into the matter." Taesel smiled. "Now, come. The bath is waiting." .*.*.*.* Near evening, Legolas finally finished his work. He rubbed his face wearily. At long last, they were all seeing results. Change was coming and people were more receptive than before. But that did not mean lesser work. It was not time for dinner, so he found someone to bring him coffee and he went to the higher balconies facing the practicing grounds. Last rays of sunlight broke down on the forest floor as it streamed through the leaves. There was still some activity, though not as much as it would have been in the morning. He found a few of the Ellyth playing archery. One of the Rangers, Arandur, was there with Taesel, throwing knives at a target. Legolas sipped the hot liquid. He studied Taesel. She was more beautiful than Taesel realized. Arwen's entire group of daughters inherited some part of her beauty. With Taesel, she was tall like her father and slim and slender like a straight wooden board. But her long tapering fingers and high cheekbones with a stubborn chin gave her instant character. She had her mother's long, dark hair. Taesel hit the target perfectly again and Arandur laughed and clapped behind her. Legolas smiled and took another sip. "She handles the knife well." A feminine voice murmured beside him. He looked to see Berethil standing beside him. "Some may say too well," Legolas said, turning his attention back to the practice. "I do not think there is anything wrong with that," Berethil said smoothly. "A girl should know how to protect herself. And a little freedom does not go too far." "I know, but she isn't one of us. In the end, she has to live here in Gondor, and I feel that maybe we have given her too much freedom." The Elleth shrugged. "She is like an Elf in a mortal's body. But it is said the love of Dunedain for the Wild will never fade from their hearts. Mayhap she took more to the longing than the rest of her siblings." She tilted her head towards him. "Is all well? You have been spending a lot of time in your study recently." "It is nothing." Legolas said. "The war was not easy on us. There are some things I simply needed to look over." "What will King Elessar say when he finds his daughter is missing?" "I should say he must have noticed right about now." "So I should expect some more guests." "Yes." Author's Note: -This is just the first chapter, something like an introduction. It will pick up from the second chapter onwards. -This is so different from what I usually write. -This is going roughly six to ten chapters. -So do tell me what you think. :) -The War- The war that Legolas is speaking of, is the war that Gondor and Rohan had against the Haradrim. This is canon. - List of OCs: Dorián: Mirkwood Elf. Silva. Married to Arodis. Arandur: Mirkwood Elf. Silva. Married. Berethil: Mirkwood Elf. Silva. Married to Hanon. Hanon: Mirkwood Elf. Silva. Former Head Commander. Married to Berethil. Bornivon: A noble from an influential family with lands just outside Dol Amroth.