be helped." Amdir said. "There is no way we can help him." "I tried everything. I tried to make him help me, to talk to me but nothing would work." Three months passed. Spring season turned to summer, the heat increasing greatly. With so many orphans in the orphanage, it was unbearably hot, and children were quarrelling and fighting among themselves. Constance was having trouble controlling them. He sat by the window, pouting out his lower lip and he gazed outside, not seeing anything in particular. Then he heard Amdir enter the orphanage. He jumped when he felt a hand touch his shoulder. He looked up to see the young man standing above him. "Come, little one. There is someone who wants to meet you." He frowned in confusion. He had no family to take him in and he had no friends outside his orphanage. He did not know who would wish to meet him. He uncurled from his seat and followed the young man. Amdir led him forward till they reached to a room near the entrance of the orphanage. His heart skipped a beat. Orphans go in there when there is someone looking to adopt a child. Amdir opened the door and let him go through. He found someone sitting by a table, head turned away. He was dressed as a traveler, with dusted green and brown garments and large green cloak over his shoulders. He then turned his head at the sound of the door opening and he saw it was an elf. In fact, it was one of the potters from the festival, the one making the duck. The elf smiled down at him and raised out his hand. He suddenly understood the meaning about being brought here and the elf present there. He felt strange and his lower lip trembled a little. He hesitantly raised his hand and placed it into the potter's outstretched one. The elf's smile was kind and understanding, and his hand was gentle and soft, perhaps because he spent most of his time handling wet clay. No, he realized he was not near to tears and he was not even happy. He was scared. He was scared that he would be all alone again. He was scared that he would find something happy in studying with him, only to have it taken from him. He was scared that the elf would take him in and then leave him, just the way his father had done. His lower lip trembled violently at his thought. The elf, unaware of the boy's inner turmoil, placed his other hand on top of the boy's, rubbing it soothingly. "Good evening, little one." The elf said. 'Little one'. Everyone called him that. Ever since he came to the orphanage, nobody used his real name. It hurt. He was a person. He had a name. "My name is Handor." The potter said. "What is yours?" He blinked. It was the first time somebody asked his name instead of demanded it of him just because they had to drop him to the orphanage. Constance was introduced to him, so she never asked him his name. "Amroth. My name is Amroth." He replied. "Well, Amroth. I saw how you were looking at us work some months ago in the Elven Festival. Do you like to watch pottery?" Wordlessly, Amroth nodded, black curls bouncing with the movement. "Would you like to learn it?" Learn it? Orphans never learned anything. They were put out to work in the farms when they became older, to be at the farmers' beck and call. Some had good masters, while the others had bad ones, running them to the ground and casting them away when they were no longer of some use. Anyone else who knew what was going through his mind would wonder at all the dark thoughts the child had, but Amroth had seen war through his eyes. He had aged far more than a child of ten summers should. "Are you going to leave me?" Were the first words that came out of Amroth's mouth. Something flashed through Handor's faced, shock, surprise, comprehension and then ended in sadness. "No, Amroth. I will not leave you in my own design. What fate has in store for us is something I cannot promise." Amroth still studied his face. Handor looked back steadily before breaking eye contact. "I have something for you." Handor lifted one hand to reach for the satchel he had slung over his shoulder. He shifted around for a bit and then pulled his hand out with something clutched in it. Handor brought it in front of Amroth, opening his fist. There, on the palm of an elven hand, was resting a small duck made of clay. The detail was exquisite, with the feathers and the tail. The bottom part of the duck was flat so that it could rest on a surface without a problem. "If you wish, I could teach it to you, how to work with clay. Do you want to learn?" Amroth took the duck in his hands, cradling it. In the elf's hand, it seemed too small but in his, it was perfect. He looked up at Amdir. In spite of his time in the orphanage, which was neither terrible nor comforting, he trusted Constance and Amdir. If they thought well of the ones coming to take in the orphans, then he was comforted. "Yes, I want to." ~S~ Author's Note: Told through the eyes of a child. Amroth is an OC and orphan of a soldier. It is said after the War, Aragorn and Eomer fought in the east. Children do withdraw in orphanages due to the large numbers of orphan present there and lack of adult attention. Fear of loss is also great in them. Lady Arodis is an OC, daughter of Himben. Elf of Erny Lasgelen. She is Dorian's wife. Dorian is an elf who appears in numerous tales of mine. Please read and review.