two of my soldiers whom I had lost." "I am sorry to hear it. Her parents are both alive. This will grieve them greatly. Thank you for your help in bringing back the rest." "We also bring back booty that we acquired from the conquest. There are bed furs, clothes, money and horses. I expect they will be of some use." Thranduil indicated the packhorses that the men were already unburdening. "You should take them," Thorald said. "Your people were the ones who fought for us. It is only a just payment." "We are not sell-swords who want payment." "I did not mean to offend you. Consider it a gift then." Thranduil paused, not knowing what to say. "Take them." Thranduil heard the pride as well as the unspoken plea in the leader's voice. Pride, because no debt passed by them without having paid for them. It was a plea, because they could not handle their pride being wounded. But at the same time, Thranduil knew this was all they had. "When your man came to us, we initially refused to pursue the men. We told him that they were beyond our borders." Thranduil said. "He reminded us that we cherish our young, and we protect them from harm. If any harmed our children, we would hunt them down till we spilled their blood on the ground and hung them up for the world to see. If a child's life is safe, then no riches in the world can pay for it. And our company lost one girl. We cannot take these gifts. Keep them. May they serve you well." "We do not let our debts linger." "Consider that we do not have a debt then." Thranduil answered, "Merely our agreement over the forest." Thorald smiled. He was sharp enough to see what Thranduil had done. "Thank you." Thorald said. Thranduil nodded, letting the matter at rest. "Your men can hunt for two weeks deeper into the forest. At the end of two weeks, I wish not to see any of your hunters beyond what we agreed for gaming. As for the healing herbs you may need, my healers will send you the supplies that you may need double the amount if you pay." Thorald nodded. "You may stay and rest for a while." "No," Thranduil said. "I have been far from my home too long. We ride." When they returned, Thorontur cornered Legolas again. "He has changed." Thorontur said. His brow was furrowed. "What happened?" "I don't know." Legolas said. "I think something changed him during the fight. He seemed more alert, more focused than before." "He had something to fight for." "That could be it." "Where is he now?" "I saw him last leaving for his chambers." Thorontur went up to meet Thranduil within an hour. He found him sitting in front of the fire in the parlour, his feet resting on the footstool in front of him. The king was dressed in light gold and deep red clothing, with patterns of leaves stitched across his back. "Berethil's designs suit you," Thorontur said, startling Thranduil out of his musings. "I noticed." Thranduil said. "She intends to change my entire wardrobe." "So you have days of turning into a pincushion ahead of you." Thranduil laughed. He laughed more since he returned, Thorontur noticed. "I hope not. There was a reason I give my measurements only once." "Different designs beg for different measurements." "You always show my future to be bleak." "You wouldn't have it any other way." Thorontur stood in front of Thranduil, his arms crossed over his chest. Thranduil stared into the fire. His eyes had a faraway look. "Do you remember I told you that there were times at night when I saw my father lying on the battlefield?" Thranduil asked eventually. "Yes," Thorontur drew out the word warily. Thranduil smiled. "I do not dream of it anymore." "When did it stop?" "After the battle, I think." Thranduil said. Silence fell between them until Thranduil stirred again. "Tell the kitchens to prepare the feast and the Rangers to find us a good spot in the forest. We will dine outside tonight." "Outside?" Thorontur asked blankly. It had been many years since they dined outside. "Outside," Thranduil affirmed. "After all the forest is won." "Alright," Thorontur felt he was in a dream. Thranduil sounded… normal. Thorontur turned to retrace his tracks but Thranduil's voice stopped them. This time, there was some amusement mixed in it. "And Thorontur, the next time I hear you and my son use your mornings to discuss me, I shall find myself another advisor and you will find yourself lacking a king to follow." Thorontur did not turn, and he could not stop the growing smile of relief on his face. "I wouldn't dream of it, Sire." He took another step before finally giving into the curiosity. He turned around and asked, "What changed?" Thorontur only asked. Thranduil understood. "I learned to put the past behind me." Author's Note: Legolas- I know a lot of fanfiction stories portray him as younger than the children of Elrond, but I always considered him to be far older than them. One of the reason is that he says the Fangorn Forest is so old that he almost feels young again. Fangorn Forest was present sometime in the end of the First Age. So this, at least is my interpretation. Thranduil- The Last Battle is said to be horrific in its own right. The Battle had last not in months but years. I think the Mirkwood Army suffered a lot in it. You do not forget such things easily. Thorontur- A loyal advisor and an elder Silva. He was a chieftain before Oropher became king and he advised Oropher and later Thranduil in their reigns. Thranduil's manner- A loss of father, the sailing of his wife, and the sudden kingship tends to leave one more solemn. Thranduil is more serious here than he had been in my stories.