"Oh, I am sorry," Thranduil said, not sounding the least bit sorry. "I truly did not intend to do that!" "Juvenile," Thorontur hissed. Thranduil tutted. "Now, now, name-calling is not becoming of an advisor, particularly of such high rank as yours!" In spite of himself, Thorontur laughed. oOo Edoras, Rohan, The Sea-longing kept him awake, tugging on his heartstrings. Pulling on a light shirt over his trousers, he made his way barefoot outside. The world was silent and the night was bright with stars. And he found, just like in the previous trip to Edoras, that he was not alone. "We really should stop meeting like this." Thranduil said. Éomer started out of his thoughts. He, too, seemed to have come out bed, dressed in light shirt and trousers, his golden hair tussled. "I hope there was no problem in the rooms provided to you." "The rooms were fine," Thranduil said. He stood beside Éomer, leaning against the great pillar just like the younger king was doing. He tilted his head up to the sky, closing his eyes and basking in the light of the full moon. "It is said that when the Sun rose it brought great confusion among the Elves." Thranduil said, enjoying the moonlight. "And it grieved them when they no longer saw the stars. But then the Sun set and the stars shone much more brightly in the sky." "You did not witness the ascent of the Sun?" "I was born after it." Thranduil replied. Fresh gust of air blew against him, caressing his hair and his cheeks. "My advisor said that these will be your last travels." "He speaks correctly." "Will you never return?" "I do not know." Thranduil said, opening his eyes and looking at the king. "The thought of Aman appeals me. But we Elves will always be connected to Arda Marred." He smiled. "It is our home. We were born here. We have lived here. But our time is now at an end. One day we will come again, but for the moment, the Men will rule." Éomer leaned back fully on the pillar behind them. "Does it worry you? That the Men will leave here?" Thranduil paused. It did worry him, to be honest. He knew the depth of evil a Man could harbour in his heart. There were conceited Men. There were Men with greed for fame, power and wealth and would do anything to acquire them. There were Men who slithered like snakes on a floor and then there were Men strong and uncorrupted like Estel. And then there were Men who were honest and fierce like Éomer. "I do," Thranduil said honestly. "But if there are people like you, then I am content. There is hope left in Men." "I did not think I would gain your approval after everything that has happened." "Remember to keep the past in the past." Thranduil reminded him. "What happened between you and my son had its consequences but both of you reconciled after it and your country became stronger in the end. Your son is well and you are well-loved. That is all that you need. As for Legolas, he places more trust in you than I did at first. And Legolas' trust is not often misplaced." "That is a great compliment to hear." Thranduil smiled. oOo Edoras, Rohan, They had stayed for three blissful days. Thranduil and Thorontur managed to form a flimsy truce and kept the silent mischiefs and banter to the minimum, much to everyone's silent relief. "On the behalf of my company as well as myself, I thank you for your hospitality." Thranduil said to King Éomer on the platform of the Golden Hall. Thorontur rolled his eyes behind Éomer before stepping forward and taking his place beside Thranduil. "We further apologize again for any inconvenience we caused." Thorontur said. "It is good to know that while our people leave the Hither Shores, Arda will be in good hands." "In the words of the Halflings, it will be indeed a pity to see such fair people leave Arda." "Yes," Thranduil said brightly, jovially. Éomer blinked. He had not expected such a surprising turn of conversation. "It will be. Now the world will be much more boorish without us. Splendid weather for traveling. Farewell." With that Thranduil turned on his heel and made down the steps. "Farewell," Éomer said belatedly. Behind the Rohirric King, other Men looked just as bewildered by Thranduil's sudden change. Naturally, it was on Thorontur to smooth things over. "Sea-longing," Thorontur announced, placing his hands behind his back. "It does strange things to an Elf." He could have found a more elegant excuse, but his own heart tugged towards mischief. Staying around with that Thranduil son of Oropher was NOT healthy. "You could say," the corners of Thorontur's lips tugged mercilessly upwards but he managed to keep a straight face, "You could say he is a little touched in the head, curable only be crossing the Sea." After they exchanged farewells, Thorontur met Thranduil waiting for him at the foot of the platform stairs, with a raised brow directed at the advisor. "I heard that." Thranduil said, his voice trembling with hidden laughter. "Why in Arda did you make your own king looking like a raving madman?" "It is not as if you plan to stay. Once you leave, centuries will pass and this whole place will turn into dust!" "I knew the Thorontur who always looked at the bleak side of things was in there somewhere. But why me?" "Oh hush, I told you I like to make my own entertainment." It had been a week later when they came close to their forest. When they made camp, Thranduil sat with his advisor by the campfire. Thranduil stared into the flames, feeling oddly empty and restless. "Do you think we can stop by some Mannish settlement or some Mannish town?" He asked suddenly. "No." Thorontur snapped. ~S~ Author's Note: Please leave a review!