were given practice swords and they took their positions opposite to each other. Elves gathered eagerly around, the merrymaking by the stream and by the targets thinning down to watch the show. In the beginning, Thorontur and Thranduil circled each other. Each feinted but neither fell for the trap. Thorontur stepped forward, his sword nearly catching Thranduil if it were not for the fact that Thranduil's raised his sword at the last moment. After that, every time Thorontur advanced, Thranduil stepped lightly back. "Frightened, my liege?" Thorontur asked sardonically. "One must be careful not to fall in traps." "One must be careful showing fear in front of the people he leads." Thorontur retorted with a quirk of his lips. Thorontur gave a forward thrust and Thranduil blocked the blade and side-stepped, letting it sail past him. He used the pommel to smartly hit Thorontur's exposed side, making him stumble but the advisor recovered quickly and stepped back before Thranduil could take advantage. They circled each other once again. The silence was palpable. Everyone watched the show eagerly. No one dared to cheer for the king or the advisor, knowing it was wise to stay silent and wait for the winning side to emerge. Thorontur feinted to Thranduil's right but Thranduil saw through it and blocked Thorontur's blade on his right. He struck, was parried and retreated. Each searched for the other's weakness, but both were experienced fighters. "Did you know you favour your left more than your right?" Thorontur asked. He feinted again but Thranduil lightly stepped back. The king smirked. "Did you know you talk only when you don't see an opening?" "Lord Thorontur!" A single voice gave a cheer. "Whoever gave that cheer will be dismissed from service!" Thranduil called back, but his voice was full of mirth, leaving his words meaningless. Scattered laughter erupted. As he talked, Thorontur gave a full assault. Conversation died as Thranduil blocked each blow. Much to the king's dismay, he realized he was giving ground. "We are all victims of our own hubris at times!" Legolas called out. The tense silence broke into ripples of laughter. Thranduil broke through the blows and struck back, forcing Thorontur on the offensive. "I'll have you scrub kitchen floors for your cheek, boy!" Thranduil barked. He bore down on Thorontur while looking for any weaknesses. Then an idea came to him. Still bearing down on his advisor, Thranduil dipped his sword and let the tip scrape through the well-trodden dirt. He twisted it up, letting the dirt fly into Thorontur's eyes. The advisor stepped back with a gasp, eyes instinctively closing. Thranduil kicked him in the middle, sending him flying back to the ground. One foot pressed down at the wrist of his sword arm and the other on his other arm. He lightly touched Thorontur's neck. "Dead," he announced. "Yielded," Thorontur said. "Now get off of my wrists, Sire!" Thranduil stepped back, letting Thorontur rise and grab his sword. They greeted the cheers graciously and in the end, even Thorontur was laughing. "I win," Thranduil said. "The Valar must have your side, then, my king," Thorontur said. "But I will take comfort in the fact that I was the one who defeated you multiple times when you were but a prince!" Tankards were passed to the king and the advisor, contents sloshing against the sides. "Well-played," Legolas said. "So what does the victory accomplish, father?" "You will find out soon enough, but first-" Then Thranduil's hand shot out and grabbed Legolas by the neck. "Hubris, eh?" Thranduil asked, eyes glimmering. "Let me teach you about hubris, boy!" Legolas was still laughing while Thranduil walked, the king lightly shaking his son every now and then. When Thranduil reached the stream, he pushed his son towards it. Legolas landed into the stream with a splash but once he stood, the stream barely ended at his knees. "It was not even deep!" Legolas called. "That is an assurance." Thranduil retorted. "I can't have my only heir traveling to the Halls of Mandos so soon!" Legolas laughed. "Come! There is still some time to the break of dawn! There is much merrymaking to be had." "Nay," Thranduil turned twinkling eyes at Thorontur. "We must go through Thorontur's collections." Thorontur's scowl deepened but there was some humour mixed among it. At the return of the Halls, Thorontur and Thranduil lounged in the highest of the balconies with an open bottle and crystal goblets. The silence was companionable, settling upon them like a warm blanket in the chilly wind. At last Thranduil broke the silence. "We settled our argument on a swordfight." Thorontur hummed in reply. "I wonder what father will have to say to this." Thinking what the late king would have done made Thorontur laugh. Oropher by nature was a very private and quiet Elf, with aloofness in his character. He stood on firm beliefs, even though his heart was generous and brave. No doubt he would be appalled by the way the two handled the matter of the kingdom. But then, Thranduil was not his father. His ways were sometimes unorthodox, but then the Silvan Elves did not mind. They too, were informal. "He may be more surprised both of us drawn blades against each other and we escaped without Kinslaying." Then suddenly Thorontur's face changed until it became stormy. "You said in your promise that you will keep your silence had you suffered defeat. You said nothing about taking action." "Ah, wordplay was something my father taught me." "You would have taken a step without consulting me or your council!" "There is no need to raise your voice. You are ruining the wine and the scenery." "Valar deliver me from the House of Oropher!" "Keep praying," Thranduil said with a laugh. "It will be long ere your prayer is answered!" ~S~ Author's Note: Update 2015: Rechecked and re-updated. -Quote "We are all victims of our hubris at times", belongs to Kevin Spacey. -Good? Bad? Do tell. :)