placed the ship back on Círdan's table. "It's been a while." Legolas said. "We need to reach America." "I have a ship." Círdan supplied. "We have enemies on our tail." Legolas added carefully. Círdan smiled and shook his head. "You needn't worry about them." Círdan returned smoothly. "I have people to take care of for nuisances." Legolas raised both brows but he decided it was better not to ask. There was already enough on his mind. "I am sure you do." Legolas returned in just the same dry tones. Círdan flashed a grin at him, white teeth glittering in the lamplight. Legolas noticed Círdan kept the blinds shut for privacy. He threw a short gaze at the various framed documents behind Círdan. "Silver Star Line," Legolas read. "How did you come by the name?" "The light of Eärendil the Mariner guides us. And the stars have always been a seafarer's friends." "Now that's the poetic Círdan I once knew." Legolas said under his breath. But Círdan heard him and he laughed in return. "Don't you miss Aman?" "Indeed, I do." Círdan agreed. "I missed it dearly." He gestured Legolas to sit down. Legolas complied, sinking into the soft cushion of the chair. "I miss the beaches, especially, with white and blue gems strewn over the shores. I hear it is getting difficult living in Aman." Legolas' smile disappeared completely. "It is." Legolas' voice was barely above a whisper. He spoke so low, as if the evil that plagued Aman was capable of eavesdrop, as if the danger can somehow materialise over the distance until it fell right between them in the secluded office. "It's getting dangerous. We had no choice but to leave it behind and come here." "How long have you been fleeing from your enemy?" Círdan asked. Legolas found the shipwright's brow furrowed. He imagined how he looked; Legolas had no doubt he looked tired, weary, and eager for a good rest without the fear of ambush or attack. "It's been nearly a week." Legolas said. "We are a group of four Ellyn and six Ellyth. The Ellyth do their share. But even keeping the watch and changing it by the hour, shifting at even the slightest hint of our pursuers can be exhausting." "Oh, no doubt," Círdan agreed immediately. He ran his eyes over Legolas' form, noting the clean, new clothes and the style of the outfit. "You are certainly well-dressed for someone on the run." Círdan said in dry tones. He turned around until his back was towards Legolas and carefully pulled out a file. "I could say the same for the rest of your crew." "If you had seen us before, you'd know." Legolas said calmly. His English rolled off his tongue as if it was his native language. There was a faint hint of British accent to it. "We barely took baths, and our clothes were torn in pieces." Legolas gave a loud exhale. He was tired- tired of running. "We barely slept." Círdan turned around and walked up to the younger Elf. He pressed his hand on his shoulder in comfort. "You'll find rest here." He said, trying to put him at ease. Legolas passed him a small grateful smile. Círdan returned it with one of his own and released him. Legolas tilted his head lightly. "You left Aman." Legolas said. "Many wondered why." Círdan looked up from his iPhone. His lips were lightly pressed together. His jawline rotated. He looked pensive. "I was never the kind to live a life of peace." Círdan said. His voice was quiet. He looked up with a small smile. "The Sea is my mistress-" "-And I have long since given my love to it," Legolas finished. He smiled at Círdan. "It's a famous saying of the Teleri Elves." "Indeed," Círdan demurred. "What do you intend to tell your father once you meet him?" Legolas chuckled. "How did you know he was here?" Legolas questioned. "We have the same contact supplying us information." Círdan replied. Legolas made a soft 'ah' sound in understanding. Silence fell between them until Legolas finally spoke. "I don't know what I will tell him," Legolas admitted. "I think he will be very surprised to see us here." Círdan said nothing but he was listening attentively. Emboldened, Legolas continued. "He lived here for so long, and we barely heard anything of him." "I am sure he is still the same father you always knew." Círdan returned. "Not even a century has passed. An Elf can't change so fast." Legolas only frowned and said nothing. He had some doubts but he didn't voice them. Some fears were better left unspoken. An uncomfortable silence stretched out between them. "I have spare rooms in my house," Círdan said at last. "You will be safe there. Take the rest you need, and I will supply you and your friends with everything." Then the shipwright paused briefly. "Does… Thranduil know of other Elves living here?" Legolas winced inwardly. No, his father wasn't aware. He didn't want to tell him either. He doubted his father would react kindly if he knew. "No, Oromë said he didn't know." Legolas answered. He tapped his fingers over the surface of the desk. "I don't intend to tell him until its necessary." "I suppose that is for the best." Círdan conceded. Then he stood up. The chair screeched backwards as he did so. Legolas did the same. "Come on. Let me take you home." The shipwright opened the door and gestured at Legolas to go through first. Círdan's next words stopped Legolas in his tracks. "It's starting, isn't it?" The shipwright asked quietly. His voice was barely above a whisper, as if some unseen force could hear them. Legolas didn't look at him. He nodded wordlessly. "In a way, it already started." Author's Note: -This story was written long before I knew the actor of Thranduil was named "Lee". By then, the name was woven into the story. -Do leave a review! :)