to being able to see hints of events before they occurred. However, though what he had seen had been vague, he could not rid himself of the feeling of dread that had settled upon his heart. "What did you see?" Glorfindel's eyes had narrowed with concern as he gazed into Elrond's paler face, seeming to understand what had happened. When he still got no response, he sighed and glanced at the desk, reaching for the glass of water that had been left there. Then, Elrond suddenly hissed and put his hand to his head, his eyes shutting tightly when more images entered his mind. The sliver of a moon. Golden leaves taken by the wind. Estel lying curled beside a dark figure... Elrond forced his eyes to open, the action driving away the haunting images. The dread in his heart had only increased, and he knew then that something was wrong. His foster son was in danger. Glorfindel's hand had paused at the other Elf lord's gasp, but once he saw his friend had regained himself, he continued reaching for the water. As soon as his fingertips touched the cool glass, he was once again stopped by Elrond's hand wrapping around his wrist. "I am not in need of it," the lord of Imladris murmured when the golden-haired warrior's confused eyes found his, slowly releasing his wrist as he leaned back in the chair. He was silent for another long moment before he rose to his feet and walked to the window, his intense gray gaze scanning the gardens beneath him. Both Thranduil and Estel were not to be found. Elrond then glanced behind him when a gentle hand landed on his shoulder, raising his eyes up to Glorfindel's concerned ones. "What did you see, mellon-nín ?" the Balrog Slayer asked quietly. Sighing, Elrond turned back to the window, his gaze resting on the sun as it continued to set on the horizon. The feeling of dread remained as strong as ever. Ion-nín... "Can I come, too, Thwan'dil? I haven't been out today." Thranduil glanced down at Estel as he finished preparing his horse. There was some daylight left, and he desired to get a little riding in before he rested for another day of deliberating. He had been anticipating some time in solitude, though he could not deny the pleading look in the child's wide, gray eyes. Sighing, the king took Estel and carefully lifted him up so he was sitting in front of the saddle before he climbed up behind him and took the reins. The boy smiled with excitement. "I haven't been on a howse ride for a long time!" he told the Elf. "Not since Ada took me last." "'Tis only going to be a short ride, tithen pen ," Thranduil said as he began to guide the white horse forward. "We will have to return before sundown." "Awl right!" Estel did not appear to mind the length of time they would be out in the forest, merely excited that he had the chance to be out with his newfound friend. Thranduil smiled slightly despite himself as they left the stables, but then he slowed his horse to a stop when a couple more approached him from their right. Estel looked at the fair-haired Mirkwood guards as they stopped nearby with a wary gaze. "We will accompany you, hír-nín ," Tidurian, the head of his patrol, said. He may have been younger than many of the guards in his service, but Thranduil considered his refined skills with his weapons and closeness to his family to be of higher priority. Estel turned to look up at the king. "Why do they have to come?" he asked. Thranduil sighed, knowing it was regulation he had a couple guards accompany him wherever he went. However, that did not mean he thought it to be necessary now. "They need to ensure you are safe, Estel," he answered. "But you can pwotect me," Estel replied, glancing down at the sword on Thranduil's hip. "And Ada's Ring keeps this pwace safe." The Mirkwood monarch saw the determination in the child's eyes when they found his again, but before he could bring himself to argue with him, Thranduil looked up when more footsteps approached. Estel followed his gaze, watching as the guard he had seen with the cook earlier drew near them. "I have set up our patrol in the forest," the dark-haired Elf announced, stopping beside the king's white horse. "If you desire a ride before sundown, you will be all right." He turned to the fair-haired Mirkwood guards, bowing slightly with respect. "Amonost, guard of Imladris." Tidurian dipped his head in response, though his light eyes never left the other guard. Thranduil also turned to his own guards who still lingered near. "We will not go far," he assured them. The patrol appeared hesitant to allow their king leave without them, but when they received a reassuring nod from the Rivendell guard, they relented. "All right, hír-nín ," Tidurian muttered. "Though we shall remain close to the gate until you return." " Hannon le ." Thranduil nodded to him once as well before he urged his horse forward. Sometimes, he felt the need for solitude without his guards, and though Estel rode with him, it would not be as unpleasant as their hovering. Amonost watched as Thranduil and Estel disappeared into the trees, the guards from Mirkwood lingering near the border as they had promised. Tidurian, who still appeared to be somewhat suspicious of him, continued to look in his direction before returning his attention back to the rest of his patrol. Amonost then turned his back on them, a slight smirk appearing on his fair face as he walked back toward the house of Elrond. Author's Note : And that's the end of chapter one. More of a setup chapter, so the excitement will pick up soon. Thanks for reading! Your reviews are much appreciated, just no flames please. Thanks!