It was already dusk and many stars sparkled in the sky like tiny diamonds set on a dark veil. The Maiar left the temple. Very soon they found the star of Bethlehem, almost as if dangling over the small village. † Found and Claimed The three Maiar found themselves walking again on a narrow path, that led them away from much of the population in Jerusalem. The night was cold, but bearable to their aged body. Soon they found themselves, looking on to an even narrower gravel path, that led them to pastures by the neighboring hill sides. They were now on a hill, and there were small caves on it's sides were cattle rested during cold nights. They passed through few such caves, when they finally came to a cave above which, the star they had followed seemed to be resting. They peered inside and saw a woman and a child on her lap. Both were resting. A man was also there, arranging some hay, may be to make a bed for the mother. There were also some cattle in the cave, including a couple of sheep. The visitors were in confusion, unable to determine whether to intrude or not. But the man noticed them, before they turned back. "Masters, can I help you?" "We came to see, Emmanuel," Alatar answered for all three of them. "Come and see for yourselves," Joseph invited them to the cave. The mother and her child stirred as the trio entered the cave. The visitors walked silently and stopped, standing before the mother and the child. The mother seemed to be deep in contemplation where as the child seemed to be laughing when they looked upon them. The infant held each Maiar in his gaze for a while, and to each Maiar it seemed that he was looking into a pool of infinite depth. Thoughts fled them for that little while, and only peace remained. Alatar stood there as if frozen like a statue, gazing at the humble family. Pallando had to mentally nudge Alatar to offer his gift to the King of all Kings. He kneeled down before the mother and the child, and offered a simple wooden level, and silently worshiped the creator of all. Pallando followed suit. He kneeled and bowed before the infant, laying down a tiny box full of polished gems. Radagast wondered at the silliness of giving a gift of the finest birds to the giver of life, yet he gave a pair of white doves as an offering to his redeemer. The child seemed to be laughing, as he made a gurgling noise. He reached out his hands as if to touch the wizened men, that brought smiles to their faces. The visitors spent rest of the night at the cave entrance, where they made a small fire and talked about many things. When morning came they bid farewell to the family and made their way to the temple. Once they reached the temple court, they found a corner where they could rest for a while. Wadi came to the court later that afternoon, looking for the three travelers. He found them huddled in a corner talking to some older men. Simeon was among them. "He will be a light of revelation to the gentiles and the glory of the people of Israel." Wadi joined the discussion, "And where will he be found?" "In Bethlehem," mumbled Radagast as if he had grown senile in a day. "Indeed, he may be, for there is no Prince born in the palace." "We found what we were looking for in Bethlehem," whispered Alatar. "May be you shall also find what you seek in Bethlehem." "May be," Wadi found himself doubting. "It is indeed written, that Bethlehem is not least of all lands of Judah, for from her shall come forth a ruler that shall shepherd Israel." Simeon smiled upon the young man. "Masters, will you not join me at the camp and recount some of your tales?" Wadi tried to get the travelers back to the camp. "Young man, we thank you for your kind invitation. But we are at our journey's end. We old men like to dawdle a bit more in this old city," Radagast's eyes twinkled. "I shall not steal your time then," Wadi's face sank a bit, for he had indeed grown to love the company of these old men and their unusual tales. He bid them farewell, and as he left the court, he thought he heard someone whisper to him. It was Radagast's voice. The man turned back to look at the Maia. The Maia held his gaze. 'You have come a long way to fulfill a promise. Go to Bethlehem, for you shall find what you seek. Do not worry of us, for our journey has come to an end, but you still have miles to go.' Wadi knew at that moment that he might be seeing them for the last time, but he simply nodded to the Maiar and made his way to outskirts of the city. The dusk came and somewhere within the walls of the city three Maiar huddled around a small fire. They were cold, and had lost awareness of reality, for the weight of the years they had passed were finally upon them. Someone came along and wrapped each of them in a blanket and made fire for them late in the night. A stranger stood afar, watching them with a mysterious smile. 'Count three more to join the legion tonight,' the person whispered to someone mayhap invisible. A peace they hadn't known in ages enveloped the Maiar, for they were found and claimed. And not much longer later when they were into their dreams, their spirits soared free, though they never returned West. Ω List of OCs: Wadi, son of Kabir of Saba/Sheba, Pariksit of Taxila, Aretas of Damascus, Artabanus of Susa, Xia, Pariksit's errand boy, Halom(Hebrew word for dream), Anna, the blind woman in Jerusalem