to maintain his cool. The rage unsettled him; it had been a long time since he had last been drawn so easily to anger. Dismissing his wardens with a hand signal, he ran lithely from branch to branch through the canopy until he reached the next flet. It was deserted, as he had known it would be. Settling on the edge of the flet, he placed his bow on the floor beside him and shrugged out of his quiver, letting his legs dangle from the edge of the carved platform. He stared out over his beloved Lórien and let the gentle sounds of the forest soothe him. It wasn't long before the inevitable occurred and he sensed the presence of his youngest brother. "Good afternoon, Rúmil," he sighed. Rúmil moved to sit beside him, folding his long legs to sit cross-legged upon the flet. "Well, that was interesting," he smiled blithely. Haldir took a deep breath and closed his eyes. "That is one word for the encounter." "She got under your skin, brother," Rúmil observed. Haldir grimaced, wishing, not for the first time, that his brother was not quite so perceptive. "Perhaps." "Haldir, you were ready to run her through with you sword!" The younger elf said. His eyes glinted and he grinned mischievously. "Or . . . run her through with your sword, if you take—" "Everyone takes your meaning, you elfling," Haldir snapped. "Don't be absurd, the creature is mortal." "And has the finest pair of—" "Thank you, that will do, Rúmil." He said quickly. With a grin, Rúmil subsided, reaching for the Marchwarden's bow. He ran a finger down the taught string of his brother's weapon, squinting critically at the woven hair. "Your bow string is worn," he observed. Haldir cleared his throat and stood, gazing down at his youngest brother implacably. "Then you shall re-string it for me," he said. Rúmil snorted inelegantly. "I shall not." "That was an order, Warden," Haldir said smoothly. He left the flet quickly, Rúmil's glare scorching his back. o0o "Get up," came a low voice. When she did not immediately stir, Aubrey felt a boot nudge her in the ribs. "Hey!" she cried, rolling away. She remembered a second later that she was on a platform without rails high in the canopy of a tree, and scrambled to regain her balance. She looked up into the cool gaze of the leader, sides heaving. "Good morning to you too," she muttered. After he had left the night before, another elf had brought her a flask of cool water, a small platter of waybread and cheese, and a light blanket. The food had been filling and the water refreshing, and though thinner than silk, the blanket had been warmer than her goose-down quilt at home. She was reluctant to leave its warmth for the chilly morning air, but one look at the leader's face told her he was not in the mood for arguments. "I'm up," she grumbled, standing and stretching. It was only after she had stretched her arms behind her head that she realised the effect this had on her chest. The elf was staring at her, a smirk on his face. "Stare at someone who likes you, dickhead," she snapped, folding her arms quickly. He merely raised an eyebrow, unfurling the material in his hand. "Or," he said, "you could clothe yourself." She took the cloak from him, finding it spun on the same fine, light but warm material as the blanket. "Thank you," she said grudgingly, fastening the clasp at her throat. The cloak flowed over her shoulders all the way down to her ankles, with a deep hood that she could have used to hide her face. He did not acknowledge her thanks any more than to turn and walk to the edge of the platform. "Come," he said, gesturing down towards the forest floor. She hurried to his side. "What? I can't jump that! Listen, Elf, you might—" "Haldir," he said crisply. "Huh?" "My name is Haldir, not 'Elf'." She glowered at him. "And mine's Aubrey. Aubrey Wendale. Hasn't stopped you calling me 'mortal'. I can't jump down the tree." With a long-suffering look, he bent and freed the rope ladder she had used the day before. "There. Now descend." "Stop telling me what to do!" she cried, but reached for the ladder anyway. Climbing down was no easier than ascending had been, and if anything was made harder by the long cloak tangling her legs. She had not taken five steps down the ladder before she felt the rush of something large parting the air beside her and Haldir landed lightly on a branch below her. He didn't even look up at her before he jumped again, and she lost his trajectory in her focus. When she eventually reached the floor, he was waiting for her along with two other elves. "At last," he commented acerbically. At a nod from him, one of the other elves walked forwards and offered her a pair of boots. They were the same flat-soled, calf-length style as the elves wore, but smaller and with none of the decorative tooling the elves had. Aubrey accepted them gratefully, her abused feet already throbbing from the trip down the ladder. "Thank you," she said, pulling them on. She winced as the soft leather rubbed against her tender, blistered feet. They were both too long for her yet too narrow, but she supposed they would be better than nothing. Catching the movement, Haldir offered her a thin smile. "That looks painful," he commented. "You should have had someone look at them last night, when you had the chance." His sarcasm was by no means lost on Aubrey; she narrowed her eyes at the pompous elf and seriously considered throwing a boot at his smug face. Before she could launch her missile, he had turned his back and begun the long trek into the heart of Lothlórien. o0o Thanks for reading, and please review.