staring at a few pairs of rusted chains connected to the wall. They were splotched with dark stains which looked eerily like blood. "It... it was true?" Thranduil slowly shook his head. "This was once used as a guard post, yes," he confirmed. "But the story of the torture and slaughters is just that. A story. My father told it to me." "Do you believe this place truly is cursed?" Calanon wondered, uncertain for the first time since they had decided to come to the cave. "No," Thranduil told him. "I do not." "All right, we have seen it, but I believe we should not linger," Erynion said quietly, sounding nervous. "Besides, it will be dark soon." The three Elflings turned to look at the mouth of the cave, seeing the sun was beginning to set behind the tall trees. If they wanted to reach the city by nightfall, they had best take his suggestion. But before they could do anything more, they turned to the staircase that had brought them there, seeing a worried Helinniel run up them. "Our horses are gone!" "What?" Thranduil and Calanon hurried over to the edge of the cave, looking across the clearing to where they had tied their horses, seeing what she said was true. They were nowhere to be seen. Dread began to nag at Thranduil. Something was amiss. They should not have come here. "Go," he murmured, turning to Calanon. "Go!" Not having to be told again, Calanon ran toward where their other two friends were waiting by the top of the staircase, ushering them to go down first before he went down himself. Thranduil followed them to the rock ledge, watching as they began to carefully scale down the short cliff. He started to go after them, but he gasped when he heard quiet footsteps behind him. They weren't alone. A startled cry escaped from him when his arms were roughly grabbed and forced behind his back, pain wrenching his shoulders. He could hear Calanon starting to climb back up toward the ledge, but Thranduil shook his head even though he knew his friend couldn't see him. "No! Go!" Then, a soft cloth obstructed his vision, and his world went black. "Thranduil saved us," Erynion concluded in nearly a whisper, taking Helinniel's hand. "We would have returned for him, but we were pursued for a short distance. We outran whatever it was and made it back here even without our horses. I... I know not what happened to him." Oropher visibly tensed as his eyes narrowed, but there was no outward sign of the fear he suddenly felt. He could not recall how many times he had told Thranduil to stay away from Amon Sereg, and he was angry that he had endangered his friends by goading them there. But something else was there as well, and that fury was quickly being quelled by nearly overwhelming worry. "We... we're so sorry," Helinniel added. The king did not answer immediately. Instead, Oropher rose to his feet and turned his back on the Elflings, leaning against the stone wall beside the window and closing his eyes. Aearion looked at him with concern as he pushed away from the desk and took a couple steps toward him. " Hír-nín ?" Oropher rose a ringed hand, silencing him, as he turned back to the young Elves. "You have my leave," he told them firmly. "But..." However, Calanon was quieted by the stern look that crossed the king's face, and he nodded in respect as he stood from the couch. Erynion and Helinniel did the same, and they all crossed the study and stepped out into the hallway. However, the youngest lingered behind for a moment, casting a sorrow-filled look at the king. "Please find him," she murmured before she left after her friend and brother. Once he and his advisor were alone, Oropher sighed and passed his hand slowly over his face, setting his palms on his desk as he stared intently at the pile of paperwork that sat on top of it as though he would find the answers he needed there. "You know the story of Amon Sereg, do you not?" he asked quietly. Aearion closed the door of the study before turning back to him. "Of course, Oropher," he answered gently. Being a close friend of the king's since childhood, the advisor was the only one who could address him without a title if no one was around to hear. "It is merely a story. No such massacre occurred, and it is certainly not cursed." Oropher raised his gaze to Aearion's concerned one, his confident demeanor slowly slipping away. "It is a guard post no longer in use," he added thoughtfully. "A mere story told to Elflings so they will not go near the treacherous terrain and the Duilwen." He paused. His son was in danger, but he had no idea what it was they were up against. "What would be in such a dangerous place, Aearion?" The advisor slowly shook his head. "I know not," he admitted quietly, wishing he had a different answer for the distressed king to put his mind at rest. "But what caught your son is no spirit." "No." After a long moment passed, the anger returned to Oropher's eyes once more as he left his desk and made his way toward the door. Trespassing within his realm was not something he dealt with lightly. Though alleged spirit or not, it did not matter. He would not leave Thranduil. "Come." "What would you have me do, Oropher?" Aearion wondered, not moving to stop him as he hurried past. The king paused in the doorway, glancing back at his advisor and friend. "Ready my horse." Author's Note : So, that's it for this one! Special thanks again to Gwedhiel0117 for her encouragement to get this posted (I think I have driven you crazy enough with my hints, lol). Thanks for reading! Your reviews are much appreciated. Thanks!