years we worked together." "Both of you, stop arguing." Thranduil told them, gaining somewhat control over himself. He still tapped his foot impatiently, waiting for his son to come through the gates. The trio had the strong urge to annoy him further, but they saw Thranduil's impatient form, his obvious longing to meet his son again. They kept their silence. After what seemed like an eternity, a familiar figure rode into the gates. The gathered crowd held their silence as the figure dismounted. He was all too familiar. The tall, lean form, the fair hair, that merry but almost mischievous smile and the bright blue eyes. Father and son studied one another for a long while. Then Thranduil pulled him into a tight embrace. Legolas grabbed him with the same intensity, feeling like a young elfling. And Thranduil felt like a father. When they let each other go, Thranduil smiled at his son. "The next time I send you to Imladris, I am placing a strong guard with you." Thranduil told him. "Your feet wander when you are only sent with your friends." Legolas laughed. They were free. oOo Eyes that fire and sword have seen, And horror in the halls of stone, He heard the trees scream in agony to him as he jumped from branch to branch. "Thranduil, get down, or you might catch the fire!" He did not heed the warning, but balanced his weight on the branch of the tree. His forest was burning. The trees were on fire. His beloved forest… the leaves were black and the trunks were surrounded by flames that licked them up. "Timber!" The Elven Ranger's warning shout was enough to dodge the flaming tree that fell to the ground. "Cut the inflamed trees!" Thranduil shouted. "Do not let it spread to the other trees!" They worked fast. It was dangerous and hard. Twice, Thranduil lost his footing on the trees, for he was not accustomed to the branches as his Rangers were. He was a Warrior after all. He would have fallen to his death in the second one if it had not been for the tree catching him in time. "Thranduil, enough!" Olben shouted to him. "Get down!" "I have to save my people!" "You have to live for your people!" Olben said, grabbing him before he jumped to another tree. "You are our leader, Thranduil. Do not blind yourself with this feeling of abandon. Do not do this to us!" Thranduil sighed and jumped down to the tree. As for Bard, he was having his own problems. Dale was in chaos, and the swords swung through the air freely. Innocents were being killed by Sauron's forces, and he ran on to challenge as many orcs as he could. "The Lonely Mountain!" Bard shouted. "Get to the Mountain! We have people to protect. Our wives and children depend on us!" He grunted in pain, and looked down. He saw a spear tip coming out of his chest. He fell forward. "Father!" "Your kingdom now." He managed to choke out. Then he passed away. In the Lonely Mountain, King Dáin stood at the gates of his domain, swinging his axe to down as many orcs as he could. He roared in pain, feeling an orc's sword embed deep into his side. He cut down the orc and freed himself from the sword. It was a fool's fight. It was useless. But he had to protect his people. He finally took a sword to the chest. He fell back, momentarily lost in the confusion. He felt the pain, and the numbing reality of coming death. "My lord!" Someone shouted to him. "Thorin-" He stuttered. "Thorin St-stone-stonehelm will lead you." He heard no reply. He died soon after. oOo Look at last on meadows green, And trees and hills they long have known, There were shouts of joy and screams of relief filling the air as the Rohirrim rode inside. This was no time for protocol, no time for splendor that would be written down in ballads for years later. The women pulled down their male relatives in their haste to hug them tightly in relief. The men laughed, pulling their mothers, wives and sisters in tight hugs. They touched each other's faces in wonder, as if they could not believe this was reality, as if they could not believe they were free. Éomer gave a small smile as one of the returning fathers grabbed his children in his strong arms and whirled them around in circles, causing the children to squeal in delight. Everything seemed so different and fresh after the War. The grass was greener, the air smelled freer, there was a brighter light in the sunshine. Éomer grabbed Éothain's arm. "Do you see it, Éothain?" "The grass and the soil?" Éothain asked. "Aye, brings back childhood memories, do they not?" Éomer smiled. "Aye, they do." Rohan was now what they remembered from their childhood. The meadows where they played in, the trees they rode under and the hills they lived on. ~S~ Author's Note: Well, trying to return to the game after getting hacked. My muse was dying and had to awaken him/her? up again. I hope I have not lost my thunder. Bilbo's walking song always made me think of other people as well. Like Thranduil, how long did he fight the evil of his forest? Or Eomer, who watched his people slowly get oppressed or his land be different from the time he was child? Olben, Fion and Hanon are my OCs. And the Rangers and Warriors is my creation as well. They are mentioned here and there in my stories. The Maglor scene... yeah. I could not resist. I had to put in Maglor. I could not help it. He must have travelled for years and years. I had to put him in. And I can give him a happy ending because in Tolkien's works he does get a happy ending. Good? Bad? Let me know!