the King's engagement was still stationed there. "The King's foreign visitor," Kalina began, startling the guard, "is he a dwarf? Is he Gimli son of Gloin?" Legolas drew level with Kalina as the guard raised a curious eyebrow, before nodding in confirmation. Legolas and Kalina both smiled in happiness as their suspicions were true. Kalina moved forward, ignoring the protests of the guard, and pushed open the doors to the Throne Room and moving inside, her eyes searching for her friend. Within the hall, Gimli and Thranduil had been talking between themselves of matters of trade between Erebor and the Elven City, but both turned in surprise as the doors were pushed wide, Kalina and Legolas standing together between them. "Gimli!" Kalina cried merrily, rushing forward through the hall to greet the dwarf. Legolas followed Kalina closely as she reached the dwarf and lowered herself to one knee, greeting him with an embrace. "It has been too long!" She said, pulling back and smiling at Gimli. "Indeed it has!" The dwarf boomed merrily as he looked Kalina up and down. "You have not changed at all since we parted ways. Myself on the other hand... I have grown wider, but thankfully not shorter!" Kalina looked over Gimli for a moment, helplessly agreeing that his width had indeed increased, although it was nothing drastic. His eyes did not lack their humours sparkle from behind his beard, in fact his features had barely changed from when she had last saw him. Dwarves lifespans were an average of two hundred and fifty, so a passage of merely eighteen months had not changed his features at all. Kalina stood and moved away, allowing Legolas to move forward and clap Gimli on the shoulder, greeting him enthusiastically. "What are you doing here, my friend?" Legolas asked curiously once he and Gimli and shared their greeting. "I am on my way to the wedding in Edoras!" Gimli said with a smile. I departed from Erebor a few weeks earlier than previously planned, as I thought it would be wise if I travelled here first, and then we departed for Edoras together!" "Indeed." Legolas replied with a smile, nodding at Gimli's reasoning. "We were planning on departing in two weeks time." Gimli nodded in reply to Legolas, before he stopped and stepped back for a moment, taking in Legolas and Kalina's appearances. Both were heavily armed, their now strung bows resting on their backs in their quivers alongside their blades. Each were wearing light-weight leather armour, and seemingly durable clothing that was probably designed for extensive. "Why are you dressed as you are?" Gimli asked with a laugh. "You look as if you are about to face an army!" "We are going on our monthly scout mission." Kalina informed Gimli, noticing that Thranduil was watching her. She sent him a small smile before continuing. "Peace may have fallen on Middle Earth, but the darkness of Dol Guldur has spread far through the forest, and we are doing all that we can to purge the trees of the lingering evil." "How long will you be away for?" Gimli asked, nodding at Kalina's words about the darkness of the abandoned fortress (of which he had heard many dark and miserable tales.) "Usually if past scouts are anything to go by, then we will be gone a week." Legolas replied, smiling sadly at Gimli and he watched the dwarf visibly deflate at the thought of being in the Elven City alone for a week. Kalina also noticed Gimli's disappointment, and a small thought suddenly came into her mind. "Why don't you come with us?" She asked, looking at Legolas and Thranduil for confirmation. "I am sure you would like to have a chance to wield you axe once again." "Are you sure that would be proper?" Thranduil asked, moving forward slightly as he looked worriedly down at the dwarf. "Gimli has just arrived and is a guest in my court, not a hired blade to be sent deep into the forest." Gimli thought for a moment, twisting the tip of his auburn beard between his fingers as his mind worked. It was true that is would not be deemed right for him to go on the scout mission with Legolas and Kalina as he was a guest, however he could not face the prospect of being secluded in the Elven City on his own for a week while they both fought spiders and he remained inactive. There was much that Gimli wished to discuss with them, and he was sure that a week of travel would provide the time for them to talk. With a sigh, he made his mind and looked up to smile broadly at Legolas and Kalina. "If it is alright with you, your majesty, I think that I will accept your offer, Kalina." He said, he eyes twinkling with grim excitement at the prospect of facing an enemy once again. "It has been far too long since my axes tasted blood, and I have grown more fat as a consequence." Thranduil looked sceptical for a moment, looking down at Gimli with a scrutinizing gaze. A few tense moments passed as Thranduil did not speak, but finally he released a soft sigh and nodded in defeat. "Very well. You may leave." So here we are my lovely reader! Chapter one of my second story! The reason for me uploading this, is that I have just finished a hellish week of 8 exams and it is now half term, so I decided that I would have to whole day off to myself! As a result, I sat down and started writing, and now here we are! This chapter is dedicated to all you lovely readers who have been so patient with me during my exams (for which I am truly grateful), and to also act as proof that the sequel IS happening :D I greatly look forward to reading my follow/favourite/REVIEW notification emails in the morning! -Tory xxx