weary blue eyes were set on. He had only just returned home after his long journey and the War, but there was something important he had to do before he allowed himself to rest. As soon as he approached the doors, the archer hesitated for a moment before quietly pushing one open and stepping into the dark room. Turning only to close the door just as quietly behind him, he faced the bed once more, his eyes landing on the Elf sitting tensely at the end of it. When he heard him enter the room, Thranduil quickly looked up, slowly rising to his feet to face him. "Legolas?" he said quietly, taking a small step forward. A broad smile appeared on Legolas' face as he met his father's gaze. "I am home, Ada ," he muttered. Thranduil quickly approached his son, setting his ringed hand lightly on the side of his head as he took in his condition. There was some dirt smudged on his cheeks, probably from the long road home, and his face was slightly paler than normal, but otherwise, he appeared to be uninjured. The king carefully rubbed away some of the dirt from Legolas' cheek with his thumb before pulling him into a warm embrace. "Oh, ion-nín ..." Legolas wrapped his arms around Thranduil tightly, sighing quietly as he closed his eyes for a moment and allowed himself to lean on his shoulder. It was a relief to be home and in the arms of his father. "I promised you I would return, Ada ." "Aye, you did, penneth ." Thranduil pulled back from Legolas a little, still keeping one hand on his arm while the other made its way back to the side of his head. "And I am more relieved than you could know that you have returned safely." His keen eyes searched his son's face once more, almost as though he was assuring himself that he was truly all right after the unexpected mission he had been chosen to take part in. "You must rest. You must be exhausted from your travels." "I wished to see you before I rested, Ada ," Legolas replied. He had not even stopped at his own room, for he still carried his weapons. "Though I must admit it sounds appealing. I have missed my bed." A small yet somewhat somber smile appeared on Thranduil's face. "Would you care to join me for a glass of wine in the kitchens, penneth ?" he wondered. Legolas returned the smile. "It would be my pleasure, Ada ," he told him earnestly. Thranduil watched as the prince set his bow, quiver of arrows, sword, and knives on the floor at the foot of the bed before removing his cloak, and his gaze saddened slightly. He wondered for a moment what the younger Elf had to endure while on this dangerous task, though he found it was also something he did not wish to know. But he replaced the look with another smile when Legolas turned back to him, and he placed his hand lightly on his shoulder as they left the room and stepped out into the dark hallway together. The two monarchs walked in silence as they made their way toward the kitchens, simply feeling at peace in the other's company. Then, Legolas smirked as he turned to look at his father. "I saw a Balrog, Ada ," he muttered. The king met his son's bright gaze, and he chuckled quietly. "It was not in your closet, I hope," he said, which caused Legolas to laugh as well. The cheerful sound made a broad smile appear on the older Elf's face. It seemed like so long since he had last heard it. Once they reached the kitchens, Legolas sat at the table while Thranduil poured two glasses of wine at the counter, grateful that Galion had still been awake at this hour and had brought the bottle up from the cellar for them. He set one in front of his son before sitting on the stool across from him, taking a small sip from his own glass. They spoke relatively little, both still simply relieved to have this time together. But soon, once they had each finished their second glass, Thranduil could tell that though he was trying to stay awake, Legolas was growing visibly weary. "I believe you should get some sleep, ion-nín ," the king muttered with a smile, taking the glass from his son's loosened grasp. "You can tell me more about your experience on the morrow." Legolas watched as his father rinsed out the glasses, rising to his feet when he rejoined him. They left the dark kitchens together, walking in silence until they came to the prince's room. Legolas went in first, shortly followed by Thranduil, and the latter approached the bed while his son washed his face and rinsed his fair hair after taking out his warrior plaits. He then changed from his tunic into his light shirt for sleeping and removed his boots, climbing into his bed under the covers his father had pulled back. As soon as his head hit the pillow, he closed his eyes and sighed with content as a smile appeared on his face. Thranduil chuckled quietly. "Do you feel better, penneth ?" he asked. "If only you knew," Legolas answered, cracking one eye open to look up at him. "I have an idea, believe me." Thranduil then lifted the blankets so they covered his exhausted son, setting his hand lightly on his shoulder. "Pleasant dreams, Legolas. Losto vae ." Legolas smiled up at him. " Hannon le , Ada ," he whispered. Thranduil returned the smile, watching as Legolas' eyes once more closed in deep, much-needed sleep. He would return his weapons to him once first light came, for rest was what they both needed now. The king then leaned down, lightly kissing the younger Elf's head. "I am glad to have you home, ion-nín ." The End