Thorongil added. "Oh." Imrahil paused. "I can't grow a beard." Thorongil's lips twitched in amusement. "A disadvantage, I am sure." Thorongil said solemnly. "At times," Imrahil agreed. Imrahil closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. His lungs filled and his chest expanded. The action was oddly freeing. To occupy his mind, he let his thoughts gnaw and nibble on Thorongil's puzzling image. The puzzle was more of a game now than a concern. He noticed how Thorongil was calm and cool, revealing nothing when it came to himself. His defended were strong but Imrahil also noticed how there was a faint touch of softness whenever he mentioned North. North... Imrahil scrambled up, his cloak parting at the movement. He unsheathed his sword and pointed its sharp tip towards Thorongil. "Dúnedain," he hissed. "You are one of them." Thorongil didn't move as the tip of the sword hovered inches away from his throat. He didn't immediately say anything. That was confirmation enough for Imrahil that he guessed correctly. "Are you going to kill me, Prince of Dol Amroth?" Thorongil asked quietly. His expression was sober. Imrahil didn't know what he intended to do. The revelation was strong enough to leave Imrahil's mind in shambles. It was like a heavy cloud that suppressed his senses, a burdensome word that hung between them like a tense cord. He lowered his blade slightly, the tip now pointing towards the hollow of Thorongil's throat. "There are many rumours about your people." Imrahil said slowly. His mind unraveled and the threads of his thoughts straightened. "They say the Dúnedain have become faithless, hopeless," there was a small knowing smile on Thorongil's face at the last word, "and they say they have no loyalty for Gondor." Thorongil's smile disappeared. His expression became steady and calm in spite of the hovering naked sword at his neck. "There are many rumours about Gondor as well; that its past is nothing but a fabric of historical glory which belongs on a tapestry, that the Gondor today is not worth fighting for, that a single organised attack could cripple its army and lay bare its treasures," Thorongil's voice didn't quiver. Imrahil's hand on his hilt tightened until his knuckles turned white. He studied his churning temper. While Thorongil's words cut deep, it was clear he didn't mean so. There was a ring of truth in Thorongil's statement. Imrahil loosened his grip till his knuckles gained colour. "Are you going to kill me, Prince of Dol Amroth?" Thorongil asked him. Imrahil gave him a hardened stare. Then he stepped back and with one fluid motion, he slipped his sword back into his sheath. "Are all your kind like this, Man of North?" "Many of them are," Thorongil said. "We have grown used to the Wild. There are scarce few who don't have the best hearts but you find dark souls everywhere." Imrahil stared at him until he finally nodded. He returned to his seat beside Thorongil. "Why did you come back?" Imrahil asked. "Back?" "Back to Gondor." "Doesn't the eagle come back to its nest from wherever the wind takes him?" Imrahil smiled. "Thorongil isn't your name." "Nay, it is not." "If I ask what your true name is, will you tell me?" Imrahil asked finally. "Why, of course," Thorongil said. Imrahil looked at him in surprise. Thorongil's face was solemn but there was a slight glint in his grey eyes. "Although it will be up to me as to when I tell you my name." Curse the wittiness of sly sellswords! Thorongil's smile spread slowly over his face and Imrahil found to his dismay that his own smile matched Thorongil's. He looked away from him and rested his head against the stone instead of Thorongil's shoulder. In a way, the revelation shouldn't be a surprise to him. Thorongil never had the rugged, bold air of a criminal whose sword was for hire. He was loyal, modest, linguistic and very adept in both war and lore. The combination of the the last two was surprising in a sellsword. Added to that, he wore a brooch on his cloak that was shaped in the outspread wings of an eagle with a brilliant green gem in its heart. His sword was nicked at the tip and the ring on his finger was oddly familiar... Imrahil's eyes flew wide open and he whirled his head towards Thorongil so fast that his neck cricked. "You're-" "Have a care. Do not voice your suspicions if you fear them to be true." "I am not afraid." Imrahil confessed. The corners of Thorongil's lips tilted upwards. "That is good. I would hate to lose a trustworthy man for an enemy rather than an ally." Imrahil studied him more carefully. Thorongil's face was turned away from him and his eyes were closed. Underneath the beard, Imrahil couldn't deny the man had noble features, similar to the statues of past kings in Minas Tirith. His face was weathered by experience and Imrahil wondered where Thorongil's paths led him to give him such an appearance. "Have you ever thought of leaving behind your heritage?" Imrahil asked. Thorongil's eyes opened and looked at him. "I think every man considers the though of grabbing and leaving power when it is presented to him." Thorongil answered. "And what have you thought?" "It is a duty," Thorongil said. "All my paths will one day come to Minas Tirith and there will come a day for me to lead my people." "Then I hope I am there to see you there, and I hope I stand beside you under your standard." Imrahil said. "I hope to see that day as well," Thorongil answered. Thorongil and Imrahil shared a smile. Above them, the green and golden lights flickered and weaved, dancing between themselves. ~S~ Author's Note: I admit it, I am falling in love with the world of Men. ;) Blame my love for Men's Realms on Sian and Ragnelle, first. :P Do leave a review!