first one we made flew for only a short moment and disappeared in the fire of the forges," there was a trace of amusement in Gimli's voice. "The second one had too thin body and melted." He placed it on the table carefully. "This is the third." "I confess I am impressed." Legolas said to his companion. "It is my first time in the uninterrupted and open presence of an Elf," Gimli confessed. "I admit I am not as well-versed coming to Elves." Legolas laughed shortly. "Then we have something in common. I must admit that no matter what I see here in the Mountain, it will not overcome the beauty of my forest." "You do not like the Lonely Mountain?" Gimli asked, offended. His brow was furrowed. Legolas quickly assuaged him. "I do! Indeed, I do," Legolas said. "But I love my forest more. You have your gems and stones. In a forest, there is life everywhere. Even the trees our people live in are very much alive. The air always fresh and the seasons change and you sense the change. We experience the joy of deer to eat grass at last, watch the animals awaken from their winter sleep. At night we glimpse the stars and watch the moon travel across the sky. There is beauty and life everywhere, Master Dwarf." Gimli looked thoughtful. "Perhaps someday I will travel through the forests and see their beauty, Master Elf," Gimli said quietly. "I might be convinced that they are just as beautiful as our cities." Legolas smiled. It was a small gesture of peace, a small truce to agree on their differences. They spent the rest of their times in the marketplace, where Gimli entertained him with lunch. The dishes were unlike any Legolas ever tasted. The taste was more robust, with each bite bursting with flavour, salt and lemon. Most of the dishes consisted of goats. It was a different taste from forest deer. But he enjoyed it. When they finished, Gimli announced it was time for the meeting to break. He met his father at the bridge outside the market. "How did the meeting fare?" Legolas murmured in Thranduil's ear in his native language. "Excellent," Thranduil answered. "Our relations are strong, and I am confident that the trade between us is just as well." Their private conversation ended when Glóin neared them. "It is always a pleasure to do business with the Dwarves of Lonely Mountain," Thranduil said. Glóin flashed a smile. While they spoke, Gimli stepped forward. "Here," Gimli held out a box between his hands. Legolas looked down at it. It was a long narrow box made of polished wood and decorated with golden inlays. "What is it?" "It is a gift," Gimli said gruffly. "Only an Elf can truly appreciate the beauty such as this." "Thank you," Legolas said. He was truly touched. It was completely unexpected and he wondered what gift it could be that he would appreciate. "Let us escort you to Dale," Glóin addressed Thranduil. But the King shook his head. "There is no need. We will travel to Greenwood directly. Thank you for your hospitality." They exchanged last few words and said their farewells. Glóin and Gimli escorted them to the entrance and departed from there. The entourage joined them, surrounding them on all sides. He lifted the lid of the box and suddenly laughed, Thranduil halted, curious and peered in it over his son's shoulder. A single rose lay on soft black velvet, cut from a pink gem. The stalk was dyed green steel, complete with dark thorns and a single wide green leaf. "A valuable gift," Thranduil remarked. "The Dwarf evidently holds you in some proper regard." "That is kind of him." Legolas said. He picked up the rose by its stalk and twirled it between his fingers, admiring it. "I nearly insulted him, you know. I made the mistake of saying that nature was closer to my heart than creations from anvil and fire." "That must have galled him." Thranduil said, appalled. "I thought I taught you diplomacy, son of mine." "Some of your lessons usually fall short," Legolas answered him smoothly. Thranduil sputtered and laughed. "But I cajoled him in time to be forgiven for my shortcoming." He placed his rose in the box and closed the box. "Good," Thranduil congratulated. "Perhaps you learned something under my tutelage, after all." "I still consider that the lessons truly fall short." Legolas insisted. Thranduil raised his brows but continued the banter. "Oh, I am sure it doesn't fail from the lack of trying." Thranduil quipped. "But rather it depends on the student's level of understanding." Legolas burst out laughing and handing the box to a nearby guard and guided him to place it in his personal saddlebags. "Perhaps one day you may even become friends." Thranduil said. The mirth and teasing was prominent in his voice. Legolas stopped by the entrance of the Mountain and looked back. The world beneath the Mountain was the opposite of his own; dark, creative, and beautiful and unlike anything he ever knew. His forest dwelling was full of life, bright sunlight during the day and starlight during the night. "Highly unlikely," Legolas commented, doubtful. "The world is not built in precise order, my son," Thranduil advised him, wry. "If someone as insignificant as a Hobbit can pass through my Halls undetected, then an Elf and a Dwarf can become friends." ~S~ Author's Note: -There is no indication as to when Legolas met Gimli. Perhaps he met him right there during the Council of Elrond, though I suspect that he met him much earlier, considering the fact that Glóin already met the Elvenking during the Hobbit, and there were no doubt relations between the Lonely Mountain and Greenwood. -The relationship in LoTR between Legolas and Dwarf was the kind that was cordial before their friendship, sometimes terse when they couldn't reach an agreement. That is what I tried to capture in this prompt.