out his dual knives once the orcs came too close. The elf-leader laughed in reply. "Alfred," Faramir said, recognizing his serious second-in-command among the incoming reinforcements. "How come you are here?" Faramir noticed more of his men. "We came upon the group of elves who were waiting on their lord's call. When we heard the blast, we decided to join along." Alfred said, going back-to-back with his superior in order to protect Faramir's blind side. The man added, "We figured we would find you in the heart of trouble." "You speak as if I have the tendency to get into trouble…" Faramir trailed off as he focused on the fighting. With the coming reinforcements, the battle was over in a few more moments. Faramir embedded his sword into the ground and leaned heavily on it. Alfred was directing the men to pursue the fleeing orcs and Legolas and the elves were handing over the children and the women to the men for a safe escort back in Faramir's domain. There was other work to be done; the elves needed to check what else the orcs had ruined and the clearing needed to be… cleared? Faramir smirked. "Any casualities?" Faramir asked when Legolas walked towards. "None, fortunately. A few cuts and bruises, but those were to be expected." "That is good news." "Are you wounded?" Legolas asked, coming to stand in front of his friend. "Nay," Faramir responded, moving his injured arm away. Legolas noticed and shook his head. Coming forward, he wrapped the lower part of his cloak around Faramir's arm and pressed it down to stem the flow. "Your lady wife will have my head." Legolas said, pressing down more firmly on Faramir's wound. "She will not be the first." Faramir said, hissing. "Nor the last," Legolas said, smiling. The two of them shared a smile. Their friendship was quite different than the friendship each of them shared with Aragorn or even Éomer. Friendships with the two kings were loud and boisterous kind, a whirlwind of jokes, playful insults and occasional humorous banter. But their friendship was more of a quite kind. They rarely spoke of it, but it was always there; like a strong bond that never loses its strength. They had been courteous at first, careful not to arouse ill regards in the other. But over time, they soon learned much about one another. It was quite companionable kind of friendship. Some say that their friendship had become brotherhood, but the two always kept their silence in the matter. If their friendship truly had taken a turn towards brotherhood, neither Legolas nor Faramir would speak of it. Both cherish their relationship as it is. "You know my father was asking about you." Legolas said. "Really?" Faramir said, startled at the change of subject. "What did you tell him?" There was a glint of mischief in the elf's eyes. "I told him that you were like me." The elves and men looked at their way, startled as the Steward laughed heartily at the accusation. To my father, the King of Mirkwood (my apologies, Eryn Lasgelen) Father! It feels good to write to you again. All is well here. (I know you are surprised). Truly, all is well here. How goes it in our beloved forest? I suppose the days are going dreary without your favourite and only son away from you. Rest assured that I will find my way back to you soon. In the meantime, I would suggest that you would enjoy the silence! Faramir is doing well. He had gotten injured in a skirmish some time ago (and it was not my fault). I will tell you the story later… or perhaps I will not. As for Faramir, he is a little like me. (I know you are disappointed!) But perhaps, not completely like me. He possesses that type of eerie calmness that reminds of the kings of old from the Race of Men. But if you know him well enough, he has a good sense of humor and a strange curiosity for the things around him. I suppose that curiosity helps in fieldcraft. He is dear to me; he is a good friend and one of the few I can trust with my own life. Should you ever wish to meet him, I will introduce him to you gladly. I have made new additions into my city. I also added some of Gimli's designs into our architecture. It makes for easier living. I will not give you more description on the dwarven participation for I fear that you would refuse to visit Ithilien entirely! Come, come, Father! It has been three or four years since I had shifted to Ithilien. Although I do come to visit Eryn Lasgelen, why not return the favor and visit Ithilien. Queen Arwen, our Lady Evenstar looks forward to your arrival. (I may or may not have promised your participation in the winter festivals without consulting you!) The hour grows late and other things demand my attention. Farewell, dear Father. We will speak again. From, Legolas Greenleaf, (who is coincidentally your son!) Thranduil laughed heartily as he read and reread his son's letter. Legolas had always had that streak of impudence in his personality. The boy had utterly refused to learn the formal ways of writing a letter. Hence, most of his letters were informal and teasing. True, he and Legolas both could mind-speak to one another, but Legolas always possessed a childish delight in writing letters. And there was something else. Legolas' friendship with Faramir had become deeper than before. They have become brothers; it was plain for the eye to see. The two lords would not speak of it because it was in their nature to cherish these things in wondered silence. Thranduil smiled as he slowly folded the letter. The two have become brothers from a strong friendship, and such friendship can last even through the ravages of time. ~S~ Author's Note: Reviews are very appreciated. :)