the upper hand, regardless of how friendly the rivalry was. "Too late," Legolas interrupted, laughing. "My plans have already been formed in the instant of your silence! Thank you for giving my Rangers and me an excuse!" Mithon opened and closed his mouth as the prince simply left him standing there in the corridor. He then sighed and rubbed his face wearily. He needed rest, and he might as well get it. With the plans his authorities had for him, he felt as if he were going to need it. oOo Mithon opened the door to let out the dwarf representative from the King's council chamber. He glanced at Thranduil, who was poring over the map, now holding new markers for whatever the dwarf had held the meeting for. He was just going out when the king's words stopped him. "When was the last time you had taken some days for yourself?" "My lord," Mithon said, surprised at the sudden question. Thranduil glanced at him for a moment, his misty grey eyes kindly but observant. "It has been a while, my lord." Mithon said. "Take a few days off, then." Thranduil said, returning his gaze to his map. "My lord!" "I will not take nay for an answer." Thranduil said firmly. He looked up and his face softened a bit. "I am not dismissing you, Master Mithon. You need your time for yourself. You may resume your duties once you have taken time for yourself." "As you wish, my lord." Mithon said. "Thank you." Thranduil only smiled. Mithon left the study. Over the years, he had gained a quiet sort of respect from the king and his advisor. His son knew him as well. They had never discussed anything personally with one another. Everything remained strictly work-related. But it was mixed with a little bit of friendship. They had used him for teasing endlessly, though all of it was harmless and purely related with fun. They were well-mannered, making sure none of their words were insulting or mocking. He took a week off, and refused to take more in spite of Thranduil's insistence. While it felt good, he could not wholly relax completely. The Battle of Five Armies was won only a few days ago. But the evil was spreading fast in their forest. Thranduil constantly rode out with his Warriors to lead one hunt after another to drive them out. One of the hunts was particularly worrying. When the company returned, Thranduil was not on his horse. Instead, one of the Warriors had Thranduil propped against his body. The king looked dazed, hand clasped tightly against his side to stop the bleeding of a wound. The healers said it was not a lethal wound, though they insisted the king rest for a few days. Mithon did not hear anything of the king later, except that he was well. One day, while he still had two more days to go, some impulse forced him to go back to the study. He did not know why he felt like going there, except it was a strong impulse. So he grabbed only his sword and went. He did not wear his uniform and his hair was free. Once he reached the study, he gave a knock and entered. The study was empty but then Mithon noticed some robes peeking out from behind the King's table. He went there, only to find Thranduil sprawled unconsciously across the floor. "My lord!" Blood seeped slowly from beneath the king, and Mithon quickly pulled him up, calling out for help. Thranduil could not stay in his chambers for a long time. Everyone knew that. He had felt restless and decided to go read some reports in the study without letting anyone know. But while reaching out for the papers, he managed to pull the wound so hard that it reopened and the pain of it caused him to lose unconsciousness. It was his last day of respite before resuming his duties and he found himself facing Legolas outside the kitchens. "I must thank you." Legolas said to him after the initial greetings. "You came just in time for my father; else he would have lost too much blood." "How is the king?" "Well," Legolas said, laughing lightly. He was holding a satchel under his arm. Seeing Mithon's gaze toward it, Legolas explained, "A friend of mine is leaving for patrol. I offered to ready his supplies." "Ah." He was now very much used to the idea of royals performing menial tasks. "Would you like to visit my father?" "I do not think-" Legolas would not hear of it. An hour later, Mithon found himself standing by Thranduil's bed in the healing wing. "So it is your fault I am stuck here." Thranduil said gruffly. Thorontur sat beside the elf, looking thoroughly annoyed. "It is your fault you were out of bed in the first place." Thorontur snapped. Mithon bit back a smile. There were really few times that he had seen Thorontur lose his temper. Thranduil smiled up at Mithon. "I thank you, though." The king said, reaching out and taking Mithon's hand. "If you had not come, I do not think anyone would have noticed me gone." "That is right," Thorontur said, a hint of alarm entering his voice. "I had no plans of coming into the study until well after evening. Imagine, Thranduil, what would have happened-" "Stop showing your emotions, Thorontur. It does not suit you." Thranduil said. "I will express myself however I please!" Thorontur snapped. "And what do you learn from this little mistake of yours, Sire?" "I will not let my guard take any more days off." Thranduil replied solemnly. In spite of Thorontur's renewed glare, Mithon laughed. ~S~ Author's Note: Update 2015: This one-shot has been checked and reread for mistakes in a long project of doing this for all my stories. I am just trying to make this more enjoyable for my readers. :) Please leave a review!