minutes later, a frail elderly woman stepped into the elevator and found the captain wrapped in what looked like a cocoon of duct tape. He was hanging from the ceiling of the elevator by his peg legs. "AHHHH!" shrieked the old woman. She snatched the elevator phone and called security, but Merry and Pippin were already long gone. The captain couldn't be rescued for a long time because the two Hobbits had pushed all of the buttons in the elevator and it had to go all the way up to the 12th deck and back down to the lobby before the security could get to him. But before the captain was rescued, the two Hobbits raced to the helm of the ship. They attacked the co-captain, Mr. Quigley, tied him up with duct tape, and threw him in the closet. Then, they took control of the ship. (They were still quite drunk, you see.) Merry and Pippin wanted to direct the ship to somewhere tropical so that they could knock back a few Bahama Mamas. (This seemed perfectly logical to the two Hobbits at that particular moment.) They wheeled the ship this way and that until they were certain they were headed south. (They were actually going north, and into the path of a colossal iceberg.) Merry excitedly drew several strands of curly hair from his eyes and exclaimed: "We should, hiccup, be there by morning, Pip! Let's get some sleep." "Hiccup!" said Pippin. "Alright, Merry. Pippin out!" He fell backwards to the floor. Before the two Hobbits knew it, it was morning. "Why is the floor tilting?" asked Pippin curiously. "I don't know," replied Merry uncertainly." Let's have a look." They noticed as they went out that Mr. Quigley had escaped. As they traveled down the halls and to the elevators, they observed that there wasn't a soul to be seen. Not one person. No one. "Very strange," commented Merry. They took the elevator up to deck 12, where they found the Fellowship. They were all huddling together, some wrapped in fuzzy red blankets. Gimli had obviously dropped his "Dwarves are for the Dwarves" nonsense. Not one of his raucous crew was to be seen. "Where is everyone?" asked Pippin. "They left with all of the lifeboats already," said Gandalf gravely. "I do not know what we will do." "So…what's going on?" asked Pippin. "Why is the ship tilting?" Gandalf looked at him as if he wondered whether Pippin was blind. "We're sinking, you dunce!" he scolded. "We hit an iceberg during the night." "Oh," said Pippin. "That explains it." The ship was sinking faster now, and in a manner that greatly resembled the sinking of the Titanic. When the stern was straight up in the air, the Fellowship and Elrond dangled from the railing in a human chain. Gandalf grasped the railing, Elrond held on to Gandalf, Aragorn to Elrond, Legolas to Aragorn, Gimli to Legolas, Frodo to Gimli, Sam to Frodo, Merry to Sam, and Pippin to Merry. (And if you're wondering what happened to Boromir, he swam to the Bahamas and spent seven weeks in the hospital sipping vintage rum.) And then, something dreadful happened. It was so bad, I can scarcely find words to relate it to you, but I will make an attempt. Anyhow, Gandalf was having a difficult time holding up all of the weight, so he began to protest: "Elrond, if only you weren't so fat!" "I fat?" asked Elrond indignantly. "How dare you! If I'm fat, you're an Orcish sumo wrestler from Mordor!" "AHH!" cried Gandalf. "How dare-" It was then that he realized what he had done. He had let go of the railing to cross his arms, a bad mistake. "SHRIEK!" they all screamed as they plummeted to the depths below. "Go go Gadget Raft!" cried Gandalf. And a giant raft popped out of his pack and began inflating even as they fell. When they landed in the utter cacophony of the water, they all clambered into the raft and began paddling away as fast as they could from the sinking cruise ship. When they were a good distance away, they finally stopped paddling and turned…just in time to see the sleek stern of the shimmering ship sink into silence, leaving naught but a whirlpool of churning white water. Legolas began to shiver and sob. When the others inquired as to why he was behaving in this way, he informed them that his favorite hair brush had gone down to the depths with the ship. Quite suddenly, his hairbrush surfaced next to the raft with a light plop. Legolas instantly grinned from ear to ear and his eyes sparkled. He snatched up the pretty pink sequined brush in delight and began to stroke it fondly. He hugged it tightly to his chest and cooed: "You're home now, Precious! You're back with your Daddy! And I'm never gonna lose you again!" "That reminds me…" said Aragorn, glancing over at Elrond, who gulped in horror. "Daddy!" cried Aragorn with joy. He grabbed Elrond and began squeezing him- tightly! "Arwen- must have- gone- insane!" croaked Elrond with great effort as Aragorn squeezed him tighter. Merry and Pippin began a burping contest, while Frodo and Sam grew quite seasick and began retching up the "roast chicken" that they had eaten a few days previous. It got even worse when Legolas taught them all the Gilligan's Island theme song. They sang it over and over and over and over and… "Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale- a tale of a fateful trip!" they sang again for the fifteenth time. Fairly soon, it became stuck in everyone's heads, and they couldn't get the song out for forty-five years. And that, my friend, is precisely why the Fellowship was banned from all manners of cruising for the remainder of history. Well, that is, except for Captain Quid, the pirate. He still thought they were swell and offered to take them aboard anytime! Finis