"I understand how difficult it is for you not to follow the call of your love; I have been where you are, and I admit to having taken opportunities Lord Elrond would certainly not have approved of, no matter how harmless we considered them. I do not know the reasons for Éomer's reluctance, but whatever they are, it does not become a lord to go as far as you have. But I am willing to help two people for whom I have great fondness, and I promise to have a word with Éomer on this matter myself. In return, however, I expect you to promise me that you and your lady shall refrain from further rash actions." Faramir buried his face in his hands to regain his composure, nothing but an unsteady intake of breath audible. Then he turned back to the king. "Then I have not disappointed you?" he asked desperately. Aragorn looked surprised. "Disappointed? No, Faramir. We all make mistakes. Now stand up." And he drew the younger man to his feet himself to embrace him. The Steward readily accepted it. "I do not think I need to bother you any longer. Remember what I said, however: do not do anything foolish, no matter what your lady says to convince you otherwise. Tomorrow I shall speak to Éomer." "Thank you, Sire." The king only nodded. "Goodnight." Once alone, Faramir dropped onto the bed. Valar willing, the king's intervention would bear fruit. He rubbed his eyes and sighed, then readied himself for bed. III 3019, July 21, afternoon Faramir felt misplaced in his father's office. He had never even sat in his father's chair until his death. To be there now made him feel uneasy, as if he were ten years old and his father might come in at any moment and chastise him for playing in his office. Aragorn had decreed that Ithilien would be the new seat of the steward in Gondor unless he was absolutely needed in Minas Tirith, and so Faramir was occupied with sorting out the papers filling Denethor's office. They were in order, of course, but the former steward had never thought it necessary to inform the younger son of the way he worked. And as Denethor had not even employed a secretary or an assistant in the last couple of years, Faramir was now forced to find out everything by himself; he had to see which papers he could leave in Minas Tirith, which he would need to take to Ithilien, and which papers he did not need at all and could dispose of. Usually he was left alone. Even for the most mundane matters the Gondorian advisors would go to see Elessar, whether to gape at the king or because they did not think Faramir capable, the prince did not know. Thus the knock on his door caught him off guard and he wobbled dangerously on the chair which he was currently using as a ladder to examine the contents of the very top shelf. His voice sounded slightly strained as he called for the person to enter. At the same time he clutched desperately at the shelf to steady himself. He almost lost his precarious hold when Éomer entered. "Lord Faramir," The horselord greeted, pausing at the threshold in surprise at Faramir's activity and simply observing for a moment. Perhaps he contemplated that if Faramir were to fall and break his neck, his sister would not be able to marry him anymore. But he pulled himself almost visibly together and approached to help Faramir down. "I have come to speak to you," he said. Faramir nodded and forced himself to keep his composure. It would do him no good to stutter in front of Éowyn's brother, who effectively held their future in his hands. "Please sit," he said, then suddenly noticed that the only other chair in the room was occupied by a pile of books and more papers. Hurriedly he cleared it while Éomer looked on with an unreadable face. Once Faramir was seated himself he asked: "How may I help you?" Éomer merely studied him for another moment while Faramir strove not to show his anxiety. "You asked for my permission to wed my sister." The horselord paused. Finally Faramir decided to affirm: "That's true." "Have you changed your mind?" Éomer's dark expression did not reveal which answer was worse; that Faramir had changed his mind or that he hadn't. "No. We wish to wed." "She is the only one left of my family. I expect you to care for her." With that Éomer abruptly stood and turned to leave. Faramir jumped off his chair. "Wait! Do you mean we have your permission?" Éomer turned back at the door. "Yes," he merely said. Then he left. Faramir's hands clutched into fists, his whole body tense as he fought not to shout for joy. ' Hear then all my guests, fair folk of many realms, such as have never before been gathered in this hall! Faramir, Steward of Gondor, and prince of Ithilien, asks that Éowyn Lady of Rohan should be his wife, and she grants it full willing. Therefore they shall be trothplighted before you all.' (...) ' No niggard are you, Éomer,' said Aragorn, 'to give thus to Gondor the fairest thing in your realm!'* * quoted from The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the King, Book Six, Chapter VI "Many Partings Author's Note: This story was inspired by David Wenham's DVD commentary (Special Extended DVD Edition, The Return of the King, scene "Houses of Healing") in which he reveals that he met Miranda Otto at a casting ten years before filming the Lord of the Rings. For the casting they were required to pretend to have sex in a bathtub. According to Wenham, neither could contain themselves and the director got annoyed. I assume they didn't get the roles ;-) Thanks for reading; I hope you enjoyed and would love to have your comments!