charged. Aragorn was the first to kill an orc, but he was facing three more. Faramir was also facing four opponents at the same time. Every time he killed one, another took its place. Faramir was fighting with only one hand, he wasn't able to use his left arm because of the shot wound. Arwen and Legolas were fighting off at least four orcs at the same time. The orcs had seen the archers and wanted to get even for their dead companions. Legolas was fighting for multiple persons at once. He also wanted to protect Aryal, but was pushed in battle and was pulled away from her. Aragorn was quickly tiring. His head hurt and he lost balance more than once. One time it even saved his life. Two orcs had attacked him simultaneously. One from behind him and one from his front. He had stumbled and the orcs had killed each other. Faramir had done great under his circumstances. He had seen the trouble Aragorn was in and he had killed the last one of his own attackers and went to help Aragorn. Legolas was having more trouble. He was now overpowered. He was no fighting against six opponents. He was too busy with avoiding attacks to be able to do any attacking of his own. Arwen had noticed his problems, but she wasn't able to get any closer. Her heart jumped when she saw Legolas fall. She tried harder to hurry to him. She tried so hard that she never saw the orc charging at her. She almost was too late. It had cut her arm, before she could kill it. Just a swallow cut. Legolas had managed to kill a couple of orcs in the mean time which meant that he was still alive. Suddenly they were gaining ground. Faramir had saved Aragorn and Arwen had killed most of the orcs attacking her. Still Legolas was missing. Legolas himself was fighting like crazy. An orc had managed to stab a sword in his leg before it got killed. Now standing was troublesome for Legolas. He couldn't afford a weak spot. He was half sitting half standing killing a still very large group of orcs. He couldn't even see that they had nearly won. Suddenly he was stabbed in his upper leg. This time he couldn't remain in his position. He fell down. An evil looking orc was standing on top of him, holding him down with his boot against Legolas' chest. The orc was ready to give the final blow. Legolas wouldn't have been able to do anything. His friends were all fighting for their own lives. The orc dropped dead on top of him. He quickly pushed the body off. He recognized the knife which had killed the orc immediately. 'Aryal!' He turned his head. His wife was standing behind him. She had thrown her knife and was no fighting of the orcs which were attacking her husband. 'After what happened you didn't think I would let you die now, did you?' She replied sarcastically. With Aryals help the rest of the orcs were quickly dead. 'Aryal, glad to have you with us.' Aragorn said. He suffered some minor injuries, some swallow cuts nothing more. 'I am happy to see you as well.' Faramir said. He had managed to get out of the fight without any more wounds. 'I'm glad that you are all happy. Can we go now?' Aryal said. She had enough of this place. She couldn't understand that these people. The most important people of Middle Earth had risked their lives for her. 'Sure we can.' Arwen said. Also happy that they were finally able to leave this place. Happy that her vision had been faulty. Happy that her husband wasn't angry with her. They left the castle gates and Arwen whistled. All the men were looking at her. In a few moments Arrod, Brego, Leazif and a fourth horse, which Aragorn recognized as Huwith another horse of Arwens, came running towards them. 'I found them on my way here.' Arwen simply explained. All of them were relieved that they didn't have to walk back to Minas Tirith. Aryal jumped before Legolas, whose leg was bandaged. In the castle everyone enjoyed some much needed rest. After Arwens birthday, they all came together. Legolas and Aryal were leaving the next day, Aragorn finally spoke about the subject they all had been silent about. 'How were you able to save Legolas?' He asked. Everyone knew who he was speaking to. 'I don't know. Gandalf told me once that I got powers. Galadriel and he trained me, but they never showed. I think everyone gave up. Now are both Galadriel and Gandalf in the undying lands. I have no one to turn to.' Aryal said. 'I think my feelings must have triggered it, but I have never heard about anyone able to do something like this.' 'Thank the Valar you were able to do it.' Arwen said. She and Faramir had heard from Aragorn what she had done. Aryal herself had told Legolas. 'And you are not alone. Gandalf told me about you.' Aragorn said. 'You'll have to figure it out yourself, but we'll be here to help.' 'Gandalf told you?' Aryal was quicker than Legolas. 'He did and he told me to be there for you. But that's it.' Aragorn said. Not looking at Aryal, but at Legolas. Legolas just nodded. He had known as well. Not from Gandalf, Galadriel had told him. Besides that he had felt it. His bond with her was strong. After Aryal had told him everything, they both had realised that they both had been aware of the magic. They were literary able to feel each other over great distances. In the end it didn't matter. He would love her until the end of days. As far as he considered was love the strongest power of all. Hope you liked it. I forgot this last time but please review.