now considered a very good friend, one whose welfare I truly cared for. Thranduil stared at me in what appeared to be amazement. He opened his mouth to speak, but then closed it, beckoning for me to sit in the chair placed near the desk. "Stop this at once, Tanglinna," he said at long last, his expression almost kind. But I would have none of it. I glared at the floor once more, or I would be glaring at him. I did not sit, but stood with my fists clenched helplessly at my sides. Once started, I would not be stop until I had an answer, finding myself carried along like a leaf tossed into a flowing river current. "Stop what, Thranduil? Defending someone whom I trust my very life with? Stop making you uncomfortable because you have a decision to make and my words are not easing that any?" Slowly, I glance up at him, wanting him to see the sincerity that shaped these words. If he could see past my desperate anger. "I cannot believe that you would have given Alagaith such false hope. That is cruelty that I did not think you possessed! If you are going to tell me that he has no chance here, then be done with it!" I wanted it ended! I wanted him to decide one way or another, no more playing at word games.... Yet...his face took on an inscrutability that would have impressed Arasceleg. My shoulders slumped. "Passionate and touching," he said, the sarcasm biting into me and I feared I had indeed sentenced Alagaith to his life as a thief for all time, "as your words are, Tanglinna, you have not listened properly. I did not say that I was going to drive your precious 'friend' from this forest." The word 'friend' had been hissed with great derision and I felt my heart dying within me. Yet, what had he said? I found myself trying to see past the red haze of my anger that clouded my vision as he continued. "He may stay here, but in somewhat restricted freedom. And as you have brought me this thief, you will be his gaoler." I could not speak for a time, but merely stared at him, trying to 'listen properly' to what he had said. He had said Alagaith may stay? He had said that? Happiness welled within me and threatened to rip my face in half with an ever-widening smile that threatened. Yet.... "What do you mean his 'gaoler'?" I asked, wondering exactly what this did mean. Was Linlote going to have to return to the dungeon every night? Surely not! "Is that so hard to understand? You will make sure that this thief stays where he should be and does what he is supposed to do – he will be your responsibility as soon as he is released from the dungeons." A wry smile graced his lips then, eyes unreadable. "If it was not for that son of his, I would leave that duty to Ecthelhador – just keeping that thief in the dungeons and letting him out when it is necessary would be the easiest thing- But I can hardly make a mere elfling of twelve years a prisoner for months or years because his father has done wrong – so the thief will have to stay elsewhere, and as I would not burden any innocent with him, your house will be the place." I took a few ragged breaths, hardly believing what had just transpired. Had I listened properly, or was I dreaming this entire episode back in my cell? No, I was not dreaming for I had moved one hand to pinch my opposite arm...not that I believed that pinching oneself would really prove anything at all. Thank the Valar! Alagaith was to be freed and was to come and stay with me! I could easily have stood there some minutes, pondering what had been said, happily repeating Thranduil's words over and over again in my mind, but that would not have been a good thing. Thranduil might change his mind in that space of time; it was best to hasten away from here. "Thank you, Thranduil. I...I...." There were no words to adequately express what I was feeling at that moment. If I had tried, I would have failed to be eloquent and merely stammered rather confused bits of happiness and joy. "Thank you," I said, not even trying to find the correct words. "You will see...all will be...well." A grin did quirk my lips then, since those words had been used before in a rather odd situation and they had indeed proven true! They would prove true again in this case! Thranduil smiled then, a genuine smile filled with affection. "You may leave now, Master Archer," he said, waving a dismissing hand at me. I knew he must still harbour doubts about this decision, but at least Alagaith was being given a true chance! A true chance! I smiled at the king, bowed and backed from the room, my mind already on what I would tell Alagaith about what had transpired here, what things I would need to get since I lived alone and my home was not adequately stocked with food or bedding for more than one person. I mouthed "thank you" at Thranduil before closing the door behind me. I did not leap for joy until I was at least 10 feet away from the study door, and this time it was not Ecthelhador who sang, but me. It was rather a nice song after all. "Yet not the best with sword was he 'Twas chosen to face the thief, you see; But arrow swift and bended bow Was how he chose to down his foe. Yet forth the silver archer stood And tried to best the thief...if he could. Clinking, clashing, Blades a-flashing, Swords a silver flow. The one-eyed thief with wondrous skill Did bring the silver archer low." TBC