the kingdoms already trampled had come to join forces with the elves. The army was large. But would it be big enough to save everything? Thranduil doubted it. In just four days, the elven company surpassed the dwarvish one and set up lines at the very edges of Mirkwood. Or tried to, anyway. The host of some billions of orcs was slightly distracting. The dwarves stopped and smashed their axes against stone. Thranduil gulped. "Elves!" He called in their own tounge. "The orcs are clumsy in the forest. Our party that are not advanced on horseback shall fall to thee tree lines. Otherwise, stay out and die." The 15 thousand fell back into the trees, where they were twenty times as deadly. Under Thranduil's orders, the horses were tied up for now whilst the company fortified itself. The corpses of the trees were burned tough, the singed points easily able to pierce or cripple armor. Silven Elves cut up the blackened trees, sharpening them into deadly spikes. Men dug huge trenches, and the Silven Elves stuck their pikes in the bottoms. Every elf apologized as they chopped down a tree, but the forest did not seem to mind. The elves had been kind and caring for many years, the forest would gladly give itself for the elves protection. The chopped down trees were dug into place in-between the two sections of trenches. If the wall was somehow breached over the first trench, a second would open to meet them. Many bodies had been found in the fire. Bones of elves and creatures stuck like teeth from the wall of wood. Blood was doused over the wood to protect the material from catching fire. Everything left behind by the massacre was used. Nothing spared. The village elves pulled fresh branches from the trunks of the trees used for the walls. The smaller fingers and leaves and needles were tossed into one section of the spanning pits, to hide the spikes more. The branches were stripped of bark, the skin of the trees was used to fuel the many fires the elves and men had spread around for fire arrows and burning foes alive. Inside the camp, there were dozens of small pits the elves and men had to be careful not to fall into. There were no spikes in those. Just fire. The bare limbs were danced over the fire pits until they caught flame and were tossed back onto the ground. Elves poured water into other pits. Water full of floating chunks of shattered steel and bones like the skull that could not be turned into teeth for the walls. Everyone busied themselves, cutting down trees, stripping the bark and throwing it into the fire pits, adding new found pieces of shattered steel and bone and adding them to the already pointed edges of the water pits. More and more blackened sticks were stuck in the pits, and after that, the elves started crafting a field of hard spikes, blood drenched to fight flame. If an elf found the courage, they would look over the wall into the rising and falling slops of the fields. Spikes were hiding from all view held by the orcs. But still they churned, waiting. Before Thranduil had been aware, three years had already passed in this field, digging and fortifying. Preparing for the Battle of the Fringes of Mirkwood. One young boy, maybe now 19, had brought this to his attention. "We've been out here three long years, and still they do not come." "They should come on the fifth year." Thranduil replied, remembering the patterns orcs, from everywhere, liked to hold. "I'd rather like to die sooner." They'd stopped cutting trees down soon after the third year began. They now started to fill in cracks with wet mud that would dry and become near impossible to break. Thranduil finished a pit of spikes. Now the burned spikes were even more deadly. As time went on, days flew by, months passed, and years wilted, everyone began to become weary. Thranduil hadn't celebrated the feast of starlight for three years, now bordering on four. Every night, dwarves sharpened their axes, men boldend their blades, elves flexes their bows and fletched new reserves of oils. Every day, elves went to the sites of the genocide. Every month, a scout who had been seeking around the rest of Mirkwood would come back with no news but idleness. Every hour, the orcs screamed, a broiling mass hungering for blood. "When the day should come these orcs should attack and slay us all, I must ask you something." Legolas caught Thranduil's attention. "Yes?" "If we should survive, and live to make it back home after this battle, should you allow us to pledge?" Legolas didn't have to detail who 'us' were. "I should be proud, my dear son." All at once, on the cracking dawn of the fifth year, the raucous calls of the orcs grew louder and more intense. Their harsh tounge was floating out over the huge field, the gentle rising and falling slopes where spikes lay hidden. Thranduil understood their words, floating on the breeze. "ARM YOURSELVES!" Thranduil cried in elvish, dwarvish, and the common tounge. A surge of men and dwarves and elves went up as they pulled their blades. "FORM UP!" The men with spears linked together just inside the ditch on the inside of the wall. The archers clambered up the edge of the wall and prepared to fire. The dwarves mingled everywhere else with swordsmen, ready to defend to the last axe. The orcs were forming ranks, and the smallest ones were hurtling themselves forward. The high moon vanished behind a cloud, and a crackled of thunder made everyone start. These orcs brandished warhorns, and blew out a deep, long note. The note that brought death. Rain pounded down the fields, soaking the fires but thankfully not putting them out. The battle for the fringes of Mirkwood had begun. To be continued…..