pay attention to what was going on, could not have thought the hobbits were as fluid in their movements as they were now proving to be. One slip might prove fatal, but after a few moments, the hobbits prevailed. Pippin collapsed onto a rock, cradling his wrist to his chest and trying to keep the tears back. He had never killed before ... though he couldn't really say he regretted doing it. It was a creature of evil, after all. Still, his heart felt heavy at the thought of ending a life, even if it was a bad one. "Pip ... " Strider coughed weakly, calling to the hobbit. Pippin's tear-stained face jerked around to the man who had just saved his life. Again. "Strider!" Pippin rushed over to the man, sitting beside the taller frame that was still half buried in rocks. "Oh, Strider!" He pushed against one of the rocks that refused to budge. The other hobbits now joined him, straining against the remaining stones. But there was nothing for it - the ones that were left weren't going to move. "I'm sorry, Strider. We can't get you out!" Pippin let out a barking sob without meaning to. He felt something brush against his cheek ... trembling fingers, covered in blood and grime. "It's alright, little one. The others will be along soon." Strider said gently, trying to smile. His hand dropped against Pippin's leg as his strength waned, leaving him gasping for breath at the small action. Pippin scooted over and slowly raised Aragorn's head, settling it in his lap. He brushed the hair from the man's face while trying to wipe away some of the dirt and dried blood. Never before had he felt so strongly for a man or any other race. But this man ... this man had risked his life for the life of Pippin and his kin. And for a hobbit, there was no other sacrifice so great as that. And Pippin knew without a doubt, he would gladly do the same for Aragorn. "There's nothing for it." Sam sighed, looking at the rocks. "They're not going to move an inch." "I don't understand though! We moved the others easily enough!" Merry said angrily. "The other stones were merely the loose ones that had slide down from the top. Those are wedged in there tight ... and I don't know about you all, but I know nothing of stonework." Frodo quietly murmured. "But ... Gimli does. Perhaps they are on the other side, burrowing this way!" "Aye Merry, perhaps they are. We can only hope ... there is little else we can do." Sam said. --- "Surely we have to be close by now! They weren't that far ahead!" Legolas blinked the grit from his eyes, laying a pointed ear against the stones. "I can hear nothing!" He was desperate to get to the others, worry and fear gnawing at his very core. What if Aragorn hadn't made it across? What if the goblins had prevailed in the fight with the hobbits and were now setting a trap for them? These thoughts and more swirled about in his already aching head. "Of course you can't laddie." Gimli grumbled, heaving rock by rock from the pile. "This stone is thick and old, you won't be able to hear a thing even if it was but an inch wide! We are almost through, however." "And how would you know, dwarf?" "Because, elf! I was raised around stones as you were raised around trees! I understand them." Legolas didn't bother to reply, instead working harder to move the rocks. They had made their way through quite a bit, and there couldn't be much further to go. He hoped, anyway. After a long few moments, they finally broke through, revealing Aragorn's legs and waist. Legolas gasped at the sight of them; blood stained the human's legs, centered around his knee. The cause of the wound was clearly visible to the others. Aragorn's dagger, which had at first been located on his belt, was now lodged firmly in the area just above his knee. "Oh Estel!" Legolas removed the remaining rocks, handing them off to Gimli, who tossed them to Boromir. Boromir grunted, glaring at the dwarf. "About time." Aragorn mumbled, his head still pillowed in Pippin's lap. "I'm sorry Estel," Legolas said, glancing at the dead goblins. "Some rather large stones laid between us that blocked our way." "Always making excuses." Aragorn snorted. "While you all were back there the hobbits were busy doing all the work!" "While you just lazed around, I'm sure." Legolas hissed, checking the rest of Aragorn's injuries." "Ha ha." The man looked around to make sure the hobbits had walked a little ways away with Gandalf, before turning serious eyes on Legolas. "Mellon nin, you must leave me here. I will not be able to travel the rest of Moria." "Leave you? Oh dear, the fever must have set in. There's no way in Middle Earth we'd leave you. Sam himself would skin me alive. If Pippin doesn't beat him to it!" "Then how do you propose we get out of here? With me slowing you all down, we're almost sitting ducks!" Aragorn gasped as Legolas yanked the dagger from his leg, glaring at the elf. "You were distracted." Legolas said in defense of himself. "And as for us getting out of here, there is a reason we are a fellowship. We are not leaving you, nor anybody else, as long as there is an inch of life left in you. We will simply rest here until you can walk, and then make our escape. If trouble comes, we will deal with it." "Prissy elf." Aragorn snorted. "Fine. Have it your way." "I will. Besides," Legolas winced. "Elrond would have my head on a plate if I even thought of leaving you in a cave." "That he would, Legolas. That he would!" --- The End Reviews and comments are greatly appreciated:)