him for a few hours and then he will be very testy because I didn't help him out of his bath and he turned into a prune..." "So?" said Gimlet. "Leave him be. I was just telling Frank how I had this amazing idea—" "Stupid idea rather." Interrupted Frank tiredly. "He wants to pull a Legumes and be what his name is." "So..." said Merry slowly, "What is a Gimlet?" "I actually don't know," said Gimlet embarrassed. "Sounds like a piece of meat or something." "It's a drink with gin or vodka with lime juice." Said Sam knowledgably. "How do you know?" asked Gimlet amazed. "Well bein' 'round Mr. Fondue so much drives one to well... drink... a lot." "Completely understandable." "Well," asked Merry curiously, "how does one be a drink?" "I suppose the personage being the drink should be drunk by someone." Said Gimlet slowly. "Any volunteers?" Everybody suddenly looked frightened. They began to all back away very slowly. "Well if there be no volunteers, we'll have to let the mighty axe decide." Gimlet placed his axe on the ground and spun it forcefully. It spun and spun and the remaining members of the Fellowship apart from Fondue stared entranced. Finally it inexorably stopped with the blade pointing squarely at Merry. "Oh no." Said Merry fearfully. "Oh no you don't!" "Oh yes I do!" said Gimlet in a rather frightening voice. "Drink me!" And with that, Gimlet stood—dropping the mithril coat—and charged at Merry. Merry took off as fast as his hobbit legs could carry him. The two disappeared over the horizon and were never seen or heard from ever again. "Saaaaaaaaam!" Fondues piercing voice shattered the stunned silence left in Merry and Gimlet's wake. "Saaaaaaaaam! Get me out of my bath, dry me off, and you still haven't gotten me that cup of tea. What the blazes have you been doing?" Sam sighed heavily, chugged from a hip flask that no one had noticed he was carrying, and hurried off to see to Mr. Fondue. Frank was left by himself. He pulled out his pipe, stuffed it full of Hobbit weed and began to smoke. How had this quest gone to Hell so quickly? It was supposed to be easy, he would get to walk quite a bit (Arwen was complaining that he was getting a belly, in his defense he was eighty-seven and starting to feel it. Instead of fighting Orcs he would much rather kick back and watch football.), fight a couple of orcs, raise the dead, and make a few awesome and sexy speeches. And in the end, be crowned King, and get to marry the love of his life. Simple right? Well now there were only three members of the fellowship remaining. Himself, Fondue the whiner, and Sam the drunk. How on Middle Earth were they supposed to save the World. Slowly, the Hobbit weed began to addle his brain and he began to think about his lost companions. Maybe they had the right idea after all. "What are you thinking about?" Fondue asked from behind him. "My name and what I could do to be it." "That's just weird." Replied Fondue. "Well it's easy enough for you, you can be a fondue. But what about me? Frank is just a name. How can one be a frank?" "Well," said Sam knowledgably, "a frank is a type of sausage—" "No one asked you Sam!" Fondue shouted. "Where's my tea?" "Right away Mr. Fondue..." sighed Sam. "A sausage... A sausage..." Frank said allowed as he thought really hard. "Well I like sausages, but I like stake better... That's it! I will open a steak house. Frank's Stake House! What do you think?" "Well you are rather rugged—" "That is perfect Fondue! Frank's Rugged Steak House! And, as Vandal was the distributer of our pay cheques, and as he is dead, what is the point of carrying on with this quest anyways? I am going into the restaurant industry. I will be able to live out my life in piece without dealing with you people." "Would you need a cook?" Sam asked eagerly. "Of course You could be the cook Sam! I can put up with you at least." "I forbid you Sam!" Fondue shrieked. "You are coming with me." "Where? To finish the quest?" "No. I think Pipeline was right. We shouldn't go to anyplace that has the word doom in the title. It's just wrong. So no Mount Doom for me. I'm going home. I'm going to sell the... precious on EBay and then... I don't know. Perhaps I won't sell it. Yes that's for the best. I'll keep it and... become the dark lord of the Shire! Everyone will love me and will bow down to my every whim." "Uh... thanks but no thanks." Sam said as he backed slowly away from Fondue towards Frank. "I am going to be a cook." "Listen to your master Sam." Fondue said beseechingly. "Hmm. Go with a master who abuses me, makes me do all the work, and will get all the glory for destroying the ring when it is I who carries him up the bloody mountain and then Gollum who destroys it, or go with Frank and fulfill my dreams of being a chef... Which sounds better? I think I'll choose the latter." So Frank and Sam walked off, in search of a nice place to build their restaurant. Fondue was left behind, staring sadly with his big blue puppy dog eyes. But there was no one around to fall under their spell. So, what happened to the ring? Is Middle Earth doomed to fall under the tyranny of a little midget? Well that's a tale for a different day. Character List: Vandal the Pink and Sparkly: Gandalf the Grey Pipeline: Pippin Merry: Merry Sam: Sam Fondue: Frodo Frank: Aragorn (his name wasn't autocorrected so I gave him the first name that popped into my head) Legumes: Legolas Gimlet: Gimli Baronet: Boramir Please review.