prince of Mirkwood. 'Was it worth it?' Aragorn asked. 'Was all the trouble I've cost you worth it? I mean, he is barely at home. Always in trouble and then I've not even mentioned all you had to put up to before being allowed to marry him.' Aryal thought about the rangers words. He had simply just stated facts. It hadn't been easy for her. But in the end. 'It was worth it. It isn't about the fight, nor the trouble. I love him, that is the only thing that matters. You hadn't had it easy either, with Arwen as the woman you love.' Aragorn smiled at that comment. He and Arwen had faced a lot of trouble together. Not everybody had been happy with their marriage as well. Flashback I'm sick of waiting!' Metzar shouted at Aragorn. Legolas lay still unconscious on Aragorn's lap. His breathing had calmed down and was more regular now. Metzar had been screaming at Aragorn for quite some time now, but the king wasn't paying attention. He focussed on his best friend. Because of his rage, it took Metzar some time to realise that Aragorn hadn't listened. You'll pay for that. He thought and stormed out of the cell. It took Metzar's return for Aragorn to realise, that his captor had left in the first place. 'You won't give me my land and you won't acknowledge me.' Metzar spoke these words with a deadly tone. The tone of his voice almost stopped Aragorn's heart. 'You'll pay for that.' Metzar finished. Aragorn had feared, that Metzar would pronounce those words. 'Seize him.' Metzar ordered. Two guards came out of nowhere and grabbed Aragorn. They lifted him and put the king on his feet. This action made Legolas' head fall on the ground. 'No.' Aragorn tried, but his words sounded weak from exhaustion. 'You had your chance, King.' Metzar spat. Pronouncing the last word like a curse. Legolas chose that time to wake up. He moaned. Metzar gave a smile. 'Welcome to the land of the living. You get one last chance to say farewell to it.' Legolas' eyes grew wide. He hadn't known what had happened, but it was obvious what Metzar meant. 'Get him on his knees.' The guard obeyed silently. Legolas wasn't able to fight him. 'How does it feel, my lord, knowing that your friend is going to die by your sword.' While Metzar said that, he drew Anduril. Aragorn's eyes went cold. He was terrified, Anduril was Elendil's sword, a sword of kings. He was furious that Metzar had taken it. But even that anger couldn't cloud the guilt that he felt. Legolas himself was calm. He looked at the sharp sword. If it had to end, than he was honoured that he was going to die by means of Anduril. He closed his eyes and waited for the final blow. It felt like hours, but the blow never came. When he finally dared to open his eyes. He saw Metzar, who had sunk to his knees, with an arrow coming from his chest. He looked behind Metzar and saw Aryal standing, with her bow in her hands and horror on her face. At last they were save and Legolas let darkness take him. Aryal had heard what Metzar had said from outside the cell. Her men had had trouble opening the door. With every second that passed, she feared she had lost her husband. Her heart had jumped from relieve when her husband had stared back at her. As soon as he had collapsed she had been there to catch him. Her men were fighting the guards. Aragorn lay on the ground, because of his broken ankle he had fallen. Unfortunately he had fallen on his head. When she found that her husband was still breathing she was relieved. They were safe. Real time Aragorn had fallen asleep again. Aryal sat besides Legolas' bed. She had come to their rescue, though she feared she had been too late. 'No I can't think like that, at least Aragorn will be alright.' She whispered to herself. She still didn't sound completely positive. For the first time since her childhood, she felt tears falling from her eyes. She hated this feeling of helplessness. There was nothing she could do. Legolas felt tears falling on his face. For the first time, since what felt like forever he felt something. He felt like he was being pulled back. Back into his body. He just wasn't sure he wanted to. He was save from pain where he was. However, when he felt Aryal's pain he knew he couldn't stay there. Slowly colour was returning to his face. 'I can't lose you. I wouldn't survive that.' Aryal said quietly. She had placed her head against Legolas' shoulder and couldn't see his face. 'You won't lose me.' Came and even softer reply. Aryal almost jumped up at the answer. She hadn't been expected it. She stared right into her husband's eyes and her heart jumped with joy. 'How is Estel?' Legolas' voice was stronger. Aryal didn't look surprised at the question. She pointed at Aragorn who was still sleeping. 'He'll be fine. He had barely left your side,' she decided to take the subject back to Legolas himself. 'How are you feeling?' She knew this question was probably a waist of breath. Legolas stared back at her. Noticing her being tired, he decided to be honest. 'My chest and shoulder hurt. My head feel's light. But I'll live.' Aryal was surprised at the honesty of that answer but let it go. 'I know you will live, now that your awake.' She was happy and it was visible on her face and in her voice. Aragorn was starting to wake up and soon Legolas would go tired of lying down. Her husband was too stubborn for his own good. At least she knew that everything would be alright. Anyway, until the next time Legolas and Aragorn went out alone.