seat and almost immediately her eyes shifted to the wall clock on the other side of the room which read 10:00 am. She had only been gone for an hour. "Psst!" Eadaion jumped a little bit and turned to the boy next to her, "Are you okay?" he whispered. "Y-yes," Eadaion answered, her shock making her stumble just a tad, "W-why do you ask?" "Well, you practically passed out in your seat. One moment you were wide awake, then you were fast asleep. Of course, you did miss the lesson," Eadaion's face paled at this, "but it's okay; it was just a rundown of what we already know, nothing to worry about." he reassured with an amused grin. He then adds, "You are, however, lucky that Ms. Lundgren didn't notice you were asleep. And that we're near the back of the class." ஜ۩۞۩ஜ Time wore on after her first encounter with Middle Earth, and Eadaion did her very best to concentrate in school and daily life, but it was quite a challenge. Often, her thoughts would drift back to Tawarthion. There was something about his spirit that drew her to him, and she wanted to know what it was. She often prayed about it, for it was a nagging feeling (much like the kind you get when have a project due and you don't realize it until the last minute) which would not go away. One night, while Eadaion was fast asleep, she found herself back in Middle Earth. This time, however, she had been placed by Tawarthion's home instead of in the middle of Mirkwood. And there, standing by her as she lay on the ground, was Tawarthion, and he watched as the hand of light ascended into the clouds and his attention turned back to Eadaion. He leaned down and said in a gentle voice, "Welcome back." Within the passage of time their visits became a normal thing for the two. Tawarthion would teach her things of Middle Earth and whenever he was taken to her world, she'd show him wonderful things that he might not have known already (and they often exchanged silly riddles and tongue twisters to pass time). It was within this time and the passing of more time that the two formed an inseparable bond and became very precious to each other. To be clear, it wasn't a bond of romantic love, but a deeply rooted friendship that could not be undone. Tawarthion cherished this friendship enough to tell her what his true name is, one that very, very few among his fellow elves know. Then the visits stopped. For a long time they did not see each other and their souls were downcast, but there was nothing they could do about this matter. So, with heavy hearts they continued on with their lives, keeping their sadness a secret from watching eyes. The two souls prayed for relief of this sadness, for it to be taken away. Their prayers were answered, but not in a way that you'd expect; in more ways than one it was revealed to them that they made the mistake of putting their spiritual lives on hold for each other: they were relying on each other for happiness instead of the Lord, and when they realized this mistake, they were deeply grieved, for they had forgotten the one who loved them first. During this time, they learned not to rely on people or material things for happiness but to trust in God for their joy (for He is where true joy comes from), and how to share this joy with others. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ One day, while Tawarthion was on his way home, he stopped mid-step when he saw a rather familiar light descending from the clouds. His breath hitched in his throat, his heart skipped a beat, and for a long moment he was frozen on the spot until he took one (somewhat tentative) step at a time, and those steps quickly turned to long strides as he sped across the well-traveled route to his home. Eadaion was sitting against the trunk of one of the trees surrounding Tawarthion's house enjoying the peace and sunlight when he found her, and when Eadaion looked up to him, she smiled. A smile he knew too well, and missed very much. As soon as she was on her feet she found herself swallowed up in Tawarthion's arms and a chuckle escapes her as she hugs him back. "He brought you back to me," she heard him say in his ever gentle voice and the girl lightly patted his head as her smile grew. That night, the two souls spent the rest of the evening exchanging stories, more riddles and tongue twisters until they became too tired from laughter and sleep to form coherent sentences and drifted off into a restful slumber. Their bond only continued to grow with time. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ A content sigh escapes Eadaion as she takes a good look at the portrait before her. After confirming the portrait finished (and trying her best to dismiss the mistakes that only she noticed) she gently took it in hand and made haste to the living room to show her parents. "Ah, so this is Tawarthion?" her father asks and receives excited nods from Eadaion, "he looks a lot like how you described him to me. It's very well done, sweetheart. However, he practically stares into your soul the longer you look at it." he adds (which elicits laughter from the two ladies) as he passes the portrait to his wife. A small series of knocks resounds throughout the first floor of the house and Eadaion hurries to the front door as her mother went on about how beautiful the painting was. When she opened the great mahogany door, her jaw dropped ever so slightly and her eyes lit up; standing on the other side was Tawarthion who smiles warmly at his dearest friend, and that smile makes a smile of her own come across.