of the halls, the ominous glow from the street lamps outside her only light. "H-hello?" She called, eyes wide and fearful behind her thick spectacles. No answer. Had she imagined it? "Of course you did, you dickhead." Elle scolded herself, turning away just as the same soft, feminine voice whispered out once more. Elle . She started, her body stiff and gripped with terror. Elle stepped slowly out into the main floor, her eyes scanning wildly for any sign of life. "This- This isn't funny!" Her voice echoed, to no answer. "Come out, asshole! I'll call the police!" Her words shook. Hardly the intimidating picture she'd hoped for. Do not be afraid, little one . Elle jumped, scrambling from the door and whipping around as she raised her hand nervously to the back of her neck. She could have sworn the voice had been directly behind her! Goosebumps ran riot across her skin as she broke out into a nervous sweat. Shaking her head, Elle clenched her eyes shut in response. "My god, please , leave me alone!" She cried out. After a few moments standing there in the dark, shaking and terrified, Elle finally lowered her hands from her face and peered around. Nothing. Her heart was thumping in her throat and didn't seem to want to calm down as Elle spun full circle in search of anything amiss. "Hello...?" Complete silence. Well, save for the cars passing outside anyway. Finally releasing the breath she'd pent up inside her chest, Elle stepped toward the main doors with her set of keys jingling in her hands. With her body still on complete alert, she made a run for it toward the doors when the voice spoke once more. Élodie . Elle stopped dead in her tracks, her breath hitching in her throat. What did it call her...? In that split instant, all fear was erased from Elle's mind and posture. She straightened slowly, turning toward the sound. A blue orb glowed eerily in the dark just a few feet away, dancing before her eyes as the sweetest voice caressed her ears, drowning her in a state of serenity. Little one, it is time. Elle nodded blindly, her eyes innocently wide as her lenses reflected back the blue light emanating from the orb. Her mind was perfectly blank and at peace. All she knew was that she had to, no, wanted to follow that sweet voice. With each step she took, the orb floated back, frolicking just out of reach of her outstretched fingers. Elle needed to touch it, she felt it in every bone of her body. If only it would stop jumping about like a skittish deer and actually let her. Follow me, it whispered to her, filling her senses, Follow me to who you really are . She followed. Staggering about like a desperate drunk, sure, but still followed as the orb led her down through the stacks until they could go no further. Elle was breathing hard, in rapture as she shuffled closer and closer to her prize. And just as her fingertips reached out, finally making contact and slipping blessedly beneath the oddly cool surface of the blue light, her senses returned full pelt. Elle recoiled like it were a hot poker, but it was too late. Her screams went unheard as she was sucked into the alien substance, and gone in a blinding flash of white light. Follow me, little wolf ... Hope you all enjoyed this little tidbit to begin with! Gotta build the foundation, and all that jazz ;) PLEASE, don't forget to leave a review, good or bad, the feedback tells me not only what you want, but how I can be better! Follow/Favourite too if you liked! *EDIT* I just wanted to add this little note here guys. As I straighten out in Chapter 1 (at the intro) there is a reason why Elle has violet eyes and not brown/amber, like a normal wolf. It's because it's so important to have that distinguishing characteristic between her and the wolf. This eye colour is not unbelievable however, as it is an ACTUAL eye colour. Google it. Elizabeth Taylor had violet eyes. It's a genetic disorder. As well as that, I wanted an eye colour that could exist in both realms and still be distinguishing, drawing that distinction between the genetic disorder thought to have been bred out, to the werewolf disorder thought to have been bred out. It was supposed to be a clever similarity between the two worlds that happened to fit for one person. ALL the werewolves, including Draugluin the sire, have violet eyes in my story. That is not canon, but it is what I needed for Radagast to recognise what she was. Please stop telling me an unusual eye colour is a Mary Sue deal. I know it is, but this isn't because I like the colour (Personally I would have preferred green with her hair). It has a purpose in this story that is paramount. Otherwise for all Radagast knew, she was just a normal wolf with no human soul taken from her. If I wanted to make it canon, she would have had to have red eyes. But that would have been even more unusual and unbelievable in the human world, and TOO distinguishing in Middle-Earth that she'd likely be attacked on the street. Again, there is a purpose to EVERYTHING I put in this story, even if you can't see it yet! All will be revealed! alisonkerr . files . wordpress (add dot com here) / 2011 / 03 / elizabeth-taylor . jpg ^ The closest thing I could find to how I picture her eyes. See, not too insane! ^ (Remove spaces, etc) remember guys, violet isn't purple. It's a dark bluey colour that has a dash of purple to it. So much love, and so much devotion! Thanks to all who took the time to read this! Until next time, - T xo