corner to the right of the bar, just before walking into sight of the table I took a deep breath and just walked straight for me father. "Papa…," I said. They all turned and looked at me Frodo and Merry said a very cheerful "Diamond, good te see you! Here to pick up your father are ya." I said a polite, "Hello Merry, Fordo," trying not to look over at Pippin, "Hello Pippin" I said just to be polite "Oh Allo Diamond" he replied giving and quick smile then turning his head off to a corner. Then I turned to my father "Papa, it's time to go home now I think you've had enough for tonight and you have all tomorrow to drink and celebrate!" "I think I know when I've had enough," my father replied in a gruff voice and then turning to a softer tone swaying a bit as he talked said, "ah well your probably right." Then turning to the rest "Well good talking to ya lads, see you tomorrow.", drained the rest of his pint. "Your not going to walk all the way home are, at least not in your state Oren…I doubt you'll make it" said Frodo and by the look of his face he had some kind of plan cooking then Merry piped in "Ya, and why should you Pippin's got the wagon here and he could take you two home." "Oh well that would be good ..." my father chimed in. "What…" Pippin said in a shock voice and then before any of them could speak I answered "That's alright I saw that father brought our wagon so I think we'll be alright, thank you for the offer." "Yes I do believe I did bring it, well then I guess were off now." father said this in a somewhat defeated tone and with the same tone Merry and Frodo wished us a safe journey home. Pippin was still sitting there confused as we left and also if I hadn't known better some disappointment. But why would he be disappointed, right as if he wanted to give me a ride home. On the way to the wagon that's all I could think of was he looked like he was sad and disappointed… but why…. "Daughter would you give me a hand?" my father said putting his hand on my shoulder, all the beer was hitting him now because of him having to get up "Yes papa." I said giving him a hand and helping him into the back of the wagon, there was no way he would be able to sit up front with out falling off. He sat down and I walked to the front of the wagon hitched up the horses and started off for home. And as I drove I thought of the look on Pippin's face he looked sad…why did he look so sad… maybe he was talking to Merry about me….and he lost his nerve and went to the Green Dragon instead…. I began to smile and my heart started to fluttery a bit. That has to be it… he was coming lost his nerve and Fordo and Merry started planning…papa…papa knew to that's why he was already to agree, him having the wagon spoiled the plan…..but Pippin didn't seem like he knew… ideas of this huge conspiracy swam through my head and my heart pounded faster with every thought, I went off into my own world off and on, only ever awoken form it by a sharp bump and my father's growls. "Watch the road!" "And I though I was drunk." "Do you need me to drive Diamond." and I always replied "No…no I'm alright, it is dark out you know, bumps in the road are common." When we finally arrived home papa was just falling asleep, so to let him have a little bit of a nap I put the horse into the bran and then unlocked the door of the house. I also made his bed ready so when I brought him in I could put him right to bed. So walking over to the back of the wagon, there was my father a little nudge and said, "Papa…papa we're home now." His eyes fluttered open and with a soft growl said, "Already…well better get up then eh." Sitting up on the edge of the wagon he swayed with every motion, and it looked as if maybe his head was to heavy for him to stay balanced. So I put his arm around my shoulder and we began to walk towards the door, we swayed back and forth. With a lot of stumbling and swaying we made it into the house and I got my father to his bed. He just flopped on to his bed and like a mother tucking in her child I pulled the covers over him and kissed his forehead just as I began to walk away he said, "You're a good girl…" I went back to his bed and kneeled beside him. Looking into my eyes with tears in his own he spoke again, "You look so much like your mother…I can see her in you eyes." then tears began to roll down his face. And sobbing he said, "I don't know what I would have done if I would have lost you too…" "Shhh…Papa its alright I'm here an I always will." "But you shouldn't spend your life taking care of a foolish old man, you should be happy." Now with tears in my own eyes I replied moving the hair from his eyes "I am happy Papa…don't worried about me you go to sleep now…everything's okay." And shortly after he shut his eyes and whispered "I love you….and so does he." "I love you to Papa…" I sat there and stared and him a while thinking …and so does he…who's he… I slowly got up and quietly shut the door still thinking …he…he loves me…but who could that mean…