not the end. I felt life in me again. I've been sent back until my task is done." "Gandalf," Aragorn whispered. "Gandalf? Oh yes. That is what they used to call me. Gandalf the Grey. That was my name." "Gandalf," Gimli echoed. "I am Gandalf the White now. And I come back to you now at the turn of the tide." The five of them turned and, following Gandalf, retraced their path, heading back out of the forest. "One stage of your journey is over. Another begins. War has come to Rohan. We must ride to Edoras with all speed," Gandalf instructed, taking long strides. "Edoras? That is no short distance," Gimli observed, barely keeping up with his long-legged companions. "We hear of trouble in Rohan. It goes ill with the king," Aragorn said, sharing his knowledge with their old friend. "Yes, and it will not be easily cured. It will take much of my power." "Then we have come all this way for nothing? We are to leave the hobbits here in this horrid, dark, dank, tree-infested—" The trees began to groan, speaking angrily to each other again. "I mean, charming, quite charming, forest?" Lalaith laughed quietly at Gimli's swift change in opinion. The dwarf was easily frightened by things that he did not fully understand. "It was more than chance that brought Merry and Pippin to Fangorn. A great power has been sleeping here for many long years. Merry and Pippin will be like the small rocks that start an avalanche on the mountain." "I see that one thing has not changed, my friend," Aragorn said good naturedly to Gandalf. "You still speak in riddles." "A thing is going to happen that has not happened since the elder days. The Ents are going to wake up… and find that they are strong." "Strong!?" Gimli exclaimed unbelievingly, and upon hearing the trees begin to rustle quickly added, "Oh, that's good." "So stop your fretting, Master Dwarf. Merry and Pippin are quite safe. Safer than you are about to be." "Wonderful. The new Gandalf is more grumpy than the old one," Gimli murmured to himself. Once on the edge of the forest, Gandalf whistled piercingly, and a beautiful white stallion galloped to him. "That is one of the Mearas, unless my eyes are cheated by some spell," Legolas observed. "Shadowfax," Gandalf informed them. "He's the lord of all horses and he has been my friend through many dangers." The others' horses followed Shadowfax to Gandalf. The five of them mounted and started riding back through Rohan, heading toward Edoras, the Rohan capital. "You knew all along, didn't you?" Legolas asked, falling back to ride beside Lalaith. Gimli was still seated behind him on Arod. "Yes, and you suspected. I never named the White Wizard." "You implied. You knew what we suspected, and did not correct us." "What would be the fun of that?" she laughed. "I offered you enough clues, I thought if you were clever enough, you could come to the correct conclusion. I needed a laugh after where I have traveled alone," she said, becoming suddenly solemn. "You live up to your name, my lady. I admit, it is nice to have another elf along for the time being, but I will not allow you to accompany us after Edoras." "You have no power to stop me. You will not make me remain in Edoras or return home. I enjoy travel more than anything." "You are a lady. You should be with your people, not ramping all over the land, getting in danger. Your family must be worried." "Because I am a lady, does not mean I wish to be there, at home forever. I was raised thinking that that was the only thing I could do, but I wanted more. My cousins taught me how to fight, and since then, I was not able stay in Lothlorien. I longed for adventure. You are a prince and you are on the most dangerous journey you could possibly volunteer for." "I am a prince; you are a lady . There is a difference." "Yes. A minor one; a purely physical one. I can fight as well as you can. Test me if you like." "Orcs will see you as a weakness. They will attack you more than any of us." "And I will fight them. Do you think that I am not accustomed to it; I have traveled alone for years. You said before that you had heard of me. Give me a chance. I will not hinder you," she promised. "You are a lady ." "As you have said. You are a prince and you travel, explain to me the difference." "I explained to you—" "Other than the gender," she added quickly. "I can defend myself, you on the other hand…" "What makes you think that I cannot? I have journeyed Middle-earth for more than a few years. Do you not think that if I had been unable to defend myself that I would be dead by now? I have been to Mordor and back. That is where I was returning from when I saw the Rohirrim surround you." "You have been to Mordor?" he asked respectfully, not fully believing her. "Why would you go there?" "I heard rumors that after the Shadow was banished from Mirkwood it returned to its old fortress in Mordor. I went to find certainty." "It is true, is it not?" "I should think you would know that. It is what your quest is about, but yes. Not only has it fled to Mordor, but he is gathering all evil armies to him. He is getting ready to wage war on all the good of Middle-earth." A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. Leave me a review if you would like to read more. I'm hoping to upload a chapter per week which should be fairly easy since the story is completed - I only need to edit each chapter before uploading.