Olympic gymnasts, yet she had not seen anyone who could climb up a near 40 meters tall tree with such ease and speed, apart from documentaries about monkeys she had watched before. She watched in awe as he reached the top of the pine tree in mere seconds, and he stayed at the top motionless, looking towards the direction of roads and houses. The situation was getting creepier again. Shannon turned and quickly loaded her lounger into her car. A small voice in her worried if he could get down safely by himself, but a larger voice urged her to focus more on her own perseverance. She got into her car and started the engine. She took another glance of the cosplayer and paused. Is he looking to my direction now? Wait… what!? Is he jumping down from that height? He was not exactly doing a free fall from the top of the tree, but jumping down effortlessly from branch to branch, each seemed to be quite far apart. Now he is definitely doing better than a monkey. Shannon quickly released the brake and pulled away. Her heartbeat started to quicken again as her assumption of this person started to sway again, now leaning back more towards the non-human category. She increased her speed in hope of reaching the road faster, but suddenly a human figure appeared in front of her car. Everything happened too quickly, and she reflexively tried to reach the brake but she knew she could not avoid hitting the person. Her car stopped abruptly and Shannon's body threw forward and then backward forcefully into the carseat absorbing the impact. Under the blinding headlamps she recognized the one standing in front of her car was the cosplayer. She frantically fell out of the car and ran to him. "Oh my gosh! Are you alright?" Shannon shrieked and looked anxiously between him and her car. The cosplayer looked at her impassively with his right hand pressing down her car, forming a hand-shaped dent on the hood. Her BMW Coupé was supposed to be quite sturdily built, but now it was dented as if it had hit a large boulder instead of a fleshy human. That couldn't be. And shouldn't he still be far at the trees? Shannon was dumbfounded. He started talking to her again, his hands gesturing her car and he looked slightly remorseful. Is he apologizing for denting my car? Shannon's thought was running in rampage again, going through facets of her observation and tried to do a quick analysis. Skin and hair glowing in the dark. Pointy ears. Unnaturally beautiful. Medieval look. Incomprehensible language. Inhuman speed, strength and agility. All these seemed to point to someone not from this country. Not from this planet. She trembled with this sudden realisation and gaped at him, while he stared back with a tinge of concern. HE IS AN ALIEN! Shannon had always been a great science fiction fans, with "Contact" as her all time favourite movie. Since she was a little girl she had been dreaming of what she would do if she could meet an alien. She would imagine aliens that managed to arrive this planet be sensible enough to stay discreet and low profile, avoid meddling with humans or at least keep their presence known to few. She thought those Hollywood's films of aliens attacking humans (and all managed to fail) were utterly ridiculous. If a civilization could wield such knowledge and power to land on another planet across the universe, how would it possible they could be defeated or outsmarted by humans, whose furthest they could set foot on was just their nearby satellite? When facing a race which possessed technology and knowledge probably hundreds of generations more advanced than Men, Shannon believed the best approach was try to be civil and made peace with them rather than acting hostile. The alien in front of her was nothing like what she had imagined. He was nothing like the typical goblin or E.T. like creatures most media liked to depict as. Why dressed as a medieval man? Was that really his homeland's normal attire, or he tried to blend in human society but got the era off by a millennium? Which planet did he come from? What was his mission on Earth? Endless questions kept popping up in her mind. But first of all, Shannon decided she need to say something to him and express herself as a civilised human with no ill intentions. She then recalled their earlier encounter and flinched at the thought of hitting and screaming at him. She was determined to make this straight again. Shannon straightened herself up and cracked the sweetest smile she could manage. The alien seemed puzzled at the sudden change of moods of this little human again and looked warily to her. "Um… hello, sorry for forgetting my manners previously," she tried to use her most cheerful, friendly tone. "Errm… how are you?" The alien kept staring at her with utter confusion. She started to fidget. Oh dear I have to do this right. She tried to smile even brighter, ignoring how ludicrous she looked and how awkward the whole situation was. She then pointed to herself. "My name is Shannon Fraser. You can call me Shannon." And then she pointed to him, gesturing him for his turn. The alien kept staring. She repeated her name a few times more, wavering her hands back and forth in hopes of helping to make her message clearer. Is there a universal, I mean, interplanetary way of doing self introduction? She started to worry. Then as if finally realized what she meant, the alien virtually relaxed, his expression became gentler with a small smile gracing his handsome face. Are all aliens this good-looking? Shannon was mesmerized. "Shannon." The alien pointed to her and pronounced her name in thick accent. Shannon brightened and nodded enthusiastically. The alien seemed to channel her excitement. His eyes twinkled and pointed to himself. "Legolas."