been injured. The Coalition was barely able to hold their lines and they only did so because of the demoralizing effect that the barrage of the archers had on the enemy troops. The battle quickly came to a standstill with neither side gaining ground and both sides taking heavy losses. Rogash had been killed early on in the battle when he tried to kill Elrond who quickly dispatched the behemoth troll because of his swordsmanship that had been perfected for several millennia. Also, most of the trolls, who had been foremost in the battle, had been slain, but only after they had killed an entire brigade of the Gondorian foot soldiers. However, during the entire battle, the Witch-King had sat atop his fell mount watching the battle from a pier of rock in the inner most tier of his fortress. He knew that the battle was beyond recovery when the Coalition pushed the remaining orcs and men into the second level, dwindling his forces down to just the remains of Karsh's soldiers and his own personal bodyguard. What puzzled him though was that Earnur hadn't sent his veteran knights charging through the ranks of his troops to finish off what was left of his once vast forces. Earnur and Elrond were no fools, they knew if they tried a mounted charge against Karsh's forces, it would turn into a rout, the fear that the Wraith exhumed would overpower their control of the horses and completely stop the charge. Fortunately, Karsh had underestimated Elrond's perception. As the stealthy wraith closed in to assassinate Earnur who was standing beside Elrond, he was suddenly cut down by a swift and terrible blade that had been infused with the power of Elrond's ring of power. This force turned the wraith from a terrible, ghostly assassin back into the shade of a noble captain of men. "Thank you," said Caftan who was now freed of the Iron Crown. "You are most welcome," replied Elrond, "Go now to the halls of your forefathers and be at peace." With a sigh, Caftan disappeared into nothing and was gone. The Witch-King audibly groaned when he saw his deadliest servant defeated and that Earnur and Glorfindel had mounted up along with all of the Gondorian Knights and Elvish Lancers and had begun a charge into the remainder of Karsh's forces. He knew it would be a complete and total rout and that he would have to escape through the secret way that only he himself knew about. "You may have won the war and destroyed my kingdom," yelled the Witch-King, "But I have many fortresses and you, Earnur, shall die by my hand before your reign is over!" With that, the Witch-King turned and fled out of the ravine, destroying the passage as he went. Earnur, however was ready to take the Witch-King on at that moment and spurred the charge all the way through the most battle-hardened of the enemy's troops scattering them. Glorfindel saw what the human king was planning to do and cut him off. "Remember what I said Earnur" began the elf, "the Witch-King will not die by the hand of any man that is alive or ever shall be alive!" With that, Earnur turned his forces and charged through the remainder of the army and completely slaughtered all that did not give themselves up. The sound of triumphant war cries and the loud blaring of trumpets could be heard for miles, and all things that were good took heart, while all evil things fled and hid themselves. Those of the enemy's soldiery that had not been killed were swiftly set to work tearing down the Witch-King's fortress. The leaders of the Coalition were shocked to see the condition of many of the Dunedain who had been captured earlier in the war had been held prisoner in Carn Dum and many were still alive, though barely. These, the leaders immediately gave care to and sent back to Rivendell by wagon. Peace had returned to the North and almost the entirety of Angmar had been cleansed of the Witch-King's evil, unfortunately many things that were once good had been destroyed. The Barrow-Downs had become a place of horror where Barrow-Wights lurked and those who entered, seldom left. Fornost, the once proud and strong city of men had been destroyed and the lesser men of the area had renamed it Deadman's Dike because of its haunted appearance. Also, the once proud kingdoms of Arnor were virtually empty and devoid of life except for the stray animal that would pass through. Earnur, had retuned to Gondor soon after all of his men had been healed, unfortunately he had lost many men in the battle and only returned home with a two thirds of the army he left with. True to his word, the Witch-King challenged Earnur to a duel in front of the gates of Minas Morgul, his chief citadel, from which Earnur never returned and rule of the city passed to Meneldil and the line of the Stewards. Aranarth assumed title of Chieftain of the Dunedain and, with the help of Aralder, protected what was left of the North from most dangers. Fortunately his line continued unbroken and unbeknownst to Sauron so that one day a king might claim the thrones of Gondor and Arnor. Epilogue "As you can see," continued Glorfindel, "much was risked by your forefathers so that you and I might be here today and continue to protect the lands of the North from danger." He looked around at the Dunedain who had been listening to his tale for many hours and spotted one young recruit who had fallen asleep. "You there! Recruit! Tell me all that you know of the war with the Witch-king of Angmar!" commanded Glorfindel. Unfortunately, the recruit had fallen asleep early on in the tale and just stuttered as his comrades around him laughed. (A/N: It is finally done! pats self on back leave a review if you wish!)