drop of wine. They were observed, of course, by the other elves. Elrond looked on with a slight smile, having noticed her earlier reclusiveness, and also pleased that his own plans with the Woodland elves would be untroubled. Their conversation faded away gradually as they danced, instead preferring to simply enjoy each other's company as the night grew late. Celanor was struck by how graceful a dancer he truly was, and wondered how it may be reflected in his style of combat. She knew Mirkwood elves were largely private about their own weaponry and war strategies, as well as their many unique customs. Unlike the Elves of Rivendell, Mirkwood Elves rarely, if ever, allowed Men or Dwarves into their company. She yearned to ask him questions, but despite his kind nature felt that it would impose upon his privacy. Instead, she politely stayed silent and found her mind and eyes wandering as they danced. She was pleased to find that Rivendell and Mirkwood Elves mingled together rather than remaining in their respective groups. Indeed, she was surprised that the Mirkwood Elves had even deigned to participate in such a small event, even going as far as to send their prince. Of course, Thranduil remained in his home, not having traveled from it since his beloved queen died. However, she was mildly suspicious of Legolas's attendance. As a prince, he would not come unless there was truly something important to discuss with her father. Although she yearned to ask, she knew it wasn't her place. She wondered, then, why he chose to interact with her aside from mere politeness. She felt a slight pang of insecurity; she wondered how she must look, with her golden hair and freckled skin, next to the epitome of a Sindar Elf. "You seem to get along well with your brothers," Legolas prompted, wrenching her from her thoughts. She blinked at him, then smiled. "Well, yes, they're insufferable, but they're family. Arwen and I get along better with each other than we do with the twins, as they largely enjoy their own company," Legolas chuckled at this, and she shrugged. "Their heads are quite large, it's a bit difficult to enjoy them when they're so thick." "I haven't any siblings of my own, but I imagine the four of you have had—" Legolas was abruptly interrupted as a sentry burst into the clearing, stopping in front of Lord Elrond. Quickly on alert, Celanor removed herself from Legolas' grasp and moved to observe, retrieving her sword as she did. Her father stood suddenly, and calmly looked around at the guests. "Friends, I'm afraid Rivendell's borders are unsafe at the moment due to the presence of a group of goblins," he stated, spreading his hands wide. "The Elves on watch will take care of this, and we will send more to aid them. At this time I suggest relocating the party to the Hall." With that, he clapped his hands, and Elves quickly began gathering their things and heading back up the path, with Arwen leading. Celanor, however, joined her brothers in front of Lord Elrond, waiting for orders. "Celanor, this is your party, you should be there to continue it," he said, frowning. "With all due respect, My Lord, I'm also one of your best warriors," she replied, her eyes narrowed. "Some of my friends are on watch right now, and it's my duty to protect them and Rivendell." Elrond sighed, "Very well. You, Elrohir, and Elladan—and Legolas, if he wishes—are to ride out as soon as possible and attack the goblins from the far side." Elrohir nudged her with his elbow, "You may want to change out of that dress first." Celanor responded with a rude hand gesture, and whirled around to sprint toward the stables with Elrohir, Elladan, and Legolas on her heels. "Do you perhaps want to grab some boots first, sister?" Elladan teased, and Celanor flashed him a begrudging grin as she rolled her eyes. "Don't really need them, brother." "Hey! You just responded all nice to him!" "Maybe he's the likeable twin, ever think of that?" "Aw, you're too sweet, dear sister," Elladan gushed, batting his eyes, and Celanor wrinkled her nose. "Don't get used to it. The three of you have weapons to grab, yes?" The three Ellons glanced at each other, and branched off to retrieve weapons while Celanor set to work readying horses, not bothering with saddles as they needed to be on their way. Her own hot blooded stallion sensed the atmosphere, snorting and tossing his head repeatedly, ready to go. She tapped her bare foot impatiently, holding the reins of the four horses and attempting to soothe each of them as they shifted around, just as impatient as she was. Elladan returned first, laden with a bow, quiver, and two swords. She handed his reins to him, and he mounted quickly, circling his mare as they continued to wait. They didn't say a word to each other, now both serious as they felt the impact of the situation—goblins, right on Rivendell's border, weren't a good sign. Legolas skidded down the path next, and took his reins from her, armed only with a bow and a knife. He leapt onto his horse as quickly as Elladan had, just as Elrohir sprinted to them and snatched his reins from Celanor's hands. She mounted her stallion in time with Elrohir, feeling the chill of her new sword at her hip, and nudged him forward with her legs, only offering a quick command over her shoulder. "Let's go." A/N: Aaand welcome to my first LOTR fic! I have plenty of ideas for this one, and I'll probably be doing an Aragorn/OC in the near future as well. Celanor is kind of a fun character to write, I'm working on making OCs actually distinguishable from each other lmao. Elves are weird, though. Review if you want, tell me what you like and dislike, where you'd like to see this go. Thanks homies