"Mr. Frodo?" Sam appeared in the doorway, his homely face creased with worry. "Is everythin' alright?" "Yes, Sam. I'll be in in a moment." The gardener stepped fully out. "No need for that. Here." He handed Frodo his cloak, and he noticed the gardener already wore his. "I want to show you somethin'." Curious, Frodo draped the cloak around himself, grateful for the extra warmth. "What is it, Sam? It doesn't have anything to do with all these mysterious comings and goings, does it?" Sam didn't respond but Frodo saw him blush. The gardener stepped off the porch and led him through the gardens. Snow was falling, had been for some time, and the trees and bushes were dusted with the fine powder. It crunched beneath their bare feet and landed in their hair and on shoulders. Frodo glanced upwards and caught them on his face and eyelashes, making his eyes blink rapidly in protest. When he lowered his face again, he caught Sam smiling at him. "What is it?" "I need you to close your eyes now, Mr. Frodo. Begging your pardon." "Why?" "Orders, sir. Mr. Merry will have my toes if I don't do things proper." Frodo closed his eye and felt Sam's large hand take his and lead him onward. Without his sight, he could hear the snow now too, the soft hissing crinkling of falling flakes meeting their kin, mingling and condensing in an effort to cloak the world in a coverlet of white. "There's up step up here." Frodo's feet found the step and then the cold stone beyond. There was no snow here; they were under some kind of cover. He could hear breathing, more than just Sam, the delicate rustle of fabric and feel the eyes watching him. "Sam?" He could hear the gardener shuffling around beside him. "Alright, you can open up, Mr. Frodo." So he did—and caught his breath. The gardens beyond the little arbor where they stood were filled with light. Paper sacks, the flickering little lights inside glowing gold, lined the walks and paths. Every bench and railing had its candles, not a single statue had been forgotten. Even some of the smaller tree had paper sacks tucked rather hazardously into the crooks of branches. The Elves and other guests in the Homely House stood throughout their faces under lit from the candles they held. Frodo saw Boromir, Legolas, Gimli and his father Glóin. Strider and Lord Elrond's twin sons and even Gandalf; all smiling with the pleasure of surprise He heard a chuckle and turned. Bilbo sat on a bench, looking heartily pleased with himself. Merry and Pippin were beside him, their breath looking like Bilbo's pipe smoke in the light of the candles on their laps; Pip's little legs swinging underneath the bench. "Are you surprised?" he asked eagerly. Frodo made a noise somewhere between a gasp and a laugh. "I—well, yes, I guess I am. I just—I don't–why—?" "Because it's tradition, Mr. Frodo." Sam held out a small clay bowl with a candle nestled in its bed of sand, "Surely, you remember? Back home? Lightin' up all those little candles around Bag End. The whole Row'd be shinin' with 'em. Like little winter fireflies. And the lads and lasses would all carry lights around from house to house and sing. Don't you remember?" There was such honest worry in Sam's voice that Frodo laughed, "Yes, Sam I remember. I just don't understand—why now?" "Why?" Sam smiled then, a warm happy smile that made his face glow even more in the candlelight. "Why because it's Christmas, Mr. Frodo. And it's a time for lights." "But why now ? We're on the brink of making the darkest journey of our lives. We might never see lights again." Frodo stared down at the tiny flickering flame in his hand. A weak flame that seemed to wink and dance on its wick. "That's exactly why now," Merry responded quietly. He hopped off the bench and looked right into his cousin's face. "Is Darkness coming? Yes. Will it crush all the light in this world? Possibly. Will it start tomorrow? Most likely." Merry laid a hand on his shoulder. "But it won't happen tonight. Tonight we have light and laughter and friends. And there's not a single darkness can touch it." Frodo stared at his friends, then out at the beings moving through the candlelit gardens. One of the Elves started singing, other voices joined, someone started playing a flute and the melody, solemn and sweet echoed gently through the House, through the light. "Mr. Frodo?" Sam was looking at him, his breath misting, his eyes shining in the candles. He still looked concerned. Frodo smiled at him, the glow of hundreds of tiny, paper-wrapped flames warming his soul and brightening the darkness in his heart. "Merry Christmas, Sam," he said. i-Methed A/N: Holy jumpin' catfish! Nine pages! Did not expect that! I will have you all know that I was up way past my bed time trying to get this all finished. Historic Reference : The title Luminaria is referring to an actual tradition of lighting candles in bags and lining walkways with them. It was supposed to lead the Christ Child to the home so He could bless it. My family still practices this tradition every year. . .even though our sidewalk is pretty wimpy. Traditional begs for reviews : I had over 50 views for Sound the Bugle and only three people reviewed. (Thumbs up to somebody, PeaceLOVEHershey & Lady Maeror). All you other guys, I am really new at this and, frankly, I need all the help I can get. If you see something wrong or in need of improvement, I would rather someone tell me and be able to change it. So drop me a line. I respond to all my stuff ASAP because it means a lot to me. Alright I'm done. If you read all that you deserve a medal. Until next time—Twain out.