lying on the floor , right before valandil was going to stab him with his sword , he chopped the head off of valandil 's body , and his body fell on the ground . And tywerd jokingly says " Sorry " and smiles at ahno. Tywerd held the hand of ahno and got him up on his feet . Both are gasping for breath . While tywerd says " Would you .. Like me .. to .. babysit you ? " both burst out a laugh and head to calenglad . Ahno cuts his ropes and tywerd carries him on his shoulder . So they leave Valandil's tomb , giving him peace , and giving a strategic new position to wardens , along with another leader slain . They head for the camp with calenglad on tywerd's shoulders . They put calenglad to a bed and tywerd orders healers to take care of him .Tywerd then looks at ahno , standing beside the table of maps . He walks towards him asks him what he is doing . Ahno says : " Here .. " as he points somewhere on the map " Ost Elendil , Where the head of this invasion , and the one last remaining leader is . We must kill him , and save annuminas . " Tywerd nod in agreement with ahno , not even saying a word . Both walked out of the camp and headed for their last encounter , with enemies of annuminas . FAREWELL Tywerd and Ahno reached at the end of Tyl Annun where Ost Elendil lies , the seat of power in the former Kingdom of Arnor. It contains the throne room from whence the kings of old would rule their once-grand empire. But now The Black Numenoreans in league with Amarthiel have come to Ost Elendil, seeking to establish a foothold in Ann úminas, while the Rangers of the North assail the city of their fathers in a desperate attempt to drive them forth. Tywerd and Ahno were getting close to Ost Elendil , but to do so they needed to take control over Gwaelband and Tirband. Tywerd went to take Gwaelband and Ahno to take Tirband back for the Wardens . As the two fought with angmarim captains , Calenglad woke up at the camp . But barely standing on his feet . Tywerd and Ahno met in front of the doors of Ost elendil . It was a beautiful and terrifying place in the same time . The two went in through the door , Walked through a long but surprisingly well decorated hall . And that moment ahno started talking : "At one time there was no greater place of splendor in the North than Ost Elendil, the palace of Elendil of Westernesse in his great city of Annúminas . But those days are long past. The great, white walls of its towers have grown stained and ruined, crumbling into decay with the rest of the city. Time and the creeping wilderness claimed Annúminas and Ost Elendil long ago. .. ... Then came the tomb-robbers, seeking what treasures they might plunder, but even they are not the greatest insult to the kings of old. The Shadow of Angmar stretches forth to seize Annúminas , and the ancient seat of Arnor's kings is too great a prize for them to resist." Tywerd and ahno came far from the entrace , and there they saw , Guloth , a Wraith of Sauron . Wraith unsheated it's mace and said " Now thou shall perish! " Both tywerd and ahno fought with Guloth and his dead serveants , they finally managed to kill Guloth , the last leader of the İnvasion . Which the invasion was over , but the head of the snake , not yet cut . Tywerd and ahno kept walking where they reached a room , and an angmarim sitting in the throne . He had purple skin with a dark , steel armour on him . "Perhaps thou hast come to swear fealty... to kneel before the new King of Annuminas?" " You all tend to say you are the new king of Annuminas . I would like to test that theory with swords " said tywerd jokingly , while looking at Balhest , the angmarim in charge of the invasion . . "Nay? Then so be it. Thou wilt die here, instead. Guards!" Balhests guard ran into the room , surrounding Tywerd and Ahno . The two brave warriors fought off and killed all his guards , even tho it was a hard battle . "Thou makest me to stand from this , my throne? Thou shalt perish for the affrontery. " "Lend me strength, Dark Lord!" "Feel the power of Mordor!" Tywerd and ahno f ought with balhest at the same time , which gives them an advantage over balhest . Anho p ierced his sword through his ankle , making him kneel on his knee cap . Tywerd walk ed in front of him and chopped his head off his body . Black blood covered his body as he died swiftly , unlike he deserved . The tw o left Ost Elendil , with joy of victory . They return ed back to the camp , to say farewell to Calenglad and leave for bree-land . After saying their farewells , they left for Bree . After tywerd and ahno arrives at the prancing pony , they both get two drinks , and start talking ; " I must leave now Tywerd , It was great to fight side by side with you .. . I will be in shire if you need me . " " I also am glad to fight side by side with you friend . I hope safe travels for you and great adventures " Ahno le ft the prancing pony , while tywerd remain ed at his table , finishing his ale .