the kingdom, especially a ruling family," Glorfindel said dismissively. Erestor looked at his friend in suspicion, that had been too casually dismissed. And only a blind man would have missed the looks that Glorfindel and Gandalf had given each other and almost every mention of Faramirs' name. At the threshold of their rooms Glorfindel turned around to bid the twins a goodnight as he shared a room with Erestor and the twins had another room to themselves. But he was foiled as Elladan casually stuck foot preventing the door from closing. "Not until you tell us why you and Mithrandir find Lord Faramir so intriguing," Elladan said smoothly. Ah, so Erestor was not the only one. Glorfindel raised a pale thin eyebrow as he opened the door wider to let them in. "Only because I do not want to have a conversation about the Steward in the halls where anyone can eavesdrop," He warned. "Well?" Elladan asked. "Well what? It only seems that the Steward had a grief-stricken reaction to his mother's death and people are blowing it out of proportion because of his father's insanity. But as we all know children can have extreme reactions were their mothers are concerned," Glorfindel rebuked them gently. (2) The twins looked abashed for a moment and Elrohir spook up. "The Lady Galadriel thought he was quite interesting. As did our grandfather, the Lord Celeborn who spook to Faramir for quite some length." "Celeborn may have spoken to him but what makes you think the Lady was interested in him?" Erestor asked brow furrowed. "She gazed at him quite often," Elrohir said simply. Glorfindel signed. "Look-," "Is he a danger to Arwen?" Elladan asked intensely. "No!" Glorfindel was shocked. So this was the reason the normally discreet twins were meddling. "Lord Faramir is loyal to the Gondor and its King, by proxy to its new Queen too. Mithrandir has always found Faramir to be unusual. And all this interest in him was taken because of that. Mithrandir wanted my opinion in whether Faramir had any foresight which though diluted is still sometimes manifests itself in some descendents of Numenor. You know his meddlesome ways. As for the Lady Galadriel she possesses a particular ring(3) which possibly alerted her towards his abilities . And the Celeborn has always been a discerning individual. He needs no trinkets." Elladan frowned. "A touch of foresight? That is all?" "It is very rare in Men," Glorfindel reminded him gently. Erestor laughed. "It seems that the talk of ghosts spooked us quite a bit." "Speak for yourself," Elladan snorted. "There is much we do not know about death. Indeed we know nothing at all," Elrohir said. But he was smiling as he said it. Fears laid to rest they all settled down in bed. Except for Glorfindel. How could he? He hadn't told them of the strange glow that the Elven ring-bearers(4) had seen around Faramir. The strange, whispered rumours about the Stewards sons. The strange feeling that he himself got whenever he was near the man. Mithrandir's' subtle hints. The long intense conservation Celeborn had with Faramir but refused to speak about even to his Lady. Glorfindel knew one thing for certain. Faramir was no ordinary man. Boromir watched as the Elves finally went to sleep as he leaned against the wall, arms crossed. He took a small measure of satisfaction in the discomfort his presence (even though it was unknown) caused in the golden-haired Elf. Boromir, unlike the other three elves had not been fooled. He knew quite well that Glorfindel along with some of the blasted elves and the ruddy wizard suspected Faramir having much more than a touch of the foresight . Boromir stretched his arms over his head and reflected that death had made him quite impudent. Maybe it was the same with all ghosts? But he would not mention this thought to his brother as he would insist that the impudence was Boromir's fault. As for the elves… Boromir's eyes narrowed as his arms dropt to his sides. After much eavesdropping and casual inquiries to Faramir, he deduced that the Wizard would be on his way to Aman along with the other elves. They wouldn't have time to figure out any of his little brothers secrets. Secrets they had kept from their own father, secrets bound by blood. No, there would be no need for him to interfere. The elves from the new colony yet to be founded in Ithilien would comprise of elves from Lasgalen. If they anything at all like Legolas they would ignore Faramirs' eccentricities. Boromir cast one last glance at the sleeping elves and made his way to Faramirs' chambers. He would warn Faramir to be extra vigilent. And no more trying to solidify ghosts, not even him. for a while anyway. Faramir flipantly called it ghostwalking. boromir snorted. It was due to this ghostwalking that Faramir's wounds always healed more slowly than others. He watch over his little brother as he slept…as would the rest of the spirits. Author Notes (1) It's been maintained that Men (i.e. humans) possesses true immortality beyond that of elves. All Elves will die when Earth/Arda is finally destroyed but the spirits of men will endure beyond the ending of the world. (2) Elladan and Elrohir are Arwens' brothers. Years ago their mother was captured by orcs and tortured. They managed to rescue her but she was so traumatized by her treatment at the hands of the orcs that living in Middle-Earth became a torment for her and so set sail for Valinor. In their grief the twins took to wandering together waging war on the orcs who they held responsible for their mother's loss. (3)The ring mentioned is one of the 3 Elven rings which are the most powerful after the One Ring. They were also the only ones unsullied by Sauron. (4) The three Elven ring bearers are Galadriel, Elrond and Gandalf. All three were present at the coronation of Aragorn.