appeared to be vines all along the edges. And they were not guarded. Clearly Grim and his servants had not expected them to make it this far. Aragorn thrust open the doors and they were all blinded for a moment as sunlight pierced the dim interior of Grim's Hall. Chapter 9: "Where in Middle Earth Are We?" When the company's eyes had adjusted to the light they were stunned into silence by what they saw. Below them, for they were on top of a large hill, were many huge, black glittering towers with little decoration and flat roofs. Moving among these were things hard to describe. They moved on wheels and were a bit like covered wains, but the wheels were black and silver and seemed to move on their own. The "wains" were all different colors-blue, black, white, yellow, red, green and silver. The roads were paved with a single black stone, though in places parts seemed to have been dyed yellow or white. People-men and women and children-were walking on either side of the road on a grey stone wide enough for only 1 or 2 to walk abreast. Merry and Pippin stared wide-eyed and open-mouthed, for even if the city had not been so strange, it was the first city of Men they had seen. "Where in Middle Earth are we?" they asked. No one could answer. "It's no good staying here," said Aragorn. "If we don't get moving the orcs will find us." "But where do we go?" asked Gimli. "To the city," advised Legolas. "Are you out of your mind?" shouted Gimli. "The first person who sees us will bring us right back!" "You forget that I can see farther than you," answered the elf. "These Men do not look evil to my eyes. Perhaps there may be a few among them, but for the most part they are good." Legolas's word was all they needed. They began walking down the slope, Pippin still held by Legolas. When they reached the city they were met by confused stares form strangely dressed people. "Yo dudes, totally awesome Lord of the Rings costumes! I thought you were really Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Merry, and Pippin there for a second!" one man yelled. Aragorn's first thought was to talk to this man. They needed to find something to support Pippin's broken leg. Apparently Legolas was thinking the same thing, because he walked right up to the man and said, "Excuse me, sir, but do you know where we could find a healer? This good Halfling broke his leg as we fought a troll." "Sweet, you even have the voices down perfectly dude! You should totally be like an actor or something! But anyway the hospital's just like 5 blocks that way." "Hannon le," said Legolas, not forgetting his manners, as he started hurrying in the direction the man had pointed. Everyone else followed. "Yeah hanan lee to you dudes too! Go make a really cool movie or whatever!" called the man. What a freak. Legolas kept going, weaving among the many staring people. Soon he started to notice that many of the young girls he passed were whispering excitedly. He tuned in to see what it was about. "Orlando Bloom! It's Orlando Bloom! Can you believe it? Orlando Bloom!" What a weird name. I wonder who he is? "Legolas. Legolas? Why have you stopped?" Aragorn broke in on his thoughts. "Oh. It's nothing." Legolas started moving again and tried to ignore the fact that the whispering girls seemed now to be forming a throng behind the company. Just keep walking. Just get to the healer. They'll keep walking when we go in. "Orli! Hi, I'm your biggest fan ever! I know everything about you! Even though you keep your personal life private! But don't worry, I'm not a stalker. Hey, wait up! Why are you in costume? Can I have your autograph?" screamed a voice next to him. "Aragorn, I'm going to make a run for it. These people are insane, they keep calling me these weird names like Orlando and Orli," muttered Legolas. "Why are you calling Viggo Aragorn, Orli? You're not being filmed are you? Am I an extra? Don't you have to try out or something to be an extra? Why are you saying your name is weird? I think it's cool!" came the answer. It was not from Aragorn. Legolas stopped and looked over his shoulder. He and Pippin were cut off from the rest of the group by a huge crowd of yelling girls, children of Men, who looked to be between the ages of 12 and 30. Very young, Legolas thought. "Legolas, why are they all screaming and staring at us?" asked Pippin, eyes wide with fear. "Oh my gosh, I love your accent Billy!" shouted a girl from the crowd. "Pippin, I'm going to put you down," whispered Legolas so quietly that the girl tugging at his arm couldn't hear him. "Stay still, or you'll hurt you leg worse." Before the little fangirl knew what was happening, Billy Boyd was on the ground next to her and Orlando Bloom had whipped out his Legolas bow and fitted an arrow. Legolas jumped around to face Aragorn, Merry, and Gimli. "Move away and let them through and I won't have to use this." Some of the girls giggled, as if they thought he was joking, but many of them backed away, making a path. When Aragorn reached him, Legolas quickly explained the plan he had to get them safely to the healer. The Dunadan scooped up Pippin and Legolas put his arrow back and attached his bow to his quiver. "Everyone, please back away and no one gets hurt," he said, bringing out his white knives and using his most deadly serious tone. This time there was no laughter and all the girls hurried to get out of the way. Legolas, Merry, Gimli, and Aragorn with Pippin went on their way to the healer.