slow removal of clothing. Delicate hands exchanged turns untying bodice strings and exchanging kisses on more private area. It was hot and humid in the home for a great portion of the night. When they were truly done and tired, their hands found each other's and they fell asleep together, entwined, reminiscing the silent ecstasy that had erupted. A different warmth kissed their skin as the sunlight poured down into the canopy and announced the breaking of day. Gaeliel was the first to wake, nudging Fuindes playfully. She made a face that suggested she had groaned before she sat up. Fuindes' eyes were still glazed over in sleep but Gaeliel could not help but smile. How could such an unkempt appearance be so attractive? 'This is your wife now,' her mind prompted her. Oh yes… They had engaged in intercourse. Strangely enough, it did not feel like an act of lust. This was love; the love that eluded her in the favor of all the ellyn who had come and gone since reaching her majority. The two kissed gingerly as they lazily attempted to get dressed before midday. "Gaeliel!" She jumped in her skin as she recognized the voice as her brother's. She wasn't decent and he wasn't patient. He would demand her appearance and soon and her indecency would give her away. Looking about, she looked to the basin for dishes. Taking the filthy water in her hands, she held her breath and sucked in her lips. Fuindes looked at her curiously before giggling madly in silence when Gaeliel doused herself in dirty dish water. The frazzled blonde ran to the window, careful to hide the majority of her nakedness from her sibling. Her gaze was cold as it had been before. "What do you need, brother?" His ears caught a change in the current of her voice. Something in the Elven melody of Sindarin had changed. He looked to her cold face. Even while her emotions were ushered into the back of her eyes, there was a sparkle he had never noticed before. The two elements joined together and smacked him in the face. Slighly, just to retest his hypothesis, he engaged her in conversation once more. "I wished to know where you had gone. Fuinion had been looking for you and Fuindes for the great majority of the night but you evaded him." "So that we might reconsider? I think not, dear brother. Is that all?" Galadir was almost certain. "No. Is Fuindes with you? May we speak?" Gaeliel looked over her shoulder for Fuindes' response. Gaeliel's stalling had bought Fuindes the time that she needed to throw most of her dress on. Her bodice was undone and her hair was messy, but she was in a better condition than Gaeliel. Fuindes smiled as she poked her head out of the window. Galadir's eyes locked in on hers like a hawk. Upon seeing the same twinkle in Fuindes' eyes, he backed away in a well-disguised horror and ran off towards his flet, where Fuinion had stayed the night. Laughs erupted from the females as Fuindes took hold of Gaeliel's hand and shoved her playfully into the bathroom to bathe away the grime she had thrown on herself. They thought that they had the time to do this, eat and leave. They were so wrong. / / / / / "Did you have sex with this elleth?" Galadriel asked before the crowd that had gathered in the courtroom. "I have," Gaeliel admitted, as bravely as she could. Her hands had been bound by rope. Shifting them slightly in her lap, as nerves overtook her, Gaeliel knew that this was hithlain. There was no escape. Across from her, sat a bleary-eyed Fuindes. Her raven hair was hanging lifelessly in her face and the bruises had only multiplied Gaeliel shed a solitary tear as Fuindes shuddered in pain from the lashing she had received. Both Galadir and Fuinion had singled her out as the instigator of such depravity and she had paid the price for their betrayal. Gaeliel, the fairer of the two, had been held in high esteem, having more thoroughly hidden her 'abnormality'. She wished it had been her. "And have you had sex with this elleth?" Celeborn asked Fuindes. She managed to give a solid nod before shifting weight listlessly to the side. She saw that Gaeliel had escaped a good deal of punishment. She smiled at her wife, happy she could spare the weaker female the pain of the whip. Her lifeless eyes drifted to the stands and directly at her brother and Galadir. Her head hung with the weight of destiny pressing down on it. But still she stared at them with a look that said all that she could not express with words. Fuindes hated them and their ignorant followers. She wasn't going to be separated from her wife. All in due time… "In accordance with the old laws, for your consummation of unnatural union, you must both feed each other hemlock until your bodies cease functioning." / / / / / "Are you ready to go?" Gaeliel asked, grasping the shoulder straps tighter. Fuindes nodded with passion, reaching for her wife's hand. The two held each other tightly and truly, marching proudly towards the Straight Road. They were together until the breaking of the world. / / / / / Fuindes reached forward and traced the words into Gaeliel's palm as she stuffed another poisonous leaf into her mouth. ' I'm sorry. I tried to protect you and I failed. I am ready to leave this prison. Aren't you?' Gaeliel nodded with a smile, pushing a leaf into Fuindes' mouth as well. She and Fuindes fed the fatal leaf to each other simultaneously and with a grin. They succumbed to the breaking hearts they had tried to mend before the poison really hit them. They had no reason to stay further. At least in Mandos' Halls, they would be free… Free and together.