carefully extracting the two arrows. He had been relieved that the arrow below the ribs had not pierced anything vital, and that there seemed to be no poison involved, but Lindir had still lost a lot of blood which was concerning. Elrond had had Erestor administer a sleeping draught with herbs for pain mixed in before pulling the arrows so that Lindir would not awaken because of the pain, but that was just in case: he had not thought that with all of the blood loss that there would be much chance of him coming to consciousness. Erestor was wrapping everything in bandages and gauze and Elrond washing his hands when Glorfindel arrived. His clothes were in disarray but his golden hair was perfectly neat as always, and he looked very concerned. This worry grew when he saw the pale elf on the bed, and a little surprise appeared. "How bad is it?" "Two arrows pierced him; one in the shoulder, the other below the ribs. A large gash on the chest that was deep enough to warrant stitches. Scratches to the face that also needed to be stitched. The main concern blood loss." Erestor listed frankly and honestly. "But he will make it?" He addressed Elrond for this. "No one can truly say, but I believe he will. His blood will need to replenish, so he will be weak and faint for a while, but that is minor. It was very lucky that none of the wounds were poisoned." Elrond replied. "What have you learned about how he was injured?" "Besides that it was Orcs?" Erestor asked dryly. "Belegmegil," he nodded his head to the sleeping warrior, "says that they took a break to rest their horses and were ambushed. There were many injuries but not, to his knowledge, any casualties. Celebrian is completely unharmed, which is a miracle I am sure we would all like to see for ourselves," Elrond and Glorfindel—Elrond a little more vigorously—nodded, "unfortunately, he did not see Lindir get hurt—he was not close enough to—so we are to wait for the rest of the party arrives. They should be here soon—I imagine they would take great haste on returning so the injured could be tended." "He did say that he was not a warrior." Glorfindel said thoughtfully after a minute of watching the elf that had always been most discreet and helpful to him. Erestor nodded. Elrond inclined his head in acknowledgement. "That he did." Celebrian, along with the rest of her guards arrived late in the afternoon. The Lady had been near frantic, asking about Lindir. After being assured by her husband that they had done all they could and there was a very good chance that he would make it, Elrond had given her a sleeping draught and walked her to their room. Glorfindel had approached the leader of the group, Taureporm, on how Lindir was injured but he had directed him to another elf who had a large bump on his head named Maegehta who said he had seen the whole thing. After he had been treated by the healers, Glorfindel had taken him to Elrond's study, and Erestor had gone to fetch Elrond himself. Now they were all seated on comfortably padded chairs and Maegehta was prepared to give his account. "How was Lindir injured?" Elrond prompted. "Just start at the beginning, if you will." Maegehta began hesitantly. "Lindir and Lady Celebrian were conversing when the Orcs attacked. He pushed her back to a tree and stood in front of her. Lindir used his bow to shoot down those he could, but then he got hit in the shoulder after diving in front of the Lady—" "He dove in front of her?" Elrond asked, wondering why he was surprised. "Yes. Then he shot and killed the archer who shot him. He put down his bow after that—I imagine it was quite painful to draw back arrows with his shoulder—and unsheathed his sword and went up against an Orc that got past our guard—that is where he got the slash on his chest, and the scratches on his face—and lost his sword. He was knocked down, and was about to be beheaded, but then he took out a dagger which was hidden in his boot and stabbed it in the gut then slit the Orcs throat." Maegehta took a breath, then exhaled loudly. "He went back to Lady Celebrian, and was hit by the second arrow, then he threw his dagger at the Orc that shot him. I didn't see if it hit, but when we were piling the bodies for burning the blade was found in the chest of an Orc." "'Not much of a warrior,' he says." Glorfindel scoffed. "How did you see all this while fighting the Orcs?" Erestor completely ignored Glorfindel. "I was hit in the head, but I faded in and out." "And how did no one else notice Lindir getting injured? Surely they heard him." Maegehta shook his head, looking half amazed and half admiring. "That's it though: he didn't make any noise." It was a month before Lindir was completely healed, and the whole household was relieved. Erestor had had absolutely no time to himself, because he was either swamped with paperwork or organizing events last minute. Elrond found himself unable to spend time with his children with all of his lordly duties taking up his time. Worst of all—in the eyes of Glorfindel—every time the Balrog Slayer came back from a short patrol he was forced to go to the healers and be poked and prodded and coddled and ordered like he was a small elfling. They all missed Lindir and his helpfulness. Indeed, there seemed to be only one person that was happy about Lindir taking a break. Celebrian was constantly at the minstrel's side. They talked for hours and relaxed in the gardens. By the end of the four week break, Lindir could be heard greeting the Lady as simply, 'Celebrian'.