gasps and whimpers. Aragorn's mouth found it's way to Legolas' neck, his tongue teasing the skin. He bit down lightly and the elf whimpered, clinging to the man's shirt with trembling fingers. Legolas could do nothing but tremble in Aragorn's arms, swaying to the will of the other. He was panting and he couldn't think. He felt the man's tongue on his neck and felt his teeth pinching his skin. He whimpered and bit his lip, lost in this man's touch. He felt Aragorn's hand slip into his pants, and a moan escaped as he felt the big hand roughly cup his ass. He began panting harder, and he clung to the man even tighter. He could feel the man's hand moving over his butt and he let out little moans. Then his eyes went wide and he gasped. "A-Aragorn!" The man' finger had slipped into Legolas' asshole, forcing it's way deeper into the elf. Aragorn heard his name and slipped farther into desire. His finger worked in and out of the elf's body, his tongue sliding over his slender collarbone. His free hand caressed the elf's bare chest, coming to a halt over his nipple. He gave it a slight twist, rubbing him with his thumb. Legolas moaned and whimpered, shaking with nerves and pleasure. Aragorn pushed in another finger, pulling down the elf's pants with his other hand. He pushed the elf onto his back, thrusting his fingers in deeper. Legolas let out a cry of shock that quickly turned into a whimper of pleasure. His fingers dug into the dirt at his sides, grabbing at the rocks around him. His back arched as Aragorn's fingers moved in him. He let out a heated moan as the man's fingers curled up, pressing against his prostate. Aragorn slowly pressed in a third finger, turning his hand slowly, teasingly. The elf moaned and gasped, sweat rolling down his face. Aragorn could feel his manhood throbbing with need. It was pressing against his pants uncomfortably and distracting him almost as bad as the squirming form beneath his hands. He pulled his fingers out of the elf, smiling at the gasping moan that escaped his mouth. He untied the strings of his breeches, pulling them off. He pressed himself down onto Legolas, letting their shaft's touch. He relished in the sounds of whimpering and moans, pressing his mouth against the elf's. He kissed him hungrily, his tongue running sensually across the elf's lips. "A-Aragorn", Legolas moaned, wrapping his arms around the man's neck. Aragorn couldn't resist any longer. He lifted the elf's legs above his shoulders and pressed himself roughly against the elf's entrance. Legolas moaned deeply as the man pushed himself in, dripping sweat onto the elf's chest. Aragorn couldn't believe how tight he was, tight enough to make him go crazy. He thrust in the rest of the way, and Legolas let out a strangled cry. The elf dug his nails into the man's back, clinging to him desperately. Aragorn began to thrust in and out, picking up speed as he went. Legolas' eyes were wide and he let out sharp moan with every thrust. The pain the elf felt was intense, but the pleasure pounded through him as well. He had wanted this for so long. Even now he felt as though he had strayed into a dream. But it was so real, and so intense. Surly he couldn't be dreaming. Legolas could feel something building in him and he clutched Aragorn's shoulders desperately. "A-Aragorn! I- I'm going to- Ah!" He threw his head back and his back arched in pleasure. Aragorn lowered his mouth to the elf's ear, never slowing his movements. "Just a little longer. Hold it just a little longer", Aragorn's voice was husky and rough, but his hands were gentle. He stroked the skin of Legolas' side, thrusting into him again, and again. Legolas could hardly contain it, if he had to hold back any longer he would go insane. He bit down on his lip, drawing blood without noticing. He couldn't hold it any longer. "Aragorn! I'm-!" He never finished his sentence. A wave of pleasure washed over him and he screamed. At the same time Aragorn made one more thrust, the deepest yet. Warm liquid filled Legolas and he moaned, feeling his own seed spill onto his stomach. He lay back in the dirt, exhausted. He felt Aragorn pull out of him and he gave a slight gasp, then relaxed again. He gazed up into the man's clear blue eyes, panting deeply. He no longer cared if this was a dream. It was the sweetest one he had ever known. Aragorn watched as the elf's eyes closed and his muscles relaxed. He watched as Legolas sank onto the dirt floor of the cave. He was beautiful, wearing nothing but his bandages. "Are you ok?" Aragorn's voice cut through Legolas' thoughts. He smiled softly, keeping his eyes closed. "Yes my king. I am only tired. I would do better for some sleep." Aragorn chuckled softly, his fingers straying through the other's pale golden hair. "Then sleep now my friend. I think tomorrow shall dawn clear…" So there you go. I'm thinking about adding chapters but I'm not sure. Maybe if I get reviews demanding more. So review and tell me what you think. * * * Oh deary me. I have been bombarded with requests for more. It's seems I have no choice. You ask and I deliver; more charpters it is. It may not be soon, but it will happen. Thank you all for the wonderful reviews! I'm so happy that you liked this story. The truth is it was one of my oldest. I wrote it about three years ago, when I was a young and innocent girl of sixteen. But yes, more chapters you will have my dears, and until then maybe you would like to read some of my original work. You can find it here; .com/u/655661/Umiray Thanks again! 3