a friend. "Children are like that sometimes, Samwise," Legolas said sagely. "At least elf-children. Their parents are, in a way, too close to them, so they will not confide in them their secrets." "But you don't have children, Legolas," said Sam, as Legolas moved his hand from Sam's leg and dropped both hands limply between his own folded knees. "What do you know about children?" "Well," Legolas said with seriousness, meeting Sam's eyes flatly, "I was one once." Sam looked at Legolas for a moment, assessing, before Legolas threw his head back and laughed jovially. "Well," Legolas insisted, "I was!" "Oh, I don't doubt it, Mister Legolas," Sam said, and he grinned. "I can only imagine you were a handful yourself." "You imagine rightly," Legolas said with a sad and distant smile, watching the hobbit's face for a moment before continuing. "Well, I will be here for a time, if you will have me, and I would help you however I can, in fixing what is wrong." Sam pushed a lock of curling brown hair out of his eyes and looked at his companion. "I could use all the help I can get with her! Sometimes it makes me so hot I could shout," Sam replied. "She's only gotten worse since she started helping that youngest Mister Greenhand, my Gaffer's gardener's son, Holman's boy, you know." Legolas did not know, but nodded nonetheless. Sam continued. "Elanor was so angry at first about Mister Greenhand rearranging their family's garden—they've been friendly with us Gamgee-folk so long as anyone can remember—" Sam explained, "so Rosie and I thought to let her learn diplomacy on her own, instead of just being rude to him at market. It's been since late spring that she started 'negotiating' with him, and I can only guess from her moods that it's not going well!" "Gardens are a divisive topic, I have recently learned," Legolas affirmed. "Yes, well then," said Sam with a curtailed huff. "Don't I know it? Perhaps she'll want to talk to you, because she certainly doesn't want to talk to me, or her mother." "She will want to talk to you again soon, Sam," said his friend. "It is how youth are. But I will be here if she wants to tell me about her garden, and all the problems with it." Sam stood and held out a hand to Legolas, which the elf took, though he did not need the hoist, and Sam set off toward the center of Hobbiton, with Legolas trailing interestedly behind him. "I want to finish tending the grapes we planted last year for my Gaffer before Pippin gets here," said Sam. "He may be all grown up with a wife of his own, but to me he's still a whirlwind!" "That he is," Legolas said, stopping in front of the young brown vines and wide, flat drooping leaves. "How may I help?" Sam looked for a moment immensely relieved. "Oh good!" he exclaimed. "You can reach the bunches at the top, and get all those dead leaves off. I shan't need to drag out a bench after all!" Legolas looked at Sam with amusement, but then only nodded. He set to work on tiptoe, inspecting the leaves and gently picking ripe grapes, handing them down, with care, to the distracted parent below. Several hours later it was—to Legolas' surprise—past time for elevenses. Sam was quite ready to go back to the house to await Pippin, Diamond, and his children's arrival, but he had thought to wait for Elanor to pass them at the center of Hobbiton, and so walk back to Bag-End soon with her. But now it was past time—almost noon, Legolas thought, looking at the sky—and the little hobbit girl had not passed them yet. Legolas could see the frustration and worry in Sam's face as he peered again to the road at the edge of the town square. Legolas briefly wondered how many times his father had peered longingly down Southward paths while waiting for his own delayed arrivals, but he dismissed the thought quickly and spoke instead to Sam's worry. "Would you like me to go fetch Elanor?" Legolas asked simply, before continuing when the hobbit remained silent. "So you can head back to Bag-End with the grapes, and we will help to prepare for the meal when we return, together?" Sam sighed and wiped his hands on his knees hastily. "Yes, please, Legolas," he said, his voice a low murmur. "Go. She is so frustrating right now that I don't think I could drag her home without yelling at her." Legolas laughed. "It will be well, my friend," he said, smiling. "She will grow out of her contrariness soon. I do not mind to help." "She is only nine , Legolas!" Sam cried, throwing his hands into the air. "Nine! I don't think you understand exactly how much growing she has yet to do!" Legolas raised his eyebrows at Sam's consternation and then shrugged. "You are right, I think," Legolas conceded. "I have absolutely no concept of hobbit maturity, nor development." Sam laughed at Legolas' helpless confession, and the elf continued. "But still ," Legolas insisted, "it will be well. It always is, after all!" And so Legolas turned away from Sam and set off in the direction in which his friend had been apprehensively staring. "Around the hill, past the hole with the white door, and at the second bend take a left—there's a big oak in the front yard—yellow door—and the garden is round back!" Sam called at Legolas' back as he picked up his pace into a trot. Legolas turned as he ran and waved to Sam. "I will find her!" he called, and Sam sighed, picking up the heavy bucket of grapes. Sam slid the bucket onto his arm so its handle yanked painfully at the crook of his elbow, and then he started the long and hot walk back up the hill to his wife and his home.