and lifted the cup to his lips; chamomile and a hint of cinnamon overwhelmed him, and he took a deep breath and breathed in the warm steam; he closed his eyes and felt his shoulders relax, and then he brought the mug down and held it close to his chest. When he opened his eyes, Lumornon was a step closer, and his hazel eyes were wide and worried. He reached out to Legolas and gently took his bow from his shoulders and put a hand on his back, pushing him forward, but Legolas would not at first move. "Where is Piniriel?" Legolas asked suddenly, and his whole body felt rigid again and alert as his brother urged him forward. "She is napping in your room, Legolas," Lumornon said gently. "She has been waiting for you. Our parents have been obviously distracted and she is craving attention." Legolas smiled and allowed himself to be moved along more easily. "Do you think mother will leave, Lumornon? Will you really let her go?" They had reached Legolas' room at the very end of the hall, and Lumornon pulled a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door, and then tucked it into Legolas' belt. "I do not know, emlineg ," he said. "But you know as well as I that we have no control over her—she will make her own choices." "Hmm," Legolas said, dropping his pack onto the bed and beginning to undo his quiver and belt. "Pull out your tub, Legolas, and I will find someone to bring you a few buckets of warm water." Lumornon nodded to a corner of the room where their younger sister Piniriel lay sleeping on her chest, with one arm tucked under her and her legs splayed akimbo. "She has only just fallen asleep," Lumornon said to Legolas as he shrugged out of his jacket. "Mother and father could not console her, and she did not understand. She did not understand when they laid Felavel to rest; she asked us when she would come back, and I told her she would not. She did not understand, and I did not know what to say." Legolas looked up at his brother, and Lumornon took a step back to see the depth of hurt there, and the sudden age and wisdom in his young eyes. "How could she understand, Lumornon, when even we do not? When Mother cannot see any way to feel whole again but by sailing over the Sea, though it would sunder our family as Felavel has done her heart? Piniriel is too young to even know injury, let alone death. But she is lucky, in a way, because she will forget this, and she will never know our family is less than it was meant to be, and she will grow whole and happy." Legolas looked away from his brother and dropped his jacket to the ground, moving on to his tunic and pulling it over his head. He folded it quickly into a square—fold, fold, press, fold—and let it fall on top of his jacket on the floor. "I should warn you, Legolas," Lumornon told him, looking distraught and a little uncomfortable—his dark hair fell in a frame around his face and it brushed at his cheek as he leaned toward his brother. "Mother wants you to leave with her; she intends to take you and Piniriel to the Havens." Legolas felt himself freeze as he reached behind his neck to undo the latch at his necklace— "She what?" he finally managed. "I know that you heard me," said Lumornon. "Do not make me say it again. But know, Legolas, that the choice is yours. No one will hold it against you if the hurt is too much." Legolas fumbled with the clasp that was caught in his hair and said stiffly, "No amount of hurt is enough to chase me from these woods." He could not untangle the necklace and he sighed. Lumornon turned him around with a push at his shoulder and picked out the hair tangled in the clasp. He undid it and held it out by the chain, dropping it into Legolas' hand when he turned back to him. "Do not worry, Lumornon," Legolas said. He slid the necklace—a flash of citrine like muted sunshine—onto his bedside table and sat on the bed to untie his shoes. Lumornon did not move. "I am sorry I was not here to steady them," Legolas said quietly. "This was too much for us. They thought it was safe, for her." They both glanced toward Piniriel, who stirred in her sleep and brought a knee to her chest. "Who knows," Legolas said musingly, "perhaps she will be better off in Valinor. But my heart will be broken. I will appreciate the hot water, Lumornon. And to see you again later." Lumornon suddenly stirred and moved forward in a rush. He grasped Legolas' shoulders and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Rest, emlineg ," he said. "Please rest." Legolas dropped a shoe to the floor, and then Lumornon was gone. The door breathed a sigh like an old pine in a breeze as it shut behind him. He pulled off his shirt and undershirt, wiped his hands on his breeches—wet from the tea—and crossed to a cupboard by their washbasin. He pulled out the metal tub and slid it into a corner, and then walked to his sister's bed. He laid down beside her and draped an arm across her tiny shoulders; her breath was a sigh on the hairs of his arm, barely there—she was so small. He laid there until there was a knock at the door, and he thanked Galion and his friend profusely for the water, and then, he was so glad to be clean; he had never been more glad to get rid of the dirt of the road. Thank you for reading this first chapter; please consider reviewing on your way out. Happy May to all!