the trees here are so far apart that there is no point in even trying to learn their ways and how to travel between them, and they are so quiet in their speech, like maybe they have been asleep in this peace for a very long time. "Furthermore," Legolas took a deep breath and continued, "I feel that here—in this moment of great decision—we cannot truly train, we cannot spar; to see battle, even mock, when they have not yet had it greatly afflict their people within a mortal lifetime, but know that it hurtles toward them? It upsets many who are met here. So we are going to forget how to be captains, and we have lost enough elven lives under our command without having to worry about forgetting how to use a bow!" Legolas finally lifted his hands from the leaves—now in a perfect row, a perfect autumnal spectrum—and looked Ithildim full in the face. Ithildim returned his gaze, as always, providing a calm foil to Legolas' capricious expression. "I am uncertain and confused. Ithildim!" he exclaimed, "I feel like a sitting duck or a caged animal here! We are not being very useful, to Imladris or to our wood. I would feel fine being here, were we to have answers. Any kind of answers at all." Legolas' voice had dropped to a rasp by the end, and, in that moment, when Legolas finally stilled enough to keep his gaze latched on his friend's eyes, Ithildim saw Legolas' frustration there—he was worried for their soldiers and his father's kingdom, and his feelings were roiling like a thunderstorm bearing down from the mountains. Legolas was so unwaveringly loyal to his home and his peers; Ithildim would not dream of having anyone else as his second, on and off the field. "I have my suspicions of the answer we will discover, and it both scares me and gives me hope for the fate of Middle-earth," Ithildim finally spoke. "Your words are true. Perhaps we can ask Mithrandir for some guidance." Legolas seemed to come back to himself some at the mention of Mithrandir—he straightened his back and his whole bearing lightened. He laughed. "Last time I asked Mithrandir for guidance, he guided me right down a cliff and into a river where I broke my arm." Ithildim too laughed merrily, "Ai! I had forgotten about that. But we are not always so unlucky with him." At that moment a great, shallow shadow stetched over them and wrapped up the tree. The was a humph . "You are not always so unlucky with whom, little Moon?" Legolas whipped his head around and Ithildim scrambled to his feet. "Good morning, Mithrandir," he said. Mithrandir nodded, and reached out a hand to Legolas who was still on the ground. He pulled Legolas to his feet and then pressed a small blade into his hand. "I believe this belongs to you. You ought not skewer small bushes, even in the winter." "Nobody seems to know the definition of skewer," Legolas said, shaking his head with a mischeivous smile, eyes downcast. "Thank you for returning it to me, Mithrandir." Mithrandir jerked his head toward the path near them. "Walk with me, Legolas, Ithildim." The two immediately fell into step on either side of the wizard, and he continued. "I have been listening to the two of you for a few minutes. I did not mean to eavesdrop, per se, but you were there already when I began my stroll, and I wanted to talk to you both, besides. But you do not sound like yourself today, Legolas, and that strikes me as odd. You do not usually carry such heavy resentment." Legolas shrugged casually. "I usually do not feel such resentment. It is a sensation that I am loathe to learn to deal with." Mithrandir smiled. "You both still command together, then?" "Yes, sir," said Legolas and Ithildim at once, the direct question from an elder triggering their training and prompting them respond thusly. "We do," said Ithildim. "Ithildim is our head captain in the southern defense, and I am his second," Legolas clarified. Mithrandir raised an eyebrow. "The southern defense against Dol Guldur?" "Yes, sir," they said. Mithrandir smiled again. "Fitting. You have both grown so since our first adventure together. Moonlight and greenleaves; a creature of the day and the night, illuminating one another—you compliment each other well. It would be a pity for you to be separated." There was silence for a few seconds as Legolas and Ithildim both considered Mithrandir's words as they continued on the path. Legolas could feel but not see Ithildim's agitation on Mithrandir's other side. Legolas decided not to speak; he knew Ithildim was about to. "Is that likely, Mithrandir?" asked Ithildim. "That we linger here in Imladris while our soldiers risk their lives, so that we might be sundered from one another or our duties in the end?" Mithrandir stopped walking and put a hand on both Legolas and Ithildim's shoulders. "I lied a little bit earlier about the intentions of my morning stroll. Lord Elrond asked me fetch both of you. We require you in his study for a conversation." "The counsel for which we have so long been held here, to supposedy provide?" asked Legolas. "You shouldn't be uncouth, Legolas," Mithrandir said reproachfully. "Impertinence does not often suit you." Legolas laughed lightly and grasped Mithrandir's arm. "I am sorry, old friend. I will try to be better." Ithildim looked at Mithrandir warily. "We will come." "Good," said Mithrandir. "The quicker we get to his office, the quicker I get breakfast, and I find the hobbits' enthusiasm for the meal so very amusing." Mithrandir swept off again at a significant pace, and Legolas and Ithildim both started, taking a few bounds each to catch up with him, as they headed off to Elrond's study. Legolas realized, too late, that he still was not wearing any shoes. Thank you for reading thus far! Please consider reviewing.