mouth gently as she did back, smiling and giggling. Eomer looked with concern, but before he could go after them, they had already dissapeared. 'She's good to us,' whispered Lalieth, sitting down on the large chair on the balcony, Eomer joining her soon after. 'I know. She is incredibly kind,' continued Eomer. He smiled down and placed his hand on top of Lalieths, warming up her body instantly. 'You're worried,' he continued. 'Worried?' she asked. 'About tomorrow. I must help Aragorn. His son is fighting, so must Elfwine and Neithan. They have been in the army for many years now, it is their right. I did so as a boy, so must they,' said Eomer in a strong yet slightly stern voice. 'I know, I am worried for you all. I could not bare it if I lost one of you - ' he words could not leave her mouth, she sobbed quietly and looked down. Suddenly, Eome was kneeling in front of her, and clasping her face with his large hands, wiping away her tears. 'Lalieth, they're pirates. They cannot win against us. Neithan and Elfwine brave, and strong. More so than you think. You must be brave and believe in us,' he whispered softly. 'I do...' she whispered. Eomer pressed him lips against Lalieths wet lips, pressing harder and kissing her tears away. A week passed, and Crirawen was sitting peacefully alone reading a deep red book on the grass in the summers evening. It was nearly night, yet she could not read her book with great care. She was continuing to worry about her dearest Father and Brothers. Where they all alive? Of course they are. She shook her head to get away the dreadful thought. As Crirawen got up from the grass, she saw in the distance men trotting along in horses, some carrying people infront of them, slowly walking through the gates of Edoras. 'Father,' she whispered as her eyes widened at the sight. Quickly, she threw her book aside and ran to the lower town, dodging the endless amounts of people who filled the streets, searching for the army members who had lived. Most of the poor people were shocked to see Crirawen walking amongst them in her finery, attempting to get a better view of the army. She was too late, they had passed her as she took a shortcut and were nearing the castle. Crirawen took the shortcut back to the castel and found her mother sat in the Great Hall, writing a letter on a parchment. 'Mother,' she breahted compeltely out of breath, 'they're back.' Lalieths eyes widened and she dropped the quill and parchment, running, a bit slower than Crirawen, towards the army. Eomer came into view, bloody here and there, yet still alive. He jumped off his horse and ran to Lalieth and his daughter, holding them in a tight embrace as they both wept into his armour. 'Where is Neithan and Elfwine,' asked Lalieth, tears prickling in her eyes and her voice choking and croaking as the words left her mouth. 'Neithan...' whispered Eomer, but he could not finish the sentence. Crirawen looked over towards the army men who had gotten off their horses, carrying a body. A lifeless body. Lalieth wept into her husbands arms, whilst Eomer gently comforted her. Crirawen ran towards the men who were carrying the body and wept as she saw Neithan lying in their hands. Elfwine was carrying him at the front, crying his eyes out, and Crirawen noticed Renwyn also carrying her beloved brother. He looked at her and smiled, as did she back. Her brother. Her beloved brother, and the one which she had so much in common with. How did this happen? Fury blazed through her eyes as men of the army walked past, bowing their heads as they passed her and saying 'sorry'. Crirawen fell to the floor, her head in her hands. Suddenly, she was being hugged by Renwyn who had hurried over, letting someone else hold Neithan and he wrapped his arms around her body, comforting her tenderly. She wrapped her arms around his neck, weeping quietly into his chest as he stroked her hair. She looked up and kissed him on the lips, taking him by surprise, but he kissed back and tenderly picked her up, placing her on her feet slowly. She stood up and took his hand, walking beside him and following the men. In the Great Hall, a table was placed in the center where the Rohirrim placed Neithan on the table carefully out of respect. Lalieth stood near his head and wiped away his hair from his eyes, crying uncontrolably. Eomer stood beside her, not crying but hanging his head down low. Elfwine stood next to Crirawen who stood next to her father and Renwyn. 'How did this happen?' asked Crirawen as he stood beside her. 'He was shot. By a pirate, saving my life,' he croaked, the words at the end of the sentence failing him. He began to weep, and placed his head in a hand, lowering his head and weeping silently. The whole room was silent, and it began to fill with the army and men of the court who each said their good-byes. Crirawen could not take the pain anymore and fleed the Great Hall, being followed by Renwyn. As she opened the door to leave the castel, she saw something that she was not expecting. Millions of people were waiting outside of the castel, holding tiny candels in respect to their lost Prince, the heir to the throne also. They remained silent as they saw Crirawen looking at them all, and finally falling to the ground and weeping yet again. Renwyn ran over to her and placed his arms around her back, holding onto her. She hugged him, and the people outside started to cry. The moon shone down brightly onto Crirawen and Renwyn as they held eachother, and the people remaind still holding their candels.