more fun." He separated the two hobbits again, turning Pippin around so Merry's chest was now facing Pippin's back. Upon seeing the wounds the whip had left on Pippin's body, Merry had to resist the urge to vomit all over the place. Pip was never gonna live that down. Thoughts of his cousin's robbed innocence only increased the anger building up in his chest. "Let him go!" He tried to pull the hands of the uruk away from Pippin's body, but he failed. He was too tired out from his beating. The uruk just grunted and pushed Pippin until his back was flush against Merry's chest, his ass pressing against his cousin's cock. Merry couldn't help but moan at the contact, too long had he waited for that. He felt guilty the second he heard Pippin hiss in pain. What a horrible person he was, taking pleasure out of something that was completely wrong. "Enjoying it, aren't we?", the uruk barked, which caused laughter to erupt from the crowd of orcs that had gathered around the poor hobbits. Merry bit his underlip, trying to regain composure. Please don't, please don't, please don't , he begged in his mind. But it happened still. His cock hardened. Pippin tensed as he felt Merry's erection swelling against his butt. He swallowed thickly. The one thing he had always wanted to feel finally happened. But under what circumstances... Feeling Pippin stiffen, Merry reached up to stroke his cousin's arms, who flinched at his tender touch. Seeing this small gesture broke Merry's heart. "I'm sorry, Pip, I can't help it", he whispered, sounding on the edge of tears. Pip put his own hand over Merry's on his arm. "It's okay", he whimpered, frightened as hell. But they both knew it was not okay. Why did Merry react like that? The words of Sauron echoed through Pippin's mind again. Aah, if this isn't love, how sweet. It couldn't be, could it? More likely Merry was just turned on because he was about to have sex. Even if it was forced, it was just natural and he didn't blame him. His thoughts disappeared as quickly as they had come when the uruk lifted Pippin up again, placing Merry's now fully erect cock at Pippin's still bleeding entrance. The small contact alone made his face scrunch up in pain. "Oh, you're gonna suffer, little one", the uruk growled in his ear, before he slammed him down onto his cousin's dick hard. Pippin screamed and thick tears rolled down his cheeks as he was forced to ride Merry at a furious pace. His cousin moaned underneath him helplessly, choking on his own tears. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." Merry's mantra spilled from his lips the whole time. He wanted to comfort his cousin, but now he himself was causing him this pain and it killed him. Besides Pippin didn't hear him. He was too caught up in the torment. His body shook violently, his throat burned and he didn't even want to think about the flaming pain in his ass. Suddenly he fell back against Merry, so his mouth was right next to his cousin's ear. He was so worn, so tired. "Cum for me, Merry", he begged him, touching his hand to his cheek. " Please! " And Merry obeyed, the desperate tone in Pippin's voice sending him over the edge. He came with a violent shudder and felt like the biggest asshole in whole middle earth. Pippin cried out sharply. Merry's cum burned inside him when it came into contact with his open wounds, but he couldn't help the sob of relieve. It was over. After Merry came down from his height, too, he turned from Pippin's back and vomited all over the floor, ignoring the laughter around them. "Well, this was fun." Both hobbits looked up to find the amused uruk looking down at them. He picked them up, still pressed together and dragged them along the corridor to their room. He tossed the pair inside and locked the heavy metal door. Pippin automatically stumbled to the opposite corner of the small cave they were in and hugged himself into a tight ball. He had never felt more humiliated in his life. What did Merry think of him? Said hobbit leaned against the wall, looking at his poor little cousin, lost for words. What do you say to the person you just raped but secretly care about? Suddenly he heard a small sob. He looked up to find Pippin rocking himself back and forth, weeping quietly. Merry hesitated at first, not wanting to scare his cousin, but when he couldn't hold back anymore he stumbled across the room and hugged his cousin, wanting nothing more than the pain to go away. He sighed in relieve when he felt Pippin's arms encircle him. It meant not only forgiveness but truly the world to him. "Merry?" His cousin's shy voice startled Merry. "Yes Pip?", he answered as he ran a shaky hand through Pippin's locks. "Did Sauron mean what he said? About you loving me?" Merry was shocked to say the last. Pippin was just raped by his own cousin, heck, he was even bleeding still! And Sauron's words were what mattered to him the most at this moment? Merry swallowed thickly. Who was he to lie to his Pippin? "Yes. He was right. I love you, Pip. Please don't hate me now." His arms tightened around his cousin. "I can't stand you leaving me. I just... I'm just so afraid, I..." Pippin responded by touching his lips softly to his Merry's for a spot second. "I love you, too", he whispered softly, his beautiful eyes searching Merry's face. "Always have." Then they snuggle up against each other again, weeping with joy. And it was this moment that Pippin felt safer than ever before in his life. We're gonna make it through , he thought, falling asleep to the sound of Merry's heartbeat. Together. Reviews please :)