elf's taught muscles, though Gimli thought that Legolas probably had not intended to be so caustic. Legolas knew himself—of the three of them—perhaps least of all. Gimli sighed and opened his mouth to speak—Legolas and Aragorn needed a dwarf to steady them. And so their evening began. They endured the grief through the night. Their grief: How it was that Frodo was broken by the ring, disenchanted finally with Middle-earth—Legolas fell silent when Gimli spoke of that sadness—how it was, to them, like Frodo had died when he left Middle-earth, how alone Sam might now feel with the loss of him, that only living person in the world who had stood at the crack of Mount Doom at the end of days—Legolas thought maybe he and Gimli should visit. How Gandalf, who had been a mentor to all at one point or another, was returned to the West, and how Legolas alone would be the only one of them to perhaps see him again. How Lorien fell now into the disintegrating stream of mortal time and its wood-elves would one day fade into nothing; how Aragorn ruminated on his elven friends' fates; how Legolas would endure the passing of his dearest friends and then the final passage, in one form or another, of the elves. They spoke of how Elrond would never know his grandchildren, nor Galadriel her kin; how Aragorn and Arwen would raise their children without their own families, bereft of the wisdom of those that had helped to raise them; how Arwen would bring this child into the world in Gondor, without Imladrian healers, or Noldorin blessings spoken from the lips of her fathers' elves. They mourned that there was darkness yet in the world after the passing of evil, and how there would ever be darkness in their hearts and in the lands for which they had labored so long, even with this dawning of a new age and the imminent arrival of a new generation. They spoke of it all. Though the Ringbearers had left Middle-earth months ago, this coming of spring, the lengthening of days, the closer they came to meeting this baby—it was the season for growing and renewal, and the grief—like a calf sickening its ailing mother—was finally born. And it was good. Every once in a while, in the grief, there were moments of clear laughter, and Gimli would be lying if he did not admit he felt better for baring and confronting those fears, and when Legolas stood with the breaking of the sun to scramble up the wall as if some mighty weight had been lifted from him—from all of them—so that he felt truly light, not just feigning merriment and slipping a mask over stubborn grief, Gimli knew they had endured unto the breaking of a new day. Legolas stood on the wall as he had the night before, his arms spread to the side and his head tilted back in the dim light, absolutely quiet. Aragorn ran a hand over his face; he slapped his hands on his thighs as he stood and then gathered up the cups and bottles in the now empty handkerchief. It was with a lightened heart that Gimli reproachfully sent Aragorn in to bathe and tidy before he held court, and that the dwarf tossed the elf's shoes at him, hitting Legolas squarely between the shoulder blades with one of them. "Come!" Gimli said. "We have contemplated enough, and you have much to do with this mess," he gestured at the empty garden and sundry tools, "before Aragorn's child comes to this world. My kin will be here before long, and this deplorable excuse for a garden needs more of your honeysuckle. Let us go find some." Legolas stood quietly, watching the city, as Gimli spoke to him, but he finally turned with a small smile. "What a strange friend I have in you," he said, tilting his head to the side. "So…accommodating." Then Legolas pivoted on the balls of his feet and jumped to the ground. He pulled on his shoes quickly, and as he straightened up, he clapped his hands together. "Let us go find some of that wild stuff then! I will build our friend's child a wild sanctuary that will endure as the child grows, and then I will help you to cut out those vines and move, if you need it, some stone." Legolas took off away from the garden and around the corner, spinning on the balls of his feet to laugh and wave to Gimli as he waited for him to catch up. "Come, Master Sluggard! Come!" Gimli sighed with exasperation at Legolas' renewed boundless enthusiasm—they were all truly feeling better, he supposed wryly. Legolas' hair came out of its tie and tangled as he weaved and dodged, and Gimli reached behind his own neck to tighten his silver clasp. This new day was, Gimli thought, a chance for joy, indeed. As the sun continued to rise over the reinvigorated city—began to touch the edges of that future garden behind them—it was as if they had never grieved, for they were themselves more whole for having allowed each other a moment to be broken. They were all three building a better world, in their own ways, a better world for Aragorn's imminent child—a future king of men—and the children of others—a hope that could endure, and—despite all they had lost—that hope was yet worth living for. They ran for a long time, and then walked in companionable silence, and then took from the stables' ruins some more honeysuckle. Legolas sang, and Gimli grumbled, and the bells of the city chimed to tell that the King was in court and the markets were open, and everything carried on and everything—for everyone—endured. Thank you for enduring this meandering one-shot! ;) Please do drop a review on the way out. (What did you like, what can I improve on, etc.) Happy Spring to readers in the Northern Hemisphere!