eyes are so close again I see only their grey and the dark circles beneath them. And now he is fully back, and talking like an elf. I am pleased, and I pat his hand in a way that I once would have thought awkward. He is sickening, yet I love him for it. "Well, that will have to be enough, I guess," I grumble and pull away, and then sigh and roll my eyes, swat at his head. He tucks his hair behind his ears. "You are a mess ," I say. He smiles and shrugs, and then nods toward the front door of the house, not looking at me at all. He stands, and so do I. Elboron is emerging from the door with a skip in his step. I hand Legolas' pack to him as Elboron stumbles forward, toward his father, who I notice now is kneeling by a shed, and not very far away at all. When Elboron pauses a few steps outside the door and cups his hands around his mouth to beckon Faramir, Legolas ducks under the pretense of scratching his calf. "It is not so much the sea-longing, my friend—that has passed, I think." I see Faramir look up from the wood he is stacking and he grins at his son; Legolas continues. "I was reminded of loss." Now Legolas does actually scratch at his leg, sunk into a crouch on his heels, and his words spill out almost faster than I can track. "I am sorry your father died, Gimli. I am sorry I was not a better friend. It is inexcusable." I did not expect this and I look at him sharply, but he is leaning sideways and studying his shoes; he tucks a lace into the leather at his ankle. "Legolas—" Faramir is moving toward us at speed and Legolas has found his feet, only bent forward slightly now with a hand on my shoulder. "It is dread, I think," he whispers, and his breath again stirs my beard. "The threat of grief—I am overwhelmed by it." Faramir has swept up Elboron and spins him in the air, and the youth is laughing and crying out in his childish joy. I look up at Legolas, and he is not smiling; he cocks his head to the side and waits for Faramir's inevitable approach. His eyes track their dance, and his lips are parted in what I have come to recognize as wonder: this is but a moment in this elf's long life, and so, likewise, am I. But since he heard the gulls, this moment that we share has stretched out before him (when he is here ) into an eternity, filled with more joys and sorrows than he thought possible in this short span of years. He has given and taken too much of us, now—he cannot and will not leave. I decided a long time ago that I do not need to understand Legolas to respect him, and he has told me much the same. He did not used to speak of anything at all—to anyone—but I worked my way into his trust, splitting him like a persistent root through initially unyielding rock. Dwarves—we are patient. And then Faramir is upon us with Elboron at his heels, suddenly quiet and deferent, like his father's shadow. Faramir claps Legolas on the shoulder and Legolas reaches out and grasps the man's upper arm, and then Faramir smiles and embraces him; when Legolas pulls away, Faramir speaks. "You are late, Legolas! Éowyn is pleased you are back. We had begun to worry for you." "I have heard," Legolas murmurs, and then he licks his finger and rubs at a smudge of dirt on his nose—he looks over his shoulder at me and meets my eyes and holds them before continuing. "I am trying, Faramir. I am trying my very best." Elboron is rocking from the balls of his feet to his heels and he exclaims—"And your very best is good enough for us!" Legolas bursts into laughter and Faramir begins to walk. Legolas follows, and so do I. "So you have been paying attention during lessons!" Legolas exclaims, and he places a gentle hand on Elboron's dark head. "Better than you !" Elboron jests. He looks up at the elf adoringly, but when I look again, a cool and quick smile flits over Elboron's face—he is the Shieldmaiden on the way to the Deep; he is Faramir seeking out Aragorn in the Houses of Healing, and it is no wonder Legolas revels in teaching him, and loves him. In my hurt earlier, I was wrong: I do not deserve this friend I have found. Such a friendship I have never had, and I do not think either of us will ever truly believe that we are enough for the other. Sometimes I dislike Legolas, and I dislike elves, and I dislike this inevitable passage of time. But I waited out his season and then wrote, and he followed me, as he always said he would—we somehow manage to communicate across the gap. Faramir's boot scuffs at the threshold; as we enter the house, Éowyn is skinning the rabbits. She raises her eyebrows, and then nods to the bread. Legolas lets go of Elboron and picks up a knife from a block and sets to slicing it. Elboron chatters in broken Sindarin, and Legolas smiles at Faramir; Éowyn is washing her hands and offering me ale, and Legolas seems to have forgotten I am here. I should be offended, but I am not. That idiot swallow made it back before winter, and I am grateful. There is not, I suppose, any more I can hope for than that. Thank you for reading this one-shot. I know FF is still being dodgy about "posting" reviews, but writers are receiving your feedback to their email inboxes. Therefore, please leave positive feedback and/or constructive criticism below! :) Enjoy this last week before May's full moon!