turned it to the left. It unlocked and I walked inside. I closed the door and looked out its window to watch Silvia drive away. I would not soon forget her. But my time with her was in the past, and now I needed to face my future. I turned from the window and looked over the house. From the front door I could see two rooms, and then there was a staircase and coat rack to my left, and I hung up my coat and set my two carry-on bags on the stairs. To the right, there was a living room. There was a television set on the right wall and a leather couch on the wall across from it. There was a coffee table in front of the couch that was made of a dark wood that I didn't know. The television sat on a table; on its right side there was a VCR and on its left side there was a DVD player. Under the window there was a box with two shelves that was lined with DVD's and video tapes. Past the living room I could see through a small archway into the kitchen. I walked into the room and looked around. On my immediate right there was a door that led outside to a driveway. Next to the door was a fridge, and then a counter lined the back wall. There was some counter space after the fridge and then an inlaid sink that was placed under a window. There was a bit more counter space before I spotted a dishwasher. From the dishwasher, the counter went a bit further before disappearing into the wall. A stovetop oven sat opposite the fridge. I saw another door next to the oven that led to a small bathroom, and a table with two chairs was set in the middle of the room. Another small archway led into a dining room that had a table and four chairs. It didn't seem to be used for eating much. The room had nothing else except lights and papers covering the table. I exited it using an archway to my left that took me back to the living room. I sat on the couch and looked around the room. It was nice. But a piece of paper on the coffee table caught my eye. I picked it up, and realized that it was a note for me. Katharine I know it's probably late and you're probably tired. Your room is not ready yet, and for that I apologize. You can sleep in the master bedroom since I won't be home until late. There is food in the fridge if you are hungry. I will be home before you wake up, so do not be alarmed when there is another person in the house tomorrow morning, or if you hear someone come I'm during the night. I will see you soon. ~O O? It was odd to me that they didn't sign their name. But whatever. I'd already eaten so I didn't need food, but I was tired from the flight. I'd slept, but it was uncomfortable and I longed to sleep in a bed. I grabbed my bags and trudged up the stairs. There were about ten stairs up before they turned to the right and went up another four steps. There was a room immediately to my right, a closet in front of me, and a hallway to my left. There were two rooms on the left side of the hallway and one on the right side. There were some boxes of what I guessed were my things in the hall, so I couldn't explore the room on the right or the room farthest down the hall. But the first door on the left was a bathroom, and I was glad that it wasn't blocked by boxes. I poked my head into the room on my right. I had correctly guessed that it was the master bedroom. I quickly changed into my pajamas and then went to the bathroom to brush my teeth. After brushing my teeth and hair I went back to the bedroom and laid down in the bed. It felt much better compared to an airplane seat, and I found myself drifting of fairly quickly, though it was early for my body. I woke up once, a couple hours later when the door opened. I wasn't too awake, but I was aware of someone's head peeking around the door. They didn't say anything, and left fairly quickly. It took me a bit to get back to sleep. But I finally did after about half an hour. I knew I would be dreaming about home often, but I didn't expect the dreams to be so vivid and real. I found myself waking up in my bed at home. I went through my morning routine: shower, get dressed, eat, and take care of the animals. I hugged and kissed my parents before heading out to catch the bus. I went to school and sat through all my classes. I hung out with Meagen and Andy after school at Meagen's house. Pastor Todd and Rebekka were there are being wonderful parents. It wasn't long before my parents came to pick me up and take me home. I helped my mother cook dinner and then we all ate. After dinner I took care for the animals again before heading up to my room to to whatever until bed. I got ready for bed and then crawled under my covers. I fell asleep quickly and seemed to wake up very quickly. But when I woke up I wasn't at home. I was in a strange bed, in a strange room, in a strange houses, in a town and country I had never been to before. I was miles and miles away from home, and I would probably only ever make it back in my dreams. I felt tears form in my eyes.