still that insecure." he says moving close to me placing his hand on my cheek, "Aragorn, I told you the truth, nothing less." "But why, Legolas, why do you love me?" I say placing my hands on his shoulder. "I don't know why, "he puts his hands around my waist."it's just in past two months you've started to captivate me by your very presence has become intoxicating to me everything about you to...to, well I can't explain it I just feel so drawn to you like if I let it go to far I won't be able to live without you. Can you understand what I'm saying, Aragorn?" "I understand, Legolas." I move to kiss his nose but he moves a little and I catch his lips instead. Oh how I love the fell of his lips. We kiss tenderly for a short while till we hear footsteps out side the room, so we reluctantly step apart. When old Bilbo, the other math teacher, unlocks the door and walks in. "Aragorn what are you doing here, don't you have class?" he asks surprised to see me I guess. "Yes, Bilbo I was just talking with Legolas." I answer sneak a glance at the boy beside me. "Well then run along to class." with that I leave and go to math. "You're late, and why did you go to your locker all your books are here are they not?" "To get away from you." the class laughs at my comment and I sit down and take out Dracula, and read with a contented smiled hidden on my face. Legolas POV.: "Just please next time lock the door." sitting down in his chair he leans back. "And I would advice it if you don't want the whole school to know what you in private." at that moment the class filed in and we all took our seats. It was so systematic, so rehearsed I just sat down in the seat I always sat in, right behind Aragorn, took my notes and when class was over I just left, I guess I must have offended him somehow because he showed up at my next class. The room was empty and dark I didn't even hear him come in till the lock clicked. "Legolas, can we talk?" he asked softly. "Haven't we talked enough, Aragorn?"Damn it, that came off as being angry, no I'm not angry. "What do you mean by that?" if he sad or mad I could not talk from his tone or stance. "Just what I said, I've told you want I think you to know." I told him still sounding unintentionally pissed. "Were you telling me the truth?" oh my, this boy has no confidence. It almost cute. "Why would I lie?" "To make me shut up." he pouted, I take it back it was cute. "Are you still that insecure?" I walk over to him and cup his cheek with my hand. "Aragorn, I told you the truth, nothing less." "But why, Legolas, why do you love me?" he places his hands on my shoulders and I drop mine. Damn I don't think he'll believe me, I don't even completely understand why. "I don't know why," I encircle his waist in my arms. "it's just in past two months you've started to captivate me by your very presence has become intoxicating to me everything about you to..." oh gods I'm bearing my soul to him. "To, well I can't explain it I just feel so drawn to you like if I let it go to far I won't be able to live without you. Can you understand what I'm saying, Aragorn?" ok I got it out, he won't understand it, he can't. "I understand, Legolas." WHAT! How, I don't even understand? He moves to kiss my nose or cheek or something, but I need to taste him so I make him kiss my mouth. It only lasts a few moments but it meant more then any kiss I'd ever shared. We pulled apart as old Bilbo came in the room. "Aragorn what are you doing here, don't you have class?" "Yes, Bilbo I was just talking with Legolas." I answer sneak a glance at the boy beside me. "Well then run along to class." and so he left to class, and in about fifteen minutes there was yelling from math class. So I stepped out just in time to see Aragorn storm out, presumably to the office. What the hell was that about? I made a mental note to ask him about the commotion and go back to class. When the class ended I went out to psychology, I ran in to Aragorn in the foyer stomping up to Chem. class, when I grabbed his arm I felt him tense up. "Aragorn?" spinning around he was grinning from ear to ear. "Legolas, it's good to see you." cutting right to the point I half shout. "What the hell was all that yelling about?" "Oh that, you heard, ay? Well I um," he started babble and rubbing the back his neck nervously "I kind of called Elladans sister a whore and may be got permanently kicked out of math class." He seemed both proud and ashamed of what he had done; now I had the urge to break out in a fit of laughter "You did WHAT? Why?" "Oh, I knew his sister back in middle school, that little slut, and my friends in public school say she even worst then before." "But why now, today?" "Well, because she called in the middle of class that's why" I was starring at him baffled "ok what ever I have to get to psychology class." he stares at my back as I walk away and all I can think is, Damn it's gonna take awhile to figure out the inter-workings of his brain, I had thought. Well ya wanna know something; I never really do figure him out. TO BE CONTINUED, MAYBE