tested this past day and I have had about enough—had it over and over again—and I look Ithildim right in the face: "I do not see how Legolas' stupidity is in any way my fault!" "Oh, it is not your fault," he says immediately, and he reaches out a hand now absently, unsticking a wayward strand of hair from the bandages. "He relinquished it, at first temporarily, for the fate of Middle-earth, and, then, permanently, for Aragorn—for the love of the Lord of the White Tree, he said. But, most of all, for his love of you." Surely I have misheard. "What?" I say. Ithildim looks thoughtful and smug at the same time, and were I not so surprised I would find it an impressive combination. "He wrote me while he was in Minas Tirith and asked my advice," Ithildim explains lightly; his heels hover inches from the ground and he bounces slightly as he speaks, "and I gave it. Then he wrote our Commander, and then our King, and he begged to be released from service." He shrugs. "And now, he is just Legolas, and he is yours as much as he is mine, or ours." I did not know this. We spoke much, but not of this, never after our initial fights over the Sea-longing and all the patching thereafter; never again did we speak of death and how we would spend my final years on Arda, or his. And suddenly it makes sense, for this is the unkindness I have sensed in his folk since I met them: I am one of the distant mortals that have cost them their captain; the simple dwarf who has spirited away a son of the Elvenking… "But today," Ithildim says quietly, and he smiles slightly at me, and it makes the lines of his eyes curve faintly, like barely-waning moons, "it is clear to me that his sacrifice was not made lightly, for your love of him brought him back to us." I cannot speak. "You brought him back in the face of death, Gimli, and I am forever in your debt," he continues, "for he is like a brother to me." I am quiet again; I do not know what to say, for Ithildim gives me too much credit. But then something bursts forth and slips out like a tumble of displaced pebbles. I think I have finally become giddy from the ordel, for I jest before I can stop myself: "Legolas would say, therefore, that we are brothers, too." Ithildim considers me for a moment, and I almost squirm under the weight of his gaze. But then he rocks back onto his heels and bursts raucously into laughter; it is loud and deep like the rapids of a strong river, while Legolas' is a brimming creek—lighter and more elusive—and all the elves turn round to look at us. "A strange family, then!" Ithildim booms. "He will be pleased with our logic." I have brightened slightly despite my exhaustion, and I feel more confident as I smile. "Legolas is absurd often, weaving metaphors for which I have no time." "Yes, yes," Ithildim murmurs. "Believe you me, I understand." He turns away and addresses now his soldiers. As he speaks, the ones who stand drop what they are doing and clasp their hands in front of them, and those who sit look up at him in silence—he is quietly powerful and they mind him. "You are to make Lord Gimli welcome here. He is a brother to Legolas and so too to me, and a friend to all Free Peoples of Middle-earth. Your respect is demanded." There is silence and stillness in his folk, and I do not move; I barely breathe. Then he finishes and it is over: "That is an order." And at that, the camp bursts into movement again, and Tinu rushes forward and is pulling Legolas from my arms and commanding me to rest. Perhaps all wood-elves are like this, transparent and direct and blindsidingly compassionate, utterly forgiving... Or, perhaps, it is just the folk Legolas includes in his life. I find I do not know, nor do I care. "Sleep, Gimli," Ithildim says, as Tinu settles Legolas on a stack of folded cloaks beside me. "I will watch over you while you rest. I owe you that, least of all." I find that I like this elf more than I did even at first quip, and I can tolerate this queer, dark place if I am not altogether alone. As I give my defense over to Ithildim, my earlier bitterness and fear melt away. I realize, now, that this is what Legolas gives me—even when he is not giving it himself—and he does not even know it: Acceptance, inexplicable forgiveness—by myself, and offered freely from others— and thus, with that unconditional love, a home , wherever we go. He too keeps me humble. I lean back until I am flat on the ground and close my eyes. I turn away from Ithildim and away from camp, and toward Legolas. "Fine," I mutter in response to Ithildim's offer, "but you best watch over me too, Captain, when I am a guest in your home. This is not how I would have liked Gloin's son to return to Mirkwood after all these years: escorting the Elvenking's youngest son, injured after an epic quest and singing songs to the breeze like a loon. It seems hardly prudent and, this journey, I have had worry enough." I hear Ithildim laugh, and there is the scrape of a shoe by my ear, and a blanket drops over my shoulders. "Hush, Lord Gimli," Ithildim says. "Or I will make you." I glance one last time at Legolas as he sleeps—breathing even and blessedly alive—and then I finally close my eyes and rest, closer now to home than I have been in a very long time... Thank you for reading this piece. :) Please consider dropping a review on your way out.