him. Gandalf noticed the elf's unconscious reassurance, and almost laughed in his face. "Be more confident, Legolas," Gandalf said, seriously. Legolas opened his mouth as if to argue, but the wizard held up his hand and continued. "I will teach you now while Aragorn and Boromir go out to check the perimeter—" "I have already done that," Legolas protested, but Gandalf continued. "—and the hobbits can find something to do besides confuse you. It is not unnatural if you do not routinely speak Westron, to be initially flustered by these things in the first weeks of immersion. "Gimli," said Gandalf then, abruptly, before Legolas could interrupt or insist on wandering out of camp with the other Big Folk instead. "Come over here and help." Legolas sighed and frowned again, conceding. He felt unmoored. "Aye," said Gimli, and he left Pippin's side to crouch on the earth at the other side of Legolas' cloak, large hands clasped in front of him and eyes trained studiously on the wizard. "So then," Gandalf began. "You told Aragorn you heard the word 'wood-dent.' Now, what I think you really heard was 'wouldn't,' which is a combination of words—a contraction, some call it—for would not." "'Would not,'" Legolas said blankly. "Yes," said Gandalf. "Say 'would not,' several times, very fast." And so Legolas did. "Faster still," said Gandalf. And so Legolas repeated the words faster and faster until he finally tripped over his own tongue and huffed in frustration. Gimli laughed at him, but not at all unkindly. "I cannot say it so fast. I have messed up the words!" Legolas said. "Ah, but you haven't," said Gandalf. "'Have-int'?" Legolas asked. "'Have not,'" Gimli clarified. "What is the last set of sounds you just said, when trying to say 'would not,'" Gandalf redirected. "Wood-dent," said Legolas. "No," said Gandalf, "that is not quite what you said. You said 'wouldn't'." "'Wouldn't?' And that sounds different from 'wood-dent?'" Legolas challenged. "Yes, Legolas—'wouldn't.' Short for 'would not,' just as 'doesn't' is short for 'does not,' and 'haven't' for have not," Gandalf confirmed. "I do not understand why," Legolas said, "but I will learn it soon enough." "You don't understand?" Gimli asked, roguishly. "'Don't?'" Legolas queried. Gimli and Gandalf sat quietly, waiting for the elf to realize it himself. "Don't," Legolas said again. Then, "'Don't' means 'do not!' I have heard that used and used it myself, but I did not realize what words made it. I have always heard it in my head as 'dolt.'" Gimli guffawed and looked upon the elf fondly for a moment before Gandalf continued. "Ah-ha," said Gandalf. "Good. But now use 'wouldn't' in a sentence, as if you were speaking to the hobbits." Legolas bit his bottom lip and glanced to the sky for a moment before speaking. "I wouldn't need to know these made-up words if you did not—" he paused. "Wait. If you did-int insist on pruning your own language," Legolas finished, with poorly masked triumph. Gandalf laughed heartily and patted Legolas on the back; his grey robes swished around them. Even Gimli thumped the elf approvingly on the thigh, and Legolas turned to him sharply, curious. "Surely you did not grow up speaking Westron primarily?" he asked Gimli. "In Erebor, Master Gimli? How came you to escape my confusion?" Gandalf raised his eyebrows and hid his smile behind his pipe as Gimli replied. "The tongue is peculiar, Master Elf, I will grant you that," Gimli said, grinning. "But not all of us are so secluded as your Elvenking, and we speak to humans more than once a year, and even invite them sometimes into our halls." "Yes, well," said Legolas quietly, now looking away. "You are perhaps lucky in that. We wood-elves are still getting used to that sort of trust." Gandalf intervened, distracting them both from what might have otherwise become unintentional antagonism. "There you go, Legolas:" Gandalf said, "'you are.' Tell me the word for it." Legolas muttered the words quickly under his breath for a few seconds before he looked up at the wizard and tilted his head to the side quizzically, querulously offering, "'You're?'" "Indeed!" said Gandalf. "I think you are beginning to understand contractions." And Gimli laughed, his jab at the Elvenking forgotten, and the hobbits, too, cheered the elf's success good-naturedly. Aragorn and Boromir walked back into camp. Aragorn's hands were cupped full of winter berries. "Have you figured it out, then?" Boromir asked kindly, as Aragorn dumped the fruit into Merry's outstretched hands. "I have!" said Legolas, and he smiled, but then his smile faltered and his fair face was again twisted in concentration. "Wait, no—" There was silence as the elf dropped his eyes again to his shoes, and his mouth formed the words soundlessly for several seconds. "I have—I've," Legolas finally clarified, looking up now at Aragorn, in absolute seriousness. Aragorn shook his head, and the Fellowship laughed companionably. "No, Legolas," Aragorn said. "In this instance, it is just 'I have.'" "Are there no rules to this?" Legolas cried in mock terror, throwing his hands into the air. "Perhaps I will just become mute!" "No, Legolas, no!" said Pippin, and he bumbled around the fire to settle at the elf's feet dramatically. Legolas winked at him, and Pippin's back straightened in recognition of a mood, and they silently appreciated, for a moment, one another's hidden mischievousness. And that is how Legolas learned to better understand Samwise and Pippin, and over the next few days, Legolas' increased comprehension made him and Pippin—to Gandalf's chagrin—very fast friends indeed. I hope you enjoyed this little linguistic wandering. It was highly entertaining for me to write, though in the end a little uncomfortable, since it unusually—for me—focuses more on dry concepts than character development (and a markedly different characterization of Legolas than I am used to writing). Please drop a review on your way out to let me know what you enjoyed, what I can improve for my future writing, or something else! Happy March.