the elf's crown. The mucous and scales tore off until there was just a rag of fish skin left, for the rest was well ground into the elf's hair and scalp. "You need not worry about smelling young Merry's blood on your clothes, at this point, I think," Aragorn said with mock grimness, flicking the scales from his hand into the water. "For now, you smell a bit like fish." Legolas laughed and shrugged. Aragorn took the comb back from him. "I have smelled of worse," said the elf. Aragorn worked the comb now from the top to bottom of Legolas' locks, and the mucous from the fish's scales helped to sluice the sap away, sliding it further down Legolas' hair until it came out in a clump, along with a ball of broken hairs, in the comb's teeth. Aragorn picked the sap and hair out of the comb and tossed the mass into the deep water, which bore it slowly away. He pulled the comb through Legolas' hair one more time to be sure it was fully clean, and then bid the elf stick his head in the water to rinse out the lingering fish. "That is a fine trick, Aragorn!" Legolas exclaimed, once his hair was again clean. He ran his fingers through it and started to braid it back from his face with practiced fingers. "Thank you!" Aragorn grabbed one of Legolas' arms and met his eyes. "Let me do that." Legolas narrowed his eyes and considered Aragorn momentarily before he simply nodded, and turned his body away from Aragorn obligingly. Aragorn rose to his knees and knelt behind Legolas, picking up hair from beneath each ear and braiding the strands together tightly to bind his hair temporarily in place. Aragorn then picked up three sections from the top of Legolas' head and plaited them tightly to his crown, drawing once in a while loose pieces from the sides of the elf's face to the larger braid. Aragorn undid the temporary thong of hair with one hand before adding those pieces into the braid and then picking up the last locks of hair at the nape of Legolas' neck. He quickly braided the remaining hair plainly, until the length of Legolas' hair was completely braided. Aragorn laid it flat on Legolas' back between his shoulder blades. He pulled a length of short leather from his own hair and wrapped it around the tip of Legolas' braid, securing it tightly and tucking in the ends. "There," said Aragorn, patting Legolas' shoulder lightly. Legolas turned back around to thank him. "That was very thoughtful of you," said Legolas. "It is very tender for a man to offer to help an elf in such a way. I feel now more trusting of you in an unexplainable way." "Good. I would that you were comfortable among us on this journey," said Aragorn, before grinning a small grin. "It can be difficult to adjust to travelling with mortals, or so I have been told." Legolas considered Aragorn for a moment before dropping his eyes to his lap and running his hands over his head, fidgeting with a loose strand. "Anyway," Aragorn continued, "it grows cold and we have yet many fish to skin! Let us dress and just take the fish back with us to camp. Our company can endure the smell, and we can then warm by the fire." "A fine idea," Legolas said. "Besides, then they will think the lingering smell comes just from the fish and not from my hair. I do not think Gimli would bear it quietly, if he found out I smeared dead fish in my hair over a bit of sap, instead of just cutting it out." Aragorn stood and held out a hand for the elf to rise with him. "I think you are right," Aragorn said, grinning. And then the two gathered the fish in their arms—across their recently cleaned chests—and headed to the bank. Aragorn pulled on his dry clothes and began strapping on his weapons, while Legolas slipped into his damp leggings and the dry sleeveless undershirt. He fastened his belt and knife at his hips and shrugged his quiver straps over his head, buckling the strap also around his chest. Legolas then folded his still wet tunic and overshirt and rolled them up together so he could tuck them under one arm. Aragorn held out two handfuls of fish to him and Legolas took them, holding three in each hand and pressed against his chest. "Well then!" Legolas said merrily as the sun dipped below the treeline. "Let us return with our bounty to the others!" And he took off with a laugh up the rocky bank and rolling hill, and Aragorn started and followed after him, crying out too in joy of the chase, and for several long moments his heart on this dark journey felt lighter. He watched Legolas run into camp ahead of him and the hobbits' voices rose in an appreciative chorus when they saw the fish. Legolas dropped the fish on the ground and waved for Aragorn to hurry toward them with his own bounty. As Aragorn entered the camp he saw Legolas patting Pippin's head, and even Gimli's face had split into a grin. The fish was good that night, and the elf and dwarf did not quarrel afterward, but lay side by side on their backs watching the stars, lulled to sleep in the moment of calm and silence. As Aragorn sat up on watch and observed the pair lost to their own versions of dreams, Aragorn was thankful for the selection of their candid and fierce-yet tender and mirthful-elven companion. And though he had no way of truly knowing it, he knew in that moment that Legolas would bring relief and joy to all those in their Fellowship, even if Gimli was not yet ready to accept his gift. Thank you for reading. Please consider dropping a review on the way out!