you, but I am happy to do it." "You look exhausted." He told her frankly. "You are already feeding and lodging me, please allow me to make some small return." She made as if to argue, and then sank down into a chair, rubbing her eyes. "Thank you." They sat in silence for a while, before Halbarad struck up a conversation. "Deeta and Olo are very young to be working, surely?" he said, looking carefully at the washing. "And maybe you as well." He felt, rather than saw her nod and sigh. "I started working when I was 15." she said wearily. "That was 5 years ago, and even then I was not the youngest. Deeta has been working for near four years now, some of the girls down the lower end of the street are her age as well. We have no choice. What with the things that have been happening lately, there is no way we can travel, no way we can work ourselves out of here. Mrs Glyfoird sees to that." she added with bitterness. "What other options do we have?" Halbarad stayed quiet, having no answer to this, and Senna left her question unanswered. When he glanced at her a few minutes later, her head had slipped down to rest on her arms, and she was breathing quietly. He looked at her for a moment, red hair blazing in the sun, and realised she was dressed only in a nightgown and the thin overcoat sometimes worn with it. He shivered, wondering how she could stand the cold, and left the washing, scooping her gently up in his arms. It was shamefully easy, and he carried her up the stairs to the bedrooms. Hesitating, he made for the bedroom that he knew did not contain Deeta and Olo, and nudged the door open. The room was tiny, and mostly taken up by a wide bed, with a few bundles of girls clothing spread around the edges. Anya slept on one side of the bed, face dreamy and relaxed, so he placed Senna on the other and pulled some of the blankets gently over her. Returning downstairs, he sat dis-spiritedly at the table. Every moment he spent here, he grew both more attached to the girls and more repulsed by their lives. He was a regular visitor to Bree, and had always been well aware of its dark side, having heard the gossip and lewd suggestions in the taverns, but never had he realised the extent of the problem. Deeta was working at 10 ? And Olo could barely be older than her, a few years at most. Anya seemed to be, somehow, the most capable of this work. The times he had seen her last night, she had seemed to somehow detach herself, be a different person when she was with the men. Not like Senna. He could see in her eyes that this was burning her out, wearing down her soul – having to put prices on her friends, having to price even herself and looking after the household, working out what they could afford, with no rest at night and little at day. It hurt him to see such a beautiful girl, trodden down into the dirt because she could not afford to raise herself out of it. For she was beautiful, although by many men he knew she would be considered odd looking, with the red hair so rare in this part of the country – in most parts of Arda. But to him it shone like copper, fine and glistening, set beautifully by blue eyes, with a wash of green over them that hid to the world her tired core. "Brooding?" Olo had come down into the kitchen, and was scrutinising him through unreadable eyes. He grinned at her, moving his thoughts away from depressing topics and greeting her a good morning. He stayed there for exactly one week, enough time to extract the information from Butterbur that he needed, and by the time that week was over he knew that he needed to get back to Rivendale, to replenish his stores and report his findings to Elrond. He bid farewell to the girls with not a small misgiving about how they would look after themselves, and had to remind himself several times that they had managed for years on their own. They waved him off, Senna giving him a quick hug and pulling away, a blush on her cheeks. He had hoped he wasn't blushing as well, since it would have been rather undignified for a "mysterious" ranger. From the mischievous look Deeta gave him as she walked him to the edge of town, he rather thought he had been. They reached the edge of the town sooner than he would have hoped, and he turned to face Deeta with a smile. "Thank you." he said sincerely, sweeping her into a hug and immediately regretting the rash action. But Deeta hugged him back, and when they pulled apart, told him "If you're ever in town again, whether you have the funds or not, there will always be a room – well, a bed – at our home." He nodded, and they both looked at each other for a second before Deeta grinned and turned to walk away, calling over her shoulder "And I'll tell Senna you send your love!" About to protest, he smiled fondly at the thin retreating back, and turned himself to begin the long hike back to Rivendale. It would take him several days to reach the border and alert the elven guards, who could get him a horse. He chanced only one glance behind him, and smiled as the defiant young girl turned a corner, out of sight. - So I hope you like it! Literally, a one word review of "Continue" or a two word one of "Don't Continue" are great by me. If you're feeling particularly loquacious, then feel free to give me some con crit.