blue, the colors of the sea. His grey hair fell to his shoulders, and his beard was neatly trimmed. Khamûl the Easterling, the second Nazgûl, wore the jewel-colored silks of the East, his blue-black hair fell to his elbows, and his eyes were ringed in kohl. There were others whose names he didn't know, a barbarian from the North clad in furs and primitive jewelry, and a country squire, portly in rustic leathers and wools. A dog lay at his feet, thumping its tail on the floorboards. If Saruman could choose a Nazgûl of his own, it would be Khamûl. Good-natured, accommodating, not at all like Mairon's favorite, the Witch King, who had a fiery temper and a mind of his own. Mairon must have noticed him staring. "Angmar is my second-in-command, and my most trusted lieutenant. He's like a brother to me." "You mean you mock him on occasion, and ignore him the rest of the time?" said Saruman. Before he could answer, a servant came in with a plate in each hand. He set the first one in front of Mairon, who picked up a knife and began to eat. He served the Witch King next. Saruman and Wormtongue were served last. Saruman was a Maia, one of the Holy Ones. He thought he should have been served immediately after Mairon. Saruman clenched his teeth. During the meal, the war was all they talked about. Saruman had fielded an army. He knew about logistics and supply lines, but the scale of Sauron's campaign was so huge, Saruman couldn't grasp it. His attention wandered. There was a break in the war discussions, and Mairon seemed to remember Saruman's existence. "So, what you think of my Tower?" Mairon tipped back his chair like someone waiting to receive praise. This was the first time Mairon had initiated a conversation with him since he's arrived, and it involved Mairon fishing for compliments. Typical. Saruman didn't want to talk about the magnificence of the Dark Tower, he wanted to talk about how unhappy he was about losing Isengard. "Well, it's really big, but it looks like it was slapped together as quickly as possible." The front legs of the chair hit the floorboards. "Excuse me?" "It's not even finished. There's no paneling or ornamental ironwork, the plaster hasn't been finished, and the staircases appear to be made from scrap lumber." Mairon's mouth hardened into a thin line. He sniffed and turned away. "Well, you asked," said Saruman. The evening wore on. Mairon was still finalizing the preparations for war with his lieutenants. He moved tokens around on the map, going on and on about battalions and tactics. He worried about the expense of the war, which was staggering. Saruman wished they would talk about something else. He motioned for a servant to fill his wine cup. It had already been refilled several times, and he was beginning to feel it. "I rode by Orodruin on the way in. Did you make the volcano erupt?" he asked. Mairon nodded, and held himself a little straighter. "I'm the one who brings it to life, and it goes dormant when I'm not around." "And that's where the Ring was forged?" Saruman said. "I'd originally planned to use dragon's fire, but any dragons that survived the First Age were scattered and in hiding. Luckily, the temperatures inside the volcano are just as hot." "You do realize basalt melts at a lower temperature[2] than iron?" "Meaning what?" "The cast iron an ordinary blacksmith pours into a mold is hotter than lava. Any village smithy could have produced fires hot enough for your purposes." Mairon's eyes widened. "You're an Earth spirit. You should've known that." Apparently he hadn't. Moron. "I've been studying Ringlore for some time. This is my first essay in the craft." He held up his hand to show it off, proud of his work. Mairon snorted. "Do you want to know what I've learned?" asked Saruman. "No, but I'm sure you're going to tell me anyway." "Well, it's easy enough to assemble a Great Ring from parts, but ideally, you want to merge those parts into a single, unified whole. It took me forever to figure out how to do it. Even now, although I understand it in theory, I'm still working out the details." The color drained from Mairon's face. "What? … but it's not…" He recovered quickly. "That's a difficult problem. Just for my own satisfaction, tell me what you believe the answer is." A grin spread across Saruman's face. Mairon didn't know how to merge the separate parts. It explained why he'd had to put so much of his own power into the Ring. "You never did figure it out, did you?" Saruman leaned back in his chair, gloating. Mairon leaned back in his chair with his arms crossed. His mouth was a tight line. "You talk about making rings, but I actually did it." "I never understood why. I mean, you put the greater part of your own power into an object outside yourself, which you then lost. Nice one, genius." There was a crash as something hit the table. The Witch King sat frozen with his arm raised, his fingers wrapped around the stem of a goblet that was no longer there. A puddle of wine spread across the surface of the table and drained into his lap, unnoticed. Mairon sat rigid in his chair, staring straight ahead. He was breathing hard, his breath whistling through his nose. "Get out," he said. -o-o-o-o-o- Saruman was shoved through the sally port with such force that he fell and scraped his knees. Wormtongue was ejected behind him, followed by most of their belongings, although Mairon kept the horses. Saruman got to his feet. "We've got a long walk in front of us, Worm, especially since I don't know where we're going." [1] with apologies to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. [2] Basalt melts at 1000 to 1260 C, Iron melts at 1538 C