up onto the rocks, but experienced mariners would know not to approach until daylight. Er-Mûrazôr looked from one face to another. "Did anyone rescue the tinderbox?" The men looked at each other. In the dark, with the waves threatening to drag them over rocks as sharp as knives, while thinking of more important things, like rescuing the drinking water. "It must have been lost with the ship." Once, Er-Mûrazôr had seen one of the court astrologers light a candle with his will alone. It took a long time, and seemed to take a lot of effort, but finally there was a curl of smoke, and a yellow flame leapt up from the wick. Er-Mûrazôr had assumed it was a street conjurer's trick, something with flammable oils and a rough surface to his fingertips, but the man didn't seem the type. He was a serious scholar, and not one to draw attention to himself. "How did you do that"? the young prince had asked him. "Keep your mind still, and focus the whole of your attention upon the wick. Be patient, and expect to have to work at it." Er-Mûrazôr had tried a couple of times. He'd stared for what seemed like long minutes, and had punched the wall when nothing happened. But once, just once, he managed to produce the smallest wisp of smoke. When he touched the wick, it was warm. Er-Mûrazôr knelt beside the makeshift fire circle. "Let me try." The sailors had arranged a bundle of driftwood twigs into a miniature tent, and put shaved curls of wood under it. Er-Mûrazôr knelt in the wet sand by the edge of the fire ring and sat back on his heels. He rested his hands on his thighs, to the extent the sling would allow it. His left wrist was twice the size it should be, the wrist bone and tendons had disappeared under puffy flesh. "Give me some room." The sailors withdrew by two or three paces, but he still felt crowded. Maybe the secret to magic is getting past the fear of looking stupid. Er-Mûrazôr focused on the shavings. He drew a breath, held it, let it go. The stones on the shingle beach clattered as the waves lifted them and then drained back. His wrist hurt. He ignored it. The ankle he was sitting on started to go numb, and he shifted his weight. Focus. He closed his eyes. Breath in, breath out. The swell of the ocean all around him was like a living thing. The power of it seemed to fill him. Breath in, breathe out. Send with it all the power from the surf, from the ocean, the storm. It took what seemed like hours, but finally, a curl of smoke rose from the shaving. A spark glowed orange, and the tangle of shavings burst into flame, which ignited the tip of a driftwood twig. Soon the whole structure was burning, the wet wood popping in the heat. Er-Mûrazôr hung his head, exhausted. "How did you do that?" The sailor's voice was awe-stricken. "He's a sorcerer, that's how. Don't ask stupid questions," said his shipmate. Er-Mûrazôr was as amazed as the sailors. Was he a sorcerer? Or, as the court astrologer had said, did you just need to be patient and work extremely hard? The men fed timbers from the ship into the blaze. Someone slapped him on the back. The flame shot up four or five feet high, burning hotter than a natural fire, the soaked wood popping and hissing with steam. Er-Mûrazôr unfolded himself from the sand and brushed off his knees. "Get some rope and an oar." They wrapped the rope around the blade of the oar and wedged it between two rocks, a fiery beacon high in the air. It was impossible to tell if anyone was out there, all they could do was wait. All night they fed the fire, keeping it alive in the drizzle and damp. Even standing on his feet, Er-Mûrazôr's head kept falling forward and snapping him awake. The day dawned under a cloudless sky with glassy calm seas. What was left of the ship were strewn up and down the shore. Debris floated on the water. "Captain! There's a ship on the horizon. We need to fashion a smoke signal, right quick." There were no plants on the rock, and everything from the ship: timber, fabric, or rope, was soaking wet. "Bring some more tarred rope," Er-Mûrazôr told the nearest sailor. A sailor came back with a coil of rope over one shoulder and dumped it into the fire. Resinous smoke billowed from the twisted hemp, forcing Er-Mûrazôr back, his eyes burning. An oily black column rose hundreds of feet in the air, as thick as the trunk of a tree. On the horizon, the ship tacked, and tacked again, the white triangle of sail growing larger as it drew near. A pennant floated from the top of the mainmast, unreadable against the sun. The rock on which they were marooned was to the west of Númenor, far from the normal trading routes. Reputable vessels didn't come this way. "Captain, what if they're pirates?" The young sailor's face turned pale. Er-Mûrazôr kept his face still. Worse than that, what if they're slavers? He lifted the sling over his head and let it drop to the ground. The newcomers needn't know he was injured. He stepped to the edge of the surf, motioning his men to stay back. His good hand tightened around the hilt of his dagger. The vessel completed another tack, bringing it closer. Its lines were slender and graceful. Men had no trading routes west of Númenor, but the Teleri, famous mariners who sailed between the mainland and Tol Eressëa, passed this way all the time. Er-Mûrazôr chewed his lip, waiting. The breeze freshened and lifted the pennant, revealing a blue background arrayed with a host of stars. Er-Mûrazôr's knees almost buckled with relief. "Captain, it's an Elvish ship," said Tolan.