respect for elves in general and a working knowledge of this particular elf's prowess in battle kept the hobbit from exploding into hysterics. Had the elf in question not been avoiding the stares of both father and daughter, he might have turned a pointed look on Elanor at the word "prince." As it was, however, he was paralyzed with embarrassment, and his royal title --although perhaps finally proving to the younger of the two hobbits that he was indeed what he claimed to be-- could not save him. While it offered him due credit for his honesty, it was doing nothing to remedy the situation. Apparently not mollified in the least bit, Elanor insisted brightly, "I only wished to braid it! He has such pretty hair, Papa!" A strangled sound that hovered somewhere between a cough and a chuckle escaped her father's lips, and he cleared his throat. "Indeed." Elanor squirmed a bit, veritably hopped out of Sam's secure embrace, and then rushed to stand beside Legolas, whose high cheekbones and pointed ears were now turning a very interesting shade of red. "He looks more like a prince now," she announced matter-of-factly, apparently unaware of the fact that the pretty-haired elf was praying for the ground to open up and swallow him whole. "Prin cess is more like it," her father muttered, catching the elf's glare and wincing slightly. Legolas frowned at him. He could easily forgive Elanor her ignorance, but Sam of all people should know better than to try to pitch his voice at a lower level in hopes that an elf would be unable to hear it. "Little sun-star, you are fortunate indeed that you are so endearing," Legolas declared as he ruffled the young hobbit-lass's golden curls, "and that I am so enamored with you that I could not hold a grudge against you if I wished to." In reply, Elanor simply offered a radiant smile to the prince, knowing full well that it never failed to justify his unwavering adoration for her. Indeed, this time it was as well an effort that was not wasted, and the elf's face lit with a wonderful smile of his own. "Truly you have no shame," he laughed, "tugging on my heart-strings so!" Legolas was just beginning to find himself capable of ignoring Sam's obvious amusement at his predicament when the sound of bickering reached his keen ears, and his expression twisted in a grimace. His mind clouded with confusion. What are they doing here? Only two hobbits he knew so enjoyed a hearty battle of wits. Sure enough, Merry and Pippin entered the room, still arguing, but upon feeling the almost palpable tension that hung heavy in the air, their banter met with a quick death. They each looked about, puzzled. Merry was the first to lock eyes on the elf, who was standing far from the group and appearing ready to die of shame. "Ah! Hello--" He stopped mid-sentence, blinking in surprise. "...Legolas," Pippin finished helpfully after the silence had stretched into minutes, earning a sharp jab in the ribs from his cousin. "Meriadoc, Peregrin," Legolas greeted them each slowly, a touch of sarcasm in his tone even as he decorously inclined his head. His pride shriveled as the thick braid swung merrily about his face, eliciting a snort of laughter that Sam --ever the diplomat-- tried to disguise as a sneeze. The addressed hobbits looked at each other in utter bewilderment. Merry opened his mouth as if to voice one or two of what surely was over a million questions running through his mind, but no sound came out. Pippin, for his part, was just gaping at the renowned elf with unbridled shock. Had he not been silently withering of embarrassment, Legolas might have been greatly inspired to mark this occasion as the very first time he had ever known Merry and Pippin to both be at a complete loss for words. The elf forced a strained smile to his lips as he clarified the details of his dilemma to the two newest members of his rapidly growing audience, "The darling daughter of your friend Master Gamgee saw fit to...re-style my hair. She decided my warrior-plaits were not fit for a prince." A lull fell over the group huddled in the nursery, and Legolas finally decided that the worst of it might have passed. But again, he was wrong. Incredibly. "Sam?" Frodo's soft voice shattered the silence that had fallen over the hobbit-dwelling. "Is Legolas with you?" Oh, for the love of all that is good and pure in Arda! Legolas cursed his foul luck mentally. Now where are Aragorn and Mithrandir? They ought to be here to complete my assemblage. "I...think so..." Sam replied haltingly. Confused, Frodo opened the door, peering in curiously as Legolas rolled his eyes skyward, half out of frustration and half out of a plea to the Valar to help him realize what he had done to warrant this vexing predicament. "You think so?" Frodo came to a stop beside his cousins, and his eyebrows nearly touched his hairline as they shot up in surprise. "Legolas? What--" He trailed off, forcing his eyes from the braid-adorned prince lest he somehow become even more perplexed. Seeking an account as to why the aloof Prince of the Greenwood was sporting such an effeminate coiffure, he let his wide blue eyes travel over each of the other occupants of the room. He looked first to Sam, who shrugged as if to say he did not have the slightest idea how to explain the situation, then to Merry and Pippin, who still looked as if they did not quite understand how this all had come to be, and finally to Elanor, who was not confused in the least and rather appeared extremely proud of her elaborate braid-work. Then, to Legolas's eternal mortification, the former Ringbearer did something he had not done in months and months. He threw his head back and began to laugh uproariously.