you see us off?" Arwen shook her head "I could not bear to watch you both go" she said softly and Valerie nodded in understanding "Then this is goodbye. Until we meet again" "Amin sinta thaliolle e dagor (I know your strength in battle) you will survive if I but have faith" Arwen said determinedly and Valerie gave her a smile "Never lose that faith" She said firmly "Never" Then she turned and walked from the room. Striding to the place they were to meet Valerie was followed by whispers and stares but she ignored them. She had been here enough times one would think that the Rivendell elves would be used to her by now, but no, they insisted on staring as though she had some abnormal growth. 'They stare anymore and I will give them an abnormal growth to gawk at' she thought grumpily as she reached the courtyard and found all her companions save for Frodo. Her horse was also there along with the others and it let out a cry when it saw her, trotting over to sniff at her pockets. "Cormamin lindua ele lle (my heart sings to see you) Ithil (moon)" She crooned to her pure white steed who 'whiffed' at her happily when she found the apple Valerie had taken from the kitchen. Valerie gave it to her with a smile and soft words in elvish crooned into the horses ear. "It is a beautiful steed My Lady" Aragorn said from behind her and she turned to look at him. "Indeed she is" She agreed, then smiled at him "Nai saian luume' Estel (it has been too long hope)" she said and Aragorn smiled in return "Sut naa lle valera (how are you?)" Valerie gave her strange shoulder motion that Aragorn had long ago become used to. "I am well, yourself?" Aragorn's smile got wider "the same" they were silent for a few seconds before Aragorn let out a laugh and stepped forward to embrace the female with whom he had faced many adventures of his childhood with. The female returned gladly "I had feared you had lost your humor, out with all of those grim rangers" she joked and Aragorn laughed again. "Iire lye auta? (When do we leave?)" Valerie asked. "We await the Ring bearer" Gandalf said, striding over to join them and Valerie sobered at the reminder of their quest "Are you certain he can do this Mithrandir?" she asked softly and the wizard smiled softly at her "As long as we have faith in him" he replied and Valerie let out a sigh. "Amin dele ten ho(I am worried about him)" she admitted softly "The 'Ksher(evil one) will be ever watchful for the Ring" "That is why he is going to need you Mellonamin (my friend) to protect him" "You will won't you?" A worried voice asked from behind them and Valerie turned to see the small Ringbearer who looked up at her with slightly scared eyes. Kneeling she placed her hands on his shoulders and looked him in the eyes "Amin khiluva lle a' gurtha ar' thar Mellonamin (I will follow you to death and beyond my friend)" she said seriously and Frodo smiled in relief, understanding not the words themselves but rather the firm message behind them while Aragorn and Legolas glanced at her slightly surprised that she would make so serious of an oath while Gandalf smiled down at them both proudly. "Now we may go" He announced suddenly and Valerie quickly got to her feet, giving Frodo a smile as she did. The hobbit smiled back then walked over to where Sam and the other hobbits were standing, Valerie smiled at Aragorn and Gandalf then turned toward Ithil to whisper in her ear. "I cannot bring you on this journey my friend" she said softly and seemed to listen as the animal whickered quietly then answered "It is not that I doubt you but we must travel on foot. We are only bringing the pack-horse to carry supplies and you are no pack-horse my friend" the horse whinnied louder and Valerie chuckled softly. "Of course Ithil of that I have never doubted" she whispered then continued to speak with the horse as Aragorn and Legolas looked on in bemusement. "What is she doing?" Boromir asked Gandalf as he walked over and the Istari glanced at him before turning back toward Valerie. "Why she is talking to her horse can't you tell?" he asked innocently as Aragorn and Legolas walked quickly over to join their conversation. "I can see that but why. Is she delusional?" Boromir asked almost hopefully and Gandalf shot him a scornful look "of course not. One of Valerie's many talents is the ability to communicate with animals" "Don't give away all of my secrets Mithrandir" Valerie warned sharply as she led her horse to one of the stable hands. Gandalf let out a chuckle "She also has exceptional hearing" He said, then walked over to join the hobbits and now Gimli with Aragorn and Boromir trailing behind while Legolas stayed to wait for Valerie. When she came back they walked toward the others and stood as a group while Lord Elrond stood with Elrohir and Elladan, the latter shooting the former an irritated look, to remind them of the gravity of their quest, then wished each one of them luck. When he stopped in front of Valerie he smiled "Jeg onsker deg lykke til min venn kan ditt urolige hjertet fa fred (I wish you the best of luck my friend. May your heart find peace)" he said and the others (save Gandalf) frowned in confusion. Valerie simply bowed and replied "Takk min venn fa fred(thank you my friend)" As the fellowship left Valerie looked over her shoulder in time to see Arwen looking out from her balcony, raising a hand in farewell. Valerie nodded in return, knowing her friend could see her, then looked forward and prepared for the journey ahead.