don't know what they wanted with you." "If you didn't send them, why didn't you try to help me.?" "It is not our way to deal with your kind, besides; it didn't look as if you needed help." "So you were just going to leave me out here so they could drag me behind their horses until I was dead?" "If they would have gotten out of hand we would have intervened." "Fine, what are you going to do now?" "Well, so far you have trespassed into my people's land, insulted us with your attitude and attempted to kill the March Warden of Lorien. We have executed men for less." "So, why don't you let your blade fall so we can get this over with?" "Oh no, you are different, I will not let you go that easily. You see this?" Haldir asked motioning towards the cut on his neck, "You will pay for that." "You really think a lot of yourself don't you? In fact I have never met someone so arrogant. But I do bet that your men are watching you right now, they must think it's humorous to see their captain straddling a human. How embarrassing for you." "Good try, Riah. But I will not let me guard down as easily as you did. That must have been something incredibly enthralling that you lost yourself in. I thought I could expect something more from someone with such courage." Haldir's face was only inches away from Riah's; she could feel his breathe on her cheek. Riah could no longer guess what Haldir would do, it didn't seem that he wanted to kill her only make her angry. There was something familiar about Haldir that Riah couldn't grasp. Riah couldn't let her thoughts preoccupy her now, what she had to think about was the very sharp dagger that was being held to her throat. She would have to do something that Haldir would never expect. "So you value courage? It is a respectable trait that many do not have." "What is your point?" Haldir asked tightening his grip on Riah's shoulder. With lightening reflexes Riah pulled Haldir down to her and kissed him fiercely. This Haldir definitely did not expect and Riah was able to scramble to her feet and retrieve her swords. Haldir stood up, fury showing clearly on his face. "That was not so wise, little one." "Little one?" Riah said as she spun her swords in her hands. Without another word she charged him but was knocked back onto the ground by Haldir's powerful arm. "Enough!" Haldir yelled. "I will not fight with you any longer, this is nonsense!" Riah looked up at him as his voice rose in anger. She had gone too far and she could think of no way to fix the damage she had done. "You will no longer need these." Haldir said as he reached down and tore Riah's swords from her hands. "Stand up." Riah did as he said in a daze. Something had happened when he had taken her swords, Haldir had touched her hands and she had felt something inside. She cold not put it into exact words because she had never felt it before, it was as if something turned on inside her and she was suddenly aware of everything about herself, immediately she felt self conscious and realized that Haldir was looking intently upon her. She had acted like such a fool; he did not want to harm her. She didn't know exactly what he wanted yet but she was sure it didn't involve violence Snapping back to reality Riah felt a hand on her arm. Without thinking she flinched from the warm touch. "The man's blade cut you deep, and you have lost much blood. I can heal it for you if you wish." Haldir said uninterestedly. "Umm, okay." Riah said hesitantly. Haldir laid his hand over Riah's wound and before she could blink the pain ceased and Haldir stepped back. Astonished Riah looked down at her arm, "Thank you, that was amazing." "You are welcome." Haldir said trying to hide a smirk. "I am sorry if I have caused trouble to you and your men. I did not mean any disrespect." Riah said awkwardly, she had never had many reasons to apologize to people in her life and she really didn't know how to go about it. "Yes, well I believe this is yours." Haldir said completely ignoring her words as he picked up her journal from the ground where she had dropped it earlier. Haldir froze as he read the front of the book. 'It cannot be' he thought. "Oh thank you." Riah said as she took the book from his hands. "I guess that I will be going then." Riah said as she tucked the journal into the folds of her jacket. "Oh I don't think so, Riah." Haldir said in a rather arrogant tone. "You have broken many of our laws, you will come into the city with us and the Lady will choose your fate. And don't forget my promise to you, you will pay for this." He said showing the now healed cut on his neck. "What do you mean?" Riah asked in confusion. "Come, come Riah I know very well that you are not completely inept, you have to be punished for what you have done." Haldir said as he motioned for his men, within a flash they were surrounding Riah. Riah knew it would be useless to fight against them so she allowed them to bind her hands behind her back and then begin to lead her towards the forest. She couldn't believe all of this was happening; it was like walking through a dream. It was all so strange and frightening, but then on the other hand it was so familiar. Something deep inside Riah told her that this was right but her mind told her that she was somewhere that she wasn't supposed to be.