those years, then it was that he managed to keep Gondor free. No Easterling stepped on her grounds again, even if their armies fought far beyond the Sea of Rhûn. When they reached the Great Inland Sea and marched on the Eastern Capital, Boromir found himself faced with the amassed Armies Eternal and, for the first time in his life, with a trap meant only for himself. He had guessed that Shantar's son Shangraile only wanted to avenge his father; he had lost his father and grandfather to Boromir's blade after all, and might hold a grudge. He was all that Boromir had known in Shakurán: strong, agile and absolutely lethal. Within the first bout Boromir knew that his opponent had been strengthened with Shadow and within the next few exchanges he learned that he was faced with death. The battle had drawn past them. It was only them and the bodies of the fallen on that snowy plain by the Great Inland Sea. Boromir might still have won – he had faced many a man half his age and come out on top – but he underestimated Shangraile's courage, his will to die. The final attack he brought down on him, Shangraile did not evade or even try to parry. Instead he sunk his blade deeply into Boromir's chest. Both fighters fell, landing on the frozen grounds, the hot blood flooding from his chest feeling almost scalding to Boromir. His eyes fell on the younger man who had defeated him. Shangraile's face was pale, the strengthening he had received evaporated. "Why?" Boromir hardly heard his own voice, like death had already taken the words away. Still, Shangraile heard him. "Had to be that way," he coughed, pain wrecking through his body. "We have the best strategist of the day on our side. Take you out and your King will not be able to hold the field." It had been a trap for him, with one man to take him down and in his heart Boromir held no grudge against the younger warrior. He had fought well, bravely. The cold came, like the heavy snowflakes falling down on them. Was the night already coming? Boromir saw Shangraile shiver, pain evident in his eyes, though he was good at keeping it inside. "You had to play the hero, hadn't you?" The question was half asked to Shakurán, long dead and gone. "Not a hero…" Shangraile pushed the words out. "Unless you die." His voice cracked at the last bit, the pain becoming too strong for him. Gently Boromir reached over to the dying young Easterling, pushing a few blood-soaked streaks of hair away from his face. "It will all be over soon." The cold spread over them like a blanket and the darkness crept from the river, wide and endless as the skies, claiming them both. The bodies were found in the first light of dawn, and Aragorn could scarcely believe it. Boromir… He had always been so strong, almost indestructible, and now he lay dead in the snows. His hand was still resting on the shoulder of the man who had killed him, almost like they had embraced in death. Or had Boromir been comforting his killer during his last moments? It would oddly fit him; he had always treated other soldiers, his own or the enemy, with the respect he felt they deserved. The grave was on a steep hill above the road towards the Great Inland Sea, but it tore Aragorn's heart knowing that Boromir would rest in foreign lands, far from the White City, but aside of the impossibility of sending the body home for burial, he knew that Boromir would prefer to share his rest with his soldiers, with those he had led into this battle and would want no treatment different from them. Erecting the tomb had been almost impossible in the icy cold of the new year, that began with storms and snow. The armies had been assembled when Boromir had been laid to rest, and now they had dispersed. Aragorn stood alone on the hill by the simple grave and he wished he had the chance to talk to Boromir again. Steps approached and he looked up. No one else had come here aside of the soldiers and Aragorn half expected to see Anarion; he had been the closest thing to a friend that Boromir had. But it was a stranger who approached, short and very thin, wrapped in a grey cloak, face half hidden behind a scarf, the rest obscured by long dark hair, torn by the wind. He stood in silence before the grave and then put a simple carved stone on it, before he turned around and walked away. Who he had been Aragorn did not know, and what he had been to Boromir he could only guess. A slave freed on one of the many campaigns? A comrade from long ago? A friend even… Whatever it had been, the Captain of Gondor had taken that secret to the grave. And deep down Aragorn felt that it should have been all different. He thought of Faramir, sleeping in his lonely grave in Amon Hen, dying on Aragorn's blade, wounded in body and soul. And he wished it had been Boromir who had come to Rivendell all those long years ago, that he had Boromir by his side during the quest… But wishes were no horses, and all that remained for Aragorn was to wish Boromir a speedy journey into the land where pain and darkness were but a memory, as he stood alone before the grave and around him fell another icy night over the plains of East. Author's Note This chapter comes with thanks to the wonderful LadyDunla who took up correcting it the moment she was back and who is still patient with my odd spelling. At the moment I am struggling with a major writer's block and this was the only tale taking root in my mind.