his soul was sworn to the war eternal. But beneath all that there was more. "Shakurán," he said calmly, reaching for his shoulder. "No jokes this time, no barbs about fighting an eternal war, or wanting another battle with me – I want to know why. Why are you trying so hard to show me something that my people forgot before they even sailed from these accursed shores?" Shakurán looked up to him and in this moment the stern mask of the warrior and legion commander melted away, making room for a more thoughtful face. "Because you are exhausted, my friend. You try to fight and go on your own strength alone, yet your soul is burning out. You are tired, desperate, because you have no one to turn to, nothing beyond yourself… and we all belong to something greater than that, we all have a destination beyond this world, from whence our true strength originates. Deny it and you deny yourself. But it was stolen from you – taken by kings who hoarded a knowledge they should have shared freely with their people. I cannot imagine what it must mean to live deprived of the spirit, how alone you must be in your heart. And maybe for once I wanted to truly aid you." His explanation left Boromir at a loss for words, he could feel the honesty in them, Shakurán believed in what had said… and in his own strange way was trying to help him, even though Boromir could not fathom why. When he wanted to speak, the vision before his eyes blurred, Shakurán's face swimming, everything melding into a light that held no dimensions. And then suddenly imagines flooded Boromir's mind. They were not coherent, nor had they any true connection. He saw the valley of a dying river; a dry land under the harsh glare of the summer sun; a fragile, tired looking woman whispering stories to a small boy, stories that were secret, not to be told to others. The boy grew and his mother vanished; he grew further and became a warrior, her words half forgotten but never quite pushed from his mind. And suddenly Boromir saw Shakurán again as he was now, and he knew he had understood something about the Easterling, something he could not yet put into words – he was not even sure if it made sense. Rubbing his hand over his eyes, he tried to focus. "Even… even if I could remember all that is here… it would take me too long to translate it all," he said, trying to not show what just had happened. Shakurán tilted his head ever so slightly. "Then I'll help you – we are taught your ancient tongue in the Empire, you know." Four days later, Boromir stood at the rim of a huge cave mouth that opened from the underground harbor to the slow curves of a teal gulf. The waters licked against the stones that framed the shores, gently skipping a large glass boat that shook softly on the waves, like it was waiting for them. The catamaran was not only of unusual form but also the glass bow reflected the light on the water, making the boat appear brighter than it already was. Shakurán came down the last stairs that led from the cave up to the underground halls proper and stepped outside with him. "And there we are, the end of the journey," he said. "The boat can carry us home," Boromir said hopefully. While he felt he could not share what he had experienced in the hall under the city, he felt lighter for it. "It can carry you," Shakurán replied, raising his arm to the East. When Boromir followed the gesture with his eyes, he saw the angry waves and one dark ship fighting its way across the stormy main. "I have my own way home. I had hoped Voidstar would make it across in spite of the barrier of storms." Boromir looked at him. Shakurán's mien was the usual stern face he presented to the world, but he knew that there was a much deeper person underneath. "Do you have to go?" he asked. "The boat could carry us back to Gondor. I… I wish I had the words to show you that the path you chose is wrong, more wrong than you can imagine. Do not condemn your soul to the void needlessly." Shakurán bowed his head, looking down. "I have a brother and a family in the Empire, Boromir," he said softly. "Joining you would put hardships on them, and mean I'd have to fight them one day. I can't do that; you could not fight your brother either." He looked up, the calm Easterling captain back in place. "See that you go swiftly. I will tell them that I was alone on the island, but a veiled sorcerer might spot you anyway. So do not tarry." Boromir nodded, seeing that there was no other way – when they met again they'd still be foes, they'd still fight a lethal war, and they'd still be something like friends. "Fare well, Eru with you, Shakurán of the sleeping river." He did not smile when he saw the startled face; he only had learned Shakurán's true name in the white hall. "Eru with you too, Boromir of Gondor." Shakurán turned around and swiftly climbed the hillside to reach the high cliff on the other side of the small sound. Entering the boat, Boromir found it had neither oars nor sail, but the moment he entered it, the vessel pushed off the shore and carried him away from the shores of Númenor. It moved safely and swiftly through the restless waves, carrying him speedily away from what remained of Númenor. When Boromir turned around, he saw the broken island surrounded by crashing waters and on the tip of the landside stood a tall Easterling, one arm outstretched, sword raised to the skies, embraced by the storm.