a split second longer on JC. It didn't go unnoticed. "JC, truth or dare?" "Truth." "Who do you like?" "I plead the fifth." "JC, if you don't answer, I'll chose something for you to do." "Fine, Justin. What are you going to have me do?" "Kiss Kim." She averted her glance from JC as Justin made his little idea well known. Her face glowed scarlet red from embarrassment. "Justin?" "Yes?" "Why would you want him to kiss me, of all people?" "Because kissing Joey would be too gross." Everyone cracked up laughing. "Well?" Lance pushed. "Are you gonna kiss her or chicken out?" "Wouldn't that be your first kiss Jace?" "No, I had that a long time ago." JC's sapphire eyes met Kim's cadet blue eyes as he spoke. She blushed redder, if that was even possible and looked away. "KISS HER ALREADY!" JC slowly leaned in toward her face. Their eyes closed as their lips gently met. Soon his tongue slid gracefully into her mouth, exploring its crevices and corners. Her tongue met his and they tangoed in the uncharted territory, claiming each other's mouths as their own. Her arms slid around his neck, pulling him closer to her. He leaned forward toward her to be closer to her. They both slowly lowered to the floor so he was on top of her. Catcalls and whistles reached their ears as they broke out of the world that they entered as they kissed. JC slowly pulled his lips away from hers, fighting the temptation to kiss them again. She still had her arms around his neck. He leaned down toward her ear and whispered, "Now you definitely can't say that you haven't been kissed." She blushed again as he rose and sat down in his seat again. She could feel his eyes overpowering her as she stared at the floor. "JC, it's your turn," she quietly whispered. "Justin, truth or dare?" "Dare." "Moon the next car the comes down the street." "OK." Justin watched the window and pulled the back of his pants down to moon the passing car. Everyone rolled around on the floor laughing hysterically. "Lance, truth or dare?" "I feel daring. Dare." "Sing I'm A Slave for You and belly dance." "The whole song?" "No, just the one part in the video where she does it." He sang the one part in his bass voice and tried to belly dance, which looked like he was just sticking his butt out in the air and shaking it. Everyone proceeded to laugh until they had tears in their eyes. "Kim, truth or dare?" She pondered her answer before speaking. "Truth." "Who do you like?" "First, what would I have to do if I didn't answer?" "Umm, dance to Bootylicious and do some of the ass-shaking moves." "I'll take the dance." "No, answer the question first," JC burst out. She glanced nervously at the floor. "You," she whispered. JC's eyes grew wide with shock. "Since when?" "Eighth grade," she answered in the same whisper. She hid her head from the guys in shame. "Well, even though you didn't say who you liked, just dance and we'll let ya off the hook." She looked at them with a look of shock written across her face. She quickly covered it up. "Sure." She sang beautifully in key and performed some of the exact moves from the video. Her body flowed with the rhythm like liquid silk. JC's eyes were riveted to her every move as she danced. She finished with a flawless turn. "How's that?" Beads of sweat trickled down her forehead as she sat down to catch her breath. "Wow, you really have changed since we last talked to you. You would give Britney a major run for her money!" She looked at the floor again and blushed. "I'm not that good." "Yeah you are!" "Anyway, Chris, truth or dare?" "Truth." "The night of the seventh grade dance when you and your date went missing, where were you?" "Umm, we were making out." Everyone shouted in disgust. "What?" "Guys, I have a surprise for you." "What's that Kim?" "First, JC, do you have five dark bandanas that I could use?" "Sure." He handed her five matching midnight blue bandanas. "Follow me." They followed her for a good two miles on the old roads when she suddenly stop. "Close your eyes." She wrapped the bandana as a blindfold around each of their eyes and guided their hands together. JC rested his hand on her shoulder. She shivered under his firm touch. "Don't let go guys or you'll fall." She led them over rocks and fields until they were next to a stream. She stopped and unblindfolded them. "You have to catch me to get to the actual surprise!" She sprinted off toward an open field. JC and the others followed her in hot pursuit. She climbed swiftly into one lone willow tree that had remnants of boards scattered around it. A recently re-stained platform was resurrected in its branches. "Surprise!" "You built this on your own?" "Yeah, just in case you guys ever came back. How do you like it?" "Like it? We love it!" They swung up into the branches and sat down on the platform. "How long did it take to build?" "It took all of my eighth grade summer after all of you guys left. I came here after work and worked on it for hours, planning it and then building and staining. I re-stained it last summer." "Hey guys, what's that ball of light heading toward Kim?" "I don't know Lance." Kim stared at the ball with a dreamy expression on her face. She reached out to touch the ball as if she were in a trance and vanished into thin air. "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?" "We better go after her." They all reached in and touched the glowing ball of white substance. They felt as though they were falling through the sky and everything went black.