know what alterations Zeus made to the curse; others would soon voice their complaints about their absence. That Fates had also warned him that once they were gone, their threads would vanish from their tapestry and not even the Fates would know what would lie in store for the two. But the deed had been done. He must now deal with the consequences. He stopped his pacing as a disheveled Aphrodite appeared in his throne room. "Daddy! We have to talk." The goddess had been crying for quite some time. Zeus remained silent, but he had an idea of why she was here. "This is completely unacceptable and unfair!" She stalked up to Zeus, who stood silent. "You knew! You knew that this would take up almost every ounce of power we had! You knew we wouldn't be able to do that again! How was what we did supposed to help Herc and Iolaus! All we did was sentence them to a lifetime in a foreign world! How is that helping them! How are we supposed to help them! How are we supposed to bring them back?" When Zeus remained silent, Aphrodite's eyes filled with water and her voice dropped to a whisper. "We can't get them back, can we? How could you do that? How could you sentence your son and a mortal who you claimed to love just the same to a destiny not even the Fates can foresee? How could-" "Aphrodite, be silent." Zeus' voice remained low and steady, but Aphrodite could sense the undercurrent of power and authority. She was immediately silent. "This will not be discussed further. We did what had to be done. There will be no further discussion. Now leave." Zeus' tone left no room for argument. Fresh tears were cascading down Aphrodite's cheeks as she left. Zeus took a deep breath, then teleported from Olympus and down to Earth. He stood in the middle of Alcmene's beautiful garden. Zeus smiled. Alcmene's work could rival even the gods when it came to her garden. His smile disappeared as his gaze turned to the house. This was no pleasurable visit. He drew himself up, the image of the King of the Gods. He remained in the center of the garden as Jason ambled from the house, a basket in his arms. Jason stopped short at seeing Zeus in the walkway. His eyes widened and he dropped the basket he was holding. He turned back to the house and shouted, "Alcmene! Zeus is here!" He turned back to the god, pale and breathing quickly. Alcmene ran from the house to stand by Jason. She clutched her husband in anticipation as Zeus approached the couple. Neither mortal was assured by the god's stoic expression. Alcmene took a deep breath. "Zeus, my sons? Hercules, Iolaus?" She stopped, her emotions starting to take a toll on her. Jason held his wife's hand and patted it comfortingly. "What she means is," he continued for her. "Are they alright? Are they coming back? What happened to them?" Zeus regarded the two mortals sadly before delivering the news. "No. They will not be coming back." Jason and Alcmene stood in mute shock, tears running freely down Alcmene's cheeks. Jason had paled considerably and was in no better condition than his wife. "What are talking about? Are they, are they…" Zeus shook his head. "No, to our knowledge they are very much alive. But they are no longer in this plain, nor are they in the alternate world." "Then where are my sons?!" Alcmene screeched. Jason held her back as she tried to leap for Zeus. "What's wrong with them? What aren't you telling us?" The woman cried as she began to break down. Zeus' eyes mirrored her sadness. "Dahak cursed them, using powers none of us could counter. The Fates informed me that there was a way to undo it, but it could not be done in this reality." As understanding began to dawn on the two mortals, Jason found that he was growing angry as he realized how this tragedy had befallen them. "Dahak was destroyed! We beat him! We saved Iolaus and we beat him! How could he have cursed them?" "Dahak is not from this reality. His powers and his origins go beyond even our understanding. Though he no longer holds sway in this realm he does hold some influence. It was through this influence and his weakened bond with Iolaus that he was able to curse them with madness. It would have consumed their minds entirely. The only way for them to combat it was for me to alter the curse, which only would have held if we sent them from this plain." Alcmene continued to sob, speechless at what Zeus was telling her. Her boys were gone? This could not be happening. Not after all of this. All of their fighting, all of their suffering, and Dahak had the last laugh. Zeus continued on. "The Fates informed me of how to alter the curse, and I have done so. It took the power of all the major gods and many minor ones to open the appropriate portal. With them gone from this plain, they are able to fight the curse. With time, they may find a way to break it and confront Dahak." Both mortals stood silent. Then Jason swallowed, asking the questions no one wanted to ask. "Where are they? When will they come back?" When Zeus remained silent, both mortals had their answer. Alcmene finally broke down, sobbing uncontrollably in Jason's arms. Her legs would no longer support her and she sagged, her husband supporting her. Jason too, was crying and holding on to his wife for all he was worth. Zeus had left the two to their mourning, tears cascading down from his own eyes. Please read and review! All comments and advice welcome! Flames will be fed to my pet wolf. Thanks! I'll try to upload other fic as soon as possible.