group continued to play his kazoo, not releasing that everyone else had stopped. "Bradley, Bradley!" the man yelled at the idiot in the back. "I said stop!" Bradley stopped playing his kazoo and hung his head in shame. "Now," the man said, turning around. "Who insulted my clothing?" Legolas promptly pointed to Gimli with a totally straight face. "I would cut off your head, dwarf, if it stood but a little higher from the ground," the man said. One of the riders' spears bumped him on the head. "Ow!" "Oops, sorry." "Apologize," the man said sternly to Gimli. Gimli looked down. "I'm sorry…" he mumbled reluctantly. "Good. Now, what business does a Man, two Elves, a dwarf, and a lady ," he stopped to wiggle his eyebrows at Nora, "have in the Ridimark?" "We're hunting Orcs. Have you seen any pass by? They're rather dirty and ugly, and they smell horrible. Do you think you've seen any?" Aragon asked cheerfully. "I know what Orcs look like, you moron! Why are you hunting them?" the man demanded, then cut Aragorn off as he began to speak. "Not from you, someone else tell me. I'm not sure I can stand much more of his idiocy." "But there were two hobbits, two wee hobbits! Did you see 'em?!" Gimli totally zoned out and just realized he had a line. But he spoke at the wrong part. "Who? What's a hobbit?" the man asked, a quizzical look on his face. "Slow down there Gimli, let's start over." Aragorn said. "Now, for introductions: I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and *cough* I'M GOING TO BE KING ONE DAY! *cough* oh, *cough* excuse me. And this is Legolas of the Woodland Realm, Nora of Forodwaith, Azimah of the Sand Elves, and Gimli, son of Gloìn." "I'm Eomer," the man said. "We've been tracking the Orcs for days because they've taken two of our friends captive. They're hobbits, only children to your eyes." "Ooh, those Orcs. Yes, we did run into a nasty bunch. We ambushed them all in the night, and burned the carcasses," Eomer replied, pointing in the direction of a great column of smoke no one seemed to notice before. "We left no survivors." Nora's face darkened at this news. Gimli butted in, "But there were two hobbits, two wee hobbits! Didn't you see 'em?!" Everyone turned to him and stared. He smiled awkwardly and shrugged. "I do believe Gimli's gone mad," Azimah muttered. Eomer didn't seem to notice that the dwarf was repeating things. "We saw no such hobbits. They may have been caught in the fight…" Nora's anger boiled over and she lurched at Eomer, attempting to punch him. "Nora!" Aragorn yelled, pulling her back. The riders raised their spears again, one of them bumping Eomer on the head again. "Sorry!" "This is what I get for not wearing a helmet around you guys…" "She didn't mean that," Azimah spoke up quickly, defending Nora before one of the riders would be brash and try to kill her. "The hobbits were our friends, and they were very dear to us." "Hmph, that may be, but she tried to punch me! Do you know how humiliating that makes me look in front of my men?!" Eomir hissed. Azimah shrugged. "Are you sure no one saw them?" Gimli asked. "For the last time, NO!" Bradley yelled. "Geez…" "I guess we'll go to the burn site just to make sure," Aragorn said. "Yay, another long walk. Aragorn, my legs are killing me. I don't want to walk anymore!" "Gimli, stop complaining!" "Don't make me come over there, you snotty little Elf princeling!" "Guys, shut up!" "Well then," Eomer began loudly. "I suppose I could lend you three horses for your journey." Two riders brought forth three horses. "May your fate fare better than their masters'." "What are their names?" Azimah asked, petting one of the horses gently. "Hm, let's see here…" Eomer said, looking at the horses thoughtfully. "This one here is Hasselhoff, that's Aaron, and that's Gary." "I call Gary," Nora said. "What? A dwarf ride a horse?! That's unheard of! I will never ride one of those panicky beasts! I'd never dream of it!" Gimli yelled. "We'll see about that…" Aragorn muttered, picking the dwarf up and plopping him on one of the horses' back. He ignored the dwarf's curses. "Thank you for the horses, Eomer," Aragorn said as he climbed up on his. Azimah and Nora were arguing about who got to sit on the front of their horse. "I don't like sharing!" Azimah grumbled. "I wanna sit in the front!" Nora yelled, trying to climb on the horse, but the Elf was quicker. She pushed Nora off and hopped up nimbly on the front of the horse. Legolas smiled and made for her horse, but Nora shoved him away and jumped up onto the horse behind Azimah. "Not so fast blondie, heheh…" Legolas frowned and reluctantly sat on the horse in front of Gimli. He was already beginning to smell. "I wish you luck on your search for your friends, but I fear no good will come of it. Goodbye, I will probably see you all again sometime soonish, I think, if I read the script right. Farewell. MEN!" All the riders put away their spears suddenly and pulled out kazoos. They all rode away into the sunset, playing the Rohan theme on their little plastic instruments. "Strange folk…" Azimah murmured as the five of them took off in the opposite direction. "Aragorn, why do you get a horse all to yourself?" "Cuz I'm gonna be KING!" Aragorn yelled proudly. "No need for all caps, geez…" ………… Aggie: Moolie, what is this?! Moolie: …a puppy… Aggie: But we already have Donald! Ginny: Aw, she's so cute… Aggie: She peed on the couch! That's where I sleep! Ginny: Aw, we're keeping her, right, Moolie? Aggie: Damn hippies… Moolie: We'll call her…Elephant. Aggie: But she's the size of a teacup! Ginny: Oh, sweet irony!