the pillar of flesh exposed to him, swallowing him. Slowly, Aragorn pulled the flesh into his mouth with a gentle suction, working his mouth in a way that he'd found pleasurable in the past. Though this was the first time that he'd ever serviced another creature, he was sure that there was no one else that would have been nearly as arousing to pleasure than this. Slowly, he moved his hands up the other man's thighs as he worked lower, moving his tongue along the bottom as he went. Legolas tossed his head back, letting out a cry as if he'd been wounded. His fingers shot out, wrapping in the long brown locks that were so deliciously between his legs, as Aragorn pulled him deeply into his mouth. The unexpected pleasure was almost too much for the elf to take, and as the King realized that he was about to bring a quick end to something far more important, he eased his head back, allowing the flesh to slip free. Groaning in protest, and about to sit up, Legolas was stopped cold by the feel of something hard pressing against the opening between his legs. Looking down, he caught sight of Aragorn, kneeling between his legs, prepared to enter his body. A sudden jolt of fear ran through his body, and the elf froze. Slowly, he eased his muscles, attempting to relax. If it were too much, he would simply tell the other man to stop. He trusted Aragorn enough to know that the other man wouldn't do anything to hurt him…intentionally. With that thought in mind, Legolas eased into a calm state of mind as he felt the pressure start. With the water that was still around them, the entry was somewhat less painful than it would have been otherwise. And, at least for that, Legolas was grateful. It was difficult to ease into the passage that was so tightly closed. However, after a few moments of pressure, the opening finally gave way and a tight and moving heat absorbed Aragorn. Closing his eyes, he tried to keep from rushing faster into the pleasure. Pure ecstasy enveloped him as he eased in, inch by inch, as the tunnel gave. Finally, after a few moments, Aragorn was completely seated within his lover, and dared to open his eyes. The elf looked less satisfied than his lover at that moment, his head turned to the side, eyes closed hard to prevent more tears from spilling free. A twinge of guilt flowed through the King as he reached out, touching Legolas' cheek. Leaning down, he pressed his lips to the sweet place where the other's pulse raged, and attempted to soothe away some of the discomfort. Doing his best to ignore the lower half of his body until the elf had adjusted, the King remained still. Slowly, the ache started to release from Legolas' body. What was left was an amazing sense of being full, and complete, for the first time. Easing his hips back, he attempted to signal to the other that it was all right to move. Taking the sign for what it was, Aragorn pressed his hips forward to test the sensitivity of his lover. When he got only a quiet, happy groan in response, he took heart, and began to move. Slowly, he worked his body – in, out, in, out – until he felt the muscles loosen all the more, giving him more freedom to move. Giving a quiet groan, he started to speed up. Between spread thighs, Aragorn lost himself, and what was left of the sanity he once thought himself to possess. Here he was, in the middle of a forest, enjoying the company of one of his oldest and dearest friends. But, what was so wrong with this? No one was being hurt – they were both men of their word. And, by the spirits, this was a good feeling. To be buried so completely in such a beautiful creature was worthy of a dream that Aragorn had never known. Flesh moved against flesh, and soon the two were arching to meet a desperate rhythm that required more than they had within them to give. Every thrust shattered the world that they had known, and every withdrawal pulled something into its place. Without thinking, the King eased one pale leg onto his shoulder, before adding the other and pressing deeper into his willing lover. And it was like this that the two remained as heaven drew closer and closer. With a pant, and a quiet groan, Aragorn attempted to warn the other man that he was close to the edge. However, the elf seemed to know, and rolled his back, arching high enough to make the impossibly tight passage even tighter. And the world came to a screeching halt. Everything became a white light that was so intense, that for a moment the King thought he would go blind. A few seconds later, the midnight air came crashing back around them, and he found himself back in his body, barely breathing, and satisfied. His hips had stopped moving, thrust one last time completely into his lover. Looking down, he managed to catch sight of the last of the other's face as he flew over the edge into a beautiful oblivion. Evidence of their actions coated his belly, and Aragorn soon found himself easing down to lay beside his lover. The night grew still again, as their breathing eased. Both were exhausted and satisfied with what had happened, and neither was willing to question it just now. Laying there, quietly on the rock, the two fell into an easy slumber, still joined together. Off in the trees, a quiet rustle finally announced the presence of a figure that had been watching since the King had arrived. A delicate smirk fell over pale red lips as dark hair moved behind. "Always was a lover of pointed ears…" She couldn't help chuckling at her own clever planning.