his eyes. And Fíli… no, he could not even dare to think his name or he would be choked by the loneliness, the empty hollow gap inside him. Why had he not been allowed to die with them? He knees buckled and he nearly feel but one moment before his knees could hit the hard stone ground, he felt Dwalin's huge hand closing around his upper arm, Kíli looked up, seeing the worried expression in the scarred warrior's eyes. Wordlessly, he put his hand above Dwalin's, trying to somehow thank him for his silent support. He had wanted to not think, to be empty, maybe to stop feeling for a while, but Dwalin reminded him that he was not alone, that there were others still with him and he was grateful for the huge warrior's presence. Dwalin hugged him close, the warm gesture enough to nearly break Kíli into fresh tears, but he bit them back, when he heard steps approach. He pulled from the hug, but still gravitated closely to the older warrior, finding some comfort in his presence. Dwalin was nearly relieved to see the pain in Kíli's eyes, for a moment he had feared Kíli would withdraw into himself, to a place where no one could reach him. Pain bad though it might be, had to be lived through to heal. And raw as Dwalin's own emotions were, about Thorin and Fíli fallen, focusing on helping Kíli to survive this nightmare would help him to deal with his own sadness. He felt Kíli startled back and looked around. Thranduil was leaving, uncaring as always, why the Elf King had been here at all, was beyond Dwalin. But Bard the Bowman came walking towards them. Dwalin shot him a glare; this was really not the time to debate the past events. Kíli was exhausted, physically and mentally, speaking of the dark hours before the battle, of Thorin's slip into madness would only bring more pain, more desperation and they had enough of that already. "And what would you want?" Dwalin asked more sharply, trying to make the man hear that he could take his issues up with Dáin and good luck with that. While Dwalin had no dislike for the Bowman, he would not see Kíli put through more needless pain. "I will not intrude upon you long." Bard spoke swiftly; he could see the warrior's patience was already wearing thin. His eyes sought Kíli's gaze, the dark eyes he met were unreadable and empty like the winter skies. Bard had seen such expressions before; they belonged to men who had no reason to life anymore, not the will to put with the world. Those who sought death. "Your family had a long feud with Smaug, and even as I was the one to strike him down, you should have this." With these words he handed Kíli one long, glittering dragon's fang. Closing his hand over the icy cold fang, Kíli inclined his head. His mind refused to think, or even consider that he held a tooth of the beast that had wrought so much suffering on so many. When he spoke the words came to him by reflex, training providing what his soul could not give any more. His lips moved, he spoke and his heart could hardly hear his own voice. "You have my thanks, Bard of Laketown. And I wish you luck in rebuilding your city." Bard's eyes grew thoughtful. "It seems we have a new King under the Mountain to watch out for. I fear there will be many a day when even I shall wish your uncle had survived." With this, he bowed slightly and left the gravesite. With the last stranger gone Kíli's strength gave out, he could not stand any longer, the pain from the countless wounds for a moment even drowning out the hollow emptiness inside him. Dwalin's strong hands caught him again and the warrior helped him to sit down by the dark stones. Kíli closed his eyes, leaning against the grave, he wanted to stay here, to simply sleep and never wake again, to let his soul slowly slip into the Grey, into the dream from whence there was no waking. "Kíli, lad," Dwalin's deep, rumbling voice called him from the brink of sleep. Looking at the bald warrior, Kíli saw pain and worry closely etched into the older dwarf's features. "I know it hurts, more like you think you can bear," Dwalin's voice was gentle, having lost all his usual gruffness. "you need to hang on, to keep going… it will get better. It will heal, even if you cannot see it yet. Do you think you can try? Please?" It was that last word that cut right into Kíli again, he remembered how Dwalin had carried him off the bloody hill before the gates, how he had been with him while the healers tried to put him back together, his voice was all Kíli remembered amongst the pain, the deep voice of Dwalin, talking, encouraging him, begging him to hold out, to not die too. And now that he saw the pain in the old warrior he was startled to see how much more pain his own demise would bring to him. "I will hang on, Dwalin, I promise," he clasped the powerful hand, feeling his fingers nearly vanish under the grip. He had chosen to keep his friends alive, to not fight and die… and if that meant he had to go on, to life for them, he'd do it. Duty first. Grief later. Dwalin leaned closer and their forehead's touched for a moment, a gesture of comfort for both of them. Before they separated and Dwalin sat down beside Kíli. A cold wind rose from the east, sweeping across the mountain and the valley below. Snow began slowly to fall from heavy grey clouds. Dwalin's eyes went to the far of ridge of mountains to the west. It would be a long way home.