taken off guard. Sitting a few paces from where Éomer lay, he looked around. Éomer lay, propped up on one arm, breathing furiously and scowling. His unkempt hair framed his dark, wild face. Confused, Legolas twitched his brow innocently and asked, "My Lord?" It was too late for Éomer's temper. Once stoked, it had full reins and Éomer breathed hard, gritting his teeth before growling softly, "Damn you, elf! It is because of you that I cannot sleep!" A fleeting look of understanding was quickly replaced with a distracting smile on Legolas's face. Leaning closer he began inspecting Éomer as if looking for something amiss, his eyes moving left and right upon Éomer's body. He said, with what Éomer perceived to be fictitious concern, "Whatever do you mean, my Lord? Did I do something wrong?" Without meaning to, Éomer jabbed Legolas in the chest with his pointed finger as he rumbled, "Don't act so innocently, elf! I will not be forced to speak of that which you so readily know!" Flinching, Legolas moved his shoulder away from Éomer's jabs and Éomer's anger plummeted into self conscious guilt. Pausing, Éomer gently retook Legolas's shoulder into his hand, looking past Legolas into the smoky night. "I'm sorry... I did not mean to..." Legolas reached up and placed atop Éomer's hand his own, softly caressing Éomer's rough skin. Startled, Éomer stared feverishly into the elf's face. Legolas smiled, this time with only the most distant hint of teasing. "Do not fret, son of Rohan. I should not seem so ignorant to that which you speak. In all honesty, I have been aware of you from the start, and I too am sorry." Éomer coughed and looked down, embarrassed. He had not expected the complete lack of resistance from Legolas and now without his anger he found that he had nothing more to say. Still, his hand remained between the elf's shoulder and palm, and neither of them moved. Suddenly, as if remembering an idea, Legolas asked, "Is there not something I can do to help you to sleep? As you helped me the evening past?" Legolas had made himself plain and looked with intent into Éomer's face. But Éomer was embarrassed. Shaking his head, he muttered, "Oh, I couldn't... I couldn't do that. See it isn't right, it really isn't..." Legolas leaned dangerously close, his eyes almost slightly crossed as they looked up into Éomer's. As he spoke Éomer caught a waft of his scent, fresh and soft in the evening air. "Who is to say what is right and wrong, especially in this time of peril?" Staring straight ahead, Éomer was silenced by the simmering vibration that was rising in him. He said nothing, pressing his tongue agitatedly against his teeth. Legolas continued: "Is it not of the highest importance that Lord Éomer achieves rest, regardless of the means?" The elf tilted his head slightly and Éomer met his eyes once more, his nostrils flaring. "As unfortunately, we cannot change the events that have led us to feeling how we do, here, tonight, can we...?" Legolas then opened his mouth and softly clasped Éomer's lower lip in between his teeth, kissing him lightly before pulling away. The kiss was tentative, as if posing a question, and in one movement Éomer answered. Éomer was a man of love and his previous hesitation was no indication of his experience. Holding Legolas firmly Éomer crawled on top of him, seeking what he desired in entirety. The goal was relief - relief from wondering, watching, denied lust and impassioned restraint. Éomer's body moved with strength and persistence against Legolas who bit down upon Éomer's shoulder in order to remain quiet enough for caution. Éomer held Legolas's face in his hands, his fingers roughly entangled in the elf's luminescent hair, and the moment seemed endless. When Éomer had filled Legolas with as much pent up desire as he possibly could, his body seized and his deep moan reverberated in Legolas's ear. Falling down, Éomer's heavy body weighed upon the elf, who breathed heavily. When he finally pulled away, Éomer looked down upon Legolas. After days of scowls, a small smile escaped Éomer and he began to chuckle softly. The deep sound resonated across the hilltops. Legolas grinned, his eyes sparkling before he pressed a hand over Éomer's mouth, whispering, "Shhhhhh, shhhh! You'll get us killed!" Once Éomer's laughter receded he lay down, breathing softly. This time, Éomer was finally able to give in to sleep. And he slept soundly, his mouth gaping open and his brow slightly furrowed. Legolas kept watch, mostly scanning the hills for danger, but occasionally finding amusement in noticing the Marshal drooling in his repose. Two days later the warriors returned to meet the Rohirrim who had successfully completed the passage to Gondor. The force raged into combat full of hope and fire, determined to vanquish the evil that was Sauron from the lands of men. Legolas noticed Éomer nod gallantly at him as they stood in line, ready to stampede forth. Despite the tragedy of losses, the war fell in their favour and Minas Tirith was secured. Éomer suffered the loss of Théoden and the injury of Éowyn during the war. With the same passion Legolas had witnessed previous, Éomer expressed his sorrows with forceful honesty. However, resilient as ever, Éomer recovered from his struggles and looked forward, ready for the next challenge. It was a busy time and although there was little space for recreation, Legolas and Éomer sometimes found themselves standing uncharacteristically close to one another in the most formal of settings. Although unusual, the natural way in which they held themselves seemed to obscure any possible mystery, their connection overlooked. Standing in the throne room with Gimli and Aragorn, Gandalf pondered their next move into Moridor. Both Legolas and Éomer were focused and ready to defend Frodo and Sam. Only the smallest part of Éomer's mind was elsewhere, secretly remarking upon Legolas's stance, his expression, and his discipline. FIN