and beautiful in a small and gentle way. And it shines, oh like golden stars in the mist under the Silver Trees.' Pippin stopped, then he whispered, 'Ever bloom the winter flowers in the unfading grass: the yellow elanor , and the pale niphredil '. For a moment he heard Haldir's voice as clearly as if the tall Elf was standing before him, and they were again in the Blessed Realm. Then Pearl laughed, a clear laugh much like their mother's, one that Pippin rarely heard of his sister. 'You've turned a poet on your journeys, little brother.' She stepped swiftly towards the big walnut at the end of the kitchen garden. There she turned to him. 'But I suppose if a flower can inspire such poetry, then it makes a good name for a hobbit lass. It would be wise, though, to tell folk about elanor being simple and the colour of cowslip.' Pippin nodded at that, no need to burden the bairn too much with the strangeness of an Elvish name. Shire folk did not take light to things unknown to them and they were especially slow to approve of anything from the other side of the Bounds. And so much peril and death had entered the Shire from the outside world in the last years, strange tales, too, stranger even than Bilbo's. Yet no dragon could have done such damage to the land as did Saruman and his Men. Pippin knew that Merry worried at times what might yet come of the memory of hobbit betraying hobbit, the memory of the slain on Bywater Road, of the wizard's death on the very threshold of Bag End. But it was no use to linger on such thoughts, not when the Shire's glory laid spread before him in such marvellous sights. The western hillside was glowing in a thousand shades of green, flocks of titmice welcomed the new day with their high-rising song. Sunbeams jumped from one hobbit hole to the next and lighted the colourful doors so that Tuckborough looked as if it had gone to washing day. Flutters of joy rose from Pippin's stomach, and he laughed out loud, well aware of the two old gaffers over at the fence in front of the Pitter's hole. Ah, but Pippin was set to beat the sun to the big old larch. He couldn't stop now, not with the dewy grass so cool below his feet, and the sun was only at Mrs Scutel's cottage and he just a quick dash from the old tree. He put all his strength in the race, down, down the path, with the sunlight licking at his heels. Woodman Jock held his hand up in greeting, then snapped his fingers in the air and turned back to Old Rip Pitter. 'Tis useless to strike up any kind of sensible talk with this youngest of the Thain's , his crooked smile said as clear as words. What a blessing to come from a family with a reputation for madness! The larch broke Pippin's race, saving him from a fall down the slope as he slipped on the shady patch underneath the tree. His fingers held on to the knurled ridges where the lower branches had been sawed off. Out of breath, Pippin pressed his face against the tree's rough skin. It was soaked with the warmth of the last days that had been full of the taste of the Hill's summer, the fragrance of the blue wolf-beans all around. Pippin turned and leaned his back against the trunk, waiting with closed eyes for the sun to reach the larch. And there it was, the soft rustling when the branches turned towards the warmth, the scratching underneath the bark from the beetles starting to move, the heaving deep within as the sap rose. A certain hesitancy too, as if the old tree did not yet trust the sun. The air still had the bite of winter in it, and Pippin could feel the tree hold back, breathing shallow, not like summer when it was hard to see where tree's skin ended and sunlight began. Woodman Jock's raspy voice carried down from where he was still chatting up the morning. 'I'm not to wager anything yet on this turning into another sunny day. Might yet bring rain, seeing as the wind's just taking a nap.' Pippin opened his eyes to look into the branches above him. Bright golden stars of sunlight pierced the tree's shade, each one shimmering in circles of reddish purple and a gleaming green where the rays touched the needles. He slid down onto the ground below the tree. Ever since Pippin could recall, folk were resting here after the steep climb up the footpath through Tuckborough, enjoying the splendid view over the sloping hillside and the lands below. The larch at his back felt old and so alive, much like Treebeard and then again, not like him at all. Briefly Pippin wondered where it had come from, such a dark, high tree that hardly belonged into a village but deep into the woods. Then he turned to the clouds drifting like tattered rags through the sky, unravelling into wisps of smoke like it rose from Mrs Scutel's chimney. The sky was undecided yet whether it would turn to rain or sunshine. The road up from Whitwell was gliding like a brown snake through the fields and along the dark hedges, the Water flashed silver in the distance on Pippin's right. The beauty of the Westfarthing stretched all the way towards the White Downs. Behind them, the Far Downs rose in a misty blue from the haze. Such a sight it was that Pippin rose and grabbed his walking stick. This surly was enough for any Took to leave home and hole behind and set out for the road, might it lead just across the Water or far away to such wondrous places where the Queen of Fairy dwelled. the end (for now)