Blowing a kiss to herself, she sprayed her Perfectly Peachy perfume on each wrist, dabbed a bit on her neck, and sprayed a bit in her cleavage for good measure. She skipped downstairs, forgetting to shut off either the TV or the radio, and tapped on her father's bedroom door. "Daddy? I'm going to the Ground Round with my friends, 'kay?" There was a mumbled assent, and Lizzie giggled then continued on. As she went through her house to the garage, she pulled her hair back in a ponytail. It would look so cute, she decided, if she had one of those butterfly clips to decorate the pink hair tie, but there couldn't be anything for it. She banged open the garage door and rolled her neon-pink-custom-made Tomahawk onto the driveway. It had a few green and yellow art decals scattered on the gleaming pink body, and she slid one leg seductively over the side. She saw the gardener, Tony, watching her out of the corner of his eye, and she flipped her hair. Being the center of attention always pleased the blonde model. She checked her makeup in her vanity mirror and tossed her blonde hair, sneaking a flirty smile at Tony, who jerked his head back at her. She kicked the kickstand up and turned it on, gunning it loudly to attract Tony's attention again. It worked, and she surged forward knowing his dark eyes were watching her from behind. 09 Sam already had a booth in the Ground Round when Amy got there. She was lounging against the wall, both hands gripping a cool, frosty glass half full of root beer. Her short brown hair was tousled from zipping along the highway, and when Amy approached her, her brown eyes opened and she offered a sideways grin that had become her trademark. "Hey, girlfriend," she said with a little smile. "Where've you been? I missed you - got your text, by the way." She held up her battered phone as Amy got onto the booth across from her. The short redhead had attempted to tame her mass of red curls by pulling it back in a ponytail, but some of it hung loose around her face and her bangs were hanging in her green eyes again. Amy sighed and blew a few red curls out of her face and leaned against the wall. "Oh, man, it's hot out," she moaned. "I haven't seen you all week. How's your mom?" Amy never failed to ask about Sam's alcoholic mother. Sam's brown eyes flitted downwards as she lied easily to her friend. She felt bad about lying to the innocent redhead, but then again it was so damned easy to lie to Amy. She believed everything she heard, the naive little thing. "Mom's doin' better, you know, drinking a lot less." Sam said quietly. Then she looked up and forced a grin. "But at least she's drinking in hot weather. Hey, let's get you a soda. Cherry coke, right?" she asked, changing the subject. It was a plot Amy saw right through, and she decided to let the matter drop. "Yeah, cherry coke." Amy said. The bell above the door tinkled and they both looked up. Sam and Amy groaned simultaneously. "I wish she was a little less pretty, you know?" Amy said after a moment of silence. They both observed their bubbly blonde friend who had just entered, attracting most of the male attention in the room. Lizzie sat down next to them, a sunny smile on her face. "Oh, my God, I haven't seen you guys in forever! How have you been?" Lizzie asked with a high giggle. Sam scowled at her friend/enemy. "You look like Malibu-Barbie," Sam snapped. "Can you not dress like a five dollar whore when I'm around, at least?" It was the usual jab. Sam didn't like Lizzie because she was pretty and popular and cute, and Lizzie didn't like Sam because she was tough, sarcastic, and defensive. Lizzie's blue eyes narrowed as she scowled at her friend/enemy. "At least I don't look like trailer trash, Samantha ," Lizzie snapped, using Sam's full name to get a rise out of her. Amy held up her hands pleadingly, kicking Sam under the table to keep her from rising to the bait. Sam glanced at her friend and sighed, letting the comment go by without slapping Lizzie. "Look, guys, its too hot to be fighting," Amy said. "Let's just have a drink or two and chill out, okay?" The waiter arrived, giving the usual root beet, cherry coke and ginger ale to the three regular customers. He gave his roguish grin at Lizzie and departed, leaving the three girls with icy cold drinks that they were already slurping down. After their thirst had been sated for the moment, Sam began digging in her pocket. "Hey, happy birthday, Amy," she said. She took out a pocket knife and spun it over to Amy. "Wasn't sure what to get you or anything, so I got you that. And I wasn't about to get you a card and all that crap, so be happy with it." By the pink flush on Amy's cheeks, she was pleased with it. At least somebody remembered. Lizzie looked horror-stricken, then covered it up with a girlish half-giggle. "Oh, Amy, I left your present at home. I forgot it, sorry," she said. Knowing Lizzie, she had probably forgotten entirely, but Amy wasn't perturbed. Half an hour ago she had been wondering if anybody remembered at all, and now she had received a birthday gift from the most likely person to forget it. They finished their drinks and stepped out into the glare of the midday sun, reluctantly leaving the cool air conditioning of the restaurant. Getting on their bikes, they revved the engines and spun off, taking the corner a little too sharply. None of them saw the big black Suburban that plunged into the three bikes and sent the three teenagers sprawling.