too appropriate that he was hiding his mother's effigy. "Legolas, here you are," Thranduil breathed in relief. Legolas' head whipped up and his eyes stared straight into his father's. The elfling's little bottom lip quivered as he realized his hiding spot had been revealed and he began to wail loudly. Thranduil instinctively reached into the corner and pulled his son out into the light, then sat on the ground and cradled the elfling in his arms as Legolas cried into his shoulder. "I am sorry, Ada!" He cried. "I am sorry, I am sorry, I am sorry!" "Legolas, my son, you have naught to be sorry for!" Thranduil said, putting his hand on the back of the elfling's head and stroking his blond hair. "Yes I do! I killed Naneth!" Legolas sputtered, still crying into his father's shoulder. "An Orc's arrow killed your mother, Legolas," Thranduil sighed. Confused, Legolas sniffled and looked up into his father's face. "But you said - " "I worried that if I told you all that had transpired; you would think it was your fault. I should have told you sooner – when you first asked. I could have saved you the heartache I caused you today. It is I who should apologize," Thranduil explained. His son's face was truly pathetic; his eyes were puffy and skin red from crying. Rubbing his eyes, he considered his father's words. "It is not my fault?" Legolas asked. Thranduil smiled warmly and hugged his son close. "No, my little green leaf, it is not," he said. Thranduil felt Legolas' tense muscles relax, though he only began to cry again. The king's brow furrowed and he looked down at his son. "Legolas, what is wrong?" He asked. "I do not know!" Legolas sobbed. Thranduil smiled and kissed his son's hair and hugged him. The king sighed as he stroked Legolas' back, comforting the little elfling as he cried. After a few moments, Legolas' sobs subsided into hiccups and he gradually pulled away from his father's chest and looked into Thranduil's eye with a sleepy gaze. "My son, you look exhausted," Thranduil chuckled, patting the child's head. Legolas looked as if he were going to say something, but a great yawn stifled what words he was going to say, making his father laugh more. "Shall we put you to bed for a small nap before dinner?" Thranduil asked. "I want to know about Naneth," Legolas said simply. Knowing he could put it off no longer, the king sighed. "Do you remember me telling you that we used to live in the southern mountains before you were born?" Thranduil asked. Legolas nodded. "Well, just before you were born, evil things started to come to where we lived. It wasn't safe for us anymore. So we decided to leave. Your mother was still carrying you in her when we departed. We were nearing the Forest Road when we were attacked by a band of Orcs." Thranduil stopped and swallowed as the memories he had repressed for so long came flashing back to him. He could hear the shouts loudly ringing in his ears, and an arrow flying at full speed into flesh. He shuddered. "Ada?" Legolas asked. His father shook his head and breathed deeply before continued. "Your mother was hit by an Orc's arrow in the shoulder. The wound probably would not have been fatal, if it were not for the poison on the tip of the arrow. She was very concerned for your well-being, for she knew the poison would soon mingle with your blood. She gathered all her strength and willed you to be born. And you were." Legolas listened intently. Though he could not explain it, as his father recalled the story to him, the young prince seemed to think it sounded familiar. "She saved you, Legolas. And she gave you something to remember her by. Do you wear the silver leaf necklace I gave you for your fifteenth begetting day?" Thranduil asked. Legolas nodded and took the chain that was around his neck out from under his collar and let it rest outside his clothing. Thranduil touched the leaf charm that hung on it. "This was your mother's. She gave it to you just before…" Thranduil's voice trailed off, losing his voice in his memories. A short silence followed as Legolas considered what he had heard. Legolas suddenly looked up and met his father's eyes. "Ada , if I had not been born, would Naneth still be alive?" He asked. If he was wholly honest with himself, Thranduil knew he would never know what would have become of his wife if she had not willed herself into labor. But he did have strong suspicions, which at length he shared with his son. "No." Thranduil finally said. "I believe that I would have lost both of you that night, if it were not for your mother." A heavy curtain of loss seemed to fall over Legolas. He snuggled close to his father's chest for comfort. A few tears trickled down his already tear-stained face as he looked up at his father. "I wish I could have known her," Legolas said quietly. Thranduil smiled. "You know her very well, Legolas," he said. The little prince looked at his father with confusion reflecting in his bright blue eyes. "Much of her lives in you." "What does that mean?" Legolas asked, wrinkling his nose. "That means that you can find her when you look inside yourself," Thranduil said, poking his son's nose with his index finger. Legolas giggled and swatted his father's hand, which resulted in a tickling attack on the little prince. "Ada!" Legolas laughed, trying to wriggle away from his father. "No tickling!" "What is that you say? More tickling?" Thranduil laughed. "No! No more!" Legolas sputtered between giggles. The laughter of father and son echoed off of the foyer walls, creating a light-hearted, melodious mood in the room as the stone carving of Almwen maintained her watchful silence.