bad , Zei said indifferently. But she'll live – that's the important part. When are those damn girls going to get here? Patience, young one, Shonji drawled lazily, his tail flicking from side to side impatiently. His soaked purple fur was dripping from his underbelly, small wet peaks forming along the ridge of his sides. They'll be here shortly. As he said this, the small shapes of two horses appeared on the crest of the hill. One was a small bay pony, and the other was a stocky gray horse. They trotted down the hill, their cloaked riders shivering and sputtering random exclamations of their coldness. As they drew closer, the Sues relaxed visibly and slid off their mounts. All Sues, no matter how disgusting and hateful, have an inbred affinity for their creators. The pudgy brunette got off her horse awkwardly and returned the fierce hug Quilemna bestowed on her. The skinny blonde allowed Adavis to kiss her on both cheeks. "Ah, your face is good to see," Adavis said, and the blonde girl giggled a little haphazardly. "Um, yeah," the chubby brunette said. "Amanda? I think we better get going. He'll – He'll be mad if we take too long." Amanda bit her lip. "Yeah, you're probably right." She glanced fearfully at Zei and Shonji, both of which were eyeing them with something like disdain. "You better get your...rides...over here." As Shonji drew closer, Melody lifted her head and locked eyes with Amanda. Amanda took an unconscious step backwards, biting her lip at the sight of those glittering honey-brown eyes. Thick, damp strands of beautiful blonde hair clung to the sides of her face, and the skinny girl tugged at her own lifeless blonde plait. She shivered. "C'mon, everyone, we need to go!" She shouted, louder than necessary, and scrambled on top of her horse. The Suethors took off at a dead run down the hill, towards Isengard, and Melody smirked. Perfect . Stop. Rest. Breathe. She could barely lift her feet as she ran stumblingly behind Gimli. Her chest felt as though an iron band had clamped around her throat – her lungs burned. Her legs felt as though they had been dipped in concrete, and she slogged through the puddles, wishing the cold water would soothe the hot blisters rising on her heels. She swiped her dark hair from her eyes and paused to catch her breath. Ahead of her, Aragorn, Legolas, Gandalf, and Michael were running speedily, leaping over boulders and over rivulets of water. They looked so easy and graceful, proud deer bounding in pursuit of their friends. Michael had sworn he had seen Shonji and Zei follow the Uruks, so they were killing two birds with one stone and following their tracks. Sure enough, heavy tracks marked a wolf and a tiger racing ahead of the Uruks, their prints almost invisible beneath the heavy mass of Uruk feet. Isabella's head rang harshly, and the world spun around her in dizzying circles. She stumbled, and before she knew what was happening a strong arm had circled her small waist and dragged her to her feet. "Easy, child, easy," she heard the sweet voice of Legolas murmuring in her ear. "Aragorn!" Legolas shouted, and the lean ranger loped back to where Legolas was holding Isabella erect. "We cannot keep running like this. We are all tired – the Uruks are coming no closer. She is still healing from her wounds." "We cannot stop now, Legolas," Aragorn said over the roar of the winds. "We are getting closer. I can feel it." "We are all exhausted!" Legolas snapped. "Running like Morgoth himself won't bring them any closer. They run as if the whips of their Master is biting into their backs. We will not catch them, Aragorn." "Is this my friend speaking?" Aragorn said disbelievingly. "Is this Legolas, my friend who tells me to never give up, to continue to hope?" Aragorn seized Legolas by the collar, their faces an inch apart. "I will not rest, Legolas, until this war is over or until I am dead. I will find the Halflings, and if they lie dead then I will avenge them. I shall never give up!" He shouted the last five words, and Isabella felt the air between the two friends sizzle with electricity. Legolas's starry blue eyes met his friend's dark gray ones. "So be it," he said softly. "Come, Isabella, I shall carry you until I no longer can." He made a move as if to pick her up, but she drew away stubbornly. "If he's not giving up, neither am I," she said frostily. She had no idea what a picture she looked, standing up to her ankles in freezing rainwater, her black hair clinging to her slender figure, fists clenched, crystal blue eyes hard as granite. Her dark brows were drawn together, and she jutted her chin angrily as she glared fiercely at the two warriors, her bangs dripping water onto her face. "By Eru, you have spirit," Legolas breathed. "Very well. We must run, Aragorn, but not after a quick rest. Give her some lembas bread, and we shall resume our journey." A/N: I decided to start putting my Author's Notes down here, so not to interrupt the flow of the story. Anyway, I don't know how to chapter turned out – my mother-in-law saps every drop of creative blood out of me, so this may be a little sub par. Anyway, CHECK OUT MY PROFILE! I have Character Pictures for all of the Authors, plus Shonji and Zei! They're anime pictures, unfortunately, but you can go look at them anyway. Alex drudged through the world wide web to find them, and I don't suggest looking at them if you have a very distinct picture of what the Authors look like in your mind. Anyway, ENJOY! Oh, and I decided to publically thank all reviewers! I think I haven't been showing you guys enough lovin'...So review, and be recognized! :)