kiss them! And he could easily do so, for they were creatures of unsurpassable beauty. Their women pure and smiling, their men respectful and gorgeous. He thought of her brown hair, her brown eyes, her brown freckles. She was plain, nothing like the blondes of Rivendell. Even the auburn haired people captivated him, such a rich tone their hair was! He had never seen a color like it. Their eyes captured him completely. Blues, greens, colors he had never seen! He looked around him, the men he had come with, their eyes were brown. His own eyes were a soil color. Plain! Empty! Oh, how he longed for blue eyes. He would have killed for a pair of green eyes. The elven eyes, he knew that they could see so much more than his own. So much farther, so much more precise! And just behind the color, when one would look through the pupil and truly see the elven eyes, one would find a mixture of powerful emotions that had almost caused him to weep. Love, lust, respect, wonder, knowledge, a natural curiosity for the life around them. Above all, excitement! He had never felt excitement such as this; for their eyes explained to him just how excited they were to see him there. A mortal, a brown haired, brown eyed mortal could excite the elves! Imagine! They owned him now. If the most beauteous of all the elves asked him to take his life, he would. If the least attractive asked him to take his life plus the lives of three of his men, he would do so. It did not appeal to him, this sort of ownership, yet he knew it to be truth. Even the uncomely were much more alluring than any living being he had ever come to see. And when the white blond man with the violet eyes passed by him, a chance meeting, he had followed unconsciously. Boromir yelled for him. Could Naranwe hear him? It wasn't known to him at the time, all he thought of was the man before him. Seven paces, maybe less, was the distance that separated them. Naranwe doubled his speed, making it to the man in half the time. The man, at first, seemed perplexed as Naranwe stepped in front of him and in doing so blocking the man's path. He had stopped, looking down slightly into Naranwe's earthly eyes and had smiled. Was this all it took, then? A smile, the connection of eyes, Naranwe's breath was being slowly drawn out of him, it was almost painful how torturously it was taken. The man waited, his eyes ready and expecting, his lips still spread in that small smile. Naranwe stared, he did not attempt to hide his rudeness. No, there was no need to! This man knew why he did this, why he just couldn't look away from the preternatural eyes. The long, narrow nose was so exotic! He had never seen a nose such as that before. The man's mouth! Oh, how he wished he could but reach up, brush his fingers along the man's supple lips… He had lifted his arm in his examination, his hand dangerously close to the man's face now. Yet he did not pull away from Naranwe's palm as it touched the man's cheek, the ends of his hair. His hair! It was blond, certainly. But was it blond? It was white, Naranwe thought, holding it up to the light. Yes, white. The elves that traveled with the man began to laugh. Their laughter was chimes, a small chorus of intoxicating sound, Naranwe spun around and listened intently, never had he heard such a melody of true happiness! His examinations turned to the closest yellow haired man. The blue eyes, darker around the outsides to become lighter towards the black circle, stared into his brown eyes as the man with violet eyes had done. This one, however, did not smile, but continued to laugh. His eyes closed momentarily in his laughter which caused great sadness in Naranwe, which left as soon as they opened again. His mouth was thinner than the firsts, his nose shorter and more broad. Were they from the same area? He doubted this. The other two appeared the same as the yellow haired man, he noticed. Were they the same? Was he losing his mind? No, there were three. Blue eyes with the dark rims, large shoulders, only their height seemed to differ. Their blond hair fell at exactly the same lengths. How could this be possible? Three identical men! Naranwe had never witnessed such a spectacle. He recognized them as the men that sat atop the balcony upon his arrival. The elves that greeted him were nothing compared to these yellow haired men nor the violet eyed gentleman. The four stood in a line facing Naranwe, all patient and considerate as Naranwe nodded and stepped aside for them. In a moment's time, they had continued their elvish conversation as if nothing had interrupted them at all. Boromir reached Naranwe's side. "They are used to such things, surely." Boromir offered, shrugging off the situation and pulling Naranwe back toward the group. "I myself had done the same thing the first time I set eyes on the elves! Such creatures, they are." "Such creatures indeed." Naranwe murmured, looking back at the four men who conversed as they walked away. "Perhaps we shall see them tomorrow, at the Gathering." Boromir continued, tugging at young Naranwe's arm, successfully pulling him away toward their quarters. "They do not seem to have come for vacation, nor do they seem to have settled here for the remainder of their lives. That leaves but one thing, my friend." Naranwe's heart sank at the thought. "I hope you are wrong." Yet throughout the night, the sobering thought plagued him. No one, not the youngest nor the eldest, the least attractive nor the most beautiful being in the world would be safe from this… No one.