the overgrowth was welcome and comforting. Beside them, Aragorn heard the trickling of water. Ahead of them, he could see an end to the plants, as the path emptied into a meadow of sorts. When at last they reached this, he saw the source of the water; there was a small stream into which flowed a waterfall no more than a meter and a half tall. Pulling him into the clearing, she stopped, moved close to him and whispered, 'Here, my love. Here is where we can be alone.' 'I did not know this place existed,' he said, still in awe of the beauty. 'Not many do, but I often come here when I wish to be alone,' she turned her back to him, looking at the water gently crashing into the water as it fell from the rock. 'No one comes here anymore.' 'Anymore?' he asked, intrigued by her statement. Arwen paused for a minute before answering him. 'Bad memories,' she said, a twinge of sadness in her voice. 'Have you told ada yet?' she quickly changed the subject. This time it was his turn to pause before speaking. 'No,' he told her. 'Why,' her voice rose a touch as she whirled around to confront him. 'I don't know,' he sighed. 'Perhaps I am afraid of his answer, after all we still are not on the best of terms.' 'And yet he allows you to remain here as long as you wish,' she pointed out. 'He is a good man Aragorn, why can you not see that. He will understand.' 'I know he is a good man, but I still fear his answer. And how can I tell him that I love you? We are almost brother and sister, Arwen.' 'Does that bother you?' she asked firmly. 'No,' he sighed. 'True we are both part of this family, raised by the same father, but we are not blood relatives Aragorn. We did not even grow up together. There is nothing wrong with our love for one another. Ada will understand that and he will accept the love we have for one another.' 'And what of your brothers? Do you really believe they will accept it as easily as Ada?' 'They love you deeply as they love me. I am sure that they would be joyed to know that you will be staying in the family.' She moved towards him, 'But they matter naught, Aragorn,' she spoke softly, taking his hands in hers. 'What truly matters is that we love one another. Our love is not false and cannot be doubted. This they shall have to accept.' 'Aye, Arwen,' he gently took her hands, lifting them to kiss the fingertips. 'This they shall have to accept,' he agreed, peering over her hands to gaze at her eyes. Instantly, he was enraptured by the beauty they beheld. He felt as though they could read one another's minds for as soon as he moved to kiss her, she moved to kiss him. Then the beauty and passion he held for her, ignited all the more and he found himself unable to draw away from her. At last, however, he forced himself to, for he knew that they could not remain this way forever. 'Arwen,' he breathed her name, his lips still dangerously close to hers. 'My love,' he forced himself to move a little farther back, 'I must go. I have to talk to Ada.' 'Yes,' she whispered so soft that despite their closeness only her elven ears could hear it. She was distracted, saddened that the moment was over, but also frightened for him and his safety. She knew he was not quite healed, he still suffered headaches from whatever torture he had endured. Sometimes they were so terrible, he could not even rise from his bed; rather he would stay there, keeping his room cloaked in darkness trying to work through the pain. Ada always tried to help him, giving him a potion that would ease the pain, but Ada feared giving it too often for Aragorn might become reliant on it. 'Arwen,' he called again, slightly louder than before. She looked at him, 'I must go,' he repeated his earlier statement. 'I have to talk to Ada.' 'Of course,' she tried not to look disappointed, but her voice betrayed her. 'Arwen,' he touched her chin with his hand, 'I will not be gone for long. Once I find the rangers, I will return to see you.' 'And I shall be waiting,' she lowered her head. 'Come, we should go,' now it was Aragorn's turn to take her hand, leading her back through the overgrown path. They walked slower than when they had come, both knowing that this was their last moment for some time that they would be able to spend alone together. Once outside the door, they would have to hide their love for one another, showing rather the love that one shows to a sibling. The masquerade was difficult. She was not sure how much longer she could pretend; she knew however that she would have to continue until Aragorn told Ada. As they approached the door, Arwen noticed the door was slightly ajar. She knew she had fully shut it so as to make sure that no one would hear them or think that someone was in the garden. The door, she told herself, must have slipped open a little. It was the wind that did it, she tried to assuage the feelings of uneasiness settling in her mind. She looked to Aragorn; he did not seem to notice. But he had take note; he knew that Arwen would have been careful to shut it fully so they would not be caught. He too tried to tell himself, however that it was the wind, but in his heart he knew that someone had been in the garden; someone had seen them. The two questions that remained were: who was it and how much had they seen.