First Age, a butterfly carelessly alighted on a tree trunk and found its feet stuck to the resin. And, as more and more resin bled from the tree, it became encased and thus preserved through the ages. That is what amber is, ancient pieces of petrified resin." "So what they really are is not the tears of Uinen but the tears of a tree?" "The tears of a wounded tree, yes, if you would have it so. And it is true, there is a melancholy side to them if they enclose a trapped creature, though few people give a second thought to it, and neither would you have done this time last year." He paused and laid his hand on her arm. "Faramir tells me that dark moods have taken hold of you. Will you let me help you?" All of a sudden, she found herself fighting back tears. "Why is this happening to me, Legolas? Why has all joy drained from my life?" "I cannot be sure. It may be the black breath catching up with you, but I have seen others fall under this cloud who never saw a nazgûl in their lives. It is an ailment that sneaks up on people, we do not know how. You have not answered my question, though. Will you let me help you?" "What would you do?" "I cannot heal your soul as a potion cures a fever, and I do not think anyone can. But I can teach you a song that might soothe and lift your spirit. It is a song the elves of the Greenwood sing for an ailing tree. Something tells me it will have the power to touch you." Éowyn bit her lip to stifle a bitter laugh. Ah, elves and their unfaltering trust in the power of songs! It was a marvel that Legolas had ever taken up a bow and arrow rather than trying to sing down the orcs at Helm's Deep, it was a marvel that - she called herself to order. He was her friend and she did not want to offend him. "So you would teach me?" "I will sing it to you, right now if you wish, and then again whenever it suits you for as long as I stay. Once I leave, you can sing it to yourself." "Very well. Do I have to close my eyes?" "Do as you wish." Éowyn fixed her gaze on the horizon, which was a crooked line here, formed by woods and hills. She couldn't have told what she expected, but when Legolas's voice rose beside her, she was filled with wonder. It was a song without words and almost without shape, a tuneless humming that swelled and swayed like the tides, like the phases of the moon. And the first thing she realised was that the landscape, which had seemed drab and lacklustre to her, had taken on a little of its former radiance. The scent of the morning air fluttered and tapped into her memories, it brought up images of days spent riding beneath turning trees, of vigour, of joy. And then the tears came. Not for real, not as drops running down her face, but inside her; floods of tears that lifted all the sad debris of her numb spirit and enclosed it in a shimmering sphere. She could see it in her mind's eye as a hovering orb, translucent and flecked with the deposits of her sorrow. "Hold on to this," said Legolas when his song had finished. "You never know, time might turn it into something precious." "How did you know -" she began, but he put his fingers to his lips and nodded at the meadows. "How does the world look now?" "Brighter," she said. Perhaps by a finger's width only, but brighter, undoubtedly brighter. "Thank you, my friend." ~o~ By evening, he had sung to her thrice and the sunset had seemed very nearly cheerful. Faramir looked noticeably relieved as she smiled at him across the dinner table. "Call the children," she said when the servants had cleared away the empty plates. "They will be asleep by now," said Faramir. "That just goes to show how little you know, my dear," she replied. And indeed, some minutes later the three children appeared in the hall in their nightshirts, but with bright and wakeful eyes. Faramir and Legolas each took one of the girls on their laps while Éowyn wrapped her arm around Elboron's shoulders. "As you may remember," she began, "when we stayed in Dol Amroth last summer, Elboron gave me a mysterious stone he found at the beach. Aunt Lothíriel told us it was very special. I left it with a jeweller in Minas Tirith to be polished and set and Legolas has brought it here from the city. Shall we have a look at it?" The girls cheered. Elboron, conscious of his superior claims to dignity, merely nodded. Éowyn handed him the parcel and he gingerly undid the ribbon that kept the cloth in place. He lifted out the slim golden chain and let it dangle from his hand. In the firelight, there was only a faint hint of the stone's curious blue colour. The jeweller's craft had given the gem an almost perfect translucency. Éowyn braced herself, and then her heart leapt with delight when she saw that enclosed in the stone was no agonised creature but a flower, a sprig of sea lavender. "Look, Faramir!" she cried and held out the necklace to him. He took it and inspected it. Briefly, sorrow flickered over his face when he saw his mother's favourite flower Then he smiled. "It is beautiful," he said and passed it back to her. "It will suit you very well." Legolas leaned his face against the youngest child's head. His keen hearing picked up the pulse of her youthful cheer, robust and pure. Blue amber is a real gemstone, albeit very rare. It is found in the Dominican Republic.