the street towards the market place. Déoric made his way up the stairs, all sixty-seven steps. He greeted the guards and entered the Golden Hall. It was empty apart from a couple of maids who were busy taking down some of the tapestries for cleaning. The one they were currently removing bore the image of Eorl the Young. Déoric stopped and asked the women to let him have a look. They spread out the tapestry on the mosaic floor and he leaned forward to inspect it. He nodded. Yes, this was what had struck him about the picture, way back last year when he had first begun to think of creating images. The people who had made the banner, a group of genteel ladies a couple of hundred years ago, he imagined, had shown what they knew, not what they saw. The horses looked ill proportioned and off balance, because there was no foreshortening of their limbs, and the uniform colour of their fur made them appear flat and dull. This was the crucial thing that Déoric had learned about art; that things do not necessarily look like what people know them to be. While every single hair on a horse's body, if inspected individually, might be of the same colour, the whole body of the animal would be a pattern of lighter and darker hues, depending on how light and shadow played on the muscles. When it came to drawing, he trusted his eyes and not his brain. He entered the scribe's room only a little bit later than usual and was embarrassed to find the king there waiting for him. Éomer sat on the spare chair with his elbow casually leaning on Déoric's desk. "Good morning, my lord. I am very sorry I am late. I had my first ride this morning on Ivornel." Éomer waved his hand in a dismissive gesture at Déoric's apology. "I've been here but a minute or two, Déoric, and I've entertained myself well." He pointed to a pile of parchments on the desk next to him, which he had been browsing. "I see you have found a fair number of unusual stories already. Very good. Make sure you won't neglect your artwork, though." "I won't, my lord. I was sketching at the market place last week." "Yes, yes, I've seen the drawings. Your work is coming on nicely. And I'm also glad to hear you're back on a horse at last. How soon do you think you can be on your way? I'd like you to make your first tour into the country before the winter." "I will try my best, my lord. Maybe in three or four weeks I'll feel confident enough to ride out." "Good, good." In one smooth, vigorous movement, Éomer rose from his seat to let Déoric pass through to his own chair. Déoric expected him to leave then, but the king continued: "A rider came early this morning from Dol Amroth, bringing tidings of the princess." "I hope she is well." "Oh, yes, very well, very well," replied Éomer. "It seems, though, that you are more in favour with her than I am, for I only received a letter, but you have a letter and a parcel, too." He knelt down to pull a package out from under his chair and placed it on the desk in front of Déoric. From his tunic pocket he took a scroll and handed it to the scribe. Déoric, crimson in the face, broke the seal and unrolled it. He read: Dear Master Déoric, forgive me for my presumption in asking a favour of such a busy man as yourself. I am truly delighted with the drawing that you made on the occasion of my betrothal to King Éomer, but deep down in my heart I wish there was some colour in the picture. Call it a princess's vanity – I was very proud of my ruby red gown! So I hope you will not think me too demanding if I ask you to try painting with colours. I know there is less than a year from now till the wedding, but you are such a talented artist that I feel you will be able to master the skill sufficiently by then to render a passable image. For this purpose I am sending you a box of colour powders and other artist's gear, which have been supplied by Amarant, my father's court painter, together with instructions for their use by his hand. Be careful with the powders, since some of them are very poisonous! Please be so kind and generous to agree to my request. It would make the pleasure of choosing the fabric for my wedding gown all the sweeter, if I could know that you will immortalize it in a painting. I extend my sincere congratulations to you on the occasion of your own marriage. May you and your wife always be happy and prosperous. Finally, thank you very much for your latest portrait of the king. You have caught the twinkle in his eye just right this time. I remain with the best wishes for you and your family Lothíriel of Dol Amroth PS: I trust you are treating my horse with the devotion she deserves. Without a word, Déoric passed the letter to the king and undid the string and oilcloth with flying fingers. A minute later they were both able to survey the content of the parcel: Not only the box of colour powders, but a glazed ceramic palette, a bundle of brushes in different sizes and a large jar labelled "gesso". A rolled-up wad of parchments was covered in a neat, spidery hand. Déoric placed all these items on the desk carefully like an ancient treasure just unearthed. "Well then, Déoric, "said the king. "You'd better start practising." *The image of "sweetness and light" was first used by Jonathan Swift in "Battle of the Books" and made famous by Matthew Arnold in "Culture and Anarchy."