white Niphredil that grew upon Cerin Amroth where they had plighted their troth this day thirty nine years ago. He breathed in the scent that was her. He had always loved her scent, loved everything on her. Her raven hair, pale skin, sparkling eyes and would love even more what was now hidden by her shift. And now she was all his. She melted against him and the cup glided from her hand, forgotten. Ever so slowly her arms circled his waist and tugged at his shirt, freeing it from the confines of his trousers. With light fingers she pushed the soft material up his back, leaving goosebumps in their wake. She looked up at him with a firm expression as her hands gripped his shoulders, her nails digging into his flesh hard enough to make him wince. "Arwen," he breathed against her mouth, "Undómiel Telcontar." He felt himself tense as he fought his instincts from taking over. He was beginning to tread new terrain and the path between awkwardness and ferocity was not as broad as he had suspected. But he must not stray, must keep his footing for her and this special night. He only hoped that she would be lenient with him. As if on their own accord his hands buried themselves into her hair and pulled her even closer to him. She broke the kiss and sighed softly, an exquisite sound that broke the stillness. "You should remove that shirt lest the cider... stick to your chest." He took a deep breath and smiled at her as haughtily as he could manage. "I would not mind if you liberated me of it." She cocked her head to the side but did not loosen the grip on his shoulders. She smiled as if shy, then nodded. "If my lord wishes it, then it will be so." Her grip changed and she stood on tiptoes, pressing her exquisite body even tighter against him to pull the linen over his head. He lifted his arms and with a gentle tug the garment slid over his head and unto the floor. Arwen took a step back and looked at him curiously. She lifted a hand but halted it mid-air as if unsure if whatever she was going to do would be permitted. Or maybe she did not see what she had wished to? It was impossible to tell in the semi-darkness. She looked at him with huge eyes and opened her mouth. Aragorn felt his heart sink. She was disappointed. "What..?" For some endless seconds she just stood there, mouth agape, then she started to giggle."You have hair on your chest!" Aragorn looked down and felt a bark of relieved laughter escape him. Of course this would be strange for her. "So I do. And there I thought I looked repulsive to your eyes." "Oh! No, no! You are beautiful, strong and lean. It is only that I have never seen such a thing before and so it was a suprise. May I?" "Of course!" He took her hand and guided it towards his chest. He placed it over his heart and she giggled in response. "That tickles! And it is fascinating. Is this normal... for men?" A witty response came to him. "I can assure you that I am no abnormality." "I did not think so." She let his hand wander down his stomach, her delicate fingertips tracing small circles until she reached a scar on his abdomen. "You have not told me about this." He took her hand in both of his, trying to take her mind of his labourious past and back to her bedchamber. "It is an old wound that is long since healed. No need to concern yourself. Especially not tonight." "Not tonight," she confirmed, her voice only a whisper. "What will you do then tonight, my lord?" She was teasing him with her demeanor and shy smile that only barely succeeded to hide her grin. And oh how he loved it. He let go of her hand and held her face between his hands. "Maybe this." A kiss on her forehead, "or this," the tip of her nose, "or this," the corner of her mouth. He let his hands wander down to her shoulders, trying to puzzle out how her shift would open. One moment she stood in his arms, the next she had flown to the other side of the room. "For this my lord has to catch his prey, first," she called back to him. She knew as well as he that she was far too fast for him to catch her if she did not wish to be caught and so Aragorn wondered what she had planned. They had played the game before and she was the only one with whom it did not feel childish. But he suspected that this time the outcome would look somewhat different. He grinned at her and started to move cautiously. For a while they stalked each other, hunter and prey, waiting for the other to make some kind of movement, to lunge or to escape. At one point they had the huge bed between them, which gave Aragorn an idea. He used the fact that she could not see his feet, made as if to lunge to the right and let himself fall onto the rug with a cry. "Oh my," he heard Arwen exclaim and a moment later saw her appear at the foot of the bed. She hesitated a moment, then crouched next to him. "Are you well?" "I think..." in one smooth motion he rolled around, grabbed her and pinned her underneath him, "I caught you." "That is unfair," she cried but laughed at the same time. He brought his face close to hers, close enough to feel her rapid breath on his cheek. "Never forget that I learnt from the best. And I know my trade well." "That you do," she breathed and relaxed. "And now?" "And now to bed."