even wetter. Once he was sure Lindir was opened up enough and the younger elf was practically begging, little ' please 's and ' your cock, El, i'm ready, i'm ready ' leaving his soft looking lips in breathless whines, Elladan helped him flip over onto his back. Elladan' breath caught in his throat, all air leaving him for a moment as he stared at the breath taking elf beneath him - all swollen, slick spit lips and flushed, tear stained cheeks and pupil blown eyes. "So beautiful, kitten," he breathed, pecking Lindir's lips softly as he slicked his cock up in between them. Lindir let out a choked off noise and grasped Elladan' biceps, hips bucking up. " Please , El," he pleaded, voice breaking as his chest heaved. Elladan shushed him with sweet kisses and gentle touches before guiding his knees up to his chest. "Gonna take such good care of you," he assured, kissing his knee before sliding his hands down to the backs of his thighs as he began to slowly press inside of him, his panties pushed off to one side. Lindir's breath audibly hitched as soon as the head of Elladan' cock broke past the barrier of his rim, his own hands going up to the backs of his knees, holding them against his cheeks, nails digging into his soft flesh as his lips parted silently, face scrunching up in pleasure. Elladan wasn't sure what he was more captivated by - the feel of Lindir's tight, wet heat enveloping him as he slowly slid in inch by inch, or the way Lindir was reacting so beautifully to him, so expressive and open. Once Elladan was bottomed out, hips pressed flush to Lindir's arse, he stalled, remaining still as he gave Lindir time to adjust. While he was certain Lindir wouldn't mind if he just started moving immediately, he really didn't want him to be too sore in the morning. He watched Lindir's expression to signal when he could move, watched as it relaxed, slack with pleasure for a brief moment before scrunching up in irritation. His lip jutted out into a pretty pout, hips wiggling slightly with a little whine as he looked at Elladan. "Move, please." Elladan fought back a fond chuckle, hands tightening on the backs of Lindir's thighs before he was pulling back halfway and then snapping his hips forwarding, enjoying the sharp little gasp that left the elf beneath him. A little smirk tugged at one corner of his lips, and then he was abruptly fucking into Lindir fast and quick, just the way the elf liked. He made sure to stay away from his prostate, giving him what he liked but yet not enough. Lindir's body jerked a little with each thrust, little breathy whimpers leaving as his chest began to heave. Elladan' cock was sliding into him and filling him up so good, and it was making his head go fuzzy, his cock swollen and red from where it was pressed up against his panties. "E- El ," he whined, biting into his bottom lip hard enough to draw blood. He was on edge before Elladan had even slid inside of him, and he knew Elladan knew it too, knew that he wouldn't last very long once he was actually fucking him (he was only hundred as of today), which was surely why he was purposefully avoiding where Lindir needed him to go most. "P-please. Give it to me. Need to - need to come," he panted, the frustration clear in his voice and making his eyes burn with tears again, stomach tight and hot and cock throbbing. He had absolutely no problem coming without being touched, but not when Elladan wouldn't go near his prostate. Elladan leaned down over him better until their faces were close. "Yeah? Gonna come on my cock, kitten?" He breathed, eyes dark as he stared at him, sweat slick strands hanging down over his forehead as he shifted his hips just right, knowing Lindir's body like the back of his hand. He began to snap his hips forward, making Lindir cry out as he pounded against his prostate firmly, ignoring the way his thighs were burning because the way Lindir was chanting his name in pleasure was much more important. "Wanna feel you come around me, love. Come for me," he encouraged, panting from the exertion as he continued to pound into him quickly, making the headboard knock up against the wall. Lindir's whole body tensed up for a second before he was abruptly arching his back with a sudden cry, hands falling down to fist up in the sheets as he came all over his panties and up his belly, body twisting as Elladan' name left his lips brokenly. Elladan fucked him through it smoothly, movements only faltering for a second as Lindir's body first began to spasm around him, making him groan. He watched Lindir fall apart beneath him, and it only took a few more thrusts before he was spilling inside of him, his toes curling up as the younger elf's name left his lips, head thrown back and neck bared as his hips rolled forward lazily through it. He let himself lay down on top of Lindir then, not worrying about squashing him because he knew Lindir could handle it, and he knew how much the elf liked Elladan being so close. He didn't bother to pull out yet either because Lindir also liked it when Elladan stayed inside of him for a bit after and kept his come inside of him, which they didn't do very often because of how sensitive Elladan was after. But it was Lindir's birthday, so how could Elladan possibly deny him? Lindir was still trying to catch his breath, cheeks flushed and eyelashes wet as his eyes remained close, a happy, sated smile on his face. Elladan couldn't help but smile tiredly in return, eyes fond. "Happy Birthday, precious. I love you."