uselessly. He snorts. We sigh. Great. The day is now utterly ruined… just like the vase. Surely I can mend the vase, though? I hum to myself and turn away to another direction. Neyva follows close to my legs, her breath warming my back. We hasten to the gallery hall. But there, singing softly to herself, I find Luna – one of my companions, a fellow witch – mending the vase the Muggle way. "Hi, Dil," she greets me without looking up from her work. "Don't worry about this vase. I'll be able to mend it eventually." I swallow my words back to my throat. I cannot decide which is worse: knocking the precious vase incidentally or subjecting the poor thing as a huge, interesting puzzle to piece up by the excentric member of my company – whose notoriety has since long spread all over the valley. I give up in the end and stride away. Luna continues her work as if I were not there. Just outside the long corridor, I come face to face with the freshly-awakened peredhil twins who each bears a look of interested puzzlement. "What happened—" one asks. "—To the vase, actually?" the other finishes. I smile weakly. "Haven't Laurë told you?" I roll my eyes at them. Then, half-heartedly, I add, "Don't ask me. I won't repeat it." "Why so gloomy?" Elrohir, the more emotional of the two, queries in concern. "Not because of the vase, I hope? Ada has given up to the reality – not that he had a choice in the first place, I suppose," Elladan chimes in. I shake my head regretfully and pause, weighing the choices I have. Finally, however, I surrender and resolve to steer away the conversation from the topic of the vase. "Happy begetting-day, brothers. If compared to Men, you are twenty now," I say softly, then halte, breath held, waiting for their response. At first, there is none. Then, when they have processed the information, a broad smile spreads in the faces of each twin. They hug me in unison. "Thank you," they say and kiss me on the cheeks. "We even did not realise it until you told us!" "I and my friends prepared a small celebration for you, but it's ruined now," I confess lamely. "What? Ruined? Did the celebration have something to do with the vase?" Elrohir blurts incredulously. I burst out laughing despite the situation. Elladan knuckles his brother's temple playfully. But it is Elladan who speaks for us both. "Silly brother." We exit the gallery hall laughing, earning several weird looks and sidelong glances from the passing Elves. I explain to them my old plan and, to my pleasant surprise, they promptly help me make some adjustments to it. I should not be surprised, perhaps, given their vivacious nature when dealing with friends in a casual day… Aided by the Green Elves, my new friends, we manage to find a beautiful, startlingly pristine clearing just within the perimeter of the valley for our purpose. Late into the morning, I find myself trooping with my comrades and Elrond's family – including Erestor and Glorfindel, the honorary uncles of the lord's children – to the designated clearing. Little Aragast tails after us because there is no one in the Last Homely House who would take care of him for the day, but he is to spend an extra lesson of reading as a punishment while we are lazing around. The rest of the company spend the afternoon picknicking and frolicking among the trees and bushes. Some, like I do, venture a bit farther to the side to a small waterfall coming out of an underground spring. My new friends have chosen the spot well. They have even gone so far as to help us carry the picknick baskets! And we get a bonus from them – even after their great assistance – when they entertain us with soft music from their flutes or throats. I feel in debt to them. The thoughts of debt and how to pay it are pushed away once I settle down on a mossy boulder by the waterfall, though. Neyva lies down beside me on a bed of spring grass and takes a nap. Albeit, I am too enthralled by the beauty of the dainty mass of tumbling clear water to be tempted to rest. The dappled sunlight falling on the thick curtain of water makes it glitter and, sometimes, create dots of dancing rainbow. I take a mental note of this place and how to reach it, intending to come back as often as possible in the future. I can flee here when the problems become one too many, or… Who is watching me? I turn away from the tiny fall, my small smile dissolving into an equally-small frown. "Nethold." The frown moves back into a smile. Never have I welcomed the caller this happily. I should ask about his name, his family, his favourite pastimes… I shake my head. My smile grows. I beckon him with a hand gesture, my charcoal-coloured orbs sparkling. When he emerges from the shadows of the trees and comes into my full view, I find my smile and gleaming eyes mirrored by him. "Do you like this place?" he asks in a gentle tone, seeming to grow old and fatherly before my naked eyes. I give him a goofy grin. At least to me, it tells everything. Apparently, it conveys just as much to the Elf. We settle down together in a companionable silence, communing ourselves with the nature – he with the woods and I with the waterfall and stream. Dimly, I hear the other tree huggers singing and playing music; the voices and sounds filter through the branches and leaves. Conversations drone in the background, cut at times by peals of laughter or exclamations of surprise and mock annoyance. It is as I wanted. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Author's blabbering: Good? Bad? Stuffy? Too fluffy? *look around* *duck under the desk*