needed rest, a break from the endless battle they fought. The people of Bree and the Shire considered themselves safe, but they would never know the cost. Anger welled up in you, for Aragorn's near heroic deads that went unnoticed. Few outside the Dunedain knew of Aragorn, son of Arathron, and that angered you. You stamped on the anger, though. Now was not the time. You rode in silence for most of the trip. It was about four hours away on horse, a long trip with weary men. The men began to catch Aragorn's mood, as often happened on these trips, and fell silent. The only sounds to be heard were the steady hoof beats of horses and the sounds of owls and night creatures. The sun had fallen an hour ago, and darkness veiled the faces of the party. You didn't dare speak, the weight of silence on your ears. Eventually you reached the campsite. It was a temporary camp, and the men who lived here could dismantle it and have it ready to leave in about an hour. There were two cook fires lit, and no more were needed. There were only about forty men in the camp at present, inculding the people in your party. The number dwindled whenever you lost a man, and there were so few Dunedain men, or women, coming to follow the path of their anscetors. Most believed there was finally peace in the world, and went to settle in the West. But there was still things to defend, still Orcs that threatened, and that was all the encouragement you needed. You dismounted and set about untacking Celam. You ended up having to push the saddle to the ground to get it off, not being able to support the weight. The rest of the tack came off easily enough, and you stored it away next to Celam on the horse lines that had been set up. You looked around for Aragorn, to say goodnight before you fell asleep on your feet, but you didn't see him. So you set of to your tent, body crying out for rest. As you pulled the flap of your tent open, you felt a hand on your shoulder. You straightened and turned to see Aragorn. He had stripped off his armor and stood in a simple tunic and breeches. The moonlight shone down on him, accenting every curve of his face. You gave him a warm smile and placed your hands on his chest. He leaned into you to kiss you, lips meeting yours wordlessly. You could taste the faint hint of blood from the earlier battle, the sweat. He broke away and stroked your shoulders. You shuddered at the simple touch, skin shivering in the warm night. He gave a small smile. Aragorn reached out and fingered the necklace he had given you. He had wisely put it on a long chain. You would be able to wear it at all times, even in battle. Even though he smiled, you could still see the sadness hanging in his eyes. "Not going to eat? Rhivnan set aside some food for the party." His hands traveled from the necklace back to your shoulders, his hands tender and warm. You clasped your hand over your mouth to stifle a yawn. "Aragorn, I am exhausted . I'll eat in the morning." He gave a chuckle and kissed your forehead. "Good night then, meleth." "Good night, Aragorn." You smiled as he turned and walked over to the cook fires, no doubt to eat in silence away from the others. You sighed and slipped inside your tent. The familiar interior was neat and organized, as you liked it. Your bedroll was laid out to the left, your one chest of clothes to the right. Sword oil, whetstones, and leather supplies were strewn about after your hurried departure yesterday morning. It would be good to sleep in an actual bedroll as opposed to the hard ground with your saddle as a pillow. You stripped off your light leather, tossing it unceremoniously into the corner. It was a fine piece of light armor, of Elvish make. You had had it made by an old friend of yours, since you could find anything already made that would fit you. You would have to bring it back to him to mend, since it had a hole in the shoulder where the arrow had pierced you. There was light a light blood stain around the hole from when Aragorn pulled it shouldergaurds that were attached were tailored for you smaller shoulders. The bracers he had made for you were small enough for your wrists, but lined with hard steel chain mail. You threw those to the corner as well. You stripped off the light wool tunic you wore underneath, making quick work of the worn ties at the throat. You left the sleeveless undershirt on, since you never knew when a man would have to run in to wake you up. That had happened, once, and you had no desire for it to happen a second time. You left your light brown breeches on, they would be fine to sleep in. Your thoughts slowed as you laid down to bed, pulling your blanket over you. All you could think of was Aragorn, his soft lips and warm hands. The thought of your upcoming marriage. Hopes of a life together, though you knew the wars would follow you always. You had chosen the life of the sword, the wars would never leave you. But you would face them down the horrors with him, and you could be strong for him. As you knew he was strong for you. He was the rightful king of Gondor, and the weight of the crown would only bring him down. If you could give him something to fight for, something to stand for, you would do so gladly. Eventually you drifted off to sleep, thoughts of the future lulling you to sleep.