you to do. Let us just sit here." He led her to a couch and sat next to her. But words would not come. Arwen took his hands and squeezed them. "You wanted to say goodbye?" "Yes, and no." He stammered a bit and sighed. "I wanted to apologize, I should not have confronted you the way I did. It was not fair." "It was not your fault, Aragorn. You are young yet and know not much of the world. I am sorry that I hurt you, but I cannot return your feelings." She bowed her head, then looked at him again. "At least not yet." She gave a start when she realized what she had said. At least not yet? Is there hope? If I but knew her thoughts. "But I will give you my friendship, if you want it." "I would gladly have it, as well as your blessings, lady." "And gladly will I give them." She kissed him on the cheek, then embraced him. "I will leave you to your packing then." Aragorn leaned back and watched her retreating form. At his feet stood two small chests and various packs, waiting to be carried outside. This was all the packhorse would be able to carry, and he had packed with consideration. The result was a mix of clothes, weapons, healing supplies, favourite books, and other personal items he could not part with. On top of everything lay the shards of Narsil. Aragorn hesitated to leave the room that had been his for as long as he could remember. He sighed, crossed the floor and sat on the bed. Somehow, it felt strange to pack his things and know that he was not coming back in a week or two, or even in a month. His home was here no longer, and he had packed to start a new life. He hugged the pillow and buried is face in its softness, breathing in and out slowly. It would not serve anything if he cried now. A light weight settled next to him on the mattress and Gilraen's hand caressed his head. " Goro amdir, ion-nin, iston bellithach, have faith, you will be strong," She repeated the elvish words and pressed him against her breast. Aragorn groaned. "Naneth, I am no longer a little boy! I have no need of this." He complained, but held still none the less. "But maybe I have. You will always be my little boy, no matter how old you are." They sat for a while, Gilraen humming the melody of a song that she used to sing to her little son. Then she straightened herself and pushed him in a sitting position. " Garo estel . It is time. My uncle is ready to leave, now say goodbye to me and make your farewells to the other." She kissed the top of his head. "I will miss you very much, Aragorn. Go with my blessing." "I will miss you as well, naneth. I will try to come back when I may." Standing up together, Gilraen smoothed back the hair that had fallen in her son's eyes. "Go now, they are waiting." Aragorn took the pack he usually used for traveling and slung it over his shoulder, leaving the rest to be taken out by the members of the house. They were all outside in the courtyard to see him off. Suddenly Aragorn felt a stab of pain in his heart at the sight. Who knew when he would see them again, or if he would ever come back to the Valley. A part of him wished he could stay, but that door was now closed to him. All that lay ahead was the unknown road. Elrond stepped forth, and embraced him warmly. "We have said all there is to say. I know that you are prepared for your new life and I am proud of you, my son, for that you will be to me always, no matter your real parentage. Remember that home is where the heart lies and that you will always be welcome in this house. I love you, Aragorn." With that, the two parted and Aragorn received numerous embraces or clasps from the inhabitants of the valley. Arwen was there as well, and she held a package in her hands which she gave him. "What is in there?" Aragorn asked curiously. Arwen smiled at him. "Something for the road. You told me once it was your favourite sweet." He thanked her and kissed her hand. Elladan and Elrohir were the last of Elrond's household to approach him and when Aragorn noticed that they were attired for riding, he knew what was coming. "You know that if you want us to come with you, we will." Elrohir proposed. For a moment Aragorn was tempted to accept their offer, but then he steeled himself for what he knew was the right thing. Laying a hand on both their shoulders, he said softly, "At any other time, my brothers, I would gladly take you with me, but I have to do this alone. This is my journey to face on my own." He gave each of them a brief hug before pulling back. Gilraen stood with her kinsmen and was the last he had to say his farewells to. He took her into his arms, and they stood for a while. "Take care, my son. And do not forget to visit your mother, yes? Oh, how I will miss you, Aragorn." They pulled back, and she gave him a kiss on the forehead in blessing. Aragorn walked with the other Dúnedain to their horses. Once mounted, Baragund took the lead-line of the packhorse. With the pressure of legs on horse-flanks, they started to move, Aragorn forcing himself not to look back. To be continued ---- A bit of Sindarin: pen fileg: little bird thoron: eagle Garo amdir, ion-nin, iston bellithach: have faith, my son, you will be strong Garo estel: have hope