stairwell. "Orcin!" he shouted in panic, "They're about to break in!" He dashed down the fourth floor stairs and landed on the third floor, racing for the next set, "Pull your warriors back before-!" A great crack echoed throughout the tower followed by a mighty thud and the vicious snarls of Orcs. Legolas leapt down the next flight of stairs, intent on making it to the entrance hall and helping his soldiers to drive off the enemy. The sounds of Orc scimitars cleaving Elven flesh filled his ears and shouts of pain and death echoed up into the tower and Legolas knew that the last of his comrades was dead. Fury and sorrow battled within him and for a long moment he was tempted to race down the stairs and avenge all of his fallen troops, to slay every last Orc in the tower. Reason fought off his rage and he calmed, knowing that he would never be able to prevail against the sheer number of enemies that he was facing. Not even his father, King Thranduil who was renowned as the greatest warrior in Mirkwood would be able to achieve victory over the sheer number of foes arrayed against him. Duty crept to the forefront of the Prince's mind and he knew that the only service he could render to his kingdom and his people now would be to flee and bring word of the Necromancer's assault to his father, so that an army of Wood-Elves could be mustered to send the foul servants of the Necromancer fleeing back to Dol Guldur. With that in mind, Legolas prepared to race towards a window, intending to climb down the vine-strangled walls and escape from the besieged fortress unseen. Even as he was dashing towards the nearest window, he heard a low cry of pain emanate from the upper levels of the tower and he suddenly remembered Kielen who was still trying to tend to poor Brene. Abandoning his escape attempt, Legolas ran back up the rugged stone stairs, taking them two at a time until he arrived on the fourth floor. Bursting into the infirmary, Legolas seized Kielen quickly, pulling the young Elf to his feet. "Ready Brene for travel, Kielen," the Prince shouted, "The Orcs have broken into the tower and we must flee for our lives!" Kielen stared up at his Prince in shock, "My Lord Legolas, Brene is no condition to travel." The fallen warrior groaned from his sickbed, beads of sweat running down the Elf's brow, his pallor a sickly pale colour. Appraising the poisoned soldier with practiced eyes, Legolas looked closely and he knew that his comrade would not last the night, whether they took him with them or not. Steeling himself for the difficult choice that lay ahead, Legolas looked Kielen directly in the eye. "Gather your weapons and go to the window," he commanded, "We must leave now or join our friends in the Hall of Mandos." Kielen's innocent green eyes filled with confusion, "But…Brene," he stammered, "What will you do?" Legolas's hand closed on the hilt of one of his silver knives, "What I have to," he said in a steely tone. When Kielen looked horrified, Legolas felt the need to offer an explanation. "These Orcs serve the Necromancer of Dol Guldur, and for any living being to fall into his foul clutches is a fate far worse than death." Kielen still did not look convinced, but Legolas could hear heavy footfalls on the granite stairway and knew that they were out of time. "Go to the window and start climbing down," Legolas commanded, "Once you hit the ground, run into the forest and head for the halls of the King. I will be right behind you." Kielen hesitated, his eyes darting to Brene, compassion shining in his bright green orbs. "Obey your Prince!" Legolas shouted, and Kielen complied, snatching up his bow and running towards the window. As the younger Elf was climbing over the windowsill, Legolas looked down on the dying Elf. "Forgive me, Brene," Legolas said quietly. Brene moaned in pain and twitched on the sickbed, clearly in agony. Reaching out with one hand to grasp Brene's spasming hand, Legolas gripped his comrades hand tightly in a comforting gesture and with his other hand, he withdrew one of his shining silver daggers. Holding it over his friend, Legolas whispered a prayer to Mandos and then brought the blade down on Brene's dying from, slitting his throat cleanly with a single stroke. A gout of crimson blood spurted from the Elf's carotid and Legolas squeezed the dying Elf's hand one last time before releasing it and sheathing his knife. Brene gave a final jerk and then lay still, blood pouring from his wound and light fading from his eyes. Legolas felt sick at the mercy stroke he had been forced to deliver but he had no time to dwell on his nausea. The footsteps grew closer and with a great leap Legolas reached the window and nimbly climbed out of it, grabbing the thorny vines on the exterior of the tower. Using the vines as supports, the Prince of Mirkwood descended to the forest floor swiftly. Above him, he heard the shouts of surprise from the Orcs, but he ignored them and covered the last few meters to the forest floor with ease. Landing on his feet, Legolas crouched low and crept into the underbrush quickly, his keen eye spotting Kielen waiting in the cover of the trees. Stepping lightly across the clearing, Legolas made it into the safety of the forest without incident. Turning to take one last look at the Tower of Serien, Legolas saw a half-dozen spiders crawling over the summit of the fortress and heard the victorious cries of Orcs filling the night. Gritting his teeth in anger, the Elven-Prince turned away and hurried into the forest, making for the safety of the King's Halls as the Tower of Serien was captured for the second time.