a more humorous tone, he adds, "Let us see whose ship is faster." "It is not fair. Your ship iss burdened by the carving while mine is not," Legolas points out even while he is crouching, ready to carry out Erin's suggestion. Erin himself only laughs, grinning enigmatically in the meantime, and follows his movement. Legolas gapes when the ships are finally let loose to journey down the small stream. The two of them ride the current side by side, just like when they have firstly set out. Erin would not give a reason why when, curious and not a little impressed, the Silvan asks about it. The youth escapes possible pestering by following the trip of the ships by way of the narrow embankment. Having no other choice, Legolas trails after him. But while Erin slips rather easily by the bushes and under the low branches, Legolas has to struggle against those obstacles, not wanting to leave his pack of all the worldly belongings he has behind. The silence that ensues gives the Silvan ample room to himself. And just like other times since he has met Erin on the western gate of Tirion, his thoughts wander back across the Sundering Sea to the land of his birth, where he has been raised, made friends, and lost them subsequently. His mind traces his life since his Elflinghood to the present. But unlike before, there is no bitterness in his heart. Somehow he feels as though he has released his burdens and placed them within his little vessel now bobbing nearly-parallel to him. If he stretches his imagination, the constructions of leaves and twigs would look like horses racing across the plains of Rohan, Aragorns and his when they were in pursuit of the kidnapped Merry and Pippin the hobbits all those years ago. It could still be vessels too, but canoes rather than ships, paddled each by him and his siblings across a lake deep in Northern Greenwoods in a merry race against each other. Ah… His eldest brother did something to the canoe he and Legolas were in back then. Can the trick be applied now? Legolas haltes and stoops down carefully over the water, reaching for the side of his vessel. He straightens up instantly, before his plan could be realised, when he hears Erin chuckling. Not quite meeting the latter's eyes, he grins sheepishly. The younger ellon does not comment on his thwarted action, though. Rather, he informs his to-be guest that they had been better come inside his house now since the day is old and Legolas must be tired. Only then Legolas realises that they are now in an open area, and very close to the edge of the garden too. "Where is your house?" hiding his unease at his own distracted state, the Silvan asks. "It is the building we visited this morning," Erin replies simply. Leggolas looks flabbergasted; he would laugh at himself now if he saw how comical his face appears. "With whom do you reside there?" Legolas, against his knowledge of manners, croaks out. Erin smiles, amused, but he pauses before at last opines, "I live with my extended family there. Come, I will have you see my great-grandfather Finwë first, then I will show you to your chambers and—" "Who is there?" Legolas hisses. Someone has just stepped on a twigg nearby, but the person is obscured by the stand of trees behind them. The two Ellyn do not have to wait for long. Another ellon, dressed as casually as Erin but also with an air of dignity and nnobility, pads out of the cover. "It is not wise to startle a Green Elf, so I gave you a warning of my coming," he announces with a grin – dangerously close to being a smirk. "I am Fingon son of Finggolfin. Welcome to Tirion, Legolas son of Thranduil. I hope my son has not bothered you too much. He has been waiting to make a good friend for long." Legolas opens and closes his mouth like a stranded fish. His head feels light all of a sudden. Then blackness consumes him, and he knows no more. "Ada…" Erin whines half-heartedly even while he is catching the Silvan's limp form before it could hit the firm ground. "I did not give him the whole truth because of this. Now you ruined my effort, and my plan of telling him bit by bit too." Fingon just laughs. "Come along now, Ereinion. Tyelcormo is waiting for you. You forgot that you promised to ride with him today in your excitement on Olórin'ss criptic news." He takes the unconscious Legolas from his son, then strides across the patch of grass to the road. Ereinion tails him with Legolas' pack slung over his shoulders, muttering something suspiciously like "Flashy and dramatic" under his breath. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Additional Notes: I made Legolas' reactions as close to a sensse of reality as possible. Truth be told, I intended to mention the writing on the carving in Sindarin; but sadly (and shamefully), I do not know what is Sindarin for "for". Well, and while we are on the subject of language too… I made Ereinion call his father "Ada", not "Atto", because he was raised in Middle-Earth, where Quenya was banned in most places back then in the First Age. I used "Silvan" more often than "Silvan Elf" because I figured out that, in a community of Elves, the second word would be hardly needed. I did not refer to Legolas as being an Elf-prince because his title would not matter much in Aman. The Elves refusing the summons of the Valar some time after their awakening are called by many names. Firstly they are called the Avari (the Refusers), then the Nandor (the back-turners), the Moriquendi (the Elves of Darkness), and lastly the Laiquendi (the Green Elves), before the 'Englishised' terms like Silvaan Elves and Wood-Elves we find in the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings.