were constantly surveying the lecherous men around them. "Raina, may I ask you a question?" Sam posed feeling a blush crawl up his cheeks as the elf grinned at him. "Why certainly, what is that you would like to know?" Raina asked watching as Sam gazed at the other hobbits around the table before looking at her. "Why is it that an elf of such beauty would travel around the wild like a ranger?" He replied in a hushed tone as Raina eyes changed to a beautiful hazel color. "My story is not one filled with gaiety. I was taken from my home and held prisoner. Unspeakable acts were committed against me till I was rescued. I have not looked back since then." She said wiping the tears from her eyes. Silence washed over the table as none of the hobbits knew how to respond to that. Raina, on the other hand, knew that she had gone way too far and probably freaked them out. Though she had to admit it was nice to kind of get that off her chest. A set of arms grabbed her attention as she gazed to find Sam pulling her into an embrace. "It is a cruel world where a beautiful elf such as you would be submitted to such treatment." He murmured causing fresh tears to pool in Raina's eyes. These hobbits really were too adorable for their own good. A melodious giggle escaped her lips as three other sets of arms wrapped around her. "By all that is good in this world, I promise to not let a thing harm you my lady." Merry said with a warm smile. Raina reached over and patted his cheek sweetly. "You are too sweet for your own good. I promise to aid you my new little friends as much as I possibly can." Raina replied. "Here, here. I say we drink to that." Pippin murmured watching as Merry took his newly acquired pint of ale in his hands. "What's that?" Pippin questioned eyes as wide as saucers while Raina rolled her eyes playfully. These Halflings sure enjoyed their ale. "This, my friend is a pint." Merry replied with a grin that stretched from ear to ear as he sat across from Raina. "It comes in pints? I'm getting one." Pippin cried getting up from the bar with a spring in his step. Merry was not far behind muttering something about needing a refill. "You've had a whole half already." Sam muttered futilely trying to keep the two hobbits in line. "I think that they will see that as reason to drink more." Frodo replied grinning softly as his distant cousins' behavior. Though his thoughts had been plagued by the ring, he could not help but gaze at their unexpected companion. It was obvious from her earlier, the horrors that Raina endured during her captivity were inexplicable. Yet the she-elf seemed so kind and gentle despite it all. Feeling an impenetrable gaze upon him, Frodo gazed about the bar trying to find it in the crowd. It did not take very long for him to locate it. His large blue eyes locked with a pair of clouded hazel ones in the corner. The stranger was covered primarily in darkness yet the intensity of his gaze drilled through him. Ultimately Frodo felt compelled to break their stare, feeling rather uncomfortable. Much to his relief, Raina had moved closer to his side as did Sam. "That fellow's done nothin' but stare at you since we arrived." Sam whispered stealing a quick look at the man before avoiding his gaze. Raina however was not one to shy away from such things. Her keen eyes locked eyes with the stranger in an instant as she laid a supportive hand upon Frodo's shoulder. Hazel eyes illuminated by the pipe hanging lazily from the man's lips gazed back at her. An air of mystery washed over as did a sense of familiarity. She felt as if she had gazed upon this man before. Her attention however was drawn by the inn keeper who was filling Sam and Frodo on the man's identity. "He's one of them rangers. Dangerous folk they are, wandering the wilds. What his right name is I've never heard, but around here, he's known as Strider." The innkeeper said before attending to another customer. Raina's ears perked up at the mention of the name but had to put that aside as she saw Frodo slip into a trance. "Frodo." She called snapping her fingers before his face awaiting a reaction. Closing her eyes, Raina allowed her strongest sense to take over. It did not take long for her to hear Pippin's high pitched voice in the mumbles of the bar. "Baggins?! He's my second cousin, once removed on his mother's side and my third cousin twice removed on his father's side, it you follow me." Identity was one of the most important things one had in Middle Earth and therefore it had to be guarded with the utmost of defenses. If this burden that Frodo carried was of great importance, Pippin could have just put him at risk. Raina's eyes flew wide open as she saw Frodo's backside rushing to trying to quiet the inebriated hobbit. She and Sam exchanged nervous glances before taking off behind him. A gasp escaped her full lips, watching as Frodo tripped a few feet before reaching Pippin. Her eyes nearly bulged from their sockets watching the one ring of Sauron fly from the hobbit's grasp. The golden ring sparkled in the dinging light of the inn before falling on to his finger prompting the hobbit to disappear before her very eyes. What in Aulë's name was going on? A/N: Hey guys! So I figured that third time would hopefully be the charm when it came to this story. I figured I'd simplify her history a little bit. It opens up a little mystery and gives me a chance to work! : ) Enjoy