glitter. Liv stood by the window looking towards the shore. There were no yellow tents now and the banks were fully clad in the green of new foliage. Soon they would cut fresh twigs of birch to deck the maypoles in the villages all along the Western shore, and she would go, she would once more have reason to go ashore and Father would surely let her. And she would wear her olive silk that made her hair shine like a polished hazelnut and who knows…? No, silly Liv, don't indulge in such delusions! It had been nothing but a strange chance and the whim of a powerful immortal. She did not even like him, not as such, he daunted her too much and his mien was so commanding. His eyes were beautiful, true enough, but she could not bear their gaze without much effort. No, she did not like him, not as such. Perhaps, though, he would happen to drop in on the May dances, just as he had dropped in on the spring fair, and he would see her in the olive silk of his choosing, of his giving (as she could not help admitting to herself), and then, and then – There was a commotion at the front of the house, which looked eastwards; she couldn't see the street from her window. She heard voices and then the servants rushing to the door. Moments later, Tarin burst into the room, panting. "Quick, Miss Liv, your father says you have to come downstairs as soon as you can!" "What is the matter? I am not yet dressed." "We'll get you dressed with haste then, Miss Liv. Here, take the olive silk." "My best gown! What is the matter, Tarin, who has come?" "I don't know. I wasn't at the door and your father did not say, but it's someone mighty fine, and you're to be down quick, and looking your best." "Braid my hair in a crown then." "No time, no time, we'll just brush it." And so Liv was turned out in haste in olive and copper and amber and with her chestnut hair flowing down her shoulders, silk on silk. She ran down the stair not daring to guess what the matter might be, and there in the hall stood her father and held his arms out towards her. "Do not be startled, Liv, my love, I'm sure all will be well, but I am startled myself. This is so unexpected. I don't quite know how to tell you, since I'm sure you have not the faintest idea, in short…" He grasped her hands. "Liv, my child, how would you like to become a queen?" The shock nearly knocked her over. It could not be. Such things did not happen, not outside stories. Yes, stories, like the one about the King down in Gondor and his Elven wife, but not here, not for real. It could not be true, and for all her idle fancies she did not really want it to be true, for she feared him as much as she craved him, his forbidding eyes, his boundless superiority, and she knew she could not, would not - "Father," she whispered. "Father...?" "I know this is a surprise, Liv. It is a surprise for me, too. But it is true enough. In the next room, right as we are speaking here, awaits King Bard of Dale and he has asked me for your hand in marriage." Liv felt she ought to have been speechless, but instead her tongue ran ahead of her mind. "King Bard ? King Bard of Dale ? But I've never met him in my life!" "This is not strictly speaking necessary, my dear," said her father gently. "We are a family of high repute and he says you have been recommended to him." "By whom?" she said but even as the words left her mouth she knew the answer. "By a mutual friend, he says," replied her father, "though I cannot imagine which friend of ours would be a friend of his." "But they say...they say he is still mourning the -" "It would seem that he has taken off his mourning robes. He is clad all in green today. Now, my dear child, will you go and speak to him? I will let you make up your own mind, but I will say this, I feel you should make it up soon. A king mustn't be kept waiting too long." "But, Father, if I go to see him, will that be taken as consent?" "Only as your consent to hearing his proposal. Your answer is all your own." "How can I choose so quickly?" "You have your wits about you. Make use of them." He pulled her into a hurried embrace, then he ushered her towards the door. "Go in," he said, "and say what you will. I shall not blame you one way or another." Her hand did not tremble when she reached for the handle, not as it would have if it had been the other king in there. Nevertheless she could feel the anxious gallop of her heart. It was a large room, the best in the house with carved and painted rosettes on the ceiling, with tapestries on the walls and polished oaken furniture. If anything, she had expected him to sit on the bench by the window, the one upholstered with amber brocade. But he stood right in front of her as soon as she came in, not two yards away, tall, upright, with short black hair and a neatly trimmed beard. She lifted her head and looked right into his eyes. They were green, but a different green, softer, less like emeralds and more like olives. It was as if she could see herself reflected in those eyes, her hair shining like a polished hazelnut. "Sire," she said and curtseyed. The olive silk made a rustle barely loud enough to be heard. The End