did he manage to read her thoughts so easily? Were they written so clearly on her face? "You are wrong, Faramir. It was a great deed, and deserves to be remembered as such." "But I had no inclination to do otherwise. If I had, and I had refused the Ring regardless, then perhaps it might have been worthy of your praise." "If you had no inclination, then you are an extraordinary man, Faramir, and I am glad that, tomorrow, I will have the honor of calling you my husband." There was a companionable silence. "My fair lady, it will be too dark for your liking soon, and we must be back or your brother will flog me for treating you so." There was a hint of amusement in his grey eyes. She silently took the hand he offered, though once she would have scorned such chivalry, and they followed the twisting passageway and winding paths out into the woods where Éowyn felt she could breathe freely again. Now, the moonlight touched the surface of all the plants and the ground, gilding everything with silver. They walked in silence, for though Éowyn rather burned to exclaim once more over the beauty of Ithilien, now seen in the cool night light, Faramir was clearly deep in thought. Finally, she could bear it no longer. "The stars shine brightly tonight," she commented noncommittally, giving him a sidelong glance. "Yes, they do," he murmured, not even sparing a fleeting look at the stars which had indeed been sprinkled by a liberal hand that night. He cleared his throat, as if he had come to a decision. "Éowyn, I must ask you something." She frowned. "What is it, Faramir?" "What think you of Ithilien?" What thought she of Ithilien? No words could do justice to her opinion. "It is a restful place, one of extraordinary beauty and hidden secrets," she finally said, truthfully. "Do you… do you believe you could come to love it?" His voice was hesitant, though the expression on his face was unreadable. "I love it already," she answered earnestly. Faramir still hesitated. "And… would you enjoy being Princess of Ithilien?" She stopped, confused. What on earth did he mean? Would she enjoy being his wife? Surely he already knew the answer? "I mean to say," he continued, hurriedly, his words suddenly tumbling out in a rush, "would you pine for Rohan, if you lived here? Would you tire of Ithilien, fair though it may be, and wish to return home, one day?" She almost laughed. Was that what was causing him such distress? That she might fall victim to homesickness? Surely his fears were unfounded—why, she had done nothing but praise Ithilien! And though she loved Rohan, always she had dreamed of places far beyond, places of adventure, places to relieve the monotony of flat plains... The wind blew, and she pulled her garment closer around her. As she touched the mantle's silky surface, and brushed against an embroidered silver star, she realized. Of course. Finduilas. How could she have forgotten? Faramir must have been thinking of her… the poor, sweet mother he would never have the chance to see again, who had sung songs of the sea to her children while surrounded by those cold, hard walls, her back turned to the horror of the East, her grey eyes fixed longingly on the South. She checked her laughter immediately. "Faramir, if I did not love you already, I would have to pretend to do so; for now, having seen it, I would stop at nothing to make Ithilien my home. Oh, but Faramir," she said with a sudden sweet seriousness, "I do love you, and even were you Prince of a dark abandoned hole and lord of brigands, still I would go and live with you happily, and think only sometimes of the plains of Rohan, and never longingly." And to emphasize her point, she stood on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek. His eyes shone. "I can think of no fitting answer, save that tomorrow cannot arrive as soon as I would wish it to." "We must be patient—but tomorrow will be the end of all our waiting, and the true start of a new life and beginning," she said, trustingly. And she knew it to be true, too. Back to where their horses stood tethered they walked, arm in arm, king and queen of the woods. "… fronds pierced moss and mould, larches were green-fingered, small flowers were opening in the turf, birds were singing. Ithilien, the garden of Gondor now desolate kept still a disheveled dryad of loveliness." -"Of Herbs and Stewed Rabbit", The Two Towers A/N: Valacar and his son, Eldacar, are both mentioned in Appendix A, underneath Gondor and the Heirs of Anárion. Valacar did indeed marry a Northerner, thus angering several of the Gondorrim (many of whom were his own kin) and causing the Kin-Strife, though it took place during Eldacar's time. The basin was the same one Frodo, Sam, and Gollum stopped at during their journey through Ithilien. I linked Valacar and the basin, and VAVOOM, we had a story. :D I believe the story is entirely possible, though it isn't canon. Also, it is not specifically stated that Eldacar married a Northerner too, but I quote: "After the return of Eldacar the blood of the kingly house and other houses of the Dúnedain became more mingled with that of lesser Men." Eldacar lived to celebrate his 235th birthday. The Window of the Sunset, of course, is straight from the book, also from Frodo and Sam's experience in Ithilien. When Éowyn ponders on her choice regarding the Ring, she is assuming the Ring comes to her during her darkest hours, when Théoden still did nothing and listened to his treacherous counsellor, when Eomer was forever riding out on raids she wished she herself could go on, when she still "loved" Aragorn. So... that's done. Thanks for reading! A review would be lovely. :)