that the two—such a normal, happy, simple couple—could have such a beautiful love story. "That was wonderful, Erthor," he found himself saying, sincerely. Cellin shook her head. "It was a great risk marrying him, but I, too, had loved him since I first laid eyes on him. I lived at the castle while he built this house, in the exact spot where we first met." Éomer found his awe increasing with each word they spoke. And they lived so simply, so ordinarily! No one would suspect. "What, no words from the great lady herself?" teased Erthor, gently nudging Lothíriel. Lothíriel shook her head, apparently dazed. -:- The weather was cool, the hour was not very late, and the stars had come out to play. Éomer invited Lothíriel to take a stroll along the beach before retiring to the Prince's castle. Lothíriel had assented, and they now walked in silence, watching the water wash upon the sand. Lothíriel finally broke the silence. "I never knew," she said wonderingly. "I have known Cellin and her family since infancy, and still, I never knew…" Éomer bit his lip. The story had affected him, too. It had planted an idea in his head that refused to go away, no matter how hard he tried, no matter how many valid arguments he attempted to present it with. They took a great risk. It was unrealistic. He is lucky that he was so blessed, now with a beautiful wife and a beautiful daughter… A daughter… And children to come… And suddenly, in his mind's eye, he saw raven-haired children with bright blue eyes playing in the grass, and golden-haired, grey-eyed boys riding among the plains of Rohan. And by his side was a lovely woman with eyes of the sea… Being a king, one must the put his own land's best interests into consideration as well. It is much less difficult for a simple fisherman! Lucky Erthor, who had to think of nothing but true love. True love? Is that what this is, then? "Éomer? Is something wrong?" A concerned voice cut through his turmoil. Startled, he looked up into Lothíriel's worried face and knew, all of a sudden, what Erthor meant when he said that, seeing her, he felt himself as much in love with her as ever. And with that, he made a decision. "No, of course not. I was… I just… I was… admiring the view. The sea is lovely tonight." If he could only find the courage to actually speak truthfully, instead of stammer like a complete idiot. Of course the sea was lovely tonight—it was breathtaking whenever he looked at it. She completely intimidated him in a way no orc could. Lothíriel had knelt on the sand and picked up a beautifully patterned shell, thoughtfully turning it over. "I love everything about the sea," she said, quietly. He knelt beside her, looking curiously at the object in her hands, still unable to speak properly. "It's a seashell," she explained, smiling, but in the same soft voice. "You put it to your ear to hear the sea." Éomer tried to marshal his scattered wits and form a coherent response. He traced the intricate patterns, trying to marvel at nature's design, but altogether too lost to another design of nature's by his side to appreciate it fully. "It's beautiful," he murmured, handing it back, but not thinking so much of the shell. She continued to gaze wistfully at the object, tracing the swirling patterns. He stood up once more, and saw her in a way that, he knew, would be forever imprinted in his mind—kneeling on the sand, waves lapping near her prone figure, her hair blown out of its twist by the sea-wind, a sweet, pensive look on her face as she contemplated the seashell. It would be a picture he would keep forever—but he wanted more than a mere memory. He turned away. "Lothíriel," he began, his back still turned—but his voice was raspy and came out instead in a strange grunt. He wondered if she had heard him. She hadn't. She was speaking now, still in that quiet voice, but the words sounded hesitant, somehow. "The sea has always had my heart in its keeping…" Éomer tried to clear his throat, knowing that he had to tell her now, before the moment was gone. "But now—" her voice was so soft that he had to strain to hear it "—my heart belongs to another." He felt his heart hammering as he turned back to look at her. He knelt again, nearer to her motionless figure. Her eyes were glimmering. She wordlessly placed the shell in his hands. A thousand words and thoughts exploded in his mind—he couldn't breathe properly, much less speak—he encased her in a tender embrace instead. They stayed that way for a while, and when they finally broke apart, he fervently took in her glowing face, and out tumbled the words he had wanted to say all along. "Lothíriel, I love you. I love you now and will love you forever, and even beyond that if it were possible… You've captured me with your smile, your voice, every small gesture that you do, and more than that, everything about you, and if it were possible to die of love and happiness, I would do it now—" She put a finger to his lips and laughed joyously. -:- Faervel was awake, waiting for Lothíriel, when her charge finally tripped into the room, humming. The girl's cheeks were rosy, and a dreamy smile was on her face. "Did King Éomer enjoy the seafood, then, my lady?" Faervel questioned noncommittally. A nod. "I trust you managed to keep appearances up for your father, my lady?" Another nod. "Did you manage to make him admit that sea-treasures can be just as enjoyable as those from the North?" Lothíriel's smile widened. "Oh yes. I do not believe the King will ever object to treasures from the sea again." Faervel shook her head.