is you desire." He chokes out a few barely legible words, and a wicked smirk spreads across her beautiful lips. At moments like this, with bonds trapping his wrists and ankles and his queen astride him, he has never loved her more. "The finest wordsmith in all of Rohan, perhaps all of Middle-Earth. That is what they say of you. Truly, Counsellor, is that the best you can offer your liege?" He shudders, and tries to find the words. "Please, my queen," he implores, and a harsh light shines in her eyes. He can feel his face colour with shame at the desperation in his voice. "Ride me. Take me for your own. Only do not leave me here without your touch. I could not bear such a thing." Éowyn considers him for a long moment, head tilted to the side. "Let it not be said that I am not a merciful king," she says at last, and if she notices her momentary lapse, she does not show it. "You beg so prettily, Counsellor. Part of me is loath to grant you what you ask, if only to see you like this for longer. To hear you plead for clemency, the kind only I can offer you." His hands work into fists, and a smile drifts its way onto her face at the sight of his hopeless resistance. A moan breaks from his throat when her gaze slips downward, to the aching flesh that demands her attention, and the smile becomes a smirk. "You've been such a good boy for your queen." He nods, pants, unable to muster more of a response. "And so respectful. A good queen rewards her loyal subjects." He groans, long and loud and unashamed, as she lowers her head to lick a broad swipe from the root of him to the very tip. He had thought, once, that Éowyn would not deign to do this to him, that the submissive nature of the act would bar it from their play. He had thought that, right up until the first moment of her mouth on him, back in the very beginning of their dalliances together. He had laid in her bed, draped in her furs, a golden chain around his throat rather like a collar. He had had the feeling, then, that he was being treated as the maiden consort to a king, adorned in riches and kept to serve at his monarch's pleasure. Then, his queen had touched her lips to every inch of his body until he was squirming and reaching for her as her lips danced ever downwards to where he desired her most. And from the first swipe of her tongue over his hardness, he had understood how undone she could bring him, with barely a touch. She is a capricious creature here with him, mercurial in her moods even as she is resolute in the outside world. Within his bonds his legs are twitching, his hips snapping upwards in a desperate attempt to feel more. With a soft sound of contentment low in her throat, Éowyn climbs up the length of his body like a wildcat advancing on her prey. "Didn't you like that, Gríma mine?" she asks, and he nods. "None of that, now. Speak." "Yes," he gasps. "Of course I did, how could I not. Your mouth, dear gods, your mouth -" "Yes, I think you're quite ready," she says as though answering a question inside her own mind, and she parts her legs to fall either side of him. The slick sweetness of her is brushing over him, he is so hard it hurts, and her smile is sharper than a razor. "Call me it," she whispers, her lips against his, her breasts brushing his chest. "What?" he pants, too far gone for thought, and she gives him a sharp slap on the flank. "You know what," she replies harshly, moving a little as if to draw away, and he panics. "My king," he says, and her eyes flare with triumph. One brief motion on her part and he is in her to the hilt, already arching into her wetness before he even realises what she's done. "Oh yes, gods yes. My king, my sweet king." "Yes," she hisses in reply, leaning forward to rub her most tender part against him, fingers straying down to give her more sensation. "Again. More." Gríma whimpers against the punishing pace she's set, already so close, knowing to come without her permission will not end well. "Let me," he begs. "King of mine, my only love. Please." "Come," she orders him. "Come for your king, counsellor - ah!" Her pace quickens, frantically working herself against him and her own fingers, and as her face goes slack with pleasure he too finds his way into the realms of bliss. "Was I too unkind to you?" Éowyn asks long minutes later, sprawled over him, his arms and legs still restrained and beginning to throb. "You were not," he replies, tugging experimentally. "But would you -" "Of course!" Once the need is gone from her she is his own Éowyn again. Still his queen but also his love, his companion, the centre of his world. She sets him free but returns to her place on his chest, curling into his side as his arms press her tightly against him. "What would I do without you?" she asks fondly, stroking the mussed and sweat soaked hair back from his forehead. He does not need to tell her how he lives for these times when she binds him and controls him, denies him his release until she has taken what she needs. She already knows, after all. "Never climax again?" he questions drowsily. "My king," he adds teasingly, and she swats him gently. "Leave off," she orders lightly, and draws a fur up over his skin. "Will you sleep here with me tonight?" "Always," he replies, and it's the truth. He'll stay forever, if she'll let him.