I stayed with you in the Houses of Healing for a few hours after all was over. But you appeared to be asleep all the time so you might not know. As for who knows the story; probably many if not all in the Houses of Healing and your household." Faramir thought about that for a moment. So people had lied to him for over two weeks! And now he had to find out through a file and a little boy! "Bergil, now I understand better and I also know of your father's role. It is not in my power but in that of the King to decide his fate; but I will do all I can to see to it that his life will be spared." Suddenly the boy flung himself into Faramir's arms and pressed his small frame tightly against him. They stayed for a moment as they were, taking comfort and new courage from each other. ***** A few weeks later Faramir walked through the antechamber and the great reception room behind the King. Elessar took his time looking at everything, looking as if he were re-acquainting himself with something familiar but long missed. This was, of course, ridiculous, Faramir knew. But there was, nonetheless, a light in the man's eyes that Faramir had not expected. They wandered around the rooms, Faramir giving Elessar as much time as he needed. The great tapestry was still there, but the walls in the intimate reception room were empty, the family portraits having already been brought into Faramir's new home. When they had inspected the bedroom, the King frowned and shook his head. Looking around, Faramir could not blame him. The black curtains and the dark walls prevented even the bright sunshine to completely illuminate the room and the enormous bed did not look very comfortable, either. "That will not do, Faramir. This room has to be renovated entirely. It is much to heavy and dreary and it lacks colour. Until that is done I will sleep elsewhere because there is something that presses down heavily on my spirit." Elessar went over and touched the dark post of the canopy bed. "Please have this removed. It is not to my style, and neither to that of my Queen." "Your Queen?" Elessar smiled in a conspirational manner. "Oh, yes, there is someone who has been waiting for a long time to become Queen. And you should know that you are the the first whom I am telling this in the hopes that you might help me to keep the ambitious ladies and their fathers at a comfortable distance." "We will then have to prepare the Queen's rooms, too." And unexpected boldness overcame Faramir and he continued with a wink. "She has a nice bedroom of her own and you might want to spend more of your time there than here." Elessar gave a loud guffaw at that and clapped Faramir on the shoulder. "You speak true, Faramir; and I like people who speak their mind. I prefer her to the ghost of your father." He paused for a moment and looked closely at Faramir, whose pose had stiffened and his chaw set at the King's words. "That was uncalled for and I apologise for this unthoughtful comment. It was unkind to speak thusly about Denethor to you who loved him so deeply. One of these days I hope to explain to you my mixed feelings towards him." Faramir shook his head, forcing himself to relax and fall back into his inate calm. "No harm was done, my lord. I think I understand your sentiments." The King held up an index finger and sighed. "Aragorn, please! There are enough people who insist on calling me 'my lord'. I imagine we will become good friends yet; and for that we should address each other by the names our fathers gave us. And we should also be honest to each other. The title of a king does not lift me above thoutlessness. My speech is often plainer, though hopefully no less fair, than it should be here." He made a sweeping motion with his hand that might include the land as well as its society. "I need someone with the subtlety of a man bred into Gondorian society. Will you be him?" Faramir felt a smile tug at his lips and the tension ease. "The King can count on his Steward in all matters concerning the realm. And Aragorn can count on Faramir in all matters concerning his conduct." "Good, good. Is there aught else that should be addressed?" "Now that you say it, there is a small matter concerning organisation." "Hm?" "When is your wife due to arrive, my l... Aragorn?" "My bride, Faramir, not my wife. At least not at this time. I wonder that no one has told you of that yet." "So it is true what I heard. It also seems a bit confusing because I gather that you had enough time to do so. It surely cannot be age." Aragorn gave a bark of laughter and shook his head. "No, indeed not. I, in fact, am old enough to be your father. I must be about as old as Denethor. I seem to be showing it well, though. No, the real reason behind the delay of my marriage is another story for a later time when shocks are more easier borne. What is important now is that we have my wedding to plan with, I hope, some elaborate guests you will most certainly enjoy meeting. I do not know when it will happen, though. We just have to wait and look to the north." Faramir nodded slowly, his head full of some very vague questions that could not be phrased into words yet. But there was something he could do now. He made an inviting motion and proceeded to lead Elessar, no, Aragorn, to the new King's study, where a particularly interesting file was waiting for the King's attention.