appeared out of thin air. It startled me half to death but I couldn't scream. The figure stood tall, and was surrounded by darkness. He wore a black cloak, and his hood was raised so shadow fell upon his face. He stood menicingly over me and I shook with fear. The creature reached behind him and produced a crown. It was silver like my ring and had think sharp points. He held this out to me. I looked at the crown and then to the creature. I hesitantly reached for the crown and as soon as I touched it, a flood of images fell through my brain. The sensation of riding a creature so fast with such deadly force, the power held in only a hand, a council of nine counterparts that matched to this hooded figure, the crown being placed on the creatures head, and the memory of Addric and my hands touching. This last image broke me in a place that may never be restored. How did this creature know of Addric? Maybe he knew what became of him. I looked up at the creature, afraid but willing to face such a fear if it meant getting some truth about where Addric had gone. The dark figure held out his hand, fingertips up waiting for me, just like the image showed. I reached out my hand once more to meet the cold hand of the creature. More images poured through me. Addric walking alone in the woods, his black horse following him, Addric riding across distant lands I hadn't seen, and then it become more disturbing. Images moved to show times when I was calling in the field and Addric stood next to me, memories of when I went to his house to look for him and he followed me around, images of Addric standing over my bed as I wept for him, unknowing that he was right there the whole time. The creature moved its hand away and tears sprung to my eyes. But I was confused. The creature turned to leaved and I called out to it. "What have you done to Addric? Where is he? When will he be back?" I yelled. I was slightly aware that others may hear me but I cared not. The hooded figured turned slowly while reaching for his head. His cold fingers grasped the edges of the hood and pulled it back, revealing the shadow of Addric. He was made of smoke and bones, completely transparent and opaque at the same time, his face shifting from noble to deadly within moments and back again to create an ever changing being. That's when I realized that this creature was Addric. This dark hooded figure was my Intended. The thought hit me like a boulder. Tears like rivers flowed freely from my eyes, but my face stayed, unmoved, too scared to think. I got up then and closed the gap between us. I walked slowly towards him, watching as his face changed from shadow to light like a flag flapping in the wind. A noble flash and then the shadow of smoke and desire. I watched his eyes, hollow as they were, as I stepped towards him. "Addric?" I whispered. The figure stood as if nothing happened. "Addric?" I said louder. Still no recognition from him stirred. I feared he was gone forever. The thought unbearable to me, I thoughtlessly threw my arms around him, like I used to do, and sobbed openly. I stood that way for a while, hugging what may as well have been a pillar for his coldness and unresponsiveness. But then everything changed. A surge of fiery warmth shot through him and he held me to tight to him, like the days of old. "I'm doing this for us," he said, his voice horse, like it was the first time he had spoke in decades. It made my heart race alarmingly, but I couldn't let go. Just like that, the heat that flowed between us was gone and left an empty shadow in its place. Addric was gone. This hooded creature he had turned into remained; cold and emotionless. I dropped my hands to my side, and walked back to my bed. After a minute, the creature that was Addric came over to me and touched his cold fingers to my forehead. One last flood of images before he left forever. The image showed Addric and I together in a large house I had never seen before. A house I somehow knew was ours. Three sons and a daughter ran around playing in the yard. I knew we had much land and a great number of livestock and horses. I looked at how wise Addric looked, his face the noble one I saw on the creatures ever changing face. My smiling face looked to his, full of knowledge and richness. My face in the image turned then, to look forward and looked straight to me. She gave a curt smile as if she had a secret, and her eyes flashed menacingly. The images stopped. I didn't know what this vision meant. Is that what Addric thought would happen? Is that what he believed was happening? I couldn't tell. All I knew was that image of the future I had lost would haunt me forever. I would never be the same, never have a life worth living. I would never find true happiness with the loss of Addric. The shadowed creature that took the place of Addric turned and left then. And I thought of our journey together. The thought of the Ring in the beginning seemed so beautiful, a gift. But now I knew it for what it really was. It was an evil creation, meant to ensnare it's wearer and turn it into something unnatural. Of course I was flattered that he wanted to get this amazing and lusted after ring just for me, but honestly, I'd rather just have him back home and safe.