desired. Let them say that Éowyn of Rohan was – in everything she accomplished in her short life – not the world in and of herself, not solely the world of her husband, but the very spirit of that world. Éowyn, I love you, as I have loved you since our days together in the Houses. I will never think otherwise; it is impossible." "I love you, Faramir," she said. "Do not leave me, not yet." His hand clasped hers. "I would not think of leaving." She smiled slightly, her faint breath of words like the whisper of a wind. "Faramir… tell me a tale of ages long ago. I should like to... hear one again…" Faramir sighed, closing his eyes for a brief moment. Éowyn laid in his arms, her head resting on his shoulder, breathing into the soft fibre of his tunic; how much longer would this pain, this unwanted misery, last? And it was not merely his pain that he felt, it was hers . Her breath, pained and ragged on his shoulder, and the blood covering both their cold, dying bodies, would serve as constant reminders of this night, the night Éowyn of Rohan lived in death and Faramir of Gondor died in life. "Tar-Míriel was a queen of Númenor in the final days of its downfall, though she herself seemed to be a child of the Valar, divine in all aspects. She was a friend of the Faithful. Had she been born in other times, she would have been revered by her people, now corrupted by the dreadful desire for immortality…" "Faramir…" she moaned, clinging to him. "And Míriel was beautiful, and never was she fearful to dance upon the marble of the temples of Armenelos… but when the waves came, Míriel's eyes grew wide at the steely grey waves taking her kingdom into the watery abyss advancing on them all. She ran to Meneltarma and there was taken by the waves, and her final breath was spent on proclaiming her love for her land, her people, her life, her love. Míriel is the sea, as I remember it, but you, my lady, you are the world. I love you, Éowyn." "As I love you, Faramir," she whispered. Not long after, she breathed her last in his arms. He did not know quite what to do, or quite what to think. Her body still felt warm and heavy in his embrace, as if it were sinking into his own body, dragging them both to the earth. He caught his breath from where he knelt in the murky undergrowth – the faint colour of the winter's first sunrise upon the horizon, spreading faster than the gloom and fog that had spread not ten hours previously, held so much of a promise, or it would have held something there in the wake of a night that could be conquered. It would have. It would have – but there is nothing left to be had! There was nothing left to be had, he thought, save some contrived elegy committed to memory by an elderly scholar, or else the cries of Éowyn's beloved people upon the news of her passing, which would soon fade away and revisit the land in a song, a tale, or some half-forgotten memory of a time in which somewhere, somehow, a great woman had existed as a glaring antithesis to her own pain. Éowyn had lived – could he say otherwise? His mind raced back to a humid night in July not yet two years past. The stars shone about Éowyn as she stood in this very forest, her grey eyes glimmering with the unchanging intensity of the heavens above her golden head. Her quiet laughter, like the eager trill of a child's flute, seemed to float and rise over the air itself as a song of triumph, a song of incredible innocence. She had been causelessly happy that day. Yet her happiness did have a cause – her own volition, the realisation of her dreams. She had had dreams – once. But once is a lifetime, is it not? Is there no such thing as memory, as an infinite time that was solely a split second of that actual time – is that not a life? Sighing, Faramir closed his eyes, determined not to think, then suddenly opened them. There was something in that darkness, something in his mind that could not be forgotten. Only five words had a place in his mind: Éowyn, so much was possible! So much was possible! – no, no, so much is possible, if only she will wake from her slumber, if only she will rise and dance again, if only she will trust in her own… whatever it is, it has no name, no time, no accurate concept held by men, no accurate concept anywhere save for a darkening hint of a shadow in my own mind, but I will find it because it is possible for me to find it… Éowyn, so much is possible! Her tangled hair shone like a crown of gold beneath the fiery sun that had no right to rise that morning, no right to produce its own glory, no right to remove the dreaded darkness that took her budding life, her pride, her will, the thing she had once merrily claimed as a life worth living. "I am," the young, trammelled warrior said through clenched teeth, "never permitting myself to lose anything that I desire." "I am," her shining memory repeated, "forever indebted to thee, Faramir, for saving my life that day in the Houses…". "I am," her youthful voice echoed in the silence of the barren trees, "forever thine, my love, tonight, tomorrow, forever; no time may tell of my love for thee…" I am. I am. She is. She is. No. She was . He closed his eyes, his face buried in his cold, aching hands, hidden from the sunlight. He could not bear to see the sunrise.