her arms. "We have no choice, young one. Saruman's spies are guarding the passage south." It took them a very long time to get onto the mountain, the snow clawing at them and drenching their clothes. Marina was staggering under the weight of the sodden cloak, wishing to take it off but knowing she'd freeze if she did. The snow had seeped into her boots and was annoying the heck out of her distracting her eyes from straying to how high up they were. For once, she'd managed not to slip and disgrace herself among her male companions, but luck would only last her for so long. A startled cry had her spinning around and land on her backside in the snow. Frodo had slipped in the slippery ice and was rolling down the incline until Aragorn helped him up. The hobbit grasped desperately at the inside of shirt, only to look further up in dismay to see Boromir holding the ring, staring at it as though it were the most beautiful thing in the world. "Boromir," Aragorn warned, his hand creeping to rest on the hilt of his sword. Marina watched as she tried to get herself up but the snow kept making her sink. Boromir was muttering to himself and she clearly heard Aragorn snap at him. "Boromir!" The warrior from Gondor looked startled, eyes torn from the ring to stare at the ranger. "Give the ring back to Frodo." Boromir stepped down through the snow without a hassle, holding the precious ring out to the young hobbit. "As you wish." Frodo snatched it off him and Boromir chuckled uneasily. "I care not." He ruffled the hobbit's hair and readjusted his shield before continuing up as though nothing happened. Marina could feel her heart beating erratically, remembering this exact scene from the film. Maybe she wasn't dreaming after all. It all felt too real. Another attempt at removing herself from the snow was as futile as the first. Marina sighed irritated and would be damned if she requested help. Having been nothing but a hindrance for half of the day, she didn't want to start relying on them to get her out of silly predicaments. But once again a shadow loomed over her, and it was Boromir who looked quite smug. "You look stuck, my lady." "Unfortunately," she deadpanned, irritated he was gaining amusement from it. Well, she had laughed at him after all, when he'd helped her before. "Please help?" "Of course." Boromir, trusting the innocent expression on her face, held out his hand. Feeling completely childish and not at all herself, Marina grasped his hand and using the unsteady ground beneath him to her advantage, hauled him forward with all the strength she possessed. Had it been stone or dirt, she wouldn't have been able to. But the slick snow made him slip and sail head first into a snow drift beside her. Marina could barely breathe she was laughing so hard, slipping and sliding to eventually gain her feet. Boromir coughed and spluttered, spitting snow from his mouth as he turned his eyes to the woman wading through the snow back to the company. The warrior was on his feet in an instant and charged towards her. Marina gave a squeal of feminine delight and slid away through the snow, laughing and giggling. The others found it amusing but were once again reminded that they were not on this journey to have fun. The warrior had exacted his revenge on the woman by capturing her into his arms and hauling her over his shoulder like she were a sack of potatoes. "Now you cannot be mischievous, my lady." So there Marina had stayed, being lugged up the mountain. At least it saved her from walking. A snowstorm had appeared by the time they reached a thin ledge. The snow was so deep that Aragorn and Boromir were forced to carry the hobbits through it, leaving Marina to carve away through the freezing cold on her own. Legolas stepped past her, having not even sunk into the snow even an inch. Marina scowled at him as he moved up beside Gandalf. "There is a fel voice on the air," Legolas said quietly. "Its Saruman!" Gandalf cried and a tremendous crack above them caused them to look up. Pieces of hard snow came raining down on them. "Gandalf, he's trying to bring down the mountain. We must turn back!" Aragorn cried insistently, the hobbits shivering against him. "No!" Gandalf managed to clamber out of the snow and tried to reason with the mountain but to no avail. Saruman's voice rang out again, and lightening struck the top, sending an avalanche down on them. Gandalf threw himself back against the mountain side, as did Legolas. Marina screamed as the snow forced her to her knees, robbing her of the ability to breathe and think. It felt like minutes passed but was only seconds when a pair of hands grasped her and hauled her body out of the snow. Marina coughed and spluttered, quietly thanking Gimli as she got her breath back. "We should make for the gap of Rohan or take the west road to my city," Boromir called over the ravaging wind. "The gap of Rohan takes us too close to Isengard!" Aragorn argued. "Let us co-operate! Let us go through the mines of Moria!" Gimli enthused. Marina watched Gandalf carefully, fear clutching at her chest. There was something bad about Moria. Something she out to remember. What on earth was it? "Let the ring bearer decide. Frodo?" The hobbit looked up at the wizard, tired and fearful and was desperate to get off the mountain. "We will go through the mines." Gandalf's shoulders seemed to sag and he looked much older in that instant. "So be it." I know its short and rather fast-paced but it'll level out as I go. You'll get to know Marina better through the next chapter. Please lend me your thoughts!