from her, his eyes flying open. He tries to move away from her hands, but accidentally touches his back to the bed and flinches from that right into them. There's a slightly panicked look in his eyes. "Peace, Legolas!" Aragorn says, laying a gentle hand on the elf's shoulder. Legolas calms with his words, shifting slightly into a more comfortable position. Only when he is still again does Aragorn step away, but he remains in easy reach. I move my chair so I too can be seen by the elf. He relaxes a bit more. Slowly, the nurse examines his front, asking him first to lay flat on his back, which I refuse to let him do, then to give her his hand, and to sit up. He tries to do as she says, but his body doesn't permit it. Whenever she touches his skin, he flinches in pain. He tries not to, I can tell he does, but it is too much for him. With every failure a deeper sadness grows in his blue eyes. Eventually, the nurse goes behind him, taking note of his numerous injuries. She tries to peel off his clothing to get better access, but it is stuck to the skin on his back. She tries the clothing at the base of his spine and at his rear. Legolas jumps in surprise when she touches him, emitting a small sound of pained protest. His pointy ears and neck go bright red, and his eyes close for a moment as he ducks his head. The nurse watches this in confusion. "Aragorn?" he squeaks. "Yes?" the other responds. He is answered by a plea in Legolas's eyes. "Oh, a curse be on the modesty of elves" Aragorn smiles, turning to the nurse. "Miss? Can you please get my friend some clothing?" "Something of natural, soft material that covers most of his skin is preferred," I add. The Elf sends a mock glare my way, but his relief is evident. Never did I expect anyone to value modesty and cleanliness enough to be disturbed by the lack of it even when in agony. The nurse runs off to get the requested clothing, leaving the three of us alone. "Thank you," Legolas breaths. We just smile at him, glad to see he is not yet lost spiritually. Quickly, and with skilled hands, Aragorn gets to work. I try to help him in any way I can, bringing bandages and plant leaves and roots, boiling water, handing him shining medical instruments. He sets it all up on a table next to his patient and continues to gently try to peel away the cloth. Legolas flinches occasionally, and by willpower alone does he not lose consciousness numerous times. It is only when his torso is bare that I see how much my elf had truly suffered. His front and back is covered in bright red, angry cuts inflicted with strength and malice. Most of them still bleed, hiding the skin beneath in a horrific layer of red. There is barely enough room for a child of three summers to place a hand on him and not touch scars. Only the tops of his shoulders are free from them. "Who did this, Legolas?" Aragorn breaths. "Yrch," he replies in his own tongue, pain and shame tightening his voice. Aragorn just nods his understanding. "What hurts the most?" he asks a moment later, after the significant silence has passed. "Everything, Aragorn," Legolas replies. "Alright. Let's start with your hands then," Aragorn says, gently taking one into his own. Legolas flinches and tries to retract it, but thinks better of it and lets Aragorn take care of it. The latter examines it a bit, moving the fingers, bending the knuckles and feeling through the palm for any other broken bones. Legolas hisses through much of the procedure, but remains still. I can't imagine him being in anything less than agony. Aragorn notices that as well, and sends me for a particular plant. I find it eventually and return. It gets boiled into a drink of dull blue that smells of lavender. Even the scent is enough to calm my nerves. I close my eyes, breathing in its sweet scent. What it would be to stay in this calm forever. "No," Legolas suddenly exclaims, startling me out of my thoughts. "Aragorn, no! I am not sleeping!" "You need to, Legolas," the Ranger patiently replies. "It is the only way to ease your pain." "I don't care about the pain. I refuse to sleep!" "Legolas—" "No!" There is a slightly wild look in his eyes when he says this, and his eyes are looking right into Aragorn's. I have heard that it is difficult to stare down an elf and not be influenced by them. This is what Legolas is trying to use now, but Aragorn is immune to it. Years in Rivendell have given him much practice. "Come on, ye pointy-ear," I say, coming to stand by Legolas's head and effectively breaking the staring contest. "Drink. It'll do you good." "I don't want to sleep, Gimli," he says. His eyes plead with me to let him be, to not do this to him. He is more vulnerable than I have ever seen him. My heart bleeds for him, but I do not relent. "You'll be ok, Legolas," I say gently, resting my free hand on his shoulder. "Aragorn and I are right here. If any try to get to you, they will meet my ax and his sword. You are safe." With that, much to Aragorn's surprise, Legolas starts to hesitantly move to take the cup from my hand. I quickly bring it to his lips before he can discover that he can't move his hand enough to hold the cup. The sadness in his eyes still deepens. "What have I become?" he asks before letting his eyes lose their focus in sleep. "A survivor," I say. In sleep, his mouth twitches into a smile.