him, "She likes her Elvish name." "Elendûr? It means Black Star." "Exactly." Legolas got up and scanned the horizon, "If we followed the trail, we should gain them in a day." Aragorn nodded and looked over his shoulder, "Boromir, Sam, we have them!" Sam stumbled to his knees, shaking his head, "I can't go no further…not this way." Boromir paused beside the Hobbit and looked at him, "What if someone carried you, Sam?" "Huh?" Sam looked up at him. Aragorn grinned, "That's an idea, Boromir." The Man of Gondor shrugged off his shield and lifted Sam to his feet, "Put your arms around my neck and your legs around my waist, Sam." "You don't have to carry me, sir." Sam murmured even as he climbed onto Boromir's back. Boromir chuckled, "I used to carry my little brother all around the White City. You will not be a hindrance." Aragorn took up Boromir's pack and shield, "Let's keep moving." The black wolf pawed his hand, whining. He looked at her, "What is it, Elendûr?" She nosed his pocket where he had put the Ring and looked at him. He frowned, "You want to carry it?" "Let her, Aragorn. She's less likely to fall prey to it's call than any of us are." Legolas said. Aragorn sighed and knelt again, slipping the chain over her head, "Keep it safe for us." Elendûr licked his hand reassuringly and they set off. That night, they did not rest. With their quarry so near, they had no desire to stop. Frodo wondered often, as they were carried across the plains, if he had been right to drop the Ring. Perchance Aragorn and the others would find it and know what it was meant to tell them. He wondered, too, if his wolf friend from Amon Hen was still with Boromir or if she had moved on. As they had carried him away, he thought he had seen her watching them from beneath the undergrowth. He had told Merry and Pip about her, and they both wanted to see her. Then, he noticed that they were being followed. He made out a familiar shape behind them, flanked by others. He had to smile, "Pippin! Merry! They followed us! The whole lot of them!" "Huh?" Pippin craned his head, "Wolves?" "Behind us!" Frodo whispered excitedly. The Uruk-hai had been double-timing it since they had picked up Aragorn's scent, but his friends had not fallen behind. That night, they camped under the trees of Fangorn Forest. Frodo was reminded of the Old Forest in Buckland. The Uruk-hai dumped their captives and left them. The one, Baglor, shook himself, "We ain't goin' no further till we've 'ad a breather." Uglúk, who had taken over after Lurtz had been killed, straightened, "Get a fire going!" The Uruk-hai and orcs began to hack away at the trees with their axes. Frodo winced, ducking his head. Pippin crawled towards Merry, who lay a little way away, "Merry! Merry!" "I think we might have made a mistake leaving the Shire, Pippin." Merry groaned as Frodo crept closer. A rumbling sound was heard in the trees, a groaning. Pippin's head shot up, "What's making that noise?" "It's the trees." Frodo whispered. "What?" "You remember the Old Forest? On the borders of Buckland?" Merry pitched in. Pippin nodded eagerly. Frodo looked at the trees, "Folk used to say that there was something in the water that made the trees grow tall, and come alive." His cousin's eyes grew wide, "Alive?" "Trees that could whisper, talk to each other, even move." Frodo added. "I'm starving." Baglor growled, tossing aside a lump of bread. "We ain't 'ad nothin' but maggoty bread for three stinkin' days!" Frodo looked at his cousins . Hungry Uruk-hai was not good. "Yeah!" a scrawny Orc whined, "Why can't we have some meat?" almost instantly, Frodo and his cousins were the focus of attention, "What about them? They're freshshsh!" Uglúk backhanded him, "They are not for eating, Roc!" The cousins were hauled off their feet and held fast. "What about their legs? They don't need those." Roc's comrade Grishnákh snapped his teeth, "Ooh! They look tasty!" "Get back!" Uglúk snarled, shoving him away. I'm going to die! Frodo thought frantically as Roc eyed him up. "Just a mouthful?" Uglúk beheaded him for his troubles. "Looks like meat's back on the menu boys!" he roared. The Uruk-hai and Orcs cheered and started tearing into Roc, intestines flying, taking their eyes off the hobbits for a while. They were knocked off their feet, but no one noticed. "Pippin, Frodo, let's go!" Merry hissed. Their hands still bound, the hobbits crawled away. Suddenly a foot came down onto Merry, pinning him to the ground. Pippin and Frodo flipped over. Grishnákh chortled, "Go? Call for help. Squeal! No-one's gonna save you now!" Suddenly, a spear hit Grishnákh. Mayhem ensued as riders burst out from their hiding places and ambushed the Orcs. Frodo looked at his cousins, an idea forming, "Pippin! Merry! Come on!" The hobbits tried to escape from the pandemonium to the forest, dodging bodies and stomping feet, falling and stumbling. Suddenly, Frodo hit the ground, tripped by a body. He rolled over and looked up at a pair of thrashing hooves bearing down on him, "Aah!" "Frodo!" Pippin yelled as he rolled out of the way just in time. His cousins dragged him to his feet. They cut their bonds on a fallen axe-blade and shook off the ropes. Their hands freed, the hobbits ran away from the battle scene, dodging under a horse and trying to stay out of harm's way. As they fled, Grishnákh grabbed Pippin by his belt and clung on. Frodo drew Sting and struck the Orc. He let go, howling, and they bolted. "The trees!" Merry cried, "Make for the trees!" Frodo looked over his shoulder as they dove into the cover of the forest and hoped they would be safe. He didn't want Grishnákh or Baglor coming after them.