times come in little packages., he reminded himself, thinking of Gollum, whom was now foremost in his mind. " D'a mellon .," You are with a friend. She murmured with a barely perceptible nod. " He sends you away as well, does he not? " " Aye, that he does. " There could be no denying who the he was. Gandalf, of course. The meddler. The schemer. " To Gondor, I'll go even if I do not wish to. " " What is in Gondor that keeps you from it? " She frowned, uncomfortable with such a question. Uncomfortable that someone she did not know had asked. Ill at ease that she was more than willing to answer him. " It was in Gondor that father and mother met thier fate and I do not wish to meet mine there. " Only half the truth for the other half she did not herself know. She was, though she would not yet admit it(not even to herself) that she was quite frightened by what the future held. And what it holds, she told herself, I do not know . " I see... Gwennig, do not fear. Your fate will not be theirs. " " Only Illuvatar knows. .. De vellon nîn an-uir. Faro vae. " Forever you are my friend. Good hunting. " Faro vae., " he replied quietly as she rode on down the Southern Road. He watched Aeldir's daughter ride for quite some time. Untill he could no longer see her. He remember both father and grandfather well and she was much alike both of them whether or not she knew it. What awaits her in Gondor I do not know but she will not fail him. Now, he had his own prey to chase. Faro vae was right for it seemed that that was exactly what he was doing. At the Gap of Rohan, she was ambushed in the night by nine Dunlendings. Modig, of course, was spooked. However kingly his name was, he was not. She was thrown from him in a violent, wrenching motion. She rolled away from the frightened gelding and covered her neck and head. The Dunlendings were caught unawares by the stricken gelding as he ran. He took two of the Dunlendings down even as he ran. He's good for something even when he's not. She pushed herself up and drew her sword. Narnimwen. No songs had yet to be sung of her blade but it had a pointy end and she knew where to stick it. They were rough, large, hairy beasts, these Dunlendings. They spoke in unintelligible grunts and growls. Snarls and howls. She hummed a few notes before she drew her sword high and charged. The seemed to converge on her en masse but she had been in her fair share of skirmishes. She let her instincts take over. Parry. Thrust. Parry. Thrust. Lunge forward. Parry. Parry. Thrust. Lunge. Slash. Slash. She felt a rending pain in her sword arm. She stifled her cry and pressed on. Covered in blood- some of it hers, most of it theirs. She stepped back and took stock of the situation. 1. Modig had run off. That meant three things really: she could search for him, she could continue on foot, or he would come back. The latter two were more likely than the first 2. She was wounded. Her left arm was cradled in her right. It burned and she had little to use as bandages. 3. She was hungry. 4. Night was falling. 5. She wouldn't be safe here once it did. What else, she wondered, fleetingly cynical, could go wrong? As soon as she thought it, she really wished she hadn't. Bad things always seemed to happen after she asked herself that. She sat down among the waxing slain and soft, blood-soaked grass. She removed her cloak and whipped her dagger out. She cut strips from the worn, dusty fabric and tied them about her arm in a determined lack of silence. " The Road goes ever, ever on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say." A curious, little Hobbit had gladly sung that for her when she was last traveling through the Shire. Hobbits are, by nature, rather shy of the Big Folk, as they call the races of Man and Elf, but not this one. He was just walking along the same path as she and had nattered on for a while about the weather and a few other inane things before bursting into that little bit. She became quite fond of the little bugger. With a small sigh escaping from between her lips, she rose and began her journey anew. She spent her night literaly up a tree. Getting up there had been laborious and painful. Getting to sleep had been much the same. Getting down was also something quite difficult as her arm was still quite useless to her. But, aha! There was Modig waiting at the base of the tree and looking appropriately abashed as he munched away on the lush grass. " At least now I don't have to walk the rest of the way..., " she growled in Rhorric as she threw herself into the saddle and rode on toward Edoras. On the Sindarin/Rhorric: Tiro!-Look! Sedho-Quiet. Gwador vell-beloved brother gwennig-maiden Ithryn, Ithron-Sindarin term for wizard(s) Stille nú- taken from what Aragorn says to Brego. Means "Quiet" or "Still now" I believe. Man le trasta- What troubles you? Mae govannen, pinig- well-met, little one. Iston le?- do I know you? Iston i nîf dhîn- I know your face Pedithanc hi sui vellyn- may we speak as friends now? D'a mellon- you are with a friend De vellon nîn an-uir. Faro vae.- Forever you are my friend. Good hunting.