I think we will be able to take the fight to the enemy." "Remember its name and the follies of your fallen kings, Boromir. I would hate to have to send Eomer away to punch whatever uppity advisors your brother is too diplomatic to assault. Or worse, Eowyn. She'd feed them and then punch whichever fool is honest enough to insult her cooking." With such relatives as he had, I was tempted to take pity on the prince and introduce him to my own baby cousins. At least Elphir and his wife were sensible, if rather stodgy for as young as they were, and Lothiriel could charm the cooks out of what she couldn't make herself. "It is Isildur's Bane, not mine. I know my limits; I'll leave you a few dozen orcs and perhaps a Black Rider each for your cousins." I could not say for certain just how powerful this weapon would be, not without seeing it for myself, but the words had burned themselves into my ears: stronger than morgul-spells... Theodred chuckled, though there was little joy in the sound. "You will have more than enough to fight headed north on your own. While you are heading through the Gap, though, I must insist that you avoid the wizard's keep. There have been too many bands of orcs sighted there for you to risk a horse seeking advice from Saruman that you won't heed, anyhow." While my father had little love for wizards, either, it was strange to hear this about Saruman the White. He was the head of his order; how desperate must the situation in Rohan be if he could not keep the enemy from the bounds of Isengard? "Eventually, I am going to have to have a better idea of where to travel than 'north.' Better to receive it from a trusted source like Saruman rather than the witch of the Golden Wood, no? I think I can brave a few orc encounters, but I'll do my best to avoid them, if that would better spare your precious horse." "Please, for the sake of the horse, if not your foolish hide, trust me: you should not seek Saruman's advice." Lowering his voice much more than he had for our earlier banter, Theodred's eyes flickered as if he were expecting to encounter an ambush instead of groomsmen on the way to the stables. "I know your city has sheltered the Storm-crow from time to time, but I fear he is not the only one of the white wizard's agents to bear an unsettling name. The crow might fly on wings of ill tidings, but Saruman's newest catspaw worms trouble into the house from less obvious sources." I tensed my jaw, uncomfortably reminded of my father and brother's arguments over Mithrandir. Father accused Faramir of becoming a wizard's pupil, a shell of the mind he should possess for putting so much trust in the gray wizard's word, and yet it was Father who displayed eyes as old and dangerous as Mithrandir's when he retreated to his private study, Father who returned as black-tempered and tired as the storm-crow the Rohirrim had dubbed the wizard after. I had no wish to become a wizard's pupil myself, but if Mithrandir stood as another shield between my brother and the storm, then let Faramir shelter under the gray crow's wing. "Just because Grima might pay lip service to Saruman doesn't mean that the white wizard knows about all he does. Even the wisest might be fooled on occasion." "Yet you and I and Eomer can see Wormtongue for what he is. He has spent years creeping into my father's good graces; surely one as wise as Saruman the White claims to be would recognize the changes that Grima's favor have wrought." Well, it was hard to argue for the wisdom of Eomer. "What are the lives of Numenorean mongrels such as us to a wizard?" I shrugged all the same. I was headed for Dunland and the trackless expanse of the northwest, and I'd hoped to find some alternative route to the ancient kings-road that ran straight through the middle of hostile territory. "Years do not count so much for one who has lived for centuries." Theodred's gaze slitted, and not against the sunlight. "We count for very, very little to them, Boromir. Seek you instead the men of the north rather than the guidance of immortals. They are harder to find, perhaps, but I would rather put trust in another who fights the same war that we do." "Even when we borrow your horse?" I asked as we entered the stables. "I'm not in the habit of loaning my mount to any man, elf, or dwarf who pops out of the grass. See that you take care of her, and yourself as well." Theodred handed me a saddle and pad from the tack room, carrying the bridle himself. "You may be a horse's ass from time to time, but you're my kind of horse's ass." "You too, Theodred. If only to spare Rohan the headache of Eomer's diplomacy with my Gondor, stay safe." "Of course! No one wants to witness that debacle. Besides, it'd be harder to receive my horse and this kingly weapon you dreamed of if one or both of us are dead." For just a moment, I thought I caught a hint of longing in Theodred's eye, as if my old friend would fain ride northward with me and see what had haunted my dreams for himself. It was simply a desire to escape Grima for a while, I told myself, coupled with the reflection of my own eagerness. I added Rohan's prince to the list of reasons why I had to find Imladris and return with a weapon, by any means necessary. Too many had put their trust in me to fail, and the dream of gold felt as heavy as the memories of their eyes. I simply wished I was not riding blind.