gone I'm certain she will find it easier to leave." "I also need this trip," Bilbo continued, cradling the cup of tea. "I feel old; I feel it is my time to see everything I've wanted to see before I get any older. Before I'm no longer able to." Gandalf watched the hobbit as he seemed to be lost in thought, his fingers fiddling with something in his vest pocket. "The last holiday of Bilbo Baggins." The hobbit concluded, bringing his hands back on to the table. The pair finished their tea in silence, each lost in his own thought. The time of the party finally came and everyone seemed to be glad that the wait did not last a moment longer. Music filled the air as dancing and drinking took place. Hobbits from all over the Shire crowded around the Party Tree, merrily taking part in the festivities. Luthien and Bilbo stood by, greeting hobbits as they filed in and accepting presents. "I can't stand much more of this," Muttered Bilbo to his niece. "I know you want to take part of the festivities too." Luthien grinned at her uncle while nodding her head in greeting an elderly pair of distantly related hobbits. "I suppose it wouldn't hurt to take part in dancing for a bit?" She said with a smile, taking her uncle by the hand. "Let's dance!" The crowd around the musician's gave way at Luthien's and Bilbo's approach. Soon Luthien was leading her much smaller uncle in a dance, laughing gaily as the amused faces of their friends swirled by. Gandalf laughed as he watched the pair, shaking his head as Luthien finally dizzied the hobbit beyond repair. Before long the girl claimed the wizard as her new victim, leaving poor Bilbo to rest with Sam. "Come on Merry, he's not looking now." Pippin stated as the pair rifled through Gandalf's assortment of fireworks. The cousins searched for the most attractive looking firework, coming across one that was shaped as a large red dragon. "This will do!" Pippin announced stealing it away before the wizard could catch wise. Luthien had finally ceased dancing, but not until she had gotten a hold of Sam for one last go. She now sat with Bilbo as she watched Sam dancing with Rose Cotton, a slightly dreamy look on her face. "My girl," Bilbo stated, leaning into his niece in order to talk in more privacy. "You've been a good niece, almost a daughter all these years." He said, the seriousness in his voice not easily mistaken as he locked eyes with the girl. "But I won't be around forever. I want you to realize that one day soon you must leave the Shire." Luthien stared down at her uncle with wide eyes, frowning she placed a hand on her uncles shoulder. "Why are you talking like that?" "Never mind, just keep that thought." The hobbit said as he rose from the bench. "I must get ready to give my speech now," He gave Luthien a long final look before turning about. "Good bye." He whispered as he walked away from the puzzled girl. Luthien was getting ready to chase after her uncle but she soon found Sam taking the seat the other hobbit had vacated. "Are you alright Miss Luthien?" He questioned, staring off after Bilbo as well. "Oh," Luthien placed her eyes on Sam with a smile, removing her uncle's words from her mind. "It's nothing Sam. How was your dance with Rose?" She questioned with a sly grin on her face as she watched the hobbit blush. "It was alright." Sam muttered, avoiding the girl's eyes. "It didn't look like an 'alright' dance to me. I don't think I've ever seen you smile that much." Luthien continued, her eyes catching Rose. "I think you two make a lovely couple." "She's much to pretty, Miss Luthien. I don't think she'd want someone as plain as me if you pardon my saying." Sam shifted a bit in his chair, his face a slight shade of red. "Nonsense, you're a very handsome hobbit." Luthien stated her eyes still on Rose. "She'd be lucky to have you." Sam stared up at the half elven girl, blushing. He opened his mouth to say something but the shrieking of a large firework kept him. The large dragon firework sailed up into the night sky, soon taking shape and sailing down towards the party. Screams filled the air as hobbits ran away from the flaming apparitions path, as it drew nearer many fell to the ground. Sam and Luthien were no exception, and when they raised their eyes again the dragon disappeared and in its place large starbursts appeared, filling the sky with reds and greens. Before long another much smaller firework was set off, this one simply was starbursts, accompanying the dragons' reds and greens with gold and blue. Before the third firework could be set off by Pippin and Merry the wizard had boxed them both on the ear. "Foolish hobbits." He barked as the cousins recoiled from the pain. Bilbo had taken the pause in the fireworks display as his chance to begin his speech. He had taken center stage, standing on a bench so that all those gathered could see him. "Oh look," Luthien stated, pointing to her uncle. "He's already started his speech. Come Sam, let's get a better view!" Once the pair reached the front Bilbo was already drawing his speech to a close. When he caught sight of his smiling niece his voice faltered slightly. "I have to take my leave now," He said, moving his left hand slowly to his vest's front pocket. "I have places to go, things to do." The last was muttered as he fingered the hidden ring, pulling it out and hiding it in his hand. "I regret to inform you that this is the end!" Catching the concerned look on Luthien's face Bilbo slipped the ring on, disappearing from her eyes.