voice had returned to its normal tenor. He fell to his knees, at her side, and wiped her mouth with one pale hand. She accepted the touch and looked him with tearful eyes. Then, took his hand and let him help her to stand up from the ground. Her legs were still shaky but she stood tall, trying too maintain a straight stance. "You talk to me like we have met before, but I don't remember you" "I know you from other lives, and time after time you have chosen the same" Infuriated by the statement she screamed at him. "If it's so, how is that you didn't just throw me into this adventure and save me from that sensation?" "Because it's not my decision" "Great! A Fallen Angel with principles," she inhaled deeply. Then petrified, a question surged from her mind and swiftly she asked "If it had happened before, how is that I am still condemned?" "Because you have never succeeded before" She was shocked. It took her some minutes to collect enough courage to ask again. "How many lives?" she asked, for a strange reason she knew the answer would not like her. "Hundreds, I lost the count after the first two hundred," he stated. He hurried to catch her, as she fainted. She stirred in her sleep, but didn't wake up. In fact, she hugged closer to the feathered surface that supported her head. Azriel was truly surprised that Katherine had just passed out. When he used his right wing to cradle her head she fell sound sleep. He poked her softly on the ribs with his finger. "Stop it, Legolas, I want no more sex with you, just let me sleep," she babbled. The Dark Angel looked at her puzzled. Then poked her again, this time harder. She woke up with a start. Then looked up at him with wide eyes. "Oh, no! It was not a bad dream!" Her face was the picture of despair. "No, and by your talking in your sleep, I deduce your dream with the Prince of Mirkwood was not bad, either," he said, amused. She blushed furiously and gulped. There it was that stupid Angel having fun at her expense. She could not help it. Legolas was the Elf of her dreams, even before she had seen the movie. She used to drool over her copy of "The Lord of The Rings" imagining how it would be to see him. The performance of Orlando Bloom had made it harder for her to resist it. He tried to help her to stand up again, but she slapped away the hand he offered, and rose to her feet. She realized that the rain had stopped, but her soaked clothes kept her body chilled. "Well, don't stand there just looking at me, what is my mission?" she asked, trying to look decisive, even when her inner self was as uneasy as a chicken in a party of foxes. "You will discover it in time. Right now, I'm only allowed to give you some things to help you to survive" He reached his hand to her face and put her fingertips on her forehead. A sudden rush of warmth ran through her body from head to toe. When he withdrew his hand her clothes were dry and she felt lightheaded. "Wow, what was that?" "That, my dear, was a little guarantee to keep you from catching pneumonia. And, an awakening of some of your dormant abilities. I have another gift for you, but you have to promise me that you will use it only in cases of extreme danger. It is a weapon for justice not for vengeance or selfish intentions," he said, and withdrew a sword in a scabbard from the pleats of his robe. The sheath was black adorned with embroiled vines and leaves of gold. He drew the sword from its case and the blade sparkled with a cold silver light. It was magnificent, as though the Angel had a star in his hand. He sheathed the sword and handed it to her. She took it with reverence, but when the weight pulled her arms down she let it fall unceremoniously to the floor. "Am I supposed to use that to defend my self? I can not lift it!" she said, picking up the weapon with both hands and grimacing by the effort. "Grow stronger." The Angel took out a belt from nowhere and wrapped it around her waist. Then took the sword and adjusted it to the belt. "Great, I will have a fractured hip, before the day ends!" she complained, the extra weight made her drag her feet. He produced a black cape and put it over her shoulders, clasping it with a silver brooch shaped like a dragon with extended wings. "Tell me how is it that God designated a Fallen Angel to be my guardian?" She wrapped the cape around her body and pulled the hood over her head. "My destiny is bounded to your destiny. But I can not tell you right now, you will know it in time" His face grew paler, if that was possible. "Oh, that is so illustrative!" she sighed "Now what?" "Your task begins, and I cannot accompany you. But I will follow your progress from time to time." She widened her eyes. 'So, that's it, he will leave me alone in this Godforsaken place!'. But she had agreed to stay, and she always kept her promises. She was stubborn by nature. "Ok, what did I do to deserve damnation?" she asked. "I cannot tell, you will discover..." "In time, I know, I know," she rolled her eyes, suspecting that he was not going to answer her questions, not directly anyway. She saw how he started to fade in the air, like a cloud shredded by the breeze. "At least, tell me where am I?" "Welcome to Middle Earth, Katherine," he said and disappeared. "Middle Earth?" she cried out. TBC