sadness and resignment to it. Aragorn furiously kicked a heavy Orc helmet. He screamed in rage and grief, sinking to his knees. "AAARGH!" "We failed them." Gimli said, his voice shaking. Kestrel shook her head. "We failed everyone. Gandalf is dead. Boromir is dead. Merry and Pippin are most likely dead. Frodo and Sam are gone, traveling by themselves to Mordor. We cannot follow them. Our part in this quest has failed." Legolas bent down, whispering in her ear. "Have faith, Kestrel. Remember, you will not perish in this war. We need to defeat Sauron and rescue the other Heirs." Suddenly something caught Kestrel's eye. There were obvious tracks in the soft ground. "What's this?" Aragorn glanced over to the tracks. He ran his hands over them. "A hobbit lay here, and the other, here." He got up, following the tracks. "They crawled." Kestrel followed the Ranger, as did Legolas and Gimli. Okay, I'm already lost. What the heck? "Their hands were bound." Aragorn said, kneeling down and scanning the ground for further clues. He picked up a frayed length of rope. "Their bonds were cut." Okay, I get how you got that. DUH! You didn't need to tell us that 'their bonds were cut'! Aragorn got up, following the marks in the soft ground. "They ran over here. They were followed." Kestrel could now see clear tracks, leading towards the forest. "They headed into the forest." she said, running along the tracks. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli followed her. Suddenly she stopped in front of the forest. It gave her an involuntary shudder. The trees were dense and dark with a sense of foreboding around them. Gimli, who had arrived panting next to her, looked up. "Fangorn? What madness drove them in there?" "Perhaps it was madness, and perhaps it was not. If I were a little hobbit, not well versed in the arts of fighting, I would have seen the forest as a refuge, a place to hide." Legolas said. Kestrel nodded. "They were followed. Now let's hope that whatever was following them is dead, and that they are not. We're heading in, right, Aragorn?" Aragorn stepped forward, entering the forest. "Right, Kestrel. Come on." Kestrel entered a step behind Aragorn. "Come on! It's just a forest!" "No. It's not just a forest. Keep your voice down. The trees in Fangorn can think, talk, and hear. Be careful." Legolas said in a low voice. Then, "Come ON, Gimli!" She looked back, seeing the dwarf framed in a small window of light – the plains of Rohan. He was hesitating, evidently frightened of the forest. "It's all right!" she shouted to Gimli. He hesitated a moment longer, then took a step forward, soon reaching them. Kestrel tsk-tsked and shook her head at Legolas. "And you tell ME to keep my voice down? Hypocrite." 0oO0oO0oO0oO0 Even though they had made a couple of wrong turns in the day that had passed since they entered Fangorn, Aragorn seemed to know what he was looking at, even if the rest of them did not. I suppose he's following tracks, though how he can see them in this dim half-light is beyond me. Gimli stopped from in front of her, fingering a dark blob of…something on a leaf. He raised his hand, licking his finger. Ewwww. What if that's something gross, like Orc blood? True to her expectations, he spat it out, wrinkling his nose. "Orc blood!" Figures. Aragorn suddenly stopped, bending down to examine the ground. "These are strange tracks." Kestrel hurried over, looking at the indents in the ground. What the heck made those? The only thing that Kestrel could think of was the top of Gandalf's staff, now lost in Moria. A bunch of branches…all higgledy-piggledy without any real order. She looked back over her shoulder. Gimli was glancing around furtively, as if expecting something to leap out at them. "The air is so…close in here." "And I suppose it's not in the equally big chambers in Moria, eh?" Kestrel asked sarcastically. Legolas, also looking around, said, "This forest is old. Very old. Full of memory…and anger." "What do you mean, anger?" she asked, curious. "Memories, too. Memories of all the wrongs done to the forest, of all the trees burned, of all the animals killed. Anger has sprung from these memories." Legolas replied cryptically. Kestrel pressed, "WHOSE anger?" Suddenly a echoing moan reverbrated through the trees. Gimli raised his axe. "The trees are speaking to each other!" Legolas said in awe. Aragorn whispered urgently, "Gimli!" "Huh?" he replied, totally clueless. "Lower your axe!" Kestrel replied. "You're threatening them!" Gimli lowered his battle-axe. "Oh." Legolas moved forward, whispering to Aragorn in Elvish. The Ranger replied with a question, also in Elvish. "The White Wizard approaches." Legolas said with a low voice. "Be on your guard." Kestrel unsheathed her dagger, poising it to throw as Aragorn warned, "Do not let him speak. He will put a spell on us. We must be quick." Suddenly, she could see the bright light in front of her. She let fly her dagger, along with Gimli's axe and Legolas' arrow. They were all deflected harmlessly, the dagger and the axe clattering on the forest floor. Shoot. Screw you, Saruman! With a cry, Aragorn dropped his sword. Kestrel noted with horror that the blade had become red-hot, still shining even after it was dropped. What the heck? "You are tracking the footsteps of two young hobbits." the White Wizard – Saruman – said. His voice sounded familiar, though Kestrel could say with all certainity that she had never heard Saruman speak before. Aragorn asked, "Where are they?" "They passed this way the day before yesterday. They met someone they did not expect. Does that comfort you?" the White Wizard replied. "Who are you? What do you want?" she asked through gritted teeth, her hand on Lemrocalir's hilt. Aragorn ordered, "Show yourself!" Higgledy-piggledy. I love that word-phrase-thingy. Review! There's a point to that shiny gray button down there!