so, tell us that you are not allowing those useless beings to go with our brother on the most dangerous journey of his life!" Elrond's eyes flashed with anger, "They are not useless Elladan! Everyone has a purpose just because you do not understand it does not mean it is non-existent." Elrohir quickly intervened, "We are just concerned ada. Estel is going to face the dark lord's minions and possibly reclaim the throne of Gondor but we won't be there to protect him." Elrond motioned his sons into seats, "My sons I know you want to protect your brother and I respect and admire that but, Mithrandir feels it is important for the two youngest halflings to go on this quest and who am I to argue with the logic of a wizard?" Elrond took a deep breath and said the thing he most feared to admit, "Before he insisted the halflings be allowed to go I was considering sending two from this house." The heads of both twins came up expectantly, "But I never considered sending you because . . ." Elladan suddenly shot to his feet and coldly interrupted his father's explanation, "Why not? Are your sons not worthy of sending on this quest? Are we not skilled warriors? Ada, we have trained our whole lives for this task: how could you keep it from us? How could you let Estel face this challenge without us there to comfort and encourage him?" Elrond didn't get up from his seat but instead leaned forward and indicated that Elladan should sit down. Once his eldest was seated the elf lord took a deep breath to control his emotions then continued "I was not going to send you because I can not stand the thought of losing one son let alone three on a quest I should have prevented." The twins stared open-mouthed at their father for uncounted moments before Elrohir was able to find his voice, "Ada, this is not your doing! The blame for this belongs to Isildur, not to Isildur's heir or to you but to Isildur alone." The younger twin knelt before his father and took the elder elf's hands between his own, "Ada, you tried to get Isildur to destroy the ring, but he defied logic and kept that tainted object. It was his choice and his doom, there was nothing else you could have done." The younger elf looked deep into his father's eyes, "Please do not add the blame of this quest to the burdens already on your shoulders you do not deserve it and we would not have you suffer needlessly." Elrohir paused and took a quick look at his twin then looked back at their father, "While we do not agree with the decision to send the young halflings we will respect your wishes." Elrond beamed at his sons. "Thank you my sons, it will greatly lighten my heart to have the two of you near at hand." Elrond took another deep breath, "Later I may have to send you out to aid your brother, but until that time I will need you to help me protect Imladris from the fell creatures." At that moment there was a knock on the door and without waiting to receive permission Glorfindel, Aragorn and Arwen entered the room, "We thought it would be wise to check on you three." Glorfindel explained. He looked them each up and down then turned to Elrond, "No blood shed?" Elrond just smirked at his friend but Elladan became indignant, "Are you insinuating my lord Glorfindel that Elrohir and I are unable to understand reason and act in a civilized manner?" Glorfindel was not affected at all by the twin's demeanor, "When it comes to the safety of your siblings – yes". Everyone smiled at Glorfindel's statement because it was common knowledge that anyone who threatened a sibling of the Peredhil twins had just made their last mistake. Elrohir flashed an apologetic smile at their human brother, "We're sorry we will not be coming with you Estel; we wanted to but on this issue we had to give in to ada." Estel smiled at the group of assembled elves, "Do not feel guilty about sending me out to do this. I've spent my whole life preparing to free Middle Earth from the oppression of evil. Now I get the chance and even if I do not live to see it come to fruition at least I know that I tried to right the wrongs of my ancestor." He paused and walked across the room coming to a halt directly in front of his brothers, "I would rather have you here guarding my childhood home and those I love than running about Middle Earth with me on a fool's quest." He gave his brothers a lopsided grin, "That's Legolas' job." The twins smiled at their younger brother but Aragorn noticed that the smiles were not reaching their eyes. "Please do not do this, do not spend this time brooding when it may be our last days together." Tears pooled in the ranger's eyes as he reached across and stroked his brother's cheeks, "If the worse happens I do not want my last memories of you to be like this but instead I want to recall you as the fun loving elves who play pranks on the innocent inhabitants of Imladris. Try to put aside the what ifs' and lets just enjoy the present – while we are all together." Elrond smiled as his three sons embraced each other tightly. Yes, they would have to survey the borders for orc activity but not this night and not for many to come. Right now was not the time to speak of evil but rather it was time to unite in love so that they would have the strength to face the challenges which were to come. The End Translations periannath – elvish name for hobbits ada – dad 7 Council of a father