to your brother-in-law that our son is nine years old, fallen from an animal he has no business riding, and obviously in pain. I understand that we must all make sacrifices, but war has not come to Belfalas in the last fifteen years, not since you sailed out with Captain Thorongil." From the gleam in the lady's sea-gray eyes as she brought up the Steward's old rival, gone but for the legends since well before Erchirion's time, she was willing to bring that war if she had to. "Let the boys be boys, Ainaelin," her husband soothed her, or at least attempted to. The skittish roan was easier to calm than the worried mother. "If Erchirion wants to ride my horse, then he'll ride both ways." At his wife's continued skepticism, Prince Imrahil positioned himself at the roan's head, took the gray's reins from his nephew, and motioned for Boromir to set Erchirion up on the gelding. Normally, Erchirion would protest that he was big enough to mount by himself, even if it was his father's long-legged gelding instead of his own stubby pony, but his arm was a dull ache and the steward and prince's eyes sent ripples of guilt through his spine. From his mother's expression, Erchirion was becoming less and less certain that this could end well, but the men had determined that he should face the consequences of this mess he'd made and Erchirion had never been one to back down from a challenge because of fear for the consequences. He would just lean on his cousin's strong arms as he was boosted up and depend on his father to guide him home safe, but he could grit his teeth and bear this task they had set him. "I'll be right here," Prince Imrahil assured his wife and son, the roan's reins firmly in hand. Lord Denethor had refused Boromir's offer of the blocky gray mare, choosing to walk back between the horses, on the other side of Prince Imrahil from the princess. "Well, as long as you've learned something from this, Erchirion," his mother sniffed. Princess Ainaelin of Dol Amroth was not nearly as tactful or graceful in defeat as her husband, but two decades of being in-law to Lord Denethor had taught her when it was best to surrender the argument, however grudgingly. "Yes, Mother," Erchirion replied in the same meek tone. The boy was feeling a little less meek after getting home, having his arm seen to - nothing broken, much to his mother's relief, but enough bruising around the gash that the healers thought it best to keep his arm in a sling the next few weeks anyway, - and conversations with his brothers. While Elphir tried to be very patient with his younger siblings, he tended to express his worry for their hurts and disasters the same way their mother did: nagging until Erchirion was ready to pick a fight just to shut his brother's mouth. Amrothos expressed proper awe at Erchirion's daring escapades, but having a six-year-old backing him up against their elder brother was less useful when said six-year-old kept demanding to see his battle wound and poking at it. Lothiriel was even worse, trying to cling to his wounded arm as if afraid her big brother would leave her forever. Irritated, Erchirion did his best to shake them off and seek out his eldest cousin. "Boromir? Promise me you won't tell Faramir about this, will you?" Erchirion knew Faramir would hear about it one way or another; Elphir was a shameless snitch and what Lord Denethor and Prince Imrahil knew made its way to the steward's younger son sooner or later, but Boromir was one that Erchirion trusted to keep his secrets, for what they were worth. His grown cousin had mussed his hair fondly before leaning in closer. "I promise I won't tell him that you fell off Uncle's horse if you don't tell him that I let you ride it unaccompanied." This admission rather surprised Erchirion. "I got up there all by myself. You weren't even in the stables at the same time." There was no reason for Boromir to feel guilty. "Aye, but I promised him that I'd look out for the four of you while he's training in the garrison. What shall I say to him when he and my men are safe and sound when I return, whereas you've managed to turn your arm into a heraldry of bruises?" Erchirion shrugged helplessly at his elder cousin's half-teasing. Somehow Boromir sounded less confident of the soldiers' safety than the boy figured he would; Boromir was an excellent soldier, but he was not the only good man out there who could help protect Faramir. Faramir was eighteen and quite able to fend for himself, in Erchirion's eyes. But then Boromir treated them all like Princess Ainaelin of Dol Amroth and her eldest son did, sometimes, - as if they were going to break the moment he took his eyes off them, - Boromir was just a touch more subtle about it. "I'm a colorful cousin," Erchirion declared when he could no longer bear his elder's too-quiet smile. Boromir chuckled, and Erchirion could pretend that the laughter had reached the man's eyes, as well. Boromir still hadn't said much about what it was like out in the garrison and the battlefield, even with all the questions Erchirion and his brothers had asked him earlier. Normally, any mention of the military would spark a fresh round of curious interrogation, but for now the boy was content to let Boromir guide their conversation. "That you are," Boromir agreed. "And no doubt we'll both be even more colorful by the end of this trip if you keep to your unscheduled lessons." That sounded all too much like a challenge, and Erchirion couldn't help himself. "So you'll take me riding again tomorrow?" The twenty-three-year-old laughed and shook his head at his younger cousin's tenacity, and for today, it was enough.