you he will seek out first for his revenge." "You speak of threats? Then know this. If your breeze of a master tries to fight me, then I shall respond by assembling an army so vast and powerful that it would make Isildur quake in terror, and I will drive you and your fellows away to the farthest reaches of the East. I say again: begone!" So the emissary retreated back to the dark tower where his master resided, not willing to take the dragon's threat seriously when he really, really should have. The time eventually came when war was inevitable and the forces of darkness once again sought to take over the world. On one side was a ring-less Sauron and his disgraced collection of orcs and monsters that had been sent fleeing across the land in years prior. On the other side were the forces of Men, commanded by Smaug and assembled as a mixture of volunteers, mercenaries, and many unhappy draftees from all over Middle Earth. In comparison to the army that had destroyed Sauron all those years before, it was certainly lacking in both stature and character, but it more than made up for it in volume and the quality of its equipment. Of particular note were their weapons, which included devices built by Saruman that could fire chunks of metal over great distances at incredibly high speeds. Those devices did the most work when Smaug's army utterly decimated Sauron's forces and drove the Dark Lord to lands far away. To the dragon, however, this event was merely a footnote to something far more important: the construction of a trans-continental railroad. "Now, be reasonable, Lord Elrond," Smaug said. "I think you understand the value that Rivendell could hold as a resort. The beauty of this place is captivating, yes, and that would attract tourists from all the world! And all that money could help touch this place up quite a bit." "What would you know of beauty, dragon?" Elrond snarled. "Everywhere one looks across the places under your rule, there is naught but filth in the sky, in the water, and in the earth! You have done nothing but pollute and damage everything you have touched." "Oh please. Stop pretending like any of you pointy eared rabbits really care about that," the dragon crooned. "You pretend to be so high and mighty, so deeply concerned for the fate of this land, but what have you ever really done about it? You've been content to sit in your ivory towers the whole time when orcs and devils were taking over the wilderness and spreading their pollution. Nor did you ever make any attempt to stop my own machinations. You have power, you have always had power, but you've never cared to use it for this place. You've always been content to sit back and watch it die, while you lounge around and write your rancid poetry and songs about how awful it is that things are just so much worse compared to the good old days. Well, I have news for you. This world most certainly isn't dying or wasting away. Far from it. It's becoming stronger and more powerful than ever before. It may be leaving you behind, but that's your fault for not being willing to accept or enact change." Elrond looked hurt, but refused to back down to Smaug's words. "I refuse to listen to any more of your wicked words, dragon. Leave this place now." "I wouldn't act so harsh, my dear friend. I have a proposition that you'd be most interested in learning about." "Oh?" "I know you want to leave. To get on a great big ship and sail far away from here. But I own all the ports on the west coast, and I think that an elf with your poor attitude has no place on such a ship. Unless, of course, you were to change your opinion on selling Rivendell; then I might reconsider my opinion on this matter." Many said there was a certain magic to the land of Middle Earth, back in the olden days. They also said that magic felt diminished when when any one man could see all of it within their lifetime. And when many different places all looked rather similar, with the same style of buildings for the same kinds of towns selling the same kinds of things you could find anywhere else. It was true that there were things about the old times that people didn't miss. The untamed lands had many dangers, and it seemed that there was a malevolent force that was predestined to eventually conquer the world and reduce it to ashes. Nowadays, you could drive out to the other side of the world and watch that same force mull about in a cage, and possibly throw rotten tomatoes at it if you were lucky. The evils of the day were much more petty. It was the coughing that you got from breathing the air in the cities for too long, the anger you felt at your neighbors for being too loud when you were trying to work, and the irritation at having to see your tax money go to things you didn't want but your neighbors and estranged family members did. Smaug looked with interest at one of the newest creations the wonders of technology had wrought. It was a device that could play a bunch of pictures so rapidly that they resembled a square shaped slice of reality that could be projected onto a screen. Smaug had never written anything in his life, being content to have others do that job for him, but having his likeness recorded directly and played back struck him as a beautiful method of communicating. He resolved to use this to tell the story of how he had come to rule over Middle Earth, starting with a recreation of how he had met the strange spirit named Underhill all those years ago...