I'll wait for him by the gate," he said. "And thankee for the hospitality." Bilbo, smitten with a dry mouth, could only nod affirmation. "And Master Bilbo, when ye be seein' the lad, tell him…" Gamgee cleared his throat. "Tell him he's made his point, fair and square. Tell him I said…" The gardener straightened his jacket and looked Bilbo in the eye. "There'll be no whippin'—today or otherwise." He turned away and was out of the door before Bilbo could think of a reply to his loyal gardener. -- Sam rushed into the kitchen, where Frodo had disappeared only moments earlier. But Frodo was not there, and Sam dared not make his dad wait—their relationship, though mended, would be delicate for awhile and Sam would be the one to make the world all right again. Best to start well, and not aggravate his father today. He grabbed his jacket and a small bag that Bilbo had packed and labeled with Sam's name, leaving it on the table for him to find. "Thank you, Mr. Bilbo, for puttin' me up and takin' care of me 'n all," he said, returning to the parlor. He held the bag up with both hands. "And for this, too. I'll bring it back tomorrow after chores." "No need, my boy. It's yours—I think it's fair to say you've more than earned it. I'll see you soon, eh?" Bilbo held out his hand. Sam looked at it, surprised. Bilbo had always been kind to him, shown him the greatest deference, but they had never shaken hands. The hand remained where it was, and a kindly smile graced the elder Baggins' features. Sam shifted the bag to one hand and drew himself up. He gripped Bilbo's fingers in his own and was surprised at the strength he felt in them. The two hobbits looked at each other, hands firmly clasped, and grinned. "Aye, you will, Sir. 'Will you—tell Mr. Frodo I—well, just tell him I'll talk to him later." Sam glanced out the open door, where his father waited by the gate. "My Gaffer's waitin'." He let go of Bilbo's hand. "G'bye, Sir." "Goodbye, Samwise Gamgee. I'll give Frodo your message." Hamfast, seeing the smiles on both hobbits' faces, threw up a wave and held the gate for Sam, then the two Gamgees set off down the path toward home. -- Frodo sat in the garden shed, listening to sounds of goodbyes, the gate closing, and footsteps retreating down the lane. He was dry-eyed, but his heart felt strangely empty and cold. He took a deep breath, but it did little to ease the deep ache in his breast. Soon he heard footsteps coming along the path that cut across the garden to the shed, and turned to face Bilbo when he opened the door. Bilbo stood there a moment, his curly hair a halo in the clear sunlight. The elder Baggins' features were thrown in shadow; Frodo could just discern his outline. "Hello, Uncle." "My boy." "They're gone?" "Yes." Frodo stood, hastily, adjusting his braces, looking at Bilbo in what he hoped was a cheerful aspect. "Are you hungry, Uncle? I thought I'd unwrap that cheese Mistress Hardbottle put up for us last…" "Frodo…" "You know, I've been practicing my cooking skills while you were away," Frodo rattled on, making as if to leave the darkness of the shed, but Bilbo did not budge. "Frodo..." "Poor Sam was my test subject, but I managed not to kill him…" But Bilbo was not to be put off. He stepped close to his nephew, put his hands on the boy's shoulders, and pulled him into a strong hug. He felt Frodo's body go rigid, but was not deterred, continuing to hold the lad and patting him occasionally on the back. Slowly, the stiffness disappeared and the lad relaxed against Bilbo, putting his own arms around his uncle. "I'm very proud of you, my boy," Bilbo whispered. Frodo didn't answer, but the elder hobbit could feel a sudden dampness on his shirt, triggering a prickle behind his own eyes. Finally, he pulled away, clearing his throat and blinking hard. "Just look at you, Frodo! You'd think I'd taught you better than to go around with your shirt half out of your breeches!" he fussed. Frodo smiled faintly, tucking his shirt in properly and following his uncle out of the shed. The two hobbits walked to the edge of the garden, looking out over the turned earth which smelled heavenly in the unexpected warmth of the fall morning, a smell only hobbits could fully appreciate. "He's done an excellent job," Bilbo said, reaching for his pipe. "Yes." "He'll make you a fine gardener some day." "Yes." Bilbo puffed on his pipe, blowing out the match and watching the smoke rise from the bowl. He turned and placed a hand on Frodo's shoulder. "He's already an excellent friend." Frodo looked at him intently for a moment, then a smile slowly spread across his face, clearing away many things. "Aye," he replied, nodding. "He is, indeed." There was silence between the two hobbits for a few minutes while Bilbo enjoyed the rest of his pipe. When it was finally out and the ashes scattered over the garden, Bilbo placed both hands on the front of his weskit. "Well, I think I need a little repast after all this. What do you say to tea and biscuits? Perhaps that cheese you were talking about?" Frodo threw his arm around Bilbo's shoulders. "I'd like that very much, Uncle, but under one condition." "What's that?" "You sit and be comfortable, and I'll make the tea." "What's all this?" Bilbo sputtered playfully as they approached the kitchen door. "Nothing, Uncle," Frodo said, opening the door and standing aside to let Bilbo in. "Nothing at all." He hesitated a moment, looking out over the garden, and smiled to himself. "Just something Sam taught me," he whispered. And he went in and closed the door. The End