replied, standing with the door ajar. "You put in a good day's work. You're doin' fine, and I'll be sure to tell Rory." The boy broke into a grin and suddenly lost his voice. "Thanks," he replied hoarsely. Then he was gone. The meal went on, comfortable but brief, as it was time for bed soon after. Everyone went to their proper resting places and prepared for sleep. Everyone, that is, but one, who was not sleepy because he'd sneaked a nap that afternoon, and who wanted a little fun before he turned in. No one saw the shadowy figure that soon followed the fast-darkening path Frodo had pursued only a few minutes before. -- Frodo slogged on as quickly as his aching limbs would carry him. He was half dead on his feet and was almost glad he was shivering with cold—it helped keep him awake. It wouldn't do to step off the path now it was getting so dark, and with the rain there was no moon or starlight to help guide him along the way. He was finding it progressively harder to see the trail and was soon stumbling over roots and stones which lay in his path. At this rate, it'll be ten o'clock before I get home , he drearily realized. That was the way of it; nothing to do but cross his arms for warmth and make his way home as quickly as could be managed. Frodo was walking slowly, head down to better see the path, when he heard a hateful laugh just behind him. Turning quickly, he saw a figure standing in the lane, but couldn't make out the person's features. Still, he guessed who it was. "Delb?" he queried. "Del- bo to you," was the surly reply. "Are you going to Buckland?" asked young Baggins, at a loss. "Na. Just wanted to finish what we started earlier." Frodo bristled. He was tired, he was sore, and he was in no mood to listen to Delbo's prattle. He just wanted to go home, to go to bed. . . "It wasn't anything, Delbo. Let's just leave it, shall we?" he offered, and turned to continue down the path. "Wasn't anything?" said the husky hobbit, his tone changing from churlish play to anger. "It's because of you Maggot called me down today. I don't take kindly to that." "Is it an apology you want?" Frodo asked, turning again to face Delbo. "Very well. I'm SORRY," he said, emphasizing each syllable. "Now can't we just forget. . ." "I don't forget, Baggins!" yelled Delbo, and gave the smaller hobbit a tremendous shove. Taken off-guard, Frodo tripped over his own feet and landed hard on his back, striking his head a glancing blow off a rock. He was knocked silly for a minute or two, which probably saved him from further abuse at the hands of the farm-hand. Delbo bent over, making sure Frodo wasn't pretending, and nudged the boy in the side with his foot. When Frodo didn't move, the bully's cowardly nature presented itself and he ran back to Maggot's farm as fast as his legs could take him, leaving Frodo lying in the muddy path alone. -- Frodo woke coughing, spitting out water and shaking violently. He didn't know how long he'd been knocked out, ached too much to care. He stood up, swaying, and put a hand to the back of his head, finding a great knot at the base of his skull. Getting his bearings, he set off again on the trail, new freshets of pain pouring across his back like the rain pelting his shrinking flesh. As he walked, the boy clenched his teeth against the cold and tried to put everything out of his mind except reaching home. Home , where there was a bed, a fire, and safety. Nearly an hour later a bedraggled hobbit entered a side door at Buckland and staggered to his room, clutching the wall for support. Too exhausted except to pull off his soggy clothes, letting them lay where they fell, Frodo crawled into the soft bed and pulled the covers up over his head. The bed shook with his shivering for a little while, then he slept like a dead thing. -- "Where is that boy?" Maggot asked for the third time, wiping his mouth on a napkin and pushing his plate away. "Here I was bragging on him yesterday and he's not shown up yet," the stocky farmer grumbled. At the end of the table, Delbo shot him a surreptitious glance, then quickly looked down at his plate again. "He'll be here, Maggot," said his wife, passing a bowl of scrambled eggs to one of her sons. "I have faith in the boy, and you should, too." No sooner had the words left her mouth than the door opened and Frodo stood there, wiping his feet. He sported a hat and jacket today, and a pair of gloves stuck half out of a breeches pocket. "Good morning, Mr. Maggot, Mistress Maggot," he greeted them. "Good morning," he added, smiling at the seated group. This morning there was no standoffishness. All but one of the party greeted Frodo cheerfully, and Mrs. Maggot rose from her seat. "Sit here, Frodo," she offered. "There's enough left to keep body and soul on speakin' terms." Frodo stepped back. "No, thank you, Mistress. I'm late as it is. I think I'll just check those mushrooms we talked about, Sir," he said, turning from the farm wife to the farmer. "They might be ready for harvest today," he finished. Maggot grinned despite himself. The boy learns quickly , he thought. "You do that. I'll be along in a minute." Frodo nodded and was gone. "You watch after him today, Maggot," she admonished her husband. "He still looks peaked to me." "You worry too much, Mother," Maggot cajoled, tweaking her ear. See you at nuncheon." "Aye, that you will," she answered pertly, and turned to her work.