actually." "Why would they not want to?" "Well…"the elleth thought about how to answer for a second, then looked up at Legolas, "you are Lord Aragorn's friend, so you should know well that he is very protective of those he loves. Let's just say that there are few people he cares as much about as Lady Anwamanë. He is very…fierce when it comes to having people respect her. Then there is Mithrandir, which is much the same. I still remember the time one of the elves though he could have his way with her…I do not think he has recovered quite yet. But, above all that, Lady Anwamanë is one of the gentlest creatures alive. She does anything that is asked of her with no complain, she respects all creatures of the Middle Earth, and she is, altogether, the sweetest elleth I have ever known. Anyway, good luck to you on whatever brought you to Rivendell…if I were you I would try and apologize to her as soon as possible…" The elleth winked at him and gave him some ale and a basket with bread and fruit and sent him on his way. Legolas just wandered around Rivendell, lost in his own thoughts. He did remember Aragorn talking excitedly about his "little sister," and Arwen telling him of the young girl whom Mithrandir had raised in the arts of the Istar (wizard). For a long time he had wanted to meet her, and he could not believe when he finally had he had treated her like a mere servant. Still lost in his thoughts he did not realize when he came upon Aragorn and Lúthien in one of the gardens. Aragorn was facing away from him, talking animatedly with Lúthien, and so he did not realize, but Lúthien did, and stiffened, remembering the previous night. Slowly she stood up and fell into a curtsey, and Aragorn, surprised, turned around to see whom she was curtseying to with such fear in her eyes, only to be severely surprised to find his lifelong friend standing there. " Selli , why do you curtsey like that? Why won't you meet my friend's eyes, looking away with such fear?" (Sister) Lúthien still looked to the floor, not rising from her curtsey, her eyes filled with fear. Aragorn turned to look at Legolas, feeling anger rising in him. "Legolas, you would not happen to know what is causing my sister such distress. Would you ?" The last phrase was spoken coldly, as if Aragorn could barely constrain his anger. "Well…I might have a slight idea," he said, as he slowly backed away. He did not like the look in Aragorn's eyes, having seen it various times right before battle. "Legolas, tell me!" Aragorn's eyes filled with a strange fire, his fist tightening around the hilt of his sword. Legolas looked around wildly for an escape route, but found none. "I arrived late last night, and I was very tired…just as I arrived…uh…someone came down to the yard and curtsied. I was not in the mood for formality…you know how I get when I am tired…and I was horribly tired—I had been traveling for three days nonstop! — So I might have said some things I should not have…maybe even made a small threat?" At this point Aragorn exploded. He unsheathed his sword and in two seconds he was pinning Legolas up against a wall with his sword at his neck. Legolas looked down at the sword, his face filled with fear. Aragorn pressed the sword slightly against his neck, not quite drawing blood, a set expression on his face, when a voice stopped him. " Otorno! Tampa !" (Brother! Stop!) Aragorn slightly lightened his hold on Legolas, and the elf soon backed away from him. Lúthien stood a few paces behind Aragorn, and he looked at her concernedly. " Selli, lle lakwenien? Si nadorhuan— " (Sister, are you kidding? This cowardly dog—) "—is your best friend. He did not strike me, nor did he touch me in any way. He just spoke to me in an inappropriate manner. Eru knows that happens constantly! Now, the both of you shake hands and make up!" Aragorn glared at Legolas, and Legolas tried to smile shakily. "Sister, a man who threatens my family is no friend of mine." "I have forgiven him already," Lúthien said calmly, "why can't you do the same?" Aragorn looked at Lúthien's saddened expression and nodded. He turned to look at Legolas and extended his hand for the elf to shake. The elf smiled and walked over, shaking Aragorn's hand like nothing had happened between them. Even if he would never admit it, Lúthien could see Aragorn was happy. Legolas had been his friend for years, and it would be an utter shame if they were not to continue in that friendship. Lúthien would have never forgiven herself if Aragorn and Legolas stopped being friends because of her. Sighing she turned around and silently left in the direction of the library, where she would re-take her reading. Maybe Gandalf would come back soon, and if he did he would be very displeased to see she had not finished the reading he'd assigned her. Down in the garden Aragorn was talking with Legolas, somewhat colder than usual, but still in a friendly manner. Soon the conversation steered to Lúthien. "So," asked Legolas, "what is your sister's first name? I have only heard her referred to as Lady Anwamanë or Sister." Aragorn raised an eyebrow and looked at Legolas off the corner of his eye. He had received many letters from Legolas talking about the mysterious elleth he had found in the forest, before he had pushed those thoughts back in his mind. "Lúthien. Her name is Lúthien." Suddenly Legolas' eyes shot open. He remembered the young elleth in the forest, how she had called for Gandalf, and how he had come and taken her away…It all fit, she was Lúthien, the elleth from the forest!