of your mother and father, and look to the day when we will see them again. May Ilúvatar guide your heart, your happiness, and your journeys... Uncle Bilbo Frodo folded the letter, soft and creased from many readings, and looked at his surroundings. The cart moved slowly in the early afternoon, its driver sparing the pony after a long morning's march. Bilbo had offered to pick him up, but Frodo knew he could not bear to stay at Brandy Hall very long after he had said goodbye to everyone. In the two weeks it had taken to inform everyone he was going to live with his Uncle, give up his work in Rushy, and go over some legal affairs with Rorimac and Saradoc, Frodo was barraged with questions and well-wishes from everyone he knew (and some he didn't), 'til he found himself, despite the homesickness he had begun to feel, wishing he were already away. Why did goodbyes have to be so painful? Just thinking about Buckland, about the old hall, his aunts and uncles, cousins and old playmates, made his chest ache. And Merry. Dear little Merry, who threw his stuffed oliphaunt at Frodo when his older cousin told him he would be leaving Buckland and moving to a far-off place he'd never seen, who screamed in anger and stamped his foot and told Frodo he would never, ever speak to him again, and then threw himself into young Baggins' arms, sobbing so hard it wrenched tears from his older cousin. Courageous little Merry who was often too brave for his age, whom Frodo had several times saved from his own rashness though secretly admiring the child's fierceness of heart. Tender little Merry who had tried to comfort Frodo over the long winter after Allysum had gone away, though his own child's heart longed for his Allie. Frodo stifled a sob, looking around to see if Tad had heard him. But Tad, one of the Crickhollow villagers, and more than willing to give up a day in the fields to drive young Mr. Frodo to Hobbiton, was humming to himself and munching an apple, and took no notice of any little sounds his passenger made. Frodo knew that he would see Merry again, and often, and that he was right in his choice of going to live with his uncle, but he felt as torn in two as Allie must have felt when she learned she had relatives who not only acknowledged her as one of their own, but wanted to bring her back into their family and give her their name. The month was May now, and she had been in the Southfarthing since last September. Her letters were frequent at first, full of longing for Frodo and Merry, missing their jaunts and adventures, and expressing a vague hope that there may be some kind of future for them after they had come of age. Frodo's letters were similar, though shorter. But as time went on, their letters became more general, telling of the goings-on of their respective homes, their separate lives which, it was evident, were heading in vastly different directions. Frodo realized that this kind of thing happened, and not infrequently, to people who would never have thought they could live a day without the other but, when finding themselves in such situations, adjusted without too great a pang other than a certain wistful memory that faded as the years went by. At least that was the impression he got from Allie's most recent letters. She was ensconced in a reputable, long-established farming family – much like Farmer Maggot's household – and was not only learning new skills but allowed to indulge in such things as music and drawing. Her letters were happy, her writing much improved and confident, and she was unmistakably thriving in a family of hobbits who loved her. Clearly Allie deserved this, and Frodo would never tell her that his own heart still yearned for his lovely Allysum Holdfast, whom he would have asked to marry him when he had come of age. So many things had changed when she left: he would never more work to learn the trade of a barrister, never more harbor hopes of buying back and fixing up his parents' old home. His life would play out in a different way now, as a gentlehobbit of the Shire, heir to Bag End and wanting for nothing. Frodo breathed deeply, savoring the scent of Mayflowers and growing, green things. He straightened his shoulders and climbed up onto the front seat with Tad, asking questions about the lad's family and where he grew up. When they pulled into the lane next to Bag End, his Uncle Bilbo would see him fresh and eager for his new life in Hobbiton, and he would do everything within his power to be a blessing and not a burden to his older cousin. As they passed the mill and the old tavern and made their way up the winding lane toward the smial under the hill, he felt a growing sense of being where he ought to be, and a smile pulled at the corner of his mouth when he saw the garden already laid out in neat rows. It was right that he come here, he knew it, despite the partings and the heartaches and the changes that must come. He grinned widely and threw up his hand as he saw Bilbo come out onto the porch in front of the round, green door, and gladness filled his heart. But deep inside of him – there where his innermost thoughts lay – was the secure knowledge that no matter where he went or what he did, he would never be able to put the memory of Allysum Holdfast away from him. And whenever he smelled the scent of lavender, his heart would immediately answer with that strange, turned-over cadence that would stay with him all the days of his life. The End