wanted to ask that but a dawning feeling prevented me and I suddenly feared for my life. Bad- no- that was worse…Killing for being untidy…what a very bad habit! He gave me a glance there and I gave back a nervous smile; I knew I was dirty- I suddenly wanted to drown myself at the water surrounding us. Twelfth Entry: Aragorn Writes I, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, decided to continue my battle with the Elf in this writing! Though my mortal life is at risk I shall continue no matter without turning back. But taking a few extra baths wouldn't hurt. At the celebration yesterday I was all neat and tidy; I was sure Legolas wouldn't have anything to say. And anything to kill ! I wanted him to see me so I searched for him and found him outside, staring at the sky quietly. I wanted to boast really- about how I was clean and all but the strange elf suddenly started muttering about stars veiled and something stirring in the east so I wasn't given the chance, especially when he freaked me out when he nearly cried- 'He's here!' We rushed towards the room where the Halflings and Gandalf were sleeping and witnessed Pippin trash around with the Palantir at hand. Out of instinct I rushed to him and grabbed the black pearl- I felt frenzy back then! I felt weakened too! Legolas was supporting me from the back while saying how dirty the Palantir was! He told me to let go of it- he even shook my shoulders urgently- so I let it roll away. Maybe when he said 'dirty' it must have mean 'wicked', but if he means literally dirty then I have nothing to say anymore. What a weird Elf. Thirteenth Entry: Aragorn writes Tonight, surprisingly, ada came and gave me another sword. Yes! That was an early birthday present, or so I thought until he told me there's an exchange for it. I must go to the Paths of the Dead. I shoved the sword back in his hands but mean ada said Arwen's dying because of the ring. Great, now that's on my conscience. I headed out and had to decline Eowyn's offer of love. She said I needed someone who will wash me every now and then. Bah. I said I was busy hunting some dead traitors…wow…why can't we leave the poor people alone? As if death was not worst enough! Legolas appeared with Gimli and one look from the Elf I knew he won't budge. That was a good thing about him, he never lets me down. He also wasn't killing me for the sake of this bond- what a relief- but merely looking at him scares me anyhow. Fourteenth Entry: Aragorn writes I take back what I said about living spirits avoiding me for my filthy self for even the Dead ones couldn't take it that they decided to refuse me back at the Paths of the Dead!!! How annoying! (If not for Anduril they wouldn't even care to look at me now that I think of it!) Legolas did not like the atmosphere so he remained silent and only shoot when needed. He may be sadistic at times but I can relate to him why he disliked the Path…It's rotten. We helped Gondor win the biggest battle in Middle Earth by the way, and yes you can praise me but we are getting ready at this moment for what Legolas had called diversion . I don't know what's going to happen but I shall have to make a speech to encourage the warriors, and because of that I will refrain writing from now. I take my leave. Fifteenth Entry: Aragorn Writes I perfected my speech. Everybody listened and was encouraged! I am your King! The battle was tiring…lots of trolls and ugly goblins and orcs. There were also Nazgul which I find no fun since they killed Théoden. Anyways something so un-cool happened to me- I was shoved down the dirt by a mighty troll that threatened to kill me. Legolas did his best to save me but he was slow (ever heard of that before? It happened- he just sort of run in slow motion, I hope you saw it.) and so I was in danger. Luckily, Frodo managed to throw the ring to its doom. The ground shook and I was saved! We all went to the castle for healing and here I am now writing. I thanked Legolas for the attempt of coming to my aid awhile ago but he said he wasn't trying to save me but was concerned about the magnificent clothes I was wearing. I then remembered he was the one who gave it to me. I see the connection. How sweet. Though I did enjoy hunting for his flaws I do not think there is a reason to go further. I had enough. My impatient, sadistic, dirty-being-killer best friend has long shown me his habits and all was overwhelming. What scared me the most though was his constant dialogue of 'not belong' for it meant he will do anything just to fix things right (even daring to touch the one ring!) His habit of keeping things in order- to have all cleaned- arranged! Now that I think of it I don't think it's funny anymore. All was scary. An Imperfect Perfection I'll say. All in all, Legolas was still Legolas and all his imperfections should not be taken against him (unlike what you are all doing to me). I shall now make this the ending- but I hope to write more and this time about Arwen…she gets scary sometimes…Elves, you should know, are scarier than you thought. Take that from someone who has an experience. I shall keep this journal to remind me always but once I lost this means the Elf has found out. I'm not too eager to find out his reaction to this. With a dot, I'm finished. END