were so...adventuresome." "That's a polite way of expressing the fact that some of us get into a lot of trouble from time to time." "I would say so, if you are an example of those you are referring to." "Unfortunately, I am. Peaceful watch, Legolas." Strider watched as the elf began to move stealthily through the trees. However, he fell into a sound sleep before Legolas made even one complete circuit around the perimeter of the camp. After making sure the area was secure, Legolas climbed up into a tree directly above the sleeping ranger. He sighed, as he began to ponder. This was the first human he had spent any personal time with. All of the others he had met had been during formal occasions. Perhaps not all humans were as disreputable as he'd been led to believe. This one's eyes held no deceit or malicious intent. He was friendly and certainly more than a little entertaining. Too bad he wouldn't get the chance to know him better. x x x x x When Strider woke up, the sun had already risen. He groaned and rolled over onto his back. The first thing he saw was Legolas squatting down beside the fire and feeding it several small sticks. The elf blew on the embers until he had coaxed the flames up to a respectable height. The man yawned. "I thought that rangers would be up with the sunrise," Legolas commented without looking up. "Not when elves talk their ears off so that they don't get to sleep until it's almost time for the sun to rise," Strider replied, not cracking the smile he felt inside. "Ah yes. Blame the elf." "Of course." The ranger had been blaming his brothers for one thing or another as long as he could remember, whether it was their fault or not. "It works for me." Legolas put a few more pieces of wood on the fire and then stood up. His unused blanket had already been put back in his pack. He looked to be ready to leave at a moment's notice. "I have taken care of the horses, so we can share our morning meal together, and then we can each go our separate ways." The ranger sat up and looked at Legolas with a twinkle in his eyes. "Why don't we travel together for a while?" he asked, amused to think that the idea would be the last thing the elf would be expecting. As Strider expected, Legolas's face took on a shocked expression. He stared at the man for several long moments before a smile finally broke out on his fair features. Thinking of all the misadventures this man had told him about the night before, he said, "So you want company when you find yourself in trouble. Is that it?" "No," Strider said earnestly. "I want you to get me out of it." Shaking his head and rolling his eyes, Legolas remarked, "Well, how can I refuse an offer like that?" Strider grinned and nodded. He really did like this elf and was glad that the two would be traveling companions for a time. Once they had eaten, broken camp and mounted their horses, Legolas asked, "Do you have a destination in mind, or do you just intend on wandering around until trouble finds us?" The ranger chose to ignore that impertinent question. "I was heading north in hopes of meeting up with other rangers to find out if there is anything going on that needs tending to up there." He waited to see if Legolas was interested in sharing in that endeavor. He wasn't sure if the elf would want to meet any more humans just yet. It sounded to the elf like an idea that had potential. "I have never met any rangers, other than you. It should prove...interesting." Cocking his head to the side, Legolas asked, "Do they also get into a lot of trouble?" Strider just grinned mischievously and urged his horse forward. Legolas would just have to find out for himself. "By the way," the ranger said, as Legolas caught up to him, "my family calls me Estel." x x x x x Over the next several weeks, the elf and the ranger went from being casual companions to being fast friends. The more they learned about each other, the more they came to respect and care for each other. Legolas was impressed by the ranger's knowledge and experience in the world, despite his young age, though for a human, he was clearly a mature adult. The elf never tired of hearing about his new friend's adventures. They seemed endless. It hadn't taken Strider long to realize that while Legolas was well-educated and possessed a great deal of knowledge about the races and cultures of Middle-earth, he had grown up basically sheltered and had very little actual experience dealing with anyone outside of Mirkwood. Not wanting to insult the elven warrior nor make him feel inferior, if that was even possible when referring to an elf, the ranger was careful when he related the finer details of the other inhabitants of Arda. The wood-elf was perceptive and knew exactly what Strider was doing, and though he didn't express it, he was grateful. The friendship that was to become legendary in the annals of Middle-earth had taken root, and neither Legolas nor Aragorn could know the adventure that would become their lives. An elf had chosen to explore the world and had then chosen to share his campfire with a stranger. A human had chosen to approach an unknown camp in the forest and had then chosen to ask an elf to be his traveling companion. How many times in its history has the course of Middle-earth's future turned on such seemingly inconsequential choices? The End , or perhaps I should say And So the Adventure Begins A sequel is not planned at this time, but you never know what choices the future may hold.