making Maria grimace. "They have something. An elvish weapon. The master wants it for the war." Marina felt Pippin lean closer to her ear. "They think we have the ring." He whispered and she hushed him quickly. "And the moment they find out that neither of us do, they'll kill us on the spot. So hush!" she said in a hurry. But then the first orc was behind them. "Just a mouthful." He said hungrily. "A bit off the flank." Marina gasped in fear but then the orc was suddenly headless. His head had been sliced off by the Uruk-hai leader right over her and Pippin's heads. She was abruptly very glad they were short. "Looks like meat's back on the menu boys!" the leader announced and everyone pounced. Marina and Pippin were flung to the side and out of the way. Marina turned to see Pippin watching the spectacle with disgust and decided not to turn herself. "Pippin, come on!" she whispered to him and they started crawling away from the camp and towards the forest. She heard a grunt from her friend and turned to see the second hungry orc holding a sword to Pippin's throat. "Go on, call for help. Squeal! No one's going to save you now." The orc threatened. But only a second later, he screeched in pain as a spear struck him from behind. "Pippin!" Marina called again, not bother to whisper anymore. Thanks to the attack, they might be able to escape. She figured if they could hide in the forest they might be able to wait until Arianna and the others showed up. She crawled about, trying to avoid being stepped on. It seemed both the Orcs and the attacking men had forgotten she and Pippin existed. Suddenly Pippin was by her side once more and untying the rope around her wrists. He'd gotten rid of his own bonds somehow already. Once he was done he helped her to stand. The two of them dodged horses and falling bodies, slowly making their way into the woods. Finally they ducked under the branches and into the safely of the quiet forest. "Did we lose him? I think we lost him." Pippin panted, answering his own question. They'd only been there for a few minutes however when they heard someone following them. They both peered out from behind their tree and saw the hungry orc following them. The spear still stuck in his back and limping heavily, but as dangerous as ever. "I'm gonna rip off your filthy little heads! Come 'ere!" he shouted and finally spotted them. Marina gasped and looked around. "Hurry Pip, climb a tree!" she ordered her friend. He turned and climbed, with her right on his heels. When she got high enough she looked around and saw no orc in sight. "Oh thank goodness, he's gone." She said happily. But then something grabbed her ankle. She gasped, gripping the bark so hard that it hurt, but the orc managed to pull her free easily. The orc leaned over her, ready to stab her right through the heart. "Let's put a maggot hole in your belly." He sneered. She kicked him in the face without thinking and he flinched back. But it only made him angrier. She distantly heard Pippin call her name but was too busy to make sure he was alright. She scrambled away, and just I time too because a sickening squelch made her turn. She saw that the orc had been squashed by…a tree! The tree had eyes and was glaring at her. It held Pippin in one of his claws. "Run Mari!" Pippin shouted to her and she didn't hesitate. She turned and dashed away, but only moments later felt her feet being sweep off the ground. She soon found herself face to face with the tree. "Little orcs! Búrarum." The tree said and Marina's eyes went wide. "It's talking Mari. The tree is talking." Pippin said but Marina didn't look away from its large yellow eyes. He seemed offended. "Tree?! I am no tree! I am an Ent." Marina grinned. "A treehearder! A shepherd of the forest." She said happily. The stories were true! "Don't talk to it Mari! Don't encourage it!" Pippin said and she looked aver with a raised eyebrow. "Treebeard some call me." the tree told them. "And…who's side are you on?" Pippin asked him warily. "Side? I am on nobody's side. Because nobody's on my side, little orc. Nobody cares about the woods anymore. "Oh, but we aren't orcs." Marina told Treebeard. "We're hobbits." She tried to explain. "Hobbits? Never heard of a hobbit before. Sounds like orc mischief to me." Treebeard said sounding angry. He tightened his grip and Marina gasped in pain. "They come with fire, they come with axes. Biting, breaking, hacking, burning. Destroyers and usurpers. Curse them!" the tree cried angrily. "No, you don't understand!" Marina cried back. "We're not orcs! We're hobbits! Halflings! Shirefolk?" she was running out of adjectives and her ribs felt like they would crack any moment. "Maybe you are and maybe you aren't. The white wizard will know." Treebeard said, loosening his grip once again. "The white wizard?" Pippin repeated, sounding devastated. They'd escaped that fate only minutes ago and now they were right back where they'd started. "Saruman." Marina said in despair. She put her head in her hands, resting her elbows on the claw wrapped around her chest. Then she was falling. She landed next to Pippin with a grunt and they both pushed themselves off the ground. She looked up in fear at the White wizard before them. "Oh my…" she breathed. -- Well here we go, the sequel! I hope anyone reading this story has read the first one, titled "What If...". I'm sure you could figure out whats going on, but it might be a little confusing, lol. Well, I hope you enjoyed it, please review, I love to hear your opinions! Your Humble Authoress, Whisperwings