things. Mostly books she used to covet. Excessively, she recalled. There were also faded photos, cassettes, and old scratched compact discs. She pulled out of another box a book. Lana pursed her lips, remembering the embarrassment it caused her. The Hobbit was a book that her sixth grade class had read throughout the year, one that everyone enjoyed, since it was read altogether instead of on your own. That's how it ought to be read anyways, much less boring to that age anyways. But Lana took a great liking to it. That following summer she had saved her birthday money to go halfsies with her mother in the trilogy of the Lord of the Rings. Those were the days when her mother would do most anything to keep her bounding daughter preoccupied for as long as possible. Before Riley switched from the French Immersion class over to the English class and became Lana's best friend, this is what she immersed herself in for the summer. Lana had been determined to finish them, even if some of the diction escaped her. By the next start of term, she was a poster child for fantasy genre. She had asked for weird things from her parents, like mythology books, archery lessons, and horse riding lessons, though did not succeed in getting her own pony unfortunately. The class had obviously not taken kindly. As per usual in the world, this was the age where judgement started to take hold, and these children enforced it like no tomorrow. Afterwards, Lana had taken notice that these qualities of hers were not welcome, and adjusted, though it took her until high school to put the stories away. It was unfair though, as she felt the need to share these books, but this obsession did not mesh well socially with her bubbly personality, and was often squashed. She was forgiven, however, since she was blessed with very agreeable looks. Such the way that high school works. The only person who seemed to take notice, but did not let it bother their friendship, was Riley. Lana had convinced her to at least read the Hobbit, which she did reluctantly. But Riley might've figured it was just a phase, since the books were dropped soon enough. Therefore upon the books' reopening, a pang of hurt rung through her, but also nostalgia. What she had wished for was in these books. The pain of the real world did not fade, but was overshadowed by the light of her books, bringing her away. If only there were a way out. Dejectedly, she threw her books against the floor and away from her. The following day, Lana rose from her sleep; still realizing it was her life. Her normally bright and cheerful eyes were puffy and red. She would usually correct them with makeup but felt drained of energy, even to get out of bed. She decided upon a run, much later in the evening after finally getting out of bed. It being almost reading week, she saw little point in going for the rest of the week, even if she was behind. She had most of her teachers' favour and they were more lenient with her since she tended to have talks with her professors. Finally on a dirt path, and far away from any car, person or sound, she settled into a pace. She focused on her breathing and footfalls, thankful for the distraction. A whisper in the wind made her stop. Though she was wearing warm jogging clothing, once and a while a chill would run through her, and this one made her stop. All at once, events came rushing back to her. Now she had no one. Even the trees were silent, as if not wanting to respond to her. She knew she had hurt Riley, her only rock left in her unstable life. Her breaths were catching and before she could control it, her tears came rushing forth. Lana's bottom quickly found the ground, and she was huddled. The wind whistled again, and it made her listen. Perhaps, to humour herself, she whistled back. She closed her eyes, and as if the wind were talking to her, making her listen, she sat back. Before long, the light was fading, and Lana was up again, heading home before she could see, and wanted to make it to the nearest lamppost before she began tripping all over the forest in the night. Weird thoughts plagued her mind. What was she thinking? Lana stared down at the bag she packed, not sure what to make of it. For the past fifteen minutes after she had prepared it, she contemplated if she was mad. There was no way she was running away. But had that been the reason this bag was packed? She stared at the books she so memorized and remembered what the wind had told her yesterday. As if in trance, she had been told all that she wanted, and had been urged back out to the forest. Something told Lana that where she was going, she wouldn't need heels. She sported her bright pink running shoes again, tied her blonde hair up, and made her way back to the place she went the night before. Lana walked nervously to the place where she had sat, and the ground was as the way she left it, with her butt imprint and shoe scuffles. She struggled to remember what she had done to get the wind to talk again. It had spoke first though. Nervously, in hopes it would answer, she whistled. The breeze had stopped altogether. She clutched her bag tight to her chest. And whistled again. Starting at her, feet, the wind picked up. It pulled her back into the open, but further into the forest, and there was a small clearing, enough for the wind to swirl incredibly surrounding the poor girl, churning everything into the unperceivable. Something told her she wasn't coming back. And she liked it.