while others sizzled out when they hit the swampy surface. Legolas dispatched two more shadows with his flashing blades, while Gimli used his ax to destroy all the dark forms that came within swinging range. Aragorn didn't believe there was any intelligence involved in the attack. The shadows didn't appear to be working together. Also the destruction of their companions didn't seem to phase them. "They are not attempting to avoid our blows," Legolas observed, sending a shower of sparks cascading, as he dispatched another dark shadow. "They are just coming straight at us and not maneuvering at all to match our moves." "Yeah, I noticed that. Also there's no strategy between them." Aragorn stopped talking long enough to swing at and quickly destroy another shadow. "One thing though," he continued, "they have numbers on their side. There are dozens of them." None of the forms were getting close enough to touch any of the three companions, so Aragorn didn't know exactly what would happen if one of them did. He decided he didn't want to find out. He couldn't be sure, but he thought they were meant to do more than just frighten he and his two friends. Their touch could well be deadly. "Don't let them touch you," he warned. "They may be lethal." Two shadows moved in behind the ranger, however, he was fully engaged with two more in front of him. They made no sound, so he was totally unaware of the ones he was facing away from. Suddenly, Aragorn's foot slipped, and he overbalanced on a swing, taking the ranger out of the reach of the shadow on his left and bringing his sword close enough to the one on his right to easily destroy it. Then the ranger swung around to face the shadows behind him. With one swipe, another shower of sparks fell to the mossy ground. Legolas was having just as much success. He was completely surrounded, but he spun in a circle. Since the shadows made no evasive moves, all the elf had to do was hold his long knives out in front of him. He cut through the forms as they came in range. Legolas made four complete circles before there were no more shadows near him. Gimli was actually having fun using his mighty ax to create a continuous shower of sparks that lit up the whole area. There were so many of the little flames falling around him that they gave him an ethereal appearance. The elf, the human and the dwarf were more than holding their own. They were able to keep all of the black forms from getting close enough to cause them any harm. Gimli was grinning from ear to ear, as he looked around. So many shadows were being destroyed that more than just his area was lit up from the sparks. He laughed to see that the natural glow of the elven prince looked even more intense. When the tiny flames burned out, all of the shadows were gone. Still the dwarf didn't feel comfortable, and so he kept his eyes peeled for any sign there were more of the black forms nearby. Legolas and Aragorn were doing the same. There would be no thought of relaxing their vigil until they were sure there was no more immediate danger. Gimli squinted and strained to see if the darkness among the trees was moving. He couldn't be sure, but it didn't appear they were anything more than ordinary shadows. Aragorn wasn't sure if another attack would come, but he, too, was going to be ready for anything the swamp might throw at them. "I still do not believe those shadows were after us personally. They were just trying to stop anyone who happened to show up," Legolas stated, after thinking the whole situation through once more. "Well, I always take it personally when someone - or something - tries to kill me." While the ranger's voice was calm, his face was still flushed from the battle. "I feel the same way, lad," Gimli said in total agreement. "We have to keep moving," Aragorn said, reminding his two companions of the reason they had come here to begin with. "I don't think Merry and Pippin are here any longer, but wherever they are, they are depending on us to rescue them. We have to find a way out of this dreadful place and find them." Aragorn's tone reflected pure determination. No one had been hurt, and now that the fighting was over, Aragorn couldn't deny that he had gotten a jolt of excitement from the encounter. He saw the smile on Legolas's face and knew the archer felt the same. Of course, the fact that they had won also had a lot to do with the feeling. x x x x x The Three Hunters continued on. With a nervous smile, Gimli said, "At least the path here is fairly easy." Just then the water to their left began to bubble. They all stopped, tightly gripping long knives, sword and ax, and waited to see what would appear. A round, black form, resembling slimy leather, rose above the roiling water. Legolas's immediate impression of the creature was that of a giant worm. A circular mouth opened. It contained no teeth but instead had a jagged ridge all the way around it. The creature rose up higher out of the water. It was hard to tell where the head ended and the creature's body began. The relatively small, wet eyes regarded the companions, turning first one eye and then the other toward them. Seemingly satisfied that these beings were not a real threat to it, the creature began to sink back into the water. Gimli finally exhaled and relaxed for just a brief second. For that's all the time he was given to do so. Without any warning, the creature broke the surface of the water and launched itself with alarming speed straight at Legolas. TBC