all he felt was a deep feeling of joy and appreciation for the awesome privilege he had been given. "I will never forget you," he whispered, as he rested his head against the unicorn's soft neck. After a moment, the unicorn stepped back. Legolas looked into the its deep blue eyes and knew that he was never supposed to tell anyone what had taken place here today. It would remain a secret he would keep forever in his heart and his memory. The unicorn, sensing that Legolas understood, held its horn toward the elf. As before, Legolas touched it, aware that doing so would take him back to the world he knew. This time he did not intend to close his eyes, because he wanted to see the transition between worlds take place. It was not to be, however. Legolas felt the familiar tingle and then-nothing. xXx Legolas's next awareness was of a beam of sunlight shining on his face. That was what had awakened him. He blinked several times and lifted his head. He was lying beside the stream, and all was at it always had been. The colors had muted slightly, and the only sparkles he saw were the ones he usually saw when the sun reflected off of the clear bubbling water of the stream. Legolas sat up and took a deep breath. He had been asleep, and time had advanced little more than an hour, judging by the sun. Therefore, he concluded that the miraculous experience with the unicorn had been just another dream. His hart fell. 'No!' He couldn't deny that it had been more real than any elven dream he had ever had. 'It must have happened,' he insisted 'It was much too intense and joyous to be a dream.' He could still feel the thrill inside his body. But when the elf got to his feet and looked around, he saw no hoof prints in the soft soil along the banks of the stream. He looked off in the direction he and the unicorn had taken on their ride. There was nothing there to indicate that any animal larger than a deer had been that way, either. A deep sorrow he couldn't hold back flooded Legolas's heart. He had wanted so much for all of it to be real: the sight of the beautiful creature; the feel of its soft white hair under his hands; the incomparable joy of flying like the wind, as the two of them moved over the ground; the whole sparkling world he had been in. He wanted every vivid detail of those things to really exist. With a sigh, Legolas turned toward the stream. He was thirsty and wanted to get a drink of the fresh water before his journey back to the palace. He kneeled down and cupped his hands to dip into the water, when he froze in utter disbelief. Was he seeing what he thought he was seeing? Staring down at his right hand, he slowly brought it closer to his eyes. He was not imagining it! There on the tip of his right forefinger were-sparkles, like tiny diamonds. His finger was in the direct sunlight, so he moved it into the shade. The sparkles did not fade. "It was real. I did not dream it." Legolas almost whooped with joy. He wanted to shout to all the creatures in the forest that were close enough to hear. However, he knew that the elven warriors his father had sent to protect him would probably be close enough to hear him, as well, and he could not risk revealing his secret. All the while, the prince's eyes never left his finger. "Thank you, Beautiful One. I promise I will never tell." Using his left hand, he pulled a small piece of green cloth from his belt pouch and carefully wiped the sparkles from his finger onto the fabric. Folding it up, he tucked it back into the pouch and then turned, retrieved his pack and ran home. xXx When Legolas reached the palace, he went straight to his room. He retrieved the cloth, placing it into a little wooden box he kept under his bed that contained all of the special treasures he had collected since he was a tiny elfling. He laid the green cloth next to a small necklace his mother had made for him soon after he had learned to walk. He then bathed, changed his clothes and made his way to the family dining room in time to share a mid-day meal with his father. "Legolas, ion nin," Thranduil greeted. "How was your night in the forest?" "It went well, Ada." Legolas was trying hard to keep the excitement out of his voice. His father was very perceptive, so he wasn't sure how successful he was being. "Did you find what you were looking for?" For an instant, Legolas was afraid that his father, who seemed to know everything that ever happened in his realm, had known about the unicorn. Had the warriors he knew to be near him in the forest seen what had happened and reported it to the king? Legolas swallowed hard. "I did, Ada," he managed to get out relatively calmly. "Good. I am glad," the king declared, saying nothing more on the subject, much to Legolas's relief. A peaceful silence fell between father and son as they ate their meal. It was only a small inconvenience that Legolas found it hard to chew properly while grinning broadly, yet he couldn't make his face do anything else. Thranduil smiled at his son. He couldn't be sure what Legolas had done in the forest, and he had no intention of asking. Yet the king couldn't help but remember a day many centuries ago, when, as a young prince, he had found a unicorn by a stream in the forest and entered its world for an enchanted adventure, whose vivid memory had not faded with the passing of time. ~End~