the ranger said frankly to his friend. "I don't mean to dispute your idea that the flame is good. It's just that we should proceed with caution." "I believe she understands who we are," the elf spoke with complete confidence. "Look around, Estel. I do not believe we can find the sword on our own. Someone needs to helps us, and there is no one else here but her." "Legolas is right." Glendonna used the name she had heard the man call the elf. "I am the only one who can reveal the secret location of the sword you seek." The voice was soft yet powerful. Trusting in Legolas's trust, Aragorn walked to the edge of the hole. He was within five feet of the flame towering above him, yet he felt no heat. He stared hard, trying to find some hint of a face or a form in its depths. There was nothing but the swirling blue flame and the bright sparkles twinkling all through it. "Who are you?" the man asked again. This time he was rewarded with an answer. "I am Glendonna of Deädralon," the voice replied. Aragorn turned and looked at Legolas, who only shrugged. "I do not know it," he told the man, as he, too, studied the flame. "It is no realm that I have ever heard of." He directed a question to the mysterious woman. "Are you Firstborn?" "Yes, but you would not have heard of me or my home. Morgoth saw to that. The entire realm of Deädralon was wiped from Middle-earth and from all memory, not long before Morgoth was banished. "That Dark Lord chose not to destroy my whole family, so he sent my spirit here and imprisoned me in this flame. As an added cruelty, he made sure my father knew that I would be trapped here for all of Ilúvatar's Song. He also made sure that I would be aware of all the events in the world outside this cavern but would never be able to participate in any of it." "You've been here for many millennia," Aragorn said. "I can't imagine being trapped in this cavern for that length of time. It is like a tomb." "Will you tell us of the sword?" Legolas asked. "It is the Sword of Deädralon, forged by my great-grandsire. It became the symbol of our realm, whose inhabitants fought the Dark Lord - and lost." The sadness in Glendonna's voice was unmistakable. The flame continued to swirl and sparkle. It was almost hypnotic to the ranger. He shook himself free of his near trance before saying, "The sword is here in this cavern." He felt sure he was right. "Yes," Glendonna confirmed. "But I cannot open the vault that contains it. Only the key can do that." "You mentioned a key before. What key?" Aragorn asked again. And again Glendonna did not answer the question but asked one of her own. "Without the key, how did you find this place?" Glendonna was suggesting that it was the key that pointed the way to this location. Then the answer suddenly dawned on Legolas. He smiled and then pulled the pendant from his pocket and held it up toward the flame and the woman's spirit within it. A light tinkle of laughter burst forth. "So you do have the key. I see it is on a chain. What a clever disguise to make it appear to be a simple necklace." Still needing answers, Aragorn asked, "Where did the pendant - or rather, the key - come from?" "My father had it fashioned when the war against Morgoth began going badly. He anticipated what destruction Morgoth might wrought, and he hoped that someday the sword would be found and Deädralon's existence and its fate would be known in the world. He had no idea, of course, that I would be cursed as its guardian. The realm died fighting evil. People should know that," Glendonna declared emphatically. "Yes, they should," Legolas and Aragorn said in unison. The archer and the ranger looked at each other and grinned, both thinking that the dead man must have known what he had in his possession. He may even have been on his way to search for the sword when he encountered the river. "Since you have the key, you will be able to recover the sword." Glendonna's heart was gladdened that these people, who she discerned were good, had shown up to claim the ancient blade. "Come closer," she told Legolas. "Reach out and put the key into my flame." The elf moved a step nearer to the hole. He held the pendant in front of him and then reached out until the flame surrounded his hand. His skin tingled, but the feeling was not unpleasant. The golden metal began to glow until it became so brilliant it was almost too bright to look at. The wood-elf felt a tug, and the pendant pulled free of his hand and floated in Glendonna's flame. Slowly, it rose until it cleared the top of the flame, and then it flew straight up toward the ceiling another twenty feet above. As the pendant neared the top of the cavern, a depression in the rock was revealed. Legolas had no doubt that its size and shape would perfectly match that of the pendant. He was proven right, when the stare-shaped pendant settled easily into the depression and began to spin, first slowly and then faster and faster. A small stone panel opened, and a golden beam came down to touch the top of the blue flame. All through the beam were the same sparkles that Glendonna's flame contained. Soon the intense anticipation of elf and man was rewarded when the Sword of Deädralon came floating down the beam. It finally came to rest in the same spot where Legolas had first released the pendant into the flame. "Take it, Legolas. It is yours." The elf was awed by such an honor. TBC