how hie regarded any of his sons, he still couldn't deny that having a son who looked so much like him gave him a small touch of pride. Mithwen laughed at the look on her husband's face. Not commenting on that, she changed the subject. "Shall we invite his brothers in to see him?" Five minutes later, Siltar and Calethor were both competing to see who would be the first one to hold the newest member of the family. "I am the Crown Prince," Siltar said in a mock haughty tone. "I will hold him first." Not giving his younger brother a chance to usurp his place, he reached out and gently took the baby in his arms. There was the same look of wonder that he had experienced with each of his brothers' births plainly showing on his face. Calethor, after much complaining, finally took his turn. He was as overjoyed as anyone. He rocked the baby in his arms. Meantime, Siltar remarked, "You never did tell anyone what name you chose for him." He laughed. "We need to know what to call him, or he will end up being called so many things, he will never know if anyone is talking to him or not." "In this family, he probably will be confused anyway," said Calethor, who had stopped cooing at the baby long enough to make the humorous comment. Smiling, Mithwen said simply, "Legolas." The eldest son nodded. "Greenleaf. That is very appropriate for a wood elf." "I like it," said Calethor. He softly repeated the name several times to the baby, as if making sure the youngest Thranduilion understood that that was the name he would answer to. The newest member of the House of Oropher, it seemed, was going to be the center of attention for a long time to come. And his second oldest brother hadn't even seen him yet. x x x x x Several years passed, and the youngest Mirkwood prince was growing from a baby into a young child with a distinct personality. He was a cheerful elfling, who laughed easily and often. He was also precociously curious and tended to lean toward the mischievous side. And oh how he loved to sing. He sang to everyone at any time, and if he was alone, he sang to himself. Weather permitting, Thranduil would take his youngest son riding in the forest near the palace. At first he had held the baby in his arms, but as he grew, the elfling began sitting directly on the horse in front of his father. Whenever Thranduil was too busy, one of the other princes, if they were home, took their little brother on his afternoon ride. Legolas looked forward to these rides as much as the king did. It soon became apparent that Legolas had an affinity for horses. It was his mother, who took Legolas to the garden and showed him the joys of all the beautiful plants and flowers, as well as the many creatures to be found there. It was also apparent that the young elfling loved animals of all kinds. Legolas asked about everything. His family members each told him stories, abbreviated, of course, to fit his level of understanding, though he was quite bright for his young age. They told him stories of the forest and of the history of elves, which were his favorites. They explained about the sun, the moon and the stars. Legolas's curiosity was insatiable, and what was not told to him, he asked about. Even the palace's workers were questioned on various subjects The child's happy nature spread a joy throughout the palace that had not been experienced there since Calethor had been an elfling, and that had been many years ago. On the darker side, the fight for Mirkwood continued without letup. Elves lost their lives, as they always had, but no matter how many times a warrior's body was committed to the flames, no one in the realm ever got used to it. The youngest prince was not yet permitted to attend the funerals that were held, though death had also been explained to him in simple terms. x x x x x One autumn day, Thranduil came home from another funeral in the forest. He sat down in his study and stared at the far wall, lost in thought. This time it had been the son of one of the elves who had followed Oropher to the Greenwood. Both father and son had been close to Thranduil. As the king sat, he was not only thinking of his friends but of his own lost son. While still in deep thought, the door to the study opened and Legolas ran in. "Ada! You are home." The young elfling ran to his father and launched himself up into Thranduil's lap, hugging the elder elf's neck. The young prince was smiling happily but then abruptly stopped and frowned. He reached out and touched his father's cheek, pulling away a small wet finger. A sad look spread across the little face. "Ada, do no cry. I will make it better." He had never seen tears in Thranduil's eyes before and had no idea why it was happening now, but he was sure he could make his father smile again. Thranduil looked down at the earnest face of the elfling he held in his arms. It was not for the first time that the king silently gave thanks for this most precious gift. Legolas had been told that he had had another brother that had died long ago, but all of his questions had always been met with the words, "When you are older." "It is time, Legolas." The confused elfling stared up at his father. It was too early for their afternoon ride, and he had already had his mid-day meal, so with a slight frown, Legolas asked, "Time for what, Ada?" "It is time that I told you about your brother, Tórben." The End