He just shrugged when the man turned a scathing glare his way. "True, is it not?" Aragorn was not about to comment on the elf's remark nor answer his question. Treco flicked his tongue out and licked his wing where the break in the bone created a crooked angle. There was a definite look of pain on the dragon's face. He looked more like a very big family pet right then, and the thought almost made Aragorn laugh. However, he was smart enough to know that doing so was not the wisest thing he could do. When Treco looked at Aragorn, he nodded. "I will let you look at my wing. If you appear to know what you are doing, I will let you fix it." He said it as if he was bestowing a distinct honor on th man. The ranger smiled but at Treco's next words of warning, his face took on a sober expression. "If you attempt to deceive me by trying to gain control of me, you and your elven friend will be turned to ash. Do we understand one another?" "Perfectly," Aragorn replied with a forced smile, while swallowing the lump that had formed in his throat. Seeing no point in delaying, Aragorn swung his pack off of his back and bent down to get the supplies he would need. He glanced up at Treco, who, now that he had decided to trust the two, seemed more preoccupied with his painful injury than with them. When Legolas crouched down beside the ranger, Aragorn said, "What have I gotten us into? I want to help him, but what if I screw up? You heard what he said would happen to us." "Then I suggest you do not screw up," Legolas told him wryly. "I do not wish to become a pile of ashes." The man did not dignify that comment with one of his own. All of his doubts were firmly pushed to the back of his mind. He, with Legolas's help, had a dragon wing to repair. x x x x x An hour later, and the medical treatment was over. Aragorn stared at his empty medical supply pack. Even Legolas's pack no longer contained any of the emergency supplies he carried. "Let us hope neither of us needs any healing before we reach Rivendell." "You must be joking," Legolas stated. "When have we ever returned to the home of Lord Elrond in any condition short of near death?" "It's not that bad," Aragorn defended. He thought for a moment, then said, "Well... usually only one of us is." Treco was looking at his left wing. The bone that had previously been painfully bent was now straight and bound tightly with many strips of white cloth. It had been a painful procedure, but one that he understood was necessary. Like any flesh and blood creature, no dragon is ever immune to suffering. He had taken the repair work in stride, only belching out flames twice in response to Aragorn's and Legolas's ministrations. Thus only twice did he nearly scare the life out of elf and man. The healer in Aragorn made him turn and come just short of shaking his finger at the red creature. "Do not move your wing too much. The bone needs time to knit back together. It will be stronger once it does. You, of course, will not even think about flying." Treco's eyes glittered. He did not like to be told what to do. Dragons were the freest creatures in Middle-earth, going wherever and whenever they chose, and only rarely did anyone attempt to stop them. But he had just suffered so his wing could be mended and ruining that by disobeying the ones who had helped him was foolish. Even a young dragon could figure that out. "Meet us back here in six weeks," Aragorn instructed. "I think the bandage can be removed then." The ranger eyed his handiwork again. 'Not bad for fixing a dragon', he mused. Treco started to protest the length of time he would have to spend walking around wherever he went. Then he thought better of it. These two had risked their lives to help him, so he didn't think it right to gripe. After all, they had had nothing to do with the fact he had stepped out on a rocky ledge that had collapsed under his weight. He had fallen on his wing before being able to right himself so he could fly away. He had landed at the bottom of the ravine below the cliff ledge and considered himself lucky only one wing bone had been broken. It could have been his neck, and no healer could have fixed that. The hardest thing he ever did in his life was the thing he did now, when he said, "Thank you." It wasn't as hard as he had thought it would be. "I will be here in six weeks." He turned and left before he ended up ruining his fearsome reputation all together. Just before he rounded another group of rocks, he turned back. "No one else must know of this." "Not a soul," Aragorn replied. He didn't know how he could keep such a secret, but he wasn't willing to risk life and limb to a vengeful dragon by revealing it. On a more serious note, he also had Legolas's life to think about. The elf was at risk, as well. The human sat down, his legs suddenly becoming too weak to hold him up. "Did that just happen, or am I dreaming?" "Well, if you are, we are sharing the same dream," Legolas said. He remained standing, but he was just as amazed by the recent event. He wondered what they would find at the end of the next six weeks. TBC There you have it. I hope it stirs your curiosity enough to keep reading. As always with me, I accept constructive critiicism, as well as unbounding praise. :o)