to understand, he always felt that the only one who should ever know its branches was his beloved mother. Besides, he had told himself, he had spent so many hours sitting beside the tree through the years, as they both grew, that it felt more comfortable on the ground at its base. Every event of any import and often many that were relatively insignificant were reported to Nana's Tree. He even told it things he would never tell another living being. The elm itself always responded, sharing sorrow and joy in their turn but always offering comfort and encouragement to the young prince. TA 2383 Nana's Tree reached its full maturity not long before Legolas did. With the impatience of youth, the elven prince had sometimes wondered if he would ever reach his majority. Then, the day finally came when the young elf came of age. His family held a feast among the trees near the palace, inviting all the people of the realm that wished to come. Silvan elves were not ones to pass on a celebration, especially one as important to the royal family, as the youngest prince coming of age. There was feasting, dancing and singing, and Thranduil was pleased to see his people so happy, despite the encroachment of the Shadow through the forest. Everyone, it seemed, wanted to take a break from their daily struggles by wishing their prince well. After many hours of joviality, the celebration wound down, as the elves who had attended began to drift away and return to their homes. Those that lived farther out in the forest left first and only those who called the palace and its surrounding cottages home remained, milling about but knowing they, too, must call it a day. Thranduil looked around for Legolas but didn't see his son anywhere among those that were left. The king knew better than to think Legolas would have turned in for the night. Truth be told, he would probably not go to bed at all this night. Then it came to the king where his son would likely be found. He headed for the garden. Thranduil stopped when he saw Legolas sitting under Nana's Tree, the palm of his right hand resting lightly on the bark. He didn't want to interrupt his son's quiet moment of contemplation, so he turned to leave. "Do not go, Ada. Come sit with me." Pleased at the invitation, Thranduil moved closer and sat down on the very bench where he had found a grief-stricken elfling years ago. "I though perhaps you were out somewhere continuing the celebration with your friends." "I will meet them later at the river." Thranduil preferred not to think what mischief his son and his friends could find to get into. The king also preferred not to think about how he had spent his own special day. Changing his train of thought, Thranduil said, "This tree means a great deal to you, does it not?" He knew the answer to the question but hoped that Legolas would share some of his feelings. "It does, because it has always made me feel closer to Nana. I have told this tree many a tale of my life." Legolas paused, thinking back over the years and glad that his father hadn't found out about some of those adventures. "I remember when we planted it," Legolas said, recalling that day when he and the tree were both so small. Thranduil looked up into the gently rustling canopy of the elm. "Your nana would be so proud to know that you have taken such good care of it." "Do you really think so?" The king stood up, then walked over and sat down on the ground beside his son. "I cam certain of it." Smiling, the king said, "This tree has grown up to be the best of what it was meant to be, due in large part to you." "I cannot take any credit for its growth," Legolas declared firmly. "It is what trees do, and this one would have grown quite well on its own." "Ah, but I did not say it would not have grown without you. I said you helped make it the best it could be. You have nurtured it by sharing your heart with it. What tree could not be its best after such a gift?" Legolas couldn't help but blush slightly at the compliment. "Thank you, Ada." He was too choked up to say more. Thranduil leaned over and hugged Legolas tightly. When he let go, he placed his hand on his son's cheek. "Legolas, never ever doubt that your nana and I are both very proud of the strong, caring elf you have grown up to be. You are also the best of what you were meant to be." "I have always strived to please you, Ada. It gladdens me to know that I have." The young prince smiled, as he and his father lapsed into a contemplative silence. Each, unknown to the other, was thinking about how much they loved the elf next to him. "I never told you this, Legolas," Thranduil finally spoke up, "but your nana looked forward to the day the three of us would climb this tree and sit together among its branches." Hearing that statement, Legolas came to realize that it was time to change his mind about thinking that no one else but his mother should ever climb the elm, so he gently nudged the long-held notion aside. It was high time this tree got to know an elf intimately. Two elves, in fact. "Will you climb Nana's Tree with me, Ada?" the younger elf asked, as he stood to his feet. With a broad grin on his face, Thranduil also stood, and together he and Legolas made their way into the canopy of the elm. It was only the first of many times that father and son would spend in the welcoming embrace of Nana's Tree. The End