across the battleground, the Nazgûl who'd been circling the field changing course abruptly and wheeling their horrible monsters back into the lands behind the Black Gate. Aragorn's lips fell open silently as he saw the winged beasts head towards Mount Doom, wings pumping in their haste to reach the volcano. Silently his heart cried out for the Hobbits who must have been discovered, praying with everything in him that they had time to complete their task, that there was still hope for Frodo and Sam. In his distraction, an orc sidled up behind the King, raising his blade and only in the last few moments did Aragorn remember himself, the tip of the blade cutting into his forearm as he wheeled and brought the creature down. He pushed his fears to the back of his mind while the enemy surged, their eyes filled with a sudden excitement that worried him. Perhaps they could sense what their Master had discovered, that the Ring was suddenly within grasp if they could but only reach it in time. A bone rattling cry suddenly sounded from behind him, his body spinning to face the troll as it lumbered towards him, teeth gnashing and weapon swinging in its hand. Aragorn steadied himself and brought Anduril to his centre as the troll came forward, the earth lurching under its feet before it swung its weapon up and brought it down against his blade. With every fiber of his being, he fought the creature but as the fight continued between them, his muscles began to tire. As if the troll could sense this, he brought his weapon up high and smashed it down again, Aragorn's arms holding strong but his balance faltered, and it was enough. The troll smashed him back, the air rushing out of his lungs as his body slammed into the now packed dirt of the field and his sword was cast far to his right and out of his reach. As the beast lumbered forward in triumph, Aragorn's eyes cast sideways and he could see the white hair and wizened face staring back at him with an expression akin to horror. Gandalf stood out of reach of the King but their eyes met just the same, a small imperceptible nod was all Aragorn could give him but it was all the sign that was needed. Gandalf thrust his staff into the air, the enemies around him cowering back in anticipation of what was to come. Aragorn looked back to the troll as its foot raised and was brought down on his chest, aiming to crush him but his armor was strong though it creaked under the pressure of the trolls weight. The King reached for his belt, managing to grasp the hilt of his dagger and drew it, stabbing at the trolls exposed foot. It roared at him but he knew even then that it was just a sting to the huge beast. Looking up into the horrible face above him, he saw out of the corner of his eye the light that Gandalf had cast into the sky, its brilliance shining out against the clouds like a star. Then the troll reached down and its huge hand pushed into his chest as the foot was placed back on the ground. Aragorn grunted as fingers like iron bands wound around his torso and tightened, the air again being forced from his lungs. Its grip tightened further until he felt his ribs beginning to protest, gasping to draw air into his squeezed lungs when suddenly it's hold loosened a little but did not let him go. The creatures other hand came up and tore the dagger from his grasp before thrusting him back down into the dirt, holding him into the blood stained earth. As the beast above him stilled and air came back to Aragorn's lungs so that he could hear beyond the sound of his own heart thundering in his ears, he became aware of another sound. It was like thunder, a monstrous rumbling at first and as it came closer, the sounds of grating blades and screeches joined in. Looking around him, the King began to recognise the sound for what it truly was, the orcs around him all thrusting their blades above their heads and beating their armor or gnashing their blades while howling. The war cry went up all around him, the horrible sound of victory deafening as the troll holding him to the ground joined in, its chest rumbling deeply. A bitter taste suddenly rose in the back of his throat, his heart clenching at what he now knew to be truth. Frodo had failed, and undoubtedly the two Hobbits were beyond their help. The army of the Dark Lord stood triumphant even while the soldiers of men still breathed and drew sword. But they all knew it now to be a futile attempt, that there would be no shining light on the battlefield today, that the war had come to an end and that man had failed. Aragorn's eyes rolled skyward, away from the terrible sight of the surging masses around him and towards the darkening clouds and for a brief moment he mourned. A movement in the clouds caught his attention though and suddenly he remembered himself, a small twitch tugging at the corner of his mouth even as his heart wished to break. He held steadfast then, swallowing the bitterness and replacing it with a sliver of hope as he burned the sight of the retreating eagles into the back of his mind. The battle was lost this day surely, but the enemy had failed to truly crush the will of man; those remaining who could lead against the evil tainting this land now flying to safety in the strong talons of the mighty eagles. He thought back on the conversation he'd had with the White Wizard, an arrangement they'd made to ensure that if this battle went awry, all hope would not be lost.