back, and it lives for months even though it's not at all attached to the ground. And…the sticks…I started finding these sticks out here and there's…something wrong with them. And some of them have been cut. And I've seen…" she took a deep breath. This wasn't easy. It was nerve wracking. "I've seen…something. Down in those woods. In black cloaks and there was a scream…" "Like Lord of the Rings?" 'Yes,' Jennifer thought, 'that's exactly what we're wondering but I really have no idea yet…' But she didn't say that, only said. "Uh….yeah, a little…I guess….but there's more. There's this platform, and the steps switch sides, like sometimes they're above it which makes NO sense because no one would build something that way, so you couldn't even climb up to it…and there's been carvings in the sticks too and I've written some of them down but I don't know what they are…and...I heard these drums. And I don't know where they came from. It couldn't have been from anywhere around here. And…there's this dog, a white dog, and he disappears…into nothing. Like a ghost, or a spirit or something." Lyndsey stood there, and she didn't laugh, and she didn't tell them they were crazy. She just launched immediately, no doubts, into her own interpretation. "Well…it sounds a lot like Lord of the Rings to me. And you know, it could be. He spent like, his whole life writing that book. And there's this theory that people can have past lives…somewhere else or something and then it just comes back to them so strongly and it comes out in their writing but you'd never know it. He could have been like that. That could have been what it was. So it really could be. Or like, there's a theory about holes to other dimensions or something like that and sometimes things can come through or go back, and maybe it's kind of like that to…and" Lyndsey kept talking, rambling, but Jennifer was soaking in every word she was saying. She actually had IDEAS….and she wasn't telling her she was insane…was instead telling her every way that she could be right. After so long of being afraid to tell anyone but Nikkey and Katelyn, it was a welcome relief. Then she was done, and Jennifer and Nikkey were both smiling. "Good…good ideas. That's…really interesting and you may be right. Maybe…you're right." Lyndsey looked down in the direction of the corner. "Down there, that's where all the stuff is?" Jennifer nodded. "Yeah…yeah we'll show you. The platform and everything. Come on." They took their time, showed her the platform, the numbers and marks on and in the trees. But it wasn't long before the wind picked up. Jennifer tensed. This had never happened…never happened with anyone else there before. A bark. Nikkey looked at her. "You hear that?" A slow nod. Then it started, low and in the background, increasing as they grew closer. The unmistakable sound of drums. The turned, as one, and began to make their way pretty quickly back up the hill. Eventually they all broke into a run, then almost to the edge of the woods they slowed and looked back. The sound was gone. "That was drums. I heard them." Nikkey nodded at Lyndsey. "Yeah. I heard them too." They wandered back down, heard the drums and came up once more before it was time to head inside. It was late afternoon. As they headed up the yard, coming out of the trees and up the hill Lyndsey lifted her head to look up at the screened porch and saw a tall cloaked figure looking down on them, watching their approach. At the time she said nothing. But she saw him. And she knew. They were inside, inside and Lyndsey would be leaving soon. They were sitting on the floor, and none of them really had the words to describe what had happened that day. Lyndsey spoke. "When we were coming inside…on your porch…I'm pretty sure I saw him…one of them, the guy in the cloak. I thought it was just your mom standing there at first but I looked and she wasn't there and he was tall and all in black…then he was gone. But I'm sure I saw him." "Wow. That's…interesting. I'm sure you did. On my porch, though, that's a little…" "Creepy?" Nikkey finished for her and Jennifer nodded. "Yeah…yeah it is. Well…we're getting somewhere." Lyndsey's dad drove up. She had to go. They stood, walked her to the door, told her good-bye. There was already a new understanding between them and Jennifer could feel it…they were part of something now. If only she had looked less at what she now knew and more at the fear at Nikkey's eyes, in the days ahead she wouldn't have been so surprised. The beginning of everything is always filled with nervous excitement, isn't it? It's always so exciting, so thrilling, such a rush, to dive into something you know nothing about, to begin a new life. And with shared experience comes friends that you could find no other way. If I had not told Lyndsey the things I did that day…believe me, my friends, my life would have been a much different one…and not for the better. She is…has always been…one of us. She was meant to be one of us. I just didn't know it yet. Over the years I'd get better at knowing who to trust when, but no one is perfect. Mistakes are inevitable. I thank God he steered me right that first day. If we hadn't had her in the beginning, things may never have gone the way they did. And I may not be here today. My story may begin strangely but…keep listening. It is so…bittersweet to me to look back on these days. Then I was wondering what was happening to me…now, I would love to go back and relive those days when everything was easy…I just didn't know it yet.