we became hungry, we enjoyed sampling various foods from the many colorful tents set up along the perimeter. Even the clothing worn by most of the people added their own touches to the overall festive atmosphere. One of the most wonderful things I saw was the fabled White Tree of Gondor. It was covered with beautiful white flowers, and its splendor had to be seen to be believed. It was then that I began to feel that I was a real part of this great city. It seemed that everywhere I looked, there was something exciting to see. I had never experienced anything like it before, but luckily I was able to do so many more times in my life. Before we knew it, horns began blaring, announcing the arrival of the king and queen. Greeting their subjects graciously, they moved through the crowd, which parted for the royal party. A pathway opened up directly in front of me, and I found myself staring at the rulers of Gondor. Suddenly, my mind could hardly believe what my eyes were seeing. It was him! The one who had saved my life all those years ago stood only a few yards from me. You are probably thinking that I am referring to King Elessar, but I am not. The one I had been hoping to see again, since I was twelve years old, was walking right next to the king. "Who is that?" I asked the man beside me, as I pointed to the one I meant. The man laughed. "You must not be from around here, or you would know that you are pointing to Prince Legolas, best friend to the king and queen." With his long hair pulled back at the sides, I now saw clearly the pointed ears that had been hidden from me by his long, loose hair after my rescue from the river. "He's not a man. He's an elf!" I remember exclaiming, totally stunned by my discovery. "Yes, he is." The man laughed again, before shaking his head and moving away, no doubt wanting to get away from someone so obviously daft. The party of three, king, queen and elven prince, followed by four royal guards, were continuing to come my way. I held my breath, as the prince walked directly towards me. I stepped to the side to allow him to pass, though my eyes never left his beautiful face. When he came even with me, he couldn't help but see the open-mouthed stare on my face. He smiled indulgently. I'm sure, as an elf among humans, he was used to seeing such a reaction. Even so, there was nothing forced about his smile. The warmth behind it was genuine. It was the same brilliant smile he had given me when I had awakened after almost drowning, and he had known I would be all right. I wanted so much to ask if he remembered me, to thank him again, to say something - anything. But it was as if an unseen hand was constricting my throat. No sound would come out. He inclined his head at me, and then he was past me, moving down the path beside King Elessar and Queen Arwen. I let my breath out slowly. He looked exactly as he had the day he first leaned over a bedraggled, half-drowned twelve year old. It was then I remembered that, as an elf, he was immortal and would likely change little in the coming millennia, much less doing so in a mere thirty years. For a brief moment, I felt a little hurt that he hadn't recognized me. The memory of what had happened had been seared so deeply into my own memory that I couldn't imagine he wouldn't remember it as I did. I quickly berated myself for such a thought. I had been a child then. I was forty two years old now, well into my middle years. I had changed dramatically over the years, so how could I, in all honesty, expect that he could look at the woman I had become and see the young girl I had once been, a girl he had seen for only a brief time. I watched him retreat, his shoulders squared, his back straight with his long, golden hair flowing down it. He moved with a light, graceful step. Seeing him was like a release for me. It was suddenly all right that he didn't see in me the girl he had rescued from the rapids. His identity had been revealed, and that was a long-held burden that was lifted from my heart. X I saw him many times through the years. He was usually on horseback, riding up to the Citadel to visit the king or riding down, presumably on his way back to Ithilien, where he lived and ruled a colony of elves. A few times I would catch his eye, and he would smile at me, though there was still no recognition in his eyes, not even for the woman among the many he had once seen at a crowded festival. I would simply smile back. More often than not, though, he looked neither right nor left, as he rode through the city streets, his mind on important matters. Some of the time King Elessar rode with him, and the two would often be laughing together. Their friendship is legendary. The prince always looked the same. Still does. As handsome and regal as ever. But to me, he will simply be the one who saved my life and by doing so, saved the ones who would be my future family. It has been so long now that, as I said at the beginning, he will probably never remember that one day in summer, yet it's enough for me that I remember it for the both of us. And now, with this story, my family for generations to come, will know what he did for us all. The End