not a shameless self insert. The Tenth Walker Plot This can be combined with every other type of plot and is grossly common, despite making no sense. Let's take a look at our NINE walkers; The ring-barer, a future king, and elf prince, a noble warrior, a Maia, a dwarf who uses an awesome weapon, The Hobbit who made everything possible, a hobbit who saved Faramir and a hobbit who helped kill the Witch King. There's a reason these nine were chosen to counter the nine wraiths; they each helped in destroying the one rings and saving middle earth; they combined all the races and fought evil by bringing their skills to the table. What does an OFC bring? Not the downfall of Sauron, as that was accomplished without her. And since that was the purpose of the quest, why does she need to be there? Also, the downfalls to having a girl on the quest greatly outweigh the zero pros. For one, she would be another mouth to feed, which means more supplies. She would also be a distraction to our male fighters (who, no, would not rape her, but might be wondering what the fuck they're supposed to do with a stunning maiden trailing around). She would also throw of the balance pf walkers/wraiths. Not a good thing. The There-is-Literally-no-Plot-Here-but-the-Romance Plot here's the bottom line; with the above two plots, there is at least something resembling conflict. In this plot, well... these come in many forms; arranged marriage, girl-likes-guy-who-doesn't-know-she-exists, people from different classes or races falling in love...they are countless. Now, sometimes they can be well written, when there is genuine conflict other than a love triangle , when the cast of supporting characters is interesting and dynamic, and when things actually happen to detail how an actual courtship and relationship would work in ME. But they don't quite embody this plot. This plot is when the entire story, every single chapter , is devoted to the relationship or something to do with it. Side characters are mentioned in throwaway lines and subplots abound, but never overshadow the main relationship- even when nothing interesting is happening with the couples dynamic. Also, these plots tend to go against all the laws of Middle-Earth. Elves and Men pairing, for example, are rare, with four known cases; Two where the elf woman became human, one where the human man became immortal, and one where the elf and woman never really hooked up (this is also the only pair in which the elf was the male, which is interesting, but a topic for another essay). But in fanfiction, you'd think every elf was getting it on with whatever mortal walked by. The Character Study Plot My personal favorite, this plot deals with the trials and tribulations of a character and their life. It handles their friends, romance, job, political and social situation, etc. it's, in many ways, a subsection of the above plot, focusing mainly on one character. The difference here is intent. Romances are created for just that- to tingle your panties. These stories stem from a place of wanting to flesh out a character, culture, or some other aspect of Middle Earth. Of course, the OCs for this are hardest to create, because of the amount of development they need to be successful. If you know of a good one, however please recommend it. Other Characters and Yours By far one of the biggest complaints most Mary Sues get is how unrecognizable they render the characters. Boromir is turned into a rapist, Legolas into a million different stereotypes, and the hobbits into children. It's really disturbing. To get the characters right, you not only need to read and study the books like they're the freaking bible, but understand the time period. Back in the ages the books are based off of, girls with 'spunk' weren't liked, they were frown upon and treated as brats. The concept of a strong, independent woman was not well accepted or even to existant- yes, Éoywn was kick ass, but she was an exception, and remember what I said about avoiding those? It's important to understand motive when writing character relations; why do characters feel/react to your character the way they do? Things like jealousy, when aimed at the man character, are rather cliché. But a character feeling annoyed that the OFC can't stop making stupid jokes, and another liking her for being witty, for example, is plausible. Most importantly, it's about balance. Characters should not uniformly love or hate you OFC, sans one or two. Some should like them, others shouldn't. The Ending The way you end your story is extremely important- a make or break moment. If you go the typical rout, the OFC will end up in the loving arms of her love interest and with several children, all subplots happily resolved and side characters cheerful. This isn't so great, because real life isn't like that. There is no such thing as relationships without troubles, or lives without sadness. The opposite is the sad route, which usually ends in the death of the main character (with a flower blooming once a year on their grave, usually), and some more horrific tragedy. This is also inadvisable, because it ends the story so definitely the readers are left with nothing. Mos will agree that the best type of endings are somewhat open-ended, but tie up the main things nicely, and have a mix of good and bad. Perhaps the main character gets together with the love interest, but they have marital problem along the way, and the beta-couple breaks up, while another side character may be pregnant. Most importantly, it's nice to end on a important note. Something that closes things well- the final chapter shouldn't be the climax and resolution, but the tying up of loose ends (unless you want, and have the talent, to be all artistic and ambiguous). And the final words, in my humble opinion, should always be THE END.