metal into0 the Orch's eye. It hollered and fell over. Owemyr turned to see Hemur lying on the ground, coughing and gasping for air as his blood flowed out of his neck in quick squirts. Owemyr knelt down and he grabbed torn cloth and put it to Hemur's neck. His blue eyes glared up at him and he coughed and blood splattered onto Owemyr's face. Owemyr took his hands away from Hemur's neck and he sat back and he looked around as the settlement was being destroyed. He saw a woman running out of an igloo and she was caught ablaze. A loud horrid scream came as she burned. He looked away and he saw an Orch drive a sword through a man and blood went everywhere. Owemyr looked at Hemur, his blue eyes stared up at him, his beard soaked with his blood. He didn't want to believe it, but it was happening. He stood, his sword lightly touching the blood covered snow. He took a step and a blast of fire came from one of the stalls in the market. The fire blazed bright and Owemyr could feel its heat. He saw an Orch charging at him, he saw it all happen in slow motion. Everything was dulled, every noise muted. He reacted and blocked two strikes and he countered and sliced the Orch in the gut and it felt to the ground. Owemyr brought up his foot and drove it down onto the Orch's face and it caved inward and blood splattered out the sides of its head. Owemyr turned to only see more death and chaos as flames surrounded him. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He opened them and exhaled. The snow was blasting past him as he entered the igloo. "This'll take some getting used to" he said as he walked over to his son. "Father, why did we leave?" Owemyr asked He looked at his son and took a seat. "Son, I need you to understand, it was dangerous to stay in White city." " But why?" He swallowed "Well son, I'm not welcome there anymore" " What about me?" " You're not either" " Why, did id do something?" " No, you didn't do anything son, it was my fault" " What happened?" He was silent for a moment, then spoke "I'll tell you when you're older" " Father?" " Yeah son?" " Are there Orcs here?" " We're in the wild son, everything is out here" Owemyr nodded and he looked at his father's sword. "Will you teach me?" He looked at the sword as well, he chuckled "Not tonight" Owemyr nodded "Okay" " Now go to sleep son, we have a long day ahead of us" The sun was up and he was sitting on the only barrel that hadn't been burned to black char. His sword was resting against him, the blade in the snow and the hilt up by his shoulder. The night was long, he was the only survivor. He was still coming down from it all and he just stared at the dead bodies around him. The ground was now frozen again, the red and black mixed blood was now stuck in time. He took a breath and closed his eyes. Everyone was dead, even Gralen, he found her with a spear through her chest. She was stuck to her own stall. He shook his head to get the image out of his head. He closed his eyes and thought about home, the white stones, the laughter of his friends, her. He opened his eyes and it all went away, he was back in a destroyed settlement far up north and alone. He had been alone for two years now, ever since his Father died. Owemyr knew what happened, his Father killed a Tower guardsmen, and he was attacking a woman. But that's not what it looked like, so his father was branded a traitor and he had to flee and he took his son with him. Now he was dead, and the branding was now on him. No one wants a boy with a traitor for a father, a bad seed they would call him. He knew he could never go back home. So he pushed every thought about it out of his head and focused on his current situation. His igloo was still intact, and he was supposed to go hunting. The settlement was down now, he couldn't stay. More Yrch would come and he couldn't survive all of them. Funny, he never really knew them as Yrch, they were always Orc, now though, he called them the same thing every Snowman does. He was living in a whole new world, a world that doesn't care if he died, the snow wasn't going to weep for him. He needed to rely on himself, he'd already been doing it for two years. He stood and sheathed his sword. He walked through the burnt destroyed settlement and made his way up his hill to his igloo. He gathered his things and he got one large pack and he slung it onto his back. He looked at the books on the shelf, he thought about taking them, but then again, he'd read them over seven times. He left them there, he didn't need them. He stood outside his igloo and black smoke was still rising from the settlement. He needed to get a move on, he did not want to be here when the sun went down. Owemyr began walking, nothing but a barren wasteland laid before him. The price you pay for being a traitor's son. Wherever he liked it or not, he was a snowman. He was to be lost to the tales from the world below. He had one destination, it was as far south as he could go without getting killed by his Father's brand. He was headed for the Icebay of Forochel. Author's Note: What do you guys think?