simply faith that the city would live on, praying to nothing would suffice. But then again, would it? Was Gondor's fate really decided by offerings to a god? Had the god that once protected Middle Earth abandoned it? Or was he ever really there to begin with? Could he be holding on still, protecting Middle Earth in its most dire moments? Or had the Dainos overpowered faith in a priest and altar? Aragorn pondered this, keeping his faith in the God that had been there when The Nine had ravaged Minas Tirith, when the five armies fought for Erabor's wealth, when Feanor doomed the house of Finwe. Aragorn kept his faith, hoping, even believing, that victory would be brought to Gondor. A dim hope, but hope nonetheless. Then he heard the first moan. Aragorn broke from his prayers, unsheathing Isealdor's Bane as if he had seen Witch-King once more. The blade was that of legend, but its days of glory seemed ancient: a past that was lost, but a future to be built. A second moan drifted through the chamber, and it became clear that it's source was within the walls. Aragorn glanced around the coffins, searching for an explanation. Then, he remembered. Aragorn's mind was racing, searching for an excuse to not believe reality. But there was no way around it. Gimli had turned. Gimli began to rise from the coffin, twitching, gyrating. The transformation was underway, and Gimli was already standing, jolting and twitching as the disease made its final entry. Aragorn readied his blade, raising it to strike and end the torture. He couldn't help but think of The Prancing Pony. He remembered saving the halflings as The Nine raised their daggers. Now he was the one making the kill. Aragorn clutched the hilt, looking back into the blank eyes of his old friend. He remembered all their adventures together, all their triumphs, all their hardships. The council of Elrond. The Witch-King of Angmar. Now it was over. A past growing more and more distant and a future looking more and more bleak. Suddenly, a moan came from the doorway, followed by scream. They were distant, but growing closer, like hands on a clock. Ticking away with no way to stop them. Ticking and ticking like clockwork until time is up. Moan after moan breached the peaceful air, the sounds of death echoing through the hall of kings. The moans were no longer eerie, as they were from outside the walls. Now they were truly frightening. Once they were only a reminder of death, but now they had become a manifestation of it, ready and willing to bring death to the living. Aragorn made the sweep at Gimli's throat, sending his head tumbling to the floor, his blood staining the memories of his life. A distant past began to fade into oblivion, a great soul fading into darkness. Aragorn leveled the blade again, memories of the fellowship rotting away, faith in a mighty kingdom taking their place. Then came the screams: human screams. The screams of his people. Bors Laketown. Pride of the lonely mountain. Humbly set on the Eastern Horizon, as it had been for generations. The town had been built on hopes and dreams, but now, long after Smaug's demise, it was built solely on gold and mithriel. The old docks, once a conglomeration of wooden planks and barnacles, were now lined with mithriel, the rotting wood replaced with solid gold. The steeple that once seemed to tower over the simple dwellings was now dwarfed by the magnificent outer walls. Even the lake itself seemed to glitter with a golden hue. It was as if Erabor's rulers still resided in the hallowed gold, a tipped hat to the line of Durin. The town was prosperous, peaceful, and proud. The names and titles of heroes from a distant history still rode the murmurs of gossip. Titles like Dwarf-Lord and Wizard were quite common, a long-dead past aiding an uncertain future. The names of old heroes seemed to give hope, providing strength to those who didn't know they had it. Even the villains could bring excitement to the air, a more sinister tone brought into the mix. But there was one name that spoke valor above all others. Bard. Long before the War of the Ring, Bard, a man of Laketown, had slain the dragon Smaug, sending a black arrow into the weakest point of the dragon's hide. the worm's corpse was then sent deep into the lake, a final gnash at the Smaug's expense. Supposedly, the body still resided there, preserved in the ice and snow. But even now, in Laketown's prime, the horror of the dragon and the destruction in his wake was still a topic to be avoided. Despite Smaug's death decades ago, the fear he had brought and the damage he had done still haunted Laketown's memories. There were even those who believed he would return. Every morning, hundreds of men and women gathered on the ice just outside the walls, releasing overflowing cages of Dainos into the lake. They believed that feeding the icy waters their infected victims would appease the massive dragon, whose body lay in the depths below the lapping waves. Some argued that this would only anger Smaug, causing him to rise once more. Others went for a more practical approach, debating the likelihood of Smaug actually being revived. Most, however, regarded the tradition as mere superstition, a last remnant of a superstitious past. Among the latter was Bors. Bors was the opposite of superstitious. He lived in the moment, only believing what was tangible. He sat in his canoe, line cast into the icy waves, every morning, every day. He sold his catch to those who could pay, feeding is family with the delicious taste of a good catch. Every day, every year. It seemed like this was his life, a good life, a routine life, a life to be enjoyed. Bors had no idea what was coming.