"Remember, little sister," I said to her, "Father would never have let me come back without my having information." "Yes, he would have. You've been gone three years. Any father would let you come back after that. It's not like you wanted to be gone that long." But I wasn't listening. I climbed onto Mynio's back, and flew back over the sea, to the land of eternal evil. Chapter 5: The Council Raid Featuring: Erodno I was in my bedroom, sitting at my desk in front of a tall, curving window overlooking a beautiful view of the sapphire blue Salavandi River. My enormous Book of Lore was sitting on top of my desk, its yellow pages open to the very back. I closed it with a loud thud, and admired the hard wood cover, with painted gold leaves and blue sapphires set into it. The sides of the pages were painted in gold, and the hand-written spidery words were occasionally blotched by ink. I thought about my long lost wife, Arwenasted. I was sure of one thing: the Arwenerindil-girl that Ouralwin had brought was my Arwenerindil, my daughter. Ouralwin was also my daughter; I'd known that forever. I'd nearly just given up hope that Arwenerindil was even still alive. But she was. Could Arwenasted be alive too? But no, I'd seen her die, before my very eyes. This is the story: I'm not from Whistannya. I'm from Corudia. I'd fallen in love with Arwenasted, a fair elf-maiden with honey-spun hair and clear water blue eyes. She'd turned out to a Haxcranyan Goddess, the Goddess of Art. We'd had a daughter, Arwenerindil. Later, she bore a son, named Mefa. And, one late spring day, Ouralwin was borne. I remember holding her in my arms, while Arwenerindil and Mefa were running after each other, playing. And all of the sudden, Blaxioadda's thrice-accursed Neon-Okachi jumped out of the forest and attacked us. Arwenerindil and Mefa stood defensively in front of Arwenasted, but Arwenasted took courage and protected them with her sword. Arwenasted had always been better than I in the art of swordcraft. But she was up against too many, and I must admit all my defense lies in wisdom rather than swordcraft. She was murdered; Arwenerindil and Mefa had fled together; I ran through the Mist to Whistannya, with Ouralwin clutched in my arms. It is my belief that Blaxioadda had wanted Ouralwin, for the witches had told me that she was to be of great importance in the struggle against evil. But alas I had never again heard of either my wife or my eldest son and daughter. Arwenerindil was here now, miraculously, but she had told me that Mefa had joined Blaxioadda. The Sun had now reached full peak in the great blue dome of the sky. I left my bedroom and went for a ride on my horse, Gallymdaa. He is a strong black stallion, cousin to Sathold. I watched as Elafango trotted beside us for a while. Elafango had once been Arwenasted's horse. I was glad that Elafango had taken to Arwenerindil. That mare would protect her; they were also rather good friends. Just like Ouralwin and Sathold would protect each other to the extreme; that was out of friendship loyalty. All of the sudden, I remembered that the Council I was holding was tomorrow. The peoples that were to attend were coming today to spend the night. I must be ready to take them in. I quickly left Gallymdaa by a small lake, where he began to wade into the cool water. Ouralwin stepped through the trees to where I was. She said, "The King of Soradya has arrived. The dwarves from the land Shwathelne will arrive very soon. The King of Soradya also says that the Fairies and Angels of Masuthalc are on the way. Should I lead them to the spare bedrooms?" "Yes, and thank you, Ouralwin. The Council will be held tomorrow, at the dawning of twilight, beside Kala's pool." Ouralwin turned and ran through the forest. Should I tell her and Arwenerindil who I am? No, I decided, not now. And certainly not when my son cannot also be there. Agitated by my conscience, I walked back to the place where everyone would be. I found King Metholi of Soradya, along with the dwarves Yonceling and Detheyo. Thundering into the clearing on a magnificent dawn-grey stallion with a golden mane was Alladyr, the Queen of the Salonnwyn Elves. At the call of an eagle I noticed a large Pelasi, most likely carrying Ethalmyn of Kronadon. Behind the Pelasi, there flew a small group of angels and fairies from Masuthalc. Elves from our own land Ithaliad stepped through the trees, followed by Dryads, Naiads, and Centaurs. Rowing in little canoes on the Salavandi river were the Innawians, small farmer folk, who were excellent warriors when needed. Lastly, swimming behind the canoes, were merpeople. Even a few sprites had come, though they rarely bothered with anyone else besides themselves. I was slightly surprised that they'd come. "Welcome back, Alladyr," I said to the Queen of Salonnwyn. She and I were very good friends. "Erodno, Glordyan, the King of the Eagles, has told me that Ouralwin will be at the Council. Is this true?" "Yes, it is true, and Arwenerindil will be there too. Be sure to keep your word not to tell them I'm their father." "You still haven't told her then?" "You know I cannot." "Will you ever?" "Alladyr, you are the one person I told about this. Don't ruin that trust." "Arwenasted would have told them if she were you. I knew her. You can't argue against that." "Leave Arwenasted out of this! I, as a father, can decide on my own when to tell them." Alladyr sighed, her beautiful blue eyes filled with sadness. I couldn't understand why. But before I could ask what was wrong, she turned away with her horse. The merpeople began to make themselves comfortable among the rocks.