nervousness and uncertainty he had felt his first time, and the care his partner had taken to treasure him and treat him as though he mattered. "It's alright," he whispered reassuringly as he brushed a stray curl out of Sam's face. "You're safe with me. I'll take care of you." Sam didn't respond, but his eyes spoke of his implicit trust as he guided Frodo's head down to connect their lips, accepting Frodo's tongue into his mouth as readily as he had accepted Frodo's fingers into his body. "Keep going, me-dear," he said when they finally drew apart to breathe. "I'm ready." Nodding once, Frodo glanced down briefly to align his shaft with Sam's entrance. Slowly, ever-so slowly, he eased himself inside, taking his time since the length that Sam would be accepting was a bit more substantial than his fingers. Sam's breath hitched; despite the foreknowledge he had possessed, he was nonetheless unprepared for the sudden pain that accompanied his penetration by Frodo. He could feel his heart rate increase and the blood pump through his veins as he fought every instinct that told him to reject the foreign object currently working its way up his arse. But then he looked at Frodo's angelic face, and all was right with his world. Frodo was looking intently at him, concern evident in his eyes, but Sam simply forced his lips to curve upwards, forming a smile that did little to reassure Frodo. So Sam kissed him instead. At that moment, Frodo brushed against Sam's prostate - and Sam saw stars, bigger and brighter than any of Gandalf's fireworks. He moaned aloud. Frodo seemed to sense what had occurred, as he proceeded to aim for that particular spot again and again, while at the same time stroking Sam's straining erection with an expert twist of his wrist and leaving behind a glistening trail of oil. "Master Frodo..." Sam gasped seconds before achieving his release, riding wave after wave of passion in a spectacular release that coated both of their bellies, in addition to Frodo's hand. Frodo followed soon after, spilling his seed within Sam before collapsing on top of the sturdy hobbit, his energy having been completely spent. "That was amazing," he whispered, planting a kiss at the base of Sam's throat. "Now that I've had a taste of loving you, I don't think I ever want to stop." "I have to go home eventually, Frodo," Sam pointed out to him. "Why?" asked Frodo petulantly, raising his head slightly to look into Sam's eyes. "Why not move in to Bag End with me? You practically live here, anyway. This would make our relationship official and shoot down any rumors that hobbits like the Sackville-Bagginses might start about you and me. Then we'd be free to do as we please; we could make love at any time of the night or day, and no one would be the wiser... not that it makes any difference to me, you understand, if we were discovered. I love you, and I don't care if the whole of the Middle-earth knows it." "You really mean that, Frodo?" asked Sam in disbelief. "I'm not just another one of your 'conquests,' then?" "Sweet Eru - no!" exclaimed Frodo. "You are more precious to me than Smaug's entire horde of treasure, Samwise Gamgee. I want us to spend the rest of our lives together, loving each other and being the best of friends. However you want me, Sam, I'm yours." "Then I want you forever, Master Frodo," Sam whispered softly, raising a hand to reverently brush a curl from out of Frodo's face. "Will you be mine?" "Only if you'll be mine," Frodo replied. By now, he had unsheathed himself from Sam, though he remained balanced above the younger hobbit, bare skin pressed against bare skin. "I guess that's that, then," said Sam, using his considerable strength to shift Frodo off of him, yet keeping him nestled in the safety of his arms. Frodo gladly acquiesced, snuggling as close as he possibly could into Sam's side and letting Sam's warmth envelope him as he rested his head on Sam's shoulder. "Love you, Sam," he murmured quietly, the haze of sleep already stealing over him. "I love you, too, Frodo," said Sam, pressing a kiss to the top of Frodo's head before briefly resting his cheek in the same spot, then pulling one of the spare blankets over their naked bodies as he thought about how they would both be in desperate need of a bath the next day. Sometime later that night, when the fire was nothing more than a pile of dying embers, Sam awoke to a disturbance nearby. Frodo was struggling against some invisible foe in his sleep, limbs flailing wildly about as he whimpered, tears leaking down his pale cheeks from behind closed eyelids. A brief glance outside the parlor window revealed that it was pitch-black, though Sam could make out the faint outline of snow falling softly on the ground. "Frodo," Sam called, shaking him slightly, but to no avail. Carefully, he crawled on top of Frodo and pinned his wrists in place, then shook him with a bit more force. Frodo's eyes snapped open at that, darting from side to side before settling on Sam. "Sam," he cried, surging upwards and wrapping his arms securely around Sam's neck, clinging to him desperately. Sam just held him tightly as he laid them both back down. Frodo continued to tremble and shake within the confines of his arms for quite some time, before his motions eventually stilled and Sam could feel the tension drain from his body. "It was so dark... and cold... and I was all alone," said Frodo at last, his voice barely above a whisper. "I'm here; I'll always be here," Sam murmured reassuringly as he continued to stroke Frodo's hair with one hand and rub his back with the other. "Your Sam won't let any harm come to you - I promise."