well-rested, mind restored and efficiently address the maladies so obviously plaguing his people. By the time the family reached the Gate, they all felt a little more at ease and were anxious to leave the city behind them. However, when Aragorn noticed that only two guards were positioned at the gate, he once more grew worrisome. The entrance to the city was always more heavily guarded than this. Remembering the Captain's words, Aragorn approached a guard at the gate who bowed as he drew near. "My Lord." "Where are the rest of the guards?" demanded the king. "A fight broke out at a tavern down the street so we sent some of our men to handle it," the guard replied, "Another troop is searching for a pair of robbers who broke into a family home this morning and made off with a young boy." Aragorn ran a weary down his face at the news while Legolas hugged Eldarion all the tighter. "Very well. Please report to your Captain and inform him that the princes and I have made it safely through the city," ordered the king. "Right away, my Lord." With another bow, the guard turned and began his trek up to the citadel. Motioning to Legolas to wait for a moment, Aragorn walked up to another guard who was surprised when the king grasped his shoulder and leaned in close. "I want you to make note of anyone who leaves and enters the city during my absence. If we are not back in one week, assume the worst and send a scouting party. Am I understood?" "Yes, Your Majesty," the guard straightened immediately, wanting to prove to his king that he would take his assignment seriously. "Thank you. And as soon as the other troops return, tell them that I want no less than a dozen guards at the gate at all times." With a meaningful look and a final pat on the shoulder, the man returned to his family, one of which was eying him curiously. "What did you tell him?" asked Legolas. "I was just taking some precautions," answered the man as he took his son from the elf's arms and placed him on his shoulders before walking through the gate of the city. Legolas looked after his husband, annoyed and confused at the vague answer he had received until he willed his legs to move and catch up with his family. A few hours had passed since the royal family's departure from the city. Dyllon had informed his Captain of their safe parting, as instructed, before returning to his post at the gate. He sighed when he saw the rest of his fellow guards had not returned from their tasks. The only guard at the gate was Verrill who nodded at his arrival. "The king wants there to be a dozen guards here while he is away. We need to inform Ronan when we change stations tonight." "Indeed. Any disturbances since I left?" "None. Though our brothers in arms seem to be having a trying time since they have failed to return." "My thoughts exactly!" boomed a voice off to the side, the accent heavy. The two guards turned to find large, cloaked man approaching them slowly. Arrogance exuded from his gait and he examined his nails nonchalantly. The guards straightened their posture and grasped the hilt of their swords as the stranger drew closer, hood still up. "Reveal yourself and state your business," ordered Verrill. The man huffed, "My business is my own. Why should I have to tell you?" "It's the king's orders," Verrill replied, unsheathing his sword. They could see the man smirk from under his hood before he drew back and spat at the guards' feet. "That's what I think about King Elessar and his orders," hissed the man. "Hold your tongue!" instructed Dyllon, now unsheathing his own weapon, "Or we'll be forced to arrest you for your treacherous words! The man began to laugh, a low, guttural sound that caused his shoulders to shake. "Who will apprehend me?" he jeered, "You two? No, no. It'll take more than that." "Nonsense! You're outnumbered," exclaimed Verrill. The man grinned and as if on cue, five more men stepped out of the shadows and onto the street. The two guards exchanged a troubled glance. "I brought company!" announced the man, throwing his arms in the air, "You see, I expected a lot more guards with all the chaos happenin' recently. What sort a king leaves his gates poorly defended while he sneaks away like a thief in the night?" "Silence!" shouted Dyllon, angered by the traitorous words seeping from the man's mouth. The man laughed again, this time joined by his companions who had begun to spread out and form a circle around the pair of guards. "I'm afraid, my dear fellows" began the man as he pulled out a sword of his own, "That it's you two who will soon find yourselves silent. Eternally." The guards eyes' widened and they soon found themselves descended upon by the armed vagrants. The struggle was brief, though not easy. The guards managed to dispose of two men before they were disarmed and forced to kneel. Their helmets were removed and knives placed to their throats as the cloaked man stood before them. "You want to know my business?" he teased, crouching in front of the glaring guards, "I'm going to give Gondor the king it deserves." With an affirming glance at his companions, the knives were dragged across the guards' throats. He watched as blood bubbled out of the slits and panicked eyes lost their focus. Standing up, the cloaked man addressed his cohorts. "So it has begun. Let us leave before the others return." With that, the men scurried through the gate and made for the wilds. Translations: (correct me if I'm wrong) Meleth - Love, Lover, My Love Herven- husband Amin hiraetha - I am sorry Ada - daddy ion-nin - son, my son