landing yourself right into Sauron's clutches? Maybe even have them find themselves in Valinor or Bree or Dale or Erebor, or anywhere but Rivendell or Hobbiton. Have them meet Easterners before Westerners and learn to sympathize with the enemy. Have them meet a group of traveling dwarves and turn it into a Snow White parody. Just do something new and unique! The Language Barrier Tolkien created several languages and parts of languages for his world; I've even read that the reason he created Middle Earth was s he could have a place for his languages to exist. So why does anyone think English exists in this language rich world? You can act like Westron is similar to Old English, I guess, but let's be honest, how many of us understand Shakespearean diction perfectly with no effort, let alone a changed version of it? You Need to address the fact that the character from Earth would not be able to easily understand anyone in Middle Earth. They would have to slowly learn the language, and you have to take into account dialect, slang, and colloquialisms. Hygiene, Hair, and Health One thing that bothers me in Girl-in-Middle-Earth fics is that this topic is ignored. To draw attention to it, I have made a list of things they do not have in Middle Earth you should consider: Running water Flushing toilets Toilet Paper Toothbrushes Modern toothpaste Tampons Pads Showers Deodorant Machines to wash your clothing Razors for your legs, pits, and nether regions Acne creme underpants Now, if I were in a place without these things, I know working around my modern sensibilities would be a big part of my daily life. So they'd better be part of your characters, as well, because we all know we're nothing without our TP. Another thing to consider is that many diseases exist in Middle Earth but not here; also, medical procedures and cures were no where near our own. Also, Middle Earth is dirty, a festering ground for bacteria. Now, you don't need to give your character TB within a week of being there, but it's something you should keep in mind to add realism to the story; disease is a very real, very scary thing, because it's not something you can physically fight off. Exploring it in the fic would really bring out the fish-out-of-water vibe in a majorly dramatic way. Also, if your character looks unnatural (died hair, piercings, etc.), it must be addressed in the story . Relationships with Canon Characters I think the problem that most girl-in-Middle-Earth stories encounter when it comes to the OC interacting with the CCs (other than OOC and other things addressed in other guides) is that they ignore the fact that the OC already has a relationship with them as characters, and now needs to build a new one with them as people. I mean think about your favorite character; you have memories of reading about them, ideas about their character, and a unique insight into their mind. They may have even had a profound influence on your life in a way they never knew. But no, you meet them. You have to see them as a person, with flaws and bad traits, who makes mistakes. This is, in my humble opinion, a really interesting relationship that is more often than not, ignored. Also, there needs to be a reason for characters to believe yours. I mean, would you believe it if someone you just met told you your name and who you were and then said they were from the future? Probably not. You need to build a relationship between characters that allows us to believe that they would believe your character. And no, simply telling them everything about themselves is not good enough. As for romance, I wrote a guide on that as well. Personally, I'm fine with romance so long as you don't make it the point of the whole story. Girl-in-Middle-Earth fics work best when they're character or culture or story pieces first, and romances second. Affect of the Story Now, a big question is how much, if anything, needs to be changed. Many authors chose the safe route and make their character a simple observer in actions they cannot change, but if you're feeling adventurous, you can try other things out. Maybe have them try to save people but ultimately fail, or have them do something to stop one bad thing that causes a million other awful things to happen. The key is this; every thing they change must have a consequence . They can't save Boromir and then have nothing bad happen as a result. His death had a profound affect on the story; embittering Denethor further, making sure the Hobbits were taken to Isenguard, the three hunters going to Rohan... these all should be addressed. To Leave or Not to Leave This is the ultimate end question. Lets examine the pros and cons of both options. Staying: the pros of this are many; you get to play with emotions and themes of home and belonging, and you get to wrap up every hanging thread. It also adds to the realism of you story. On the other hand, this may seem like an easy-way-out. It can just be an easy ay to give your character a happy ending, especially if their earth-life sucks. Returning : With this type of fic, you get to really play up angst and themes of regret and memories. It also may make your fic seem more deep and have more gravity. But you may have to leave plot threads hanging, and you'll have to work this out with how she got there. At the end of the day, it's up to you, just do what's best for the story and character. The Final Bit If you chose to venture into this genre, I wish you well, but beware; it's a fine line that separates the good from the bad, and you are likely to trip.