Pippin had told Frodo of how he had pretended to be the Ring-bearer to convince the greedy Orc leader to take him and Merry away by themselves. They had each acted in his best interests, without a thought for their own needs and wants. Even when volunteering to accompany him, they hadn't known where they were agreeing to go; yet when they finally did learn, nothing would persuade them to desert Frodo. "No, thank you ," he whispered, his voice cracking as he fought back tears while continuing to clutch them both close to his chest. Merry and Pippin chose to ignore his moment of weakness, knowing their cousin wouldn't want attention drawn to the fact that he was close to crying. "Think about what we've said, Fro," Merry whispered in his ear. "We just want you and Sam to be as happy as we are." "I know you do, and I promise that I'll give your advice some consideration," Frodo replied. "That's all we ask," said Pippin, he and Merry waving as Frodo took his leave of them to return to Sam in the kitchen. Frodo could hear Sam's voice drifting to him from the kitchen; he was singing the same song he had sung in the tower. Frodo's steps faltered as he recalled the darkness he had wished would claim him, and the light Sam had shone with that called him back from the edge of despair. He paused in the entryway, leaning against the doorframe to observe Sam in his element: he was enthusiastically scrubbing the dirty dishes; his shirtsleeves were rolled up, exposing his tanned and muscled arms. Frodo shivered as he imagined being enfolded in those same arms; the strength they contained was enough to break Frodo should Sam so desire... Shaking his head to rid it of such dismal thoughts, Frodo joined Sam at the sink, picking up a discarded cloth and drying the dishes that Sam handed to him. He was surprised that the other hobbit offered no resistance to his helping out, but then maybe he was feeling as mellow as Frodo himself was. It was a peaceful night, one for throwing away propriety and enjoying the company of one's friends, whether they were servant or master. Oh, Sam, if only you knew how much I love you , Frodo thought as he silently regarded the hobbit who was more than his gardener; he was his best friend, and Frodo held him in as high regard as Sam himself held Frodo. "Will that be all, sir?" asked Sam, observing his master curiously as he wondered what Frodo was thinking. "Yes, Sam," Frodo replied tiredly. "You can go to bed now, if you like." He wished that, just once, Sam would address him simply as 'Frodo.' He'd like nothing better than to hear his name pass Sam's lips without being accompanied by an honorific. While he knew that the younger hobbit felt it was his due, both as the master of Bag End and as a hero in the war of the Ring, he didn't ask for the respect that Sam gave him. He wanted nothing more than to return to the simple days in the Shire before the Ring had passed into his possession, when his main concerns had been keeping Merry and Pippin out of trouble and listening to Bilbo tell him and Sam of his adventures. "Alright, then," said Sam. "Good night, Sam," Frodo replied, forcing a smile on his face as he watched Sam leave for his own bed in the smial, though he would eventually find his way to Frodo's room - to keep an eye on him should he suffer from bad dreams, Frodo suspected. Frodo retired to the parlor and picked up a book of Elvish poetry that he was in the middle of reading. However, he couldn't seem to focus on the words in front of him when all his thoughts were of Sam, who had a similar interest in both poetry and in Elves. "I might as well go to bed," said Frodo, speaking aloud to the empty room. After banking the fire, Frodo walked slowly down the hallway, pausing outside the door to Sam's room, which was next to his own. How he longed to enter, taking Sam in his arms and claiming him as his own - just like in your dream , his guilty conscience reminded him - but Sam would never accept his advances. Or if he did, it would be out of a sense of obligation or duty that he felt he owed his master. Better to dream of what might be than to have Sam reject me outright or merely act as he thinks I wish for him to , Frodo thought dejectedly. Undressing and slipping on his nightshirt, Frodo crawled into bed and pulled the covers up to his chin. Ever since being stabbed by the Morgul-blade, Frodo found that he was incapable of staying warm, even on a hot summer day. As he lay curled up in a ball with his arms wrapped around his middle, shivering due to the cold emanating from the wound on his shoulder, he saw a sliver of light appear from a crack in the door and heard Sam quietly creep into the room. "Sleep well, master," Frodo heard him whisper as he arranged himself on the floor next to Frodo's bed. "Your Sam's here, now." As Sam's words of comfort washed over him, Frodo felt a tingling sensation that started at his toes and worked its way up his body, warming him from the inside out. He realized, then, that he would always need Sam; he couldn't imagine life without him, and he didn't even want to try. As you watch over me, so I do over you, Samwise Gamgee , Frodo thought in the moments before sleep claimed him. I love you, now and forever, and will continue to do so for as long as we both shall live.