this colony are getting desperate for our princess to return All of a sudden there is loud crash in the garden outside, my dear wife, my lovely daughter, my son and I quickly get up and leave the kitchen before immediately rushing out into the garden to find out what in Arda's name is happening outside. Once we are out in the garden I cannot help but feel relieved at what I see. Standing right in the middle of the garden are the children of our Prince and Princess, the royal children of Gondor and Rohan, Katrina, and the grandchildren of Gondor's Steward, behind them is a group of people who I have never seen before. Unsurprisingly I am almost knocked over as my son rushes to Katrina and spins her around in the air, Sybella approach's the second oldest child of the Prince and Princess, curtsies before her and then asks the identity of the strangers. Princess Sorcha tells her that she will explain later because right now she, her twin and younger sister, her cousins, and her friends really wanted to get out of the clothes that they were currently wearing and that the group of strangers were the family of her mother and her aunt. My wife and I share a look at each other, if these people are the parents and cousins of our Crown Princess and the Queen of Rohan, then the nightmare that the elves of the colony have been going through recently is still far from over, because this man and woman have absolutely no idea that their two oldest daughters are now married and have been so for the past fifteen years. Later that evening Prince Legolas of Mirkwood was pacing in his room when there was a knock on the door and Lady Sonya came in, curtsying before him his wife's friend told him that his children, his nephew and two nieces, and their friends had returned, after coming out of his stunned relief the Prince of Mirkwood asked where the children were and Lady Sonya informed him that they were getting out of the strange clothes they had been wearing when they had returned, and changing into some of their normal clothes and that she would bring the children to him once they were finished, Lady Sonya also told him that his wife's parents and two of her cousins had somehow been brought with them. Once Lady Sonya had excused herself Legolas instantly groaned, honestly, Sally's cousin Carina was easy to get along with, but his wife's older cousin Justin had been almost unbearable as it was, and now her parents (who had no idea that he and their second oldest daughter were married) had been brought here, for the love of Elbereth, was this utterly dreadful nightmare never going to come to an end? Meanwhile he needed to send word to his friends that all of their children had finally been brought back to them. About two hours later the royal children of Gondor and Rohan entered along with the children of the ring-bearer, Eldarion was now dressed in a red tunic with a golden belt, Celebrian was dressed in a pale blue dress with pearls and a silver necklace, Gilrean was dressed in a bright red dress trimmed with gold, and Luthien was dressed in a navy blue bodice with white sleeves and skirt, Katrina was now wearing a white and green flowing long-sleeved dress with gold trimming with a matching headband, Elfwine was dressed in a white tunic with a gold belt and forest green robes, Allysia was dressed in a dark red dress with deep green robes, a star shaped golden brooch and a jeweled headband, and Jane was now wearing a gray/green dress trimmed with gold and a white headband incrusted with pearls and gold. Next came the grandchildren of Gondor's Steward, Ecthelion was now dressed in a green tunic with a white shirt underneath, brown leggings and a long dark green robe, and Finduilas was wearing a white and gold shift with a dark blue overdress with a golden belt, and a gold and pearl headband. Sam Baggins was dressed in a white shirt and brown pants, and Serena was wearing a light blue dress with a dark blue hair-ribbon. Not long after they were all standing at one side of the large room, the new generation of Mirkwoods royal family came into their fathers study, Oropher was dressed in a dark blue tunic with black leggings and wearing a silver circlet, Sorcha was dressed in a flowing white and gold dress, matching jewelry and a copper tiara. Once Oropher and Sorcha had entered and gone to stand at the other side of the room Amrungil and Catherine, also twins, arrive. Thankfully Sorcha has made them wear different clothes rather then dressing the same, Amrungil is wearing a sky-blue dress with a golden sash and golden jewelry, while Catherine is dressed in a flowing white gown trimmed with blue and small silver earrings. Finally, Anna and Laure come inside, Anna was now wearing a golden yellow dress with a white sash, a pearl necklace, and a golden hair-ribbon, and Laure was now wearing a light red shift with a gold overdress, gold earrings, and a red hair-ribbon, once Anna and Laure were standing with their older brother and sisters they bowed/curtsied in front of their father and Oropher and Sorcha began telling their father what had happened when they had disappeared five months ago and just where it was that they had ended up landing. Now if only Legolas could find out whereabouts in Middle-earth his wife, her sister, and her friends had somehow managed to end up landing in when they had returned from their home world. o o o o o o Authors Note: First Chapter of my new story is finally up. Next Chapter will be dedicated to the person whose review is the nicest, and whoever reviewed first. Winter Queens.