largest, thickest blanket and smoothing it out flat under the window. He then layered three more, thinner blankets on top of that, and finally a thin white comforter over that as a blanket. The boy then returned to his own makeshift bed and placed Beorn on his pillow, proceeding to cover up the bear with his blanket. Legolas smiled, pleased with his new playmate. Estel was the perfect fit for Legolas. Though the boy was almost a perfect foil to the young elf, they got along famously, Estel's bright smile and mischievous ideas brought out the childishness in the little elf. From early in his life, Legolas had been taught that he must be noble, humble, and obedient, but this boy lit a spark inside the young elf that allowed him to have fun and perhaps even misbehave. It wasn't that Legolas didn't usually have fun, but his fun was quiet and controlled; climbing trees, practicing his archery, drawing the little birds that sat in the leafy boughs. This boy was different. "Could I bring my pillow down there?" the little Elf asked. He wasn't familiar with the procedure involved in a 'sleep over' "Yes of course you can! You have to be cozy!" Estel answered, sitting on his own fluffy pillow. Legolas tossed his pillow down into his next of blankets, then sat down on the ground and carefully placed Gilthoniel carefully on the pillow. "I suppose it isn't so terrible down here." Legolas observed, looking up at the room, then out the window just above his head. It was fun to look at things from another angle. "This must be what little trees see from the bottom of the forest." "I never thought of that…" Estel answered, looking around as well. "Do trees really have many feelings?" Legolas raised an eyebrow. He thought everyone knew about the thoughts and feelings of trees. "Yes of course they do! Trees know all sorts of things! They are very old and wise, and if you listen very carefully, trees will tell you all sorts of things! I'll show you tomorrow when the sun comes up!" "Alright!" the little boy exclaimed, hugging Beorn tight against his chin. "It'll be so fun." He flopped backwards and let his head sink into the pillow, just as the last rays of sunshine glistened through the window, then curled up into a ball on his side, smiling as he closed his eyes. Legolas laid down as well, resting gently on his back, his delicate hands clasped and rested on his chest, and eventually he drifted off into the space between awake and dreaming, the place where Elves slept. Legolas had been asleep for some time when he was awakened by his father's voice drifting in from the doorway. "Legolas!" he whispered urgently, wondering where his son was, for the space on the floor he and Estel were sleeping on was obscure from the door. The little boy sat up and listened, then stood very suddenly, startled, and not wanting his father to be frightened. "I'm here, Adar." He whispered, fearful of waking Estel. Though Elves could go for very long periods without sleeping, he knew that sleep was precious to Men. "What are you doing down there?" Thranduil asked, "And still dressed in your traveling clothes? Have you forgotten your night things?" he asked, opening his arms, an invitation for his son to approach, which he did, and hugged his father. "No…Estel and I were having a sleep over," he said quietly, a bit frightened at what his father's reaction would be. Sleeping on the floor was not a noble thing to do, and Legolas was a prince, after all, though sometimes he wished he was not. Thranduil repositioned himself on one knee, so to be more Legolas' height, and smiled, brushing the silken hair out of his son's pale eyes. "I'm sorry. Forgive me, Adar." "Ah, how I love you, iôn." The tall, fair Elf said to his son with a smile, embracing him again. "You have done nothing wrong. Lord Elrond and I used to have sleepovers as well when I came to visit here. That was when I was small like you." "Really?" Legolas smiled, his eyes shining. "Yes," Thranduil said, standing and taking his son's hand, leading him into the bathroom attached to all of the guest bedchambers. He retrieved his son's night things off the dresser as he passed. "I was far more mischievous than you are, though. Elrond and I got into quite a bit of trouble when we were small." He lit the candles near the door, cascading light over the bathroom. He sat Legolas on the edge of the sink and helped him unclasp his coat, then pulled his light blue tunic off over his head. He then replaced these garments with a thin white nightshirt with lovely silver beading around the collar and the cuffs. Legolas then kicked off his leggings and pants, replacing them with the thin white pajama bottoms with silver beads around the ankles to match his nightshirt. He smiled. "That's better, isn't it?" "Yes Adar." He answered as his father helped him slide off the countertop and back onto the floor. "Wash your face and hands then clean your teeth. I'll stay to tuck you in." Legolas nodded, happy Estel was asleep. He doubted he needed tucking in by Elrond every night. Legolas felt quite discontented without a hug and a kiss from his father before going to sleep. The little Elf listened obediently, washing in the bowl that was the sink and drying his face and hands on the towel hanging from a silver ring on the wall. He then returned to his makeshift bed on the floor. Thranduil bent down nimbly and kissed his son on the forehead, covering him in the thin, summertime comforter. "Goodnight, Adar." "Sleep well, nín iôn. I love you." "I love you too, Adar." Adar = Father Iôn = Son Gilthoniel = Star-kindler Nín = My