TO WHAT HAPPENED IS NOT GOOD WRITING. IT DOES NOT MAKE YOUR PAIR MOR BELIEVABLE. Now that that's out of my system, we can move on. Since I don't read Aragorn/OCs, I can't really give much advice on them. Boromir When he isn't a rapist, he's a love interest. Now, while its implied Boromir didn't have a girl back home and stated that he wasn't married, we can always pretend there was someone in his past. The problem arises when that someone turns up, saves his life, and has his children, preventing Faramir from being the heir and giving Aragorn the right to rule Gondor. Yeah, not so great. Good romances keep canon intact, so if Boromir is saved, there had better be a very good reason and consequences. Elrond I despise Elrond/OCs. Go read about his wife, then tell me you still want to pair him up with a twelve-year old goth from our world. Elladan/Elrohir There are two main issues with these that tend to crop up in fanfiction, so I can tackles this section pretty quickly. -Elladan and Elrohir are described as grim . They are not the Weasley twins of Arda. They spend their spare time getting revenge on the Orcs who tortured their mother. So please, do not write about them pulling pranks. -Like Arwen, they have a choice to be Mortal or Immortal. We never know what they end up choosing, but whoever they love is going to factor in. that choice cannot be ignored. Glorfindel/Erestor/Thranduil/Haldir/Orophin/Rumil/Any other relatively minor elf character The same thing that goes for canon-Sues goes here; they need to be developed fully as characters! Your Main Couple; Slash I don't really read slash, so I can't give you much advice on it. I will say this; unless you are writing mindless smut, you need to address to realities of what would happened in two men or women fell in love in the middle-ages. Hint; it would not be pretty. The Plot Chemistry between two characters in not a plot. There needs to be a story line to tie everything together. But most of the time, these stories are clichéd. The Tenth Walker Romance Trust me, hiking around with no regular baths and eight other stinky people besides you and your beau is not romantic. Authors need to remember that the quest wasn't the Bachelorette , it wasn't about will Esperanza Shadow-feather find her true love among these nine handsome companions , it was about saving the world. So romance in this situation is unlikely. The Spontaneous Love Triangle Love triangles are, in my humble opinion, not a good plot device. Especially when an OC is in the middle. But if you do chose to go with this plot point anyways, here are some tips: -Make both love interest intriguing in their own way ; give them different connection's to the protagonist, different voices and personalities. -Give them each a reason to fight for the protagonist. It's hard to believe one sexy elf falling for an innocent mortal, let alone two . So they'd better have a damned good reason. -Don't make one "safe" and one "risky". For one thing, it's obvious they'll go with the risky choice. And to clarify, "risky" means "not safe", not just a bad boy. So if a mortal must choose between an elf and another mortal, the elf is the "risky" choice -Don't have one "good" love interest and one "bad" one. A love interest who we find out halfway through has some major, never-before-mentioned flaw, its clunky writing and excuse making, a way to keep from forcing the protagonist to woman up and make a choice. The Arranged Marriage Plot Unless you're dealing with two nobles, this plot makes no sense. Elves don't have arranged marriages, ever . And most poor people could pick their own partners because they rarely had much to gain. That being said, I enjoy seeing this trope portrayed realistically . As in, the woman really has no choice and is upset about it, and the relationship develops realistically. The There-Is-No-Plot-Here plot Look, even romance needs a conflict; the plot is how they overcome it and get their happy ending. No conflict means no interest, and that is not a good thing . Sexism In Romance Just because you are a girl, it does not mean you cannot unintentionally wright misogynist fiction. Romance writers in particular tend to fall into this trap, which is ironic, as many authors accuse Tolkien of Sexism (a rant for anther time) . Here are some things you should avoid -Happiness dependent on a man. This implies that without a man, women cannot be happy. -The Man constantly saving the woman. It may seem romantic in theory, but this is like saying "women can never save themselves. They need men for that" -Possessiveness. Again, in theory its romantic, but it can come off as quite creepy. And no, being 'owned' by a man is not sexy. It is objectifying. -Having the woman be flighty and overly emotional. Enforcement of stereotypes. -Having the woman know next to nothing about sex, while the man knows all. While this is realistic , you should not play it up. It's like saying a woman's goodness lies in her purity. -Portraying other women as 'bad' to elevate your character. This pits women against each other, with one 'type' of woman coming out on top. -Having your characters entire motivation be men. This goes back to the idea that woman's world revolves around men. The Bedroom Business Unless you're writing smut, there is no need to get super detailed. But if you want to, please, please, please know what you're talking about. That's really all I can say on that. Final Section Please understand that what you write sets up a stigma for all fanfiction authors. And not always a good one. Our genre is under enough attack as it is, so try not to fuel the fire. For everyone's sake.