The time has come for me to accept myself, and to take my place. But I will need to heal first, and that will take a little while," Wolf said. "You are sure?" "It is what is right, Aragorn. The path of the Ranger is closed to me now. I must take another path. However, my sword is always at your call. I will not ever turn my back on you," she replied quietly. Aragorn gazed back at her, then nodded and took the chair near the window. The sun was shining brightly, and Aragorn closed his eyes, leaning his head back slightly. Wolf smiled slightly, then turned to Elrond, who had said nothing during the exchange. His eyes were fixed on her, and when she turned to him, he rose to his feet and bowed deeply to her. "Now, Lord Elrond, you do not bow to anyone. That is not for you. We are equals; your skills at leadership surpass mine, while my skill with a blade surpasses yours. We walk as equals, nothing more and nothing less. I have much to learn, my lord Elrond, before I can take my place," Wolf said quietly. "Take some rest. There will be time to talk of what must be done when you are healed. Sleep," Elrond said, laying a hand on her forehead and kissing her eyes. Wolf allowed her eyes to slip shut again, and soon fell into a deep, restful sleep. Elrond watched her for a few minutes, then turned to Aragorn. "You look well again. Soon, it will be time for you to be on your way. What will you do, now that Wolf has made her choice?" Elrond asked, knowing Aragorn was still awake. Aragorn opened his eyes and gazed at Elrond. "I will return to the Rangers, and lead them as I have done. Wolf will be missed, but nothing will change from what it was," he replied quietly. Elrond nodded, then they both gazed at Wolf, Aragorn with mixed feelings, and Elrond with pride and joy that she was remaining near him, and that she had finally stopped fighting her own nature and decided to take her place among the Elves. Wolf was asleep now, and unaware of them, though a small smile was on her face, as though she knew that both were there, watching over her and talking about her. Elrond then turned back to Aragorn, who was swaying on his feet. "Go back to your bed, Aragorn. I am in no shape to carry you back to it. I am not so much better off than you; I have slept little since you brought Wolf here," Elrond ordered. Aragorn got to his feet slowly and bowed, then withdrew. Elrond watched him go from the door, then turned back to look at Wolf. She was breathing deeply and steadily, and there was no sign of pain in her breath. He watched a few moments more, realized she was shivering, and so covered her with a blanket. Elrond then sat down and closed his eyes, slipping into sleep but remaining aware of what was happening around him, as only elves can. When Wolf woke up, Elrond was there, still sleeping. Wolf smiled at him fondly, then looked outside. It was dark out now, and there were stars in the sky. Wolf pulled herself into a sitting position, then gazed at the stars carefully, knowing that there was some sign she was looking for. When she saw a group of stars moving closer together in front of her eyes, she gasped, then narrowed her eyes. It was a ring, like the ring her father had left for her that she wore always on her finger. Wolf knew that it was her father telling her that he was with her, even if she couldn't see him. Wolf smiled then, and closed her eyes. "And so it will be, Father. I will take what you once gave me, and do what you wanted of me," Wolf said in her native tongue. Elrond opened his eyes when he heard Wolf talking, and frowned lightly. "I saw something in the stars," was her explanation. Elrond nodded, then stood up and walked over to her. "How do you feel?" he asked her. "Tired and sore. But other than that, not so bad. Your skills are as great as they ever were, my lord Elrond," Wolf replied, looking over at him. "And never have I used them so often on another Elf. Trouble always seems to be walking behind you, Wolf. It is good you are choosing to take up the place your father left empty for you; you will not be so badly injured, and I will not always have to wonder when the next time I must tend to your wounds will be," Elrond responded, smiling slightly at her. Wolf smiled back, then tried to sit up. She fell back and cried out, the pain excruciating. "Life is a strange thing, Elrond. It can be cold and cruel, or gentle and kind. But it cares little who deserves what until the time is right for each and every one of us to face our destinies. I despaired for so long, because I could see no reason to keep faith and remain in good spirits," Wolf said quietly. Elrond moved closer to her and kissed her forehead lightly. "It is alright to feel such things, Wolf. It shows that we still have hearts. But for now, the most important thing for you to do is rest, regain your strength. Close your eyes, and I will speak to you in our language, a simple spell to let you fall asleep without any dreams or nightmares," Elrond told her, laying a hand on her cheek, his thumb running over her temple. Wolf nodded slightly, and Elrond began speaking in Elvish, speaking the words of a spell that would ensure she could sleep without any dreams or nightmares that would disturb her.