Two massive, winding staircases spiraled up on either side of the room, leading up to the higher stories. In the center of the high ceiling hung a giant chandelier all of colossal antlers, lit with hundreds of candles. The floor was of stone tiles carved with intricate trees, a pattern of green glass separating all of the slates. Stained glass windows, also mostly of green, sparkled in the dim light. They lingered here only a moment before Legolas lead Estel to the giant double doors between the two staircases. He smiled mischievously. "Most people have to wait for hours to enter this room." He explained, leaning against the doors. "It is the heart of the palace." "Am I permitted to enter?" Estel asked with a smirk. "I think I may be able to get you inside." Legolas joked, reaching behind his back and turning the handle, opening the door soundlessly with a smile. Estel was in awe. The throne room was spectacular in construction. It appeared to be created out of the forest itself, with winding limbs and roots for stairs and railings, the ceiling aglow with glass globes, all containing a candle. In the center of the large room was a throne of antlers and winding vines. Beside it was another, smaller throne, where Legolas' mother sat during meetings and gatherings. "The throne room." Estel said, looking all around, lacing his fingers between Legolas', and making him shiver, though he could not explain why. After a few moments wandering around the room together, Estel smiled at Legolas. "What would you like to see next?" Legolas asked. Estel thought for a moment. "I would like a closer look at the king's throne." He said with a cheeky grin. Legolas narrowed his eyes. "A very bold request." He said with a smile. "I will understand if it is not a possible request to fulfill." He said, taking the Elf's hands in his own. "You forget that it is, by extension, my throne as well, Estel." He said, leading him up the short stair to the massive throne. The young man smiled, admiring the throne: it's intricate, carved vines and leaves, the tangled, yet somehow organized collection of antlers that made up the bulk of the chair. "Sit down, if you'd like." Legolas said. Estel shook his head. "I would much rather see you sit. It is your place. You are royal indeed." Legolas smiled meekly at the flattery, but sat down on the edge of the throne nonetheless, feeling out of place. He placed his hands carefully in his lap and sat, looking up into Estel's eyes. "And now what do you wish to see?" Legolas asked. Estel appeared to think again, running his hand through his dark hair. "There is one thing I have always wished to see." He said. Legolas listened intently. "I have heard rumors of a jewel that is said to reside in this palace." Legolas cocked his head. "A jewel? Do you take us for Dwarves, Estel?" Legolas smiled. "It is not any jewel a Dwarf has found." He continued, leaning closer to Legolas. "And what does this jewel look like?" the elf asked. "It is very fair indeed. White with sparkling gold. It is not especially great in size, but its worth is beyond the riches of Erebor and all the lands of this Middle Earth combined." He inched closer to Legolas until their foreheads touched, their noses brushing gently. "And where does this jewel reside?" Legolas whispered. "It is before me." Estel replied in hardly a breath, leaning over Legolas, supporting himself on the arms of the throne. He kissed the elf, lightly, cautiously at first. When Legolas did not recoil, Estel intensified, causing the young Elf to melt into the throne, pulling his legs up as Estel leaned over him. Legolas placed a hand on Estel's corded shoulder, the other tangling in the young man's silken hair. Legolas allowed himself to be overpowered, and pressed his back up against the throne as Estel finally pulled away, breathless. Legolas sat quietly, contentedly, his eyes closed and a smile on his lips. "I have never done that before." He admitted with a shy smile. "You haven't?" Estel asked, sitting next to Legolas, pulling the Elf into his lap, allowing him to lean against him. "And you have?" he asked, almost surprised. How could such a young man have done something so powerful before? Elves were very fragile when it came to matters of the heart, and Legolas could not imagine trying anything, even something as simple as a kiss, without being completely smitten with the other…Which Legolas realized he was. "Once or twice." Estel admitted with a shrug. "Twice? But how can one fall in love twice in only eighteen years? And what happened to the others who came before me?" he asked, his eyes shining in wonder and mild worry. He had never encountered a Man before, and was curious about Estel's feelings on the matter. "One does not have to be in love to enjoy another's company." He explained mildly. Legolas did not think so little of his response, and pushed up and off of the man, standing in front of him, rigid. "Not in love?" the elf repeated, feeling tears stinging behind his bright blue eyes. "No. No Legolas that isn't what I meant—" he said, standing and offering the elf his hand. Legolas only looked at him, his eyes wide, and his mouth slightly agape in an awful rush of emotion. He backed away when Estel approached him. "Not in Love." Legolas said again, a statement, no longer a question. He felt his lip quiver and turned around before Estel could see his tears. He ran from the throne room, glad he hadn't worn shoes, slamming the heavy door behind him. Estel watched the beautiful creature go, powerless to stop him, his golden hair disappearing around the door. "I'm sorry." He said to Legolas, though he knew he could not hear.