them. On the north side of the Silverlode, she embraced her grandfather, lightly running her fingers over his familiar features. "Tell them I love them, tell them I met my end in my own way, tell them I was happy." She stepped in between the two tall and stern elves, who shared her blood, and her memories. Tears traced down their identical cheeks, and she brushed them away. "I chose rightly, I know that now. As bitter as this ending is, it is my choice. Take the love I bear you across the sea. Keep me in your hearts, as I now go where you cannot." And for the last time the three embraced, each holding the other, entwined in a perfect circle of love. This was something they had done all of their years, holding each other through pain and sorrow, and through joy and celebration. Arwen turned away from them and did not look back. She could feel their eyes on her as she disappeared among the Mellyrn. She knew her destination, and she walked through the Naith to Cerin Amroth without straying from her path. Arwen had no desire to go into the city ofCaras Galadhon as of yet, she wished first to gaze upon the place where her memories were the happiest. Grief made her weak; this last great journey stripped her of what little strength she had left. She fought so hard to convince her children to let her go. She was grateful she had not had to fight against the last three who would see her alive. As she stood at the foot of the green hill, she slipped her feet from her shoes, so she could feel the grass underneath her unshod feet as she and Estel had all those long years ago. For a moment, it seemed as though a figure waited for her at the top of the mound. Her breath caught in her throat. She sprang forth gladly to meet the form garbed in silver gray, only to come to a sudden halt as it vanished into the mists of her mind. Arwen 's shoulders slumped in disappointment. Of course he was not there, he was gone from the borders of this earth. The only chance she had of seeing him again was to allow her self to fade and embrace the gift of men. She was compelled to trust blindly in her choice The days and weeks passed unmarked by Arwen. Each day she grew weaker, and the barriers between the present and the past were lifted in her mind. Once again, she walked the paths of Caras Galadhon, listening to the gentle voices of her mother, her grandmother, her grandfather and her father. Once again, she felt safe and loved, and the long years stretched before her full of possibilities. Still, occasionally, she would find herself pulled from a pleasant memory only to confront a dying and empty wood. The trees, twisted and bare, the land that only minutes before had been peopled by all those she loved, desolate and barren. But as more time passed, those brief moments of clarity faded, and Arwen dwelt in the joy and love of her youth. Her spirit burned brightly, but her body grew frail from lack of food and drink. The days grew colder, and still, she wandered in the time when her future lay before her. Twilight had fallen when she jerked from her dreams to find herself propped against the base of the gigantic Mallorn that once housed the home of her grandparents. Standing before her, clothed in gray and silver, stood a man dressed in the arraignment of a noble elf lord. His countenance and bearing reflected the heroes of old her father once spoke of in stories told in the Hall of Fire. A star blazed from his brow. He smiled down into her face. "I have been waiting, my love. I have watched and yearned for you, and now you are here." He held his hand out to her to help her rise. "Come walk with me as we did so long ago." Wordlessly, she placed her hand in his, and allowed him to lead her to that well loved knoll of grass surrounded by trees, "Do you remember this place?" he asked. "It was here I gave you my heart," she answered. "It was here I pledged myself to you for all of my life." "And it was here I promised that I would love you and treasure you for all of mine. It is a fitting place to finish what we started." "Aragorn," Arwen whispered as her knees buckled beneath her. "I never left you, my love, not really, and now the veil between us is naught but a whisper. Come to me. I am here." She allowed her self to fall back on the fragrant bed of grass, sprinkled with Niphredil and Elanor. Some portion of her mind knew that they were flowers of spring, and it was yet winter, but she dismissed the thought as Aragorn moved to lie beside her. Gentle arms pulled her to him, and he said, "It is time to rest Arwen, time to move beyond that which you have always known and accept the gift of men. It is a magnificent gift, a gift from a loving creator. All fear, all tears, all pain, all worry will be gone, and he will wipe every tear from your eye." She allowed her eyes to drift shut, but still, she could feel the comfort of his arms. Her breath slowed and then ceased altogether. At the last moment of awareness, she was flooded with joy and light, comforted by warmth and love unsurpassing. Briefly, she wondered why she had been so frightened. There was no fear here, only love. And the spirit of Arwen Undómiel slipped forever beyond the boundaries of Arda. "The undiscovered country from whose bourne no traveler returns." Hamlet, Act III, Scene 1. William Shakespeare