He asked, immediately feeling better. Frodo smiled and let out a quiet laugh. "Well, it's a true story." He said. Toby nearly bounced in his lap. "Is it the one about Uncle Bilbo and the dragon?" He asked excitedly. Frodo gave him a shrewd look. "You've already heard that one." He said. "But it's my favorite!" Toby replied. Frodo laughed again. "It's one of my favorites too, but this story is about the king, Sam, your uncles Merry and Pippin, your mother and I… and a Ring." Frodo then told him his tale, careful to leave out certain details that may frighten him too much, those he would learn when he was older. All the while Toby listened with wide wonder-filled eyes. Finally Frodo ended by raising his right hand, showing Toby the scarred stump where his ring finger used to be. Toby ran his hand across Frodo's. He had always known his father was missing a finger, but it had never concerned him, it seemed so natural to him after so long that he never had reason to question it. "So that's why you don't have as many as mom and me." He said. Frodo smiled grimly. "Yes. There are some hurts that scar, and will always be there to remind you of what happened." He explained, undoing the first few buttons of his shirt and pulling the left side down to bare the dark scar on his shoulder. Toby's brows knitted together in a frown and he reached one small hand out to lightly brush his tiny fingers down the wound with hardly any more weight than a butterfly's wing. It felt rough unlike the smooth skin surrounding it, and it was colder too unlike the constant body heat that Toby was used to. "That's a bad owie." Toby said, letting his hand fall to his side. "It was." Frodo said, pulling the side of his shirt back into place and redoing the buttons. "Sometimes it still hurts, but I am all right, and no matter what I will always be your dad who loves you very much." Frodo did not know how much of this Toby understood; at almost five the child was bright and curious, much like he and Wind had been in their early childhood. He seemed quite coherent, more so than some children he had encountered, but Frodo was unsure of how much of what he had told him made sense to him. Toby was quiet for a moment, one hand raised to his mouth and his eyes screwed up in thought. After a moment he looked up at Frodo, a wide smile upon his face. "You're the bravest dad ever!" He said. "You're like, a real live hero!" At this Frodo actually laughed, a true deep laugh from his heart. His son thought he was a hero. Of all things, he thought he was a hero. "Oh, come here." He said, scooping the child up in his arms. Toby hugged him tightly. "I love you, daddy." He said. "I love you too." Frodo replied. After a while Frodo looked around, noting how late it had gotten while he and Toby had been talking and remembering that the Gamgee's still had dinner waiting for his son. "Come on, now." Frodo said to Toby. "We'd best be getting you back to Sam for the night." Frodo said, leaning forward and allowing Toby to climb upon his back for a piggyback ride. "Aww. Do I have to?" Toby protested, holding on to Frodo as he stood up. "I thought you liked spending time with Sam." Frodo replied. "Yeah, but…" Toby trailed off as Frodo began walking back down Bag End. "It'll be all right, Toby. It's only for a couple of days and then we'll see each other again." Frodo explained, taking smooth steps so that Toby wouldn't feel as if he could fall. "Then can you tell me the story again?" Toby asked with true child-innocence. Frodo chuckled. "Of course." He replied. Soon they had both arrived back at Bag Shot Row and Frodo set Toby down on the step as the door was opened by Sam. "How did it go?" Sam asked Frodo. Frodo smiled. "Better than I had expected." He answered. Sam returned his smile. "I'm glad." He replied. "Sam!" Toby exclaimed, rushing up to him. "My dad is the best! Did you know that? He's a hero!" He said exuberantly, waving his arms to demonstrate his excitement. "I always knew that." Sam replied with a wink. He then turned back to Frodo. "I think Toby will be fine now, you take care of yourself, all right?" He said. Frodo nodded in response. "Thank you, Sam. I will." He replied. "Come on now, Toby." Sam said, leading the young hobbit inside. "Let's get some dinner in you and then I think that it may be time for bed." Toby turned as Sam lead him inside. "Good night, daddy. I love you!" He said. "I love you too, Toby. Good night." Frodo replied, gazing lovingly after his child. Frodo turned to leave once they had gone inside, heading back to Bag End feeling much lighted. "Did you settle everything?" Wind asked as Frodo stepped inside and shut the round green door behind him. "I think everything should be all right now." Frodo replied, approaching Wind as she stood in the parlor and resting his hands upon either side of her waist. Wind leaned in to kiss him, wrapping her arms about his shoulders and gently swaying with him. Frodo chuckled quietly to his self and Wind raised one eye brow in amusement. "What's so funny?" She asked. Frodo shook his head, still smiling. "It's just something Toby said. The boy has it in is head that I'm a hero." Frodo said with a little laugh. "I could have told you that." Wind said, her voice soft and lilting as she rested her head against his chest, glad that everything was right again. The End