them, the mountains sharp and white in the east, and the hills rising and falling all around. Elladan, they eventually found near the stables. Estel had been following Elrohir around the corner, coming up to the outer courtyard, when 'Ro suddenly stopped and put out his hand. "Ah," said Elrohir. "And so we have our goblin." So Estel crept up, peered around Elrohir's long legs, and saw 'Dan talking to Telthon, the man in charge of the stables. 'Ro leaned up against the wall and grinned again. "Wait until he's alone again," he said, and Estel nodded. "Would you like to do the honors or shall I?" "You can go first," whispered Estel. Looking down at his sandals, he shifted his weight onto his right foot. 'Dan and Telthon were still talking about things Estel didn't understand and didn't particularly care about. He wanted, just a little bit, for them to stay that way. When Telthon went back into the stable and Elladan went down the path between the building and the corral, Elrohir had Estel wait a few minutes before they followed their brother. Estel tried to walk quietly, which was fairly easy since the area around the corral was all unpaved. A few paces from Elladan, who had yet to look back or notice them, and Elrohir signalled again for Estel to stop. Then, Elrohir, who looked like he was having at least as much fun as Estel, sprinted the last few steps, caught Elladan from behind, and threw him to the ground. Elladan said one of the words that Estel wasn't allowed to say, and twisted as he fell so that he landed on his back. As he did, he hooked an arm around Elrohir's neck, preventing him from getting back to his feet. The two were really fighting then, 'Ro scrambling to escape from Elladan's chokehold, though it couldn't have been too bad since Elrohir was also laughing uncontrollably. Estel came close to the twins, and stopped. He wasn't sure if he wanted to join in their wrestling. The twins were a lot bigger than him, and besides, he still didn't want much to do with Elladan. Elrohir yelped and said a bad word. "Don't kill me!" he added, choking on his laughter. "Estel was in on it too!" His hand shot out. Estel tried to avoid him, but Elrohir grabbed his ankle anyway and pulled Estel, who shrieked, down on top of them both. All three of them ended up sitting in the dirt, covered in dirt. Estel had scrambled a safe distance away and sat there giggling. Elrohir was still laughing as though he would never stop, his face hidden in his hands, hair coming out of his braid. Elladan sat a few feet nearby, smiling broadly, undoing his own long dark braid, running his hands through his hair, and doing it up again. "Resurrecting our old game, I see," said 'Dan. His eyebrows shot upward. "Hm." "Well, yes," Elrohir said through his hands. "Estel and I were having a small discussion about your training methods. We agreed that you were a terrible teacher who deserved to be kicked repeatedly, and I thought we should show you better." Elladan rose. "Thinking is a dangerous and complicated ordeal which requires practice to perfect and possibly a spark of innate talent. Performed with an untrained mind, it can cause stress, fatigue, and horrible cramps the next day." He nudged Elrohir with a toe. "I never want to see you do it again. "Yes, brother, but it was worth it just to see the look on your face. 'Dan turned to Estel, looking him over with cool gray eyes, and Estel stopped giggling and hugged himself. Maybe he was still in trouble, and now he was finally going to be told off. "Well, Estel, you scared me." he said. "You and Elrohir. How long did he have you after me?" A pause, another look that Estel didn't understand. "Perhaps you can be so brave and clever as that when I'm trying to teach you swordwork?" Estel looked at his brother's boots. He had no idea now whether Elladan was still angry or not. But Elladan knelt down and messed up Estel's hair. Then he extended a hand and helped Estel up. "And perhaps we can learn from each other," he added, softly. "I'm sorry I ran away," Estel said to his sandals. "I promise I won't do it again." He thought about apologizing about wanting to be a dragon, but didn't. "Apology accepted," said Elladan. He laughed, the best sound Estel had heard all day. They all continued up the path, past the stables, across the courtyard, back to the main house. As they walked, Estel ran ahead, and the twins dropped back. They talked together in Quenya, which Estel didn't understand, and which people used whenever they wanted to talk about things they didn't want Estel to hear. He bounded up the steps to the entrance and stood there, waiting for the twins, wondering what they were saying to each other. Elladan looked up, and told Estel (in Sindarin) to run ahead and see if dinner was ready, as it was getting close to time. So Estel skipped ahead, mysterious conversations forgotten. It was a glorious day, Estel's brothers were happy with him, and he had food waiting. All was right with the world. To be continued. Adar, Ada: Sindarin for father. 'Ada' is more informal, it pretty much means 'Dad'. Dan, Ro: I realize that elves typically don't shorten their names. These here are stupid nicknames that Small Estel made up for his brothers and which they tolerate for a while. "First Lessons" is part one of a series of three onsets focusing on Aragorn/Estel's education and training. As the fic progresses, Estel will age and the tone and content will become increasingly more mature. There will be nothing too extreme, but part three will deserve its T rating. Part two will be up presently.