hide his expression. "Er," he said, "It's been very kind of you to feed me, good Sirs – and I shall not abuse your hospitality any longer. You certainly crave, er, some fun, and an old man's company would be a burden, no doubt." He groped for the back of the bench for support to rise to his feet; to his relief, the man between him and the way out started to move away as well. "You carry a heavy burden," said the dreamy voice all of a sudden. "Whom have you lost to fire to fear it so?" "No-one that would be your business… Sir." Benn spat out the last word with the strength given by unnumbered years of bearing condescending speeches and pats on the hand, and the anger from a thousand hollow condolences. "Excuse me," he added, raising his voice in hope of attracting attention from the crowd, when he bumped into the man sitting beside him. "Sit down, Elladan." The scarred-handed stranger's soft voice suddenly rang of steel. Then: "Have you forgotten them, then? Have you disowned them of your memories?" Benn gaped at the space where the stranger sat; the stab of pain in his guts had rendered him speechless. No, he had been wrong. There were worse ways of inflicting pain to an old man than hitting him. Only what kind of men enjoyed torturing one so? A tear trickled down Benn's cheek and he wiped it away hastily. Though his blind eyes now only saw what was inside his head, it seemed that they could still cry over those memories. "Maglor…" Legolas' voice was hushed yet filled with an unspoken threat. "I will not have him walk blind to his past any longer. I would know that it is to do a man no service than to allow him to indulge in self-inflicted isolation. Too long has he dwelt in shadows, and there is not one at this table who does not know how lonely it is out there." Legolas fell silent and for one instant, the room seemed only filled with the crackling of the fireplace. Benn could almost feel the heat radiating from the flames as they licked the logs; then logs became beams and windowsills. Images of a burning cottage flashed through his mind, a flailing arm disappearing in the smoke that poured out the windows. Effie! Effie was inside, he had to get in! Oh how did it all happen, he had been gone for but an hour! "Effie!" he cried. "My daughter… She is inside, she is burning!" A strong hand landed on his arm. Benn could feel the scars though his tunic. "She is gone. She is well. No pain can reach her now. Is she with her mother?" He nodded numbly. "Then all is well. They are waiting for you." Benn dug his fingers into the one called Maglor's arm, pulling him closer across the table. Long-repressed words spilled from his lips: "I had been gone but an hour! She had misplaced her doll playing with the other children in the streets… I went to look for it because it was Yule, see, and she missed her doll, and everyone must be happy on Yule…" His voice dropped to a hoarse whisper. "I had kissed Ellen and left them alone… The neighbours said it must have been a knocked-over candle that set fire to the straw on the floor… She was so overexcited for her presents…" Again, those dreadful scenes flooded his mind: the charred bodies, one so small and looking even tinier, curled up on itself… "She must have been very sweet, her eyes filled with anticipation," said Maglor. "She did… She was…" Benn smiled, suddenly remembering the laughter-filled pleas to reveal the presents before their time. It had been such a beautiful day, with Effie playing around in the snow and building her very first snowman… Benn let go of the man's sleeve and leaned back against the wall. He felt hollow, drained of all energy and, surprisingly, a deal of his pain. "But an hour…" he whispered, leaning his head on the table. "Just a candle…" He was tired of the loneliness and the suffering, so tired… "It was not your fault," one of the two quieter men whispered. "You could not have saved them." "You will see them again." Many people had repeated him those words over the years. So perhaps it was the ale – Benn hadn't had any for so long, scared to become one of those sad drunks that sometimes turned up at the shelter - or perhaps it was the understanding, the experience even in the strangers' voices. For one night, Benn allowed himself to believe it. A note rang out, pure and soft, and yet somehow drowning out the noise of the tavern. It gave birth to a delicate melody that spoke to his heart, tearing it open and letting the poison trickle out. He saw Ellen. She was smiling and holding Effie, who was playfully struggling to break free from her mother's loving embrace and run into his arms. There was his daughter, racing towards him, her small legs a whirlwind in her hurry to kiss her daddy. There she was, huddled against him, her sweet smell so familiar and heartbreakingly dear as he buried his nose into her soft hair. "Effie… How I missed you." "Remember them so," whispered Maglor. "Filled with life and love for you, and in their brightest moments. They deserve it more than the darkness of their passing." Benn's heart gave a funny lurch in his chest, painful and brief. His eyelids felt heavy and he closed his eyes. "Ellen, I am coming," he breathed out. He smiled in his rest. Everyone must be happy on Yule's Eve. A.N.: the song sung by Benn was borrowed from a website featuring yule songs, and does not belong to me. The story was inspired by "The Little Match Girl" by H. C. Andersen.