those with a bad head injury. "I don't know what's wrong." He stepped forward, keeping low behind her back. The she-wolfs ears were almost flat to her ruff; her head was thrown so far back. Elrond placed a hand on her heaving flanks, trying to get a feel for what was going on. " Cover me," Elrond nearly leaped out of his skin, he was so startled. " It's just the change, I'm fine, but in less than an hour, I will be in quite a compromising state. Please, cover me." She was pleading, at the end. Elrond looked at Glorfindel in amazement, and terror. The golden haired warrior was already holding a heavy crochet blanket. He threw it over her body, and all they all breathed a sigh of relief that it was large enough to cover the ground around her. With one last shiver and a deep sigh, she lay still. Elrond gently placed a hand under her muzzle and the other under her ear and moved her head to a more natural angle from her shoulders. Her fur was so soft, like glistening black down. She was still warm, but no longer feverish. Her alert eyes were soft with gratitude. " Thank you… " she said, softly, as her eyelids fluttered sleepily. Elrond and Glorfindel both smiled faintly, but both flinched as a loud crack sounded from under the blanket. The she-wolf cried quietly, but said " I'm fine. It hurts, but I'm fine. " Both men figured that she would know best, so they trusted her words. What she said was true; fifty three minutes later, her shape wan almost elf-like. Both males winced in shared pain when they heard her spine crackling, and then with a final shudder of relief, she lay still. She didn't appear to have completed the change, though. Her skin was as black as her under-fur had been, and her hands had only three fingers and a thumb. She had four toes, too, and her heels clearly functioned the same way a wolf's did. She panted for a moment, her exposed fangs half as long as they were, but still jagged like a bread knife, then rolled on to her side and curled into a ball, pulling the blanket tight around her. Tears the colour of liquid gold rolled over her sharp cheekbones and fell to the floor. She lay like that for a long time. Dawn was seven hours from arriving when she sighed in mild annoyance and flicked the blanket off her shoulders. She sat up, sitting cross legged on the ground, and pulled the heavy material around her like a shawl, leaving her arms free. She reached behind her neck and pulled her hair free. It glistened metallic silver in the light of the fire, and was very long. She dropped her hands back to her lap, and Glorfindel and Elrond could see them shaking. She rested with her head bowed for a moment, then made the move she had intended from the beginning. She lifted her long, four jointed fingers towards her ears, which were hidden by her heavy tresses, and freed them of her glinting, metallic silver hair. If it was possible, the two males looked even more surprised. Her ears were nearly two feet long, curving gently to rest near her lower back. Neither of them had ever seen the likes of this creature, and they could only be described as 'flabbergasted'. "Elrond," Glorfindel's voice quivered. "I'm going to bed now. Good night." He stood and walked shakily off through the side door, leaving it open. "Wimp." Elrond called softly after his retreating form. He looked back at the… thing, and decided on the most important questions to ask right now, before he, too, fled to his rooms. "What manor of creature are you?" he asked, his voice faint with emotions he had not felt in many years. "Werewolf," she whispered through her fangs. Her voice held a strangely beautiful accent. "You called me so yourself." Elrond frowned, furrowing his brow. "But right now, I am a NightSong Elf." "What should I call you?" he didn't ask her name, because some races had names that spanned many generations. "You needn't worry, Lord Elrond. Our names are short enough for your comfort. I am named ShadowSong in your language. Raksha in mine. Call me by either." Right. She was a mind reader. And, though she spoke clearly, she was overly exhausted. One last question. "The change, did it pull any of the sutures? I'm aware that the bandages are off, but I need to know if there are any open wounds before I leave." He had seen the way her bones had bulged and shifted under the blanket, and couldn't imagine the tiny threads holding through. "I'm fine. Could I maybe have another blanket, though? Before you leave?" her gold streaked face was hollow looking, and she swayed slightly where she sat. Elrond quickly found another heavy blanket and unfolded it partially, then laid it on the ground. He gestured with his hand for her to lie there, and then walked slowly to the closet room. He found a large woolen blanket and brought it with him back to the comparatively dark recovery room. Raksha was on the blanket, curled on her side with her head between her legs. She breathed softly and evenly, but when he entered, her ears twitched and she bent her neck to look at him. Elrond held the blanket out to her, and she quickly had it spread over herself. He turned and left, then, making his way through the white stone halls and archways that made up most of Rivendell. The night was warm, and he was tired. He would have one of the women find something for Raksha to wear, then go to sleep. I apologies for any broken paragraphs; I tried to fix them, but it may or may not have worked. please, do review. I need feed-back!