call for you." Theodred waited patiently for his father. He was angry at being treated like a child, but would not dare go against his father's instruction. He had learned the folly of that action long ago. He had heard Eowyn's and Eomer's punishment and felt responsible for the harshness of it. If he had done what he knew to be right, only Eowyn would have be punished and it would not have been as severe. He had allowed himself to be taken in by Eowyn's pleading eyes and innocence. He vowed to never let that happen again. He heard his father's footsteps outside his door and stood. Theoden entered the room and stood before his son. "I have thought on our discussion and on your part in all that has happened. Your behavior today was that of a child and therefore you will be treated as such." He pulled his belt off and waited. "Father! You cannot be serious!" Theodred yelled in shock. "I am a man!" "A man would not try to deceive his father and King. A man would not have bowed to a pleading child." Theoden replied. "A man would accept punishment when it is due." Theodred dropped his head. His father was right, and he knew it. "Would you at least allow me the dignity of keeping my trousers on?" Theoden nodded. "It will not make much difference." That statement caused a shiver of fear to run up his spine. He slowly bent over the edge of the bed and grabbed hold of the bedcover. Theoden was true to his word. The belt rose and fell too many times for Theodred to count, not that he could have anyway. The pain was so intense he could not stay quiet. His cries grew louder with each lash until finally it was over. He collapsed onto the bed, exhausted. Theoden put his belt back on, then went to his son. He slid onto the bed, pulled Theodred's head onto his lap, and started rubbing his back. "I am sorry I had to do that at your age Theodred, but it was necessary. You will be King when I am gone and will have to make decisions that are in the best interest of the people. You will need to stand firm in those decisions regardless of the impassioned pleas that will come your way." It took Theodred a few moments to calm enough to speak. "I know Father. I make a vow here and now that this will never happen again. I will remember that I am Eowyn and Eomer's elder and will not allow them to sway my decisions." "That is good to hear. I do not wish to do this again, but I will if necessary." He kissed his son's cheek and stood. "You are to stay here until I call for you." Theoden quickly made for the study and found Halthred waiting, glass of ale in hand. "Thank you my friend." He took the glass and sank into the sofa, completely exhausted. "That was the hardest thing I have ever done." "I know it is never easy for you to punish them, but sometimes there is no other way. Come tell me all that they have done." Halthred said as he joined Theoden on the sofa. Theoden told Halthred all that had occurred, leaving nothing out. "I cannot believe I had to punish Theodred in that manner at his age, but he left me no other choice." Halthred laid a comforting hand on the King's shoulder. "He is just becoming a man and will make mistakes. I recall two other young men around the same age that were in a similar situation." He added with a smirk. Theoden could not help but smile. "Ah, I remember that well, though we were a bit older than Theodred. My father was most thorough." "Yes, he was. We have never made the same mistake again, though, have we?" Theoden looked up at his friend, the meaning of his words clear. "You are a good friend Halthred." He drained his glass and set it on the side table. "Would you mind fetching the children? I will have some food brought here for them so we may converse in quiet." "As you wish." Theoden watched his children enter the study, their shoulders slumped and gait pained. It did nothing to help his conscience. He pushed aside his feelings, knowing it would not do any good to dwell on them, and called them to him. "I have had some food delivered since you did not have a chance to eat. Please, take some food and find a comfortable seat, I have some things to discuss with you." He waited until they were situated before speaking. "I would put all that happened behind us. All of you have been punished and I do not expect to see a repeat." He sipped his ale to give the children a chance to digest his words. "Eowyn and I have discussed her training again, and I have decided to allow it under strict guidelines." Theodred looked up in surprise. "Really?" He had never known his father to change his mind once it was set. "As surprising as it seems, yes, I have. Eowyn will be allowed to train under yours and my tutelage, only. She will also never touch a weapon without our supervision. If she deviates from either of these rules, she will be punished and the training will stop." "What about me Uncle? May I show her as well?" Eomer asked. "No. You are too young and inexperienced." "But..." "No Eomer. If I find you have been instructing her, you will be punished as well. Am I understood?" Eomer dropped his head. It was not fair, but he would not argue in his current condition. "Yes sir." "Good. Now, since you have all finished your meal, it is time to retire. It has been a long day and we are all tired."