have perished in the battle. They all mournfully buried them with each couple holding hands as they descended into the earth. Many laments were sung that night and all Haldir could do was to feel guilt for the lost ones. Calithilwen was the only one to coax him to smile or even feel better. It took much to just get him even out of the flet. ….. More days have passed since the burial of their kin and Haldir was his usual self but now just a little grimmer and wise. The two stayed at the borders until Galadriel came nearly sprinting to them to tell them the good news. "THE RING HAS BEEN DESTROYED! SAURON IS DEFEATED!" The Lady of the Woods cried out with glee. The wardens immediately relaxed and cheered and hugged one another. Haldir dropped his bow and picked Calithilwen up and swung her around in joy. They all laughed musically but soon had to get back to positions when the Lady said that some orcs have escaped death. …. A week has gone by since the news when Galadriel invited Haldir and Calithilwen to accompany her and Celeborn to Minas Tirith. The two happily agreed and were to leave at noon. Calithilwen and Haldir wore their warden uniform but also brought their best clothing to represent Lothlorien's kin. As Calithilwen knew that the Lady was going to wear white, she was going to wear a soft golden flowing sleeved dress with the torso having a sweetheart neckline. There was the symbol of her people sprawled upon her torso with silver stitching. Haldir chose also his best gold tunic and white leggings. He had brown leather boots that he only wore for special occasions that went up to his knee. As promised, the four plus Haldir's brothers, who were going to wear silver, set off on their horses at noon. It was going to be a week's journey if they were to stop as minimum as possible. They were also going to merge with the party of both Greenwood and Imladris. They soon met with Elrond, Erestor, Glorfindel, Thranduil, surprisingly Arwen, and more who she did not know. They were soon at the realm of Gondor and set to change into their special outfits. Haldir skillfully braided Calithilwen's hair into 3 braids which were pulled back and were a four or five strand braid and they were all braided into one. There were also two on both sides of her head right above her ears. She placed the circlet on her brow that showed her royalty and status. Haldir dressed and Calithilwen carefully and tightly braided his hair into the traditional way of the elven warriors. They entered the White City which was empty since they were on the top level waiting for the King's coronation. They quietly climbed up and all of the men and women gasped and parted way to let the divine beings to be closer. They arrived just when Aragorn was singing the oath of the Kings. Aragorn saw them and headed towards them with broad smiles. Legolas, who joined them when they arrived, clasped forearms with him but pointed his head towards the part. Haldir pulled Calithilwen to him so Aragorn could get to the bearer of the flag of Rivendell/Imladris. He gasped when he saw who carried it and immediately dove in to kiss her. Calithilwen broke into gleeful laughter at this and Haldir just chuckled and kissed his love's temple. ….. They stayed at the White City for about a month for the wedding of Arwen and Aragorn. Calithilwen sighed in happiness at seeing the beautiful couple basking in their love. Haldir just kissed her brow but then pulled her in to dance. …. They left and split to go back to their realms. Haldir and Calithilwen stayed at the borders were they were attacked by small groups of orcs and Uruk-hai. And before they knew it, 4 years have passed since the destruction of the ring. The couple was not yet blessed with an elfing no matter how hard they tried to conceive. This lead Calithilwen to despair and Haldir could hear her mourning and asked if they could sail. Galadriel smiled sadly but said she too was going to sail soon so they could come with her. The two began to pack their things away and only took their bows and clothing. The four met with Elrond who was going to leave Imladris to his sons until they too wished to sail. They went back to the Grey Havens which was her homeland. Calithilwen burst into tears at seeing her city falling to ruin and only Cirdan being left. "My city, my home!" Calithilwen cried out and hugged Cirdan. "Where is everyone, Cirdan?" She asked heartbrokenly. "All have sailed except me. I shall stay behind to be the passageway for all elves to sail. When there are no more of our kin left, I shall sail on the last ship. I vow to be the last elf to leave Middle Earth as I was one of the first to be on it." Cirdan explained wisely as he tried to calm down the princess of Lindon. "Aye, that sounds like you. I will be with mother and father. They will miss you." Calithilwen said and kissed each of his cheeks then his forehead in a farewell. "Namarie." She breathed out and started to board the ship and smelt the air for the first time in many, many years. So this is the pull of the Sea. Yes, I hear you call, Ulmo. Haldir wrapped his arms around his now smiling wife. The two turned when they heard more footsteps and saw five hobbits and Gandalf. After exchanging words, Bilbo boarded the ship along with the Lord, Lady, and Elrond. They went below deck to leave the other hobbits to say goodbye to the former Ring bearer. Finally Frodo and Gandalf boarded the ship and soon it set sail.