caught his newly breathing lungs. He spluttered and shook his head...more sensations...it was beginning to feel overwhelming, but he had to focus, he had a purpose, the music reminded him. "Gl-glor-f-f-fin-d-dell," he stammered, pleased that his tongue and lips felt freer. He blinked between the three companions, the third - another male - who stared back in vague recognition. Glorfindel breathed in deeply again, finding his new voice stronger; "M-my n-ame is Glorfindel." "Of Gondolin?" The third elf - with the dark features that reminded him of the Noldor - asked in shock. "N-not any...anym-more," Glorfindel heaved a sigh, the Creator had told him to forget his old name, to let it die in the past, henceforth he was only Glorfindel. He patted his chest, feeling his new heart thump quietly under the surface of his new coverings; "I-I am only a servant...w-where is the Master of the tides...where is the k-keeper of the ha-havens?" The three companions stared in bewilderment, before the elleth glanced to the ellon who knew the name of Glorfindel. The two shared a long and meaningful look, which Glorfindel ascertained as questioning his sanity - he gave a soft laugh - yes, his sanity was questionable. "Lord Cirdan has been expecting a sign," the third ellon spoke slowly, his eyes sweeping over the golden haired elf being before him. The ellon considered that this one was not just elf, his fea burned with a fierce new light, and his eyes...his eyes seemed deep and wise...like the spirit within was as old as the world itself yet as young and fresh as spring. If this was not a sign, he did not know what was. "L-Lord Cirdan, has been ex-expecting me," Glorfindel smiled encouragingly, holding his hand out for the ellon; "I-I...my legs...I do not t-trust this new skin...it f-fails me. M-may I beg your assis-ass-ta-" "Assistance! Yes, yes of course my lord," the elleth sprang in, carefully ensuring the cape was secured and she had a supporting hand to his shoulder and arm. "L-like a ch-ild," Glorfindel gave a chuckle and shook his head, pointing vaguely towards his lips then pressing a hand to the elleth's arm; "I...it...um...w-words will g-get bet-ter...n-need p-p-p…something." "Practice? Yes, practice will help," the elleth smiled and Glorfindel laughed heartily, he really did sound ridiculous but there was little need in worrying or getting upset. This body was new and strange, even bodily functions seemed bizarre and confusing - he would have much to reacquaint himself with but at least he had time. "Can you walk?" The second elf asked, and Glorfindel pursed his lips in consideration for a moment, before a slow but deliberate smirk spread across his lips. "N-not l-likely," he said then gave a little shrug, "b-but may-maybe I c-can...eh..." He swayed a little to show his meaning, "wh-what is the w-word...St...stagger! Maybe I could stagger...l-like a Dr-drunk...that would be amu-amusing f-for Cirdan." "You are surprisingly positive for one so restricted," the third elf chuckled as he assisted the elleth to help Glorfindel to his feet. "Alive!" Glorfindel cried with purposeful delight, making the three companions start, which in turned made Glorfindel laugh all the more; "I am alive...th-there is much t-to be joyful for...come m-my new f-friends...I h-have much to learn." Estel watched the elf before him with concern mingled with bemusement...he had not expected his question to be so taxing? He was also abruptly worried that Glorfindel had fallen asleep, because it was very hard to tell with elves, and the child debated poking him a few times just to be sure. Leaning forward, the boy curiously attempted to lock eyes with the elf's seemingly vacant ones, giving a little cough in an attempt to gain his host's attention. Glorfindel blinked and twisted his head to the small person beside him. Smiling, he pondered Estel. The boy was small but sturdy, dark curly hair framing a handsome young face, and startling eyes that were not often seen in his mortal kin. Hope they called him, and he was quite little to embody all the hope of men, but somehow the little fellow did indeed bring him hope. Turning his head out to the horizon, Glorfindel sighed and answered the child's burning question. "I do not fear death, but I also fear life," he said plainly, and they boy pulled a face in confusion - that was not the answer he expected. Glorfindel laughed and placed a gentle hand on his small shoulders. "There are things to fear in both, but wonderment also. Death is just another passage of time, just as life is, they are a balance and one does not exist without the other. We all must face the hardships of life, and we all must face the loneliness of death, but do you know what we have to combat those fears?" Glorfindel asked Estel with the hint of a wise old smile on the corners of his lips. The boy shook his head, and Glorfindel placed a finger under his chin tilting his gaze to meet the elf's own. The elf's eyes swam with a depth the child had not seen before, and he was transfixed, awaiting the answer that would steal his fear away. What weapon could he use to defeat all his fears? The elf's eyes crinkled at their corners, amusement evident in his features, but when he spoke his voice was kind and full of wisdom. So much so that the child believed it. "Hope," he said, "fear cannot live in the heart that has hope. A/N: I won! I got third place...it was the coolest thing ever. I would never ever believed I would be entering Teitho challenges let alone placing in them this time two years ago. So eeeeeep, thank you to all my readers who give me so much love and confidence. And for my TLA Glorfindel lovers...this is for you guys. As always please R&R...I would;t mind feedback on your thoughts on this controversial reincarnation Glorfindel trope.