experience of it all. I suddenly feel like I need to take matters into my own hands, and so I stalk over to this stranger; "Listen I think maybe you should go with these guys," I say as calmly as I can, "They can help you, get you some medical care." The man's eyes snap up to mine and he visibly jerks away from me; "I have no need of a healer," he answers me in a strange almost British accent, but not quite, it is accented and strange definitely foreign. "Well do you have any family I can contact for you? A home address we could take you too? A Name?" I try again, deciding to let the term, 'healer,' go, he is very strange. Surely he could be detained under some sort of mental health law? He watches me warily for a moment and then there is a sudden rush of emotion in his eyes, his face contorts with anguish and drops his head into his hands. "I do not know? My brother I was travelling with my brother?" "Okay good, where is your brother?" I am getting very concerned now; he does genuinely appear very upset. "With me, he is always with me!" He lifts his gaze and it is haunted, frantic even. "Oh my god! Is he in the water too?" I cry and spin to look for someone to inform the coastguard. "No he was safe, he was on the boat, he never left the boat!" The dark haired man pulls the blankets tighter around him, almost like he is trying to disappear into them and then looks at me with pleading eyes; "I am not dangerous, I mean you no harm, please will you give me shelter until I am strong enough to search for my little brother." "Dude…I…um…I don't even know you," I say in a deflated voice, because for some insane and unknown reason to me I want to help him. "My name is Elladan, I am of noble birth I can reward you handsomely for your trouble," his voice is serious and his eyes full of sincerity, I completely believe him. "Okay you can stay the night, and then tomorrow we'll get you some clothes and see if we can locate your brother." What am I saying? I can't bring some random guy into my home; he could be a murderer or a rapist, or both! "Thank you, may the Valar bless you and your kindness," Elladan cries and outstretches both his hands to take one of mine. His hands are large and strong, yet soft and warm. His touch brings with it the most peculiar of sensations; I can only describe it as peace and tranquillity. I meet his glittering gaze for a moment and I know without a shadow of a doubt I can trust him completely. I pull away from him and nod robotically, then stagger over to the paramedics and inform them that I'll look after him. This is met with some concerned questions about my welfare, and understandably so, but I tell them I have a guy roommate and we'll be fine. This might be a slight stretch of the truth, I don't have a roommate, but I do have a guy, and a dog. So I instantly pick up the phone and hit Ryan's number; "Lee!" He shouts when he answers on the first ring. "Geez Ryan do you live on your phone?" "Shut up! Is everything okay, I'm at your house but you're not in! I brought beer for the trauma, I didn't know what else to do!" he rambles and I am touched by his awesomeness, he is the bestest best friend anyone could ask for. "Ryan don't freak out," I mutter and bite my lip. "Levi what did you do?" his voice suddenly accusing. "Well the guy on the beach he is alright, but he needs somewhere to crash for the night, he was travelling with his brother and obviously he has no way of contacting him and-" "No Lee! No this is a bad idea!" Ryan cuts me off, "You don't just bring home stray people, Jazz was one thing, but not people Lee." "Elladan is very plausible and he needs our help, we can't just leave him here, he has no money or clothes." I try my best to reason the completely illogical suggestion. "Elladan?" Ryan stops me again, "What? Was his parent's Tolkien enthusiasts? Let me guess his brother is Elrohir?" "Well not that I asked and your nerdy reference baffles me!" I snipe; this is not the time for his geeky sarcasm to come out. "And this is why you should read books Lee, not just watch the movies!" He grumbles and I sigh loudly in annoyance. "Can we have at least one serious conversation that does not revolve around the Lord of the Rings; Ryan there is a guy who needs our help!" I do my best quiet shouting voice. "Correction there is a nut job who wants to take advantage of us," he corrects and I can almost see him face palming himself. "Look I know you think I am mad, but he genuinely needs help and we are genuinely good people, I mean come on, what would Captain America do?" I attempt my best pleading voice. "That is not fair!" He yelps down the line; "Don't use Marvel morals against me!" I stay silent for a while longer and then hear his heavy sigh; "Okay I'll stay the night, but I am sleeping with my eyes open, with a shotgun and Jazz has to patrol!" "I owe you big!" I cheer with relief. "If we die I want you to know that I hate your apple pie!" "You're a liar!" "I know! I hate you!" A/N I just had to write this chapter, if you like it please review and leave some feedback. It is just for fun and I just felt inspired. Thanks Wunderkind