he really must love her... Elrond sighed, bowing to the inevitable. He cleared his throat and the two broke apart. But Arwen looked happier than Elrond had ever seen her, and there was a light in Estel's eyes that made him feel vaguely ashamed for trying to prevent their romance. ...Still, just because he might have to give up his daughter's heart did not mean he would have to give up all enjoyment in the evening... sometimes, as he knew to his cost, the dyes used for the stronger hues in Arwen's yarns could cause skin irritations and while this was not a problem for Elvenkind, who could disregard such matters with no ill-effects, his own human heritage meant that close contact between his skin and Arwen's crochet was not a good idea... And he did wonder whether Estel would have similar sensitivities... 'If you two have quite finished, I think they are waiting to serve the dinner,' he said. The hall relaxed and everyone hurried to their places, relieved that Elrond had not flown into one of his rages. Perhaps it was only Erestor who noticed the glint in his lord's eye, and put himself on heightened alert throughout the meal. But it seemed that Elrond was trying to be on his best behaviour. He engaged both Arwen and Aragorn in conversation on general topics and was genial and benign. Even so, Erestor noted that Estel began shifting uneasily in his seat, as if anxious... no, that was not it... then what...? 'Arwen, my dear, why do you not tell us all about the wonderful garment you have made for Estel? He might like to know where you got the idea from.' 'For the kilt, Father? Well, you have seen Lord Glorfindel's, of course...' 'Of course,' Estel assented, wriggling slightly as the itch started to burn and wishing he had not followed all Glorfindel's advice on what else should, or should not, be worn with a kilt... 'It is Silvan in origin; the elves of Mirkwood wear them, at times. Especially for traditional displays... I was once fortunate enough to see King Thranduil's bodyguards dressed in their ceremonial kilts, it was a sight I have never forgotten...' 'If I recall aright, my dear,' Elrond said, 'did not they wear leggings beneath the kilts?' 'Oh, that is right...! I forget why, now...' Erestor, who had also been present at the time, remembered why; it had simply been because there were ladies present... but before he could say something to that effect, Elrond had jumped back in to the conversation. 'Perhaps for the cooler weather, I assume,' he said, even though he knew that elves were not prey to the cold as he, with his mixed ancestry, was; he assumed Arwen, too, would not query the matter. 'In fact, perhaps... I do not know, is it possible to crochet leggings to go with this wonderful kilt, for the colder weather...?' 'That would be far too kind.' Estel said hastily. 'Besides, such a wonderful gift as this, it must surely be kept only for the most special of occasions...' 'Oh... it sounded like such a good idea!' Arwen said. 'I have never made leggings in crochet before; it would have been quite a challenge...' 'Then perhaps you could make some for your father,' Estel said through politely-gritted teeth. Elrond heard muted giggles from his other side where his sons were trying to contain their laughter at the mental image this produced. 'Or for your brothers,' he said. 'Oh, I would love to,' Arwen said. 'Well, if you let me know what colours you would like, I will see what I can do.' The meal ended and Estel got to his feet with a sigh of relief and followed Elrond and Arwen through to the Hall of Fire; standing reduced contact with the scratchy wool and relieved the itch a little, although he felt rather delicate still. Presently, Elrond left the Hall, returning a few minutes later and heading casually over to where Aragorn was trying to look insouciant as he stood leaning just his shoulders against one of the pillars. 'I have something for you, Estel. Hold out your hand.' Estel closed his hand around a small ceramic pot. 'Thank you... what is it?' 'Salve. I saw you fidgeting all through dinner; it is a guess, but somewhere in your garment there is a bright blue yarn...?' 'The lining...' Elrond nodded. 'There is something in the dyes... you will be more comfortable by morning. And I have been thinking about what I said earlier. That I could not see the love in your eyes for my daughter. Well, I saw it tonight, Estel. And so, I will give you something else as well; my blessing, if you succeed with all you must do.' 'My lord?' Elrond gave a smile that almost broke his heart. 'I may not dance at my daughter's wedding, Estel, but I will be there to witness it. Now, if you will excuse me, I must go and tell my daughter to make matching pairs of leggings for my sons. In bright blue, I think...' Arwen came over. 'You look suddenly much happier, Estel. What did my father say?' Estel smiled. 'Basically, he said yes. Oh there is the matter of first defeating the long shadow, driving back evil, reuniting the kingdoms of Arnor and Gondor but at the moment, I feel I could do anything!' Arwen sighed happily. 'Yes, that is the thing about a kilt. It is such a brave thing to wear it cannot help but give one confidence... when shall it be, do think? I rather like the idea of a summer wedding...' 'A summer wedding would be delightful,' Estel said. 'But perhaps not this year.' Arwen nodded and cuddled in. After all, she was mostly an elf; she wasn't as patient, perhaps, as she should be but... still, she could wait. And besides, it would give her time to crochet wedding garments. Matching ones...