explain something of Boromir's situation. But I must confess, I would find it hard to do at the moment. Well, he will come back when he is hungry, no doubt.' We were talking about settling for the night when the elf who had overseen the apology earlier came to us. 'Your pardon,' he said with a bow. 'But I think you are missing a companion?' 'Indeed we are,' Aragorn replied. 'Well, he is found. Perhaps you will come and see?' Of course, we all went to see. He led us into the quieter, darker areas of the forest, not far from the latrines, explaining as we went. 'You, Legolas, will know many matters concerning spiders and woodlands. We have our own species here, much smaller than those of Mirkwood, of course, their bodies hardly larger than the eye of a daisy… but it is the time of year when these spiders form colonies for the winter, and they weave their webs together, making them stronger than usual. They are known for stringing these webs across pathways and open spaces to capture the ground insects that come out in the cooler weather.' We began to hear voices now, the insulting elves and Boromir, from the direction of the latrines, and arrived to find the aftermath of an incident… It appeared that our Man of Gondor had been on his way for a comfort break when he had fallen foul of one of the webs and land in one of the more unsavoury areas, stunning himself in the process. Then, while he lay unconscious in the mire, the colony of spiders had come to wrap their apparent pray in more webs, his head and hair coming in for particular attention. Waking with a headache in such noxious circumstances, Boromir had called for aid and the elves had hastened to his side. Now they were attempting to raise him and becoming increasingly besplattered themselves in the process. I had to admit it gave me the most wonderful sense of justice. 'As well as the Man's friends, I have brought hithlain,' the elf with us said, casting out a rope. 'I suggest once you are free, that you all visit the cascade and wash.' He turned back towards us again. 'I do hope your Man does not place any ritual or spiritual significance to his hair, for it will be nigh impossible to completely wash out the webs, and then, considering where he fell, also…' 'Oh, I do not think so,' I said as with a sucking plop Boromir was hauled free and stood, dripping and sticky and glowering… and listening. 'He is certainly quite cavalier concerning the hair of other races.' Gimli and I watched in satisfaction as the elves led Boromir away towards the cascade. My companion laughed quietly to himself, and I tried not to smirk; it was undignified, unbefitting to an elf. But that did not stop me from a certain gentle enjoyment. When Boromir was returned to our camp, much cleaner and with rather shorter hair, Gimli and I were surprised when he came over and sat near our couches. 'So I suppose you're happy now?' he said. 'No,' I said. 'Yes,' Gimli replied, possibly with more honesty. 'I do not know how it is with dwarves,' I said, 'or with men. But to an elf, our hair is connected with our identity. Our braids can tell our marital status, our warrior achievements, which company we fight in, our family allegiance, our stage of life. To cut the hair is tantamount to saying that we do not recognise our history, our sense of self. Even to lose a few strands to be free of a braid made in jest would have damaged my self-respect.. I know it was done in innocence, however, and so I bear no grudge.' 'And with dwarves, it is similar,' Gimli said. 'Since elves do not have beards, and men seem unable to achieve proper ones, we don't expect understanding from less-blessed races. But back home, mess with my beard and I'll have your hand off, if not your arm. Or your head.' 'I can see we have much to learn from each other,' Aragorn said, coming to stand near us. 'And, hearing this, it is to be hoped you bear no ill-will to whomever performed this prank?' I shrugged. 'How could they know, unless they were an elf, or a dwarf?' 'What the elf said,' Gimli growled. 'But… they know now. And I know they know now so if anything else happens…' It didn't of course. And for all the long road that lay ahead of us, Gimli and I were barely parted, except in the heat of battle. At Helm's Deep, there we had our first battle contest, and I was glad to cede Gimli the victory… and, since I won the drinking contest, it was fair enough. So there we were, at the point of battle again, perhaps the last one, who could say? And I was daydreaming, wool-gathering... no. No, spending my last moments before the fray with memory and contemplation, ever my friends and companions of old. Many days had passed since Boromir was alive, and taunting me and Gimli about our braid, and almost as many since Gandalf returned to us. And so we stood on a hill, at the end of all things, and I thought of beginnings. At my side the dwarf muttered something. 'Never thought I'd die fighting side by side with an elf…' In spite of the tension of the moment, I smiled. 'What about side by side with a friend?' I said. Gimli looked up. 'Aye, I could do that,' he said. And then the blur of battle, and far away the hobbit Frodo managed to destroy the Ring of Power, and Mordor fell, and the ground shook… Somehow, we came through it all, as did our friendship. Our friendship, which began with a prank. And we still do not know who did it.