heard had been without context, familiar words put to unfamiliar uses… even though I had kept up with the languages, kept reading, there was nothing in this storage facility to help; it was a repository of the past, not of the present, and the nearest it came to the modern age were a few items from thirty years ago – not even a blink of an eye for an elf, but in terms of the present progress of humankind, an entire age of change. Take transport, for instance. I have been able to follow the development of transport, up to a point, from the objects housed here. In my day, of course, we rode, we had carts and horse- and ox- drawn conveyances, boats and ships, barges and rafts. I had my elk, a succession of elks. And that is how things stayed, for a very long time. Oh, designs altered – carriages became more comfortable, warmer, more padded, more upholstered… but very little changed for millennia. Then some brave fool invented an engine, and everything altered, it seemed, between one breath and the next; steam trains, steam carriages, horseless carriages, cars, trucks, motorbikes, aeroplanes, if you can imagine, tubes of metal transporting persons through the skies… space ships and rockets… all these things I read about, saw pictures of – even models, toys based on the vehicles. And the bicycles. I actually thought these were rather clever, when I first realised how they worked. A frame on which one sat, like to a horse (or an elk) but with pedals, not stirrups, to push into and make the wheels turn and carry you forwards. There were about a dozen of the things here, black and rusted and stern, all angles and circles, intriguing and enticing… they lived high above my head on top of the central rack of shelves, tauntingly out of reach. Once, though, they brought some in – not so old, still working, I heard one of the staff say. Still in 'good nick', which seemed to mean, functional. They were the last made by a particular manufacturer, and as such, were to be preserved. The staff member even mounted one and rode up and down on it before leaving it propped against the side of the shelf. Of course, I couldn't resist the opportunity to learn a new skill. For three glorious weeks those bicycles were without a specific storage place, and so each night, once the store was empty, I would try them out. It was not as easy as it looked. Still, it passed the time, and, being an elf, I do heal remarkably quickly. Who knew the ground would be so much harder when you fell from a bicycle than off an elk? By the end of the second week I had mastered it, and was riding around the warehouse with my long hair streaming out behind me like a pennant. It felt incredibly liberating. Of course, it did not last; one day they came and took the bicycles off for display in the Transport Museum, and I was left eyeing the much older, more decrepit and locked-in-place iron steeds on top of the racks with regret. Their handlebars, especially on the ones with the rod brakes, reminded me of Bold Hart's antlers. With a drifting sigh I pulled my attention away from the bicycles; I had been prevaricating, trying to avoid thinking about today, this day, and the memories that had risen up to sting me. As a half-way point between pain and memory, I allowed myself to consider Lily Dunbar instead. She had seemed to like talking to me, even though she did not seem very used to talking in such a way. Presumably, as she had a son at the young adult stage of life, she must have – or have had – a spouse, or a partner… or perhaps she was divorced. I had some knowledge of divorce, read of it here and there. It seemed odd to me, that you would consider being with someone and then breaking apart from them so suddenly with such apparent ease. But perhaps, when you do not have forever, you do not take as much care when choosing or seeking your fëa-mate, and then, you would not have long to decide whether to live with your mistake or cut yourself free. Of course, even for us, it was not always perfect; there were sometimes mistakes, and when it was found that a couple had taken vows to please their families, where one or other (or sometimes both) were actually drawn to a partner of the same gender, rather than the opposite, sometimes an annulment could take place. But only for those who had not sworn beyond the bounds of Middle Earth, who had taken short vows which would end when death or sailing sundered them. But never divorce. As for me, I had had one great love in what now was starting to feel like a very long life – the mother of my children, now herself long dead, poor melleth... but there had been another, no more than a dear friend, really, but whose gentle companionship and bright, spiced humour brought me many long years of pleasure. I wondered what had become of her... vaguely, I thought there had been a ship... a small boat, rather, taking her to a larger vessel, taking her away, taking more than just her with it... This was no good; I would become maudlin if I permitted myself to continue in this vein, and then I would mope, and perhaps even begin to fade. But I had lasted so long, it was becoming a matter of pride to me to endure. Perhaps I would still be here when humankind had managed to destroy their environment utterly, when nuclear war or accident would fireball across the planet, leaving behind just me. And the cockroaches. Well, that would be something to look forward to, would it not?