space for this: Three men to sign Three old men who support her still And that will make it right And where she too can fix her name For this she gives her thanks…' Aragorn smiled and wrote the document in Sindarin, in Rohirric, in the language of Gondor and in Westron. He left space for the woman to copy the words in her own dialect, and he made six copies, and the evening drew on and became night. Two of the three men retired upstairs and the last sat, nodding and starting up when the wind yowled particularly loudly and pelted an especially large load of sand at the shutters. Thus Aragorn was able to pass the documents to Framborn to take to the woman to complete, for her old men to sign and to bring back to him, all unseen. 'I will take to Rohan,' Framborn said. 'It is my home.' 'But if they learn of this, they will expect that. They will not expect me to carry the message. I am riding North, I can be in Gondor in less than a week. Your friend should keep a copy for herself and lodge one with her council. She should announce ahead of the vote that she has done this.' Aragorn glanced up into Framborn's eyes. 'You should take a personal message to your uncle from her, explaining why she chooses to stay. It should be in my hand, for I think they have noticed I have been writing… I will see your king hears the will of this woman.' The storm eased around midnight, and the man still nodded and drifted. Aragorn took the finished, signed messages and slid them into the side of his boot, but shook his head when Framborn suggested he come over and speak to the woman. 'No, it is better if she is not seen with me. Then she can deny all knowledge of me, should she need to.' Aragorn got up to take the empties back to the bar. The innkeeper, dozing in a chair, woke with a jump. 'You have a bed, good master. Will you not go to it?' 'I do not think any of us will, not while the storm is on us. Is it over, now?' 'No. We are under its still heart. It will wake again, soon.' 'Do you have in the village, a magister or such? Good men of the place, honoured citizens?' 'Aye, we have many good souls here!' The innkeeper sounded ready to be affronted. 'Peace, good friend. The lady in the corner, you know her?' 'I do indeed. She honours us here.' 'Then have the village honour her. Have some, or all, escort her, not simply down the hill but all the way home. Do you understand?' Aragorn glanced at the sleeping watchman. 'All the way home. She has to be there for the vote.' 'I understand you. Now will you please go to your bed?' The storm riffled the shutters lightly, then hurtled against the inn; the eye of the storm had passed over. 'I do not think there would be much point.' Morning came unheeded, for the storm still ranted around the inn and it was late before the winds abated enough for the landlord to risk opening the smallest of the windows to glimpse out. A strange, dim light drifted in, causing the woman to stir where she had fallen asleep on the settle, a folded jacket from one of her elderly admirers under her head and her cloak over her. Frambold slept, too, trusting Aragorn to keep guard over the watchman. Now Aragorn stretched and went to look out on the day. The sky was heavy, orange, full of the swirl of dust and sand. 'It will be over by noon. Then we will have to dig out the pass.' The landlord shrugged. 'There will be no journeys today except about the village.' The woman was not left alone. One of the old men went back to his house, and within a very short while was replaced by a dozen more, come to see the lady. And so it went, through the day. One group would arrive, another leave, and the three men watched with frowns and scowls as she was surrounded with well-wishers. That night, Aragorn slept in the bed in his room, but he kept his boots on and his knife under his pillow, and in the morning he rose early to news that the woman had risen earlier, and had gone, with half the population walking with her down to Low Village. He settled his bill and ruffled the horse-boy's hair with a smile and rode off down towards Foothills, the village to the north of the hills. The air was sultry now, the sky purple and ominous, but he reached his next inn safely, just before another sandstorm hit. He hoped Framborn and the woman had made it to shelter, that the vote would go ahead and that her announcement would buy her a little more time. A three-day detour took him to Gondor and he delivered the first two letters with relief, one to the Steward and one to send on to Dol Amroth and Prince Imrahil, then headed back towards Osgiliath and northwards. On the edges of the Dead Marshes, he spotted his original quarry, the creature Gollum hissing and gloating as he fished for his supper. In a heartbeat Aragorn had him, a vicious, wriggling, biting, kicking, strangling armful of teeth and death… it took far too long to subdue and bind the creature, and but for Baldy Horse hauling back and kneecapping Gollum with a neatly-judged hoof, the struggle would have taken even longer. At the end of it he was exhausted. Exhausted, but victorious. Gollum looked at him with malevolent eyes, not understanding why the man, bleeding and bitten and bruised, had thrown his head back and was laughing and laughing and laughing… It had begun to rain again.