much discussion on the topic and many reminders that there would be a day when things were different. 'So, this afternoon, when I collect you from your lessons, we will be going home and getting changed into our best clothes,' Canadion said; Lhostor was taught with two or three other elfling orphans by Healer Maeril, who was a continued support and source of care when both Adars were working. 'And our rooms will be different, for they will be decorated. Tonight is the New Year Festival, and while it is fine and gentle with much singing, there will also be much beer and silliness and noise in the Feasting Hall later. So we are having a different sort of festival at home.' 'You told me, and Adar told me. There will be cake, and pretties in the rooms, and things.' 'That is right. And your friend Emlissel is coming, and her nana and naneth.' 'And Healer Mae?' 'Yes, Healer Maereth has been invited, too. But our rooms are very spacious, it will not feel at all crowded.' Canadion bent to hug the elfling. 'I hope your day is fun. I am teaching people how to shoot straight this morning, and then I am going home to make sure all is ready. Adar Thiriston will collect you at home time.' As parties went, the loudest thing present was the new blue and green bunting, but as Lhostor's anxieties were known to everyone except Emlissel, who was Lhostor's friend anyway, it remained a sedate and gentle gathering of friends, and when everyone had drunk blackberry cordial and Meareth had sung a gentle New Year Welcome song, Thiriston left the room for a moment to return with a cake which he set down on the table in front of Lhostor. 'Lhostor, this is a party for the year's turning,' he said, his gruff voice taking on the softer tones he used with the lad. 'But that isn't all it's for. You know your favourite story?' 'The one where you hit the rude Noldo in the face for being inappropriate with Ada Canadion?' 'No, your other favourite; the one about Healer Gaelbes' wonderful idea.' 'Oh, yes, when you asked the Valar for an elfling, and then got me?' 'That is the one. Well, you see, we don't know when your begetting day is, because we weren't there. So Ada and I were talking, and we thought, the night we asked the Valar if we could have an elfling, that would be a good day to pick.' 'So, if you would like,' Canadion said lightly, 'we thought today would be a good choice to keep as your begetting day. And every New Year Festival, we can have a party and a cake and be thankful together, for the old year ending, and the new year starting, and for each other to share them with.' 'Every New Year? Forever?' 'For as long as you want.' Lhostor smiled. 'That will be for always!' And it very nearly was for always. Certainly, as the years rolled on, and Canadion taught Lhostor how to shoot, and Thriston showed him the tricks of knife-throwing, as he entered and left his third, and fourth, and fifth decade and beyond, as he grew tall and happy and courageouls, no matter what else was going on, there was always bunting, cake, Ada, Adar and Lhostor. One day, just about two weeks before New Year when Lhostor was nearing the end of his seventh decade, he sought Canadion out on the practice range while Thiriston was working elsewhere. 'Ada, I wanted to ask you something...' 'Of course, ion-nin.' Canadion lowered his bow and turned to his adopted son. 'I hope all is well?' 'Yes, everything is fine. Very fine. And so, I wanted to ask, you know our New Year Festival?' Canadion smiled, although his heart fell. He had wondered, he and Thiriston, how long it would be before Lhostor outgrew the simple fare of cake and friends, and for the last decade had been expecting the news that it was no longer needed. 'Yes, penneth?' 'Would you mind if...?' Canadion steeled himself for an emotional blow... 'If I invited someone myself?' Ai, the relief! Lhostor could have invited all the spiders in Middle Earth at this point, and Canadion would have grinned and offered to make giant fly pie. 'I am sure that would be fine! It is good that you have friends.' 'It is Emlissel.' 'Oh, how nice. We would have asked when we invited her naneths, of course...' 'Well, I wanted to bring her. Do you mind?' Canadion shook his head. 'Why would we mind?' 'Because she is an elleth?' The lift of Lhostor's voice at the end of the sentence, the hint of question to it made Canadion blink. 'Do you understand, Ada, I am asking her because she is an elleth, my elleth, and I know you do not... that is...' 'Oh, ion-nin!' Canadion reached out to fold Lhostor into a comforting shoulder hug. 'We knew you were growing up...! Of course, of course I understand! And I hope all goes well between you, because even though we are elves, and we all have our perfect fëa-mate somewhere, we don't always find them straight away.' He kept to himself the fact that one could have a lot of fun looking, and released Lhostor from the hug, but not before he had the breath almost squeezed out of him. 'You are, you have been the best parents ever! But Emlissel's naneth is not too happy, although her nana Merlinith does not see to mind... so I am worried, what about Adar?' 'He will be glad for you, I am sure. In fact, he will be just happy there will not be young handsome males in the house, in case I flirt with them...' Lhostor laughed and threw his arm across Canadion's shoulders. 'Silly ada! Will you come with me to tell him, then?' 'Your silly ada! Of course I will!'