always to the escape... there was Gimli, standing now as if entranced in misery, head bowed by the tomb of Balin... before Gandalf could respond, he saw Legolas dash across to the Dwarf, grab his arm and pull him away, speaking low and urgently about how his death would not avail his honoured dead, and the duty of service to the living should now be his consolation. But then there was no time even for thought as Gandalf was thrown deeply into the fray... Exhausted, all but spent, the Wizard almost fell down the steps to catch up with the company. Speaking as lightly as he could, trying not to frighten the Hobbits, he drew Gimli to his side, drawing strength from the Dwarf's courage, supporting his grief by his own companionship. With luck, and determination, they might yet come through this unscathed. Or some of them would... A narrow bridge, the enemy all around, fire and flame and Legolas giving a cry of fear such as Gandalf had never thought to hear the Elf utter as their enemy was revealed, shadow and flame and ancient evil... The Wizard braced them as best he could, issued orders, sent them on and stood on the bridge against the Balrog, facing its dark conflagration with his own... ... and his enemy fallen, but he, on the brink, clutching the edge of hard, broken stone, the last few seconds stretching out even as he saw Aragorn try to turn and run back... they would be all right, Aragorn would lead them... where they were headed was comfort and wisdom... Legolas had begun to understand Gimli, and even if the Dwarf was not close, yet, to understanding the Elf, it was a start; Thranduilion was more swift to forgive, more patient of heart. He would cheer the Hobbits, Aragorn would protect them... They would be fine. He sought for fitting last words of comfort, but time was running short... ' Fly, you fools,' he said as his hands failed, as the lash of the Balrog, implacable, dragged at him and the rock slithered up past his loosened fingers... A dark time. A red time. Pain and cold after the heat of flame. A bright time... all skittered past in flickers of dawning consciousness, in the passage of time... he was a feather on the breeze, blown about by fate, he was hearing voices but they might as well have been the whisper of the wind in the trees. The rustle of the leaves was all the speech he understood, he was not of this place... This place. He had been sent back... Lothlórien and healing and tales of new hope... Well met, indeed, very well met, to see the three of them again amongst the trees of Fangorn... Aragorn, as ever he was... the Dwarf and the Elf, working together now, talking about how to defend against him... of course, they did not need to defend against him, but they were confused, perhaps. Or was it he who suffered the confusion...? There were moments, still, when he struggled, when he did not know if he was hero or villain, grey or white, new made or older than the world itself... But these three, he knew. And as he looked, he read the bonds of friendship in how Elf and Dwarf echoed each other's stance, how they stood ready to fight or fall together, and he wondered how this change had come about, since they had been such enemies at first. Polite enemies, true. Opponents, perhaps, was a better word... And yet, was it so surprising that after such enmity should be such comradeship? 'Keep your friends close, but keep your enemies closer,' it was said, and if one followed that sage advice, what would happen should that enmity turn to friendship? After all, one learns more about an enemy than one does a friend, because one is more invested in knowing if there is a threat. And so now, Gandalf smiled to see, amidst the confusion of power around him, that these two who had bickered and snarled at each other in the dark of Moria had moved as one, ready to strike the perceived enemy, to die together or for each other. Legolas, endurance honed to wisdom, Gimli, suffering hardening and toughening him, their fears for the Hobbits the unifying force which had driven them on, beyond exhaustion, beyond hope, bringing them here, now, to the very place they needed to be. Listening , telling tales around the camp fire, hearing how often Gimli or Legolas returned in talk to Merry and Pippin, voiced relief they were safe, relived their dread on discovering their burned and lost equipment, their concerned speculation for Frodo and Sam, it struck him again how the Hobbits, even by their absence, could bring different peoples – enemies, even – together just in memory, just in thought... a never-ending source of surprise, Hobbits. Setting off the next morning, a hard road still ahead, Gandalf could not restrain the flickerings of hope within his heart. 'We ride for Meduseld,' the Wizard announced, both challenge and victory in his voice, and as Aragorn wheeled Hasufel into place, and Legolas told Arod where to head, Gandalf felt himself smiling, his heart lighter than it had been for many months as the two broke into song as they rode, despite the fact that Gimli now rode with Gandalf and Legolas alone on Arod, their odd harmony of light tenor and gruff baritone, somehow mingling into one fine, strong song, and surely, if one Elf and one Dwarf could, in these hard days, strike up such a friendship, then perhaps that day was not so far off when all Dwarves and all Elves could unite against the common enemy. ...Yes. One should never underestimate the dangers of travelling with a few friendly, hopeful, hopeless Hobbits: sooner or later, you would end up being friends with the whole world. Whether you liked it or not.