before, not when we thought Gandalf had died, not even when we thought Merry and Pippin dead on the outskirts of Fangorn. He stopped abruptly, tension across his shoulders, and he sniffed, sat up, didn't look at me. 'Take... take a look off our starboard side, Gimli,' he said, and, oh, Durin's beard, there was the liner, all wrong in the water, sinking, and around it these mountains and plains and lumps of ice, little bobbing things in the water in between, and one or two lifeboats rowing away from the ship like escaping beetles... didn't take it in at first. 'Is that the ship?' 'Yes, it's the ship.' His voice was dull, not patient, exactly, just... numb. Overwhelmed. 'We're not on it, we're in the skiff?' Stupid, stupid me, cold and groggy. 'In the skiff, yes, not on the ship. Everyone one else is. Was. ' Again, like he was on automatic. 'What happened?' 'Iceberg. Punched holes in the hull, and it shouldn't have mattered. Wouldn't have mattered, if they'd built it right. But they didn't build it right. And not enough lifeboats, oh, Gim, I could have got them the boats...' 'No. You tried. You gave them the money for the boats, what'd they do, spend it on carpets? Potted palms?' He huffed out his breath and I saw it pool into a little cloud in front of his face. Feeling a bit more awake now, throwing off the last of whatever he'd drugged me with, I managed to shift myself onto the plank seat, swing my legs over and move up so I could was near enough to pat at his shoulder, ignoring the wobble of the skiff. 'Should have waited for the Carpathia ,' I said. 'Well. Perhaps.' I shook my head. That wasn't right, he should be arguing with me. Legolas always argued with me when he wanted to feel better about something. 'Tell me about it. Today, tell me about today.' 'Today?' Again, he sounded numb. 'Well, start with after you drugged me. What then?' 'I carried you back to your state room, packed a few things for you... put them, and you, into the boat. There were warnings of ice, I could smell it, I could hear the officers talking about the messages, but nobody seemed concerned... it worried me. So while they were busy, I lowered the boat over the side – I must confess, I tied you in, but only so you were safe... and I slid down the rope and called it to my hand and began to row.' 'So now what do we do?' 'If you're ready, we row west. Well, basically, just away from the ship is a good idea, really. But if we can find west, that will help. Just... try not to head back towards the ship, yes?' 'There is nothing wrong with my sense of direction, Elf!' 'No? Who was it got lost in the First Class dining hall?' 'Those blasted palm trees confused me!' He smiled, tears set aside for the moment, and I heaved out a sigh. 'You're cold,' he said. 'There's a blanket for over your cloak.' I took it from him and bundled up. It didn't really help, but he nodded. 'You look warmer,' he said. We began rowing, paddling, away from the wreckage, the sea all shifty with ice, Legolas shaking his head as the disaster continued to unfold behind us. 'I left them the compass,' he said. 'Why did they ignore the compass?' 'That's Men for you,' I said, paddling. I had an awful feeling that when the ship went down, we'd get dragged down with it. All right for him, I supposed, he'd still get to Valinor even if it was the hard way, but me...? 'Can't help them, sometimes, no matter how you try.' Of course, we couldn't pick up survivors, not where we were going. That made it worse, somehow. We huddled into our Lothlórien cloaks, guiltily glad to escape, and then, just as the sea ahead got swirly and rough, and the huge ship tipped up to reveal its stern, we hit a little bump, and our night turned to day, the cold dark to warm sunlight as we hit the Straight Path and for a few brief moments, we could see, as if down a tunnel, back to the world we were leaving behind. 'Look, Gimli, it's going to be all right. Eru really does have a purpose for them, after all. There is something beyond their mortality. Do you see the angels?' Winged shapes, blue and sparkling, were swooping down over the sea, touching the little bobbing shapes. Where they connected, a brief golden glow, and the winged things lifted up, followed by what appeared to be a glittery bright butterfly. Soon the sky was full of butterflies and angels, and the terrible cries from the ocean were silenced. A groan, a creak, and down through the ever-diminishing tunnel we saw the back end of the ship waver and begin to slide away. 'Daft name for a ship anyway,' I said, eyeing the letters on the stern for the last time. 'Whatever did you let them call it 'Titanic' for?' Legolas sighed as the ship slipped away and the brightness of the Straight Way properly grabbed us and took us to its heart. 'I do not know,' he said. 'They wanted something imposing, magnificent... It seemed like a good idea, at the time.' Notes: There are many sources on the internet with information about the Titanic and many books and film documentaries. I am particularly indebted to the following: Titanic: The Ship That Never Sank by Robin Gardiner. Titanic: Myths And Legends of a Disaster by Roger and June Cartwright. Drain the Titanic – a documentary from the National Geographic Channel. In this story the ship is used fictitiously, and while I have stayed true to the history wherever possible, any resemblance to actual passengers, crew, and designers is completely accidental and unintentional.