fear fled away. 'May I retrieve my hounds now?' 'Yes, hir-nin,' Baralinith replied, lowering the arrow. Oromë whistled a command, and the dogs rose from their crouching and trotted back to him. 'I do not hunt for venison,' he said. 'It is the enemies of Morgoth I pursue... you would do well to tell your king we have this day made several kills of the spawn of Ungoliant... his majesty may have a problem on his hands in times to come.' 'Thank you, my lord Oromë,' Thranduil said, finally lowering his bow, 'I will pass that on.' 'If I may, hir-nin,' Baralinith interjected, 'it should be noted that my poor hart here did not know you were not hunting venison, and so he has near run his heart out...' 'Indeed? Then you must let us make amends. Lauretindor, see what may be done.' 'Yes, my lord.' An elf with hair more golden than sunlight dismounted and came forward. 'By your leave, my lady?' Baralinith nodded, and brought Urulosson forward, Thranduil standing aside. He watched as the stranger stroked the hart's muzzle, speaking softly to him in a language that should have been familiar, and yet wasn't. Lauretindor looked into each bright eye, still murmuring. He ran his hands down the pale neck, smoothed the shoulder beneath the covering cloak. 'He will be fine,' he said reassuringly, looking into Baralinith's eyes in a way Thranduil really did not like. 'I have calmed him, and his fear is stilled. Give him to drink, when you can.' 'Yes, lord, I shall. But I must see your company off my lands, first.' Oromë laughed. 'Tenacious, are you not? One day, you might join my host, Baralinith. Lauretindor already looks favourably on you...' 'My lord!' Lauretindor protested, swinging back up into the saddle. 'The lady's eyes favour another, can you not see that?' 'Ah, well. Next life, then. As for your young stag there, Baralinith, you had better keep him.' 'I am an elk tamer, lord, not an elk owner! Besides, he is not yours to bestow!' Oromë laughed again. 'Child, I did not mean the elk; I meant the ellon; he has seen into your soul and a part of him is trapped there; only your death will free him. Cleave to him in this life; in the next, you will ride with us and help Lauretindor succour all the creatures in need of care along the way; he will wait for you. And in exchange, I promise you this: I will never enter your lands without permission again, agreed?' Baralinith tilted her head, considering. 'We will see,' she said. 'But for now, my lord, your best way is back the way you came. Two leagues hence, you will find a line of rowan. That marks the elk tamers' eastern boundary.' 'Yes, we will see... and you are helpful, indeed! But we ride south and west; we will circle Lothlórien and wind our horns until Cerin Amroth itself shakes!' He turned to his host. 'Be ready! We ride for Lothlórien!' 'Just do not distress any of my pregnant hinds as you leave,' Baralinith called. 'Or there will be trouble!' ‰%%%%%%%%%%%%%% Thranduil smiled and tipped his goblet towards the shimmering starlight gemstone in salute. 'It was almost a year before I saw Baralinith again, and it is not an exaggeration to say I pined... But on my next begetting day, my father King Oropher led me down to the stables. I thought we would be going riding together; a whole day with Adar away from the cares of state was a rare treat – but no. It was to give me a very special gift; my own elk. When Urulosson was brought forward, wearing a jewelled headstall. I was delighted to see him, but even more pleased that Baralinith was leading him. She stared and said: 'So you really are Thranduil! I am glad! I didn't want him going to a stranger!' After that, we were inseparable.' Thranduil smiled. 'Urulosson, Baralinith, me. My father, of course, did not approve an elk-tamer for his son – not even a Royal Elk-tamer – no parent ever really believes anyone is good enough for their elfling – but she won him round with that same combination of fierce, uncompromising dignity and determined politeness that so amused Oromë Araw. She put her chin in the air and swore never to be my queen, never to pledge herself to me beyond the boundaries of this world. And when he raised his white gold eyebrow and asked her why not, she said in her next life she was promised to one of the Maiar in return for the safety of the elk preserves, and no less a person than Oromë himself had told her to cleave to me in this world. After that, there was not a lot my father could say on the matter.' 'Did not you mind?' Legolas asked. 'About Lauretindor? ' 'At the time, no... Baralinith, being Silvan, was not the sailing type... and death severs all ties... But I did not think she would die so soon...' Thranduil sighed and refilled their goblets. He drank deep, and rose from his seat to go to the starlight gemstone and lift it to the light of a storm lantern on the wall, watching the dance of refraction glittering in its depths. 'I miss her still, of course, her loss burns me... But when I think of Baralinith, on nights such as this, should I find myself growing sad, I think of her in her new life, riding with Oromë and calling him to task for overstepping the bounds, and it makes me smile in spite of my loss.' Thranduil turned the diamond, falling into its beauty. The silver sparkle had a heart of blue fracturing it, fragments of flecks of gold, like freckles in the depths of Baralinith's eyes. 'A tedious meeting... an escape to the woods... and that, ion-nin, is the story of how I met your mother.'