empty seat formerly occupied by Elrond on his other side, there was only the person opposite who needed including in the conversation, so it wasn't too much of an effort. The Galadhrim had been introduced as Pelilastor, and responded politely to Glorfindel's social efforts. 'Yes, it was a long journey; for myself, I have not travelled outside our borders before and so many things were new to me. Yet it was sad to see marks of destruction still in the landscape; the earth is slow to heal such wounds, it seems.' 'I know; it's been a sad time. Everything's starting to come back, though. Except for the Valley, which is changing, of course.' 'Fading, they say, as our own sweet Lórien fades…' Pelilastor sighed. 'As is our lord, it seems.' 'Yes, well, what do you expect, he tries to hold on and you abandon him and go running off to…' Glorfindel broke off, shaking his head. 'Sorry. I doubt it was your fault. Even if you were there, which I don't know, of course.' 'No more than it was your fault that Isildur did not destroy the Ring of Power when it first came to him. Even though you were there, which is a matter of record.' 'Point taken. Sorry, it's just… sad.' Pelilastor nodded. 'On that we can agree, Lord Glorfindel; it is very sad.' Next morning, once Glorfindel had talked Asfaloth into going for a ride – the horse was beginning to feel his age and sometimes only wanted the comfort of his stall – they set off for a gentle amble along the valley trail. It was one of those cold, winter-bright mornings and frost crisped the landscape, making plumes of their breath, so that Glorfindel fancied he was riding a dragon. A tame, friendly dragon, unlike those he had encountered in the past, obviously… The bells on Asfaloth's harness tinkled as they meandered along the trail and the terrain changed from manicured garden to woodland, the deciduous trees skeletal and naked against the dark greens of the needle-clad pines. 'Well met!' a voice sang out from the branches of an almost-denuded oak. 'A fine day, is not it?' Glorfindel reined in close to the occupied tree and grinned. Pelilastor was sitting on one of the lower branches, just a little higher than the seneschal's eye level. 'Good morning,' he said. 'Enjoying the valley? Are your friends with you, or…?' 'Some were, earlier. I lingered. Then the trees told me someone was heading this way and I decided to wait and see whom it was. I am glad it is you.' 'I'm flattered… that is, I think I am flattered…' The Galadhrim laughed. 'Nay, do not be anxious! I merely…' He tilted his head to once side, eyeing Glorfindel as if weighing him up. 'You were on the point of being outrageously outspoken at supper last night.' 'I suppose I was. Did I apologise? I thought I had…' 'Indeed, you did. I mention it because… it is rare, I think, for one such as you to be so swiftly moved to anger. It suggests to me that you care deeply for our lord and so how can I be offended when you merely point out what might have caused his diminishment? Instead, I would ask – how may I help him?' 'That's easy; spend time with him. Talk to him about the old days, the people and places you might have shared. Take it slow, smile a lot, wait for him to hear you; it's as if he's muffled, somehow, and it can take a while for things to sink in. He's not – he's not simple, or anything, you understand. He's still all there, just… it's as if… he's a bit like Rivendell is now; most of the rooms are unoccupied, so one by one, we shut down a corridor or a wing. That's like Celeborn; he's shut down most of the rooms of himself as the people that were in them with him have left.' 'And so, just as you may have reopened rooms for visitors, so he may open more of himself if he has new companionship?' 'Talking about people he knew, he likes that. It's even better if they're people who aren't dead yet.' 'Tell me, if you will, if it is not an impertinence; why have you not sailed, Glorfindel? When Elrond left, would that not have been a good time?' 'It might, except I don't think shutting me up on a boat with Elrond for up to a month is a good idea…' Glorfindel grinned. 'It wasn't time yet. I came back to serve the line of Eärendil, and that meant Elrond, yes. But it also means his children; while Arwen is here… and then, after, I need to make sure the lads are all right – Elladan and Elrohir, I mean.' 'But if you were not here, would not someone else do that?' 'Probably. But why should they?' Glorfindel shook his head. 'No, Elrohir will be all right, I think – he's married, and if anything will ground you, it's being with your forever-love… Elladan… I worry about him, a little. Still. When the time comes, that's time enough to think about such things. And I don't mind; I've been around for so long now that what's another century or two? We're elves, after all, it's just a little delay… Well. I need to get Asfaloth back to the stables, will you walk with me?' 'Yes, I will walk back with you. But when my friends leave for the Havens, I will stay and bear my lord Celeborn company. I will try, also, to persuade those close to me that it would be an honourable thing to do, to try to cheer him. Perhaps one day he might wish to take ship, and we can escort him in honour then; a few years delay is nothing.' He smiled and inclined his head. 'After all, we are elves, are we not?'