little circle, each breaking off a corner of lembas and passing it on until all had a piece in their hands. 'I was called Old,' Old said. 'But where I am going to, I am known as Uirdor.' 'Elhael,' Calm said. 'That is who I shall be, once more.' Loud sighed. 'Beldes, that is who they know me as,' she said. 'And I am returning to be Duvainor,' Long said, smiling sadly. 'Legolas,' New said. 'I am known as Legolas, but I think I will always be New, in my heart.' They ate the lembas, embraced once more, and ran off into the forest in different directions, back to the lives they had known. Legolas carried his coat until he was within sight of the bridge over the river in front of the palace. Only then did he sigh, and shrug it on, and felt, no, it didn't fit. But even though it wasn't his finest coat, it was still a prince's coat, and he was its prince, and he would have to make it fit; he was a child of two worlds, Sinda and Silvan. Over the bridge and the guard outside the great gates stamped to attention. One opened the gates and slipped within, presumably to let everyone know he was back. He turned to look one last time at the forest, to imagine he could see Old, and Long, and Loud, and Calm, and lifted his hand to wave to their fëar. He paused, and then waved to New as well, and noticed how the leaves were turning to red and gold, and starting to slowly fall as dusk began to settle on the forest. Legolas shook his head, bewildered. Had he really been three months gone, in the forest? It didn't feel so long... Well. This time of day was, by tradition, the hours his parents claimed for themselves, the quiet time before the evening meal in the banqueting hall. This was a good thing, maybe; he needed a little quiet time of his own, to go to his rooms, reassure himself he was really back, that the only thing changed was him. So he nodded to the guard and headed into the palace, making for his private rooms. 'Legolas!' He had reached the royal accommodation wing when he heard his voice shouted from the far end of the passage. Turning, he saw his naneth, gathering her skirts and beginning to run towards him. But the voice had been that of his adar, who was striding out, his pace increasing until he, too, was running, and Legolas headed towards them to find himself held and hugged and his back patted, his hair stroked, and all of them talking at once, the words lost, incoherent, but the meaning plain; I missed you, you are here, you are safe, you are still the same. Finally, they pulled away enough to look at each other. Legolas saw the same joy in his mother's eyes as in his father's, as was in his own heart. 'Ion-nin, are you well?' Adar asked. 'Yes, I am fine, it was wonderful, Ada, the forest, it talked to me... and Naneth, it listened when I talked to it, and I learned so much, and...oh, when I am older, I am sure I want to marry a Silvan, they are wonderful, wonderful people...' Adar opened his mouth to say something, began to shake his head, stopped and blinked, and Naneth laughed. 'Adar? Because, I know it will not be like it was for you and Naneth with Daeradar not understanding...' Naneth put her arms around Legolas and gave him a little hug. 'My dear, beloved son,' Adar said, his voice serious. 'I want you to find your fëa-mate, and be happy, and if you find your completion in one of our Silvans, then very well. Only, be careful; some of the more traditional families do not believe they can sail; I would not have you face your forever alone.' Legolas nodded. 'I know. But I could always stay, too,' he said. 'Well, this is a discussion for another day,' Naneth said. 'Thranduil, it is time we were dressing for dinner; I will walk Legolas to his rooms, and join you shortly.' 'But, Baralinith...' 'Go on, shoo!' Naneth made little dismissing gestures and led Legolas away towards his chambers. She tilted her head so her hair was mingling with his, and it made him smile; she had Silvan hair, just like Elhael's, and he realised, he had not lost all his Silvan friends, he had one here, in his naneth. 'Do not worry, ion-nin, I am not going to smother you with hugs and cossetting!' she said, as they entered his quarters. 'I just wanted to ask, did you really enjoy it?' 'Oh, Naneth!' He sat down and took her hands, pulling her onto the seat next to him. 'Like Adar said, so much knowledge Arveldir or the tutors couldn't possibly tell me!' 'Wonderful, I am so glad!' Naneth squeezed his hands. 'So, tell me, what was the most important thing you learned?' Legolas smiled, shaking his head. He had learned how the forest lived and how to live within it, but that wasn't the best thing. 'It was when we met them, and we were saying goodbye,' he said. 'When Adar wouldn't let go of my shoulders. I learned that, even though he can't always say it, or show it, because he's the king, Adar loves me. That was better than flying through trees.' Naneth laughed, and hugged him, getting up to go. 'Well, I will remind you of that, next time you are cross with him! Now, hurry and bathe, and change – I know, it is hard to settle to palace ways after the freedoms of the forest, but it is time you lived as a Sinda prince again. You will never stop being a Silvan, though, my son.' She paused to smile. 'Better than flying through trees; your Adar will love that!'