and Gandalf say their hellos! Come over here, you've got some of your own to make!", Uncle Bilbo called, his arms around the necks of two dwarves, one with braided blond hair and the other with tied back, brown hair. Gandalf helped both Frodo and Lady Galadriel down, and Frodo left them with Cirdan on the docks. He hurried through the crowd and came to a stop in front of the group surrounding Uncle Bilbo. He recognized most from both Uncle and Oak's stories – Fili and Kili, Oin, Ori, and Bifur, Dwalin and Balin. Standing at the back was Oak, and Frodo supposed he'd have to get used to calling him Thorin. Uncle Bilbo removed his arms from around the two princes, who were too busy crying and laughing in turns to mind overmuch, and slid an arm around Frodo. His Uncle smiled brightly, in a way Frodo hadn't seen since he was young, and said, "I believe it's past time you met Fili and Kili, my lad. You two, try not to traumatize him, hm?" "We'll do our best," Kili agreed, grinning widely. "After all this time apart, such vicious lies! We'd never do that to family, Uncle," Fili argued. "Fili." "And Kili." "At your service," they said in unison, bowing. "We've waited a long time to see Uncle again, and even longer to meet you in person, little one," Fili greeted, the two of them being pulled into a hug by Frodo. He'd been surrounded by family his entire life, he thought, and he'd never known that half of it was missing. "Frodo Baggins, at yours and your family," he replied. Uncle Bilbo introduced each Dwarf in turn, and when it came to Thorin, the king pulled both Hobbits into a strong hug. Frodo heard him mutter something into Uncle's ear and held tighter, feeling Uncle's nod in agreement and frustrated reply of, 'If you must'. Thorin released Uncle Bilbo and looked Frodo square in the eye, and then kneeled in front of him. "Frodo, I am sorry. I should have been there in Mount Doom, but I let myself be pulled away-" Frodo rolled his eyes and threw his arms around the ridiculous Dwarf king who'd been family before Frodo had even known the true meaning of the word. "You were always there. Even when you weren't with me, you were protecting me," Frodo muttered, being hugged tightly. "What were you thinking, going against Sauron? I don't want to think what it would have done to Uncle if you hadn't…" "I swore I would protect you, even if it meant marching into Mordor myself. I let your Uncle down once, and it got those I loved killed, Frodo. I would not let it happen again." "Oh, for goodness sake, not this again," Kili muttered, before he and Fili muscled their way into the hug, tugging Uncle Bilbo in with them. "How many times must we say it, Uncle? You protected us as best you could. We don't blame you, Uncle Bilbo doesn't blame you – Mother might, but I'm sure she'll grind that particular axe when she gets here, so don't worry about it just yet," Fili informed him firmly. He gestured at Frodo, Bilbo and the rest of their Company. "We'll all be together again, sooner or later. Just take it for the gift that it is and don't question it." To no one's surprise, that was not the last time such a request was made. Gandalf's assertion of the stubbornness of Dwarves would be used as an exclamation of frustration for Uncle Bilbo for the next few decades – Kili had privately assured Frodo that Uncle Thorin could start an argument in an empty room, which was the exact opposite of shocking – until the guilt that had plagued Thorin began to abate. Lady Dis, when she arrived, did indeed grind down that particular axe, and it took another few years for the dust to settle from that spectacular argument. The only positive thing she said to Thorin those first few years was that he hadn't made his quest a complete waste of time, "although what business an upstanding gentlehobbit like Master Baggins had taking up with a complete dolt like you, dearest brother, is beyond me". Fili, Kili, Frerin, Balin, Dwalin and Gandalf had to repeatedly assure Frodo that that was just Lady Dis' way of showing her brother that she cared about his happiness. Thorin, though silent and moody in the aftermath of the argument, nodded in agreement. When Sam arrived, he spent years getting Frodo and Bilbo caught up on the comings and goings of the Shire. Bilbo had laughed himself sick when he heard that the adventures of Mad Baggins had become a fireside classic in Brandy Hall, and Frodo blushed to learn that the story of Frodo Baggins and his not-quite-so-imaginary friend Oak became a favourite bedtime story of the Fairbairn family when Sam's daughter Elanor had her first child, Elfstan. Imaginary friends came and went in the Shire. When the child grew up and stopped wanting adventure, their imaginary friend faded to a corner of their mind, collecting dust another Hobbit child had need of a friend to chase fairies and look for wood elves with. To Frodo's knowledge, Oak was the only one who stuck around, and he couldn't help but be glad. After all, to have a lifelong friend with loyalty, honour and a willing heart – You can't ask for more than that. AN: Annnnd, scene. My best friend is going to be so annoyed with me when she sees I've included Tauriel. She loves with Aidan Turner's version of Kili. Hope you enjoyed it, folks! Have a good weekend, and for those who are going to see Guardians of the Galaxy, STAY UNTIL AFTER THE CREDITS. I'm going to see it later this week, and I am so excited! Any comments, questions or concerns? Lemme know. Thanks for reading! =) Much love, Oracle. (L)