or Eomer himself did; that came with time. In time, her walls would come down and he would be able to read her as well as Eomer could, if he was lucky and he acted now. Eowyn wasn't one to wait around for a man, even one she loved. If she didn't think there was a future there, she'd cut her losses and move on. "I know we just met, Faramir, but I know my sister. Take the chance and tell her. I would bet my bike – hell, I'd bet Eowyn's bike – that she feels the same as you. Let her know.", Eomer instructed bluntly. "But-" "Trust me, I know my sister.", Eomer repeated. "You love her. Tell her the truth, keep her safe, and make her happy." "Is this you giving me your blessing to date your sister?", Faramir asked with a slight smirk. "This is me telling you to grow a pair and tell her everything that I saw yesterday. And pfft, you think Eowyn would care if I gave my permission?", Eomer laughed. Faramir smiled, looking up at the windows of the hospital. If Eomer's mental map was any good, he was looking at Eowyn's window. He almost gagged. Oh lord, he was going to have to go through not one but two epic romances in his circle of friends, wasn't he? 'The things I put up with for my sister.', he sighed. "No, you're probably right. Whether you approved or not, she wouldn't care.", Faramir admitted. "She's strong, in every good way that counts, but gods is she stubborn." Eomer laughed again in agreement. "At least you're not going into this blind.", he told him and looked him square in the eye. "Tell her the truth, and I swear to you, you won't regret it. However, our parents left us a lot of land and if you hurt her, they will never find your body." Faramir nodded and said, "I expected as much. To be honest, I didn't think you'd be alright with my dating your sister. Girls like Eowyn don't normally go for guys like me." "As long as you make her happy, I have no reason not to be.", Eomer promised him. "She's my baby sister and she means the world to me. I'd do anything to keep her safe and happy, but I think my days as her guardian are numbered." "I'll do everything I can for her. That's all I can promise.", Faramir answered and Eomer nodded slightly. "If I thought otherwise, I wouldn't be here. Now, I need to go wake up my sister and bring her breakfast. Should I tell her you'll be joining us?", Eomer asked, lifting a bag of breakfast food he'd brought from home with him. Eowyn hated hospital food. Faramir shook his head. "I can't, I have to get ready for my shift. But I'll be back by six tonight, to bring Eowyn home.", he explained. "Well then, you're joining us for dinner. It's the least I can do to thank you for helping my sister, after all." Or at least, that's what he'd tell her when they arrived home from the hospital that evening. She'd see through him in a minute and he was looking forward to seeing her internally combust. The medic opened his mouth to respond, and then closed it again with a smile and nodded. "I look forward to it then." Eomer clapped him on the arm and turned from the ambulance bay, walking into the emergency entrance. He heard feet running towards him and turned to see Merry and Pip hurrying from the window to meet him. "So? How did it go?", Pip asked eagerly. "How did what go?", Eomer asked with a knowing smirk when he saw Dr. Grayhame pretending to read an upside down newspaper by the window. "Your talk with Faramir! Is he going to tell Eowyn the truth?", Merry asked, gesturing with his hands for Eomer to hurry up. He laughed and said, as the ambulance pulled from the bay, "I don't think we have to worry about them. They'll get things straightened out soon enough.", he said. Maybe "soon enough" was a bit much. He did know his sister, and things were very rarely that simple with her, but that's why she had him for a brother. If Faramir was patient enough, they'd be fine, and he might see a niece or nephew from them before he died of old age. They'd be faster than Arwen and Aragorn anyway, which was really all he could ask. ~*~ AN: And, scene! Fun fact: That whole stretching nerves thing? That happened to me. My arm was numb for about a week and I couldn't sleep without having my head, neck and upper back suspended with pillows. Not a fun thing to experience. In case anyone was wondering, Gandalf and Merry were trying to set up Eowyn and Faramir. Merry delayed Faramir in the ambulance bay after calling Eomer to the hospital so the two guys would meet, and Gandalf was trying to delay Eomer just long enough for Faramir to show up in Eowyn's hospital room. Their goal was for Eomer, who is the most important man in Eowyn's life, to see Eowyn and Faramir together and say to himself, "Hm, interesting", hopefully resulting in him approving of Faramir trying to win over his sister. While it wouldn't guarantee the two would be together, they were hoping that by removing the possible roadblock of her brother's disapproval from Eowyn's path, it would be easier for them to spend time together. Just in case anyone was confused. =P Thank you guys so much for reading! I need to get back to my work now. Any comments, questions or concerns? Feel free to let me know. Much love, Oracle. (L) PS: Yes, Arwen Pendragon was a reference to Arthur Pendragon. I'd say I'm sorry but I'm truly not, it's two of my favourite things combined into one. =D