It was true. I looked nothing like the Liddell's. Instead of their black hair and dull brown and forest green eyes, I had long, wavy, brown hair and chocolate brown eyes. "Saruman's magic," Gandalf said. "But you are not alone in your family." "I am?" I asked looking at him. "No," Lord Elrond said. "You have a brother." "A...brother?" Just then, I felt a sharp pain in my head. I grabbed a hold of my head, while keeping a tight grip on the post. An image of a boy with shoulder length, brown hair and sincere blue eyes crossed my aqua blue eyes. My brother? I thought. I hardly noticed that Gandalf was now helping me to stand. I looked at him, and nodded, letting him know that I was alright. He nodded back. "Just a little headache, is all," I said, smiling. "You're sure?" Gandalf asked. "I have a brother?," I asked him. "Yes," the elf lord told me. "Do you remember this?" I looked at him, and nodded. "I...I think so." I felt a tear escape and trail down my cheek. "Is...is he here?" Gandalf nodded, smiling. Probably thankful that I remembered something of this world. "Yes, he is." "May I see him?" "He's outside," Lord Elrond said. "Hoping to see you." I gave him a small, unsure smile. Then, I asked. "Does he know? About what happened, about Saruman?" "Yes, he was well informed about that." "I see. That saves me the trouble of telling him myself." "Shall I let him in?" Lord Elrond asked. I hesitated. Did I really want to see my brother? Someone that I wasn't sure that I would recognize? Gandalf must have noticed my hesitation, because he asked, "Do you wish to wait?" "N-no," I said. Looking to Lord Elrond, I added, "That's fine. He can come in." The elf lord nodded and walked to the door while Gandalf helped me to the bed. The next time I looked up, it was at the sound of footsteps. I looked up and saw a man with brown, shoulder-length hair, a goatee to match, and sincere blue eyes. He was wearing a dark olive green tunic with silver lining, with black trousers and dark brown boots. Upon looking at me, he looked as if he had seen a ghost. I stood up from the bed, most likely mirroring his expression. It was as if he popped out of a dream of mine. I hadn't expected him to look exactly as I pictured. I walked over to him. "Edlothia?" the man asked. I was confused, to say the least. But the more I thought about it, the more it made sense to me. That must be my real name , I thought. I looked towards him and nodded. "I've kind of been going by Elizabeth these past few years, but yes." The man smiled. He walked up to me and pulled me into a hug. Hesitantly, I wrapped my hands around him and returned the hug. "I thought I had lost you," he half-whispered. "I had dreaded the worst." We pulled from the hug and I looked back up at him. I could see the hope that was filling those blue orbs. I felt that the more I looked at him, the more I would remember who he was. Come on, brain! I thought. Think! Remember something! I was fighting the fog that was clouding my mind, the black shadow that fought to keep my amnesia going. So much that I felt really weak, and then felt my knees give out. All three men moved to catch me. My brother was the first to since he was closer. "Are you alright?" he asked. I held my hand to my head, trying to stop the migraine from coming, but not succeeding. "I...I just need to lie down." He nodded, and with Gandalf's help, I was led back to the bed. Upon being put under the covers, that's when I remembered something. The story I was trying to tell my adopted parents when I was six years old. A story about a boy who had gotten me a special gift for me for my birthday. "My brother, Aragon...he had gotten me a harp for my birthday, so that Lord Elrond could teach me how to play while he was gone." I had said. I looked towards my brother, who was know kneeling beside the bed, my eyebrows knotting in recognition. "Aragorn?" He smiled and nodded. "Yes, Edlothia. It's me." Both Lord Elrond and Gandalf exchanged matching looks of surprise. Tears filled my eyes and were trailing down my cheeks. I bent over and pulled him into another hug. I remembered who he was. "I never thought that I would see you again," I managed to say through my sobs of joy. Aragorn rubbed my back, trying to comfort me. "Shh," he whispered. "It's alright. I'm here now." He broke the hug to look at me. "Tell me everything, anything that you remember." And I did what I could. A/N: Well...I hope that you guys enjoyed this tweaked version of the first chapter. I'll be working on the next chapter here within the next few days, so be keeping a lookout for that. Let me know what you think about it, though! I'd love to hear from you. Loved it? Hated it? I want to know. Reviews feed the muse! Feel free to follow me on Facebook for pics, updates and more! For now...I'm off to bed to think of some plot lines for this story :) Edit-February 7, 2014: Well, there! I think that fixes everything...I hope. But now everything makes more sense, at least. This is what happens when I want to make things as accurate as possible. I do shit tons of research and then it takes forever to write a story! GAH! But it was well worth it. I learned a lot of things about Middle-Earth for which I thoroughly enjoyed :) ~Xanthe :3