for Mirkwood?" the elf to the left asked. "It appears so, Rimedur," the elf she rode with said before his attention turned to Alaya once more. "Why would your mother send you to our home, Alaya?" She honestly had no answer, and was just as shocked. Her mother was sending her to the elves? Why was that? "I wish I knew the answer," she said softly, ashamed she was lacking information. They had saved her, and she could not answer the simplest of their questions. "Legolas," the elf on the right spoke then. "Your father will not be pleased with this..." "I will handle my father, Arandur," Legolas replied, his voice curt with his companion. The other simply bowed his head and fell silent. Alaya felt unease grow within the company. She hadn't meant to cause trouble, and guilt nagged at her. Why couldn't her mother had told her more, and why was it that Legolas' father would not be pleased? She dared not ask, for fear of what the answer might be. ****** Two more days passed before Mirkwood came into view. Alaya had ridden with Legolas the entire time, for he insisted on keeping her in his watch and care. The other elves, Rimendur and Arandur, were just as protective over her as their leader. Rather that was because he instructed them to be or because they were just that way in their nature, she was unsure. All she knew for certain was that the closer they got to Mirkwood, the more uneasy she felt. Legolas picked up on her feelings long before the city came into view, but as they approached, he placed a gentle hand upon her shoulder. "Fear not," he said softly. "You will not be cast away. To this I give you my word." Ease fell upon her shoulders, and at last Alaya was able to smile. Legolas was proving to be someone she would consider a lifelong companion, and with a nod she finally allowed herself to take in the beauty of Mirkwood. The trees and lake, the homes, and the other elves who began to emerge. All were beautiful, and the inhabitants of the city looked to her in curiosity. Who was this strange girl that had come into their world uninvited? None cast her harsh looks, but Alaya was sure this was their exact impression of her. Legolas dismounted his horse and helped her to the ground, and with a curious eye Alaya watched as many of the elves bowed to him. She questioned this action in silence as she followed him through the crowd. "My father may come off as harsh, but he will do you no harm. I will speak to him on your behalf." Alaya nodded, knowing that meant to stay silent. Anything to avoid being cast out from the only kind creatures, and companions, she had come to have in this dark time. They entered a large room, where an elf that was a near spitting image of Legolas sat on a throne. Legolas and his companions bowed, and Alaya did the same as her mind spun. If his father was on a throne, that made him a king. And Legolas... "And what has my son returned with?" Legolas' father said then, his voice gruff and his piercing gaze landing on Alaya. Thank the valar she had been warned of his harshness, otherwise she was sure she would have shrunk back at the look she was receiving. "She was attacked. Orcs, my lord," Legolas stepped up, speaking on her behalf. "Her village is no more, and her mother instructed her here." "Why would a human woman send her child to the care of elves?" the elven king asked, snapping his gaze to Alaya once more. "Your name child. Speak it quickly." Gathering her courage, she moved from behind Legolas and came into full view, bowing once more. "Alaya, my lord. Daughter of Thandion and Saerwen." At the mention of her mother's name, Alaya could have sworn she saw the elven king's eyes change. But it was an emotion she didn't quite understand. He stood then, rather quickly with a look that was more than obvious to her; anger. "Take her out of the city," he told Legolas, with narrowed brows and furious eyes. "But my lord Thranduil," came Arandur's voice. "she has no one to care for her. Surely you would not turn a child away!" Thranduil, it seemed, was relentless. "Unless you wish banishment upon yourself Arandur, I suggest you do as you are instructed!" Alaya did shirk back then, fear of the elf king's rage creeping upon her. She told herself to leave, quietly, to make sure her newfound companions were not harmed or banished. "I cannot allow this, father," Legolas stated then, taking a stand against his father. "It is madness to leave a child to fend for herself, when there are capable hands here to care for her." Thranduil stared his son down a moment, before looking back at Alaya. "You will find her care then, Legolas. But should anything become amiss with her in the presence of our people, it shall be on your head, and you will cast her out. Am I clear?" Legolas bowed, replying in elvish while Alaya herself bowed as well. "Thank you, my lord." He said nothing, nor did he look at her. Legolas turned with Arandur and Rimendur who escorted Alaya out with them. Relief truly washed over her when they left the throne room. She was safe, among the race she had longed to learn more about since her childhood. Little did she know however, just how much her new found kinfolk would truly affect her life. She would learn, in due time, her destiny. The answers to the many questions that still lingered in the back of her mind would indeed be answered. For now, however, she would learn but one great lesson; like the leaves in winter, she too, was bound for change.