his eyes drilling into mine. I shivered. "Common tongue?" he spoke, this time in halted English, still staring at me. I nodded my head with a bit more enthusiasm this time, relieved to finally be able to understand the words he was saying. He seemed more satisfied with my answer this time, and motioned for the two other elves in front of me to carry on. Unable to escape even if I had dared to try, I stood frozen in fear and confusion as they tied a blindfold over my eyes and bound my hands with a thin rope. Thankfully, they were pretty gentle and took care not to hurt me in the process. I guess whatever I had done had earned me at least a small amount of respect. This is a dream, right? Might as well just go with it. Sooner or later I'm bound to wake up. I told myself to relax as the soft cloth was tied over my eyes and the world around me went dark. I was aware of the group of elves moving around me, and then I felt a gentle pressure on my back, urging me to take a step forward. It was slow going, since I couldn't tell ahead of time when I was going to stumble upon a root or a dip in the ground. For the most part, though, the elves on either side of me were able to steer me clear up anything that would have tripped me up. We had been walking in silence for a long time, and I was beginning to doubt that I was even dreaming anymore. I couldn't remember the last time I had had a dream where anything was this prolonged. I felt as though I had been walking for hours already. With doubt gnawing slowly on my mind, I did the only thing I could think of in the situation. I pinched myself, as hard as I possibly could. "Ow," I whispered harshly to myself as the pain seared down my arm. Opening my eyes, I realised that I was still blindfolded, walking along at the same steady pace, listening to nothing but my own breathing and the soft footfalls of my own bare feet. Though I could not hear them, I knew that the elves were still walking along beside me, behind me, and before me. My heart sank as I realised how much trouble I was actually in. Though inside I was panicking, I continued to walk, for I was afraid now of what would happen to me if I stopped cooperating. As we progressed on through what I could only assume was still the forest, my legs quickly grew tired and I found myself getting breathless from the pace the elves were leading me at. Failing to move off to the side as quick as the elf on my left had intended, I tripped on a small root and tried to catch myself with my arms, which proved useless as they were still tied behind my back. I braced as best as I could for the impact, and was relieved to be caught quickly by two strong pairs of arms. Gently helping me back up, they asked me to carry on, and I shook my head, too tired to move my legs. "I can't walk any further. I need a rest," I said, hoping at least one of them would understand, trying my best not to pant. When none of them attempted to get me walking again, I took the liberty of slowly lowering myself down onto the grass and sat cross-legged, catching my breath. "Name?" I jumped as a gentle voice to my right broke the silence. Turning my head in the direction of the sound, I blinked beneath my blindfold, wondering if this was the same elf as the one who had seemed to know a little bit of the "common tongue" earlier. The voice sounded pretty much the same, melodic, deep, and yet different in ways I couldn't describe. "Christa," I replied nervously, unsure of what to make of the elf beside me. There was a silence for a moment, and I hoped that the only pleasant company I had had so far hadn't run away already. "Rúmil," the voice spoke up in answer just as I began to think that the elf had left. I managed a small smile as the name rang a bell. The younger brother of the Marchwarden. I wonder if Haldir and Orophin are here as well... I shook my head in response to my thoughts. No. Haldir can speak the common tongue. Though it was strange to not be able to see the elf I was talking to, I had a mental picture in my mind as to what he could look like. Of course, I was going off of the few shots of the two brothers from movies. Maybe they would look the same? "Rúmil," I repeated, the name feeling awkward on my tongue. I had never really tried to say many of the characters' names, as I had mostly just read or heard them. I heard him laugh quietly as I attempted to say his name, and I felt my cheeks go pink in embarrassment. I was going to be experiencing this a lot if I really did turn out to be stuck here… Thanks for reading! I hope that you are enjoying it so far, I will try to update as soon as possible! I would have liked to continue this chapter a little longer but it was getting kind of drawn-out for one writing session. The plot will pick up in the next chapter. Translations: Daro: "halt" Pedil edhellen?: "Do you speak Elvish?" Please review and tell me what you think so far! Reviews make my day! No flames please, and don't review just to tell me that the plot has been done a million times, because trust me, I already know this. Thanks! -Eru