door and strode to her bed, rustling the covers and sheets until she found what she was looking for. From the nest she called a bed Sabrina produced a moderately sized moss green, wool blanky. It was her blanket from when she was a very small little elfling. She had carried it everywhere. She put it to her nose and inhaled. It smelled like her parents and home. Sabrina smiled at it before carefully putting it into her pack… She had made her decision. Not ten minutes later she was walking in the warming morning sun as it drew close to high noon. Sabrina now sported a satchel with necessary traveling supplies and her usual little art pack. She reached the garden where she and the prince had clashed, just in time to see him with his steed, packed and ready to make way. Sabrina swallowed hard and approached him, chin held high. Legolas turned and saw her coming. Spotting her satchel he smiled. He knew her decision, so when she came to stand beside him she did not feel the need to say it. Legolas stepped back and gestured for her to climb up onto the horse, charming smile and all. Sabrina looked from his outstretched hand to the white animal. Uh oh…Legolas noticed her hesitation and confusion swept across his face. "Is…something wrong?" He asked curiously, looking from her to the horse and back again. Surely she did not have a problem with riding! Few elves have gone through life without getting onto a horses back…surely this young healthy elf had no problem with such a gentle animal? Sabrina looked very embarrassed, "I…ah…have never ridden before." She mumbled so quietly Legolas had to lean forward to hear her. Her cheeks grew pink and she clasped her hands together in abashment. Legolas blinked, astonished, but shook his head after a few moments. "It is easy, really, if you listen to me you shall be perfectly safe." Legolas patted the saddle, glad he had not decided to go bare back, as was usual to elves. "Come now, this is the quickest way." Legolas said when Sabrina still hesitated. Sabrina sighed and stepped forward, letting Legolas direct her foot into the right place and help her swing over. She really had to stretch. She was rather small, even for an elf. Legolas swung on behind her, gracefully and easily, taking the reins of the horse and directing it down one of the garden paths. Sabrina was silently panicking . She could feel every step the horse made and she felt like she was going to slide off any moment, regardless of Legolas holding the reins sturdily before her. She clutched the front of the saddle till her fingers turned white. When the path opened up to a wider area, leaving the garden behind, she felt a tad better, and the gates to Rivendell were in sight. Sabrina was on her way to a grand adventure! Giddiness replaced her fear of riding a horse for the first time and as the went through the gate Sabrina leaned and looked behind them, saying goodbye to her home. Legolas watched her and tilted his head. This young elf maiden was very odd. She was like no one he had ever seen. He had even begun to wonder if she were all there in her head. At times she would seem visit another world in her own mind and her eyes would lose focus, as if she were falling asleep, only to blink curiously at him moments later. They rode on for a few more hours, the sun leaving high noon behind to sink into the west. Sabrina had begun to grow used to the swaying of the horse and had relaxed in the saddle, merely enjoying the scenery for awhile. Legolas noticed that Sabrina had taken to stroking his steed's mane. Arod obviously was not minding and his eyes half closed pleasantly. Legolas soon pulled Arod to a stop before a clump of trees and a small stream. This would be a nice place to rest. Legolas hopped down and led Arod to the largest tree and paused to reach up and assist Sabrina down from the saddle. Sabrina got down a wee less gracefully then Legolas, and used the prince as support until both feet were firmly planted on the ground. One Sabrina was off the horse and able to stand on her own Legolas went to the stream to refill their water pouches. Sabrina made herself comfortable against the tree and took out some paper to begin drawing Arod as he happily munched on some thick green grass. Legolas soon returned and was not surprised to see Sabrina sketching. He began to replace the pouches into Arod's saddle bags and watched her out of the corner of his eye. She was not aware of the world around her when she drew, Legolas could tell just by looking at her. He could see a range of emotions fleet across her face as her sketch took shape…Legolas turned his head to the sky, seeing the splashes of orange and pink as the sun set. Perhaps when she had learned how to pain the would ask her to paint him a sunset… Author's Note: I would like to say, first of all, that this is a remake of a truly terrible first fic of mine "The Prince and the Pirate" I encourage you to read at least the first chapter, and see how it has improved. I cannot believe I once defended that story, but alas I was young and foolish. I am much the wiser now. Still my knowledge of Middle Earth is not as expansive as I wish it were, if you see any garish and appalling mistakes regarding this world please do not hesitate to tell me in a constructive manner. This chapter is short, I hope to make the others longer, but for now this shall suffice, Please read and review!