Rivendell..." came the calm answer; she was vaguely aware of how softly the male spoke, yet his words were not lost to the wind that whipped about her head, teasing bits of blue hair loose from her ponytail... Caisha rolled her eyes, "Funny... Fine. Illyra, very good. You can come out now. The jokes over... Rivendell indeed..." she snickered, then paused, and moved to the elf's side, picking up a corner of his tunic thoughtfully, examining it, "I must say your attention to detail has been excellent... But- ack---" she was cut off suddenly by five spears being pointed at her throat by very angry looking horse riders... She noticed the only one who did not threaten her was the male whose tunic she'd pulled, but her attentions were currently focused on another one of the riders, seated on a fine bay mare, who was speaking, Br "You dare to speak to Lord Elrohir thus?" Caisha, in her shock, lifted up her hand, which she noticed still held her mascara brush. With a surge of foolish heroism, she waved it around at the pointy-spear-holders, though it didnt do her much good, "My sister really went all out, then? Fine, I'll play along." she paused, and then exclaimed in all her exuberance, "Bring it on! I'll mascara you to death!" whilst flecking them with dots of black mascara as she waved the brush around. The one called Elrohir was watching with an expression of mild amusement, which quickly evaporated as Caisha was nearly stabbed by one of the over-zealous horsemen... He lifted up his hand, and said something in that freaky foreign language again, which caused Caisha to stare at him and the other riders to cautiously lower their spears. Still brandishing her mascara brush, she turned round to him, and gave him a breif smile, which was not returned, by any of them. She was about to say her thanks at saving her from being skewered on a pointy stick when he cut across her, shaking his head, "Tell me, Lady--" she interupted him here "-Caisha." He smiled wryly, "Very well... Tell me, lady Caisha-" she gave an exasperated roll of her eyes, "-how did you appear out of nowhere and why are you wearing..." his eyes slid over her clothing, "...that." he finished She glanced down at her jeans and tee shirt, then up at his own clothes, which consisted of a dark tunic beneath glittering silver armour, and shrugged; christ, this must have cost Illyra a fortune. "What, dont you like Nirvana?" Elrohir's look turned to one of confusion, "What is... Nirvana, pray tell?" he rolled the word on his tongue with genuine curiosity. Caisha sighed; okay, so they may be scary horsemen, but they were scary ignorant horsemen, "Nirvana. You know. Kurt Cobain, shot himself in the head." One of the other men, riding a black, frisky colt, who was prancing in his place with eagerness, spoke up "He shot himself? How is that possible? Would he not have had to get someone else to pull the bow?" Caisha stared at him as though he was indeed crazy, "What? A bow? No, he used a gun, fool." The rider of the black horse was about to say something else, until Elrohir cut in again, "Peace, Ysan." Ysan shut his mouth sulkily, and glared at Caisha, a look she returned whole-heartedly, until Elrohir called to her again, "Lady Caisha, it seems you have much to tell us... But, still, how did you appear out of nowhere?" Caisha blinked, "I did? Oh... I dunno. I was in my room, and I think I fainted..." she paused, "Hey, this isnt funny anymore. Wheres Illyra?" Elrohir looked confused again, "Who is Illyra?" "My little sister. She's like, addicted to Lord of the Rings... You can all go home now, the games over... But my sister has got a lot of explaining to do. Kidnapping me and leaving me with a bunch of strange men..." she eyed them suspiciously. Elrohir shot his companions a sharp look, then looked back to Caisha, "I can assure you there is no other around here; our scouts would have noticed. I know not of this Illyra... But who is this Lord of the Rings?" he asked, clearly thinking he sounded nonchalantly. She gave him a sceptical glance, "You know, Sauron, the One Ring, Frodo, the whole 'oh my God we're all going to die because a big flaming eye lost its jewellery' thing... Aragorn, Legolas... Hell, havent you seen the film?" Yes, despite what she said to Illyra to wind her up, she knew the story and the characters names. It was hard not to when her sister watched them every day on full volume, so that Caisha could probably recall each line in her sleep... she then remembered what her sister said, "Or read the book?" Elrohir looked shocked; "What do you know of Frodo and the Ring? And of Aragorn, or Prince Legolas, for that matter?" Caisha sighed irritably; she was not in the mood to play this game anymore, "Oh, dont be stupid. I want to go home. Which way is it?" She began looking around as though trying to spy a stage crew or something. When she did so, however, she didnt notice the significant glance Ysan gave Elrohir, nor the slight nod Elrond's son gave in return; all she knew was that the mascara brush was suddenly knocked from her hand with the butt of a spear, which then drove itself into the back of her head, so that she fell unconscious with a soft "Ow..." To be continued -plays dramatic music- Did you all like? You know you want to R&R Pretty please? No flamers, please o-0 thats just mean. Im sorry if its bad, or not that funny. It's my first one, but I tried D I promise the next chapters will be better 3 And will be extra better if someone reviews xD... That really made no sense.