the ground was obstructed by sprays of evergreen needles. Spotting a substantial limb leading over to another tree, she followed it, leaping over to the next pine. She glanced down again, reassuring herself she was not visible from the forest floor. Jan looked back up to find herself on the wicked business end of an arrow. She looked past the weapon into steel-grey eyes. She spotted the pointed ears immediately as the raven-haired elf had his locks pulled back in a thick single braid, lying over his shoulder. The dark elf issued what was clearly a command to climb down. The woman raised her hands, palms out, showing they were empty before crouching down on the branch and swinging around it to drop on the one below. She glanced back up to find the elf tracking her, bow still flexed, arrow ready to take her out. "Bloody hell. Good job Janessa, you got REAL far," the woman muttered to herself as she clamored down. She dropped the last several feet to the ground to find Glorfindel waiting, sitting astride Asfaloth, a slight smirk gracing his face. To one side stood the elf who had accosted her, his bow now on his back. Wait a minute. How did he beat me down? Jan sensed movement behind her and whirled about to find herself face to face with the elf in question. What the…? She looked back by Glorfindel, the blonde elf now smiling at the woman's evident confusion. The same elf stood by Asfaloth, also grinning. Oh ha ha! Jan stepped away from the elf next to her. "Elladan and Elrohir, I presume." The identical elves lost their smirks at her statement, suspicion now growing in their place. Glorfindel took that moment to break in, "This is Janessa Collier, the woman from Legolas' visions." After a moment of stunned silence, the twins began firing off questions at the seneschal in Sindarin, the redhead scowling at the trio. The blonde elf cut them off quickly, asking how they had managed to get away from Elrond. Jan caught the occasional word and "Elrond," wondering what they were discussing besides her. Elladan sheepishly answered the seneschal, explaining their Ada had decided an extended patrol along Imladris' border was part of an appropriate punishment for their latest prank. Glorfindel dismounted, turning to face the redhead as the twins began to move off. Even if these people are who and what they claim to be, I have no desire to find out the hard way that Tolkein was wrong about some things. Janessa faced off against the blonde elf, craning her neck to look up at him. He has the most amazing aquamarine eyes… "Do you believe me now?" "My belief is irrelevant." One dark golden brow went up. "Will you come with me now?" "Fine. Whatever." "I will take that as an affirmative." The golden-haired elf turned back to mount the stallion as Jan moved past the horse, walking ahead. The seneschal stopped, "Where are you going?" As Jan turned, the elf ordered, "You will ride with me." "The hell I will. Bite me." Jan moved on ahead. The twins had stopped several yards away, watching the altercation. Frowning, Glorfindel moved forward, grasping Jan's left elbow with his right hand, pulling her back, "Why would I…" The woman reacted to the touch instantly. Jan pushed back with his pull, throwing her full weight against the elf as she twisted toward him. The move was unexpected, Jan hooking the back of his right ankle with her right foot as he tried to step back, her shifted weight throwing him off balance. Glorfindel went down, holding fast to the woman, pulling her with him. Janessa landed on her left side atop the elf. She tried to roll away to her right, off of him, only to find herself flat on her stomach, her hands pinned behind her, the seneschal sitting on her. The woman cut loose a stream of abusive curses, squirming in the elf's grip. "Sonofabitch! Who the hell so you think you are? Let me up!" Jan twisted her head so she could see the blonde elf from the corner of one eye. "I do not believe that would be wise as you seem determined to fight my every direction. Now, do you intend to calm down? We need to return to Imladris." Glorfindel held his position as Janessa's answer was to try to writhe out of his grasp again. The seneschal suddenly realized her behavior was causing an inappropriate reaction in him. He found her stubbornness and fire somehow stimulating. How can this woman be eliciting such a response from me? He quickly squelched his reaction again, swiftly securing the woman's wrists with heathline and stood, hauling the redhead to her feet with him. Janessa was indignant as she was unceremoniously tied up, hauled up and then tossed face-down across the lower part of Asfaloth's neck. She ceased struggling as she had no desire to piss off the large stallion. She turned her head to face Glorfindel as the elf mounted his steed, baring her teeth in a snarl before resignedly turning away, dropping her cheek to the horse's flank. She squeezed her eyes shut as she felt the elf urge Asfaloth into a ground-eating gallop, bearing them swiftly toward Imladris, silent tears streaming down her face as she focused her senses on the thundering of the horse's hooves against the ground. Elladan and Elrohir watched the seneschal subdue the woman with open amusement that a human had managed to floor the Elda. From their vantage point they each wondered at the tears rolling down the redhead's face. Neither understood the source of her reaction to Glorfindel's touch or salted tracks finding their way down her face. A new puzzle was before them, their curiosity piqued. Legolas' mystery woman had been found, but that fact only opened up a whole new series of questions. A/N: Never fear, Twisted WILL be different. This fic is