holding it at the ready, this time aimed at the head of the larger male that had followed the first, perceiving him to be the greater threat though neither seemed to be armed. "STOP!" she cried out. "Who are you and where the FUCK am I?" Confusion and concern? rose in Janessa's mind, mingling with her barely controlled urge to panic. So muddled was she that she failed to realize neither of the former emotions were hers. Legolas jumped back as the black and red arrow lodged in the ground at his feet. He looked from it to Glorfindel and up to the woman who now had a second wicked-looking arrow pointed at the seneschal's head. His head already swimming the Prince couldn't make sense of the woman's words, only catching the controlled panic rolling off her in waves. There is no way this could be anyone other than Janessa. The fact that he was privy to what were clearly her emotions settled the issue for him. Glorfindel, recognizing her panic, stepped forward with his empty palms extended, attempting to placate her. He spoke to her in Sindarin, whatever she had yelled at them sounding like so much gibberish to his ears. "Janessa. Saes. We have no desire to hurt you. Please come down." Janessa's aim never wavered as the taller male stepped forward, his palms out, hands empty. He wasn't speaking English which confused the woman further. What was that? It sounded somehow familiar, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it. As the tableau continued a strong gust of wind blew through the trees, buffeting Janessa on her precarious perch. The air lifted the oddly-attired males' long hair, whirling it about their heads. Janessa nearly lost her arrow, barely maintaining her hold on the deadly dart as the dancing breeze revealed something to her eyes that should have been impossible. Pointed ears! They both have pointed ears! Her already panicked state escalated as the observation sunk in. "Where the hell AM I?" Jan cried out desperately as more of the long-haired, pointed-eared males drew up behind the first two. The shorter, thinner blonde male mimicked the first one's actions, spreading his clearly empty hands and speaking what Janessa assumed were supposed to be placating words. At the same time as she spoke Janessa was suddenly hot with a wave of focused emotions that definitely were not hers. Concern and reassurance rushed through her as she focused on the slender blonde male clearly entreating her. The emotions seemed to gain strength the more she concentrated on that particular individual. What the…? Without consciously realizing it Jan had let up on her bow and was staring, open-mouthed at the male, having come to the extremely unlikely conclusion that the emotions she was feeling were coming from him. Both elves remained wary, Glorfindel in particular tensing as the woman cried out what was clearly a question, speaking in some language he did not recognize. How do we communicate with her if she does not speak any of our languages? The balrog-slayer sensed the approach of Elrond and the rest of the group, motioning behind him for them to stay back, not wanting to worry the woman further. Glorfindel assessed the woman's increasingly agitated state. A million questions flew through his mind as he tried to ascertain the best course of action to follow. He almost stopped the Prince as Legolas copied the seneschal's previous motions, pleading with the embodied mystery woman. Legolas tried to calm Janessa, consciously projecting concern and reassurance toward the redhead. Calm down. It's alright. No one here will hurt you. Please. Trust us. The Prince was gratified when he seemed to receive a response as she let up on her bow. Something clicked in Janessa's mind as she tried to process everything coming at her. Sindarin. That's what they're speaking! Why the heck are they speaking the language Tolkien created for the Eldar? And further, why do they LOOK like elves? They couldn't possibly be… could they? Now that I'm really looking they clearly are NOT human. That means they MUST be something else… A particularly strong gust of wind caught Jan unawares, causing her to lose her balance, her arms pinwheeling in the air as she fought to maintain her precarious perch. Jan didn't make a sound as she lost the battle, slipping off the limb, plummeting toward the ground. Legolas smiled as Janessa seemed to calm down, considering his words perhaps. The grin was wiped off his face as he watched the redhead suddenly lose her balance and fall off the limb she'd been perched on. The entire group held their breath as they watched the woman fall from the tree. Legolas cried out as she was about to hit a branch, only to watch Janessa, incredibly twist in the air, reaching out to catch the branch one-handed instead. Relief rushed through the elf at the woman's save only to be overwhelmed by a flood of pain. Jan had clearly injured herself in grabbing that branch. Jan remained focused even as she fell, her back toward the ground. Deftly, she turned in the air, hand moving out to catch hold of the nearest passing branch rather than hit it. Jan caught the branch one-handed, her bow clutched in the other, swinging down under the branch. The speed of her drop coupled with her own weight resulted in her shoulder tearing out of the socket as her descent was suddenly arrested. Jan hissed through the pain flaring down her arm and shoulder and across her back, thankful that at least it wasn't her draw arm. Bloody hell. What next? Oh wait. I've literally fallen into a fairy tale. Just wonderful. What have you gotten yourself into now girl? "You couldn't just let me stay dead could ya?" Jan yelled indignantly to the heavens. A/N: OOoooo! Cliffhanger! Or should that be branch-hanger? More to come soon! Our poor girl just can't get a break can she?