extra clothes in my backpack. All thoughts of clothes left my mind when the blindfold was removed. Blinking several times and looking away from the bright flames, I shook my head and glanced at my surroundings. Various pairs of silvery blue, green blue, bright blue and stormy blue eyes looked back into my light brown ones. Various manes of silvery blonde, golden blonde and even a bright yellow blonde wisped around the pale complexions of the most beautiful men I've ever seen before in my vast 18 and a half years of living. They were all tall and lean, but I had no doubt in my mind that they were strong as hell. And, they didn't smell! I mean, usually men who travel together in the wilderness smell, right? "Here." The familiar sound of my Blonde leader Buddy's voice filled my ears and I had to actually put my names to the face. Admittedly, I don't remember how he looked when we first met. That and I never got a look at any of them until now. My eyes widened at the beauty my snappy friend held! Holy crabs! "Er, thank you. Oh! And are you a model…because you look like one. You all do!" they all gave me confused looks. I didn't know why, until I looked at their clothing. Legging, tunics, high boots, and cloaks… "Talk about men in tights…" I grumbled under my breath. That wasn't even the strangest part! The craziest part was their ears! They were pointed! "I get it now! You guys are cosplaying!" I took a bite of this weird bread stuff…my mom needs to find this recipe… "What is that?" one of the cosplayers asked. "Man you guys are really good. Maybe you're not models…but rather actors. What movie are you guys practicing for?" I took another bite. Crap, this is good. Popping grapes in my mouth, I looked up for a response, but instead I got them all looking at each other and speaking softly in Spanish to each other. There were looks of genuine confusion plastered on their perfect looking faces. "Girl, we aren't "cosplayers" or "actors" or "models"…we're Elves. Guards of Lothlorien." I'm pretty sure that was Rumil, I recognize the voice. "No, Elves don't exist." I laughed quietly and bit into pieces of dried fruits. "Well we exist, don't we? You are speaking with us, are you not?" My friend asked. "Yeah, but I bet this is a dream. Or a nightmare…I haven't decided that yet." I chewed more of the bread. He glanced at the other and slowly stated, "What happened before the Orcs and Urak-hai chased you?" "Huh, I don't even know! So I was hiking and I saw this, like, well from a million years ago. Uh, my dad and I had just gotten into this really big fight because he found out that I declined the offer that his 'dream for me' college had sent me. I wanted to go to Boston University. The fight had me shaken up so I was crying, and my tears fell into the well, which was filled with leaf covered water, but the weird part was I thought I heard someone calling for help. I called down and then this creepy voice started freaking out about his "Precious" I leaned over the edge of the well a little too far and saw my reflection in the water. I must have been hallucinating because I saw this crazy alien looking dude behind me. When I turned to look, I lost my footing and fell in." I paused to breath. "I guess I hit my head on the fall because I don't remember hitting the water. I only remember waking up to find those zombies a few feet away eating a baby deer. I screamed at them to stop and that's when they noticed me. I ran from them because they charged me, then I tripped and fell in mud, hid under those roots, and then you know the rest." An eerie silence followed my monologue, but my buddy broke it offering me water. Thanking him, I slowly drank from the skin covered flask, and then said, "Oh, by the way, my name isn't 'girl', its Anastasia. I know it's a mouthful, so some people call me by my middle name, which is Lacey. Either one works for me." "Those are unusual names. But I am not surprised, because you-," "Because I'm strange, blah, blah, blah. I know!" I sighed, flashing my friend a smile. He huffed and said, "Well my name is-," "Rapist!" I inserted. "No. It is-," "Pedophile!" a few Elves hid their laughs. "Silence. It is Ha-," "Child…Molester!" I squealed when he grabbed at me. "It's Haldir. I'm the March warden of Lorien." "Oh! Cool name! Well allow me to fully introduce myself!" I hefted myself up and bowed slightly, "I am Anastasia Lacey Zhivanevskaya. Yeah, it's long and weird…but I'm Russian. I just don't speak with the weird accent I was born with." "'Tis a very interesting name. Come, you should sleep, my plans of reaching the Lord and Lady this night did not seem to work. By afternoon tomorrow, we will be in the presence of-," "Greatness?" I asked, cocking a brow. "Sure." After much arguing, and me losing, I was tied to a tree and given a cloak for warmth. I curled into the fetal position and replayed today's events. I came to these conclusions: one, I'm far from home. Two, I miss my parents. Three, I met zomb-I mean Orcs and Urak-hair, and Elves today…and they were real. Xxxxx That was really fun writing! I know this wasn't funny, but it will be soon enough! I'm putting a link of Anastasia on my profile…I know, I know, you'll have to do a little extra if you want to see it. Highlight it, search it, blah, blah, blah…deal! OH! I DON'T OWN THE POEMS, QUOTES, OR SONGS I USED! READ AND REVIEW! LOVE YOU!