my locket. They gave me the slippers and I swallowed in distaste when I saw them. When they turned around I shoved the slippers under the bed and hid my bare foots under the gown. They walked to me after looking like they decided something in a different language. For the first time it occurred to me that maybe the two others maids didn't know my language that's why Láthien said everything. I decided the locket with my family pictures had to wait. They practically shoved me to the door. Merenwen left and went to the other side of hallway. While I was guided to what I assumed Lady Galadriel. ''Now, what you should know is that the Lady expects you to behave, be formal give her a compliment and call her Lady.'' Láthien talked me to the rules one more time before we walked on a series of stairs and I think I imagined it, but it looked like I was in a huge tree. She pushed me into a room. I heard Láthien footsteps disappear and swallowed. I was nervous, I realized when I saw my fingers latched in each other. ''Fear not Elenya Hunter. There is nothing to worry, I imagine you have a lot of questions have you not?'' The voice that was soft and sounded like bells, but held power sounded through the room. There was a bright light and that's when I saw her. This woman made even my mother pale in compromising. Her hair was in waves and more golden than I had ever seen. ''How do you know my name Lady Galadriel?'' It was the first thing to notice after I was done gawking at her shamelessly. Because if I thought correctly I had given my nickname to the maids. The sounds of tinkling bells filled my ears. ''I have long awaited your arrival.'' And yet again there were riddles. I just wanted some answers, why was I here? Where was here? Who is she? What am I? questions were popping like popcorn in the microwave. I had tried my best to stay calm the whole time I was close to the brink of panic. ''Let me tell you a story pin Garaf .'' I felt insulted and wanted to speak my mind like I always did. She shushed me like she knew that I was going to say something it was kinda creepy. ''Long ago there was an elf an elleth that had just delivered a baby, a girl with the golden hair of her dad that was fighting in war. Not even two weeks later they got a message, her husband had been lost in war. She wanted to another world, where you can't die of grief. Because she wanted to be there for her baby, she begged me. I searched with help for something and a year later I had it. There was a magic spell for a portal to another world. When she would go there she would to powers of her elven body. She would look the same, she would speak the same, she would have the same hobby's. She wouldn't have her elven ears or eyes, not her enteral body. She chose to go, with her baby she went. Once in the 600 years I can open that portal. While in your world not even a year passes. Your mother was the daughter of the baby that went. She had her own adventure here a long time ago, but went back for the love of her life. No matter how much you hate it you will be in this world for 600 years.'' I was shocked and I felt paralyzed. My mother? She had her own adventure? Yet I wanted more answers, I wanted to know more. Galadriel smiled at me I sight to be seen I say and spoke again. ''You are different, your mother was here so she could make a choice to go back or stay here, you however are different. There is a prophecy about you, one that is needed in these lands. You know it when it is time.'' No answers, again. But it helped, it worked. She walked to me and the light followed, she stood behind me and had something in her hand, but I couldn't see it properly. She put it around my neck and her fingers were clicking something together. It took me long to realize it was my locket. It was golden with the carvings of a bird about to spread her wings. She didn't how thankful I was, this was my most treasured thing I had here if I couldn't see my family for 600 years. Wait, did that mean I don't age? There was a sound of soft tingling bells again, that brought me out my trance. ''There is a lot for you to learn. You have to learn elvish, fighting, dancing, singing and everything the elvish ways. You will stay here until your training is complete, in the meantime I will tell you all about your elvish body.'' She was moving to the door. ''Wait!'' She stopped immediately and I was reminded that I didn't have to speak so loud. ''How long was I asleep?'' She looked back at me with a small smile. ''9 days, you were deaf the first three ones and the second three you were blind.'' What about the rest I wanted to say, but before it came out of my mouth she turned again. ''The last three days, you were getting accustomed to your new ears and eyes, and that burns I can say; you were thrashing and turning the whole time .'' She spoke in my mind, I must be going crazy I said to myself and followed after her while a soft tingling of bells were heard in front of me again. Hope you like it! Next is the council in Rivendell! Leave a review please xx xXJuuLXx Elvish words used: Pin Garaf – Little Wolf