footsteps run towards our door. Aragorn pulled out his sword and stood ready while he pushed me back with the Halfling. "I honestly cannot believe you think I cannot defend myself." I said shocked that he pushed me back. I was starting to doubt he knew who I was again. "Give him back, or I'll have you!" The big Halfling yelled, barging through the door- his fists raised aggressively, while the other two red haired hobbits held- a candle (… Clearly they haven't been out of the Shire) and a stool. I was quivering in my boots. Please note my sarcasm. "You have a stout heart Master Hobbit." Aragorn said, sheathing his sword. "However foolish it is." I added and sat at the window sill. Aragorn threw me the 'Shut-up' look. I rolled my eyes and waited. "Who are you?" The Halfling with big blue eyes asked, his voice quivering. "I am known as Strider. I know why you have come here." Aragorn said. I stared at Aragorn, this seemed like a 'secret' quest- why was he subjecting me to it? Was I not a threat? I grew more annoyed with Aragorn and his doubtfulness of my skills. "How do we know we can trust you?" The one with big blue eyes asked. "Gandalf is not coming. I am here instead. Come Frodo, you are being hunted, we do not have much time." Aragorn said, walking to the door, and opening it- gesturing for the Halflings to get out. "How do you know my name?" Big blue eyes asked. Aragorn just retorted with a, "I know many things," and waited for them to get out. They hesitated but seemed to trust the ranger because he knew Gandalf. The hobbits left the room and Aragorn jutted his head at me to get out as well. "This seems to be a… secretive quest you are on. Why do you subject me to it? Because I am no threat? Is that what you think?" I asked annoyed. Aragorn sighed and motioned for the Halflings to halt. He kept the door open to keep an eye on them and took a step towards me. "You may be able to redeem your soul-less ways, if you help me. I have seen your skills- they are unlike anything I have ever seen. Come with me, and I can help you draw the darkness from your soul." Aragorn said. The Halflings stared at me. I growled at the ranger and walked past him. After a minute, the ranger came out and told us to go. Aragorn led us out of the Prancing Pony and into an Inn opposite from it. I didn't know what was hunting the Halflings, but it seemed serious as Aragorn was slightly irked. The new inn we entered was much less crowded and already dark with sleeping customers. Aragorn ordered one room with plenty beds and we were led up dark wooden stairs and into the first room on the right. It was a large room with a window pane that stretched across the far wall looking across to the Prancing Pony, where we had last been. In fact, we could look into the same room. "Sleep young Hobbits, you must save your strength." Aragorn said quietly, keeping the candles before the beds lit, but away from the windows. Aragorn sat in a wooden chair just next to the windows. The Hobbits lay in four of the five beds and tucked themselves in. "I am Frodo… of the Shire." The big blue eyed Halfling said to me. I raised an eyebrow. "I am Merry, this is Pippin, and that is Sam." The one named Merry spoke, pointing to each Halfling he mentioned. I crossed my arms over my chest. "Hm." I grunted. Aragorn was watching me. "She is Eva." Aragorn said for me. I sat on the fifth bed, across from Merry, beside Pippin. Sam and Frodo were on either side of Merry. I was closest to Aragorn, much to my dismay. Frodo and Sam seemed to understand I wasn't much of a social being, but the other two Halflings did not seem to. "Where are you from?" Pippin asked me, his eyes curious. I glared down at him. "Listen Halfling, I will-" Again, my favorite person in Middle-Earth, interrupted me. "She is from far away." Aragorn said, throwing me a look. I grunted. "Hobbits. We prefer to be called Hobbits!" Merry chided. I grit my teeth. "And she will remember that from now on." Aragorn said smoothly. I glared at Aragorn and he held a hand up and looked at me meaningfully. He wanted me to calm down. I wanted to kill him. "You should all rest." He said, mainly staring at me. I stood and walked over to him, as the HOBBITS lay down to sleep. "What of you?" I asked quietly. "The assassin is worried for her prey?" Aragorn asked quietly so the HOBBITS wouldn't hear and stared out the frozen window. I glared. "No. Nevermind." I growled and went back to the bed. I pulled off my wet cloak, put two of my disposable daggers on the floor by my boots, then lay down and pulled the fluffy blanket over myself. I looked over at Aragorn. I wondered if he knew… that… I missed him on purpose when I threw the dagger at him. A/N: Okay, so that's chapter one- there is a lot more coming, and I just want to say THIS IS CALLED FANFICTION for a reason- so I hope you die-hard LOTR fans understand that there are some altercations in the story, I'm writing this my way, and if anyone feels the need to vent about how wrong I am or how Mary-Sue blah blah, just know I don't care and I won't read it. Not to sound mean or sensitive, I just want people to know this is my story. So I hope you enjoyed it and I would love to have some feedback. REVIEW!