I could only muster a prayer, when we were told our friends were dead... Tears are lost..." Legolas hung his head low. "Those were all things we could not control..." Aragorn began, but he silenced himself when he saw the elfs' shoulders tremble. "Legolas..." "I could have saved them..." the blonde whispered. "Them? There was no way you could have saved Boromir nor Gandalf, " "Not them!" Legolas interupted. "At Helms deep, if only I had brought down the berserker sooner, if I had stopped him, then the wall would not have been breached" Aragorn finally understood. "You did everything you could, no one would have done any better" the ranger whispered. The Elf lowered his head. "All those men and elves, are dead, because I was incapable, I'm one of the most reknowned archers in Mirkwood, and I couldn't fell the beast" Legolas' shoulders sagged, Aragorn knelt before the Elf and placed his hands on his knees. "Well it seems two walls have breached" Aragorn spoke, lifting Legolas head up, he gasped as he saw two tears trickle down the elfs' face. The tiny droplets glistened in the torchlight as they glided down smooth cheeks, only to be caught by Aragorns' thumb. "Even your tears are beautiful" the range whispered, Legolas was silent, confusion in his eyes. He raised a delicate hand to catch a drop, and he just stared at it. "I shame the lives that were lost" the elf hissed as he wiped at his eyes. "No" Aragorn smiled softly, gripping the blondes' wrists. "Your tears are rare and few, let them be a blessing for the souls, so that they may find their way to peace" Aragorns' eyes were gentle, his expression soft as he slipped his hands to hold Legolas' own. Legolas gave a small smile, his deep blue eyes still moist. "I am grateful for your kindness, Mellon..." The Elf sighed as he made his way up, the ranger was quick to stand also. "Is that all that troubles you?" Aragorn questioned. "Yes, why do you ask?" Legolas returned, he tried to walk past the ranger, but the dark haired man had him rooted in place with his bright gaze. "Before helms deep, I saw in your eyes such sorrow, as if you lost all hope" Aragorn replied, searching for any reaction on the flawless face. "It is nothing that can be changed" Legolas resorted, he straightened his back, making himself the same height as the man, his gaze was hard. "Surely there must be something I can do for you... Is it something that I have done?" the ranger was met with no reply, except for a turn of the blondes head. "It is? Whatever I have done, please let me help" Aragorn urged. "You cannot help" Legolas sniped, he tried to push past again, brushing his shoulder with the rangers, he strolled for the door. "What is it that I have done, to cause you pain?" Aragorn called after his friend, the Elf stopped at the door, his hand hovering over the handle, and then he glanced over his shoulder, looking back at the ranger. "You fell in love... With Arwen" he whispered the she elfs' name, but the future King heard it, and in a burst of speed, the dark haired man rushed towards the elf, surprising the blonde as he was spun round and held against the door. "My love ails you?" Legolas nodded, ashamed that he let his feelings be known. "You will forever love her... I... I only wished I had the same love" "I do love her... but, it was only a whisper of a dream that we would be together, a whisper that soon faded into nothing" Aragorns' voice was low, husky even as he brought his face mere inches away from the blondes. "But... she loved you" Legolas whimpered. "Yes, and it would have been cruel, to have her give up her immortality, to live a life with a man, whose heart belonged to someone else" deep blue eyes widened in shock, but then a sad smile crept on his lips, his eyes became downcast. "So it is Lady Eowyn, who has won your affections" This time it was Aragons' turn to be confused. "Eowyn?" "I see the look of longing in her eyes, the smiles she gives you" Legolas was ready to flee, he had, had enough, his heart no longer could take the pain. "It is not her, to which my heart belongs to" "Then who..." legolas was cut off, when rough yet gentle lips crashed upon his own, the kiss started out soft and slow, but as the shock faded away, the elf recooperated, and pushed back, making the kiss more loving as the lips swept over one another. Aragorn lapped at Legolas' bottom lip, earning a gasp of shock, which he took as a chance to dive in. The elf moaned, he gripped at the mans' tunic, pulling him closer. Tongues fought for dominance, moans and gasps intensifying the kiss. The pair pulled away, both panting, Legolas now sported a beautiful, light pink blush that painted his cheeks. But that was not all... Aragorn tilted his head, a bright smile spreading. "Now these tears... I wouldn't mind seeing more off" he whispered. "My tears?" Legolas repeated, indeed a trickle of tears had begun to travel down his face. "Yes, these tears are not of sorrow or pain..." Aragorn started, placing light kisses all over the elfs' face. "But of joy, and these are the ones that we shall cherish the most... My love" And the two joined together again, kissing passionately, expressing their love, for now, the Elf prince, finally had his ranger. And from then on, the tears of the elf were a precious thing for the ranger, for it was only around him, would the elf let these tears flow. Au: so what do you think? My first and probably only Lord of the rings fanfic... R&R please =]