couple of the actors across the room were already trading lines back and forth, laughing like this was the easiest thing. Finally Natalie saw her first pink highlighted line – "I think I'll just have another ale." What kind of character was she reading for? Natalie eyed the packet with new apprehension. She took a deep breath, preparing herself for what was to come. She could do this… she could, she could. At least, she couldn't bail now – she had already said she would do it. She could do it, she could. It was just for today, after all. XXX XXX Clutching the packet of script in front of her face like a shield, Natalie pretended to read along with the actors. What she really was doing was having a mini freak-out inside of her head. Her line was coming up. Natalie marveled at how easy the actors around her made it seem to actually become their character. How on Earth was she, the girl that was too shy to even be a chorus member in the participation-is-not-a-choice fifth grade play, supposed to do this? How was she supposed to say this line in the right spot, with the right timing? How was she supposed to get all the words in the right order? How was she supposed to speak loudly enough that everybody would be able to hear her? What would happen if she opened up her mouth and nothing came out? Natalie didn't think she'd ever been more nervous in her entire life. Calm down , she told herself. You're going to give yourself a panic attack. Natalie sucked in her breath and tried to focus on the story. She found that following along was much harder than she had ever anticipated. So many names, so many new places were mentioned. They all sounded weird, too, as if the man who created all this – Tok… no, Tol… oh, she didn't remember – wanted the reader to be as confused as possible. Lily's entrance was during the party dance. Before she knew it, she was saying the lines. "Come on, Lily! Dance with me!" Elijah, the dark-haired boy seated next to her, said, a smile on his face. He's enjoying this , Natalie thought bewilderedly. "I think I'll just have another ale…" Natalie quickly said, releasing a sigh she didn't know she'd held in. She'd done it! Said her first line! And she hadn't completely screwed it up! Natalie didn't have time to bask in delight, though, as more highlighted lines were approaching. "Oh, no you don't. Come on!" As the people around her advanced through the thick-as-a-dictionary script, Natalie settled back into her chair as she became more and more wrapped up in the tale unfolding before her eyes. It was starting to make more sense now, as long as she could block out the weird names. Some of her apprehension began to disappear. Maybe this wouldn't be so hard… The next lines with the word 'Lily' in front of them would have made Natalie laugh out loud if she had not been so caught up in the drama unfolding all around her. Even though it was so cliché, the change in her was truly magical. For some reason, it felt like she belonged… that she was finally in a place that she understood. Natalie could hardly figure it out, as she had only said one line so far – and badly, at that – but she felt as if this was what she was supposed to do, that this was the nook she was made to fit into. Ian McKenzie, the man who played Gandalf, acted like he held a staff in his hands. He then rapped the invisible staff in Natalie's direction. "Oofff!" Natalie yelped as Ian pretended to drag her up out of a window. "Confound it all, Lily Proudfoot! Have you been eavesdropping?" he asked her. "I haven't dropped no eaves, sir, honest. I was just cutting the grass under the window there, if you follow me," Natalie replied, breathlessly. Still going on the feeling she was getting, Natalie embraced acting… she was starting to get the hang of it, too, much to her surprise. She could just imagine how scared Lily would have been feeling. "A little late for trimming the verge, don't you think?" Ian said, and they carried on through the scene. XXX XXX A couple of hours later, they were through the booklets, all the way up to the Council of Elrond – half-way through the first film. "Well, I think we got quite a bit accomplished, don't you?" Peter asked the group after they had finished with Pippin's memorable line ("Great! Where are we going?"). Murmurs of agreement and nodded heads answered Peter's question before people started to leave the basement. But faces turned in the direction of Fran's voice when she yelled the reminder "Same place, same time, tomorrow!" after them. Natalie stood up to leave, but Fran stopped her. "In case we still haven't heard from Kelly by tomorrow, can I call you?" she asked. "I'm starting to get worried about her... anyways, just in case, I'd like to know that we'd have a back up. Are you free tomorrow?" Natalie bit her lip, thinking back on the read-through. It was the scariest thing she had ever done, but she couldn't help but admit that a little part of her had enjoyed it. "Sure, I guess that's alright." She only had one morning class tomorrow. "I'm sure we'll hear from Kelly – maybe her plane was delayed or something," Fran said. "So don't worry about it. The next time you hear from me will probably be asking you to babysit! Thanks again, for filling in last minute – you really saved us today." A/N: To comply with 's rules, I have not used the names of any real people. That is why all the actors have new names - I hope that works for everyone!