quickly silenced them. He dropped from his horse to stand beside her. "What is your name, elf-girl?" he asked her. "Tuthir, daughter of Tuinaer," she replied hotly, wishing he would not belittle her. Her mind was still in confusion. She needed to report back to the station and warn the people of Edhellond of the rise of the Wrainriders and their alliance with the wood-wrights of the forest. If war was upon them, they would need to prepare. "Take care, Tuthir. The next time you point an arrow at my head, I shall be less forgiving," he sneered and then turned away from her. "Dress this maiden's wounds and attend to the other. We make for Edhellond, tonight," And those we his final words to her. The journey back was uncomfortable. Belrian could barely talk but color had begun to return to his skin and she was glad that he was not to seriously injured. She had not been told who the leader of the company was but it appeared that the elves seemed amused by her ignorance so she ignored them all the same and remained silent, observing their ways. Their swords spoke of the Blue Mountains of Ered Luin and Tuthir wondered how far they had travelled and if so what their purpose was. The elf-leader who had spoken to her before, seemed confident enough that he was expected in Edhellond but she had not been told Edhellond was expecting a company this large and so heavily armed. When they approached the Southern gates of Edhellond in the long hours of the morning, the two elven warriors flanking the so-called elf-leader sounded their horns quietly. Belrian, wrapped in blankets and attended to by two healers, was still unconscious. She swept her eyes down the length of his body to where bloodied cloth was pressed into his side. Wainriders , Tuthir thought exasperated. She had only heard her father's stories of them, fearsome riders on black chariots, minions of Mordor. The very name gave her chills. To her surprise, the gates of Edhellond swung open slowly revealing the long, winding path up onto the shining city of the Southern Haven. The lights of the summer festival had gone out and the streets were silent as the small battalion of the elf-lord's army rode with haste towards the House of Calaeron, Light of the Sea. Had the elf been right? Were they really expected? Belrian, one of the ten Wardens of Edhellond, surely should have known. They would have alerted the Silver Guard and all its members, they would have secured a path. We were given orders to pair together, as a precaution , Belrian has told her. Could that have been the order? Tuthir eyed the elf-leader, unsure of whether she should trust him. He and his men had saved her life, true enough, but she had led him straight to the gates. What if they were allies of the Wainriders, sent to gain the Southern Haven's trust? What had the Wainriders to do with the elves? It was the Dunedain people they had sworn to hate. The House of Calaeron was lit and as they rode into the courtyard, Tuthir saw that the Council of Eldars stood solemnly in a line, holding lanterns. To the side of them, General Aeon stood by the two Captains of the Silver Guard and then the Head himself, her father. The elf-leader rode up to her father, his face a mask of stone. "Welcome to the City of Edhellond, son of Talphen the Lord of Edhelion," Her father spoke. "Master Talagan Silvertounge," Tuthir froze, son of the Lord of Edhelion? As Tuthir stared, horrified by her ill will towards the pure-blooded Sindarin, the elf-leader—Master Talagan Silvertounge—sat a little taller on his horse. When he dismounted, he made a point of catching her eye and grinning. "I believe I have something of yours, Tuinaer," He nodded towards his men and they led Tuthir's horse towards the front. She watched as her father's face slowly lost its palatable hue. "Tuthir!" He exclaimed, rushing towards her. "What is this?" He helped her off her horse, reaching towards her forehead. Master Talagan clicked his tongue and Belrian's horse came forward and there was a cry of outrage as the Eldars took in his condition. "They were attacked by men on chariots and when we came upon them, they were near death. My men killed as many as we could but they fled north into the mountains. I fear your lands are not as safe as they once were," Master Silvertounge said with a hint of mockery in his angelic voice. Tuinaer said nothing and instead ordered several gaurds standing nearby to help her and Belrian to the Infirmarary. "Wainriders, father, they have returned to the realm of Gondor bearing the sigil of the white scavenger" Tuthir said to her father, gripping his arm as she passed by him. Several Elders besides her father twittered with anger and alarm. "Tuthir, please, we will speak in the morning. For now, you need rest" Her father pleaded with her quietly. "I quite agree, the young maiden needs rest. Such matters I have come to discuss and not suited for the uninformed," Master Silvertongue spoke with a voice of silk. "Of course, Master Silvertongue, Elders of the Council, General Aeon, let us move to the halls of Calaeron. I do hope your journey was not as troublesome as your arrival," Her father led Master Talagan and a few of his companions inside the Great Hall and the Council followed. "My Lady, you must follow us. You're wounds are bleeding," The guard told her, holding his hand out for her. Tuthir watched the gilded doors shut with disbelief. How quickly her own father had dismissed her claim! And what was the purpose of the Master Silvertongue's visit to Edhelion? "Don't call me "My Lady"," She said to the guard, her eyes cold and her voice like razors. "I am not one,"