surviving. It was with torturous detail that she watched him fall. She managed to tare her eyes away, and look out at the field of death that stretched out before her before the blow struck. She didn't want to see that, she knew if she did, she would faint... and whatever time she had left to spend with him would be wasted. When she looked back (which she did not do without an agonizing amount of difficulty), he had fallen like a stone to the blood-spattered ground at her feet. She hurriedly dropped to her badly skinned knees beside him. He was alive, but the fact gave her little joy, for it was clear he did not have long. She placed her little hand in his, feeling the warmth of life leave his skin with awful speed. He looked slowly up at her. It was clear from the sadness, and even something resembling an accepting calm, on his fast paling face that he knew what would become of him, and had excepted it. "Don't forget me." She tried to speak around the suffocating sobs that rose in her throat, but the words came out jaunty and whispered. "Never. How could I?" "But, all the same, you must promise me to live a happy life... Lock your memories of me away, so that they do not hinder your joy." "I won't lock up my memories... when I think of you, I will remember the happiness you brought me. They will not hinder my joy, but heal it." "I love you." they were his dying words. The orcs around them showed mercy to none. They slaughtered any human they saw with no conscience to stop them. No acceptions were made for the distraught woman and the dying man in her arms. Faelwen was so isolated by her love and grief that the world around her blurred and ceased to exist in her weeping eyes. She never even noticed when she was struck down. XXX Aragorn had known all along how minuscule their chances of victory were. He had done his best to console the men just before the battle, saying they would out last the force from Isengard. But he had never even believed his own comforting lies. To have won the battle for Helm's Deep had been the answer to all but his most desperately fervent prayers. And yet, he could not feel relieved or happy. This field he stood on was not one of triumph, but one of death. The fallen Rohirrim lay scattered on the stone floor of the fortress, serving as grim reminders of the human sacrifices that would have to be made if they were to win the War of the Ring. He struggled with uneasiness as he and his companions miserably gazed at the human corpses, taking account of the losses. He stopped in his dismal stride when he came across a body he recognized -yet another. "Hama, the king's guard," he remarked to Legolas, who stood over the remains of another unfortunate soul lost in battle, a few yards away. As the elf slowly came over to join him, Aragorn perceived an age old sadness in his sea blue eyes. Legolas had lived far longer than he and therefore seemed to have a much sharper comprehension of grief. This, it appeared, only made the pain for him more immense. Aragorn did not know what to say. "That is a grievous shame," Legolas said softly, "but who is that?".He gestured towards body sprawled directly next to the one in discussion. Whoever this man (for of course they couldn't help but think Faelwen was a man) had been, he had been quite slender, almost femininely so. His hair had been blonde, hinted with dark yellow, as was common in Rohan. Said yellow hair covered his face, making identifying him impossible for the present. Eomer approached them from behind. Out of the trio who now stood over the two bodies, it was he who suffered most. He had known an overwhelming amount of the dead he had taken account for. His friends' and relatives' mangled forms littered the ground. He knelt beside Hama and the other elusive body. He brushed her hair aside and gazed her stone still face for a moment. Then, he stood up and murmured, "She is Faelwen. A handmaiden of Eowyn's." Aragorn, Legolas, and Eomer soon moved forlornly on to see which other friends and allies had been lost in the devastating sweep of death that had overcome them the previous night. Seemingly, none of them had enough remorse to spare a decent measure for the doomed lovers. They had sadly seen far too many doomed souls to give enough sorrow for any of them. Hama and Faelwen lay where they had fallen. Their stillness never again stirred by any breath or heartbeat. Their blood mingled and stained the ground, gradually cooling, as the memory of the two of them faded from the minds of their loved ones. She would rather have died than be parted from him. She was granted that wish. That night, the clouds wept tears of rain for the valiant guard who gave his life for the people he cared for. And the wind wailed a requiem for the handmaiden who chose to die rather than see her lover fall alone. I'm sorry if this was confusing. I'm sorry if it was way too long. I'm sorry if it was boring enough to put you to sleep. I'm sorry I couldn't squeeze Gimli in there somewhere. I'm sorry if it was worth flaming on multiple levels. I'm sorry that I over used words like 'devastating' and 'companion'. I'm sorry if Hama and Faelwen seemed like Romeo and Juliet wannabes. I'm sorry if they seemed like Rose and Jack wannabes (from Titanic ). I'm sorry about the absence of accent marks. I'm sorry my grammar is horrendous. I'm sorry if I misspelled Tolkien words such as Rohirrim and Isengard. Please review.