there." Boromir grinned sheepishly. "Many apologies, Master Brandybuck," he chuckled softly. "This snake is heading off to sleep as well, so you need not worry further." The sun had not yet cleared the horizon. A thin shroud of mist hung silently over the dampened ground, shimmering eerily in the blue light of dawn. A soft sigh feathered through the lips of Meriadoc Brandybuck, though it seemed muffled by the uncanny silence of the riverbank. The Hobbit pried a small stone from the rock-encrusted shore and turned it disconsolately in his fingers. Merry had relieved Aragorn of his watch a while ago, and had sat by himself on the riverbank. Within the hour, the remainder of the camp would waken. Were they bound for Gondor, Merry wondered silently, or Mordor? He had heard whispered arguments between the Fellowship's warriors for several nights. Boromir was, of course, in favor of Minas Tirith, and Aragorn for Mordor, but Merry could not quite tell where the others stood. As for he, himself… He really hadn't the faintest idea. A part of him longed to reach the comfort of a bed and the safety of a house once more, but something else entirely had decided that a straight course would most likely be the wiser of the two. ' Well, ' he mused, ' I suppose we'll have to decide before we row ourselves right off the edge of the falls. ' Drawing back his arm, he cast the pebble into the river. "Merry?" Pippin's voice, raspy with sleep, caused Merry to give a slight jump. "Pip? Why aren't you asleep still?" His cousin scrubbed at his eye with his fist. "Can't," he grumbled. "You're throwing rocks." The younger Halfling pulled his blanket tighter about his shoulders and blinked owlishly through the mist. There were pronounced circles beneath his eyes. Pippin gathered his blanket about himself and got to his feet, stifling a yawn. He seated himself beside Merry, and the two simply sat in comfortable silence. That had always been nice, Merry decided. If they felt no need to say anything, then they didn't. For all of his foolish antics and jokes, Pippin seemed able to sense when one wanted to be alone with his own thoughts. At times, the mere feeling of companionship was enough. At last, Merry took it upon himself to speak. A sliver of liquid gold had shown itself over the horizon. "We should prob'ly wake the others," he murmured. Groaning at his aching back, he hauled himself up and made his way to the first bundle of blankets. The mist began to lift as the sun rose, staining the barren landscape a rosy hue. It did not seem that any in the Company had slept particularly well, as the task of waking them was not difficult to accomplish. There was no wood left from the previous night, and Aragorn did not seem keen to start a fire. Merry supposed that it made sense, considering they often left almost immediately upon waking. And so, despite Sam's protests, all made do with dried venison and water. As so many of their days had both begun and ended, they sat in silence. Gimli chewed thoughtfully on a piece of waybread, watching his Elven companion's sinewy back as he pulled the oars. Legolas had been oddly quiet the past few nights. Quiet and watchful. While this would not usually have struck him as out of the ordinary, he had become quite adept at discerning the Wood Elf's moods. Gimli suppressed a snort. Imagine that. A Dwarf fathoming the mind of an Elf. What a strange place the world had become. However, irony aside, there was most certainly a tense atmosphere among the Company. In truth, it seemed to Gimli that they had begun to watch one another. They were only small, furtive glances, but they were there nonetheless. The Ring's whisperings were growing in the minds of the Fellowship. Something odd had been tugging at the back of the Dwarf's mind for some time; a strange dread. He could not seem to put a name to it, though he had tried. It seemed to him a fear that spoke of loss and of sundering. And yet he had been unable to pinpoint exactly what would be the source of such an anxiety. Lost in his thoughts, the Dwarf did not notice that Legolas had stowed the paddle in order to ride the current and turned toward him. "May I inquire as to the reason that you are attempting to stare a hole in my back?" The Elf lifted one brow, a wry smile upon his lips. "Try as you might, I do not think that is possible." "I figured it was worth a try," Gimli rumbled, shifting his position in the boat. "After all, I cannot see past you. I wondered what lay ahead." Legolas smirked and shook his head. "Forgive me, Master Dwarf. I will attempt to be more transparent from now on." He ran his hands absently over the smooth wood of the paddle, pausing to rub out a slight snag with his thumb. "As to what lies ahead, I do not think that you can discern that by looking ahead of me." In the boat ahead, Merry and Pippin had begun yet another friendly quarrel. Boromir threatened them with the oar as the boat rocked dangerously. "It seems to me that they are the only speck of light in this whole company," Gimli grunted fondly, tugging on his beard. "Or at least the only ones who will never intentionally harm another." Gimli shot the Elf a sharp glance. He had felt it as well, then. There was something beneath the surface… and he feared it. Something unnamed, something intangible, but it was there nonetheless. An unspoken menace, a tension. He could feel it as if it were in the very stones he walked upon. Two boats ahead, Frodo clutched his shirtfront, or perhaps something that lay beneath. End Chapter I.