lifted up his head, "Valar I missed you!" he found himself crying out. "I missed you too...but it's okay now." Aragorn reassured his hand coming up to cradle the side of the elf's face. He gently stroked his tear streaked face with his thumb. Finding himself relishing in his elvish beauty for a moment. Legolas felt the sweet wave of comfort and security wash over him at the feel of his ranger's caress. He couldn't resist in leaning into the soft touch, "We're together again...and I promise I will never leave you again." he promised sincerely. Aragorn stared back into the cerulean eyes that he loved so much, watching them gaze up at him with love and trust and adoration. Aragorn leaned down and kissed the elvish prince eagerly. He kissed him softly before he felt the all too familiar need to feel those soft luscious lips pressed against his own. Legolas replied by wrapping his arms around the Dunedain's neck. His eyes slipped closed as he allowed the half elf's tongue to slip past his lips, the muscle entered the moist cavern, eager to remap the area once again. Legolas moaned softly into the brunette's mouth, his legs shook slightly and began to feel like goo. Aragorn must have noticed because he wrapped a strong arm around the archer's slender waist. Pulling him flush against his slightly taller frame, his arm effectively held up the young elf's body. Legolas gasped softly when Aragorn finally drew back from his lips in need of air. The two panted out of breath, their hot huffs of breath colliding softly with the each others face. Legolas felt dazed and kept his eyes locked with Aragorn's. Anchoring himself down with his steady gaze. "Lord Elrond was wrong," Legolas said breathlessly. Aragorn looked down at the elf in question, "What do you mean?" Legolas smiled and just shook his head in reply, "It doesn't matter Aragorn..." he said. As far as he was concerned nothing mattered right now..all that mattered was that Aragorn was alive and they were together. Aragorn chuckled and moved his other arm around the archer's waist and rested his forehead against the blonde's. "Tell me," he urged giving the prince a small nudge in emphasis. Legolas closed his eyes briefly and let a contented sigh pass his lips, taking a moment to simply relish in the warmth that Aragorn provided him with. "Years ago...when we were together..my father and Lord Elrond started giving me these talks," he said softly keeping his eyes closed. Aragorn raised a slender brow, "Oh?" he asked. "What kind of talks?" he probed curiously. Legolas found himself moving his head so that he could nuzzle the ranger's hair in turn rubbing his cheek against the mans stubble. "Talk's about us...they always said I shouldn't stay with you." he admitted. Aragorn frowned gently, but instead of addressing the topic negatively and upsetting his elfing he merely untangled one of his arms from the elf's waist and began stroking the long curtain of golden hair. "They said it wouldn't last...because I am immortal and you are not," he said in an almost tired voice. Legolas rested his head on Aragorn's shoulder feeling more and more lulled in the embrace. "They said I wouldn't be able to handle it..when you left...that it would never turn out well." Aragorn found himself rocking back and forth which also seemed to lull the elf further. "But I never believed them Aragorn." Legolas added. Aragorn glanced down at the half asleep blonde elf, "You didn't?" he asked curiously. Legolas gave a contented murmur, "No...I love you, I couldn't believe them." Aragorn smiled softly and tightened his hold on him he kissed his head gently. "I love you too, my love," he replied. Legolas sighed never wanting to move from this spot, he could stay like this for the rest of eternity. Legolas really wished they didn't have a battle approaching them so they could stay like this, but he knew that was folly. "Legolas," Aragorn said softly. Legolas meanwhile was still quite entranced by all of the gentle touches and caresses his lover was bestowing upon him. The gentle rocking motion made him want to sleep, it made Legolas think of the times when he was a small elfing and his Ada would hold him and rock him like this. He associated these things with safety. Legolas gave a soft hum in response to the future king. "You seem rather sleepy do you not?" he asked chuckling lightly. Legolas was tired, he had had a restless night and now that Aragorn was back all he wanted to do was lay in his arms. Sleep peacefully without the worry of horrible nightmares plaguing his rest. Aragorn seemed to pick up on this when Legolas didn't respond, "Don't worry Legolas, rest, you have been through much and you should sleep." he cooed. He carefully lifted the near sleeping elvish prince from the ground and adjusted his featherlight body in his arms. Legolas's head now laid against the crook of Aragorn's neck. Legolas murmured something incoherent. "It's alright Legolas, sleep, I'll be here when you wake up," he promised. Legolas, comforted by the statement, obeyed and finally let himself fall into the welcoming darkness of sleep. Legolas found himself muttering something as he slipped into sleep. "Elrond was wrong...he kept-" Legolas stifled a yawn, "saying that because you were a mortal that...our love wouldn't last.." he muttered against Aragorn's neck. Legolas yawned again. "...But..I think that love in general...is immortal.." and with those words Legolas succumbed to sleep. Aragorn smiled as he made his way to the bed chambers. "Well put my love, well put." END Guys...yep..it's happened...I'VE CHANGED SERIES! Yeah i know i had a whole bunch of crap hapene and realized ..well i had to change finally made myself write and correct this crap! I hope it's good note i just started these and..well...im liking it so please tell me how it is kay! REVIEW!