mountains, the fields and the rivers, all were terrorized by Sauron and his army of blood thirsty orcs, wargs and dragons. Meanwhile, Silas remained in Mordor, serving his father and aiding the orc chiefs as they prepared a great army. Sauron knew that a war would come one day, and after four years it finally did. A large army of men and elves marched into Mordor, ready to have battle at the foot of Mt. Doom. As the army of the free people approached, Silas was called to battle as well, and was stationed near the frontline. When the war began, Mordor's army charged down the mountain. Silas tried to as well, but it was as if his feet had become part of the ground; he would not budge! Was he afraid? Hundreds of orcs ran past him, but Silas stayed put and stared at the army of the free people. Something was different about them. The orcs of Mordor let out their battle cries and charged whole heartedly towards the opposing army, but something about the men and elves and the way they fought was appealing to Silas. But what was it? It was neither a technique of the sword nor a style of archery that impressed him, it was something that he could not name. Suddenly, his heart began to race and the urge to run hit him like an iron fist. Silas took off running but in the opposite direction of his army. He ran up the mountain as fast as his feet could carry him, but it didn't seem fast enough to Silas. He had to get away from the battle. He ran and ran and ran until he was a safe distance away. He continued to run until he came to the entrance to the dome. He nearly ran inside but stopped himself, pulling himself to the wall. His father was lurking inside and would surely be displeased to see his son fleeing his station. Silas thought quickly and took shelter behind a nearby boulder and from there he watched the battle unfold. For three long days the armies went at it. On the fourth morning, Mordor was dealt a major blow, one that could cost them the entire war. It was then that Sauron was summoned to battle. Once Sauron was at the front of the line, both armies ceased their fighting and everything stood still for several moments. Silas widened his gaze and drew a deep breath, wondering what would happen next. Sauron lifted his weapon and began to swing it at the men. But by the third swing, some mystic power had come to his weapon, and several men were hit by each swing. But one man saw fit to charge at the dark lord. It was the kind of Gondor. He lunged towards Sauron, who turned around and met the king with a deadly stroke of his weapon. The king flew into the air, his body as lifeless as a piece of clothe when it came to rest on the jagged rocks of the mountain. The king's son, Isildur, ran to his father's side but could provide no help to the old man; he was already dead. Sauron stepped towards Isildur as the man reached for his father's sword. But the dark lord crushed the blade with his mighty foot. Isildur seemed as helpless as his father, it seemed certain that the man would be the next to die, but what happened next was unthinkable! Isildur raised the broken blade of his father and swung it towards Sauron. The dark lord let out a wail that filled the entire land. Silas gasped as he saw the light from the ring of power fly into the air and land on the ground in front of Isildur. A strong wind began to blow towards Sauron, who was surrounded by a blinding silver light. Silas squinted to see, when suddenly everything went silent and still. An explosion sent the silver light from Sauron, across the entire land. Every warrior from both armies fell flat to the ground as a result of the light. It was carried in a powerful wind, and it came toward Silas quickly. He ducked behind the boulder and shielded his head just as the silver light passed him on either side of the rock. The force was so strong that he could feel it pass through the boulder and pound at his back, but in an instant the light and the wind was gone. Silas took a few moments to recover himself before peering back over the boulder. He felt his heart skip a beat as he saw his father's suit of armor lying on the ground in steaming ruins. Isildur, the new king of Gondor, was now holding the ring of power and it was not long before Lord Elrond of Rivendell came to Isildur's side. The man and the elf quickly began to climb up the mountain, but within their first ten steps, Isildur began to hear a voice coming from the ring. It was none other than Sauron's. The dark lord was working inside of Isildur's mind. Men were so easy to corrupt that by time the man and elf entered the dome of the mountain, Sauron had already poisoned the king's mind. Silas crept towards the doorway and peered inside in time to see Isildur begin his grand exit. Silas quickly shifted, and pressed his back into the wall as forcefully as he could. Between the frame of the doorway and the smoke that circulated around, Isildur was unable to see Silas. Neither was Elrond, who exited the mountain soon after. Silas was left alone on the mountain. When the coast was clear he rose to his feet and entered the dome of the mountain. Already the intensity of Sauron's soul was building there. The fiery river below raged angrily, and the smoke circulated quickly. The dark lord was down, but he was far from out.