"You will be surprised at what you can do." Ricky gave a small nod. "Okay. 'Hobbits have been livin' - liv ing , and farming in da – the - Four Farthings of the Shire for many hundreds of years.'" Ricky's speech was slow and deliberate. A small smile came to his face when he heard he could say the words as they were meant to be said. "See?" said Bilbo. "Keep going." "'Quite content to ignore and be ignored by the woild, world , of the Big Folk. Middle Earth being, afta - after – aw – aw -." Ricky shook his head in frustration. "All," said Bilbo. "You can do it." "Awww," Ricky tried. "Look at my mouth," said Bilbo. "All." "Aw – all," Ricky finally said. "'After all, full of strange creatures beyond count. Hobbits must seem of little importance. Being neither renowned as great wa -warriors nor counted among the very wise. In fact, it has been remarked by some, that Hobbits awnly – only – passion is for food. A rather unfair observation as we have awso – also – developed a keen interest in the brewing of ales and the smoking of pipeweed. But where our hearts truly lie is in peace and quiet and good tilled earth, for all Hobbits share a love of things that grow.'" Bilbo was laughing. "I told you you could do it, Master Weiss, I told you." "T'ank you," Ricky said quietly. " Thank you." "It will take some time, but I am certain you can get it," said Bilbo, giving Ricky a pat on the back. Ricky flinched and stiffened. "Master Weiss?" Bilbo asked. "I don't like bein' touched," Ricky said quietly, tensing up. "I'm sorry, Master Weiss. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." "You can caw me Ricky," he said. He shook his head. "Like I said," Bilbo encouraged, "you'll get it." Ricky nodded. "Master Baggins," said an Elf. The two of them looked up and saw it was Lindir. Neither of them heard him approach. Ricky jumped and reached for something at his hip, but stopped himself. "Yes?" "Lady Arwen has returned and she has brought your young cousin with her," said Lindir. "Frodo? He's here?" Bilbo pushed himself off the bench. Ricky reached out to grab him if he fell, but made no move to touch him. Lindir stepped forward and took Bilbo's arm. "He arrived with a wound from a Morgul blade. Lord Elrond is healing him now." Bilbo was horrified. "Oh, no." Lindir led Bilbo to the healing halls, leaving Ricky by the bench. Aragorn and the other Hobbits arrived that night. The Hobbits had been taken to the guest chambers and were being fed, much to the delight of Merry and Pippin. Aragorn took the horses back to the stables along with Elladan and Elrohir. " A boy arrived with Gandalf? " Aragorn asked. The twins had told them that Gandalf had been delayed and had arrived in Rivendell at dawn, but they had not said anything about the strange boy who arrived with him. " Yes. He is certainly odd. " " And angry. " " His speech is strange. It is almost like another language. " " At first, we were unsure if he was speaking Westron. " " I am sure I will meet the boy soon enough, " said Aragorn. Above them, there was a noise in the loft. "Is someone there?" Elladan called up. There was more rustling in the loft and someone looked down at them, someone with a strange eye covering with clear glass. "What are you doing up there, Master Weiss?" asked Elladan. "I was sleepin'," replied Ricky tiredly. "In the stables?" asked Elrohir. "Our father provided you with a room." Ricky shook his head. "Couldn't sleep in it." He disappeared and they could hear straw shuffling. " Elladan, Elrohir, let me speak to the boy, " said Aragorn. The twins stabled their horses and left. Aragorn waited a few moments before climbing up the ladder to the loft. Some of the straw was piled up to make a small bed. The boy, Ricky, was curled up in a ball. "Master Weiss," Aragorn called softly. The boy jumped up with a small thin blade in his hand. Aragorn put his hands up in surrender. "Peace, child. I only wish to speak to you." "You nevah sleep eitha," grumbled Ricky. He folded up the blade and slipped it down his boot. "Who'a you and whadiya want?" "You may call me Strider and I wanted to meet you," said Aragorn. "My brothers told me about how you traveled with Gandalf." "Yo' brothas?" said Ricky. "Elladan and Elrohir." "Look nuthin' like you. And dere shouldn't have been much to tawk about." "They did tell me you gave Elrohir a bruise." "Dey'a twins. Had t' have a way t' tell them apart. And El'ohi' pissed me awf. He said I couldn't fight. Now Glo'findel wants t' give me propa lessons." Ricky rolled his eyes. Aragorn understood what Elladan and Elrohir meant by the boy speaking another language. It was nasally, almost whiny, but also forceful. His words sounded clumsy and uneducated and from what Aragorn heard of Ricky's actions, he was arrogant and ignorant, childish in fact. "Why did you come to sleep in the stables?" asked Aragorn. "'Cause I couldn't sleep in da bed," Ricky replied. "There are other, more comfortable places to sleep." Aragorn looked over the side of the loft. "Is it because of the horses? You wanted to see them?" Ricky didn't answer. "Do you like horses?" Aragorn pressed. "I like animals," Ricky replied quietly. "Dey don't judge. Dey don't care if yo' rich or po'. Dey don't care way yo' from. Dey don't care if yo' diffoirent. Dey don't judge." "Are you often judged?" Aragorn inquired. "Every single day." Aragorn was quiet for a minute. "I will leave you to sleep." He left the stables so Ricky could get some rest.