knowing that the fearful creatures of the night wouldn't dare approach her in fear of being tortured or killed by Sauron. She was his target and his alone. The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with weary feet, Until it joins some larger way, Where many paths and errands meet And whiter then? I cannot say The strange poem rattled through her mind although she could not remember where or when she'd heard it. Shaking off the thought she took one last glance toward Warlord who was happily grazing where she had left him. swinging her legs back over the edge of the cliff Blade stood and walked to her horse. "Get some rest, we've quite a trek in the morning '' The hunter whispered as she removed her saddle and bridle from the tall beast. Her standing at almost 6 foot and the beast at 7 he towered over her being the hunters equivalent of a Mearas, one of the lords of all horses .He was very rare and precious, she had acquired him from her brother almost twelve years ago. Both hunter and horse were eerily the same, they could perceive things that most couldn't and they were both equally as persevering. Flashback: " Léna,wake up', Leónthain whispered in his sister's ear, reaching over he snatched the blankets off his sister playfully. " What is it brother?'' she asked rather annoyed by the disturbance in her peaceful sleep and shivered at the new change in temperature. " Father has a gift for you'' León looked at her with a mysterious grin on his face. Léna's Ears perked at the sound of a whinny, letting her curiosity get the best of her she hastily leapt out of her warm bed and followed eagerly behind her brother. Her green eyes scanned the area and she noticed he had led her into a stone courtyard. Before her stood a Black scruffy horse with vibrant blue eyes. She had to blink a few times to make sure she wasn't dreaming. She briskly walked to the small colt for a moment starting the horse, his ears swivelled as he took in her scent and allowed her to run her small hands over him. " He's a Mearas?'' she enquired excitedly to her brother. "He is the Hunter's equivalent of a Mearas ' Leónthain confirmed and smiled widely. " Happy birthday little sister'' he smiled warmly. Léna grew suspicious as he father was nowhere to be seen her eyes grew in realisation. "He's not here" she searched her brothers blue eyes and glared at him with her piercing green ones. " He forgot didn't he?'' she said disappointedly as a frown grew on her face. " He…'' Leónthain tried to explain but he saw the tears form in her eyes and his heart dropped at the sight. " it's okay'' she held the tears at bay and her brother enveloped her in a tight hug he was at least a good 2 feet taller than her at the time, her head barely reaching his stomach. By the age of twelve she had finally given up on her drunken father who claimed he was on a quest from god to hunt evil creatures. He forced that life on both her and her brother after her Mother left them behind for a better life. After a while she parted from her brother wiping the tears from her face and softly spoke. " Wait here'' She ran up the stone stairs to her bed and rifled through her belongings until she found it, a silver pendant in the shape of a skull with a pair of wings that had tiny diamonds encrusted on them, it was hung on a braided black string. She smiled to herself and quickly descended the stairs to where her brother was waiting patiently. " Here I want you to have this'' she said as she held out her hand presenting the gift to her brother. He stared at her for a while wondering how she had acquired such a gift, Léna seemed to notice the confused expression that played on her brothers face. " I bought it for Father but I want you to have it instead' she added happily. '' Do not think low of him Léna he is simply out hunting, I'm sure when he returns he will shower you with wonderful gifts'' León comforted her but sounded as if her was trying to convince himself more than her. Eventually he took the gift and tied it to his neck, Léna studied the Mearas colt she remembered her brother telling her wondrous stories of the Mearas Shadowfax lord of war. " Warlord'' she thought out loud, catching her brother's attention as he looked at her questioning the sudden outburst. " I shall name him Warlord'' "Just promise me something" León's eyes saddened and he lowered himself to her height. "Anything brother" Léna said curiously. "I need you to promise me you won't grow up to be a hunter" his voice cracked slightly and he looked away to hide the tears that brimmed his eyes. Clearing his throat he placed his hands on his sister's shoulders and spoke. "You need to promise you won't turn out like me" "But it's what our family does, we save people" Léna spoke in disbelief and cocked her eyebrow in suspicion. "Sometimes in order to save people you have to kill some ,Léna. It changes you and not for the better" He looked down in shame. "I want you to live a long and happy life, Hunters don't get to be happy and they sure as hell don't die of old age" "I promise León, I swear I won't turn out to be a Hunter" Léna looked into his blue eyes and saw a glimmer of hope. "You make me proud, kid"