possible. And all the while, he stayed focused on her face, and she on his, each delighting in the other's responses. When a hand slipped lower, she let out a startled gasp and Gríma kissed the perfect 'o' of her mouth. Her head sunk into his shoulder, and she heard him fiddling with the clasp of his breeches with his free hand. When he had rid himself of their constraints, he placed a hand on her chest and pushed her gently downward, until she lay at his knees. The way he eyed her - his prize , she thought suddenly - should have frightened her, but Éowyn felt nothing but excitement, almost believing herself that it was only a dream, a thing of nighttime fancy. For surely the Gríma she knew in the daylight did not kiss so intoxicatingly, nor touch so perfectly. His tongue slipped out to lick his lips - lightly tinged with colour now - before he lowered himself to rest between her legs. "My will," he said again, pale eyes on hers. "My will, my lady, my... my Éowyn ..." The last word, her name, was uttered on a sigh as he eased himself into her, giving her time to adjust to the feeling of him within her. She whimpered slightly at the tone of his voice, low and growling. Slowly, he lowered himself to rest above her, catching her lips with his desperate fervour. She moaned into his mouth as he began his rhythm. Each sweet movement within her wrought a soft cry from her lips. Her hands explored the pale skin of Gríma, clawing, stroking. He was not as muscular or well-defined as most men of Rohan, but Éowyn found no fault with his imperfections, so entranced by his touch was she. She gripped his shoulders hard as he increased his speed, pumping into her with a frenzied need. She caught his lips messily, not caring for gentle affections now, making soft noises into his mouth as he replied in kind. "E- Éowyn," he stammered into her ear, his nose nestling in her hair. " My Éowyn." "Yours, Gríma," she breathed in reply. "I am yours." It was enough, those three words. With a choked groan, he stiffened above her and reached his peak, spilling her seed into her. Éowyn followed soon after, her arms holding him to her body as if to anchor her to the moment as her body spasmed and shuddered. Spent, he lowered himself and she felt his full weight upon her as he panted into her neck. Éowyn pressed her hand to the crown of his head, smoothing his slick hair back from his face. She placed a soft kiss upon his brow, marvelling at the very real blots of colour on his cheeks now. Slowly, after some time, Gríma drew himself upright and settled back on his haunches, regarding her oddly. "Once more I am brought to my knees before you, night-wraith," he said thoughtfully. "Only this time... I welcome it." Éowyn smiled at him, reaching for the cloak that lay around her and covering herself with it. "Then it is a good dream?" she asked quietly. She watched in silence as he redressed himself and passed her the gown he had so eagerly unwrapped her from. He shook his head, and muttered something in a language soft and melodious that she did not understand. "What do you whisper, Gríma?" A wry smile quirked his thin lips. "It is an Elvish poem I found some days ago. Roughly translated, it says the following: 'To dreams such every man is lost, In comfort, at the sharpest cost; Of waking lone and cold of morn, From dreams such every man is torn.' I merely thought it apt. It is still a cruel dream, my lady, for I shall wake alone with only the memory of this, the dream of what was not." Éowyn stood, covered once again in the thin nightgown and dark furred cloak. "But the memory is yours, is it not? It is a good memory." He nodded his head slowly. "It is a warm memory for the long nights." Moving forward, she pressed one last kiss to his thin lips, touched the pale skin of his cheek one last time. "Might that you dream of me more often, Gríma son of Gálmód." Gríma nudged closer and spoke against her kiss-reddened lips. "I will think on naught else, night-wraith." Éowyn dropped the black cloak from her shoulders, pressing it into his hands. Feeling Gríma's pale gaze on her, she left the dark corridor to return to her quarters, exhilarated by her deeds, feeling the invincibility of the dreamer, though her brain still whispered of her wakened state... She paid it no heed. Truly, thought Éowyn, Meduseld by night was a terrible, glorious place. Terrible, in its darkness, but all the more glorious for the unexpected light that shone through the darkest places. As she wrapped herself in the furs of her bed once again, her fears allayed for the night, she wondered if perhaps she did not run from shadows, but rather to them - for Gríma was surely the darkest shadow in Meduseld, but he was also her brightest light. A/N: D'aww. I wanted to write a creepy fic but Cupid wouldn't let me. Grima's 'Elvish' poem is a little ditty courtesy of yours truly, just a variation on Bilbo's Dúnadan poem for Aragorn ("Not all those who wander are lost...") because it's Valentines and there has to be a poem. I should work for Hallmark, I know. Such a wasted talent for crappy rhyming. The whole 'dream' idea is of course borrowed from the Aragorn/Arwen scene in TTT. Sorry Peter Jackson, but I'll put it back when I'm finished, honest! Anyway, I hope you take this lemon and make lemonade with it. By which I mean, enjoy and review. Perhaps I shall sail the ship of Gríowyn again some day; until then, I bid you adieu.