looked to be trying to get some sleep. She paid both of them no heed. Thorongil was more distracted by the blood spot on the empty side of the bedclothes – for a moment he thought some evil had come across the pair before his mind told him how patently ridiculous that was, and he remembered the bloodstained sheets hung outside the door the day after a particularly raucous wedding he had seen in a village of Dunlendings. Oh. He blushed again. Denethor still had that annoyed look – he took his seat by the writing-desk again. "Are you satisfied, Thorongil? ...What are you doing?" With a thunderous look the man stood again. But something had caught the captain's eye. He strode over to Denethor's bedtable, ignoring the other. His hand closed around the hilt of the dagger, hidden nearly well enough by a pile of papers. There was blood on one side of the blade. Fresh blood. He was vaguely aware that some had strange and orcish tastes when it came to bedplay, but he had not thought to count the Steward's son among them. Though he would not put it past Finduilas, from what he had seen. "This was spilled within the hour. Hers or thine, Captain-General?" He stared at the other coldly. Denethor once again avoided his gaze. "Mine," the man finally spat. Pulling aside his robe, he displayed sullenly the small cut on one of his calves. It had been washed clean, but some blood still welled up. Thorongil nodded, uninterested. Denethor would get someone to see to that, no doubt, or more likely do it himself. He wasn't about to volunteer his services. It might well prove fatal. "Why?" Denethor stared at him now, seemingly on the verge of snarling something vulgar. "Because my father's precious, oh-so-honorable –Thorongil- is just the sort to make a fuss about the virginity or lack thereof of the steward's bride. On my father's behest, no doubt." The man sounded disgusted. "Very well, captain. I am at your mercy." Denethor , Thorongil reflected, has never been a gracious loser. In anything. "Surely we can come to some sort of an arrangement, Thorongil," murmured a voice near his ear. Finduilas, now. Thorongil did not turn to look, as he was well aware that the Steward's wife was naked – he saw her reflection in Denethor's eyes, which were now sparking with jealousy. Turning, the man busied himself with opening a bottle of wine and pouring himself a glass. "No, milady," he said, trying to be gentle. "If you are to be the Steward's wife, you must remember your duty is to be the mother of his heirs, and not to bed whatever man suits your whim." And I would die a traitor's death for touching her if Denethor willed. I hardly trust his forbearance. "Oh, pish", the wife in question said. "It hardly matters with you. Everybody knows you're his brother." Denethor set his glass down firmly. "That should not have been said, Failivrin." He was angry now, or building up to it at the least. Thorongil just stared at him in some shock. Does he believe that too? He scowled. "You dishonor both the Lord Steward and my lady mother with your slander, Lady." He felt her fingers brush across his neck before she retreated. Denethor shook his head, "Have you not a single human weakness, Thorongil? It is truly quite unsettling." He smiled, but it was a tired and strained one, and his brow was furrowed in thought. I shan't be answering that, I believe… "Thy purposes, Lord Denethor, would be far better served by explaining to me how this woman will bring honor – or at least no –dishonor- to thy house " Denethor began to speak, stopped, began again, then finally cursed under his breath. "I love her. Can that not be enough?" "Sometimes it's not." Thorongil said quietly. Denethor nodded. "I know. But I would not wed with some Beruthiel out of Umbar or a wild shieldmaiden of the North. Prince Adrahil's line is a noble one that my house has not wed with in many generations. It is not so poor a choice. And to end it now will estrange my line from the chief noble of the realm, as well as bring dishonor upon the lady. She could never hope for more than to wed a minor lordling and be forgotton if you made a fuss – and I could not stand that. Nor would I leave her. This is the only marriage I will ever honor, Thorongil, after the custom of lost Numenor." "…I would say she has already brought dishonor upon herself." "I assure you, she will do nothing to scandalize you further." I would not believe that promise from her – from him it is less than useless. Love is indeed blind sometimes. "I am afraid that I am easily scandalized, milord. Even by things that seem inconsequential to thy eyes." Denethor's brow furrowed."I have noticed, captain." He is trying gamely to hide his dislike of me. But he will resent me more when this is through. He does not like being seen in a position of weakness. "Will the Lord Steward ask me for my oath on the fitness of thy bride? Because I do not think I can give it." A muscle twitched in Denethor's cheek. "She is a good woman, Captain." "Maybe." "Good enough, then. And it is better for Gondor, at least, if there is no scandal this night. I would hope that you will remember your alleigance to her, if nothing else. My alleigance is more than you know, Denethor. "I remember. I will leave thee to thy bride now, Lord Denethor." Denethor sat up further, in obvious alarm. "What answer will you give my father?" "Goodnight, milord." "Thorongil, what answer!" The fearful demand was practically bellowed as Captain Thorongil closed the door on the pair and went to speak his conscience to the Steward. -fin-