melt into that touch. If only he was strong enough to break free… "I lost everything." – despite the accusation cold lips twisted on a smile – "For you, my cruel Hope, I gave up my kin, my family, my blood. Even the sea can no longer call me away from you." "I never asked you this! Or demanded you to stay!" – Aragorn hissed. It was all the reaction he could muster. "You never told me to leave either." Aragorn sighed, unconsciously melting even more against the elf's warm body. He wanted it all to be a dream, to wake up in bed, back in the beginning, surrounded by his family and the friend he loved the most. But his family was dead. And his friend… His friend… "Why?" – the question escaped a second time, once again almost drowning in the increasing wind. "Because… I was never first to you." Aragorn tensed, dread creeping into his long broken heart. And, for a moment, he regretted his question, as well as his folly. Alas, it was too late now. Cold lips were no longer smiling. "You kept me in the dark, the secret no one could ever know. I was never freed, nor was I treasured." "I-I had Arwen. You knew that." "You mean the queen you betrayed the moment she could no longer lay with you?" – a short laugh, void of any mirth – "Silly Hope. Do not hide from your heart what your eyes tell so easily." "I'm not! I truly loved her!" – Aragorn shivered, his thin robe doing poorly against the wind. All around them, small snowflakes started to fall again. "I know." – the answer was soft, and if the man didn't know any better he would swear he heard grief in that voice – "Alas you enjoyed seeing me fade, living only for your summons." "I…I did." – Aragorn sighed, defeated at last. He could no longer deny or make excuses – "I never thought…" "You never thought I would stay." – one hand moved, laying on the bearded face, melting the few snowflakes that laid there – "I told you, Hope is cruel. I knew I should not, but I could not help waiting for my turn." A moment of silence fell, in which both man and elf considered their next moves. Their game was coming to an end, they could both feel it, but there were still things to settle. "I'm sorry." – Aragorn let out, the words true to the core – "I was selfish." "You are not the only one selfish, nor the only one sorry." – Legolas sighed, his embrace becoming tender, less possessive – "Maybe, if things had been different, we could have learned how to love each other properly." "I would have liked that." "I know." Aragorn took a deep breath, ignoring the cold air that filled his lungs. After so long, it felt like he could finally breathe again. There was only one thing left. The once king moved his hand, finding the handle of the knife with ease. Taking advantage of his still perfectly young body, he spun around and stroked. Only to have his hand caught by two gentle ones. Legolas was smiling, his face calm. It was like he had already seen the attack and was not bothered in the least. In fact, his eyes were full of emotion, tears rolling down his face and slowly freezing. "Would you like to come with me?" – the elf asked with innocent joy. He did not move the blade, even if he could easily do so, and the tip remained pointed to his heart. Against all odds, Aragorn found himself hoping one last time. "Can I?" Legolas nodded, his smile growing even more tender, bringing light to the sorrowful graveyard. He held the man's hand with care, once again ignoring the weapon between them, and slowly led them away from the sea of tombstones. They didn't go far, though, merely crossing the yard until they found a big, old tree. Aragorn smiled. Even in all that chaos he could not help but notice the single, green leaf standing proud on the highest branch. "Do you like it?" – a soft voice brought the man back and he noticed the soil had been moved, roots forcing open the frozen ground, creating a deep hole. But it wasn't a simple hole. It was a grave. A grave for two. "How..?" But Legolas only smiled. They lowered themselves in, side by side. The soil was hard from the cold and a good layer of snow had already piled up but nothing of it mattered. They lay on their sides, facing each other. For a moment, they could only breathe. But then Aragorn raised his knife again, and this time Legolas did not hold him. "Forgive me." – Aragorn spoke, his voice cracking under so many emotions. Deep down he wished he could say he loved the elf, but it would not be right so he settled for forgiveness – "I could not love you the way you deserved." Legolas smiled softly, new tears marking his pale skin. "Forgive me for keeping you here." It was fast, the end. Only a small pull and the blade slid nicely inside the elegant body, stroking the heart like one would do to a lover. Blue eyes widened only a little, but Legolas did not cry or gasp. Quite the opposite, he only took a deep breath. The last one. Estel… Then the life of the Eldar faded and Legolas was no more. Aragorn moved, holding the limp body with care, marveling at the warmth and sweet smell for whatever long he still could. Already he could feel the magic fading, letting the years pile up like the snow falling on him. It wouldn't be long now. Kissing the delicate lips one last time, Aragorn closed his eyes. The last thing the old king felt were the roots' sweet embrace.