but in your eyes I see the wisdom of more years I can comprehend, yet, you are young in the eyes of your elders. I am but a child." He smiled, "do you know my foster father Elrond well?" "I have only spoken to Master Elrond Peredhel once before now, but it was in Lothl贸rien, where my time is spent other than in my own kingdom. I have never before come to Imladris. I only come now because of urgent news. I have dwelt in Caras Galadhon with Lord Celeborn and the Lady of Light. Have you journeyed to the Golden wood? It is there I met Lady Arwen Und贸miel, I saw you speaking with her earlier, do you know her well." "I have visited L贸rien, once long ago, and there I also met the Evenstar, but not for the first time, on the hill of Cerin Amroth we stood, and she renounced the twilight of the west, for she is my betrothed..." I stopped listening. My breath stopped. I stared at the ground, devastated, my heart, broken in that one last sentence, was shattered beyond repair. The man I admired so, pledged in marriage to Arwen Evenstar, the fairest of our kind yet left on Arda. I stood, "farewell Aragorn, I am sorry." I walked away, I could not explain to him. Once out of his sight, I fled to my rooms. There I collapsed onto the bed, and the tears finally fell, my soul darkened, and as I shook with grief, the words of my father long ago filled my mind. "The heart of an elf is not easily given, but when it has been captured, it is their love's forever." I cried out in despair, beating my fists against the tear stained pillow, wishing I had never come, and that I could return home. But I had not long to wait, there would be a council tomorrow, and then I could start back to Mirkwood. After tomorrow I would never have to see him again. Aragorn's POV I escaped from the evil clutches of Lindir and the twins, and went to wash. I ate a little meat and fruit, all the while thinking of long, blonde, beautiful hair. I wondered if I really had embarrassed him earlier. I walked to the Hall of Fire, mainly to see Her. As I entered the room, I saw many elves, all fair, yet somehow perilous. I smiled. Among the elves, one blonde head caught my eye, a slightly smaller figure, due probably to his bowed head and hunched shoulders. Other elves to his left and right spoke to him, and he answered politely, then went back to sitting in silence. I didn't want to approach him, as he was obviously shy, and his earlier reaction to me wasn't exactly ecstatic. I left him with his kin, and sought Her out. There she was, sitting next to her father, I greeted her, "Mae govannen Lady Und贸miel." "Aragorn, why do you call me such names? For am I not Arwen after all?Yet you insist on calling me the Evenstar. I sense hesitance in you Estel, but I will not dwell on it, for I believe good will come yet of your lack of affection. Nay, I will not tell father of your change in heart, but I hope you will reconsider, as I have already forsaken the twilight, and the gift of immortality is not easily given a second time. Now I believe Aragorn, you have other things to do." I was bewildered, such a short meeting, and she had guessed many things, but what else is to be expected of a pupil of Galadriel, taught by Melian the Maia herself? I turned away, to go and talk with Glorfindel and Elrond. But a face in the crowd looked upon me with such wonder that I could only stop and stare. Then Legolas began to fall backwards, and I had to stop myself from running and catching him. But a strange elf to his right caught him, I was relieved he hadn't fallen, but also slightly jealous of the other blonde elf. Legolas ignored the concerns of his saviour, and walked gracefully out of the hall, but tripping a little on the way. It did not take elven eyesight to see his lower lip trembling, and the tears filling his eyes. I followed, concerned, and a little aggrieved myself to see him so upset. Legolas began to run, and I had to sprint to keep up. He stopped though, in a clearing, next to the fountain of Elwing, and sat on the edge, looking into the water. I stood still among the trees, gazing at the angel before me, I heard him mumble something sadly, and I had to go to comfort him. I walked up slowly behind him, and called his name. He squeaked and nearly fell into the water. Aren't elves supposed to have more balance than that! I put a hand on his shoulder, he looked at me and said, "hello Estel," those two words made me fall for him, hard. So soft and gentle was his voice, and the way my name rolled off his sweet pink tongue. I was surprised to hear him speak the common tongue, but not shocked. I named him fair Prince Legolas, and he blushed. I smiled, happy at last. We spoke of travelling, and of my heritage, I had no trouble in telling the prince my secret, and felt completely comfortable in my new friend's presence. As the conversation turned to her, Arwen, I was ready to tell Legolas my innermost thoughts and feelings about my betrothed. As I told him of our engagement, and of my growing impatience with her, I realised he was no longer listening to me, and was staring at the ground. Before I could ask what was wrong, he had said goodbye, and had gone. I was left alone in the woods, wondering what I had done.