eyes never left his face. "You have a nicely turned ankle for a man." Gamling cocked an eyebrow at that. Maybe at least a sweet thing was back on for occupancy in his bedroll. She didn't have to be young. Sometimes, a little seasoning was better than- "You appear to have had a run - in with a tankard of ale, m'lord." Her eyes raked down over him and she was grinning mischievously. Looks like you are back on for a lonely night in the bedroll. "Try two Halflings dancing on the table." He went around to the trough in a vain, unconscious attempt to cover himself while he pulled off the linen undergarment. He stepped quickly into the tub, strangely grateful when he saw her back was turned as he settled into the steaming water. "I heard about them. Full of life, they are. Here." The woman set a largish, steaming bucket down in the corner of the stall. She picked up his clothes and set them in it. "They get cleaner in water that hasn't been bathed in." "Thank ye-." Gamling's gracious acceptance of her thoughtfulness was drowned as a bucket of water was unceremoniously dumped over his head. His hands gripped the sides of the tub as he angrily shook the wet mass from his face. "Béma's... balls, woman! The least you could do was give a man some warning!" The Horse Lord felt a solid thump across the back of his head. "My apologies, m'lord! You're in a bath, you should expect a dunkin'!" Another whack. "Do not swear around me!" Before he could respond, he felt her hands in his hair, a soft bar of soap in one. "Damn you. I know women that would kill for this mass of hair and you treat it like a curtain." Against his wishes, Gamling felt himself relaxing into the gentle kneading of her fingers. "It's hair. What should I do with it? Wear it up in ribbons?" Unbeknownst to him, the woman behind him smiled at his joke. "Like a woman? I think not." She had lathered it up and was contemplating the suds. "No soft-smelling softling are you." Her voice dropped down several notches. "My husband used to let me wash his hair. It was one of the few luxuries we enjoyed together." Gamling stiffened slightly. "Used to?" She removed her fingers from his hair and again, he was doused in warm water. "Aye. I'm widowed. And no, I'm not looking for a husband." Sweet thing back in the bedroll! Make that saucy thing... "Lean forward." Strong fingers worked the kinks in his back, his neck; knots he had forgotten about, that he had gotten used to... wasn't a man supposed to have a pain right... there? The hands now moved forward, over his shoulders, to his chest. Muscles and erogenous zones long unattended immediately came to life. Slowly, the warrior moved his head to the side, allowing her free rein to his neck and pectoral muscles. It felt right nice. "So," he looked her from the corner of his eye, "do you want me to stand, so you can pay such close attention to the rest of me?" For a moment, time stood still as she cocked her head and contemplated the unspoken offer from the highly ranked soldier. Then soap was flung, hard into the water, stinging suds splashing into Gamling's face. His hands went to his eyes. "No, m'lord. Allow me!" A bucket of cold water splashed over him, cooling any ardor he was feeling. He heard the bucket bounce as it was flung to the floor. "Wash your own bloody arse!" By the time he got the water from his eyes, all that was left of her was the breeze of cool air from the curtain swinging madly. Lonely night in front of the fireplace. Fine. Except when he finally got bathed, his clothes cleaned, redressed himself and got his bedroll and gear rolled up, and got back to the Golden Hall, the nice warm spot in front of the fireplace was taken. In fact, all the good spots had been taken. Gamling shook his head in ire and headed to the next warmest place he knew. Outside, down the hill, towards the lower end of Edoras. To the stables. "Move over, Dréogan!" He slung his gear into the corner and proceeded to drape his wet clothing on the stall door. His horse looked over his shoulder, munching on timothy hay, the look in his eye clear to his Rider. What? You again? Taking special care to hang the cloak of his rank high off the floor, Gamling flipped out his bedroll and moved into the far corner of the stall, on a mound of relatively clean straw, away from the tail end of his horse. While the Marshal meticulously spread his roll, he felt a gentle prod at his hip. He never turned around; simply reached to the pouch tied to his waist and pulled out the apple. "You're spoiled, you know. You're a brute, stubborn and you refuse to neck rein! Give me one reason to keep you?" As if to answer, Dréogan blew timothy - sweetened breath, ruffling the still damp strands of hair that lay on Gamling's shoulder. Nickering softly, he grabbed the apple from the Horse Lord's hand and ambled to the opposite side of the stall, giving his Rider all the room he could give him. "Spoiled rotten!" The brazier in the middle of the stable belched, but at least it was warm and dry. Gamling settled in for yet another long night with his closest friend. tbc A/N: Béma is the Rohirrim word for the Vala the Elves called Oromë. As the great huntsman and horseman of the Valar, he and his steed Nahar were known to the horse-loving people of Rohan, who claimed that their great horses, the mearas, had ancestors brought out of the West by Béma himself (from the Encyclopedia of Arda)