nearly killed me to give up that ring. But I did, and tomorrow you shall die." Suddenly Baldor did remember; he drew his sword and leapt over the table, but Freca fled from the hall and escaped into the night. Baldor did not stay for the remainder of the feast but locked himself in his room and paced. Soon he heard a gentle knock on his door. "Go away," he growled. Aldor's voice replied, "Will you please let me in?" After hesitating a moment, Baldor did as his brother requested. Shutting the door behind him, Aldor dragged his brother to a bench under the room's one window, sat down, and make Baldor sit beside him. "Tell me about it," he said firmly. Baldor did. He told everything, from the ill-fated race to Freca's parting words. "You do not have to go," Aldor said when he had finished. "Yes I do!" Baldor stood and resumed his pacing. "I swore an oath. And the treasure calls me." He stood still and buried his face in his hands. "Part of me is more sober tonight than I have been in years. But there is another, bigger, stronger part that longs to feel the forbidden gold trickle through my fingers. It will win in the end." He took a deep breath, dropped his hands, and looked straight at Aldor. "I will die tomorrow," he said calmly. "I can feel it. But perhaps it is better this way; I would never be a good king, and in a way it will be a release. Would you…" His voice wavered briefly. "Would you tell mother goodbye and apologize for me? I do not think I can face her." Aldor walked over and placed his hands on Baldor's shoulders. There were tears in his eyes, yet he also spoke calmly. "Of course I will." They looked at each other for a moment, and then Aldor gave his brother a rough hug. "Goodbye." He left without meeting Baldor's eyes. "Goodbye," Baldor murmured. Baldor stood at his bedroom window, hands clasped behind his back. As he watched, the eastern sky began to flush pink. The time had come. As he saddled his horse, Baldor heard movement behind him. Whirling around, he saw his father standing in the stable. "I am coming with you," Brego said. "No!" "Not in, but I will go to the Door with you." Brego's tone allowed no argument, and soon the two men were on their way. Baldor could not help but notice how different this was from his last journey to the Door of the Dead; the sky swiftly brightened, people stirred in their houses, and he could smell smoke from rekindled fires. For a moment life seemed immeasurably sweet, but he glanced down at his ring and suddenly no longer cared if he lived; the treasure – his treasure – consumed his thoughts. He would finally have his wish! "Why are you doing this?" Brego asked suddenly. "Ask Aldor," was Baldor's distracted reply. He did not hear the deep grief in his father's voice. "He knows?" "Yes." They were forced to leave their horses at the edge of the pine forest, for the horses, wiser than the men, refused to go farther. Walking through the forest and around the stone, they found the Door of the Dead. Brego stopped at the edge of the standing stone and fought panic, but Baldor, focused only on the treasure, felt no fear. He lit a torch and stepped toward the Door. "Baldor, no!" Brego cried out. Baldor turned to face him, a wild gleam in his eyes. He laughed madly. "And why not?" Without waiting for an answer, he again approached the Door. Then an old man sitting on the threshold spoke. "The way is shut," he said. Baldor and Brego started. In his frenzy, Baldor had not noticed the man; Brego had mistaken him for a stone statue. They gazed at him. He was old and withered, though he might once have been tall and kingly. His blank eyes stared straight ahead. He spoke again. "Until the time comes, the Dead keep this path." Baldor was shaken. "When will that time be?" He received no reply, for the old man fell forward, dead. "Please Baldor, do not go," Brego pleaded, weeping. Staring down at the dead man, Baldor hesitated once more. Then he fingered his ring and hesitated no longer. Straightening, he proclaimed resolutely, "I swore an oath. I will keep it. Tell Freca I care not about his revenge." He strode through the Door. Brego fled blindly back to Meduseld. Baldor walked with no fear until he passed a side passage. He then felt as though he were being followed and glanced over his shoulder, but he saw nothing. The feeling grew each time he passed an opening until he found it difficult not to break into a run. The Dead followed. It was silent. The light from the entrance had long disappeared, and the feeble torchlight only served to further darken the surrounding blackness. The path wound on and on and Baldor began to wonder if he was in the wrong passage. He thought of turning around, but the instant he considered it, the feeling of being followed redoubled and he began to run, nearly putting out his torch. Still the Dead followed. Finally Baldor entered a cavern. He halted, startled, and gasped as he felt himself surrounded. He found the left wall and hurried along it, searching for the door, searching, searching. There! He could escape this terror. He grasped the handle… Locked. Dropping the torch, Baldor struggled with the latch in vain. The invisible menace of the Dead drew closer. He drew his sword. His desperate cries echoed in the chamber. He hacked furiously at the door. The sword snapped. Knocked off balance, Baldor fell to his hands and knees. So close. And at the end, refused even one glimpse of his treasure. "Nooooooo!" He howled. None but the Dead heard.