had felt thus far began to bloom into genuine indignation. "I presume your question is not meant to impugn my courtesy?" he asked, resisting the urge to take the Elven-King to task for his impertinence. Thranduil's expression morphed, openly displaying how ridiculous he found Elrond's question to be. "Our treaty was not due to be reviewed for another two centuries at the very least, so I ask again: why are we here?" Elrond paused before answering, both to subdue his irritation and gather his thoughts. "Lady Galadriel was most insistent that this assembly convene without further ado. Beyond that, I know not why." The Elven-King's jaw tightened. "I rightly suspected the influence of that Noldo witch." "Come now, Thranduil. You know as well as I that her requests are never to be taken lightly. They are usually laden with portents, and to ignore such only invites uncertainty and peril." Thranduil's gaze slid to the buildings behind him, and for a moment Elrond thought he saw a flicker of recognition there, elusive and very, very guarded. Before he could even speculate on what that might mean, Thranduil spoke, "If there is greater purpose to this congress, why does she not speak plainly?" "That is not for me to say," Elrond responded, turning towards the grand staircase and gesturing for the Elven-King to join him. "The nature of our Lady's mirror often precludes any measure of clarity." Thranduil snorted arrogantly as he fell into step beside him. "She is not my Lady." The firm admission nearly caused Elrond to chuckle despite his darkened mood. There had never been any love lost between the Elven-King and the Lady of Lothlórien, with their wildly different personalities and ideologies. They held a grudging respect for one another on the most fundamental of levels, yes, but nothing past that. If Thranduil only knew of the colorful descriptors Galadriel often used when referring to him... The rest of their walk to the Last Homely House was spent in relative silence save for several futile attempts on Elrond's part to engage Thranduil in pleasant conversation. He shouldn't have wasted his breath, he realized a bit too late. Neither was entirely agreeable to the circumstances, but there was simply no way to avoid the discomfort of these meetings. The Woodland elves tended to keep to themselves, sheltered even from those of their own kind. They were a wary lot with fickle dispositions, and the only way to successfully deal with them was through patience and tolerance. Elrond only hoped he and his counsellors somehow acquired an abundance of both before discussions began two days hence. I must make certain the Miruvor flows freely this evening , he thought as they finally reached their destination. That, at least, might be a good way to start. The magnificent Homely House was both a marvel of architecture and a haven for travelers of all races who happened to find themselves passing through the Valley of Imladris. Exquisite columns of polished marble braced three storeys, both inside and out. Every detail, from the rich tapestries and intricate latticework of precious metal that decorated the interior walls to the delicate aromas of incense and flowers that drifted through the cavernous atrium, was meant to soothe the senses of wearied guests. It was a place of comfort, contemplation, and merriment, the beauty of which usually left visitors in awe. The majesty of it all was entirely lost on Thranduil, of course. He kept his gaze narrowly focused on the staircase to which they were headed, largely ignoring the respectful bows and quiet welcomes offered by passersby. Elrond bit his tongue. The Elven-King's behavior was worse than that of previous meetings, aided no doubt by Glorfindel's well aimed verbal artillery. The tense silence hung between them all the way to the third floor, where Elrond halted before a set of finely carved wooden doors. Pushing them open, he gestured for Thranduil to enter. "A feast in your honor will be served in roughly a candlemark. I do believe pheasant is on the menu." Thranduil didn't seem the least bit interested in his words, or the fact that great lengths had most likely been taken to procure the rare game bird. He merely continued gazing about the guest suite with a critical eye. At a loss, Elrond made one last effort to salvage what remained of this diplomatic welcome. "Thranduil?" he asked, waiting patiently until the Sinda had finished his assessment of his chambers. When the Elven-King finally turned to face him, he continued, "It is my sincerest hope that you feel comfortable here in my home. You need only ring for a servant if there is anything you desire." Thranduil took a step closer, his gaze unrelenting. "Understood," he clipped, grasping both doors and pushing them closed. Elrond was left staring at the tangled weave of leaves and branches carved into the darkly stained wood before him. He sighed heavily, already formulating a scathing message for the Lady of the Golden Wood. Kind words, stately rooms, the promise of a grand feast... there was simply no satisfying Thranduil, and that was unlikely to change anytime soon. Slapping one of his hands lightly against his thigh, Elrond quietly murmured to himself, "Perhaps I should have offered to kiss his arse..." Snorting at his own cheekiness, he turned and made his way towards the other side of the Homely House. He said a silent prayer to Manwë as he went, asking for the swift resolution of all treaty details in the days to come. Such a fortunate occurrence really would be in everyone's best interest. (~ * ~ * ~ ) Translations: Arda = the world Anor = the sun Sinda = singular of Sindar, a race of Elves of Telerin descent Elda/Eldar = Elf/Elves meldir = friend ellon = male elf "Nathlo na Imladris, Thranduil Oropherion" = "Welcome to Imladris, Thranduil, son of Oropher" Miruvor = a cordial with the power to grant renewed vigor and strength