it to retreat back to whatever hellish pit served as its home. As quickly as it had appeared, the portal closed and she was gone, save for a single whisper that enveloped both of them in its warmth: Come home . Haldir glanced at his companion, who wore the same expression of utter disbelief. Elladan kept blinking, staring at the air where his grandmother had been moments before. Finally, the younger elf met his gaze. "Did you..." Elladan began, pointing towards the empty space. "Did you know she could do that?" Laughter that welled up all the way from the tips of his toes bubbled forth as Haldir shook his head. "I hadn't a clue." The two of them fell back onto the forest floor, entertaining all the trees and nocturnal animals with their giddiness. There was no shame in the tears that fell that night, tears of relief and joy. They lay there a very long time, allowing their bodies and hearts the chance to enjoy the pleasure of simply being alive. And when they felt refreshed enough, they gathered themselves together and went in search of Haldir's mare. Even at full speed, it still took nearly three days for them to reach Imladris. When they crossed the bridge, feeling more than a little worn and battered, they were greeted with rousing cheers of welcome. Elrohir, they soon discovered, had arrived the day before, partially conscious and clinging tightly to Asfaloth. Elladan, of course, quickly took his leave to be with his family. In Lord Elrond's absence, Haldir gave his full report to Lord Glorfindel. The situation in Rhudaur was grave, magnified tenfold by the reappearance of the Nazgúl. Now it was up to the leaders of the Free Peoples to decide what to do next. After offering his personal gratitude for bringing the twins home safely, Glorfindel informed him that, per Lady Galadriel, Haldir was to take whatever time he needed to recuperate before returning to the Golden Wood. Despite his devotion to Lothlórien, the thought of an extended rest was quite appealing. Haldir felt drained, completely sapped of all energy. He wanted to be clean. He also needed sleep, something that had been in short supply as they'd rushed to arrive back to Imladris. Instead of seeking those things, he found that his legs carried him to the House of Healing, where he sat in the antechamber and waited. Moments stretched into candlemarks, Arnor's rays sinking ever closer to the horizon. He wasn't even certain how long he'd been waiting there when the inner door finally opened. Elladan emerged, looking haggard. Haldir stood, offering him a weary smile. "I've been summarily dismissed," Elladan told him. "And your brother?" "Elrohir is well. Thanks to Ada, he is well past the danger of the venom. Rest and tender care will restore him in short order." Haldir closed his eyes against the wash of relief he felt. "This is very good news." Elladan took a deep breath, releasing it slowly. The dark circles beneath his eyes spoke of the depth of his weariness. The burden the younger elf had carried had been far greater than Haldir could even imagine. And at one point, he'd only added to that with his own selfishness... Crossing the chamber, Elladan gently placed his palm above Haldir's heart, a profound gesture that caught him by surprise. "I am so very grateful you were with me, Haldir. I could never have brought my brother home on my own. I am in your debt." Haldir covered his companion's hand with his own, interlacing their fingers. "That you and Elrohir are alive and well is repayment enough, my friend." Keen grey eyes studied him intently, the beginnings of a grin touching the corners of Elladan's lips. This time, Haldir relished in the fidgety feeling that gave him instead of trying to repress it. "I am in need of a bath and a bed," Elladan murmured. Haldir cocked a brow. "Indeed." The younger elf's grin widened. "I would be most honored if you would join me, Haldir o Lórien." This time, there was no hesitation on his part. None at all. Smiling, Haldir turned towards the door, eagerly pulling Elladan with him. (~* ~ finis ~ * ~) Translations peredhel/peredhil = half-elf/half-elves Mae govannen = 'well met' or 'welcome' Suilad = greetings Ada = dad ion nín = my son Anor = the sun Ethuil = spring Iavas = autumn Gwirith = April Arda = the world Daro! = stop!/halt! Ithil = the moon Yrch = orcs "Noro lim, Asfaloth!" = "Run fast (swift), Asfaloth!" Story Prompt : Rating up to = R Requested pairing = Suggested pairings: Haldir/Aragorn; Haldir/Legolas; Haldir/Elladan or Elrohir; Beleg/Mablung; Beleg/Turin; Gwindor/Turin; Annael/Tuor; Galadriel/Tauriel (just for fun; I'd be curious to see how you could plausibly spin it so it could work in-canon-ish). Story elements = I love a good, dark action/adventure story with a sliver of disguise/espionage or wry humor thrown in for good measure and a plot that sets our heroes against massive odds. Capable, competent characters with real flaws or haunted by failures are fun. Plausible character motivation / development. Realistic dialogue. Emotional punch. Slow reveals (e.g attractions, secrets…). Angst is my bread and butter, but happy (or at least peaceful, even if unresolved) endings are preferred. I appreciate themes of Honor/Loyalty/Sacrifice/Bravery. Blood brotherhood/the idea that soldiers in the field depend on and trust the (wo)man at their side more than their brother in the thick of things. Banter that hides real feelings. Intimacy (not necessarily sexual). Imperfect elves. Book canon. Rescues. Hurt/Comfort. Alcohol. Go for the R rating if you feel the story needs it, but I don't need sex, just a good story. Feel free to take some, all, or none of the elements above. Optional for major brownie points: A cameo of Warrior!Galadriel. I adore Cate Blanchett, but the poor woman needed some decent riding leathers and boots in the Hobbit movies, just saying. (~ * ~ * ~)