one last time. The match went almost the same way as last time, every time Legolas dared drop his guard he was tackled. Getting annoyed, he tried a change of tactics. He allowed himself to be thrown to the floor, and feigned a punch to Haldir's arm, only to roll instead. But Haldir was on top of him in seconds, Legolas kicked and bucked, until the march warden of Lórien was thrown off. Legolas was on him in seconds, pinning his arms above his head smiling at his victory he began to count the seconds, but one of his opponents hands came free at the last minute, and smacked his face. Legolas was stunned smackinh was not usually seen in bought such as this and ts had stung. He managed to keep the other elf pinned on the floor, he was going to win, and that was that. Sadly Haldir however had other ideas. His other hand found its way to the princes' crotch, and squeezed hard. Legolas let out the most undignified squeak known to middle earth, and leapt off Haldir at lightning speed. In seconds the situation was reversed, and Legolas found himself being straddled by Haldir, with his arms pinned above his head. He glared up at Haldir. With reddened cheeks Legolas snapped "That was cheating"! Haldir gave him a mischievous smile, and leant close. "Oh we both know you loved it really. Tomorrow is my last day with the most beautiful elf in the world, I think we should live for the moment, what do you say"? Curiosity turned to horror at what Haldir was suggesting. "Get off me! Now." Legolas decorated his words with as much malice as he could muster. He had been right about the march warden all along, his intentions were ill. He arched his back and tried to wiggle out from underneath his captor, but his efforts were in vain. Haldir was much stronger, and it seemed he had been prepared this time. From one of his pockets he produced a long length of Lórien rope, and swiftly went about binding the prince's hands. "Now then, where shall we start?" "What are you doing, Haldir?!" Legolas was full of anger and embarrassment of having been tricked into this position, and as Haldir lay down on him, he became painfully aware of the erection that was pressing against him, and wondered why he had failed to notice it before. He bucked and twisted for all he was worth, but all it served to accomplish was to make Haldir more aroused. Exhausted Legolas glared up at Haldir, he opened his mouth to snarl an insult, but instead found himself gagged with Haldir's tongue. Haldir's mouth was wet and warm and very hungry. He plundered his captives mouth like a starving man would food. Legolas squirmed beneath him, horrified to find the kiss was causing all the blood in his body to seemingly relocate at a lower...location. Haldir took advantage of this, grinding his hips against the elf's, smirking as Legolas let out the smallest of whimpers, asking- begging for him to stop. It felt so good. He was so aroused, but this was all wrong. "Haldir... please... don't... ah!" Haldir chuckled Legolas was clearly turned on by his actions, how many lovers he wondered, had bent their will to this prince in the past just because of his status, obeying his every whim. Haldir wondered if any had thought to treat this beautiful creature a little roughly before, to make him wait and want for his pleasure. Whilst the thought of dominating this elf would horrify most, nothing was more arousing to Haldir than the sounds of his prince enjoying himself against his own will. He moved his lips up Legolas's neck licking and nibbling the soft flesh. As he reached the elf's ear, he moved his hand to the prince's groin, and started rubbing. Legolas responded immediately, bucking and arching his back. Both the sensation of the sucking on his ear and the rubbing combined were driving him crazy. Legolas's cries of outrage had quickly been replaces with sobs, he didn't want to be Haldir's toy, and he certainly didn't want to give Haldir any satisfaction, but staying quiet was harder than he had first thought. He knew that every sound he made was working the warden up even more, but he just couldn't stop himself responding. It felt so wrong.. but so good. Haldir was now dragging his hot tongue over the nape of Legolas's neck, causing pulses of pleasure to shoot through his body, and seemingly down to his groin; which had taken on a life of its own. Haldir paused in his ministrations to gloat over the princes' reactions. "It seems to me that you want this more than you say, I think we will have to work on your honesty, by the end of tonight you will be submitting to my will." Legolas tried to think of a harsh response, but all thoughts of that were quickly thrown from his mind as Haldir started to undo his leggings. "Haldir, please stop- please, just think .. what you are.. aii!" He could barely speak, let alone plead for his freedom. This was not the Haldir he was accustomed to. Legolas renewed his attempts at throwing the self-assured elf off his waist, but it was to no good effect; all he succeeded in doing was exciting the other elf further. Haldir stripped him of his leggings, and to Legolas's shame engulfed the hardened member in his warm, wet, mouth. Despite Legolas's determination not to enjoy this, his body had other ideas. Haldir's tongue moved up and down the length, causing muscles to twitch, and the prince to cry out in despair. He was enjoying this and there was nothing he could do to stop it. How'd you like it? I've re-written "Fate" which was the older version of this which I never got to complete. R&R is very welcome :)