be inside you, meleth?" Glorfindel asked as he crossed the last few steps to where Erestor lay. In response, Erestor pulled his legs up in a show of complete trust. Glorfindel drew in a shaky breath as he kneeled, unable to resist peppering kisses along the backside of his lover's thighs. Uncorking the vial, he drizzled a little of the oil along Erestor's chest, and then proceeded to massage him, paying special attention to those spots that made the counsellor squirm. Eventually, his fingers made their way down to Erestor's groin, where he spent a good deal of time stroking the spent member and heavy sac that lay just beneath. He worked slowly and attentively until his lover grew hard once more. "Oh, please…" Erestor breathed. Glorfindel smiled, pouring a much more liberal amount of the oil into his hand. With the lightest of touches, Glorfindel teased his lover's tiny rosebud, swirling and tickling, until the reluctant muscle finally gave way and let him enter. Erestor groaned and quivered as Glorfindel's finger slid all the way inside. He prepared the passage well, taking care to be sure it was stretched and well lubricated. Glorfindel also made sure the hidden pleasure gland was gently awakened, leaving Erestor a trembling mass of incoherent murmurs and moans. Coating his length with the remaining oil, Glorfindel placed Erestor's legs over his shoulders. He leaned down for another kiss, whispering, "Are you ready to join with me, meleth?" Erestor grinned and nipped lightly at his lips. Glorfindel needed no further prompting than that. Aligning himself, he slowly pressed inside, allowing ample time for his lover's body to adjust to the intrusion. Erestor's eyes slid shut, his mouth falling open, but there was no sign of pain written in his expression — only bliss. Glorfindel set a slow pace at first, moving gently, but as his pleasure built, he rocked with more force, adjusting the angle of his thrusts until Erestor cried out, grabbing his shoulders for support. Chuckling softly, Glorfindel focused on hitting his lover's sweet spot while skillful fingers teased Erestor's nipples. Within minutes, they were both straining and gasping, the air filled with the rapturous sounds of two lovers sharing heated passion. Glorfindel grasped Erestor's length and began pumping. He was so close to the edge of ecstasy, and he wanted his beloved to tumble with him. It only took a few strokes before Erestor stiffened, a desperate wail caught on his lips as his seed fell in quick, heated spurts across his chest. The feel of his lover tightening around him drew Glorfindel's climax out as well. They both shuddered and groaned, and then laughed as they fell into a tangle of arms, legs, and eager lips. They lay together for a long time afterward, sharing kisses and quiet words of love. Eventually, they found their way back into the spring where they washed away all traces of their intimacy. Even there, buoyed in the warm water, they couldn't remain separated, hands and lips still quietly affirming the bond they had formed. When they finally exited and dried off, Glorfindel checked the progress of Erestor's wound, which was nearly fully healed. A second application of poultice was deemed unneeded. Dressing themselves after said examination proved to be an unexpected challenge, much to Glorfindel's delight. A single sidelong glance from his lover, followed by the material of Erestor's hosen being pulled up oh-so-slowly, led to a ridiculously large pile of torn clothing and yet another round of passionate lovemaking. Never in all his years would Glorfindel have guessed the counsellor could be such a tease… As they had nothing else clean amongst their belongings, they both ended up donning the same garments they'd worn on arrival, all of which were still a bit moist. That did little to dampen their spirits, however. Glorfindel whistled cheerfully as he went to assess the weather conditions outside, and when he returned, he noticed Erestor was smiling to himself as well. "'Tis a mild day," Glorfindel declared. "Anor has reached his zenith, and his rays are warm and inviting." Erestor nodded. "Good. We should be able to reach the Valley in time for last meal." "We should take time to eat something here," Glorfindel suggested. "We've had quite the workout, and so far as I saw, you ate nothing last evening." Erestor looked up from where he'd been packing their bedrolls. "We can nibble on lembas along the way. I am eager for a hot meal and my own bed." "What does your bed feel like, I wonder?" Glorfindel considered with a cheeky grin. Smiling, Erestor replied, "The sooner we leave here, the sooner you will find out." Instead of helping to sort their things, Glorfindel remained rooted in place, gazing at his lover with the sweetest of smiles. Erestor eventually felt the warrior's stare and looked back up at him. "Is something the matter, meleth?" "Have you any idea how much I love you?" Erestor's face flushed at the pleasing admission. He stopped what he was doing and slowly approached Glorfindel. "I have waited a very long time to hear those words. Part of me believed I never would." Glorfindel pulled him into a warm embrace, whispering, "So long as I still walk these lands, you will always be loved and treasured." He punctuated the vow with a gentle kiss. "Now let us go home so that I may ravish your lips in the main courtyard for all to see." Erestor's gaze hardened, a bit of the churlish counsellor returning to the fore. "You will do no such thing." Arching a brow, Glorfindel grinned lasciviously… * ~ finis ~ * ~ Sindarin Translations Narbeleth = October Yrch = orcs mellon nín = my friend mellon = friend Rhîw = winter ellon = male elf Elda/Eldar = elf/elves meleth = love meleth nín = my love Anor = the sun ellyn = male elves ellith = female elves Quenya Translations hröa and fëa = body and soul