wish, the closer Legolas got to Mordor. Thranduil was already deep into his second mug of wine for the evening, not that it mattered. The weight of innumerable consequences was suffocating him, with or without the potent brew. He took a hearty quaff, and then another. His vision was mostly blurred from lack of rest and his head swam, but the soft buzzing in his ears offered some measure of comfort. It went on like this for hours until, in a moment of profound despair, Thranduil finally set his mug down, buried his head in his hands, and wept. He was tired... tired of weighing the fate of his son against that of all Middle-earth. He just wanted Legolas to be safe. Was it so wrong for a father to long for such? Thranduil grabbed blindly for the key to his desk drawer. Unlocking the compartment, he pulled out the bundle and laid it before him. It had become the bane of his existence, and yet he couldn't bring himself to destroy it. Clumsy fingers undid the folds of material, exposing the delicate mushroom at last. It hadn't shriveled up or spoiled — yet another sign of its magical properties. Instead, it sat quietly, mocking him with each resplendent sparkle on its surface. Without conscious thought, Thranduil picked up the mushroom, mesmerized by its radiance. Perhaps it was time to end this, destiny be damned. Holding it close, he whispered the first words that managed to filter through his overwhelming despair: "Please... let me see my son again." Then he pushed the mushroom past his lips and chewed every last savory bite. Leaning back in his chair, the King of the Woodland Realm closed his tired eyes and swallowed, entirely unaware of the invisible vortex of magical energy that swirled around him, reaching higher and higher, past the living, breathing walls of his fortress and into the sky, where it quickly changed trajectory, accelerating towards the peaks of the Misty Mountains. Three days later, just beyond the Gladden Fields... "Oh, for pity's sake. You are a ranger, are you not?" Aragorn craned his neck, shooting a menacing glare in Boromir's direction. Gritting his teeth, he answered, "You know full well the answer to that." The Gondorian warrior was not so easily appeased. "Then why, pray tell, have we been wandering aimlessly for days? I see no fabled Golden Wood in sight!" With exaggerated patience, Aragorn explained, "A damaged map is not so easily interpreted." Boromir snorted, and then began walking away from the company of wearied, heartsick travelers. "Where are you going?" Aragorn demanded. "To relieve myself!" Boromir spat. "But you needn't worry. Unlike you, I am in no danger of getting lost!" Aragorn watched the man disappear into a thicket. He'd never wanted to strike someone so badly before. Boromir's constant nagging had frayed his nerves ever since they'd left Moria behind three days ago. Three days... With a heavy sigh, he refocused his attention on the tattered map in his hands. Much of the ink had bled, leaving both words and landforms misshapen or altogether obliterated. Not even his lengthy travels across Middle-earth had permanently etched their intended path into his mind's eye. Without the valuable resource of an intact map, he could only make an educated guess as to which direction they needed to turn. "Mister Aragorn, sir?" The hesitant voice stirred him from his thoughts. Aragorn glanced down at the hobbit who had quietly appeared at his side. Poor Samwise Gamgee sounded as utterly guilty as he looked. "I'm so sorry I dropped the map into the water," Sam continued. "When Mister Boromir was plodding us across the river, the clasp of my haversack must have come undone. All I saw were my rations falling into the water, and I panicked. Then I got really hungry." "Sam—" he began, but the hobbit cut him off. "I never felt it slip out. Honest! I was so focused on rescuing the food that I didn't even know what happened until Mister Frodo snatched the map from the current and yelled at me. My stupid stomach got us lost," Sam finished. He looked to be on the verge of tears. Aragorn had to resist the urge to chuckle. "Sam, it was an accident. Accidents happen." He gave the hobbit's shoulder a reassuring squeeze. "We'll get through this." Still looking forlorn, Sam wandered back towards his friends, but the space beside Aragorn wasn't empty for long. Legolas eased closer to him, murmuring, "We should keep moving. Finding a safe place to camp before nightfall is imperative." "Agreed." As soon as Boromir returned, the company pressed onward, the sparsely wooded area they'd just traversed giving way to a much thicker canopy of trees. The air was dank, oppressive, and very, very still. There were no signs of birds, rodents, or small game anywhere. The pinched expression on Legolas's face caused Aragorn no small amount of worry as they moved deeper into the forest. Something was very wrong here. "Legolas?" he whispered. The elf could see and hear far better than any human, giving him a definite advantage in situations such as this. "I do not believe the river we crossed back there was the Nimrodel at all, Aragorn," Legolas replied, his gaze scanning both trees and underbrush. "I think it was the Anduin. This is all starting to look very famil—" A large group of elves suddenly burst through the foliage on all sides, including from above, their bows nocked and ready to deliver fatal shots to the trespassers. The Fellowship as a whole stopped in their tracks, eyes widening at the sheer number of weapons pointed in their direction. "—ilar," Legolas finished, just as one of the elves in front of them relaxed his posture and his weapon. The tall, dark-haired elf stared at Legolas a few moments longer, undisguised confusion coloring his expression. Then he spoke, his words causing more than a few eyebrows to rise. "Hîr nín Legolas?"