drank gratefully, thirstily, spilling water down his chin. He handed it back to Gimli. Instead of taking it, the Dwarf gently reached out to wipe Aragorn's chin. Their eyes met for an instant, earth-brown and grey. Aragorn dipped his eyes and for moment, a smile trembled about his lips. Aragorn drew a breath and pulled his cloak tighter about himself. He did not look at them but stared into the fire and in quiet horror, told them what he had seen. 'There are dark clouds hanging over Minas Tirith and black ships sailing from Umbar. Orcs gather to attack the city. They hunt in Lebennin…and Pelargir…' He did not look at Legolas but twisted the ring on his finger. Gimli frowned – surely Pelargir was the mouth of the Anduin? That meant the Sea. His frown deepened. Aragorn would not meet his gaze. 'I tried… I tried to see Frodo,' he said quietly. Gimli felt Legolas freeze beside him and raise his head to stare. 'I could not see through the dark clouds and fog that rises in Mordor… and I did not dare dwell on it in case He should sense my intrusion.' Gimli felt the Elf shift slightly but still he said nothing. Aragorn glanced up, but Legolas would not look at him. 'Legolas?' Aragorn's voice was thin and tired. 'I did not look for long, not long enough for the Eye to see…' But then Legolas looked up and smiled casually. He rested his hand on Gimli's arm gently, silencing him. 'Faithless is he who would abandon his friends in the dark times,' the Elf said quietly and he held the Man's gaze. 'We must not forget them.' There was a softening of the lines around Aragorn's eyes and his shoulders dropped a little. He reached out and grasped Legolas' shoulder, but Gimli started. The words were his own, spoken on the road to Orthanc. He remembered that night vividly, sitting by the fire, watching Aragorn sleep. He remembered the strange conversation that now, he understood all too well… Legolas had been leaning back on one elbow, his long legs stretched out, stripping the bark from a twig until the pale wood was bare. Then he had started pulling on a loose thread in his cuff. It was strange to see the normally composed Elf so fidgety and restless. Gimli had not been able to account for it at the time and told Legolas to rest... 'I cannot rest now.' Legolas had frowned. He was so irritable and unlike himself. He had leaned back, gazing up at the night sky and murmured. 'Rest… what does that mean? Rest can also mean death, can it not?' The Elf had looked so unhappy that Gimli had wondered if he had been injured in the terrible battle at Helm's Deep. But his next question had startled the Dwarf even more. 'Are you set upon going all the way to Minas Tirith?' He had a clear memory of Legolas then, still leaning on one elbow, firelight flickering over him, gilding his hair. His green eyes, reflecting the flames, had been intent on Gimli, and utterly miserable. Gimli bitterly regretted his reply now, but he could not now take it back. He squeezed his eyes shut, remembering his words with merciless clarity. ' Faithless is he who would abandon his friends in dark times ,' he had said, shocked that Legolas was even thinking of abandoning Aragorn in his greatest hour. A strange calm had gradually come over the Elf then and he nodded slowly, resolve hardening in his eyes. [2] Well, it was too late now . For Pelargir meant the Anduin's mouth and that meant gulls. And now that he knew Galadriel's' warning, Gimli understood. Whether she meant to warn Legolas of his death or of something else, it did not bode well for the Elf. And since Orthanc, when Saruman had shown them that terrible vision of Mirkwood's destruction[3], Legolas had… well, changed. It was subtle, but there was his recklessness, and his resolve to go with Aragorn, whatever the cost. And Gimli worried that the cost would be his life. The hairs on his neck prickled. Aragorn had gone, and with him, Elladan. He was alone with Legolas. He looked up and met the Elf's gaze, and suddenly tears stung his eyes. 'I will guard your back, Legolas,' he said quietly, 'if you will give me your word that you will not abandon me.' Legolas tilted his head slightly, regarding the Dwarf. Then he narrowed his eyes slightly. 'I have already given you my word, and you have told me what that means to a Dwarf.' He smiled suddenly, 'I will not let you fall.' TBC Reviews are nice and don't have to be literary criticism- just a sentence is enough. ONE REVIEW WILL TIP ME OVER TO 700. Make a writer happy today. X X X Personally, I don't think you should worry about these references to the earlier story, but I have explained them in case you are confused. [1] The Rohirrim give Gimli this name in my other stories, "Rohan's Gold" and "Deeper than Breathing. " This is a continuation of "Deeper." "Rohan's Gold" is quite, quite both- you'll enjoy them . [2] This incident occurs in "Deeper than Breathing." Gandalf has just given Legolas the message from Galadriel- Aragorn and Gimli were not present so Gimli does not know at this point, about any message. In the book itself, Legolas says to Gimli 'Would you rather she foretold your death', which suggests that for at least some of the time, he thought that hearing the gulls might herald his death – he is riding to war so not unlikely. Yet he still goes. [3] This is a terrible revenge Saruman takes on Legolas. He gives them a vision of Mirkwood destroyed and Thranduil slain. It is unclear whether this is one of Saruman's lies or if it is real. I hope this makes sense!