was Anglach ! We should be glad that creature has gone. With luck, the goblins will eat it and it will make them as sick as it made us!' There. He had said it. Finally acknowledged that their sweet child was slain. Galion breathed in, blew out. Warmth stole into him as Thranduil reached out and took his hand, and simply held it. Neither looked at the other and Galion stared resolutely into the fire, his eyes burning with tears. 'It is not only us who pay,' Thranduil spoke finally, the words thick in his throat. 'Elrond has lost his wife, and now it is said he has lost both his sons to the Shadow. They ride in fury, hunt and kill mercilessly. The Sons of Thunder they are called by the Orcs and goblins of the Mountain. I would not have that for any of my own, to lose themselves in such bitter hatred.' He loosed Galion's hand then and Galion felt colder. 'Perhaps they could come here and kill a few spiders for us! Or Orcs...maybe a Nazgûl or two.' He gave a snort. Leaning forward, Thranduil stirred the dying embers of the fire. Sparks flew. 'We have no need of their help when we have such sons of the forest as we do.' His handsome face softened, and he tilted his head, looked back into the flames. His golden hair was burnished, gilded by the firelight, and then he looked up with his long, slate-green eyes and gave a smile that reached into Galion's loyal heart and squeezed. He swallowed and looked away at the map outspread on the table. 'Call them back, Thranduil,' he said thickly for his voice was not his own, too choked, too full his heart. 'Do not let them pursue Gollum into the Mountains. They are treacherous enough on their own without the swarms of goblins. Send Alagos to Mithrandir now, do not delay longer. Tell him Gollum has gone and good riddance.' The King turned away and stared into the flames, pupils wide and his full lips closed. 'Not yet, old friend, though my heart is as uneasy as yours. Perhaps Gollum is heading for the Mountains indeed...but for now, he is not even at the Gladden Fields. We may still catch him, our hunters are swift and sure.' Galion collapsed back against the chair, feeling helpless. Thranduil would not be persuaded now, he recognised the set of his stubborn jaw and his eyes had hardened. Silence covered them and there was only the crack and shift of the ashes settling as the last flames died. Then slowly, quietly, Thranduil spoke again. 'There are times, Galion, when I wonder if we should not move again...Further north once more...I hear of others going West. They feel the tide in their blood.' Galion stared, shocked beyond speech. Thranduil felt it and glanced his way. 'I will never forget...Anglach. How he was returned to us, cold and dead. And sometimes...sometimes it is worse.' He swallowed. 'It creeps upon us like night. And there seems nothing more we can do...' 'Thranduil! If you have given up, how can any of us have any hope?' Thranduil reached out then and touched Galion gently. 'No, I have not given up, old friend. But we send our children to fight the Shadow at our doorstep. Tell me, do you ever feel it? When the Moon is full and pulling the tides West?' 'No,' Galion declared, the very notion shoved the pain of Anglach's death aside. 'Why would anyone wish to go to some distant land that not even the Noldor liked? Even they found it too restrictive and they have are all those laws and things. You would never cope, Thranduil.' He shook his head in disbelief. Wood-elves in Valinor, he had never heard such a thing! 'I hope for his sake that Oropher is not reborn. They would have to send him back East, like they did Glorfindel.' Thranduil laughed loudly at that; never was there more glorious and audacious a leader as Oropher. It was a view shared by many of the Woodelves. Oropher suited them. And they loved Thranduil Oropherion for he wore the name like a badge, and for his bright burnished courage, his sheer will, and his stubborn determination that the Shadow would not win. Thranduil suddenly pushed his chair back and stood so he could lean over the table where the maps were spread. One be-ringed hand toyed with the silver clasps Galion had fixed the map with and unseeing, he said, 'I can feel how the air is in turmoil, the fires of the earth are hot and He searches. Frantically now. He knows It is near...The Nazgûl are hunting. They will leave Dol Guldur, and Galion, I fear for our Mr Baggins.' Thranduil turned towards Galion, and the flames cast shadows on his face so he looked more hawkish than usual. 'Gollum had a precious thing, the only thing he cared about..He came out of the Mountains looking for it, believing that our Master Baggins had stolen it from him...I heard him speak thus, Galion. The Man, Strider, Aragorn, found Gollum on the edge of Mordor.' He fixed Galion with his long green eyes that could be warm but now were flint. 'What is this precious thing that he came so far from the Mountains to find, that he lost? What is this thing he thought might be in Mordor? That has killed our children?' Galion stared, a horrible sense of foreboding descended. Like a veil of darkness, and he had a sudden image of the Forest in flames and yellow smoke curling upwards...a child screamed somewhere...And he thought he saw Legolas standing staring at the edge of a clearing***... He started suddenly and looked around as if he thought it might be real. 'There is a storm coming, Galion. And I very much fear that Gollum and our Mister Baggins will be in the heart of it.' 0o0o0 tbc