brains and began watching for his migrations. The three heavy packs weighed Ufhau down, and hindered his speed. The woman, curse her, easily kept pace with him, hampered as he was. A steady stream of swearing in his guttural tongue rumbled from him, in time with his pounding feet. They reached the foothills hours later and stopped to rest. Though he was merely winded from the run, the woman collapsed, gasping, on the ground and did not move. That she had made it this far without complaint surprised him, and he had to give her grudging respect for that. He let the packs slide to the ground and turned his nose into the wind, scenting the air. All he could smell was her, dammit. A legion of men could be five yards away and he'd never know it in the darkness. "There is a stream near here," he growled, hefting the packs and heading towards the faint trickling sounds. "You could use a wash. I can't smell anything but your filthy sweat." Taking a deep breath, she hauled herself to her feet. "You are no spring flower yourself," she snapped. A grunting chuckle escaped him before he could check it. She had cheek, this one. Once on the banks of the stream, he let the packs drop again and began stripping off his leathers. "What...what are you doing?" she squeaked as he began untying his breeches. Halting, he slowly turned his gaze upon her, clawed hands poised over the laces. She was staring at him, or more accurately, at his hands, eyes wide with shock. It was not so dark under the crescent moon that she could not know the answer to her own question. "I go to wash," he said flatly. "As you so helpfully pointed out, I am in need of it." He resumed yanking at the leather thongs, worrying a knot that seemed reluctant to give way. "Stop, please!" she cried, and now she had her hands over her eyes, as if just turning her back was insufficient to hide him from her. A sly grin spread across his face. "You have not even seen a man before, have you, little girl?" he said, delighted. With quick, brutal movements, he freed himself of his breeches and stood directly behind where she sat, his member teased to partial erection by the cool night breeze and her nearness. "Take a look, girl. You know you want to." She straightened stiffly and crossed her arms over her chest, her gaze resolutely leveled at the trees on the opposite bank. "A gentleman does not say such things to a lady." His laugh was loud, sudden, and deep, and for some reason seemed to ease a tension he hadn't realized he felt. "I am no gentleman, girl, or had you not noticed?" "My name is not 'girl'," she snapped. "I am Kara. And I am no child ; I'm nearly twenty years old." "My apologies, Lady Kara," he growled, bending forward in a mocking bow she did not see but surely must have sensed. "If it pleases her highness, I will wash myself. The lady may watch if she wants to." Chuckling under his breath, he waded into the stream in front of her, amusement mounting as she shifted position to keep her eyes averted from his nakedness. It truly felt good, scrubbing days of dust, blood, and sweat off his hide. Ironically, his affection for bathing was inspired by an unfortunate miscalculation of geography that dumped him into a bottomless pit in Isengard when he returned there two years ago to see how it had changed. The dunking had given him his first taste of clean skin, and he found he liked it. Though he was still a rather hopeless swimmer, he could at least keep from drowning if not challenged too much. When he finished, he returned to the bank, threw down a blanket, and stretched out under the stars. The chilly air on his body felt good, too. He could feel himself getting drowsy, sluggish. He could almost forget all the stupid things that had happened to him today. "Um..." Almost. "I would like to wash, too," Kara said quietly. By the sound of her voice, he was fairly certain she was still turned away from him. He was too lazy to bother opening his eyes to make sure. "So wash," he grunted. "I'm going upriver a bit," she continued. "I don't want you peeking." He heard the crunch of her booted feet on the rocky bank. "I promise nothing," he mumbled, his voice betraying his complete disinterest in rising to the occasion, in any way. Folding his arms beneath his head, he shifted slightly for greater comfort, and drifted off to sleep. It seemed he had only just closed his eyes when someone was shaking him awake. "Orc!" a voice hissed in his ear. "Wake up!" Even after a proper rest, Ufhau was a surly grump in the morning. However, it was not morning yet; only the barest hint of the sky lightening toward dawn could be seen. Yellow eyes flaring open, he grabbed the offending female by the throat and squeezed. "Pray you have a good reason for this," he snarled. "Horses!" she gasped, trying to pry his fingers loose. Immediately releasing her, he leaped up. His leather jerkin, apparently thrown modestly over him as he slept, fell to the ground. He spared a glance at Kara, but she was already scrambling around the camp, gathering up their blankets and packs. She seemed more afraid of discovery than he was. Shrugging, he hastily dressed, grabbed two of the packs, and ran across the shallow stream, the woman at his heels, staggering under the weight of the third. Tark = man of Numenorean descent; derogatory term for humans in general as Ufhau reckons Snaga = 'lesser' orcs; pretty much any not born in Isengard by Ufhau's estimation Sharkû = old man; used by Uruk-hai to refer to Saruman