very small and very insignificant. A spark of anger flared in her and she stood as straight as she could with all of the grace her elvish blood instilled in her. She would not be undermined by the slight inconvenience of being unprepared. She would not shame her parents by making a fool of herself. With a deep breath she restored the perfect porcelain mask that hid who she really was. "Well met, your highness." She said with a small, modest, smile that bellied every drop of anxiety inside of her. Legolas Legolas had been in a foul mood that entire day. He had refused to eat, and had not slept the night before. The thought that his bed, which had belonged solely to him since his birth, would be shared with a complete stranger had made him ill at ease. The time spent standing next to his father's throne, dressed up for the décor to admire, had not played well on his nerves either. "What is the point of my presence?" Legolas growled as his fierce blue eyes chose another drape to burn their hatred into. He wished his glare could start a fire and give him a valid reason for leaving. "Do not be so unsociable, Legolas, you know very well why your presence is required." Thuranduil replied with just as much bite in his tone. "Do I?" Legolas spat back spitefully. Thuranduil slammed a fist onto the arm of his throne and glared up at his son. "Put your petulant tongue to rest!" He hissed. "If you were to growl and quibble for another thousand years it would not free you from this room! I command you to act your age!" Just as the harsh words left Thuranduil's mouth the doors to the throne room burst open and a whirlwind of females filed in before vanishing just as quickly as it came, leaving one of its ranks behind. The girl before them was petite, and her skin was an odd honey color for an elf. Her hair too was interesting, it seemed to be several colors at a time, but not truly any one of them. Red, gold, and light brown blended together to make a beautiful russet sort of color. Her eyes were shocking. The pale elvish blue of her irises gave a fierce almost owl like look to her eyes, but her appearance was not what struck Legolas most. It was the moods that flashed over her beautiful round face. For a moment she wore a look of shock and then wonder as her eyes danced over Legolas. When she examined him he felt the tiniest prick of astonishment. This tiny elith was assessing him the way an opponent might size up his sword, or a farmer might asses a bull. She, however, did not seem displeased. With a proud flash in her eye the maiden stood straighter, dawning the presence of nobility the way an archer might dawn his bow. Her doll like face bore a benign smile, but her pale eyes flashed with a brilliance that was all together fierce. He had only seen such a look in the eyes of wild animals. "Well met, your Highness." She said in a voice that sounded like the embodiment of a cool breeze. "Indeed." Thuranduil replied. Legolas seethed when he heard his father's voice, riddled with disapproval. The Elith before them, however, seemed unfazed. Is she ignorant or simply playing at ignorance? Another brilliant flash of those eyes told Legolas that she was neither. "I hope you will forgive my state, my Lord. I have been many days on the road, and have not yet rested or bathed." If it was not for her eyes Legolas might have believed that as a genuine apology but he could see something more there on her face. He could feel the whisper of a smile begin to grace his lips. She looked fit for a ball to him. "I suppose we shall have to bare it until you are settled. I am sure you will not object to sharing my son's chamber." Thuranduil did not mean it as a question and it made Legolas ashamed of him. The girl's eyes widened momentarily before returning to a mask of kind gentility that hid what must have been shock and indignation. "In my parent's kingdom, it is forbidden until after the wedding night—" Legolas caught his father's face beginning to purse in disapproval. "It is customary in Mirkwood. How else will we know if you are a suitable match for my son?" Thuranduil interjected tersely. The elith, Celeblassel, considered him for a moment weighing her mind some decision. Her eyes flashed over Legolas who found himself frighteningly unaware as to whether or not he was showing any emotion. Apparently she found her answer on his face. "If it is customary my lord then I am bound by good grace to agree." She looked grim, very much a mirror of Legolas' own expression. Thuranduil gave a snake like smile and nodded. "Very good, Legolas, show your betrothed to your chambers." Thuranduil waved his command with his and Legolas moved from his side reluctantly. As he approached the elith he took his time to do his own inspection. Her head only came to his collar bone and she was well built. The swells of her breasts were confined by a travel bodice that displayed a tiny waist and hips that flared beautifully into what he could only assume was a beautifully round bottom. She had full soft looking lips a few curls escaped her braids. She did not seem elvish. She seemed something far more… exotic. Legolas shook himself from his observation and offered her his arm and a cool look. He had to be wary of this woman. As beautiful and docile as she looked her eyes exposed a fierce will. He did not notice until she took his arm that she was shaking like a little leaf in a windstorm.