the Uruk wrapped an arm about her body, pulling her close against him. Why an embrace from such as he would comfort her, she did not know, but she clung to him hard. The foremost Orcs were beating on something that had the strangely hollow sound of wood, and her hope renewed. It must be a door; if they could get the aged planks to budge... Her Uruk released her and shoved his way to the front. His greater weight and strength he now applied desperately, ramming his shoulders against the door hard enough to break wood and bone. Ninety-Nine watched him, willing him to succeed, even as she tilted her chin up to keep the rising waters from filling her mouth. With a rush, the door splintered open, and the water drained swiftly. Ninety-Nine sagged for a moment against the dripping wall, her legs gone weak. The half-drowned snaga behind her darted past and out, hissing at the sun but likely grateful for it nonetheless. A dark form blocked the light from the end of the tunnel and she slowly looked up at the Uruk's black silhouette. Without a word, he extended his hand to her. I promised him payment , she reminded herself and bit her lip. Slowly, she placed her small pale hand in his great black one, and closed her eyes for a moment, collecting herself. Just one more... then peace. When he pulled her into the sunlight, she was momentarily blinded and covered her eyes with her free hand. Even with her eyes shielded, the light was too much to bear after so long beneath the ground. The cold, crisp air bit through her soaked tunic and made her shiver. "Come," the Uruk urged, tugging lightly on her hand. "Go from here." She forced herself to look at him. His face was fierce and brutally-lined, his expression unreadable. If he sought to calm her racing heart and shattered nerves, he had a difficult task ahead of him, for now that the worst was over, all that she held at bay came thundering forth. Shaking hard and trying not to weep, she nodded shortly and willed her feet to follow him. Letting him guide her, she looked about. They were on a wooded mountainside. Glancing back, she could not see the valley of the wizard or his tower, and wondered if they were outside the ring of rock that surrounded it. The trees were just beginning to bud as spring neared, and the forest floor was strewn with damp leafy detritus from a long winter. The Orcs who had escaped with them were nowhere to be seen. Her rescuer, if he could be called so, led her silently through the woods for a good distance, perhaps a few miles. Her feet were torn and bleeding, her body near frozen, when he finally halted. "This good," he growled, and urged her to sit on a fallen log. Then he ranged about, gathering twigs and broken branches to make a fire. Ninety-Nine hugged herself and watched him warily. Since coming into the light, she'd avoided looking at his body, for it was merely a reminder of the foul torments she'd endured. But now she looked, and her brow furrowed. His naked torso was laddered with scars. Were the pits so dark she never saw such markings, or had she blinded herself to their brutal bodies to diminish the horror of what they did? Seeing what were unmistakably cuts made by the lash, she remembered the Pitmaster's heavy hand and his favored tool for gaining compliance. She herself bore a few, received early before the will to fight the Pitmaster was smothered. This Uruk seemed to have never taken the lesson to heart. Down his back at his waist and descending into his breeches was a fresh wound, recently sewn. Amongst the lash marks and other injuries, she could make out the curved abrasions that could only have been made by hooves, and wondered if this was the injury that kept him from fulfilling his duty. She silently thanked Béma for personally laying him low, and putting enough kindness in him to see her to safety, no matter what befell her after. The air was clean, the breeze fresh, the sun warm enough to drive a small amount of chill away. So long had these things been denied her, they were as priceless treasures. She took a deep breath and sighed with relief. The Uruk worked diligently for several minutes, finally producing a flicker between the sticks he rubbed so vigorously. Hunching over with a pained grimace, he nurtured the tiny flame, blowing gently and feeding it carefully. Soon a healthy fire crackled, and Ninety-Nine reached toward it gratefully. He stood and stretched, rubbing his back with a wince, then turned to her. She slowly looked up. "Find meat now," he growled low in his throat. She nodded wordlessly, a thread of worry running through her. "What of... the others?" she asked timidly as he turned away. He halted and looked back at her. "The other Orcs, that came through the tunnel," she clarified. He shrugged. "Run off. Master don't call to'em." "Please," she said urgently. "Will they... come back? While you are gone?" He shook his head. "No. They got free. Runnin' north." "What about... you?" she forced herself to ask. Even though his absence would likely make her feel more comfortable, she was loathe to be left alone so close to the place of her imprisonment and torture. "Where will you go?" "Master calls," he said. Then he grimaced and shuddered. His rough voice lowered to a growl. "Master calls. Not free, like them." He shook his body as though to dislodge an annoying insect and said, "Not listen to Master. Got free." He thumped his chest for emphasis and added, "Stay free." Nodding to her, he turned and limped from the clearing. Ninety-Nine frowned, unsure what he meant by being free now. Wasn't he free before?