body, as if in apology, while the other unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. Slowly, Lily eased them down, and helped Percy step out of them, leaving him standing only clad in his boxer briefs. Percy tried to move his hands in front of him, protecting his privates from sight, but Lily gently, but firmly, prevented him from doing so. Instead, she placed her hand on Percy's cock, rubbing it until it began to harden. "Do you like what you're seeing?" she asked the audience teasingly. The crowd roared. "Do you want to see more?" she continued. The answering roar was an obvious answer. "Percy is a bit nervous, this been his first time", she said, as Percy blushed at the double-entendre. "If you want to see more, let Percy know that he's appreciated here." The crowd roared even louder than ever, but this time, the shouting coalesced into a rhythmic chant of Percy's name. As Lily had obviously planned, Percy relaxed a bit, relishing the attention that he was receiving. It also helped that he couldn't see the dozens of eyes that were ogling him. Percy felt tension that he hadn't even realised he was carrying fly away. Lily, sensing this changed, pulled the waistband of Percy's underwear away from the demigod's body. Percy knew that she had glanced inside from the lewd remark about the size of his cock she made to the audience. The crowd's chanting grew in intensity, as their collective lust grew. Lily released Percy's underwear, then spoke quietly to him alone. "This is what we're going to do", she explained. "You'll get more tips if you make the crowd work for their entertainment. I'll help you turn away from the audience, then take off your briefs. That way, the crowd will get an eyeful of your ass, but will have to try harder to see your cock. Are you following me?" When Percy nodded, Lily continued. "Ok. Let's do it." Percy turned away from the audience, giving a sly, unseen smile as Lily addressed the audience. "Percy's a bit too shy tonight" she said. The audience howled in protest, but Lily was unrepentant. "Our performers are the most important people here", she said over the hubbub. Then, without warning either the audience, or Percy, she gripped the seat of Percy's underwear, and pulled out. To Percy's shock, the back half of his briefs were ripped out. Instinctively, he reached back, feeling hole where his ass was exposed to the crowd. Lily must be really strong, he mused to himself, as Lily swatted his hands away, then playfully smacked his ass. Percy let out an exaggerated howl, playing along with Lily's game. The rowdy crowd lapped up this performance. Lily grabbed the waistband of his underwear, and pulled, leaving Percy fully nude. The volume of the crowd increased, as they begged for Percy to turn around. Instead, Lily walked up behind him, and, after squeezing his ass, reached around him. The feeling of her cool hand on his cock made it jump in her hand. Percy's cock had been mostly hard previously, but now, it reached its full length. Percy stood facing away from the crowd, with Lily slowly jerking his cock, and giving the crowd a run down of what was happening. Percy arched his back as arousal spread throughout his body, and swamped his mind. Lily held onto Percy's cock, and as waves of arousal crashed down over his body, led him around the stage, giving the crowd their first view of his naked body. A roar erupted from in front of the stage. Lily left Percy standing in the middle of the stage, precum dripping from his cock, his baffled mind taking in what was happening. Since he was blindfolded, Percy couldn't even tell if he was facing the crowd, or not. For a short space of time, he had been completely consumed by the hand on his cock; the lack of sight had seemed to make the feeling even more intense. When Lily let go of his cock, Percy felt himself come back into his own mind. The roar of the crowd rushed into his ears, and he remembered where he was for the first time in minutes. He realised that Lily was speaking. "Once again", she was saying, "I present Percy to you! Look at him in his total glory! I hope that he's met your expectations as he's met mine." The chaotic wall of sound from the audience took on a more ordered chant again, this time not Percy's name, but one word – cum. Lily's hand touched Percy's cock again, and he immediately forgot the shouting crowd. All that existed for him was the hand on his cock. Lily took her time, slowly sliding her hand up and down Percy's cock, before speeding up as Percy got close to his climax. Finally, Percy came, his cock spasming in Lily's hand until Percy was drained. Percy couldn't recall how he got off the stage. After the blindfold was removed, Percy was assaulted by so many colours and lights. Still riding on the high of his climax, Percy only really came to as he was sitting in a small change room, dressed in the clothes he had been wearing, except for his underwear, which were beyond repair. The manager stood in front of him, and passed him a white envelope filled with banknote. Percy quickly counted them, then looked up at the manager. "This is more money than we agreed to", he said, his forehead wrinkled in confusion. The manager smiled at Percy. "The rest is all from tips", he chortled. "You were one of the most popular performances we've had in a while. If you ever need money again, we will be more than happy to help you." Percy shook the manager's hand, and walked out into the warm Nevadan night, happy that, at least for the next few months, he wouldn't have to worry about paying his tuition fees.