its length. He groaned as electrical signals, from his own body, this time, sped to the pleasure centre of his brain. Leo stroked his cock again. It felt so good. Quickly, Leo slipped out of his boxers, and sat back on the floor, fully naked. His cock stood to attention, perpendicular to his body, in all its 9 inches of glory. Leo's hand immediately found its way back to his cock, and the demigod resumed slowly stroking himself. Meanwhile, electrical currents were surging from the celestial bronze dildo into Leo. With each surge, it stimulated a part of the demigod's body. If Leo had been coherent enough to observe what the dildo was doing, he would have thought that it seemed like the electric currents were looking for something. The electricity would stimulate a finger, or an ear, and when Leo gave it no response, try again. Generally, Leo didn't even notice the electric current. Occasionally, he would absently swipe at whatever part had just been stimulated, as if shooing away a fly. Leo only noticed something other that his aching cock when the dildo sent an electric current to his asshole. It twitched, and Leo felt a sort of itch there. That brought him out of his reverie. Leo looked around with glassy eyes, as if noticing where he was for the first time. He seemed befuddled. Leo took his hand off his cock, then traced it down to touch his hole. It twitched again at his touch. Leo circled his hole with his index finger a few times, then slowly pushed it in. He got up to the first knuckle, before it got too tight, but Leo just breathed deeply, relaxed, and tried again. After a few minutes of perseverance, Leo was able to get his whole finger inside his hole. Slowly, Leo added a second finger, and before long, both his index and middle fingers were buried deep inside him. While Leo was fingering himself, his cock had been left alone. It only twitched, and leaked precum. Once Leo had succeeded in pushing in two fingers, he removed them both, then stared at his hand. Leo's mind felt addled. He knew that he wanted both to jerk off, and to finger himself, but couldn't seem to see how. Leo brought his other hand up. It still carried the celestial bronze dildo. Leo just couldn't seem to let go of it. Slowly, an idea formed in his mind, so simple that he wondered why he hasn't thought of it before. He had a dildo, an object made with the intention of putting it in someone's ass. He could use it. Leo placed the tip of the dildo at his entrance. Although it still felt cold in his hand, the tip of the dildo was warm against his skin. Slowly and carefully, Leo pushed the dildo inside him, careful not to hurt himself by mistake. It was easier than he expected. His body seemed to open up to let the dildo in. When the dildo was in up to its base, Leo pulled it out, then thrust it back in. His other hand resumed stroking his cock, slowly and steadily. The dildo, now that it was used to Leo's body, began to vibrate, and send small electrical sparks into the surrounding organs inside him. Leo gasped as his pleasure seemed to be heightened by more than ten times. The celestial bronze dildo seemed to reach a point inside him that controlled Leo's pleasure, and whenever the dildo touched it, it would vibrate more, and send an extra large spark to stimulate it. Somehow, and afterwards, Leo wasn't sure how, Leo got even harder. If he had been conscious of anything but his own pleasure, Leo would have worried that his cock was about to explode, literally. Leo had no idea how long he sat like that – one hand stroking his diamond-hard cock, the other pushing the celestial bronze dildo deep inside him. Time seemed to stand still. Suddenly, Leo shuddered. As if his body had been given permission, he knew that he was about to cum. At the same time, the dildo gave Leo's insides the largest shock yet. That pushed Leo over the edge. With a loud yell, Leo came. Ropes of cum erupted from his cock, coating his chest. Leo came so hard, that he nearly blacked out. For a few minutes, Leo lay on the ground of the storage room – covered in the own cum, the bronze dildo still stuck deep inside him. Slowly, Leo came to his senses. He sat up, and looked around, as if seeing the storage room for the first time. As he did so, Leo winced. His hand reached down to his ass, and grabbed the dildo. Carefully, Leo pulled it out of his hole. Before he got up to clean himself, Leo absent-mindedness played with his hole. It was much looser than it had been, but even this fleeting touch was nearly enough to arouse him. Leo got up, found some towels to wipe himself clean, then got dressed. When Leo turned to the door, he found Buford, the wonder table standing in his way. "You are amazing", Leo marvelled, appreciating the craftsmanship of the table again. "If you want to, you can come and help me", he offered. Buford jumped up and down happily, then burst through the storage room door to do a lap of Bunker Nine in his excitement. Leo stood in the doorway, watching him. Then he looked down to the celestial bronze dildo that he still clutched. He frowned at it. "What do I do with you?" Leo asked himself. He was about to throw the dildo away, when he changed his mind. It was going to be a long few months, and lonely at times. It would be good for him to have something to use for entertainment. Leo smiled to himself, and walked back into the main cavern of Bunker Nine.