downing my eighth shot. Lysander sat by my feet, gently brushing his head against my legs in a comforting manor. "Lysander, thats her immortal peacock isn't it?" Annabeth asked. "Yes, she adores that bird." Zeus replied; avoiding his daughters' glares. "You don't sound happy." A female voice chirped from beside me. "Who talked to her?" "Thats what we're going to find out Connor!" Startled, I jumped nearly ten feet in the air and dropped my shot glass before turning to face the young brunette sliding into the seat next to mine. "Well at least we know she has brown hair." "Connor!" Lou Ellen complained. Hermes smiled proudly. She was pretty, gorgeous even, with curly hair, hazel eyes, and a friendly smile. Aphrodite squealed, while Zeus scowled. She made herself comfortable, before looking at me and grinned. Blinking, my godliness abruptly kicked in and I was assaulted by her information. "Did she just say Godliness?" "The rules of grammer don't apply to her." Name: Susan Holt Age: 21 Occupation: Veterinarian Technician Family: Deceased Home: Fresno, CA Status: Virgin "You guys can tell if someones' still a virgin?" The immortals with kids looked pointedly at their children, "Yes." About 1/3 of the campers looked embarrassed. Apparently, I looked a bit stupid. She giggled, "Do you always act so shocked whenever someone talks to you?" "Does she?" "Oh my gods," Lou Ellen pulled at her hair. "Connor I'm going to murder you." Aphrodite shared looks with her children. I smirked, "Only when it involves a pretty lady." The love goddess squealed, Zeus growled, and others stared at the book. "Wait," Dakota asked. "Is Queen Hera bisexual?" "Yes," Aphrodite answered still bouncing in her seat. "Most gods are." The demigods looked at the gods and goddesses, who nodded in agreement with the love goddess. 'Alright,' most thought. 'I can accept that.' She blushed and looked away, while I smiled; a smug feeling washed over me, 'Still got it.' A lot of people laughed. After she got that blush under control, she turned to me. "Well, someones a smartaleck aren't they?" "She is." I couldn't help but grin, "Only when it comes to pretty ladies ma'am." Aphrodite and her demigod children, both greek and roman, squealed. Others groaned and covered their ears. Artemis glared. She huffed and signaled for a bartender, all while watching me out of the corner of her eye. "Bartender! Two shots over here!" I raised my eyebrows, "I wouldn't drink those if I were you. This isn't exactly a 'safe' bar to drink at." "Aww, she cares." She smirked and pointed at the many empty glasses surrounding me, "Hypocrite." "Hera is one of the only gods who never seems to get drunk," Nemesis shrugged. "She can hold her liquor." I shrugged. "I'm immune." "Thats true. 'Date Rape' drugs don't affect us. But it truly sad mortals have to worry about that." Athena commented. "That is true," Piper crossed her arms. "Date Rape drugs are horrible, but people who actually use them are even worse." All the females voiced their agreement, while the boys wisely kept quiet. Since, girls were usually targeted and not boys. After a few minutes things calmed down and Hestia continued. I could tell she didn't believe me, but she let it go. "This mortals perspective." Grabbing the shots from the bartender; she handed me one. "Payment for the drink I made you drop." Nemesis and her children made a sound of approval. Thanking her, I clinked my glass against hers before downing the drink; the alcohol created a pleasant burning sensation as it trickled down my throat. Dionysus sighed. Setting the glass back down, I introduced myself. "I'm Hera Olympia." Travis and Connor snickered, "Really? Hera Olympia." The gods shrugged, "Thats everyones' cover name." " Olympia? " "Hey! It works doesn't it?" She raised an eyebrow, "Thats an interesting name. I'm Susan Holt." I laughed, "I moved here from Greece a few years ago. My parents were big on Greek mythology ." "Well, thats one way to put it." Leo said; fiddling with a Wii remote. "Thats cool." I looked at her curiously. "So what egged you on to approach me out of the blue." "Thats what we all want to know." Susan pointed at my feet, "Well I wanted to know how you managed to get your bird past the bouncers." Everyone looked confused. "Wait! She can see the bird?" Octavian asked. "Apparantly. She must be clear sighted." Ares grunted, sharpening his knife. "Oh." Confusion hit me. And looking down at Lysander I realized she could see him. "You... you can see him?" "I believe that was already established," Hypnos yawned. She gave me a funny look; staring at me like I just went full retard, Annabeth smiled, "Percy does that alot." "Hey!" Annabeth kissed his cheek, "Sorry seaweed brain." He blushed, "Its okay Wise girl." Aphrodite gushed. "Yes. Why is he suppose to be an invisible bird or something?" "Only to mortals." A chill raced up my spine. She was clear sighted. "We know." Suddenly I was glad I didn't have any of my godly apparel on my. Since, I really didn't want her asking why I was dressed like I belong at a yoga party. Hermes, Apollo, their children, and Leo all cracked up. But looking at her an idea sparked inside me. "Tell you what. How about you let me treat you to breakfast tommorow, and I'll answer any questions you have." "Ahhhh!" Aphrodite squealed. "Hera asked her on a date!" Zeus growled; leaning back in his throne and mumbling threats. "Oh get over yourselves," Demeter scolded. "She just offered her breakfast." "Whatever you say~" "APHRODITE!" "So," Hestia spoke up, effectively silencing the fighting deities. "Who wants to read next?" Athena raised her hand, "I will." Hestia stood up and handed the book to her. Athena opened the book, cleared her throat, and then began to read. Chapter Two. Well, heres the end. Don't worry, the chapters will be longer. Remember to R&R!