demigods and minor deities near the entrance to the throne room. The former queen of the gods kept a protective hand on her pregnant abdomen, gently running her thumb in circles. Aphrodite squealed when she entered the throne room; excitedly greeting her children in attendance, before bouncing over to where Hera sat and engulfing the goddess in a hug, "LOOK AT YOU! You're glowing!" The love goddess hovered a hand over the swollen stomach, "May I?" Hera nodded once; holding back a smile when Aphrodite pressed her hand to her stomach and cooed, "Oh he's a strong one! He's going to be quite the handsome boy. You will certainly have your work cut out for you when the girls notice him!" Annabeth groaned, while Percy smirked. Hera sent them amused looks, then looked at Aphrodite, "It seems he'll be quite the heartbreaker then?" "No," Aphrodite smiled. "He'll be loyal like his father. I can see that much already." "Good," Annabeth nodded her head; peeking around the throne to look at her seaweed-brain. After a few minutes of idle chatter with Aphrodite, the love goddess went to her seat, and Zeus thundered; signaling the start of the Solstice meeting. As always, Hera avoided eye contact with him; the pain he'd put her through was still fresh on everyone's minds, and Hera wasn't particularly ready to start treating him as if it was all okay. It was then, Luke began to sweat. Zoe shot him a nervous look, and looked around the room; searching for whatever it was that caused the tight feeling in their chests. That was when it happened. A cracking sound echoed throughout the room, causing everyone to cease their arguments and look around in confusion. "Look!" Athena pointed to the ceiling, where a huge whirlpool of golden sand swirled constantly. Luke and Zoe only had a moment to take it in, when something invisible lashed around their legs, and began to drag them across the floor and into the air. Zoe cried out in pain when her head bounced against the marble floor once, while Luke began frantically clawing at the ground for anything to grab onto. Most of the gods jumped forward to help them, their parents in the lead. But it was too late, and Luke screamed as he grabbed onto Zoe and pulled her close; their bodies were engulfed into the golden sand. "Luke! Zoe!" Annabeth screamed; her grey eyes panicked. But it was too late, and the last thing the two tribloods saw was the tear stricken face of their parents, the panicked looks of their siblings, and the angry and confused looks on the Olympians faces as they watched the two fifth-teen year olds disappear into the portal; the golden whirlpool shrinking after them, effectively closing the only doorway to wherever they were taken. Percy screamed in frustration and threw Riptide to the ground, while Hera wiped the tears from her face as she struggled to keep the despair from overtaking her. The children all stayed silent, the younger ones recognizing a bad situation and clinging to their older siblings. Annabeth continued to gaze at the ceiling, a million thoughts clouded her mind like an overcast day. 'I'll find you,' Annabeth silently vowed. 'I'll find my children and bring them home. And whoever took them from me will suffer for it.' There were quite a few places Zoe expected to wake up in. A dungeon, a torture chamber, maybe even Tartarus. The infirmary at Camp Half-Blood wasn't quite what she expected. Her eyes swam with unshed tears, and a pounding ache in her head told her the hit she took to her skull had caused some damage. "Zoe?" The daughter of Hera gasped, turning her head in the infirmary bed to look at her brother, "Luke? Is that you?" "Yeah," Luke grinned back at her. He had sunglasses on, and it took Zoe a minute to figure out she did too. "They put these on us to keep the light from irritating our eyes. We've been out for twelve hours." Zoe struggled and looked out the window. Sure enough, the sun was just rising over the horizon, "Why are we at Camp Half-Blood?" Luke's face turned grim, "That's the thing. We landed here, but I don't think it's the same." The girl scrunched up her face, "What do you mea-" She was interrupted by a familiar female walking into the infirmary, the grey eyes taking in every detail. Zoe held back a gasp when the demigod turned to face them, and walked over to them when she saw they were awake, "You two look like you've seen a ghost." Luke gave her a warning look, while Zoe tried to swallow the lump in her throat, "We've just had a long day." The blonde snorted, "I'll say. Fighting in the giant war will do that to you. Although, I haven't seen you two around before. You must of arrived after I left in the Argo 2. My names Annabeth Chase, Daughter of Athena and head councilor of Cabin Six." "I'm Zoe," the tri-blood stuttered out. "This is my brother Luke." As expected, Annabeth's eyes darkened at the name, but she quickly covered it up, "Nice to meet you two. I guess I'll see you guys around then. If you need any directions feel free to ask." They nodded and watched as she turned and left; going to talk to an Apollo camper working on another injured demigod. Zoe slumped in her bed. Luke was right. This wasn't their Camp Half-Blood. No. They had been sent into the past. And it's done! Now, since this story is based after Blood of Olympus. It will be mostly canon compliant! Tell me what you think in reviews, and no flames please! Don't like, don't read. Simple as that. Next update in a few days, I'm thinking two or three if I can really write it out quickly and if school doesn't drown me. Until the next time~