bathroom counter, using her hands on either side of her waist to trap her between the counter and her front. She glared at the half-blood pushing her back; her eyes becoming more and more dangerous as she growled, but the potion started to blur her vision in a curtain of purple mist as it became harder and harder to resist the effects, "You better stop this. Right. Now." Annabeth smirked and lifted her up onto the counter, simultaneously hiking up Hera's dress to her thighs and running her hands over the smooth skin, "Or what?" Hera narrowed her eyes at the daughter of Athena, but was forced to bit down hard on her lip as she was forced back; her legs casually thrown over the blondes' shoulders. Annabeth slowly leaned down and brushed her lips against the goddess's collar bone, and grinded into the other woman's hips. Hera groaned. Her back arching off the counter as she threw her head back when the action brought a certain sensation rushing up her spine. Percy hopped up on the counter beside the marriage goddess and clicked his tongue at his girlfriend, "You hog. Save some for me." Annabeth chuckled deviously, "Patience, seaweed brain. You'll get your turn. And really? Can you blame me? Making sounds like that, and I haven't even taken her clothes off yet." Hera panted; the potion starting to take over her mind, beginning to leave her completely at the two demigods' mercy, "You won't get that chance. I won't allo-!" She bit back a moan as the blonde adjusted her legs, so that they were hooked over her arms as she rolled her hips into the woman writhing underneath her, "Really now? You look ready to beg us to take you. To make you scream our name, over and over until it's the last thing you remember." Percy and Annabeth smiled down at the goddess; the purple mist in their eyes corrupting their minds, and turning them into a form of predator more dangerous than any other. Annabeth gestured to her boyfriend, who nodded quickly, before jumping down from the counter. Hera had to stifle a gasp as the son of Poseidon lifted her into his arms, before moving from the bathroom and to the bedroom; laying her down on the king sized bed, and pulling her into his lap so that they were face to face. Annabeth's arms circled her from behind, and Hera realized she was firmly sandwiched between the two. The queen of the gods shook her head slowly, her mind on the last lines of defense against the spell that already wrecked the two surrounding her and breathed out strangled sentence, "I won't give in." Percy chuckled lowly, as he pulled the white, pristine gown over the goddess's head and Annabeth smirked against the skin of her neck as a mischevious hand ventured down a toned stomach; causing Hera to arch into the offending appendage and cry out as it reached it's destination, "Oh my queen, you already have." Percy was the one to wake up first. His mind was swimming with memories of the party, and the terrible headache that plagued them. However, once he realized he was naked in some strangers bed, and he had no memory of how he ended up in this situation. Well, he wanted to panic. However, once he spotted Annabeth's signature strawberry-blond hair, he visually deflated in relief. At least he hadn't went and slept with someone else, and ended up cheating. If there was one thing he never wanted to do, it was cheat on Annabeth. However, he soon realized it wasn't just them in the bed. Firmly wedged between their two bodies under the sheets was another woman. Her back was flush against Annabeth's', with both her arms wrapped around the mystery woman's waist. The persons face was buried in the pillow she was resting on, the sheet covering all three of them rested on her chest protecting her from any accidental exposures. Percy gently rested on his elbow, and reached over the woman to shake Annabeth awake. Her eyes gently opened, and she rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. "What? OH MY GODS, WHAT HAPPENED!" Percy quickly shushed her, before gesturing to the woman between them, "This is bad. I can't even tell who it is!" Annabeth held up a finger to her lips, before brushing the hair out of the woman's face, and slowly tilting her head back so they could figure out her identity. As soon as they saw her face, their stomachs dropped. Annabeth hissed quietly, and pulled her arms back slowly from around the goddess's waist, "HERA!? How the hades did we end up sleeping with Hera!?" Percy rubbed his temple, "I think I remember something about her panicking right before we took the remedy, but I can't remember much of anything else." He blushed, "Just some flashes of what happened while we were... uhh, indisposed." Annabeth sighed angrily, before wincing and making sure they hadn't woken up the lose cannon, "I remember something about Hermes and Aphrodite. They must of messed with the remedy. It probably caused this whole situation." Percy opened his mouth to speak, when he caught sight of a wide-eyed Hera staring up at the two of them quietly arguing above her. The demigods immediately held up their hands, and backed away from her. Each of them wrapping a sheet around them from the bed, "I don't know what happened! I swear! We are just as confused as you are!" Hera gave them a look of pure murder, before sitting up, carefully making sure the sheet hadn't faulted in covering her chest. She growled and nearly snarled, "YOU BETTER PRAY TO ALL THE GODS YOU'RE TELLING THE TRUTH!" Annabeth and Percy shared a tortured glance, 'Oh, we are so screwed.' Well? What do you think? Please leave a review, but no flames please. If you don't like it, don't read it. Until the next time~