to stiffen when she felt it against her thigh. Percy arched an eyebrow when he saw it, "And you say I have an ego wise girl?" Annabeth blushed, "Shut up, I've never done this before." "Hurry," Hera tried to adjust underneath the blushing woman. "I want to get this over with, or else the suspense might end up hurting more than the sex." The new ruler rolled her eyes and licked two fingers, reaching down between their bodies so that she could rub against Hera's center. The older immortal gasped and grasped at Annabeth's back as she was checked and prepared by her new consort; her hips moving involuntarily against the fingers rubbing against her clit. Annabeth chewed on her lip uncertainly, "You're barely wet. If I pushed in, it wouldn't of been much better than taking you dry!" "Well excuse me!" Hera growled; although Annabeth and Percy could see the pleasure she was trying to fight. "I didn't really plan to enjoy this!" "And I'm not planning on it either!" Annabeth snarled, "But I don't want to cause you pain! We may not get along that well, but this is entirely different! If we want to make any part of this work, we have to try! And that means treating eachother with respect and dignity; especially when we're in bed like this! " Hera looked like she wanted to cuss her out, instead she sighed and nodded her head, "Fine! Just stop touching me there, you've already prepared me!" Annabeth complied and pulled her fingers away; pushing the queen's legs apart with her thighs, and positioning the head of her new member at the other's entrance. "Are you ready?" The younger female looked at the older, waiting for confirmation. Hera nodded slowly, and Annabeth closed her eyes and pushed in. Immediately, Hera's whole body jerked away from the blonde. Her eyes clenched shut as she cursed in ancient greek, and Annabeth pressed securely against the one underneath her; simultaneously pulling her close and burying her head in the marriage goddess's neck. She moved her hip forward until she was fully sheathed inside of the brunette; Percy reached over to rub his hand in smoothing circles across the lower part of Hera's abdomen, much like he had done the first time Annabeth and he had slept together. Only she couldn't remember it hurting enough to cause tears; just like how Hera had escaping her closed eyes. "I forgot how much this hurt," the marriage goddess murmured, wrapping her arms around Annabeth's neck. "I'm never doing this again." "Fine by me," the blonde muttered; trying to focus on anything but the insanely pleasurable way Hera's warmth clenched around her member. Percy noticed the look on her face and smirked, "Difficult, isn't it?" "Shut up seaweed brain." "Rude." "Can you two stop!?" Hera asked; carefully moving her hips in a circular motion, testing how sensitive she was. Annabeth looked down at her, "Can I move or do you need more time?" Hera flexed her toes; her face was uncertain and a little scared. Annabeth wondered if that was because of Zeus; how well did he treat her? Did he make sex uncomfortable or even painful for her? The new 'king' of Olympus wasn't raging to find out, but she'd definitely look into it; at least so that she could avoid any problems in the future. "Move," Hera moved her hands down Annabeth's back. "Slowly, until I say otherwise." Annabeth complied. Although, she couldn't help but notice with growing concern that Hera never did stop crying. Percy's thrusts were wild, yet restrained. As if he was itching to be let loose, but was afraid to hurt the whimpering woman underneath him. Annabeth had managed to get through the first round at a reasonable pace; Hera had even seemed to enjoy it somewhat, which is something Annabeth hadn't expected. She'd went one more time with the goddess, opting to let Hera ride her instead of keeping the woman on her back the whole time. Percy seemed to have the same idea, currently starting in missionary position. Any pain Hera had from first being taken was only a dull ache in the back of her mind, as she seemed enjoying it enough to allow Percy to lift her hips off the bed and thrust his own against hers'; working to reach completion. She didn't moan a whole lot; probably because some part of her mind reminded her she was suppose to hate these particular people. If only she wasn't married to them. To her defense, Annabeth and Percy hadn't moaned much either. But that was only because they were still a bit awkward with the situation. It was then Percy pressed down against her body; screwing her into the mattress as he reached his end with a long groan. Hera shuddered as she felt him explode inside her; his seed mixing with Annabeth's within the marriage goddess's fertile womb. Percy pulled out and flopped onto his back with a content sigh, "Done." Annabeth raised an eyebrow, "You're not going again?" The son of Poseidon shook his head, "I'm tired, and I think Hera's a bit worn out. Between you and me, we've been at it for an hour." "He's right," Hera sighed and pulled the covers up over her body. "I'm tired. If we have sex again tonight, I might fall asleep." Annabeth shrugged and laid back against the mattress, "Fine. Good night." Percy and Annabeth fell asleep pretty quick after that; the day's events catching up to them and lulling the two new gods into a deep sleep. Hera blinked slowly and wiped the tears from her face, careful not to wake the two surrounding her. She pressed a hand to her stomach as she fought back the unease inside her, before closing her eyes and falling into a dreamless sleep. And part one is done! BE SURE TO LEAVE A REVIEW YOU AWESOME PEOPLE! I LOVE HEARING YOUR RESPONSES! Until the next time~