arms around Reyna as the countdown started on the screen. Reyna gave him a little glare. "Just kidding. Smile for the camera." The praetors smiled brightly as it flashed. They pair readjusted, this time Reyna peeking out of the curtains for their target. Jason pulled her back, wrapping his arms lightly around her shoulders. "Now you're looking too long. Are you trying to make me jealous?" She struck her tongue out at him as the camera flashed. The pair blinked their eyes, shifting again. "I think we have one more." Reyna replied as she turned to Jason. "Make this one count." "Silly faces?" Jason asked, coaxing a laugh from Reyna. The camera flashed before they could get ready. "Oh well, missed opportunity. You find our guy. I'll grab the photos." Jason sighed as he helped Reyna up. "You really like her." Jason hummed as he pulled out his wallet. A teenage girl manned the printing station. She held out two copies of their photo session. The first one was a typical couple shot of Jason and Reyna cuddling. The second one Reyna was sticking out tongue out at Jason. The last shot was the best one. Reyna was laughing as Jason stared at her with a fond expression. "You and your girlfriend are adorable." Jason laughed as he handed her the bills, looking at the photos with a small smile. "We're –" Jason moved to say but was cut off when Reyna appeared. "We need to go. Now. Thank you." Reyna said to the girl before grabbing Jason's hand and pulled him into the crowd. Jason shoved the photos in his pocket, trying to focus on the task at hand and not the feel of her fingers tightly clasp in his. 1 "Are they a couple?" Jason looked up automatically, words of denial on his lips when he noticed the barista's line of sight. She wasn't looking at Jason with a kind fond smile. She was nudging her friend as she scribbled Jason's order, nodding to the window where they could see a dark haired young man and the female praetor. "He's the new augur, right Jason?" Jason blinked, frowning as he turned his head. Reyna stood there with her back to the café. A huge camera was held in her hands as she aimed down the Roman cobblestone roads. A young man with messy hair hovered behind her, gently adjusting her aim. His touch seemed innocent as he lifted her arm a bit, placed his hand on her back to straighten it. They were close. If Reyna took a step back, she would collide with his lean chest. His chin lingered by her shoulder. Their cheeks brushed unnoticeably. "Yeah, that's Parker." Rachel cut in, arching her eyebrow at Jason. "He'll be around a lot." The Roman barista nodded her head as she finished their orders. Jason slipped her a few coins before Rachel tugged him to wait for their drinks. She didn't say anything, which Jason was grateful for. Things between him and Reyna felt odd. They never really had a chance to speak about what happened over the last year. Titans, gods and goddesses always founded a way to interfere. With Octavian's death, Frank's new rank and chaos in general, Reyna and the Romans needed to rush home to sort things out. Jason was surprised when Frank called him, requesting Rachel and him. "Do you think he's an augur?" Jason asked as he noticed Rachel observing the pair as well. The redhead shrugged her shoulders as she gathered her hair up and used a paintbrush to twist it up. "Do I look like the Oracle of Delphi?" She countered as they accepted their drinks. "Think of it this way, Jason, you'll like him better than Octavian." Jason wasn't sure as he watched Reyna bump into Parker's chest, laughing at something he must have whispered into her ear. "Ok, you're not allow to use this anymore." Jason caught a bit of Parker's tease. He held the camera in his nimble hands, clicking through the pictures Reyna took. "How can you be so bad? There's an auto focus function." Parker laughed as Reyna shoved him. He was a lanky lean guy with sharp emerald eyes and infectious grin. He tugged a bit of Reyna's loose hair, holding the camera up to his eyes. "You are a wonderful model though." "Hey, quit flirting, Casanova." Rachel called out as she bumped Parker's shoulder, ruining his shot. Parker gave her a little glare as he checked his camera. "We're supposed to figure out how your prophecy powers work." She added, handing Reyna her drink. Reyna looked away, hiding the tiny bit of flush on her cheeks. "I'm multi-tasking." Parker quipped back, accepting his drink as well. "We both know my powers don't have an on or off switch. I need to take pictures as well since they're my medium. It's like you and your painting. I'm just enjoying the view at the same time." "You're shameless." Reyna commented as she shoved his side. The boy laughed again, pointing something to Reyna as they walked down the road towards Temple Hill. Jason watched their interaction with dark eyes, that odd feeling churning in his stomach again. "What's wrong, Grace?" Rachel asked as she fell into step beside him. "You've had this sour expression on your face for the whole morning." "It's nothing." Jason lied as he peeked at Reyna and Parker again. Parker was telling Reyna about something in the mortal world, waving his hands animatedly. Reyna smiled in a way like she was trying not to smile too widely. She looked relax for once in a long while. "It's just weird. Everyone used to call Reyna and I a couple. We would laugh it off or play along. It just feels off when she's paired with someone else." "What do you expect, Jason?" Rachel asked as she tucked her hands in her pockets. "She's allowed to move on with her life. You did."