the wrong universe. That's all. This is, as they say, the darkest timeline. Everywhere else, nay, "everywhen" else — us in the Civil War, us in Ancient Egypt, us in the swinging '60s — we are happy. If the Garden of Bacchus was her favorite outside spot, the Hall of Heroes was Reyna's favorite indoor spot. Located underneath the Senate building, the halls were like a walk through the ages. Multiple murals of Roman demigods and legacies lined the walls. They were crafted by the best artisans of the city, created with tender care to mark these brave men and women's feats in history. Reyna ran her fingers over the images, feeling their age. Strong men marched into battles, firm in their belief during the Civil War. Valiant medics helped the wounded with bullets flying over their head on the beach of Normandy. Brave men and women served in their own way. All heroes were highlighted in different ways. Reyna stopped in front of more recent projects. Her heart clenched at the sight of people she recognized. The Krios War wasn't forgiving. They lost many souls during the battles. Reyna reached out, stroking the cheek of an aching familiar face. Felix's handsome face and unwavering green eyes stared back at her. She wished he were here just to have a friend to speak too. A section of the hall was roped off for the Prophecy of Seven. "I knew you would be here." Reyna wasn't surprised to hear Jason's voice bounce off the walls. She closed her eyes, savoring the sound of his voice, warm and familiar. It's been a whole year since she heard it. Way to long for someone who spent four years with him by her side. The lights of the torch danced over the pane of his profile, accenting his high cheekbones and solid chin. Dressed in a gray suit with a dark blue shirt underneath, Jason was very handsome like a storybook hero. Just not her hero. "Hi." "Hey," Reyna replied, feeling a pang in her heart as she really looked at him. If this theory holds, well, by the law of averages, there had to be one universe — just this one — where we don't end up together. Here and now just happens to be it. If you think of it this way, nothing is our fault. Conversation did not flow easier between them. It was difficult to find that natural rhythm they had years ago. Reyna's shoulders were tensed like she was preparing for a physical blow. Jason nervously clenched and unclenched his fists by his side. It's funny, years ago Jason's presence was soothing to her. They used to sneak into each other's room, discussing anything and nothing throughout the night. The heavy silence was suffocating. "I hate your theory of multiverses." Jason said suddenly. Reyna stared at Jason's profile for a fraction of a second before she comprehended his words. A laugh escaped her lips, dissolving the nervous tension between the pair. It was a sad one more like a sob. Jason's lips were curled up in a miserable smile. They both knew what which universe this was. So see, that explains everything. We're not together anymore because of the multiverse. Well, isn't that comforting? "I hate my theory as well." Reyna confessed, reaching out to touch Jason's hand. His fingers laced around hers and squeezed tightly. She pressed herself to his side, leaning her cheek against the rough material of his suit. Jason leaned his cheek against the top of her head as they stared at the mural of their deceased friends. If you're sad, do like I do and just think of the other 'verses. The ones where I believe in love and where I don't hate myself and where I never feel the need to kamikaze relationships. A universe where we can have nice things. It's helpful, right? "Which one is your favorite universe?" Reyna asked as she leaned against the wall. They two sat side-by-side on the cold floor. The sound of the party was muffled from the distance. It was like Reyna and Jason were in their own personal bubble. Jason's gray jacket sat on her bare shoulders like the hug he couldn't give her. Their shoulders touched, a gentle remainder of what they couldn't be. "There's this one universe." Jason started, smiling to himself as he conjured up a memory. "You're a princess but not your typical princess and I'm your knight." Jason looked at her, brushing his finger against her hand casually. "I'm sworn to protect you and you hate me until you didn't." Reyna faced him as well, smiling at the thought. It sounded like one of those cheesy fantasy stories she secretly loved. It would certain end in a happy ending. "What about you?" "I like one of the mortal ones." Reyna answered, threading their fingers together. She looked at Jason like she could see into the universe. "A college one where we're partners in some stupid class and constantly complain to each other about the inept professor or who's banging who. Everyone assume we're dating but we're not. The quarter is slowly approaching and stress and all these silly emotions. We kissed for some silly reason." "So this is our sad ending. The one where we don't end up together." Jason said, reaching up to tug the curl by her cheek. It sprung up and down. "It has to be. Law of averages." Reyna whispered, slowly standing up. Jason mimicked her movements as Reyna shrugged off his jacket. She pressed it against his chest. "Hey, no more looking sad, alright? Think of those other universes." Jason smiled and nodded his head, pulling her into a hug. Reyna curled into his embrace, wrapping her arms tightly around his waist. "Love you." "Love you too." Jason repeated as she pulled away and walked back to real world. Because you could have loved me forever. And maybe in another universe, I let you.