their names as his back arched with pleasure. Percy moaned, the tightness of his lover about to push him over the edge as well when suddenly Jason's hand was on his chest and he was pushing him forcing Percy to pull out. "What the fuck Grace?!" Percy glowered at him. The grin Jason gave in response was so wolfish that it made a shiver crawl up his spine. "One moment love, just gotta take care of sassy over here and then we'll both come cuddle, okay?" said Jason kissing Nico's temple as he nodded curiously and laid the exhausted demigod down on the bed before crawling around him to Percy. The son of Poseidon blinked in surprise as he was suddenly flipped chest first onto the mattress while the Roman pinned him with one hand firmly pressing down between his shoulder blades while his pulled the Greek's hips up into the air with the other. "Holy shit, Jason." gaped Percy shivering as his brain finally caught up to what was going on. "This okay?" asked Jason hesitating slightly, "It just seemed like you might like-" "Oh gods, Jason, yes yes yes! Please!" Percy begged spreading his legs for him and knowing what he must look to his lovers and really not caring. "Fuck- Percy…" breathed Nico, and Percy could feel the heat of his gaze raking over his body and somehow that only served to turn him on more. He knew his dick was practically dripping onto the mattress and that the other two could tell, but he couldn't seem to find it in himself to care. "I am going to fuck you hard and rough, Jackson… you good with that?" Jason growled as he teasingly pressed his cock between Percy's cheeks. "Yes, oh yes, Jason please, I need it!" Percy choked pressing back as well as he could. Jason didn't hesitate, just thrust straight in and started to fuck him fast and hard. Percy clawed at the sheets desperately and he had a feeling his throat was going to be hoarse later from the way each sharp thrust tore an equally sharp and loud sound from him. Even with the prep he'd had earlier the penetration still burned, but he was barely able to register it over the way Jason was fiercely nailing his sweet spot without mercy. Percy loved it. Jason didn't touch his dick but it became increasingly clear he wouldn't need him to. He'd been wound up and on the verge of coming since he woke up to Nico's wet dream. He didn't want it to end, but there was no way he was going to last. Within minutes Percy found himself screaming out his pleasure into the sheets as he came hard. Jason pulled out and after a few moments he felt him spill all over his back. "… If I hadn't just cum twice in the past hour I definitely would have just now." Percy dimly heard Nico state in a slightly strained voice, "Fuck, you guys, that was… really intense." "'uckin awesome is what it was." Percy slurred slightly, not having energy to do much more than lay there. He felt someone- probably Jason- ruffle his hair affectionately. Percy really would have been content to just drift off right there despite laying in his own mess, but then Jason was pulling somewhat upright so that he could wipe him down with a towel. "Let's move to my bed." Said Nico surveying the mess they'd made of the sheets with distaste, "Pretty sure these sheets need to be burned and I am not up for that right now." "Well I don't think I can walk. In fact, I think I am calling in sick since I don't plan on getting out of bed tomorrow." Percy announced. "Sorry." Mumbled Jason sounding embarrassed. "Shit Jason, don't apologize; did I sound like I was complaining?" huffed Percy, still feeling pretty blissed out. "There are other ways of getting to my bed that don't involve walking." Said Nico rolling his eyes as he crawled over to them. Jason made a small noise of protest but Nico had already grabbed onto them and shadow travelled to his much cleaner, thought rather smaller, bed down the hall from where they'd been. "Pretty sure this counts as a misuse of shadow traveling. Will is going to be pissed if he hears you made a jump right after having sex. Twice." Frowned Jason as they got under the covers, this time with Nico laying on Percy's chest with Jason curled into their side. "Good thing it's none of Will's business what I do in my sex life, isn't it?" said Nico giving the two of them stern 'and-you-better-not-be-the-one-to-tell-him-or-else' looks that made Jason grumble and Percy laugh. "But really," said Percy more seriously, "Are you alright? That was a lot, especially for your first time… how is your body holding up?" "I am pretty tired. I'll also think I will be ditching my classes tomorrow, since I think I will still be sore." Admitted Nico closing his eyes in content with his cheek pressed to Percy's chest, "…but it was good. I wasn't sure how it would work with the three of us, but it was really good. I hope we don't wait too long before we try it again." "I am glad." Smiled Jason softly, twining their legs together. "Yeah, next time you two should totally double me." Agreed Percy happily. "What?!" choked Nico, his head shooting up and his cheeks turning an impressive shade of crimson. "Percy…" growled Jason warningly, though he also sounded fairly flustered. "Or I could top Jason while Nico tops me… that'd be fun too." Said Percy thoughtfully. "Oh my gods…" whimpered Nico hiding his face in Percy's chest. "Stop that, we literally just had sex." Jason reprimanded him poking Percy's sides, "Save that for later, it's time to go to sleep." "But guys," Percy grinned up at the dark ceiling, "Just think of all the possibilities."