but it has been decided that we'd be getting a guardian." At they outburst of dissent, she gave them a hard look, quieting them down before she continued. "I know you girls aren't happy with that, nor are you happy that your guardian is a male; I'm not happy either, but our number are too low to risk doing the more dangerous jobs. If another horde of monster arises like that, you will die." The hunters got rather quiet at that, knowing there was truth to their words. Even Zoe, who'd been training in Tartarus, was aware of the magnitude of the previous monster attack. "Now, guardian, would you like to introduce yourself to the hunt." Percy inclined his head, showing his assent. Stepping towards them, he began. "I am Purgatory, though you may just call me Purge for short." In his head, he heard the actual Purge/Purgatory shout, 'Hey! THAT'S MY NAME, YOU ASS!' Ignoring him, though a smirk came over his face that no one could see, he continued. "I will be your guardian, and apparently a bit more, for as long as needed. If you wish for anything from me, and aren't a total androphobe(A/N: A person who is afraid of men, for those who didn't know), you may ask. I will not interfere with the goings on of the hunt, and you will only see me when I can't help but be seen. Try not to "accidentally" kill me. It won't end well for you." With that said, he stepped back, letting Artemis address her girls again as they tried to burn holes into him. With their eyes. Artemis sighed before actually addressing any of them. "Girls, please don't antagonize him too much. He may be male, but he has no intention of hurting any of you, or anyone, for that matter. He's here to do a job, nothing more, nothing less. Now, pack up camp! We've spent too much time in one area, and we have a mission over in Utah, so we need to move now to make good time." Turning to Percy, she said, "You'll be carrying our stuff there, since you can move so fast on those wings of yours." He rolled his shoulder as he said, "No problem.", surprising her with his lack of resistance to the command. Each of the hunters went into a tent, two hunters going into the same one, except for Artemis, Thalia, and Zoe who seemed to get their own, before they came out and the tents became carry bags, folding in on themselves neatly. At least three girls were required to carry each bag over to him before they dropped them in front of him, except Artemis' tent, which she carried herself to his feet. As he brushed off their display as theatrics, only put on to intimidate him, he tried to life one of the bags, only to find it decently heavy. Not too heavy to lift but heavy. "Damn." he said calmly, shocking all the girls except Zoe, as they were previously smirking with anticipation of his inability to life them. Putting it down, he lined up the bags, making sure he could grab each of the four on each side. Gathering them into his hands, he brought back out his wings, but as he began to fly, keeping himself in place, he asked Artemis, "Shouldn't you just travel at night, now that you have such a small group? You could easily fit them into it, because, IF my memory serves, you can change your chariot into something more spacious." Artemis thought for a moment then decided he was right. "Good point, Per- ahem, Purge. I'd grown accustomed to having too large a hunt to fit inside." As she said that, Zoe and Thalia had a simultaneous face palm, not believing they missed that fact. Percy smirked, though none of them could tell, and lowered himself to the ground. Phoebe, one of the hunters, blamed him for the extra work they had to do. "Why didn't you say something earlier, boy!?" Some other hunters rallied behind her, grumpy about having to unpack again. He rolled his eyes, putting the bags down, before answering them. "I didn't know she HADN'T thought of it before. You should be mad at Artemis, not me. But fine, if it'll untie the knot your panties have become, I'll set 'em back up for you." That seemed to placate the girls, as they went back to their camp sites to wait for Percy. He moved speedily along, reaching each girl and allowing them to point at their bag. After a minute, they were all set back up, and the girls were milling around once more, some training, some talking, some going for a walk. Artemis turned to him, asking, "I hope you know how to cook, "Purge", because they'll be judging you harshly in a few hours." He sighed but nodded, having no problems cooking, as he picked up the skill, but not really wanting criticism on it today. As she pointed to the food tent, he made his way there with slow steps, regretting the job slightly. 'Well, I was warned.' A/N: And that's a wrap, folks. Tell me what you think so far. Oh, and if you think he's a bit too chummy with the people that betrayed him, I have two things to tell you. 1. He is neutral with them as he got WAY too much out of it to be mad at all the gods, especially since they were lied to. 2. He's a nice person naturally. Oh, what the hell, I'll give you a third for free: It's my story. Give any suggestions in the reviews and tell me what you think! I'll be glad to get them, and, if they aren't too hard to implement into the the general flow of the story I have planned(kinda), I'll add them. R&R! Have a great day!... unless you'd rather not. I don't own you.