coupled with intertwined hands. Will decides "It might have been," are the saddest words in the human language. Staring up at the skylight in the Apollo cabin, heart thumping a steady march, lungs drawing in oxygen, Will knows he is alive. But for some reason, the constant rush of blood through his veins doesn't feel the same as the rush of excitement when Nico smiles at him, each inhale feels inferior to the moments Nico takes his breath away. He watches the stars fade as the sky lightens and thinks wryly about night and day. Day is only with night for a brief period of time. They don't belong together. When Will is eighteen years old, he hears a commotion outside his cabin. He rushes outside and over to Half-Blood Hill to see a girl straggle over the border, supporting a bleeding satyr. Her eyes are a stormy grey, haunted and tired, but she shoves aside any efforts to help. Will is insistent though, and when he says "I'm the healer," she passes the satyr to him in relief. Call it intuition, or experience, but Will knows that this girl is spiritually broken. When she is claimed by Athena, she acts elated, but Will can see that she is struggling not to collapse in on herself. He sighs as he washes his hands, brushes the bangs out of his face and gives himself a sunny smile in the mirror. "Come help me in the infirmary, doctor's orders." "Keep your hunters away from Camp Half-Blood." Artemis is surprised when Apollo appears beside her. She is even more shocked to see that he looks serious, making him look like an immortal, rather than an idiotic seventeen year old boy. "Why, may I ask?" "You are not to have them recruit a girl named Alyssa, daughter of Athena." Apollo demands, eyes blazing. Artemis is confused, and then understanding dawns on her. "Are you in love with another girl?" she sniffs in disdain, "Because if that's the case, maybe I should have her join us before she has the unfortunate pleasure of meeting you." Apollo slams his palm down on the table Artemis is seated at. The goddess has never seen her brother so riled up. "No, but my son, Will, is going to fall in love with her." Artemis looks at him quizzically. While she will admit that one redeeming quality of her brother is that he claims his children quickly, she had never seen him as a "good" father. Apollo sighs in defeat and braces himself against the table. "Will can fix people. He can fix anyone, no matter how broken they are. But they never stay. They never fucking stay for him." Artemis is almost sure she is hallucinating because there are tears in her brother's eyes. "His entire life is going to be one patient after another. He's going to fix the most damaged ones and never get anything in return except the satisfaction of a job well done. Please," his voice cracks. "Let this one stay for him." Artemis is stunned into silence, seeing the raw pain in front of her. All she wants to do is say yes. And she knows that she can, after all, with the peace now, her numbers have steadied, but yet… "I can't," she says sadly, flinching at the hurt in Apollo's eyes. "If she is destined to join, then she will eventually find her way to us." She puts a hand on Apollo's. "You, of all the gods, must know we can't tamper with fate." Apollo pushes away from the table. "I understand," he says bitterly, "But I don't agree." Alyssa laughs and Will smiles, enjoying the sound of her giggles, which come more frequently now. They're seated on the docks, swirling their feet in the cool water. The sun is high up in the sky and everything is beautiful. Especially her. Will sneaks a sideways glance at Alyssa and marvels at her long, midnight hair and sparkling grey eyes. Over the past year they had become very close and Will was hoping they might become a little more than just best friends. "The hunters are here!" The message is carried down the hill and all the demigods look up, curious, as a group of silver-clad girls come over the crest. Alyssa is awed. "Those are the hunters of Artemis, right?" She says to Will, eyes riveted on the newcomers. "Eternal maidens of the hunt?" Will nods, a lump rising in his throat. He can easily picture Alyssa in a silver ski jacket, armed with wickedly long knives, and laughing with the other girls. He knows she would make a great huntress. And the thought kills him. She jumps up and the wind catches a few stray strands of her hair, whipping it in the air around her head. She has never looked so glorious, and unattainable. "Let's go talk to them." "You go ahead," Will says, forcing a smile. "I should get back to the infirmary soon." "Alright, see you later, Will!" Will turns his head back and watches the sun sparkle off the water. He wipes away the tears in his eyes. Forces himself to breathe, just breathe, and ignore the fact that his heart is shattering. He sits there for a small eternity, carefully piecing himself together. It's no small task, but he's had practice. Everyone at Camp Half-Blood agrees that Will is the best at healing. He's even better at breaking his own heart though. I have been told that if you repeat a word over and over it loses its meaning. I have stayed up countless nights repeating your name, hoping that you will mean less to me with each breath. I hope you liked reading it :) This was the most depressing thing I've ever written, and for some reason, I think unrequited love is almost sadder than death - hence why "I Can't Believe" was my cop-out for the angst here. Reviews would be appreciated!