The Fates ensured that her sacrificed would be honoured, and that she would not bear the humiliation of being picked by one who was unworthy." The Goddess of the Hunt passed her right hand gently over her left; briefly touching the stars that continued to lie nestled in her hand before she sighed. Bringing her left hand to her mouth, she flattened her palm and exhaled softly and stared as the stars swirled and floated and grew through the invisible current back to their position in the night sky. Percy immediately stepped back, resuming his original position as he stayed silent, giving the Goddess some time alone. When she turned to look at him, it was a little girl who had seen empires rise and fall for millennia named Artemis who gazed at him. "I miss my Lieutenant Nightshade every day, but I do not question her death. She was chosen by the Fates and I know that she has achieved Elysium and that she is happy with how her life turned out. We both will not take that happiness away from her, or from the other heroes that have and will fall, Perseus." Her gaze was unyielding as her eyes locked with his, silently demanding an answer. The son of Poseidon's throat had begun to constrict as Artemis had continued to speak and by the time she had finished he could barely take in a breath. He nodded slowly, the only action that he could take which indicated his (albeit unwilling) agreement due to emotions overwhelming him. If Percy hadn't been watching her so carefully, he might have missed the relief that passed briefly across her silver orbs, before the Goddess of the Hunt let out a carefully controlled breath, her shields which she had let down due to Zoe already going back up. Suddenly, ruining the newfound peace and understanding that was now shared between the demigod and the Goddess, lightning flashed across the night sky, promptly followed by a boom of thunder. Percy winced, wondering who exactly had made Zeus angry. "The Council has been called. I hope you know what you are going to ask for; it's time for you to receive your reward." The Goddess of Virginity stated. She added, almost conversationally as if it wasn't such a big thing; "They expect you to accept their offer of immortality." It all made sense now; the knowing glint in Hades' eyes as he thanked Percy by not excluding and judging his children, the smirks on the other Twelve's faces that were always present. Others would be proud, excited that they could live forever. But instead, Percy's stomach clenched and he had to force down the bile that rose in his throat as he thought of leaving his mother behind. His friends. Gods, Annabeth . "Why are you telling me this?" Artemis was silent and Percy thought she wouldn't answer his presumptuous question. To be honest, he was surprised that he hadn't been turned into a jackalope, but he supposed that it had been a long day for both of them. But eventually, before he offended her by zoning out completely, she spoke, her voice soft like the stars. "You are right. Zoe was a hero and she never got the recognition, or acceptance she deserved. It's time to change that." She began to walk away, back up the path and the son of Poseidon watched her go before he himself returned to the Throne Room, even if he was unwilling to do so. Stopping at the top, a few meters away from Percy, the stars seemed to gain in intensity and shine brighter as she prepared to teleport to the Throne room. Unexpectedly, she made a half turn, opening her mouth one last time. "But you Percy… You are a hero as well. Because you didn't give five years of your life to save Olympus and Western civilization, plus achieve the accomplishments you have done for glory, or fame, or an act to achieve attention, or because it was a punishment ordered from the Gods." "But I had -" "No." Artemis rebutted firmly, turning around to face him fully as her form continued to glow brighter. Wisely, the son of Poseidon shut his mouth, his retort dying in his throat as he beheld the look in her eyes. Her eyes showed the millennia that she had been alive for, so unnatural in a child's body and it gave Percy shivers down his spine. "You did it to save others the pain, to lessen their burden. And that makes you the greatest hero of them all." Percy turned away and shut his eyes as a silver white blinding flash took place. After the light faded, he opened them. She was gone. Percy breathed deeply, before searching out the Huntress one last time with renewed (albeit reluctant) recognition and understanding, with Artemis' words on her rebounding in his head. With shock, he realised that she had used his preferred name and an unexpected feeling of pride and honour overcame him briefly. Zoe Nightshade, like Luke, Ethan and perhaps even Silena, never felt accepted because of the actions of their parents. They were all heroes. It was time everybody knew that. Yes, Percy Jackson, Hero of Olympus knew what he was going to wish for. So I've been struggling to write recently but after I saw a quote on Facebook, combined with some Tumblr prompts which I had just been reading, got me thinking and suddenly I found myself tapping this out on my phone during my frees. The quote: "Why do the best people die?" "When you're in a garden, which flowers do you pick?" "The most beautiful ones." - Source unknown I have never written for Percy Jackson before, but I find myself enjoying the experience. I would appreciate it if you left reviews as I am out of practice with writing and might have forgotten various pieces of Percy Jackson canon which might impact this story.