beast? Bah. He was from a long time ago. I don't remember much myself- You see, I was about 18 and," the man paused," you both still look cold. Would you like a cup of cocoa?" Skipper was on high alert and her eyes narrowed. The look quickly vanished as she shrugged and said, "Eh, sure. Why not?" The man looked to Nico who replied, "Yes, thank you." The man hobbled over into the kitchen, where the wonderful scent of hot chocolate filled the air. He returned a moment later with two mugs, green and red, filled to the brim with sweet, steaming hot cocoa. A single large marshmallow floated in the center of each cup. "Thank you," Nico said. The old man motioned to the worn down brown sofas at the other side of the room. In a matching worn down arm chair, lay the man's dog, watching them carefully. The other lay on the floor, snoring. The teens sat as the man began to tell his story. "Now, where was I? Ah, yes- I was around 18 when I was sent by my own heart to slay a hideous beast that had been taking livestock and the occasional night-wanderer. My town had a very small population to begin with meaning that we simply couldn't afford to lose people, or animals. But the incidents kept happening until finally, one day, enough was enough. They sent a group of maybe 10 out to the woods. They were the best and strongest of our town and could easily take down lots of enemies. But none of them ever came back. My town was devastated. We didn't know what to do. Now, I was very upset at this because one of my brothers, Jean, was among one of the hunters that night and when he didn't come back, I swore revenge on that monster for taking Jean. My time came a few weeks later when the damned thing took another goat from our farm. All I had to protect me was my shotgun. That didn't matter. I found it in the woods sleeping off its last meal- my goat, of course. I already had the ol' gun aimed when he opened his sleepy eye. Shot 'em dead And cut off his head so I could mount it on my wall. I think he makes the place look nice, don't you?" Nico was silent for a moment. "Mr. uh-" "Castle. Jack Castle," the man said. "Mr. Castle," Nico started. "How did all those people know it was a dragon?" "They didn't. Most people were scared it might've been that freak wolf from the 1700's raised from the dead, haha. What did they call it… The beast of Gevauden! Yes, that's it." Next to Nico, Skipper shifted uncomfortably at the sound of the name. Nico glanced at his friend but she turned away. "Sir, what is the 'beast of Gevauden'," Nico questioned. "Well, it was a very large wolf that prefered people over cattle. It terrorized the villagers of a town called Gevauden. This was back in the 1700's. A man finally killed it a few years later using a silver bullet. They gutted the thing and found a lot of er- human victims' random body parts." "Are we near that town?" "Well, I suppose so… It's about fifty miles south of here." "Hmm. Small world," Nico managed before yawning. "You must be tired." "A little," Nico admitted with a smile. "Well, the spare room is down the hall and to the left. Bathroom is right across from it." "Thank you, Sir. And goodnight." Nico shook hands with the man before going to the room. Skipper had gone to follow but that man quickly grabbed her arm in a wicked steel grip. "I know what you are. And I don't like your kind around my part of the woods. I won't hesitate to put a bullet through your head the next time I see you. The French know this. Do your best and learn from 'em. My part of the woods- don't cross the line." Skipper's jaw was set with her teeth clenched hard. She wanted to swat the old man upside the head and make him get permanent brain damage. "Understood," she managed. The man nodded. "Go on. You're still a kid. You need some sleep." Skipper considered laughing loudly in the guy's face. He knew what she was and still told her to get some sleep. Some genius he was. Nico was close to falling asleep when Skipper joined him. He lifted his head to nod a goodnight before he rolled over and started to snore lightly. Skipper sat at the foot of the bed for a while and thought. She thought about the beast, and the man, and that dragon head. She thought about the French, and the hit-man sent to kill her, and the old man's dogs. She couldn't commune with it. It felt… off. Skipper shrugged aside her thoughts and proceeded to get ready for bed. She took off her bra, pants, and socks and threw them at the wall as she envisioned the old mans head on it and her clothes as a frying pan. Head shot , she thought happily. She laughed and fought to get the covers from under Nico who had fallen asleep on top of them. Damn. You. Kid . He groaned and moved slightly to where Skip could retrieve the blankets. She took a moment to look at the son of Hades sleeping next to her. He looked peaceful. His body seemed so much more relaxed than usual. He also looked… cold. Nico was lying in a fetal position with one arm hanging off the bed. Skipper sighed as the tucked him in. "That's enough for one day, huh, kid," She said more to herself than to Nico. Skipper wrapped her arm around his sleeping body. "Night, Kid." 6136: So yeah... random story with oc and Nico... Not related to my other works.