the light wrapped around the mechanical dragon like a bubble of bright white jello. Gaea had been in the process of fighting Percy and Annabeth while Jason was working on cutting some of the rigging, trying to break one of the beams free so that the sail would fall on top of the earth goddess, hopefully crushing her. Frank and Piper were standing behind her, trying to protect Hazel from any miss-fired blows. At the flash of light, though, the dirt witch turned around. Her smug face turned from stern to a frown, to disbelief, to anger, and finally to horror as Leo barely turned to look, making his way to the front of the ship. The earth goddess twisted around, making to strike out at Hazel and quickly end the spell, trapping them all, but Frank and Piper stood in her way. She growled in frustration, but Leo was already only a couple of feet from the light. His gut clenched and he hoped this would work. Based on Gaea's reaction, just maybe it would. Suddenly the fire user's legs flew out from under him, pulled backward while his upper body kept on moving. Leo fell to the ground, dropping Calypso's unmoving form as his arms slammed into the deck to keep his face from smashing into the boards. He felt a rough tug on his legs and shifted his position, turning to see his legs bound with roots that were keeping up his body while pulling him away from both the front of the deck and from Calypso. The other six were already held in place by the same kind of vines. Gaea had bypassed Frank and Piper, but not for Hazel. Her full attention - her full wrath - was aimed at him. The tendrils pulled the half-blood back as he fought against them, trying to hold his place on the deck. It only earned him more painful splinters from being dragged across the wood. Leo reached down to grab something from his tool-belt, but the roots slapped his hands back, detaching the belt from his waist. Soon Gaea stood over him, her face stern and fierce. She raised her hands and the vines began to grow. There was another flash, and Leo suddenly realized that the storm had quieted down. He looked to the front of the deck where Calypso's lifeless body had fallen moments ago. An angry-looking goddess stood on the other side of a wall of light that now separated the front of the ship from the back of the ship, her hands folded over her chest. Her clothes had changed from an earth-brown dress to a loose white shirt and a pair of worn blue jeans. And Hades did she ever look mad . "Touch him, Grandmother, and this will be much, much more painful for you." Gaea stepped back, almost in a daze. Leo guessed that she wasn't someone to have her plans fooled very often. "Calypso," the ancient goddess spoke, "don't be ridiculous. Come back to your own kind, not to these useless demigods. Their parents imprisoned you. How many times were you visited by Hephaestus or Poseidon or Ares and they did not help you? How many years has it been now that you were cursed to forever feel alone?" The daughter of Atlas took a step forward and the light moved with her. Gaea took another step back. "And how many times did you have the chance to visit me or to free me - to negotiate my release from my pointless sentence? How many years has it been since you've offered me aid?" She put her hands to the wall of light, pushing it forward. It was only three feet away from Leo now. "These are the ones who came to my aid in my time of need. These mere "demigods" are the ones fighting for my release when they could be out saving their world from your armies." She stared at the dirt goddess, her eyes piercing. "So tell me, Gaea, why should I give you any of my pity?" Gaea stared blankly, her face a stern mask once again, but her fists her clenched. For once, the chess pieces weren't falling in place in her favor. Calypso's gaze never wavered. "You gave me your curse, Grandmother; now you shall have mine." Leo stared, mouth open as the Titan's daughter began chanting in the same language Gaea had spoken in only a half-hour earlier. Golden chains of light formed around Gaea's hands and feet, trailing back through the storm to the unseen island behind them. And all the time the earth queen held that same stern gaze, unsure of how to react. Leo knew how to hide behind a mask. On the inside, the goddess was whirling in inner-turmoil, conscious that this was the end of her physical form. The end of her power. The end of her control. Calypso stepped forward and the wall of light passed over Leo and the others, not harming a single one of them. But the wall struck violently against the chains of light, and Gaea was forced back. The storm condensed as Calypso pushed the border inward toward the island, and the goddess was swallowed by darkness. When the light reached the end of the Argo II, passing over the end of the ship, Gaea was gone. Within the few moments of shocked silence that followed, the darkened clouds receded into nothing, and the storm disappeared. When Leo looked out over the clear blue water, the island was gone. Suddenly Calypso was leaning over him, cutting away at the vines as she held onto his hand. And even though the deck was in carnage and a war was waiting for them back on shore, Leo felt like everything would finally be alright. His hand shook slightly in hers. "Hey Sunshine." She jammed her lips into his in a forceful, wordless response. Oh yeah, everything was definitely going to be alright.