was here. Sally looked about ready to cry. "I'm sorry. I've been selfish. I wanted to keep you here, with me. I knew it wasn't safe, but I... I'm so sorry. Am I ever going to see you again?" Tears were clear in her eyes. "Of course, Mom!" Percy rushed out. "I'll be back here as soon as summer is over. Chiron can work something out with the mist to explain things to Yancy, and... I don't know. But I'm coming back, Mom. Don't worry." Sally looked incredibly relieved, though still sad, while Grover sheepishly smiled. "Err, Mrs. Jackson-" "Call me Sally," Sally interrupted. "Right, Sally, do you think, um, you could drive the two of us to camp?" "Of course, Grover, dear." Percy almost forgot to be surprised Grover and his mother knew one another. "Wait, how do you know Grover, Mom?" "I don't know him, per se, but I knew he was watching you. Making sure you were safe." "Sally, we need to leave here, and fast. Percy's scent is remarkably strong; there are probably monsters tracking us here as we speak." "You're right. Follow me, boys." Grover darted out the door, and Sally started talking as he did, to cover up the noise. "Gabe, I need to borrow the Camaro. I'm taking Percy back to Yancy." Gabe was unimpressed. "What? Can't you just take the bus?" Sally was not in the mood. In a tone Percy had only heard once before, when she'd found out he hadn't told her everything about his year at Yancy the first time, she said, "Gabe. Keys. Now." Gabe was as shocked as Percy. "Uhh, yeah, uh, here." He tossed her the keys. He turned to Percy. "Not one scratch, kid. Not one scratch on this beautiful car, or I'm coming up to Yancy myself." Percy grinned. "Don't worry. I'll take real good care of it." Gabe didn't seem to realize Percy knew something he didn't. He went back to his poker game. New York rush hour traffic was not great, to say the least, and along with the storm that was rumbling, it was dark by the time they approached camp. Everyone was thoroughly creeped out by the supernatural storm. "Just a little further. Just a little further," Sally mumbled. Percy knew lightning was about to hit the car. He braced himself for impact. What he did not expect to see through the windshield was the Nemean Lion staring them down. Sally slammed on the breaks, but it was too late. The car collided with the invincible lion, and flipped right over it. Percy quickly scrambled out of the wreckage, and got Riptide out of his pocket. This hadn't happened last time! What on Earth had caused this!? Was it different, now? Where was the Minotaur? Percy was pulled out of his thoughts by a ferocious roar. The Nemean Lion was right here, right now, but Percy wasn't sure he'd be able to beat it with no shield, no backup, and no strength. He hadn't had any time to work out yet, and his body was still weak. This would be a real test of skill. "Grover, get help! Mom, run! It's me it's after!" Percy focused back on the Nemean Lion, without checking to see what the others were doing. He'd have to stall until more campers could arrive. They were practically at Camp Halfblood by now. Percy did his best. "Hey kitty kitty kitty. Hey there! Who's a good kitty? You are! Yes you are!" The Nemean Lion apparently did not like to be talked to like it was a dog. It let out a roar and pounced with his jaws wide open for the kill. Percy knew he didn't have time to dodge. He wasn't fast enough yet. He only had one shot at survival, and if he slipped up, he'd be dead. For good, this time. Or so he assumed. After all, there was no Time lord funny business this time around. Just a lion. As the lion sailed through the air, Percy uncapped Riptide. He'd have one shot. Just one chance. The lion landed on Percy, but he stabbed up through the roof of its mouth with Riptide. The Nemean Lion dissolved, leaving its pelt on top of Pecy. He had really done it! With no backup, no shield, no nothing. It was far too late Percy realized that the Nemean Lion did not leave him unscathed. He felt his stomach get wet, and he looked down. The lion's claws had dug through the center of his chest, nicking his heart. Blood was pouring out at an alarming rate. He was going to die. He closed his eyes, and screamed. "NO! I was supposed to save everyone this time! I was... supposed... to..." Percy felt warm. His chest still ached, but when he opened his eyes, instead of the Underworld, he was back in his dorm room at Yancy academy. He let out a loud groan and fell back asleep. Hahahaha! Percy is still alive. What will he do differently next time? What caused the Nemean Lion to appear instead of the Minotaur? All this and more, in the next chapter of Percy Jackson and the Groundhog Years! The pairing has not been decided, but it won't be Annabeth. Feel free to leave a review with your suggestion, if you are so inclined. If you want to understand something, leave a review with your question and I'll drop you a PM explaining everything I can. All suggestions are welcome. I hope at this point you see the differences between this and Shattered, seeing as it's completely different. Any reviews complaining that I stole this idea from Josh the Pleb will be completely ignored, since the idea is hardly original in the first place, and I've been thinking about the concept for literally years. R and R, as they say. Though, if you're reading this, you've already got one 'r' down. All that's left is to review!