already knew about. Okay! A bit enthusiastic for my taste, but that's fine. First, the water control. You already know about that. Next, Water regeneration and water augmentation. When you're wet or in the water, you heal exponentially faster. It also augments nearly every aspect of you. Strength, speed, your control abilities, even your swordfighting and leadership. Speaking of control abilities, you've also inherited the earth control ability, though it is limited. The Lord of the Seas is also known as the Earthshaker, and for good reason. You can't manipulate earth as you can water, but you can cause earthquakes. That's about it. Your father is also known as the Stormbringer, and you have inherited the power to create storms centered around yourself, also granting you minor control over wind, rain, lightning, and thunder even without using storm control. Though, your storm control is the weakest of your control abilities, so for it, as well as the minor abilities it grants, to be of any use, you'll need to expend an insane amount of power. Lucky for you, you've got me. Wow. That's a lot of abilities. You think that's a lot? That's just the elemental stuff. Huh? You've also got unnatural swordfighting ability, self explanatory; unnatural leadership, people tend to listen to you in battle and you inspire loyalty; unnatural courage, also self explanatory; the tiniest amount of unnatural beauty, gross; animal telepathy, which I already explained; unnatural... boat control- Boat control!? Yeah, it's weird, but you can control a ship with your mind. Like, you can take the place of an entire captain and crew of a small boat in somewhat rough conditions. With my help, you'll be able to control a cruise-liner in a hurricane. Wow. I'm sure that'll be helpful. Not as helpful as unnatural locating ability in seawater. Excuse me? You know the exact location of yourself when you're on the open sea. Though, when you reach freshwater you'll be totally lost. How do you amplify that? I'm not sure. I've never heard of it before. I'll find out though. At some point. Sure. You've also got the ability to see via the heat of currents deep underwater, where no sunlight is able to reach. Great. Sounds amazing. But I'm unbeatable underwater anyways, so isn't that kind of useless in terms of combat? Indeed. In fact, in all my years, never have I seen anyone with as many useless powers as you. Gee, thanks, spirit. Anyway, you keep saying how ancient you are, so... just how old are you? Not as old as Gaia, but older than the titans. Wow. And how many people have you possessed? Including you? Twelve. Seriously!? How long did they live!? Not any longer than was normal for their time periods. I can't heal disease or anything. In ancient times, most lived to about fifty before disease took them. Yeesh. I'm glad I was born now. We live a lot longer. On average, yes. But a lucky person back then could have easily lived to be a hundred, same as now. Luck has everything to do with life. The gods don't like to admit it, but everything that happens happens for no real reason. That's kind of depressing. Is it? Isn't it better knowing that there isn't some master plan? Isn't it liberating? But what about prophecies? If all this Greek stuff is true, then isn't the oracle real as well? Yes, prophecies. The truth is, prophecies are just that. They tell the future. But they don't determine the future. So there's no point trying to influence them, or beat them. Though that's easier said than done. People will always try to escape a prophecy they don't like. But they always come true. No matter what. How on Earth is that liberating? How isn't it? Knowing that nothing can change your future or decide it for you? Prophecies don't control you, you control prophecies. Humans can do anything they want, and they do just that every day. That is why life is worth living. That is the secret so many human philosophers have searched for, since the dawn of time. There is no purpose, there is no meaning, and in that, humans possess total freedom. Jeez, you're freaking me out. If you like freedom so much, why do you inhabit people's bodies? Isn't that less freedom? I thought you were smart, but it seems I was wrong. Have you truly not figured out what my price is? Whuh? I don't understand. The price you must pay for my help. I'll tell you what it is, since you seem incapable of putting things together on your own. Big meanie. Little boy. Spirit. Kid. Just tell me what the price is already! Right. Every year, for one week, I will take total control of your body and your power, and I will do whatever I want. And you'll watch, idly, as I do it. Surprisingly, Percy's first reaction wasn't anger or fear, or anything like that. If I said I'd pay any price, why'd you limit yourself to a week? You could have had six months, or the whole year, even. Yes, but luckily for you, I'm very lazy. I'll let you do most of the work. I mean, take right now, for example. How much fun would this be, if I was in control? It's not very much fun for me, I can tell you that. Exactly. Right now, it would seem I have the better end of the deal, no? Yeah, you really showed me. What do you plan on doing, anyways? During your week? Oh, probably just go on a killing spree. Percy stopped dead in his tracks. I'll kill myself this instant. You wouldn't dare. Try me. Fine, I'll do something else during my week. How do I know I can trust you? Oh, kid. Why on Earth would you think you could ever trust me ? Hehehehe. One more thing. Review, or I'll kill you. Ta ta!