and this guy was in a wheelchair. "Good morning, Miss, how are you?" "Oh God on high, I've lost my mind." I muttered. Perseus smiled and nodded sorta. I shot him a look and he simply smiled wider. "I've been kidnapped by a heterochromic wizard, a pair of psychotic paramedics, a drunk and Albert Einstein's paraplegic twin brother." "Don't forget their cult of indoctrinated teenagers bearing weapons of the Ancient Greek variety." Godwin chimed in. I had almost forgotten he was there. Godwin stood over Sam protectively, patting her head, and checking her pulse. "So, have I lost my marbles permanently, or should I just rent out a rubber room?" I asked, my voice full of quip. Einstein smiled patiently and beckoned me over. "Sure, I'll walk over there...as soon as there are less than three of you." "It's alright, don't push yourself child." Einstein's doppelganger said calmingly. "and my name is Chiron, though I do know Einstein...he was a nice man...with a strange infatuation with socks." "Socks...sure, why not." I muttered, as Chiron, as he called himself, wheeled out of the room, bidding adieu to Mr. Jackson...whoever that was. "You know Annabeth hates it when you miss her Latin lessons, 'Mr. Jackson'." Godwin joked, gesturing at Percy. "Maybe you could try to reason with her?" "You were never very funny." Perseus deadpanned. He then turned to face me and looked very serious. "Thalia, if I die, will you come to my funeral?" "I'll bring brownies to your wake!" Godwin piped up, still checking Sam's pulse. "I'll make sure they contain plenty of pot." "So...who's this Annabeth person?" I asked, looking between Godwin's look of whimsical humor and Percy's grimace. I nearly laughed as Percy took a deep breath and closed his eyes, looking close to tears. He gripped my shoulders and looked deep in my eyes like he was going to lay some serious truth on me here. "Hitler and satan got really drunk one night and...well, got busy, nine months later, Hitler had a spawn and named her Annabeth…" He explained straight faced. "Annabeth has stayed young since by eating small children and drinking the blood of virgins mixed with Sprite." "Don't forget the hearts that I tear from my enemies." A voice called from the doorway, and I spotted her. She was tall...five nine, easily. Her blonde hair was curly, and long and dirty, like she had spent the day rolling around in grass and mud. "You're late." "We, who are about to die, salute you." Perseus muttered, closing his eyes and turning slowly, his eyes squinting as he tried his best for a non fearful smile. "Heya Annabeth...I was just...helping out this new camper." "He was flirting." Sam and Godwin quipped at the same time, almost as if they had practiced the line. Sam promptly passed out again, but Godwin looked at the two of us with a feigned serious expression and muttered. "She can smell fear…" "Perseus...please follow me outside." Annabeth muttered, and I felt morally obligated to follow him, if only to ask to write his eulogy. When I stepped outside, I was, to say the least, surprised, to say the most, nauseated, the sunlight was too bright, the breeze was too warm, the grass was too green, and where the water was, it was too blue. I was going to vomit again. "Die scum!" Perseus crashed past me and rolled to a stop about seven feet behind me. "Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today…" I began, and then I saw Annabeth running toward me, a look in her eye like she was going to kill me. "...to mourn the passing of a wonderful human being and Perseus Jackson." I muttered, slightly in shock from the feral look in Annabeth's eye. "Hey Annabeth." An even taller blonde called out, this one with a scar running down the right side of his face. Instantly, the previously crazed blonde girl was standing politely, her shoulders set and her chest out, obviously trying to catch this tall dude's eyes. "What's up? New camper?" "Yes…" Moaned Percy from a few yards behind me, one thumb up, his other hand groping at his chest as if feeling for broken ribs. I smirked at his prone form and was tempted to tell him to buck up, but I felt like if I did, he might actually try to do it and vomit his guts out. "By the way, don't you have sword practice?- Not that I'm not glad you're here! You probably saved my life, but... color me curious." "What color is curious?" I asked, thinking that if I didn't add my two cents to the conversation then I'd probably be ignored for a while. Suddenly, two pairs of extra eyes were on me...possibly three, but Perseus' eyes were currently hidden behind grass and hair, so my survival instincts kicked in, and I opened my mouth to begin rambling, but Percy saved me. "It's yellow." Percy said calmly, nodding his head slowly as he crawled to his feet. "Like a little daisy popping it's head out of the ground, hoping someone doesn't kill it with pesticides or a dog doesn't come around and take a shit on it." "Thank you for that wonderful picture Percy, now get your ass to Latin, or I'll drop kick you so hard that ten years ago you'll look into the mirror and wonder where the bootprints came from." Annabeth growled, causing me to laugh. "Hey, greenhorn, you ever written a eulogy before?" "I'm thinking a tragic drowning accident…" Annabeth trailed off, causing Percy to shiver and quickly run for a squat gray building with lots of ornate stained glass windows and an interesting carving in the stone around the door. "That got him moving…" ...And that, was how I met your mother. Kidding! Kidding! Sorry, this is just the first chapter, next time, we get to hear more about Harry's long lost cousin Percy, and the strange power of words and berry smoothies.