do know is that once Jason falls under spell. There is no hope for him. Aglaea's charmspeak is very powerful, more than yours Piper." "What can we do to get Jason back?" Percy asked, hoping that this new quest didn't involved crazy goddesses, jealous siblings, or worse; A new enemy. Besides their fight with the Eidolon's and Chysaor during Christmas, it's been quiet at camp. Everyone was truly convinced that nothin bad would happen. Until now at least. No one knows about Jason's kidnapping and they won't. If they did, it would cause an up roar, the last thing Chiron wanted to occur. Aphrodite rubbed her chin, taking a seat at the head of the meeting table. After some thinking, she comes up with a plan. "In one days it will be Valentine's Day," she explained. "On that day, it will be every minor goddesses or God power up day. Because my element is love and beauty, I will also be more powerful than ever before. My charmspeak and love potions would be so strong, it would be impossible to get out from it until midnight. Unless the person consumes it by a lot. When Valentine's Day ends at midnight, it's when all magic becomes permanent." Annabeth was taking notes of Aphrodite's speech. "So if Aglaea succeeds into turning Jason into her puppet, there's no way in getting him back?" She concluded. "Yes and no. If Aglaea succeeds in charmspeaking Jason into being her lover, than there's a stronger chance of getting him out of her spell. However , if she gives him three cups of of love potion by midnight...he will be gone forever." Will and Nico looked at each other. Although they've been dating for a minimal time, they can't bare the fact of being apart. Annabeth has had so many chances to lose Percy, but she refuses to take them. Her and Percy have literally been in hell and they did it to stay together. Even though it was Annabeth who was falling into Tartarus, Percy jumped in with her. Their time in Tartarus wasn't pleasant, but as long as they had each other; it was alright. Leo and Calypso have dealt with a problem in their relationship and that was when Leo was possessed with the Eidolon during Christmas. She didn't think much of it, until Leo burned her arm. That was when Calypso realized something wasn't right, for Leo would never raise a hand on Calypso. Actually, he would never raise a hand on no one! Not even the Hermes kids when they pull terrible pranks on him. Calypso wanted to go with the demigods to rescue Jason and Leo, but stayed behind. Afraid that if she left the safety of the camp, she would return back to her island somehow. It killed the former immortal though. She felt helpless at camp but Susie assured her that Leo still loved her no matter what. "I'm going with you guys," Calypso announced. Leo shakes his head. "I don't think so, Calypso. I don't want you getting hurt." Calypso sighs, "You can't keep me in this camp forever, Leo. I know these three girls and I know Aglaea personally. Before I was trapped in my island." This was the first time Calypso ever talked about her past life before staying in Ogygia. Not even Leo or Annabeth knew about this. Aphrodite smiles softly at Calypso. "Your bravery is truly splendid! Which is why I am giving you all this!" She handed Calypso a pink envelope and waved her hand. Everyone looks down and sees they also received a pink envelope. Piper examines the envelope, opening it quickly. It was an invitation to a ball. "Seriously mother?" Piper annoyingly asked. "I don't have time for balls! I just want my boyfriend back." "Keep reading it!" Aphrodite snapped, slowly losing her patience with them. The Cherokee girl frowns and continues to read it as told. You're Invited to the Annual Valentine's Day Ball! Come join us, The Grace Sisters, as we entertain you with amazing food, music, and dance. Remember, this is a ball so please dress formally. We may be Greeks but it won't kill to act like the rich from the Victorian Era! So the them shall be masquerade! I hope to see you all Saturday evening! P.S don't forget to bring your Valentine to share true loves kiss! Mwah! Sincerely, The Grace Sisters "True loves kiss?!" Piper shrieked. "They make it sound like they're in a disney movie, while I'm in a horror movie." Aphrodite couldn't help but giggle. "They do tend to make everything sound theatrical. Anyways, you're going cause I'm going to be there. I'm the guest of honor! Even my son Cupid has taken upon himself to attend." "Shit," Nico muttered. He wasn't going to be very fond of seeing the God of love again. "Don't worry about Eros," Aphrodite told Nico, noticing his discomfort. "I'll make sure he's in his best behavior." Nico still didn't feel any better. Piper stared at the invitation. She knew what she was going to do and didn't like it. She hated playing dress up but if that's what it took to get her boyfriend back. Then so be it. Well that's the first chapter and I am so happy with how this turned out! Even though I made Piper miserable :) i love her character and I just wanted her to be more badass. Next chapter: Operation Boyfriend Rescue! That's not the name of it but I just wanted to say that :) So I am officially working on something new and I am so excited! I'm not going to give any more information, since I just want to finish my other story first. Once I finish it, then I will posted my other story :) I just hope you like vampires... Anyways tell me what you're doing for Valentine's Day and the next chapter will be up soon! :) I love you all :) Mwah!