girl sobbed, "None of the gods ever did anything nice anyway." Her staff sliced through the air with surprising speed, but Connor blocked every attack with ease. "They're going to destroy the world," Connor said, "We'll take you back. Everyone in camp likes you, Lou. Please, please stop. Give it up. It's not worth it." Lou Ellen couldn't find a reply. A faint voice behind Laura called "HIT THE DECK," and she dropped and rolled under the car. Connor threw his sword away, grabbed Lou Ellen around the neck, and slammed her to the ground, just as a massive chunk of concrete sailed over their heads. Laura fumbled with her camera (It was hard to take pictures under a car) and caught the scene with the click of a button. Their scratched and grimy faces looked towards the sky in alarm, and their hair was full of dust. Laura put her camera back in her bag. She crawled out from under the car and grabbed the sword, wincing as gravel dug into her skin. Laura saw movement from the corner of her eye and automatically turned, her sword extended. Before she truly registered the giant snake coiled beside her, she beheaded it, and golden monster dust flew everywhere. She wiped the snake's remains from her face and laughed in shock. She'd killed a monster. A smaller chunk of concrete flew past and smashed into the ground just two cars away from Laura. She straightened and looked in the opposite direction. Where was the concrete coming from? She got her answer. Two Hyperborean giants were lumbering along the streets, as blue and as big as they came. A clatter, a yell, and a rush of hot air distracted her, and Laura climbed onto the car she had hidden behind to see what was going on. A chariot approached from another side of the street, and the campers let out an earsplitting cheer. Clarisse, head of the Ares cabin, was driving the chariot one handed, and she was glowing red. She seemed to vaporize seven monsters with every swipe of her flaming sword, which she had obviously taken from a Laistrygonian giant. But the biggest eye-catcher was the drakon she had lashed to the back of her chariot. Laura watched as the huge drakon streaked past and she hastily got out her camera. She couldn't imagine a camera lens could capture a scene like this properly, but it was the best tool she had. Clarisse charged the pair of giants, and Laura thought that they must surely be an equal match. Laura wanted to watch the fight from the top of her car, but arrows were falling thick and fast, and she was a living target. She slid off the roof as quickly as she could and landed uncomfortably on the wrong ankle. When she looked up, she made eye contact with the hellhound peeing on a street lamp. It is never a good idea to make eye contact with a hellhound. The huge dog shook its leg, bared its fangs, and charged. Terror flooded through Laura's chest and she barely managed to scramble out of the way. She swung her sword as the hellhound passed her but she only grazed its side. It jumped up onto the car, denting the roof and sending showers of drool onto the windshield. Laura shrank back as it turned to face her again. An arrow from a fellow camper hit the hellhound's leg, and it let out a whimper of pain. Laura darted forward and plunged her sword into its neck. Its nose and teeth slammed into Laura's head, but then it vaporized, and Laura fell onto the hood of the car. Black spots blurred her vision and pride enveloped her fear. She'd done it again. Her eyes cleared and she looked towards Clarisse. Only one giant was left, and he was bleeding snow. Rivers of slush spilled from his back as the demigods filled him with arrows. The drakon lay curled around him like a shield, and Clarisse stood triumphant in her chariot, her eyes flaming, her sword raised, and her mouth open in a defiant yell. But she didn't move. And the layer of ice that encased the daughter of Ares seemed to chill the heart of every half-blood in the city. ~oOo~ The fighting seemed to go on for days, but it ended about an hour later, when Kronos was defeated. The war would only stop for Kronos. It was logical, but it didn't seem right. There were many soul-crushing moments, and many times the world should have paused. The end didn't feel like the end. It didn't feel happy either. Even though they had won, no one felt like rejoicing. ~oOo~ "Psst! Laura!" Lacy's voice pulled Laura from her dreams and she looked up sleepily from the couch. The cabin was dark and empty, and her sister's tearstained face was looking down at her in excitement. Laura sat up, still clutching her camera. She hadn't meant to fall asleep. "Come on! You're going to miss it! It's Percy and Annabeth!" Laura was completely awake now, and she followed Lacy quietly across the camp. Crickets chirped happily in the shadows and the cool wind caressed their cheeks. A group of campers lay silently behind a thicket, and the girls ran to join them. As the campers lay there together, with hot breath, sparkling eyes, and mischievous intentions, Laura's worries drifted away, and she smiled in excitement as Percy and Annabeth talked and ate blue cake. Happiness drifted among the breathless campers, and Laura was relieved, because it hadn't seemed like home without the happiness. Although everyone was grieving in their hearts, they still remembered how to laugh. When Percy and Annabeth finally leaned in for a kiss, the campers revealed themselves, and everyone cheered, laughed, and shouted until they were sore. Laura took a picture just as the crowd pitched Percy and Annabeth into the canoe lake. It was a perfect picture.