it appears that you aren't alone either." Aphrodite said as she wiggled her eyebrows suggestively at Perseus and winked. "So, are you two kids having fun, or is Artemis being her usual, boring, celibate self. Because if you aren't having fun Perseus, then maybe you and I can have some fun later." Perseus smiled and opened his mouth and said. "Sure, but you have to tell me something." Perseus put his hand to his chin and paused. "Do I look stupid? Or do you just try this on every guy you meet?" He asked, wiping away the shrouding mist that Aphrodite contorted around her. The mist was being held together by Aphrodite's willpower, but Perseus' willpower was stronger. He sliced through it like shears through fabric, and pierced the veil. Aphrodite was scared, a terrified little girl that used sex and lust to protect herself from the big bad world outside. She didn't like reaching out emotionally herself, so she used others as chess pieces, just to stay above it all. "Interesting…" He mused, looking through the mist and focusing on what Aphrodite was beyond the shell. She was a sixteen year old girl who didn't like how she looked. She had pale skin and brunette hair. She had large hazel eyes and thin lips, with eyelashes that darkened her entire face, and low bangs. "Hello there!" Perseus said, once the mist had been peeled away. "There's the real you. How are you?" He asked, and for the first time in a long time, Aphrodite felt very naked, even more naked than when she was naked, she was bare, and exposed. "How- How did you do that?" Aphrodite asked, covering herself with her hands, even though she was fully dressed in a long red dress. She looked panicked, and for a moment, she blushed and let a tear drop down her cheek. "There's no way!" Aphrodite shrieked. "I'm more capable with the mist than even Hecate herself. You couldn't cut away my powers if I allowed it. Hecate herself has tried and failed, in fact, every god has tried and failed…How?" She asked, and Perseus simply smiled. "Love, is an emotion, the mist is a lie, and I live on lies, and have completely different emotions than the rest of you. In the back of their minds, they didn't want to see the real you, they wanted to see you as you were, but me, I think you look better this way. Truth makes me…well, happy. When you used the mist to lie, it made me angry." "Artemis, can you see this?" Aphrodite asked, emphasizing herself, and Artemis gave her a confused look and asked. "See what? It's just you." Artemis tilted her head to the side and narrowed her eyes. She saw Aphrodite just the same, but Perseus seemed to be seeing something completely different. "You know, you're not a bad looking person, but I'm sorry, even when you're my type, you're not my type. I prefer people who are real, your control over the mist, though much like mine, is rather off-putting. So, just be honest with yourself, and to everyone else. Otherwise, you seem like a bit of a bitch." Perseus said, looking at her piteously. He walked up to her without another word and put his arm around her petite shoulders. She was still shivering, but she seemed calmer now. "So, Artemis, why don't you show me around Olympus?" Perseus asked, pulling Aphrodite along with him, toward Artemis. He wrapped his other arm around Artemis and they all moved out of the clearing whose only occupant now was a decapitated Zeus statue. Artemis and Aphrodite being together was a rare sight, but them talking and actually laughing together was even stranger. This Line Is The Most Broken Line You Will Ever See. "This is working so much better than I had hoped!" Metis said as she laughed in delight, throwing her head back and cackling at the ceiling. "So much change already, and in only one day. Soon my son will overthrow the very roots of Olympus and rebuild their power under my name. I shall be queen again and I will not be usurped by that upstart Hera!" Metis clenched her fist, and stared down again at her son as he walked down the streets of Olympus with two valuable pieces in his arms. However, while she stared intently at the life of her son, her daughter fell apart. She had always felt alone because she only had her father to go to for advice or risk losing her pride. She couldn't even go to him now because he hated her brother as much as she loved him. She wanted to talk to her mother, but she was unresponsive. She wanted to talk to her brother, but he was convinced that she hated him, and she wanted to talk to her father, but he was directly opposed to her opinion about her brother. "What do I do?" She asked, staring up, into the skies of Olympus, seeking wisdom from one higher than the gods. She had assumed that no answer would come, but even wisdom does not guarantee omniscience. An answer came in the form of Perseus, walking down the road, directly toward her. "You get off your lazy ass. That's what you do. You knew me only as a dummy, and I didn't realize that before now, but now I realize that you are as much my sister as Percy is my child. I won't let you go, and I won't give up on you, so don't give up on me, because I'm going to be angry for a while, but I'll always love you." He said, smiling at her coyly and winking at her at the end. He then stood up and continued his descent to the bottom of Olympus, but when he was out of sight of Athena, he disappeared. "Who's Percy?" Athena muttered to herself as she watched Perseus saunter off.