electric blue lightning-bolt flashed from the skies and struck Ophelia on the head, causing smoke to appear around her. When the smoke cleared, Ophelia unfortunately looked pretty uninjured. Even though we were a hundred yards away from her, I could still see the smirk on her face. Suddenly, vines erupted from the ground, tangling all of the Sues' feet except Ophelia's as she used the winds to fly away. In doing so, the winds weakened quite a bit, allowing us to advance. I looked to my left and saw the three Demeter girls-Katie Gardner, Miranda Gardiner, and Billie Ng-together, focusing to keep the Sues trapped. I gave them a thumbs-up before charging to the crowd of Sues. As Annabeth, Thalia, and I charged, a volley of arrows fired by the Apollo cabin came on our right. The arrows landed directly in front of the Sues and extremely loud music began to play, stunning the Sues. At this point, there were plenty of campers surrounding the Sues. But all that went to waste when Ophelia began flapping her wings again, creating multiple cloud-to-ground tornadoes to blow us away. Our weapons fell out of our hands, and many of us flew through the air, landing very hard on the ground. "Feel the heat of the South Wind," Ophelia boomed, shooting a red-hot twister out her right hand at the Hermes Cabin. Connor and Travis managed to avoid the tornado, but Cecil wasn't that lucky and got burnt to the crisp. It was an unfortunate sight. I wanted to look away, but I couldn't. "You're screwed up, lady!" yelled Leo who started pelting Ophelia with fireballs. The fireballs did absolutely nothing to Ophelia, who stared at Leo like he was an idiot. She waved her hand and generated a gust of cold wind, freezing Leo into a block of ice. Ophelia looked at the rest of us. "Give up, Greeks. I'm too powerful to lose to you all. Power Creep has raised my abilities far beyond any of yours, even those of the Big Three gods. If you come quietly, and let me turn you all into my OOC minions, I promise to give you all great lives." "Not a chance," growled Thalia. She pointed her spear to the heavens. "No!" Annabeth and I said at the same time, but it was too late. Lightning flashed again, but Ophelia dodged it and pointed her hand at Thalia. Before our very eyes, Thalia began to make choking sounds, slowly turning blue. She held her hands to her throat as if to signal that she couldn't breathe. Annabeth and I tried to help her, but the winds forced us back. We could only watch helplessly as Thalia suffocated to death, eventually collapsing unto to the ground. I looked back at Ophelia, and I could have imagined it, but she looked heartbroken for a moment, just a moment. A second later though, her face showed no sign of guilt. "Anyone else?" asked Ophelia, looking around for more potential rebels. The rest of the Sues began to surround us, forcing us to drop our weapons and White-Out and binding us with shackles. The two Sues binding Annabeth and me were recognizable; they were Reyna and Frank, two of the OOC canon characters Jean had mentioned earlier today. Speaking of Jean, Annabeth managed to catch her eye and gave her a signal, swiping her hand through the air. Upon seeing the signal, Jean nodded and closed her eyes. Before the Sues surrounding her could do anything, a rainbow Iris message formed in front of her. Fun fact, a child of Iris or her Roman equivalent, in this case, could create an Iris message at any time without any drachmas or other forms of payment. According to Jean and Butch, they just needed a bit of concentration to create the rainbow. A good thing too, since Iris, like many of the other gods, was currently dead, it meant that only Jean and Butch had any access to the Iris Messages. Anyways, Jean only said one word "HELP!" before closing off the connection. The Sues near her tried to bind her mouth, but the damage had already been done. Ophelia looked unconcerned, however. "Who did you call?" she asked Jean. Jean looked her in the eye. "Oh, just Luna." Ophelia smiled a beautiful grin. "Is she your trump card or something?" "Something like that." Ophelia gave a melodious laugh. "So I suppose she's going to come your rescue right now." "Something like that." Ophelia stared at Jean for a while before facing Annabeth and me. "You look handsome, Jackson. Maybe you'll do well in becoming one of my Gary Stu boyfriends." I didn't even need to look at Annabeth to know that she wasn't happy about this statement. Too many times had the Sues separated us and stolen me from her. Ophelia flew towards us, landing in front of me. Reyna and Frank stepped aside to let her caress my neck and face. I've been told by the Slayers and Luna that I was an extremely important canon character, hence why many of the Sues were attracted to me. Just my luck. "Now for the Curse," she whispered. Her lips stretched out to reach mines, but she stopped at the last millisecond when we both heard a female voice cry out, "Jean, I'm here." We both turned to face the source of the voice. It was Luna. She stood there, looking incredibly bored with her arms crossed across her chest. Behind her, the other Sues had raised their weapons, unsure whether to attack her or not. Luna was a tall sixteen-year old girl with shoulder-length silver hair and golden eyes. She wore blue jeans and a black shirt with the words "Poorly Written Character" written in white. While she was not as beautiful as Ophelia was, she was still as beautiful as the other Sues on the battlefield. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention something. Luna was a Mary Sue.