a soldier? Well, him calling himself a soldier is like a windstorm calling itself a heavy gust." "So, he was just being modest? But why?" "Well, if he was being modest, it would be reasonable, because we're the huntresses. Arrogance could mean death around here, and he's far from stupid. But he wasn't being modest, exactly. If he's still the same as when I knew him, it's more like he's selling himself short." "Selling himself short? What does that mean exactly?" "Right, I keep forgetting you're not American. It means he's really under-confident. It used to be that when this guy said he could do one thing, he could really do about three times as much. But, since he's apparently made himself mortal, I don't know if that confidence problem got better, or if it got worse. Anyways, some people as high as Olympians are planning on relying on this guy now that he's mortal. He can do all kinds of stuff for them. They'd be pissed if we killed him." "Oh. Well then. Was he a meanie?" "He wasn't really mean, no. But I'm not sure how much he's changed. It has been over three hundred years, you know." "So is he a good guy?" "I don't know if a guy can ever be good , but he's certainly good as far as guys go." "Okay. Bye bye!" "Hey, don't tell anybody else about this okay? Some of our sisters get really upset when there are powerful guys around, because they assume they'll be horrible jerks. Let's keep everybody calm." A different girl speaks. "So why are you sitting around waiting for that boy to wake up?" "I'm making sure he doesn't hurt himself while he's asleep, and we need to know when he wakes up so the elder sisters and our Lady can interrogate him." "But why do we care?" "You foolish girl. He is the only one who can physically interact with the barrier. We need to know more about it so we can dispel it." "But why do we caaaaaaare?" "We don't yet know if it was a one time trap or if it's effective still." "But why cant we just kill all the boys who get ear the camp? Why not just kill him now and get it over with? "Come now, think, child. Certainly there are many who think all men should be eradicated from the planet, but can you really advise cold-blooded murder upon someone who has saved countless mortal lives?" "Huh? Countless mortal lives? What are you talking about? Him? But he let himself get shot twice! How could he be a decent fighter?" Sigh. "I'll tell you in a minute, my shift is nearly over." A different girl speaks. "So why do we care about this guy again?" "It's not that we care about him. Rather, it would be troublesome if he dies. He is important to Olympus. They think they can use him." "Well let them, I say. He's trouble. If they want him, he must be strong. That means he must be an asshole. Let's get rid of him quickly." "I'm with you there. Even if he is a war hero, he's still a no good man." "War hero!? Him!?"' "Yeah. Not one that'll ever get much glory, but still a hero in his own right." "What do you mean?" "According to the news we picked up after the battle of Manhattan, after Kronos was defeated, monsters near Mount Othrys went absolutely crazy, running amok through the streets of cities nearby. Apparently, a person named Nathan Grey killed every single monster in San Diego, the only city without demigods, by himself. After studying the remains, we estimate it to have been over two hundred monsters, including some nasty ones, hydras, Nemean lions, manticores, and the like." "Well, if he did it single handedly, how do we even know he did it?" "Because he was all over the news. The mortals thought he was some kind of vigilante who defeated an entire crime syndicate in a single day. They called him something lame, like the San Diego Savior or something. But one thing's for sure, at least. If he hadn't been there, thousands of mortals would have died, maybe tens of thousands." "Huh. Well, he's still a filthy male. We should send him packing. But... can we even do that? If he's as strong as you say he is..." "Don't worry. The elder sisters can take him on. Probably. And certainly our Lady could smite him with her eyes closed." Well, I suppose I should explain. Perhaps I am somewhat stronger than I let on. I am in fact the one who saved San Diego. But that must have just been a fluke, right? At any rate, I heard no more conversations until I woke up. And when I woke up, wouldn't you know it, but the first think I saw was the cruel woman, standing over me. "Get up, boy . Our Lady and the elder sisters will speak to you now." Perfect, I thought. Just what I wanted. Yep, there's your first episode/chapter/thing. Be sure to tell me how you liked it by leaving a review. I know that some of you may think the OC is going to be very annoying. And you'll just have to get over that, because he's staying. He's necessary. A lot of weird things are going to happen in this story, and we need Nathan to be our voice of reason. He needs to have strength slightly less than Percy's, so I gave him strength slightly less than Percy's right from the start. If you're already thinking of Nathan's romantic options... well, I admire you, but don't you think these huntresses seem a little different from the hunters you know? He's never going to stop having a rough time of it. But that isn't to say there won't be romance. Because what is a guardian fic without it? Just give it time.