kept on fighting, trying to get closer to them. Meanwhile, Bob's attacks were getting slower. Tartarus was learning to control his new body. Saber-toothed Small Bob lunged at the god, but Tartarus smacked the cat sideways. Bob charged, bellowing with rage, but Tartarus grabbed his spear and yanked it out of his hands. He kicked Bob downhill, knocking over a row of telkhines like sea mammal bowling pins. "YIELD!" Tartarus thundered. "I will not," Bob said. "You are not my master." "Die in defiance, then," said the god of the pit. "You Titans are nothing to me. My children the giants were always better, stronger, and more vicious. They will make the upper world as dark as my realm!" Tartarus snapped the spear in half. Bob wailed in agony. Saber-toothed Small Bob leaped to his aid, snarling at Tartarus and baring his fangs. The Titan struggled to rise, but I knew it was over. Even the monsters turned to watch, as if sensing that their master Tartarus was about to take the spotlight. The death of a Titan was worth seeing. While they were distracted, I killed a couple more of them. And then, a ripple of alarm passed through the army. In the distance, I heard shrieks, screams, and a persistent boom, boom, boom that was too fast to be the heartbeat in the ground-more like something large and heavy, running at full speed. An Earthborn spun into the air as if he'd been tossed. A plume of bright-green gas billowed across the top of the monstrous horde like the spray from a poison riot hose. Everything in its path dissolved. A drakon spread its frilled collar and hissed, its poison breath filling the battlefield with the smell of pine and ginger. It shifted its hundred-foot-long body, flicking its dappled green tail and wiping out a battalion of ogres. Riding on its back was a red-skinned giant with flowers in his rust-colored braids, a jerkin of green leather, and a lance in his hand. "Damasen!" Annabeth cried out. So that was the big friendly giant she and Percy had met who had saved their lives. The giant inclined his head. "Annabeth Chase, I took your advice. I chose myself a new fate." "WHAT IS THIS?" The god of the pit hissed. "Why have you come, my disgraced son?" He turned toward Tartarus. The drakon stamped its feet and snarled. "Father, you wished for a more worthy opponent?" Damasen asked calmly. "I am one of the giants you are so proud of. You wished me to be more warlike? Perhaps I will start by destroying you!" Damasen leveled his lance and charged. The monstrous army swarmed him, but the drakon flattened everything in its path, sweeping its tail and spraying poison while Damasen jabbed at Tartarus, forcing the god to retreat like a cornered lion. Bob stumbled away from the battle, his saber-toothed cat at his side and limped to the Doors. Golden ichor flowed from the wounds on his arms and chest. His janitor's outfit hung in tatters. His posture was twisted and hunched, as if Tartarus's breaking the spear had broken something inside him. Despite all that, he was grinning, his silver eyes bright with satisfaction. "Go," he ordered. "I will hold the button." I had pretty much reached Percy and Annabeth, still slashing at nearby monsters. Percy protested, by Annabeth seemed to convince him to let Bob do it. "Troy, come on!" Percy called out. I stopped, stunned. They wanted me to come too? But they barely knew me! Percy misinterpreted the reason I stopped and stepped out of the elevator, his sword out, ready to clear a path for me to the elevator. Then I saw a hellhound come at Percy from behind, its claws readied to swipe through Percy's tattered shirt and into flesh and bone. I couldn't let that happen. The world depended on Percy. An oath to keep with a final breath, the line of the prophecy resounded in my mind. I knew what I had to do. I ran faster than ever and launched myself at Percy taking the blow meant for him. Searing lines of pain cut into my back, as Percy reacted quickly and sliced the hellhound to dust. But it was too late. With my last effort, I pushed Percy into the elevator, where Annabeth was watching with a horrified expression and threw Annabeth's dagger back at her. And with my last breath, I told Percy "My name is Argo." I saw was Percy's stricken look of regret and grief as realization dawned on him. Then he did something surprising. He threw Riptide at me. "It'll come back to me!" He yelled. "And Troy... I mean Argo, I'm sorry." Then the elevator doors closed, and they were gone. I looked at the pen, then tossed it aside and watched it disappear. I wouldn't be using it. As I faded away, into the welcoming darkness, my last thought was that my promise had been fulfilled. Hi! I got the idea for this story (if you're interested) when I realized that all the 'Percy has a childhood best friend who helps him in quests, etc.'/'Another demigod at CHB helps Percy when he goes on quests' the friend is always a demigod or clear-sighted mortal. So I wondered, what if Percy's friend was a monster? And I got this story! Now I've finally finished this, I'm wondering what would've happened if Argo reformed a bit earlier and met Nico instead. Oh right, and a large half of this story is from The House of Hades. And does anyone not understand how I changed what a line of the prophecy meant? I feel like I made it a bit too obvious... Please tell me if I made any typos or mistakes! Feedback would be great too! Thanks, A Summer Rose :) Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or any recognizable characters by Rick Riordan or any text from The House of Hades.