rustling in the bushes near me, and I knew that this would be when the shit hit's the fan. The first enemy wasn't visible, but I heard them. I waited for a second footstep, but instead, I got a deadly projectile, skimming the air beside my ear. I leapt to the side, and rolled a couple times, avoiding the gold blurs that became arrows as they embedded themselves in the ground. I knew who my enemy was, without seeing him. Cameron Wiles, that Apollo camper who Zeus told me was his lapdog. I automatically went on alert. Looking at the angles that the arrows came at, determining my enemy's location. A smart hunter would have already moved after the first miss, so I now knew it had to be him. He fired another arrow, from the same direction, skimming my side and cutting my jacket. I leapt forward, automatically drawing my impromptu knife. I already had a plan of attack, open to improvisations. First I would disarm him by cutting his bowstring, then I would- no, better idea. I would cut the bow itself, and use the string to tie him up. I would then take his arrows and move on to the next guest. Perfect. Just as I approached him and raised my knife there was another rustle. Instead of the arrow I was expecting, I heard a scream and saw an unarmed figure running for their life. I looked down and saw that Cameron must have dropped his bow and quiver. I hunched over and started laughing. Then I remembered something: I have to follow him, he'll lead me to the rest of his group. I followed him silently until he reached a group of campers, they were obviously waiting for him to come back with good news. He met up with the group of four other campers and without warning my blood boiled, and my world flipped upside down. Annabeth, hanging off of that son of Zeus' arm, Joshua. I was mad enough that Annabeth just ditched me, but she ditched me for another guy. Now I think its about time that I got some revenge, and as a wise man once said, revenge is a dish best served with a side of whoop-ass. As soon as I jumped out of the tree that I was hiding in, I instantly went into battle mode. I first lunged at the son of Hermes, giving him a swift kick to the kidneys, making him lurch forward and away from me. By now everyone was aware of my presence and was beginning to arm themselves. I drew my one of my 'sorta-knives' and threw one, embedding it into Cameron. Annabeth attacked me with an upward strike from her dagger and I leaned back, like in the matrix and kicked upward with my left foot, knocking the dagger up, out of her hand. After that, I leaned all the way back and planted my hands on the ground and pushed myself up and knocked Annabeth down. Then I leaned forward and used one of my arrowheads to stick her to the ground, effectively disabling her. I grabbed the dagger out of midair and threw it at the son of Zeus, it lodged itself into his shoulder and I jumped up, kicking him with both feet, in midair. He flew backward and I went and grabbed his sword from him. After scavenging all the weapons that I could, I heard a snap near me, like the breaking of a branch. I whirled around, already swinging my newly scavenged sword. I was surprised to see Leo and Thalia, standing there, looking mildly perturbed. So surprised, in fact, that I kept my arm swinging and tripped forward, but I caught myself and stood up straight. I almost laughed at the face that they were making. Thalia was looking at me as if I had grown a second head, and Leo looked like his eyes were about to go on vacation from his skull. I didn't brush my hair that morning, so I didn't know if that was what they were staring at so I looked up, worried that I might have an ugly cowlick. Soon though, her face changed, and Thalia looked like she was deciding whether or not to laugh at me. "What?!" I asked, impatiently. "What are you staring at?" I was about to wave my hand in front of their faces, but Leo shook his head and said. "How did you do this? Three guys and Annabeth in less than ten seconds without allowing them to draw their swords. Dude, you're like a ninja." "No, no, not a ninja, more like a velociraptor from Jurassic Park." Thalia said with a bit of awe, detectable in her voice. I smiled slightly but soon let the smile seep from my face. There was danger, I could feel it. There was a throbbing in the base of my skull, like a pulse, but not mine. I rose slowly to the balls of my feet, while bending my knees ever so slowly, I brought my arms up with a knife in a down position. I motioned for Leo and Thalia to be silent and listened for breathing from the attacker. I felt a presence, but no breathing, just a hum, like the sound of an engine, a huge engine, like a V-8 Hemi on steroids, on steroids. I sounded deadly, more deadly than anything that I had faced before, and I had faced gods and Titans and even giants. But this, this scared me witless. Suddenly there was a flash of binding darkness and the hum got louder. I looked around to find the source of the hum and the light. There, it was behind me. I whirled around, ready to embed an arrowhead in whatever it is that's giving off this light and this sound. The arrowhead flew with perfect accuracy, and embedded itself into someone that would change my life forever, literally, forever.