into the distance with a placid smile on her face. Finally, Hestia smiled as she felt hope soar through Olympus, this child had done so much already, she couldn't wait to see the changes he would make to Olympus. Percy was still cowering behind Silena when suddenly a single flash brought many surprises. Five women sat or stood in different positions around the room, and all of them were staring at him. Despite Perseus' trepidation when faced with the kind centaur, he relaxed when faced with five powerful goddesses who could incinerate him on the spot. "Thank you, Chiron, but we'll take it from here." Athena said, nodding to the worried old horse. Hestia, still in her eight year old form, stepped up to Perseus and offered him her hand which he hesitantly took. Hestia then smiled and pulled Percy to his feet, tapped him on the shoulder and ran away, calling behind her. "You're it!" Perseus followed her, running after her with all his might and gallivanting off the porch. For the time being, the goddesses had arranged that all the boys would currently be in their cabins, unable to leave, while the girls could come and go as they pleased. Back at the big house, Aphrodite smiled at Silena and gestured that they move the conversation outside and followed the two youngsters. Hestia and Percy were having a great time, running around the cabins chasing each other, occasionally Hestia would pop up behind Percy when he was hiding and holler into his ear, scaring him, but it was all in good fun. Hestia was so engrossed in her reinvigorated childhood that she didn't look where she was running and she bumped into Clarisse La Rue. Clarisse looked down at the little girl and was about to tell the girl to go away when she saw the boy behind her, chasing her. As soon as she saw the scars on the boys smiling face, and the bandages that still covered his left eye, she knew that he had been a victim of abuse, just like her. She then looked down at the little girl who was trying to look innocent. "Are you with the boy?" Clarisse asked and some of the other girls from her cabin gave her puzzled looks. Hestia nodded and Clarisse beckoned the boy over. "Never let them see you cry." She whispered in his ear in a tone even she had never heard herself use before. She then pulled him into a hug and handed him her bandanna, wrapping it around his bandaged eye. Soon, the boy began to sniffle, and he wouldn't let go of Clarisse, and for once, Clarisse didn't mind having somebody crying on her. She didn't care that it made her look weak, or that her shirt was wet, she cared that for this moment, she was the most important person in the world to this boy. Percy finally pulled away and pulled the bandanna taut around his head, nodding once to Clarisse with his eyes still bloodshot from the tears he shed. Clarisse then looked over at Hestia who was looking at her with wide eyes and decided; 'what the heck?'. She then leaned in and hugged Hestia as well, rubbing her head and giving her a smile before walking back to her cabin with her long brown hair swaying in the light breeze. Hestia then reached over to Percy and took his hand before guiding him back to the big house. "Hello Perseus." Hera said as she kneeled down and hunched in front of Percy. Percy smiled shyly at her and brought his hand up to his face as a nervous response, until he felt the bandanna and remembered Clarisse's words. Never let them see you cry. When he remembered that, he stepped forward and smiled crookedly at them, his eyes finally betraying the slightest hint of happiness for the first time in a year. "Hi, I'm Percy!" He said, feeling the need to reintroduce himself after such a drastic change in character. "I'm not going to let them see me cry." He said, finally finding something that he could cling to and fight for. "That's excellent Percy, but we're here to take you to a special place where you'll be away from all the boys." Hera said, brushing his hair from in front of his right eye. He nodded in acceptance and she continued. "I know that I'm not your mother, and I'm not trying to replace your mother." Hera began. "However, I would like to be your mother. In fact, all of us here would like to be your new family." She explained and Athena stepped forward. "Hello, my name is Aunty Athena." Athena said, smiling as kindly as she knew how at the boy who crossed his hands behind his back and smiled shyly again. She brushed her hand across his cheek and gave him a kiss on the forehead. "My name is Auntie Aphrodite, and I can't wait for us to have so much fun together." Aphrodite said and picked him up in a hug. He hugged her back and gave a small giggle at her antics. "Aww! You're such an adorable boy." She squealed and finally put Perseus down. "I'm Artemis, I'm your big sister!" Artemis said forcefully, nodding at her own words. She then leaned down and picked Percy of the ground, holding him from under his armpits. "You and I are going to be living together from now on!" She said smiling again. "And I'm Hestia." It was his aunt, his real aunt. "I'm your sister too, and we're going to have so much fun together." She said, hugging him in her eight year old form. Percy hugged her right back and whispered in her ear. "You're it." He then ran off and was followed closely behind by Hestia, but it didn't feel like he was running from Gabe anymore, now, he was running into the open arms of his new family.