obviously took the gasp the wrong way. A sob wracked her body and she turned away from him, wrapping her arms around her torso as if that might shield her from his gaze. There were even more scars on her back. "See?" she muttered brokenly. "I told you those girls were right. My scars are ugly. You think so, too." "No, Annabeth. That wasn't…Of course I don't…" He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Percy wrapped his arms around her from behind, and Annabeth struggled, too mentally exhausted to do anything but wiggle against him. Percy nuzzled away her hair to find the scar on her shoulder that she got saving his life from a poisoned knife. He pressed his lips against it and murmured, "Beautiful." She froze in surprise. He found a long one on her shoulder blade and pressed kisses along its length. On the last kiss he whispered "Gorgeous" against the marred skin. A circle of bumpy flesh was a few inches under that, (probably from an arrow) and he gently said "Lovely" as he slanted his mouth over it. He did this until he had kissed every scar on her back, rotating between the words "Beautiful," "Gorgeous," and "Lovely," throwing in a few "Stunning's" here and there. He made sure each praise reached her ears. He heard her sniffle and stifle whimpers. He didn't know if they were good sniffles and whimpers, but he'd check after he was done. He had to get on his knees to kiss the scars further down. A few of them went under the waist band of her jeans. Percy didn't know if he was glad or disappointed that Annabeth had a belt on, because her pants would have hung lower on her hips without one. A shiver wracked her body every time Percy got close to a more sensitive part. There was one scar that started right below her neck and curled around her left side, stopping at her rib cage. He followed it, kissing, and the last one he whispered "Lovely" before moving onto the next one. He worked on her side scars, even lifting her arm so he could get the one under her armpit, and then went to her left side. He moved to her front. When he glanced up at Annabeth's face, he saw a few tears streaking down her cheeks, her bottom lip wobbling a bit, and her eyes so dark they were almost black. Percy continued. Every time he kissed a scar around her black sports bra, Annabeth would shiver violently. She threaded her fingers through his ebony hair, not pushing him away, but just searching for some kind–any kind–of grab. He placed feather-light kisses along her collar bone and whispered "Stunning" on the last one. He moved to her face. He murmured "Lovely" against the little scar on her nose, and "Beautiful" on the pale line on her forehead. Finally, he found the white line under her bottom lip. He whispered, "Gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous," before slanting his mouth over hers. The kiss was heated and intense, tongues dancing with each other and teeth nipping at lips. Annabeth tugged at and ran her hands through his hair. Percy brushed his fingertips against her rib-cage and smiled slightly into the kiss when her muscles involuntarily contracted. Hard as steel, he thought. Panting heavily, they pulled away to gasp in air. Annabeth broke the thin trail of saliva that was threaded between their lips. Percy wiped away all the water that was left on her face. "Did I show you?" Percy murmured. "Did I show you what I think… know what you are?" Annabeth nodded. He shook her slightly. "Tell me," he pleaded. "I'm…" She bit her lip. "I'm beautiful," Annabeth whispered. "Scars and all?" Percy inquired. "Scars and all," Annabeth repeated, affirmative. He gave her a happy, love-struck, lazy smile and picked her up, wrapping her legs around his waist. He led them to his bed, where he turned around and plopped against, back first, so Annabeth was straddling his waist. He tugged her down, tucking her head under his chin. "Sleep," he encouraged. "You seem tired." "But you have homework," she protested. "It's Friday," Percy reminded her. He wrapped his arms around her bare waist. " Sleep , Wise Girl." Annabeth smiled to herself and closed her eyes. "Seaweed Brain," she retorted, cuddling into his chest, getting comfortable. She was warm, inside and out. Laying here, in his arms, she did feel beautiful. Those girls at her school knew nothing about her, her life, or her scars. And her scars weren't the products of self-inflicted pain; they were the metals of a warrior, a survivor. Percy lazily ran a hand up and down her back. He brought his mouth close to her ear and whispered, "Gorgeous." Her smile widened. A very beautiful survivor. A year later, Percy was upset about his newly-gained scars from Tartarus. Annabeth took off his shirt and kissed every single one of them, whispering "Handsome" loud enough for him to hear. In their first year of marriage, Doctor Solace was worried about how the scar tissue that covered thirty-two percent of Annabeth's body would affect the baby. Both Annabeth and Percy cried on the way home. Percy stripped her out of all her clothes and made sure to kiss every single scar. He murmured "Beautiful" with each kiss. Eight months later, Annabeth sat in a hospital bed, her hair a mess and her eyes and face red and puffy. With Percy's loving gaze on her and their beautiful baby boy in her arms, Annabeth couldn't have felt more gorgeous, epically when her husband kissed the scar on her shoulder and told her so. AN: I hope you liked this. I'm sorry if Annabeth was OOC, but this seems to be something that any teenage girl would react to in some way. Constructive criticism appreciated, and reviews are most certainly welcome. :D Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson.