prep Nico for you ok? Why don't you kiss Annabeth while Nico fucks her and I'll get him ready for you to ride." "Yeah sounds like a plan dude." Will came up behind me kissing down my spine. Whispering encouragement and dirty nothings into my ear. Percy was kissing Annabeth wildly telling her she was doing so good and how hot she looked underneath me. Fingers breached me. Cold lube was being spread across my ass as two fingers shoved in and found my prostate the only way my boyfriend could. The lights flashed around me feeling Will brush over my sweet spot as I was deep inside another person. I had to pull out to keep from cumming on the spot. As he worked the third finger into me Percy had dragged Anna's lower half toward him going down on her in a almost cave man intensity. I had the sudden realization that Percy was going to fuck me. He was looking at me with while he went to town on her. Never taking his eyes off me. Dilated blown out pupils stared at me getting fingered. Pulling the condom off me I motioned for Percy to come over with a come hither finger. Will was done stretching me. I straddled Percy's chest rubbing the tip of my dick on his pink little lips. "Open" I demanded and he obeyed. Licking my slit and sucked hard on the tip I could feel his condom covered cock twitch against my ass. Having enough of his mouth I back up to lower myself onto him. Will had Annabeth on all fours taking her from behind ruthlessly as he usually took me. I lowered myself quickly onto Percy overwhelming him with my tightness. The pain of the quick stretch only made it feel better to me. Looking down on him it was like an old sex dream I had once. The idea of it being real was slightly surreal. Bouncing and riding him I could feel his hands dig into my hips as he kept his hungry eyes on me. In the background I could hear Will bringing Annabeth to climax again. She really did make amazing sounds. At her shout Percy started bucking his hips harder into me holding me still as he pushed up angling himself finding my prostate without knowing. Panting and practically screaming he could tell he was doing something good. Dragging me over next to the other two I kissed Will while riding Percy. Wills hand found my length pumping me higher. Annabeth reached for my hand and grasped it not knowing where to grab In her bliss filled state. "Time to switch" will growled into my mouth. Standing up on the bed I fell dramatically into Wills arms while Percy tore off our condom and replaced it with a new one. Annabeth found her love and rolled underneath him as he threw her legs over his shoulders. Will dumped me infront of him laughing and copied Percy so Anna and I were in the same position. Taking eachothers hands again we held on to eachother as our men did their damnest to fill our needs. Will started to quicken his pace trying to keep up with Percy. I could feel him building and at this rate he was going to blow before me. A silent cry escaped his lips as he began to shudder emptying himself inside me crying my name and "I love yous." I could tell Percy was close so I stood up pumping my length close to my bliss. Looking at Will the entire time I released my arousal all over Percy. Some in his hair some on his face some down his chest. The feeling of it hitting him set him off inside Annabeth with a long drawn out moan. Settling down against Will we did our usual afterglow traditions of pecks and loving emissions all over eachother. Seems Percy and Anna don't do that.. they just huff next to eachother trying to catch their breath. Will threw a pack of baby wipes over to Percy so he could clean himself off. Escaping to the bathroom Annabeth left us three alone naked on my and Wills bed taking in what had just occurred. "So Percy how was your first homosexual experience?" Pried Will "It was... it was eye opening. All in all I had a really good time! How was it for you guys?" "Umm.. I'm not going to lie.. I'm still gay. But like you said eye opening. It was fun with a girl but not as ... natural as it is with Will." "I'm not going to lie Nico I had a lot of fun with you. And don't tell Anna but you both are much better at blow jobs" "Well we practice." Giggles broke out between the three of us. Annabeth came back from the bathroom still fully naked like the rest of us and snuggled next to Percy. "Did you guys have fun?" "Yes" we breathed in unison.' "Any weirdness or anything?" "Surprisingly no I think you hit it on the head with the high level of friendship thing. I'm still head over heels in love with this ball of freckles and I just feel really relaxed" "Yeah my little black cloud here is still my one and only I'm sure of it though it was a good time guys thanks for the fun." "Why don't you guys just sleep here. It's late and I'm sure you're as exhausted as we are." Both of them nodded as we started getting comfortable on the abnormally large bed getting blankets and sheets in order. All the sudden we hear a string of loud Spanish and a rocking noise coming from the back bedroom. "Leo and Reyna?" "No!" "I think so!" Suddenly we hear an "aye Papi!" Wail from the hall way and we all just lose it. All in all I think the truth or dare game was a success.