skin tender and light. Pulling him to the bed I laid him down climbing over him. Brushing the fringe of his hair out of his eyes I just took him in. My husband. Mine. For the rest of my life. Forehead to forehead blue meeting brown I looked on his eyes breathing the same air feeling his strong hands on my hips circling my skin with his thumbs. "I love you husband" "I love you more" Soft kisses on his face my lips lead a trail down his body worshipping and memorizing every moment and detail. Taking in the texture of his skin and really tasting him for the first time. Tender supple skin tight around his abdomen pinching between my teeth with love nips and caresses. Swirling my tongue around his navel I felt him jolt at the tickling sensation. I knew the feeling of my hair splayed across him hiding my face from him didn't help. Getting him ready for me I took him into my mouth in slow sensual bobs of my head working my lips and tongue over the velvet texture of him. Raking my nails over his flesh in a claiming motion the coos and little whimpers emoting from his mouth were sending pleasure signals through my body. Pulling the hair from my face he watched me as he did so many times get him in the proper state yet his gaze felt different. A good kind of different. As if he was seeing me for the first time again. Will made sure our first time with physical love was special even though it was unplanned and I came on to him first but this was my turn to make sure it was special. I was setting the tone and the pace. He was enjoying me yet still far from finishing. The side table was full of little lotions and oils for us. Popping off the end of him he tugged me upward. Sitting up he pulled me into his lap as he reached around me with the lube in his hands. Nibbling my collarbone I could feel him exploring as he had done so many times before. Will knew my body better than he knew his own. The alien feeling of his fingers dissipated long ago. Now it is all but a triggering feeling of excitement my body instantly recognizing his digits filling my brain with glorious anticipation. " Your fingers seem to have a mind of their own tonight. I don't think you have ever done this without looking at what your doing." I chuckled into his neck. " Oh they know where they are going Mr. Solace Di Angelo. In fact I think if I just press right... here." My body melted as he found my good spot inside me. Moaning into ear I arched my back pressing my erection against his stomach wrapping my arms around his neck. I was huffing in pleasure as he drew mewls out of me. "I think I'm ready for that condom now" I rasped to him. "Baby?" "Yeah" "We don't have condoms here" "What.. but.. no!" I whined. Nuzzling against my nose with his giving me little kitten kisses against my lips I could feel him smile. "Baby. We are married as of tonight. We don't need condoms anymore." Dawning rushed over me. Holy shit we are married! We don't have to use protection anymore. Not that we really had to in the first place we had always been faithful but we had always just used them out of habit. Now I was realizing how real all this was. "We are married!" "Yes we are" he laughed. "Well then I guess.." "Yeah you guess ..." I could feel him prodding against me skin against skin for the very first time. Squirting more lube in his hand he lathered himself up then brought the hand around to the front coating my length in it as well pumping me in between us. I raised my hips and lowered myself on him and his lips parted in a hiss of pleasure that I had never heard before. To be honest on my end it didn't feel all that different maybe slight little differences but I'm assuming on his end it was a whole new world. It made me excited for the next time I get to top. I rolled my hips slowly. His hands were all over me trailing fingertips down my sides then gripping my hips digging his nails in when I would rock a certain way. My mouth never left his body. Whether in his ear with my tongue or kissing his sweet mouth we took our time making love embraced tightly together in our sitting position. Emotion was pouring back and forth between us in whispers and gasps of love confessions. Moans of bliss gliding between us in moments of just pure love staring into one another. This was a level of intimacy we had yet to truly achieve until this very moment. We us made love before but something changed tonight. Something better and more solid was being built between us. I had only felt something similar twice before with him and that was our first time and the night he proposed. Still this was much stronger and so much... more. Climaxing close together in a loud cry from myself I felt him wiping my face. I hadn't even realized I was crying (again!). Today was an emotional day and I never cried yet today it seemed the flood gates just opened up as the intimacy increased ten fold between us. Murmured I love you's between kisses as we just held eachother for who knows how long. No one I'm sure has ever had a more perfect wedding day. Pleaae review! If the reviews are there I might give you the perfect honeymoon. If you guys have thoughts on the honeymoon please tell me! I would love to hear what you have to say!