attempted to go down on the strap on. "How am I doing?" "You don't have to be that gentle. You can be a little more insistent." I slid my finger deeper in, working it to the second knuckle in and out. "Start by licking from base to tip with the flat of your tongue." Following her instructions I felt a light vibration. I did this coating the whole underside with my spit, finally wrapping my tip around the head. The vibration for stronger and soon she was making more noise. Soon I was taking the fake cock deeper down my throat... wow I don't seem to have a gag reflex! Who knew? The more I copied her movements the stronger the vibration. One finger became two as I stretched her wider. With a jutting of her hips and a sharp cry I saw slick roll down her thighs. Holding my head down on he fake cock she fucked my throat through her orgasm. It lasted much longer than my own. Pulling me off she smiled at me. "Good job! Seriously I think you should be proud. Most of the time I can't get off but you... you really are a natural. You ready to go further?" "Further?" "Yeah. I'm going to fuck you with this." She held on tight to the strap on and shook it a little. I gulped audibly. Did I want to do this? Lose my virginity to a toy? A toy attached to a girl? Reyna searched my eyes for an answer. Well I've gone this far, we've kissed and gotten eachother off during this little quest of a higher level of friendship. Now that I've done this much the idea of doing things with Will or any guy now seems a hell of a lot less nerve racking. This is what people did though. They practiced with their friends. It happened all the time when Bianca and I were in military school. It happened here between Reyna and Taylor and now me. I'm already down this rabbit hole I might as well drink the fucking tea. "Ok yes, but I'm not sure about looking while you are fucking me with a strap on. It feels super intimate." "Oh you won't be looking at me." "What do you mean?" "Get on all fours, like a dog." I did as she asked and moved behind me. "I'm going to fuck you like this. That way you can pretend it's Will. Just close your eyes and pretend I'm him. I'm going to make you scream his name." Then she slapped my ass hard. It was demeaning, and incredibly hot. My dick started to harden at the aspect. Without warning I felt a mouth breathing my entrance. Squeezing my cheeks I could feel a tongue prodding me, relaxing me, making me leak. I imagined Wills sun tanned skin, his freckles, the blonde curls tickling my skin. I heard the squeeze of the lube and the fingers working me as they did before. Starting with two this time the mention became harder than before, rougher. Soon a third joined it and I was panting at the sensation. More I wanted more. I felt a small vibration as the tip circled the rim of muscle. Pushing in the stretch was alien and oh so arousing. The vibration didn't help my eagerness. Slowly inch by inch I felt the deep penetration. No longer a virgin I had a cock albeit a fake cock fully seated inside me. Adjusting to the feeling I felt a rocking behind me. Awaiting my permission to thrust. "Ok, go" I breathed out quickly. Slow and shallow at first. Soon I felt myself meeting the thrusts. Moans escapes my lips as I felt the cock press against that button on the inside. Wills name spilled out of me as I imagined his muscled chest and chiseled V. The look of him sweat covered and holding onto my hips as he drills into me. The slap of my skin against his. My hair was suddenly pulled back as the thrusts became harder. The pain of it only increased the pleasure filling my lower gut. I reached between my legs and rubbed myself to the rhythm. Deep growls grew in my chest as I climbed higher and higher. Picturing those blue lapis eyes watching me fall apart beneath him. I heard a scream behind me and it set me off. Ropes of white covered my hand in quick thick bursts. I collapsed onto my self. The cock slid slowly out of me as the aftershocks of the most intense orgasm of my life started to fade. Rolling over I saw Reyna detaching her device, breathing heavy. "Did I do ok?" I whispered. "Baby you are going to make him so fucking happy. Taylor couldn't take this the first time, we had to work up to it with smaller ones and you took it first try." "Well, I wanted to. Wow I can't believe we just did that. Holy shit I lost my virginity to a girl! That's insane!" I covered my face with my hands. "You lost nothing Nico. And no one has to know. This is between you and me. Just two friends helping the other out." "Can you.. never mind." "Want me to hold you a little?" "Yeah, I'm sorry it's just. This is a lot ya know?" "Yeah come here. Just relax and I'll hold you a little." I crawled over to her and she took me in her arms. I don't think I could have done this with anyone else. I don't trust anyone enough. I want to trust Will like this. I want more than just trust with Will. Now after a brief reflection of what just happened, it doesn't seem so scary. Knowing what to expect seemed to really help. I'll never be attracted to women, never. Reyna's not just a woman though, she's a higher level of friendship. Review of you like this.