own room anymore ." "When did this become a tradition?" Robert asks. "Since I made it one," Atalanta replies. "You do know for it to become a tradition, Mom and Dad will have to have a couple more kids, right?" Damasen reminds her. "Oh gods, no," Annabeth says. She snorts. " That's not happening." Percy nods in agreement. "Even though we do love you all very much…, no way in Tartarus. Our baby-having days are over." "Eww!" the girls chorus in unison. "That's disgusting !" Luca groans, scrunching up her nose. "Dad!" Atalanta complains. Percy just grins and snickers. Getting over her revolted state, Atalanta whirls on Annabeth. "So, Mom? Can we? Can we?" Annabeth ruffles her daughter's hair. "Knock yourselves out, guys. Just don't make too much noise, and lights out at eleven." The kids get right to setting up camp in the living room. After putting on their pajamas, they put all their stuff on the couch and watch movies. When one of them gets too restless, the child works on the blanket fort. Percy and Annabeth retire to their room. He throws an arm around her and buries his face in her neck as she finishes up some work. "Hmmm. It's eleven," Percy points out, only opening his eyes a little bit. "Should we go check to see if they went lights out?" "Probably." "But you're so warm ." He snuggles further into her, just like he used to do when they were teenagers and he didn't want to get up. Some things never change. "But you're the one who pointed it out ," she tells him, mocking his sleepy tone. "I need some water anyway." He grumbles, but loosens his grasp, allowing her to free herself. When she detangles herself from him, he dramatically face plants into the pillows. "Ugh." She chuckles. "I'll be right back." "But the boys are already seventeen," he tries again. "I'm pretty sure I remember two seventeen-year-olds whom snuck out of their cabins at night." He stays silent, obviously trumped, and she heads out the hallway and down the stairs. She enters the living room to find her four children sprawled about. Luca is curled up, looking a lot smaller than she actually is. Atalanta is stretched out across the blanket fort, the craftsmanship so good that it doesn't collapse under her weight. Damasen has his feet in Robert's face, snoring away, and Robert lays on his stomach, arm hanging over the edge of the couch. Atalanta is the closest one to her, and Annabeth makes over way over. She brushes some of the tangled black locks out of her daughter's face, silently chuckling at the trail of liquid coming out of the corner of her mouth. Next, she goes to Damasen, and finds the same exact trail coming out of his mouth. Still chuckling, she checks Robert and Luca, and, sure enough, they're drooling too. It clicks together. They're just like their father. Yes, Annabeth had always known that all her children drool in their sleep, but the facts just never slid into place until now. Warm hands grasp her shoulders, and hot breath fans over her ear as Percy whispers, "You said you'd be right back. Find something more interesting than your poor, neglected husband?" She fumbles for one of his hands. Once she grabs it, she pulls it up to her face and presses her lips to the back of it. "They're all just like you," she whispers against his flesh. "Hmm?" "They're all just like you," she repeats, louder, but not loud enough to wake anyone. He turns her hand over in his palm, massaging her knuckles and the bones connected to them. "Why do you say that?" "I just…Look at them." Doing as he's told, Percy peers at his kids. "Okay." "What are they all doing?" He focuses a bit more. "Drooling," he answers. Annabeth slumps back into him, nodding into his chest. "So…They're all like me because they drool in their sleep?" "There's lots of little things, but, yeah." "Did they get my awe-inspiring sense of humor? Maybe my impossible good looks? How about–" "I swear to the gods above, Percy…" AN: Ah, Percy. *Sigh* You'll never grow up, will you? Here's the list of the OCs that I made and used (excluding the ones I only mentioned): Robert Leo "Bob" Jackson: Straight blond hair and grey eyes. Damasen's twin brother and Michael di Angelo's boyfriend. Pretty much like Annabeth, but with Percy's sass. Named after Bob the Titan. Born about eight years after the Second Giant War. Damasen Jason "DJ" Jackson: Curly black hair and grey eyes. Robert's younger twin brother. Like a male version of Annabeth. Named after Damasen the Giant. Born about eight years after the Second Giant War. Atalanta Bianca "Lannie" Jackson: Straight black hair and sea-green eyes. Like a female version of Percy. Named after Percy Jackson in the sense that they were both named after old Greek heroes. Born about ten years after the Second Giant War. Luca Reyna "Luke" Jackson: Curly blond hair and sea-green eyes. An introvert with Percy's loyalty and Annabeth's smarts. Named after Luke Castellan and Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano . Born about thirteen years after the Second Giant War. Bianca Solace di Angelo: Blond hair and blue eyes. Michael's twin sister. Named after her father, Will di Angelo, and the original Bianca di Angelo. Born about eight years after the Second Giant War. Michael Yew di Angelo: Brown hair and black eyes. Bianca's younger twin brother and Robert Jackson's boyfriend. Named after Michael Yew. Born about eight years after the Second Giant War. You guys can use them if you want. If you do, some credit would be nice, though. This was not beta'd, so all mistakes are mine. If you find any errors, please tell me so I may fix them. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or any other product I may have mentioned. Constructive criticism welcome, and reviews make my day!