Instead, Piper could feel her hand trailing up her back until she reached her head and took her hat off of it. "I think I'll take this back." "As you wish… I'm more of a Dodgers fan anyway," Piper croaked, her throat constricted. "And this too, thanks." The tray was tugged out of Piper's grip. The blonde frowned at it and the numerous s'mores on the ground. "Such a waste." "Yeah… see what you've done?" "What I've done," Annabeth repeated flatly. "I suppose you stealing this from me had nothing to do with it." "Glad we're on the same page." "Ugh! This is not over, McLean," Annabeth growled and stomped back towards the fireplace, her tray now sporting substantially fewer building blocks than before. Piper, still not feeling like getting up and waiting for her breath to return to her fully, stretched her mouth into a grin. Oh yes, this would go on… but right now, she thought, feeling her full and bulging pockets pressing into her abdomen, it was a strike for Team Piper. Get a Hermes kid out of trouble and you have earned yourself a favor. Piper distracted Chiron long enough for Connor Stoll to slip out of the Big House unnoticed (although whose bras he hung out of the attic window like garlands, she didn't want to know); Connor fetched a Twix extra large for Piper from the outside world. Simple bargaining. Twix. Her absolute favorite chocolate bar. Such a treasure required armed escort; there was no way she'd give up Twix to Annabeth. The amphitheater was empty in the morning, save for Piper and Jason and Leo, whom she'd talked into sitting beside her for safety. She'd originally planned to ask just Jason, but Leo had decided to eat breakfast in human company for a change, and two guards were better than one. In theory. In practice, Leo laughed himself silly when he heard that the battle between her and Annabeth was still ongoing. And he was loud. If that didn't alert Annabeth… "Hey, tell me, Superman," Leo chortled, "why don't you step in, huh? What kind of boyfriend are you that you cannot beat Annabeth into submission? …er, that sounded wrong." Piper snorted. She, of course, had spoken with Jason about it… or more like ranted in a strange mixture of whining and gloating, but same difference. The thing was, she didn't want other people to get actively involved. Just like Annabeth hadn't taken her siblings along during the s'more building contest, Piper would be a one-girl-team on the offense. Defense was another thing, and if she'd let Annabeth get away with what she'd done at dinner because she'd get in trouble with Chiron otherwise, it was only fair to have at least Jason on her side as a lookout. Right? She double-checked her surroundings. No sign of Annabeth. Leo on one side, Jason on the other. Smiling satisfied, she unwrapped her Twix bar, marveling at the sight of the rare treat. Closing her eyes, wanting to savor the moment, she moved the chocolate to her mouth. But right after her teeth made the first dents in the chocolate, something touched her hand. There was a tug on the bar and a muffled sound of protest. "You gotta be kidding me," Piper mumbled. She reached out in front of her and, sure enough, there was the invisible cap, now visible once taken off, along with the daughter of Athena. Who had her teeth sunk in the Twix bar, just like Piper. She tried to ignore Leo falling off the bench in laughter. "This is awkward," she said, staring at the blonde whose rapidly reddening face was less than three inches away, connected to the same piece of chocolate. Piper swore to herself never to unwrap the whole bar before eating it. Out of the wrapper is just fine. Many emotions swirled in Annabeth's eyes – anger, shock, embarrassment, exasperation. Not far off from Piper's own, honestly. Eventually, though, they gave way to determination. Annabeth pulled at the chocolate, sticking her teeth a little further from the end. She was not willing to let go. Piper did not want to be outdone. This was her Twix, after all. Bottom teeth first, top following, she claimed more of the chocolate bar for herself. She could feel her face flaming up – there was only one way this could end – but the thought of losing the Twix was more than sufficient motivation. "Piper! Piper!" Leo chanted, laughing. The girls' faces were slowly closing in, and with each fragment won, the intensity of the glares they were sending each other was rising. Annabeth had to twist her head to the left because their noses were touching. "C'mon, get on with it! When's the next time I'm gonna see two girls exchange saliva like this?" Leo exclaimed, holding a hand to his diaphragm. Something profound was exchanged in between them. Not a truce, no; both girls knew this was far from over; but more like a temporary agreement to actions taken after this was over. The stare-down continued. Each side wanted to be the faster, to predict the other's move and do one just before they could. Annabeth feigned an attack or two; Piper did so herself as well. In the end, she moved a split second sooner, biting through the chocolate bar and leaning away immediately. She could feel the place where her upper lip brushed against Annabeth's. "Aww, is that it?" Leo groaned in disappointment. Piper caught Annabeth's eye, and though the blonde looked embarrassed and a bit wild-eyed, she nodded to Piper's unspoken question. Time to act. Leo's dejected complaints soon turned into shouts of terror. " You looked like you were about to kill each other a minute ago! " he screamed, running as fast as he could from the two girls who were pursuing him in tandem, his fingers occasionally catching fire. " How in the Underworld are you a team now?! "