throat. It wasn't until we got our own place that we started getting rough and experimental. Before the apartment we would just sneak quick screws in my cabin at camp. I would travel into his cabin and bring him back to mine without the harpies being the wiser. Now that we had our own place... no one could hear me scream. Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz F.U.C.K! Oh my gods this was both awful and sensational! Pulling against my restraints trying to find some sort of relief Will started buzzing the plug in a staccato rhythm that was driving me insane. "Oh Will pleeeaaassseee." "Please what Nico?" "T-touch m-me please oh my gods" my voice dropped to deep groan. I could hear him shuffle closer still working the remote. "How does it feel Nico?" He whispered brushing my dick with his finger tips on the lightest possible pressure. Precum spurt into his palm. Reprieving me a bit he put down the remote still having it set on a pulsing vibrate setting he grabbed my length with one hand and using my own precum as lube to swirl his palm over my crown in a polishing motion causing my knees to finally give out. Pulling my legs out from under me I drove the plug into me deeper making me gasp and cry out. The sensations were to much everything was so vivid and wild. I still couldn't see anything. I wanted to cum so badly but I couldn't. "This is what it feels like when you make personal decisions that effect my life. Helpless. Wanting. Out of control. Begging for release." Tears were streaming out the sides of my eyes. I could feel Will pulling and tugging at the plug. Twisting and pulling still vibrating. Wills other hand was palming my testicles in rhythm with his tugs and twists. I began to buck my hips on a frenzy. Hair was tickling my chest as Will leaned forward to torture me more licking along my chest. Coconut shampoo filled my nose while feeling his teeth bite down on my nipple. "Fuck Will! Gods! Ohhh" "Scream for me.." he murmured. Pulling the plug out quickly I cried loudly. I couldn't catch my breath all I could do is scream and moan. I could hear him lathering up. Placing a pillow under my hips he hovered his tip over my entrance. I found myself trying to move myself closer. Doing my best to invite him inside me. "How bad so you want me inside you right now?" "I would do anything to feel you inside me right now" I croaked. "Even promise to never do that again? Would you promise to ask for help when you need it? And mean it!" "I mean it! I promise I promise! You will come with me every time I have a mission! Every time please!" "I love hearing you beg" taking off the blindfold he gazed down at me. I couldn't look attractive right now. Drool was running down my chin. My nose was running and I was crying I was a sopping mess. Taking a tissue from our side table he wiped my face off. I was still crying silently. "Have you learned your lesson baby?" "Yes." It came out barely audible. My eyes begging him. Sliding into me painstakingly slow, his eyelids fluttered rolling back in his head so that I could only see the whites. I wanted to touch him but he had yet to release me. Hard and slick his body moved over mine taking me. My Will oh my William how I needed you. Leaning up to kiss me I choked sobs into his mouth crying his name. Feeling his strong arms pulling me to him behind my shoulder blades. I could feel every inch of him sliding in and out of me. Taking his time to pull all the way out before slamming back in. Digging my heels into his back he began to pick up speed. With one hand he brought his hand down and freed me from the blasted cock ring. I thought I would blow just on that motion. Bringing my knees to his shoulders he made the fit even tighter. Hitting my over stimulated spot with his length I let go. White ropes of my release covered up both as he continued invading my body with his. The orgasm was the most intense mind bending release that we had ever experienced together. Years together and we still find newer heights to reach. I couldn't even describe the noises I made. They weren't human. They couldn't have been. Will was close too. The rhythm was becoming harder and more frantic. Less controlled. "I love you William" I said into his kiss. With an intrinsic cry he poured himself into me riding himself out pulsating every last drop inside me. Before he collapsed he uncuffed me. Rubbing my wrists in his healing hands. The emotion broke. My silent tears turned to sobs. Wrapping his arms around me he soothed my crying. Never even considered letting me go. Just stroking his hands up and down my back as I choked and hiccuped into his neck. "Shhhh nico it's ok baby I'm here it's ok I have you." " I'm sorry I'm so sorry" "I know you are Nico I believe you." " I know I just.. I promise I won't exclude you again I promise." "Shhhh it's ok baby I love you. I missed you so so much" " I missed you to Will." Giving me hours of aftercare he made me dinner and drew me a bath. Washing me in the tub I loved feeling his fingers massaging my scalp trying to get all the shampoo out. Will would dry my hair for me and pat the water off my body. After such an intense moment he made sure I felt taken care of and loved. Sweet kisses on my face in-between loving caresses. How did I get so lucky? Please review!