his tongue across my body he worked his way worshipping with his mouth down to my nipple and bit down. Flicking my nipple ring between his teeth he pulled on it. I made an embarrassing noise that I could only thank Zeus the kids were gone. The noise inspired something in him because he grabbed me and carried me to the dining room table. Pulling the table cloth off along with everything on it and bringing to the floor he displayed me on the surface. Pushing me up the table he pulled me into his mouth grasping both my wrists keeping them at my sides. I don't know what this man did with his gag reflex but he obviously took it into an alley and shot it in the head because he took my from tip to base in one motion. The feel of his wet hot mouth on me was almost enough to make me cum immediately into his mouth but I wanted this to last. Letting go of my wrists he flipped me on to my stomach ordering me to keep my hands above my head. "Oh yes sir" "Good boy" Bringing his mouth to my puckered entrance I dug my nails into the table. Oh if he even dares to stop I will fucking kill him. I could feel my eyes rolling as my head lolled in ecstasy. No marriage should be this good no husband should be this talented with his mouth but it was. This was my life I had a big wonderful family.I had a house and a yard and a husband who has his tongue in my ass over the kitchen table that we eat at as a family. I was in Elysium. Will brought his hand up to my mouth. "Suck" I engulfed my mouth around his callused fingers sucking and teasing swirling my tongue around them. As he withdrew them I bit down on the pad of his index finger. "Oh you dirty little bitch you" "Only for you" "Your damn right only for me" Grabbing my hair with one hand he stuck his fingers inside me. With the skill of a doctor he encircled my prostate with the tip of his fingers. I was panting and moaning his name trying to get a grip on myself as he prodded me. "Holy fuck yes W-Will please please!" I begged him. Always this man had me begging for him. Bringing me to my proverbial knees my legs were shaking and I was biting my lip so hard I tasted blood in my mouth. Spitting on my asshole and then into his hand I knew he was about to fuck me. The crudeness of him spitting on me was a kink we found out I had on our honeymoon in Italy. Pressing himself inside me he pulled me up hand still in my hair arm around my chest like an iron bar slamming into me hard and rough just how I like it. I loved a little pain during sex. Made me feel alive. All the stress of the kids and work and bills and being an adult all washed away with the adrenaline of the pain. Along with the slight pain was the love. This sex God thrusting into me loved me. Loves me with every fiber of his being. This man would kill for me would take a bullet for me would lie on the stand in court for me. Having that knowledge made our sex so much more. Took it to another level of intimate no matter how rough he took my body. Because at the end of the day my body was his body to do with as he wishes. His to love and to hurt and feel and his was mine. Every rock hard sculpted inch of his body belonged to me in every way. Sliding up and down my body we poured sweat onto the table as he took me. Manhandling me to turn around to face him I grabbed at his hair. Pulling him into me with my legs he licked the blood off my lip. Boring his eyes into me the blue of his irises were practically gone with only a small blue cerulean ring around his blown out pupil. Pure lust in his eyes. Lust for me. Only me. Feeling my erection sliding between our stomachs he angled me to hit my prostate. Oh. Fucking. Gods. Yes! Not able to hold back I came hard onto his abdomen. Noises I'm sure I was making noises but at that moment I couldn't describe what I was saying or moaning or groaning all I knew was a bright white flash of light blinded me and then dark spots danced in the corners of my vision as my orgasam peaked. Seeing me cum on him set Will off. I could feel spurts of cum against my prostate. Practically convulsing he shuddered his release inside of me. Falling clumsily to the floor taking me with him we laid there just enjoying the afterglow of the best fuck we have had in months. "Happy birthday angel" he kissed my forehead. "Well was that what you had planned for this weekend cause I will take what your dishing out" "Oh no sweetie. We are going to the mountains for your birthday I have the plane tickets on my phone and a bag packed for you already. " "Mountains huh. What are we going to do in the mountains?" "Oh I plan on doing this as much as I possibly can in every inch of the cabin I rented. Every surface possible. Infront of the fire. In the shower. In the woods. You are not going to be able to sit down for a week after this weekend." "And they say romance is dead" "Well your the expert on dead so .." "Shut the Fuck up Will." "Ok" he breathed. "I love you Will" "Oh good I was hoping you did"