jokes and his awful chuckle and all the boring medical stuff he rambles on about. I wanted him to slip in the bed beside me when my nightmares would come. To put his fingers through my hair he way he had come to favor these past few days. I want to feel his lips against my forehead again. It's an innocent gesture but.. it was the first time since I was ten that someone kissed me. Wills arms were the first to really embrace me in so so long. I wanted him to stay. "By tomorrow morning I'll be out of your hair deathboy! I will be keeping tabs on you though. I expect bi weekly therapy with me or Kayla or Austin and I will be checking on your meds. I will know if you haven't been taking them." "Seriously?" "Oh yeah" "So besides all that I guess this is goodbye right?" "Um well except for the appointments and my days off" "Your days off" "Yeah cause I'll be here on my days off from the infirmary. Can you cook cause I get off work early on Fridays around 6 so it would be nice if you could have dinner for me on those days. Your kitchen in here is better than any other cabin so I figured you can cook." "Yeah I guess I could.. wait a second! Why on earth am I making you dinner!?" "Because I'm hungry Nico." "Yeah but.. I'm confused?" "I'm not" "Well then please explain" "Well I like hanging out with you so I'll be here a lot. I want to get to know you better." "Why?" "Cause your smart and your funny and really hot" "Wha.. what the fu.." I stammered and blushed at the hot comment. "What's wrong?" "I just... I've.. are you?... this is all really overwhelming!" "Making a friend is overwhelming!" "Yes quite frankly it is especially with your last comment!" "Yeah well I'm an Apollo kid I can't lie. None of us can." "Like at all?" "Nope I've tried it's actually impossible." "So are you?" "Yeah I am" "And you?" "Yeah I do" "Even though?" "Yup" "But how" "Don't know just cause" "Really?" "Yeah surprised me to. But what can ya do" "Really?" "Yup" "So are you..?" "Can't officially until tomorrow but yeah" "Why not until tomorrow?" "Cause then your not in my care. And if you say yes I'll transfer your care to Austin" "Well then" "Yup so get some sleep take your blue pill and I'll discharge you in the morning" "Ok" I smiled. I've never had such a weird conversation with anyone. It's like he knew every question in my head we barely had to explain anything. So Will Solace wants to ask me out.. like on a date.. me. The next morning he had me take my shirt off to check my healed wounds. "How can you stand looking at them?" "Wounds or scars?" "Both" "Well wounds are easy they are like a puzzle I need to solve. The scars are a story and I like reading stories. Plus yours are super impressive honestly. I'm not sure how your still alive. You have what looks like sword slashes and lycon claw marks and burns. I'm impressed you survived all that. As for the self inflicted ones.. well Nico we all have our demons. You just wear your your skin. I don't judge you for what you did. You have been through so much in awe that it didn't happen sooner. But now I'm going to make sure it doesn't happen again. And if I can't then I'll make sure you survive the next time to" "I'm broken Will. How could you want to.." "Ask you out. Easy. I think your worth it." My blush at his words extended all over my body. He looked down at his watch. "5..4..3..2..1! Your officially out of my care Neeks!" "Your special.. you have problems" "I do and I am but that's all for another time." "What's it time for now?" "Oh I'm glad you asked" Standing up he took my face in his hands. With his thumbs he made cherishing circles on my cheeks. My heart rate shot up. Breathing was getting hard to do. Skeletal butterflies flitted around my stomach know what was coming. It's like time slowed down and he moved in slow motion. Leaning down with no hesitation he licked his lips and placed them softly on mine. Sparks shocked my lips all the way to my groin. My eyes fluttered closed as I returned the kiss memorizing the way his lips felt. Soft and warm. Kneeling down he straddled my waist even though he is about 17 feet taller than I. The kiss was slow yet powerful. Deepening the kiss I felt his tongue slip into my mouth and I found myself tangling mine with his. Tickling the roof of my mouth with the tip of his tongue a moan escaped my mouth and a he reacted by nibbling on my lower lip. Breaking away he came back for one last chaste kiss like he was sealing a deal. I couldn't speak I was still caught up in the moment of my first real kiss. "I knew you would be a good kisser. I'll pick you up later for the bonfire. Wear that cute black tank top I saw in your wardrobe." Getting up he walked out of my cabin while I was still paralyzed on my bed. Maybe it was the meds. Maybe it was the loneliness fading away. Maybe it was just a moment but that was the best moment of my life. Who knew that you could have one of the worst things you have ever done and he best hung you have ever experience happen within the same few days. I leaned back and screamed into my pillow. I guess they were right... it does get better. please review! If you want this to continue I'm open to suggestions!