body relaxed as if he didn't care if Percy came charging at him. "Bravely fought, Percy Jackson," Kronos said. He brandished his scythe easily in a show of power and pointed it at Annabeth. "But it's time to surrender…or the girl dies." "Percy, don't," Annabeth groaned, but those two words already had blood dribbling down her chin. She had to get out of here. "Blackjack!" Percy yelled. He quickly scooped up Annabeth. He deflected a blow from a demigod, and when he moved his arm to strike, something clamped on the back of his shirt and lifted him into the air. At first he thought it was Kronos picking him up like a kitten, but then Blackjack panted into his mind, Don't worry, Boss. I got ya. Below, Kronos screamed in rage. Percy looked just in time to see the bridge start to crumble from the impact of him slamming the butt of his scythe into the ground. Porkpie swooped down under Blackjack. He gave Percy footing so that he could swing himself and Annabeth onto Backjack's back. Percy capped Riptide and glanced down at the battlefield. The Apollo cabin was well on their way to escaping, mowing down the monsters in their way. He couldn't be sure, but it looked like the blond mass was still had about the same numbers as they did before the start of the battle. He sighed in relief. "Go help them," he told Porkpie. The pegasus dipped his head in understanding, shooting down toward them like a bullet, and Percy turned his attention to Annabeth. She was shivering and pale. Her shirt was drenched in red and more of it bubbled out of her mouth. Blackjack hit an air current, and she sputtered and choked on her own blood from the shock. "Hey, hey, shh. It's okay," he soothed, wiping her mouth. Try to be a little more careful. You got it, Boss. Percy wiped more blood from her chin. She just needs a doctor. She'll be fine. She has to be. She has to. Apparently, his thoughts were louder than he thought. Blackjack replied to him: Is…is she really gonna be okay, Boss? "She has to be," he said, determined, but his hands shook with panic. He peeled off his shirt and pressed it to her side, to which she groaned and actually vomited this time. It seemed to clear her throat a little, because she mumbled out, "Damn. This hurts." "I bet." He chuckled with no humor behind it. She's going to be okay. She has to be. He dropped his voice to a whisper. "Why…Why did you do it? I'm invulnerable, remember?" She shrugged, then groaned as it stretched the wound on her side. "Don't know. Had…a feeling that you were…in danger." Of course she did. She's his soulmate, he realized. She has to be. There would be no other reason why she knew, why she was the one who pulled him out of the River. It didn't surprise him, really. He'd always known, in a sense. He kissed her forehead. He wanted to kiss her on the lips, but that would cut off her airway. "You saved my life, you stupid, heroic, soulmate of mine," he admitted. She didn't seem surprised by the whole soulmate thing, either. Her lips ticked upward into a smile, and he had a feeling she had known. "Ethan…He would have stabbed my Achilles' Heel if you hadn't jumped in the way. I would have died." Her hand–shaking, covered with her own blood–reached up to cup his face. She stared at him, looking into his soul, his heart. "Told you…I'd protect you," she said. His eyes widened. No. No, no, no, no, nonononono. They just figured out. She couldn't…she couldn't die . This isn't–They're supposed to be soulmates. They're supposed to get their happily ever after. He needed to take her to dinner, buy her flowers, get a ring, all that stuff soulmates are supposed to do . She can't die before that happens. She didn't have the energy to keep her arm up, and it flopped back onto her chest. Her eyes slipped shut. "Hey." He cupped her cheek. "Stay with me just a little while longer. Please?" He rubbed her cheek, trying to coax her into opening her eyes. Tears pooled in his. "Annabeth?" he whispered, voice breaking. Her chest had already stopped heaving with each pained breath. Her lifeless body collapsed against him, not able to hold herself up anymore. "No," he choked out. He didn't care as the tears fell down his face, curling around Annabeth. His body shook as sobs washed over him, wave after wave. " No ." His soul-words had been spoken to him. The last words his soulmate would ever say to him. His soulmate…was dead. AN: "Swear you will do your best to keep Percy from danger," he [Chiron] insisted. "Swear upon the River Styx." " I–I swear it upon the River Styx," Annabeth said. Thunder rumbled outside." – Page 54, The Sea of Monsters (Actual quote. Look it up.) Listening to Still by Ben Folds or any song by Of Monsters and Men gives me fuel to write angsty/sad things. I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing… If it wasn't clear about my whole soulmate set-up in this: Soulmates only know the last words their beloved will utter to them, and, yes, mortals have soulmates, too. So you only know who your true soulmate is after they're gone. I'm becoming a bit obsessed with soulmate AUs, I think. Ha ha. I'm planning a Solangelo one, and hopefully that will be out sometime soon. This was not beta'd, so all mistakes are mine. If you spot any errors, please point them out to me so that I may fix them. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson. (Good thing, too, since a just killed off Annabeth, huh?) Constructive criticism is welcome, and reviews FEED MY DEMONIC POWERS! BWA HA HA!