and my body shake. Whimpers and pleas escaped my lips and he was making me beg for him. I've never begged for anything in my life and this seaweed brain was making me fall apart begging beneath him. Coming off my dick with a pop he removed my black silk boxers and discarded them. "You may move your hands now but don't you dare take that blindfold off. Hey the lube out of the drawer and pass it to me deathboy." Doing as I was told I could feel him nipping at my inner thighs pinching the skin between his teeth in a harshness I'd never felt before. I loved it. Nudging my sack with his nose he let them fall down his face into his mouth taking his sweet time rolling and swirling them in his mouth giving each one individual attention as he lubed up his fingers to slide into my entrance. Little did he know I had a surprise for him back there. Allowing my left nut to slide out of his mouth covered in spit he growled as he tried to find my hole. "And what is this Neeks?" "A- a butt plug?" "Why do you have a butt plug in pray tell?" "Because I don't want you to waste your time fingering me because it's your first time with a guy Percy. Obviously" "Oh bro you shouldn't have" "I did bro" I giggled at the ridiculousness of all of this only to feel him pulling twisting the plug inside me. "Oh sweet Zeus" "Where did you get a butt plug?" "Ah-a-Amazon" twisting and pulling twisting and pulling. "You like that don't you!" "Oh gods yes please!" "Please what deathboy!?" "Please Percy just-jus-just have sex with me already!" "Well bro you have to warm me up first a little ya know?" I could hear him shuffling his clothes off quickly straddling my hips lubing up his length. Reaching I grabbed both him and I together and began to pump quickly almost wildly I was so wound up from his teasing. Taking my other hand while I stoked us with the other he put my index finger in his mouth sucking along it and biting the pad at the end. FUCK! How could a single finger almost send me over the edge! I pulled both my hand away quickly. "I'm about to blow so if you want to fuck me your going to have to work quickly" "You better not or we are going to start all over again deathboy" "Oh shut it seaweed brain and fuck me better than you ever fucked that nerdy ass blonde you call a girlfriend!" Hopping to the end of the bed my legs spread for him like a reflex. Pulling the plug out slowly I could feel the stretch. "Oh Nico that's one beautiful gape. Are you ready for me?" "I've been ready please just put it in already!" "Now is that how you talk to your first crush?" "It is now! Percy shut the fuck up and fuck me already or so help me.." Thrusting inside me in one quick movement I cried out. Throwing my legs over his shoulders I could feel him diving deeper into me throwing me into a spiral of ecstasy that I've never felt any other time I've had sex. This was different this was so much more than I was used to. Things were usually so simple but I had never been built up like this and the sensation was overwhelming. Getting fed up I ripped the blindfold off and started meeting him thrust for thrust. Hitting my sweet spot head on his nails were digging into my hips so hard it was going to leave bruises. I didn't care I was lost in him lost in the fantasy lost in his eyes lost in the devastating pleasure ripping through my body like never before. Will was always gentle and sweet and sexy but Will pretending to be Percy was so dominate and rough and sex on legs. Hearing him pant and practically sob my name as he dove into me gave me a courage I've yet to have. "I-I .. I lov- I love you" I screamed. Spurting white jets all over his chest he growled frantic and breathless pouring his orgasm inside me. Bliss washing over his face as his dick twitched riding out every bit inside me. Collapsing on top of me in huff trying to catch his breath he rolled to my side dislodging himself from me quickly. Pulling me to him we bathed in our afterglow feeling everything in that moment of the most intense sex we had ever had. "Nico?" "Yeah Will" "When.. when you said ..." "I was saying it to you Will. Not him. It wasn't the fantasy. I was looking at you babe not him." "Did you mean it" "Every word." "Oh" "You don't have to say it back. When you say it I want it to be real not an instant reply" "Oh well.. guess I'm going to ruin it" "Why would you ruin it?" "Cause I'm so fucking in love with you it hurts" I stared at him searching his face hoping to the gods he was telling the truth. A tear ran down his face. I kissed it away. I believe him. "So what was it like fucking your crush?" "Slightly intense. I like that you can be spontaneous like that. We have to do stuff like that more often. It was fun." "Oh yeah I agree. And if I can get an I love you out of it who knows what else I'll get next time!" "So who was your first crush? Since apparently you never get to have sex with your first crush and all" "Oh that's an easy one. It was you." "What?! But You said?!" "Yeah I guess I'm just one of those exceptions. Your the rule" "Oh fuck off seaweed brain." "I love you too deathboy!"