was heaving and she was about to puke. She rushed towards the toilet, but on her third step, friction under her foot disappeared and she found herself in the air for the shortest moment. The unnatural feeling ruled over the faint sound of a key being pushed into a keyhole. She only remembered the sponge cloth she'd left on the ground when she found herself falling… Falling… Aside from the prophetic, mystic and most of the time scary demigod dreams, Percy usually didn't remember his dreams. This time, he could. Not clearly, but he'd been dreaming about being small and in the arms of a blonde babysitter. Once, he'd asked his mom why she'd chosen to marry Gabe instead of settling with babysitters, and she'd told him of the time when she'd trusted one with him and the babysitter had fled, leaving him alone in the apartment. He supposed that must've been her; though he couldn't recollect the babysitter's appearance if he tried to do so, he guessed his subconscious had pulled the image out of the rusty pile of forgotten stuff that he was sure most of the space in his head was composed of. Subconscious was just cool like that. Aside from having fallen asleep in the middle of a battle, Percy usually wasn't woken up by Annabeth's scream of rage. He didn't wake up , not really, having woken up a while before when Annabeth had bolted out of bed, but he'd thought he could fall asleep again. When he heard her screaming, that hope disappeared. His sight fell on his pants in a pile on the floor. (He'd been too preoccupied last night to fold them properly, because… well… reasons. ) The little box was still in the pocket, burning him whenever he put them on. Sometimes, he just hoped Annabeth would find it and save him the trouble – but no, he had to find his guts and do it. Only, he hadn't found the guts yet. Annabeth had found hers, though, and had recently puked them out. He found her kneeling by the toilet, a smell of sick strong in the air. The roll of toilet paper was almost undone, paper piled up on the floor. "Are you okay?" "Fine." During her curt answer, she proceeded to tear a part of toilet paper in two and crumpled those in her hand. Obviously, she was not fine, but Percy had had a fair share of arguments before he realized making her admit it wasn't worth it. The paper, though – Percy had been the last one to buy toilet paper to their apartment. He was more than certain he hadn't bought one that was pink and adorned with hearts. But for some reason, that was the paper currently at their disposal. Frowning, he picked up a piece of the paper. The material was soft and had three layers, each in a different shade of pink. He shuddered; that sort of thing was really only to wipe the butt with. There was a writing in the middle of the piece. The same writing had been scribbled on every single piece of toilet paper. Written in purple ink, the writer most likely a female; Percy couldn't picture any self-respecting male dotting his i-s with little hearts. Still holding onto that promise! Phrodie, xoxo "What the-" "I can't believe her. I just can't believe her! " Annabeth's voice, cracking from having just woken up and puked, was laced with anger and disbelief. Percy wrapped his arms around her, figuring that was the best he could do since he could not provide any relevant explanations about the paper, nor understand why it, while revolting, would evoke such fury in her, and she leaned into his embrace. Her t-shirt was stained with strange yellowish-creamy spots. It was difficult to tell with the smell of puke in the air, but Percy thought Annabeth smelled slightly of cheese. "What's with the cheese on my t-shirt?" he frowned. The spots definitely hadn't been there the previous evening and he was just as sure Annabeth hadn't just splashed a container of molten cheese on herself. The why-s and when-s of that hypothesis were against. Annabeth took a deep breath. "Percy, please, tell me you've always loved cheese. Even as a little kid." Percy thought back to his tantrums. His mom had told him how he couldn't stand the sight of cheese until he began going to the school canteen at the first school he'd been to – the one he'd gotten kicked out of for making the heating system collapse and flood, unluckily, the principal's office. (Accidentally, of course.) After that, he loved cheese all of a sudden. Before, she couldn't get him within a mile of it. "Uhhh…. Can I get a pass on that question?" Annabeth slumped into Percy's arms, screwing her eyes shut tightly and resting her forehead against his right clavicle. Her breath smelled of bile, but Percy didn't mind. Annabeth needed comfort, so comfort was what he was going to provide until she felt alright again, and a little bit longer. "When my stomach finishes the WWIII going on inside," Annabeth mumbled into his t-shirt, "I'm gonna find Aphrodite… and I'm gonna kick her butt." Percy whistled. "That sounds like one heck of a hot catfight." Annabeth's lips did twitch. Unfortunately for Percy, her mimic muscles weren't the only muscles to respond. And there were some things the architects hadn't counted on when measuring the sound-proofness of their walls. One floor above, the nocturnal neighbor looked up from the piles of work on his desk. A sharp unmistakable sound of hand meeting flesh had split the silence. It was with an eye-roll that the neighbor leaned back in his chair, clicking his pen absentmindedly as he wondered. Because, really, what could Percy possibly have done this time?! Aaaand that's this done! Congratulations if you've made it here intact! Care to tell this reporter how it feels? (hint, hint) ;)