never mention the kiss. ; VI. At the age of eighteen, one should be looking for colleges to get into, or already be in one. For once in her life, Annabeth actually is doing what she's supposed to at her age. But she has a feeling of remorse, looking at Percy's grin. He's waiting for her to tell him her choice. To tell him that she choose Yale. To tell him that they'll be able to see each other every week, because he's going to the University of Connecticut to stay close to his family and, hopefully, her. "Oxford," she whispers, and his face falls. "I'm going to Oxford." He tries to regain his happy spirit. "Well that's–that's great, Annabeth. Really. We still have Skype, and, anyway, there's a little bit of time before–" "And I'm leaving tomorrow," she blurts, shutting her eyes and looking down. He makes a pained noise at the back of his throat that he tries to cover up with a cough. "I know, Percy, I know. But there's this whole nationality thing, and I just–They told me they'd close my scholarship offer if I didn't accept it and jump on a plane by the end of the week." "It's okay," he whispers. He wraps his arms around her and pulls her into a hug, setting his chin on her shoulder. (He finally grew taller than her last year. He's 6' 3", but she's a solid 6' 0", so there isn't enough height difference for him to set his head atop of hers.) "It's fine. I get it. But it's just…so sudden . Can't you board a plane two days from now?" "Percy, its Wednesday. I don't want to have to cut it even closer than this." "Okay." He voice is small and watery. He buries his face into the skin of her collarbone, moving her shirt down her shoulder slightly to get access to more of her flesh. "Okay. We're gonna be fine." Wetness meets her skin, but she doesn't say anything about it. She just tightens the arm that's around him and threads her other hand through his hair, massaging the back of his head, trying not to cry herself. "You know what?" she whispers into his ear. "They tried to get me to board the first flight to England, but I said I need one last night with my best friend." "Really?" He looks at her, his eyes hopeful like they're five again, and she's giving him her blue Jolly Rancher. She nods. "Really." "Then let's make it count!" he announces, and he holds out his hand to her. She accepts. They run around his house, playing games and just having fun. They build pillow forts and have races. Percy even digs out the old toy lightsabers they used to play with back in kindergarten. (Teacher, seeing how much they loved them, gave the toys to the pair.) They don't glow anymore, but its fun sword-playing with something that's too little for you. They end up laughing on their chair, Annabeth, now the shorter one, being the one stretched out across Percy. She's too tall to rest her head on his stomach, having her back and shoulders there instead and her head on the armrest, her legs still hanging off the other end. Star Wars The Clone Wars plays in the background (probably left on by Tyson) as they try to calm down from their giggle fit. Then, Percy stops, a tender look on his face, and her breath hitches when he drags his warm thumb over her cheekbone, letting his pointer finger twirl one of her curls. "Annabeth?" he whispers quietly, so quietly. "Y-yeah?" "Can I kiss you?" "Yeah." He leans down, cupping her cheek while one of her hands threads in his hair. He hesitates a hair away from her lips, their breath mingling. Annabeth gets tired of waiting, and pulls him down. The kiss is slow and warm and tender; testing. It makes her toes curl and her heart swell. She pulls away, their foreheads pressed together, long enough to get air and sit up in his lap. He kisses her, his other hand going to her waist, and… …Everything's not fine . It's perfect . ; They make the whole long-distance relationship thing work. He texts her constantly, always adding I love you at the end of all his messages. (She asked him why once, and he said that 1. he needs to get all those unspoken I love yous out and 2. combining the two saves on his phone bill.) They Skype every single night, annoying the crap out of their roommates. ; She's walking down the street when his text tone sounds from her bag. It's raining (it seems to do that a lot in England), and she doesn't want to get her phone wet, so she ducks into the nearest coffee shop to check it out. Darth Vader points up at her, the words May the 4 th be with you splayed below him. She jerks, suddenly reminded of the date. How could she forget? Percy texts her again; just a little something that warms her to the bone. Happy best-friend-first-meeting-aversary, Wise Girl. :) AN: So? You guys like? This was not beta'd, so all mistakes are mine. If you find any spelling or grammatical errors, please inform me about them so that I can fix them. Thank you. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson, Star Wars, or any other kind of product I might have mentioned. The title for this story was taken from Echosmith's Bright. To all those people the read my other story: Yes, I am still writing that. I've just had a lot of time-consuming family stuff going on right now, and it hasn't left me a lot of time to write. I'm actually shocked that I got this out today, and I started this, like, a week ago. Constructive criticism welcome, and reviews really do mean a lot to me!