of death himself. It was nice to know that I wasn't the only "death presence" in Wills life. Guys usually fell for girls like their moms. Guess will fell for guys that were like his crazy aunt! " As the daughter of Death himself I'm here to teach you a few coping mechanisms and heal your heart a little bit." Coming over to me she laid her hands in mine and thoughts of my mother came rushing back to me. Pasta and sweet lavender perfume filled my nose. Memory after memory hit me. Both good and bad. She was giving me my mother back. Helping me get through her and my sisters deaths by reminding me how much they loved me and how they wouldn't want this life for me. The feeling of my mothers lips on my temple singing sweet Italian nothings in my ear. Warm S cookies soaked in coffee tickling my taste buds. When the memories stopped I realized I was sobbing. Pulling me down on the floor she held me. The weight of her arms and feeling of being held by a mother soothed me in a way that I had not realized I was missing. Cathartic sobs escaped me soaking the front of her shirt but she never once relented. Who knows how long this went on. Will was tearing up on the corner sitting in a big chair smiling watching us together. Pulling me up she lead me to the couch and Will followed suit sitting next to me. "Well Nico I think the first part is done. Reminding those of the good times and the comfort of family helps heal what's broken. It's a special power of mine. I also have a lot in common with you! I can shadow travel with the best of them. That's how Will was able to keep you from fading. I walked him through a lot of the medical stuff for shadow travel. Don't worry if you just rest all that underworld energy for a month you will be good as new and shadow traveling your little heart out again. I promise" wiping my tears away I believed her. I needed to believe her. "Angel my aunt is the one who got me through my self harm. She took me in when she realized how my mother was reacting. " It all made sense. Aunt Lee was Wills savior and now she was going to help be mine. "Now on to the coping!" Rummaging through the metal box she pulled out a plastic box full of body jewelry and sterile needles. "You my boy are going to get pierced today." "What NO I am certainly not why would I do that?" "Because sometimes Neeks you have to do something life affirming which is what you were doing hurting yourself. But there are safer and less crazy looking ways to do that. Like a new hair cut a tattoo a piercing. A little pain but in a safe way. " The more she spoke the more sense she made. A piercing? Maybe. I never thought about that before. Looking at Will I asked the obvious question with my eyes "Yes deathboy I have one. Well two..." Looking down he pointed to his belly button. A small hole was there it just didn't have any jewelry in it. "Where's the other one?" "You will just have to wait til the third date to find that out" smirking out of the side of his mouth. "Hey both of you throw some water on that conversation right now we need to see what would look best on our little cutie here" "Snakebites" will said "YAAASSS" lee screamed "Snakebites?" "Two lip rings here and here" indicating the points on her lips. Excitement roiled in my chest. Yes I wanted to do this! Go big or go home right? Prepping the needles and implements on the table my hands started to shake. "Don't be nervous Angel she's licensed." Then whispering "Her friend did my other one for me I thought it was a little to personal for her to do it" I broke. Hysterical laughter escaped my lips and it felt sooo gooood! Marking my lips she made quick work putting the gauges needles through the points in my mouth. It was perfect. The pain wasn't bad and it was cleansing. Plus sharing it with these two made them special. Two little black hoops were now in my lips. I looked at them in the mirror and joy broke across my face. Getting out a ball of rubber bands she placed it in my hand. " The next time you want to cut I want you to do two things. First out one of these around your wrist and snap it. It's a very old therapy I learned years ago when Willy was going through this. Two I want you to Iris message me day or night. Besides you being important to Will you are also important to me. Technically we are cousins dear you are my family. But since I'm much older than you I want you to think of me as your aunt to. This goes beyond your relationship with Will. Even if you two never speak again I am your family now and I know sometimes it helps more to talk to a parent figure about what's going on." Hugging me she packed up and gave Will and me a kiss goodbye. Part of me wanted her to stay. She felt like family. I had family now. Sitting next to will on the couch I kissed him thanking him for bringing me a little peace. For giving me a piece of myself I didn't realize I was missing. The longer we kissed the more i realized he healed my new piercings while kissing me. Once he realized it to we both couldn't stop laughing. My stomach hurt from laughing. I couldn't even remember the last time I felt that way.