agree with whatever sick plan you've created this time." I couldn't stop the snickers from breaking through after Katie's accusation. "You're making me sound like a creep." "Well, you are," Katie shot back. "Thanks," I grinned. "But I really don't know why is Chiron kicking us out of Camp," I insisted, as I felt grass wrapping itself around my sneakers and tying me to the ground. "The only thing I know is that... you see... we're going there on a quest. Haven't you heard Chiron announce it after dinner?" I handed one security pass to Katie, but she didn't take it. Open-mouthed, she was staring at me like her brain was unable to process what I'd said and I felt like I'd petrified her, like I was Medusa. Yuck, Medusa. If there was one mythological monster I really couldn't stand, it was her. Luckily enough, Percy had sent her to Tartarus three years ago, and the hag was too lazy to come back. But come to think of it; even if Athena had wanted to punish her, couldn't she have thought of a punishment harming only Medusa and not everyone who saw her? The goddess of wisdom... Okay, shutting up now! Why do I have a feeling some owl has... err, sent a present to my t-shirt? After about half a minute, Katie started stammering. I made out something like " Q-Quest? You... me... I'm going with you... on a quest?" "Right you are, Katie." "And you locked me in the restroom because... That was supposed to be an invitation?!" she exclaimed, still looking shocked, and finally took her security pass and pocketed it. "That was an invitation. Didn't it look like one?" Katie covered her face with her hands and groaned. "What have I gotten myself into?" "What have I gotten you into, you mean?" I corrected. "Well, only into traveling across the country with the hottest and the awesomest person by your side." Even though she kept her face hidden, I could imagine Katie's expression very vividly from the flat tone of her voice as she spoke. "I honestly admire your neck." "Well, that's nice…" I trailed off, blinking in confusion. Honestly, that was not the kind of reaction I'd expected. But I guess you could say I have a sexy neck, if you think about it. "Because with how big your head is, it should've snapped under the pressure," Katie finished. I huffed. "And here I thought you were actually going to say something nice about me for a change." Instead of replying, Katie only shook her head and started walking slowly in the direction of the strawberry fields. I decided to follow her and we just walked around the camp for a while, saying a word here and there. (And Katie just had to comment about this mysterious white spot on my t-shirt... But maybe it was good that she did, because it pulled me out of dreaming about walking with Katie like that, but holding hands and making out every few feet. This would've probably ended with me stumbling on some root and falling flat on my nose, which didn't sound very tempting.) Anyway, I realized that it was probably the first more-or-less civil conversation we'd had since we were ten or so. Interesting, right? "You know, Stoll, that was a very mean thing that you did," Katie said suddenly. "Uh, what? What have I done?" I asked, confused. "You made me say yes to the quest. What if I didn't want to? I'd be forced to," Katie explained. "Uh, right," I scratched the back of my head sheepishly. "But you do want to go, right? You've always wanted to visit some other states." "Well, I do, but that's not the point." "Quite the opposite. It is the point. I mean, no harm done, so why worry about things that didn't happen?" Katie sighed, frustrated. "You don't get it. I love traveling, so I'd probably agree anyway, even though it means spending extra time with you. But there are kids, who don't ever want to leave the camp, 'cause they've been traumatized for life by the war. Think about what you would've caused if you'd chosen one of them!" That shut me up. Katie was right; almost everyone under the age of ten had spent the whole September just crying, mourning or brooding, and some of them still hadn't moved on. A good portion of the older ones were like that, too. It was really depressing, but after all, what is cheerful about a war, if you aren't Ares? I couldn't tell Katie that I hadn't even thought twice about anyone else – well, not in particular – but I thought about one other thing that hadn't crossed my mind before. What if Katie had been one of them, too, and she was only hiding it? Now, I knew she wasn't – it was clear from her reactions; Katie was a lousy liar – but had she been, and had I forced her to go on a quest despite that, I would've never forgiven myself. Somehow, we just happened to end up on the pier of the Canoe lake. When we reached the end, Katie pushed me into the water without any warning. The water wasn't very cold, so when I surfaced, I didn't climb back on the pier immediately. I just put my hair out of my eyes and wiped them clear of water. "What was that for?!" I protested, trying to shake the water out of my ears. "For those secrets, Stoll," Katie answered and walked away, leaving me standing in the lake like a sea gauge – or a lake gauge. And maybe it was just a trick of light – by the lake, the moon was the only thing that provided light – but I could've sworn that I saw Katie smile and wink at me just before she turned away. That's the end of chapter 1. Stay tuned for more!