full son-of-Poseidon awesomeness had returned and strengthened him. The past two weeks he had kept himself as busy as possible by exploring the terrain. Golden beaches encircled the island. He estimated that the island was five miles or so around. He had not yet journeyed into the heart of it, mostly to appease Annabeth's fears of them getting separated, and her not feeling up to going through the thick forest of palm trees, bamboo and other shrubbery. He had built a little hut for them to stay in. So far it was a one-room, with a small bed made from blankets provided in their backpacks packed by Sally Jackson-Blofis. He used bamboo, insulated with large palm leaves. Each day Percy found a way to add to the hut, a mantel here, a table and chair there, anything to keep him preoccupied. Even if they could get off the island, it was too risky with Annabeth being pregnant. She'd get sick and it could take months to reach civilization, especially with no clue where they are. But if they waited after the baby, the infant might not even survive the trip until he was older. Why couldn't Mom have packed over-the-counter abortion to solve our crisis? The thought made his eyes cloud up. Sure, this baby would be a nuisance. There was no certainty that he would survive labor. This baby could kill Annabeth. For that alone Percy hated the child. But, he couldn't think of the baby as an it. Because this wasn't about a young couple with no self-control making fools out of themselves by getting pregnant—they were married, they kept their purity, and they were now responsible for the life of a child. Not an it, this was a child, a son of Percy and Annabeth, a grandson of the gods of Olympus. Son. All Percy could picture was a little boy with golden locks and bright green eyes, with a love for swimming and a desire to absorb knowledge. The perfect combination of both his parents—a son Percy would be proud of. With that vision in his mind, abortion made his stomach churn. If I lose my wife because of this child, I will forever hate him and myself. If he causes her unbearable pain, I will despise him and myself. But I cannot deny him his right to a chance of life. I made a choice, and forever I will have to live with it and myself. "Percy, is everything okay?" Annabeth walked towards him. She was still as beautiful as the girl he met nine years ago, if not more so. Her hair was naturally bleached blond and thick beautiful curls bounced on her shoulders. She wore a tight fitted blue camisole and cargo shorts. A tiny bit of a baby bump was showing, but it was barely noticeable. She had a tan, and her nose and cheeks were pink from sunburn. She had a bit of a glow, as research said pregnancies can cause. But Percy liked to think that his healthy seaweed and coconut salad topped with fire-roasted shrimp had something to do with it. "Percy, why are you staring at me like that?" His attention snapped back to what she was saying. "What? Oh, nothing. I'm fine. You know, you are beautiful." He cursed in the back of his mind. Way to sound cheesy. She laughed, filling the space between them and wrapping her arms around his neck. "Thank you, that made my day. But, Percy, you would tell me if something was bothering you, right? Because right now, all we've got is each other. Well, and Junior. If we can't be honest with each other, we're not gonna last long here." He hated how he could be read so easily. "Annie, you know I have concerns. We aren't ready for this." "You've defeated Titan lords and you're complaining about not being ready for a baby?" She laughed lightly. "I know, it'll be difficult, but the island isn't that bad. We've been here two weeks, we haven't met any dangers besides sunburn and stepping on sharp shells, and the laptop still has battery life and connects to Wi-Fi. Still can't connect to email, but once I do, we might be able to contact people. It could be a lot worse, Percy." "Well, at least one of us is an optimist. But Annabeth, if the laptop is here, then there has to be a reason why! How come neither of us has had a demigod dream? Why have the gods ignored us? How am I supposed to deliver the kid when he comes?" Even with keeping his tone as soft as possible, he had gone too far. Annabeth bit her lip, tears streaming. She buried her face into his chest. "Annie, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to…" "Shut up, Seaweed Brain," she sobbed. "It's nothing to do with you…it's hormones and…and…your mom's cookies were going stale and I finished them and they were my only source of chocolate and I don't know how to last through a pregnancy without…without…" she sobbed some more, Percy rubbing her back gently. What was it with girls and chocolate during hormone-imbalances? Some things men just don't understand. He kissed the top of her head. Even with sharing his concerns, she had no idea of the fears overwhelming him. Don't let her know. She can't handle it in this state. "No more secrets, Percy. No secrets or lies between us, not here," she said with a final sniff. "Of course not, Annabeth, never." But that would be the first lie of many. Author's Note: As you probably figured out, this is a sequel. The first enthralling installment can be read here: s/9648330/1/The-Legacy-s-End All Rights to Rick Riordan for original characters, locations, and plot line references. All Rights to Abby Squared for original plot line and new characters. Abby Squared characters must not be used in any roleplay, fanfiction, or work of fiction without prior permission from the publisher.