her right arm - scaled the side of the building easily, stopping at a balcony. She leaned over, hair moving wildly, and extended her arms. Nyssa ran straight and then pushed off of the garbage bin, arms outstretched. Their hands locked, and Julia pulled her up. It was a matter of trust. The two laughed together before using the balcony railing to get to the flat roof, where they ran and disappeared from sight. He glanced over at Annabeth, who was pale and trying to slow down. "What are you, scared?" he called. She rose to the challenge as he'd expected. "I'm not scared," she protested, hesitating. Her voice faltered towards the end. "This is stupid! Do you know how dangerous this is? We could die!" "Come on," Thalia yelled, laughing a little at Annabeth's speech. "Live a little!" People ran up in pairs or trios or quartets. Everyone knew each other. Their trust and friendship melded them together tightly. The wall approached. Thirty feet. Twenty. Ten. Five. He jumped first, having done this a thousand times during his younger years, before Camp Half-Blood. Before art. Before everything, back when he was thirteen and rebellious. He was the kind of person who didn't listen, who acted and moved and did. He launched himself onto the lid, jumping from the ground to the top of the lid to the side of the balcony, turning his body in the air and catching the bars. He threw his head back, sweat pouring down his neck and hanging there for a second before swinging his feet and fitting them between the thin bars. He climbed over the railing to safety. "Rave!" his companion called. He leaned over, the railing pressing into his stomach and grasped her wrists, pulling her up. She wasn't heavy - not light, but not heavy - and he pulled her up without any trouble. Looking down, he noticed that Annabeth had stopped, looking up uncertainly. The bar was uncomfortable pressing into his stomach, but he kept his arms out, waiting. Another test. They'd been testing her from the moment she'd walked into that room. "Come on, Annabeth," he called gently. "You can do it." She shook her head, gasping for air. "No, I can't," she cried, her voice rising with each word. "Yes, you can," he insisted. "You're brave. You're adventurous... Well, now you are. Maybe you're scared and all of a sudden there's this whole new world, but you can do it. You chose to join us, Annabeth, and now we're choosing you." "No, no, no. This can't- I can't... I don't know!" "Hey," he called, his tone soft. "Do you trust me?" There was a period of silence. He'd asked this question a lot over the years. A lot of people did for some reason. He wasn't sure why, but people had done the same thing and stopped panicking and trusted him. "I... yes," the girl whispered. He could still hear her clear as day from where he was standing. Then she backed up a little and charged the garbage bin, leaping on it. He leaned further, hands twisting before they wrapped around her wrists. He hauled her up, and she gasped, laughing hysterically and taking in air. He waited until they were all ready before they crawled onto the roof together. And the three of them ran. ::: The city was quiet for once. He swung his legs back and forth like a little kid. His heels bounced off of the wall, making soft thuds every time they hit. Thalia sat next to him, staring at the sky. Something creaked. The cousins looked down instinctively at the noise. Across the alley, a light was on and flooding the alley with light. Annabeth stepped out on her own balcony, dressed in a ratty old tee and leggings. They studied each other for a few seconds. "Goodnight," the girl offered. He just lifted a hand in farewell, and she went back inside, the lights turning off. He leaned back on his hands and stared at the blanket of darkness they called the sky. The moon shone brightly, a sliver of silver in the sky. He let out a breath of air. "I like her," he stated. Thalia leaned into him, and he wrapped an arm around her. Her hair felt strange against his neck, but the weight was familiar. He closed his eyes. "Yeah. She's got it," she replied. "She has that something." "Doesn't she." "Hmmm," came the reply. "I'm glad Piper brought her in." He felt her smile. He hummed in content, his thoughts wandering to Jason, who had gone home with Reyna, who was probably in for a very sleepless night. Then his thoughts rolled over to Annabeth, sleeping a building away. "Let's not regret it," he told her, absentmindedly tracing his name on the rough stone under his fingers. ::: The next day, he watched Piper walk past Annabeth, bumping into her. She apologized loudly, helping to gather Annabeth's belongings and in a smooth move, slipping the paper into her binder. The girl left before Annabeth could react, leaving her standing in the school hallway, confused. A smile tugged at the corner of his lips when she noticed the note. Sliding out of his seat, he walked in her direction and walked past her, following Piper down the street. As he passed, he made sure to wink. Percy didn't look back at her at all. He could feel her gaze burning a hole in his back and could almost envision a faint smile playing on her lips. ::: Tonight, 7:00 PM. Keep an eye out. Signed, THE CAMPERS OF CAMP HALF-BLOOD Oh, shut up. I know the ending's shitty. Ugh, couldn't get that last scene right. But I hope you like it maybe? Thanks for reading it, at least. I'd be really grateful if you left a review, or (shameless plug time) go check out my other sixty-some stories. Yayy. Have a good one, achieving elysium