eyes, enjoying the moment. The warmth of her arms. The solidity in it, the strength. Familiarity. The feeling that he belonged here, with her - home. "Let me go," he said quietly, unsure of who he was talking to. His eyes flicked up to meet Grover's, then to Paul's, the sea green of his father meeting the dark brown of his stepfather. "Oh, Percy," Mom whispered. "I just want you to be happy. " Her voice broke a little, and his heart cracked with it. "I'm sorry," he tried, repeating the words. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." A muscle was jumping in Paul's jaw; he didn't seem to understand what Percy was talking about. But Mom finally stepped back, her eyes a little red-rimmed yet a small smile playing on her lips. She understood. Paul sighed, suddenly looking a million years older. "I don't want you making the wrong decision, Percy," he finally said, voice heavy. "And I don't want you to run away either, not from... whatever's making you lock yourself up. Whatever's… scaring you." Percy shuddered violently at the thought. Fifteen. He was fifteen. It only felt like yesterday when he'd been twelve years old, a troubled kid at Yancy's with an awkward best friend and the best Latin teacher he'd ever had. Now he was fifteen, the demigod son of Poseidon with the best friend he could ask for, a centaur for a mentor, alongside other weird things. A blink of an eye and he'd ended up here. "I'm not- I'm not running away." Percy found his voice was hoarse, throat tight. Grover's eyes flashed in his direction, and the gaze was enough for Percy to know that his best friend wasn't about to let this go. He swallowed. "I'm going either way." Grover caught Percy's eyes for what felt like the millionth time, and he jerked his head towards the door. Percy shook his head in a no. The two had long perfected wordless communication ever since they'd become friends in Mrs. Dodd's class and she'd separated them for being too loud. His best friend shifted and flicked his fingers towards the door, and Percy held his hand up as if to say stop. He didn't want Grover to leave, not yet. The other teen relented, his shoulders slumping a little, but he stayed quiet, most likely not wanting to intrude on the "family moment," though it didn't seem much like one. Paul and Mom looked at each other, and his stepdad relented. "To the car, then?" he suggested. "Oh," Mom started, looking worried. "but what about-" Paul put an arm around Mom's shoulder as he and Grover groaned in unison, the latter a bit quieter. "We'll figure it out along the way, Mrs. Jackson," Grover said. Who planned road trips, anyway? They'd just pack some stuff and go for it, though if Annabeth were here, she'd immediately start budgeting and calculating and mapping - no, stuff like that made Percy's head spin. He didn't like order much, or rules, especially when it came to following them. Mom sighed and began bustling around the apartment, searching for things. She'd probably end up stuffing half the car with things they wouldn't need if they weren't careful. The three men were left standing awkwardly, Paul running a hand through his hair again. He looked at Percy and Grover. "You're sure about this?" Percy didn't trust himself to speak, so Grover gave a sharp nod. "We're sure." He sounded sure - much more than Percy was, anyway. Paul nodded slowly, and as he left to join Mom, Percy wondered if Paul understood - if he really understood this life that they had. Constantly looking over shoulders, hands searching for weapons, children training for war. A single choice shall end his days. He knew the answer. It'd be a no - but maybe Paul understood something , some part of him knowing how deep the situation was. How desperate Percy was. He turned away, feeling like his insides were churning like the waves on a bad day. Grover fell into step behind him as they reached Percy's room, powdered glass sparkling on the ground. Percy waved a hand, a familiar tug in his gut as the water disappeared. Olympus to preserve or raze. The last two lines of the prophecy repeated themselves over and over again in his head, even as he crossed the room to pull out his drawers and toss what he wanted to bring onto the bed. Grover dragged a few duffel bags from where they'd been sitting in the corner, each one already packed with basic provisions and a few sets of clothes. A precaution. "It'll be alright," his best friend said, beginning to help Percy get his stuff together. It wouldn't take long, and he wasn't planning on bringing too much either. He found some of Grover's clothes in the bottom drawer and tossed them in the direction of his friend, losing himself in the work. "We'll be okay, the three of us. We always are." The three of us, Grover had said - not two. As if Annabeth, too, was here; he could almost imagine it. She'd sit on the bed and talk excitedly about the monuments they had to visit, and the routes they could take to get there the fastest. They were never really apart, the three of them, not really. The friendship they had held them together, their bond tight like string stretched across miles and miles. He let that sink in for a while. Friendship, one of the good things in the world. The one thing he'd never regret. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. No, now was the time to live , to feel alive - though Percy had the feeling he'd be back to moping within the hour. For now, though... He glanced over and grinned at his best friend, who stopped in his work to look at Percy. "Yeah," he agreed. "We'll be okay."