my blood faster than lightning. Magenta's tug had knocked out feet out from underneath us, so we were on the ground. I scrambled to my feet, my bag bumping around my shoulders awkwardly. "Go! Go go go!" I screamed at Magenta, pulling her too her feet and bolting for it. But something grabbed both our bags, and we squawked like birds as we were abruptly stopped. The gemini laughed cruelly. "Silly girls, you can't outrun me." I slipped my arms through my bag and dropped to the ground. I was so busy freaking out, I hadn't realized he'd lifted us off the floor as well. Magenta followed suit, and we started to run again. However, just as we reached the staircase, the monster lunged-throwing itself forward so it's body landed on the railing, slipping down like a slow, creepy waterfall to the actual stairs. He made a face. "Oh, why do you have to leave? Classes are no fun, stay and have some dinner with me." At the last few words, his mouth opened in a grin and he showed his teeth, widening his eyes in a horrifying copy of Michael Jackson at the end of Thriller. Magenta snorted. "One, it's only 1:20 something. Two, I'd rather listen to my classmates monotone version of "The Crucible" then grab a burger with you!" She called, already bolting down towards the other end of the hallway. The snake man's grin faded and he looked at me in confusion. He jabbed a thumb in her fleeing direction. "Is she always like that?" "Yeah, pretty much!" I called, locking my eyes on my friend's long, dark brown hair as she ran. I sprinted at full-speed...which made for a very painful faceplant when I tripped over my own backpack[Sorry, Magenta's screaming something about betrayal, try to block it out]. The snake man's hand grasped my ankle strongly. I twisted and screamed. He was lowered so his chest was on the ground. I almost found myself envious of the way he could move. I loved swimming for the reason he embodied-free movement. Underwater, I didn't need any point of gravity. I could flip and twirl and spin and lie down and still move. This guy seemed to be able to turn his body any way he wanted. "At least one of you is staying for lunch!" I screamed again, and instinct kicked in. Where the moves came from, I don't know. Maybe my adrenaline, maybe pure luck, maybe I was actually good at hand to hand combat and I just hadn't known it yet. I twisted back onto my belly and pulled my leg that he had grabbed forward, forcing him to lean forward a bit. Then I lashed out with my other leg, nailing him across the face so hard, I saw...well, not blood, but little dust particles shoot from his nostrils and towards the floor. Magenta's hero instincts must have been kicking in as well, because suddenly she was there. She grasped the monster's wrist tightly, and twisted. I winced, the monster's screaming was high pitched and annoying. He released me as his fingers jerked uncontrollably, and Magenta hauled me to my feet. As we ran, I looked at her. "You just broke his wrist!" I shouted. "I saved your life! Now, run, you fool!" Of all the times for a Lord of the Rings reference. She shoved my shoulder and pushed me towards an emergency exit. I lunged for the doors, relief filling through me like bubbly spring water. The spring water turned to boiling hot lava as I pushed and pulled and rattled, but the door didn't budge. Magenta groaned, spinning on her heel and letting out a little yelp. I turned around too and immediately slammed my back against the door. Right in front of us was the snake man. He was clutching his wrist, little dust grains slipping from his nostrils, his eyes narrowed angrily. His hand was twisted at an awkward angle, his fingers pointing in, and I couldn't help but look at Magenta in complete awe. Where in the world did she manage the strength to do that? She couldn't even jump up onto the bleachers in Gym! "What kind of emergency exit is locked?!" Magenta yelled desperately. "Now," the man stated, his voice strained in a hiss again. "you will die!" He lunged for us, but just then the window above our heads shattered. Snake man went down in a beautiful display of shards of glass, too-big hooves, and brown fur. We stared down at him, watching as, starting from his head, his entire body slowly swirled away into dust. Like a wind was blowing them away, they swirled around themselves, then vanished into nothing. The only thing remaining was a small little bowtie. Then the smell of goat fur infiltrated my nostrils, and I looked up to see a dark-skinned, somewhat familiar looking guy, looking down with a frown on his face. From the tops of his head, two small horns poked out in a small little curve. He was wearing a green shirt with a big red X over a tree being cut down. But it was the bottom half that was the most unbelieveable. Instead of pants and shoes, he had fur. All the way down. On the floor rested two hooves. He looked up at us, taking us in slowly. "Are you alright?" He spoke in a deep voice. "No." Magenta offered, crossing her arms, apparently over the shock. "We were nearly eaten by a snake monster dude. We then were just saved by a donkey monster dude. Thanks, bro." The donkey monster dude looked offended. "I'm a satyr. Not a donkey. And you're welcome. I meant physically." I shook my head. "Who-who are you?" He looked me in the eye. His eyes were a startling green-it was more like I was looking at the entrance to a deep forest then into two eyes. He dipped his head. "I'm Simon Greene. Your protector."