more like an epiphany of sorts than anything. I touched the desks and the floor to assure myself that I wasn't hallucinating. They were solid underneath my fingertips. Although the inhabitants of this perfect little world didn't notice me when I touched them, their skin held an amount of warmth that an actual person would have. When I walked outside, the heat from the sun was real. The soft, gentle breeze that blew through my hair was real. The cold dew coating the grass underneath me was very, undoubtedly real. Everywhere I looked, there was laughter and joy. People of all different genders and beliefs and ages and varieties interacted one another without any hostilities, all able to unite under the single banner of enjoying life. Unable to deny the truth anymore, I returned to the classroom. As perfect as this little world was, it seemed incredibly fragile. It seemed that I could crush it with my fist if I tried to do so. And in this tiny world, I saw a flaw that burned itself into my mind. In the center of the classroom, there was a little girl who was alone. § She removed my hand from her chest. "Do you believe in the existence of jars now?" I couldn't deny it. "Yeah. There's no other way to describe what just happened than a wish come true." "The Jar of Hope reflects the hopes of the person looking within it," Annabeth said quietly. "It's a bit like that mirror from Harry Potter." I could imagine Annabeth reading books in her free time. The image of her coiled under a tree with a book instead of running around and playing seemed completely plausible to me. But still, one thing bothered me about that entire image. In a classroom full of friendly people talking to each other… Why was that little girl alone? Why did it seem so fragile? Shaking off those thoughts, I decided to tell her the absolute truth. "I believe that these jars exist. I guess that also means that I believe that we've been looping through this week over and over again. But I have nothing like that within me. That's the honest truth." She scrutinized me with those grey eyes of hers, but this time I didn't feel uncomfortable under her gaze. "Is that why you remember everything?" I asked when she didn't say anything. "Since you have a jar and all." "… yes," she answered after a pause, finally relaxing her gaze. "Due to the fact that I am a jar-user I am able to retain my memories every time we loop." "If you're a jar-user," I said tentatively, "then what did you wish for?" "That information isn't necessary," Annabeth replied tersely. I nodded, understanding her unwillingness to tell me that. "Well then, now that everything is cleared up, is there any way that I could help you?" She looked at me incredulously. "I mean," I squirmed slightly, "I'd bet going through all those loops must be boring as hell. So, if you want—" Something very strange and unexpected happened. Annabeth laughed. Her throat sounded scratchy, as if it was something she hadn't done in a very long time. It was rough and uncontrolled, and she had to sit herself down and arch her back, laughing into the sky. It was the first real burst of emotion I'd seen from her. When she stopped, I saw her wipe a tear from her eye. "Um, Annabeth, what was that?" "Oh, nothing," she grinned, lying down in the middle of the road. "It's just that I've spent three years here and finally something different is happening. You don't know how refreshing it is to hear those words come out of your mouth." "You're right, I don't." She didn't respond, opting to lie there in silence with a mindless grin. Suddenly, she hopped up and grabbed my wrist. "Come with me." I pulled backwards in order to stop her from dragging me around. "Only if you tell me where I'm going." "A few minutes walk away from here is a small gas station, and every time there's an unlocked bike there." Annabeth tugged, and I began to follow her. "We can ride that bike into the town nearby, rest someplace nice since we're not going back to camp for sure. I've done this enough times to know that it'll work." She went from walking to a light jog. Keeping pace with her, I asked, "Why are you bringing me into the town?" "Because you offered your help. Keep in mind that you're still not completely clear of suspicion," she warned, taking a quick glance back at me. "But I'm not so foolish a person to ignore this golden opportunity to try something different. It's the first time that you believed that I was telling the truth." "I'm not sure how much help I can be," I told her. Annabeth didn't relent. "A change is help enough. I'm sure you have a lot of questions—don't worry, because I'll answer every single one that you have." She looked back at me, and I saw something visibly different. Her eyes, which were cold before, now contained a fiery passion that I'd never seen before. "The story is finally moving along." And that's it for today! What a jar is and can do will be explained in further detail in the next chapter. I'm not too sure when that'll be out, but stay posted. If you have any questions or comments, please leave it in a review. I'm trying to grow as a writer, so let me know what you liked about it or thought I could've done better. Any confusion will probably be explained in a later chapter. But anywho, thanks for reading! I hope it wasn't that bad. Here's a list of all the campers: Boys: Percy, Jason, Leo, Nico, Luke, Frank, Will, Beckendorf, Octavian, Travis Girls: Annabeth, Thalia, Piper, Bianca, Zoe, Clarisse, Silena, Katie, Reyna, Hazel —Acerola Orion