much of her time in the mortal world, she knows this means that Percy's flight home is delayed, and the plane won't get here until eight o'clock PM. In New York, it will already be eleven. It takes five and a half hours to get to New York, which would mean he'll arrive at around four in the morning. This isn't a problem - flights are delayed all the time. What is the problem is the fact that today's date is December 25. Christmas day. She thinks it strange that demigods celebrate Christmas, but Sally has explained it is more for a time of family than anything else. Percy's flight is supposed to bring him home to his mother and stepfather, as well as his friends at Camp Half-Blood. He is supposed to be celebrating Christmas - eating blue food and slow dancing with his mother to old Christmas songs and trying to fit as many marshmallows as he can into a mug of hot chocolate. He is supposed to be home, trying on ugly sweaters and exchanging presents and kissing under the mistletoe. "Gods," Percy groans, and she can see - even from this distance - the disappointment in his face. "I'm not going to get home today." In a different section of the airport, a few soldiers lug in duffel bags, stepping out. One stands apart from his friends, searching the crowds. She watches as another boy - younger, definitely in love - runs to him. They collide suddenly, two lovers reunited at last. Percy watches this, too, a slightly bitter expression on his face. At a thought, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a crumple photo, smoothing it out against his knee and smiling sadly at it. An hour passes. She doesn't know why she's still here, at this airport, or why she hasn't moved. Amphitrite just watches Percy, making no move to talk to him or comfort him. Just watching. The thought makes her feel strangely guilty. She will have her family for eternity; Percy will not, eventually. Heroes' stories always end in tragedy, of course. She stands. "Hello, Percy," she calls as she approaches. Already, there are only a few people left. Everyone is somewhere else on Christmas day, spending it playing in the snow or crowded around a dinner table, with bright eyes and smiles. He looks up, surprised. "Amphitrite?" She smiles at him and takes a seat. "That's my name." "Yeah, I know that," he mutters. "but why are you here? Like, I know you're Greek and all, but Christmas is all about family, you know? Just like a lot of other holidays." She squeezes his shoulder. "But you are here alone," she tells him, face full of sympathy. "That is why I am here. So you will not be alone." He seems surprised at this as well, but nods. "I guess," he says slowly. "Thanks for that. Actually means a lot." She shrugs. "You are family to me as well. And besides, I can't do anything about the flight, so I might as well." "Oh," he says quietly, staring out large glass windows at the darkening sky, the outsides painted with snow and frost. "You know," she finally says. "I care for you, Percy. Very much... much more than I should. I am immortal, and one day I will see you die. And that day the seas will weep, and the oceans will mourn you... but I'm glad for it." "It must be hard, huh?" he asked. "Being immortal?" "Sometimes. Do you hate me, Percy?" He turns to look at her, his eyes staring straight into her soul. "No," he whispers. "I don't. You're kind to me, and you've never turned me away or anything. And I like you. You're a pretty chill person. I have these memories of you, too, but I don't know." She laughs at the description, for never in her life has she been considered chill. These memories. He remembers her, then, or at least her presence. "Hey, you know what?" Percy asks suddenly, standing up. "We should go mess around in the airport. There's so many places to explore and water fountains to explode. And I'd get to see if you're as mischievous as some say you are." "Mmm," she says, leaning back. It's not half bad. There's a pause. "For what it's worth," she says, thinking of the crumpled photo and the many faces of the sea. "I'm sorry you couldn't be home today." Percy offers her his hand, eyes twinkling and wearing a crooked grin. He's wearing this grey beanie, and it makes his hair fall in his eyes in the front. He looks happy, actually. Happy even though he isn't home and stuck in an airport with a goddess for company. Happy... because of her. "It's okay," he tells her. "We'll just have an after-Christmas party. And besides.." He trails off. Amphitrite reaches up to take his hand. She likes this - likes how her stepson makes her feel young, like she is free to do anything, here in this little airport. Here, it is just Percy and Amphitrite, who are different, who have seen much and said little, but who are bound together. They walk forwards in no particular direction. "Besides what?" she asks, curious. She puts an arm around him in what feels like a familiar, motherly way. He grins sideways at her. "I might not be home, but it almost feels like it." I wrote over five thousand words. I was originally planning to write one thousand. Oh my gosh, I didn't realize how much I enjoyed writing this, though. Did you like it or hate it? I feel like it could go either way, and maybe Amphitrite is a little too much? They're closer than they should be? But then again, this is over the course of a number of years, from when he was a toddler to twenty years old in the last scene. Thoughts? achieving elysium