kiss on his head of black hair. "You're so cute," he muttered, leaning closer and pressing another kiss on Nico's cheek. His breathing hitched slightly, and Nico turned towards him. They both fell back onto the bed, and Will kissed Nico's cheek again, closer to his lips. "I'm not-" A sharp exhalation. "cute." "But you are, " he whispered, pressing a kiss to Nico's neck and smiling against soft skin. The other boy turned to face him, kissing him full on the lips. "If I'm cute, you're adorable, Solace," Nico mumbled, kissing him again. He sighed in content, wrapping his arms around Nico's smaller frame. "Gods, Nico," he whispered into the darkness. "You know I love you, right?" There. There it was - the honest truth. Great gods above, he fucking loved Nico di Angelo more than he could put in words. There was a beat of silence. He wondered if he'd spoken too soon. A sigh, and then lips against his. "I know," Nico told him, voice cracking. "You shouldn't say things like that, Will. Don't do this to me." Will shook his head, kissing Nico. "Gods be damned, I love you." A kiss. "I love you." Another kiss. "I love you." "Okay," Nico whispered, burying his face in Will's chest. He didn't miss the fact that his shirt was starting to get wet. "Will - just hold me, please." And so he did, though he didn't miss the fact that Nico hadn't said the same back at him. Oh, fuck, was Will's first thought when he blinked the sunlight out of his eyes. His second thought went something like this: Something's wrong. And then his brain caught up with him, and he realized he couldn't move. At all. He was having one of his episodes, where all his muscles and joints and whatever would just lock up, and he couldn't move. Sometimes, he couldn't find the strength or energy to move. He just couldn't make himself get up. Will lay there, curled up in his bunk, staring as the sun hit dust motes floating through the air. It was these moments that terrified him the most. He couldn't move, couldn't speak. He didn't know how long it would last, or what would happen if he just closed his eyes for a few seconds. So helpless. So.. weak. Unable to respond as people fluttered by him, whispering things and holding his hand. He didn't know if his heart would keep beating, or if his lungs would keep breathing in air. He didn't know if these seconds would be his last, unable to do anything but stare as Thanatos stalked closer and closer. The thought weighed down on him heavily, and he struggled to breathe. On his nightstand, the digital clock blinked. It was 5:21 AM, much earlier than his siblings usually got up at. Which meant that if he did die here, no one would know until two hours later, coming to wake him and finding.. Think positive, he told himself. The sunlight drew closer, washing over him and warm. He could almost imagine his father, standing over him and smiling. The rays kissed his face. Then his frozen joints unlocked, and he let out a breath. It was over - for now. And then the pain made his body go rigid, and shudders passed through him. The breath was knocked out of him. A cold sweat popped out all over him, and he shivered. Finally, the episode passed, and he stared at the wooden slats of the bunk bed. Oh, fuck, he thought to himself. It didn't ease the weight pressing down on him, but it did make him feel a little better. He excused himself from the Campfire-Sing-a-long, bolting for his cabin. No one followed, but he could feel worried glances on his back. Will moved towards Cabin One sluggishly, pain shooting through every limb and clouding his mind. The already dark environment darkened even more, and he moved faster. No. The gold-painted cabin was in sight. Even now, it shone brightly, like a beacon of light cutting through a thick haze of fog. He gasped for air, stumbling towards it on stiff legs. No. He was at the porch. Not now. The door made a creaking sound as he entered, gripping the door frame tightly. His knuckles turned white from the pressure. Please. Nico was already sitting on Will's bed, playing with a fistful of flowers. Gods.. His heart almost gave out then. "Nico," he said, reaching out with shaking hands. The black-clad boy stood up, pressing the flowers into his outstretched hands. I don't want to die. "Daffodils, for sunshine and unrequited love. Meadow saffron, because my best days are dying with you. A tea rose, because I'll always remember you." "And the last one?" he whispered, pointing at the red rose. Nico kissed him, making the world sway with dizzying colors. "Because I love you, you idiot," he said, his voice cracking in the middle of it. The stems of the flowers were brittle and rough against the palms of his hands. He clutched them close to him, reaching out with a hand. "Nico," he murmured, catching the boy's jacket with his hand. The Ghost King was already gone, the shadows growing around the spot where he'd been, and the world faded into darkness. /coughs. 5,384 words, damn it. So again, a happy birthday to kitty! Or a sad.. birthday, sorry? I had this grand idea in my head of flowers - but I needed to go deeper - so graves.. and then Edgar Allen Poe. I kept the ending in my head the whole time I was writing this (which, by the way, is pretty much a week and a half). Tell me what you thought of it! I worked really hard on it - and I skipped NaNo work time to write this, so it'd be greatly appreciated. achieving elysuim 4/10/15 EDIT: Er, looking at the reviews and... I'm sorry? Not really.