the hunters table. Sure enough there was someone but, it was the most unlikely person you would ever think of. It was a boy, sitting at the hunters table and he wasn't dead. This was history in the making but, then again being demigods we're already a part of history. I took this opportunity to escape my thoughts. The boy was practically a young Percy except his eyes were a light silver instead of sea green. Hey Blake, Blake meet my friend Leo. Leo this is Blake. "Sup" I said and extended my arm for a handshake. he met me in the middle. Leo, Leo Valdez. "Hi" I'm Blake Nightshade. Wait... Nightshade... sitting at the hunters table... I was beginning to make a connection. I mentally Put that thought aside. "So... How do you know Serena?" I asked wanting to know more about this suspicious fellow. "Well I've known her for along as I've been alive, we were basically family" answered Blake. "Wait are you two... ya know together?" OH NO! answered Serena rather quickly. "I'already have a girlfriend unfortunately, she went to the roman camp" Blake said sadly. "So that means that you need to get to the roman camp and I need people to bring to the roman camp? "ARE YOU SERIOUS YOU COULD TAKE ME TO THE ROMAN CAMP?!" screamed a very happy Blake. That's exactly what I am, saying what are you saying" I'm saying you have to take me with you" "Sure" I forgot that Serena wasn't there she probably went to her table and left us to get to know each-other I thought. "Can I ask you a question?" "Go for it" This was my chance i was going to ask him. "Do you by any chance happen to know Zoe Nightshade? "Of course I do, She's my sister". " Wait...that means that you are a son of the titan atlas". "Indeed I am". Blake said softly. "Well i'm not going to linger to much on the topic i can see you don't want to talk about it" Well lunch is practically over i'm gonna go get a chocolate-chip bar then head off to pack for the trip, you should too. I Ran off toward the dessert bar and grabbed a snack the set off for the clearing where fetus my dragon-Ship-Friend was. I spent the rest of the day packing and preparing the Argo 2 for the trip. I don't remember when but sometime during the night I zoned the sight I woke up to was totally not as good as last time. Actually It wasn't that bad, Chiron was here telling me that it was time for me to Sail to Camp S.P.Q.R. Honestly I liked this particular centaur. He just has that welcoming feeling, ya know? I rushed to my closed and pulled on some cargo shorts with a black T-shirt that had the design of a hammer on it In record speeds."Oh Serena is going to be madddd", I thought as i sped to the Argo 2. I saw two distinct figures loading suitcases into my amazing ship. I instantly noticed that one was Serena and guessed that the other one Was the mysterious Blake. I found out that i was correct when i called out Hey Serena!, Blake!" And was answered with a "Sup" from Blake and a "Hi!" From Serena. I picked up the pace and was now running with blazing speeds. Literally I was on fire. But then again i did have that kind of effect on things. I came to a halt at the clearing where my ship was landed and Helped Serena load the rest of her bags. Since I was helping her we finished fast and that left us time to talk. "So whats the situation between Blake and Cora i asked Serena as i sat down in a nearby chair". Serena came next to me and in one swift move dumped me from the chair and sat in it herself. "Well I've been trying to get them together for like, forever when they finally do get together Cora decided to move to the roman camp". Line Break About three hours after we left We were about two miles from where camp S.P.Q.R was and when i wasn't configuring the altitude and manning the ship, I spent most of my time hanging out with Serena and got to know more about Blake he was a really nice guy although he mentined something about Serena not telling me something important All his Mysterious secrets were shattered. I engaged the throttle and set auto pilot on then went to check on Blake. Below deck I walked passed by Serena's room and There was a conversation going on. Me naturally being nosy I had to find out what was going on Serena's Pov Blake was still arguing about how i had to tell Leo about the 'thing' (Not letting you know what it is yet) " Ill tell him when i'm ready" I still pleaded. "Fine, You are impossible to reason with i'm just letting you know that if he finds it out from some where else his reaction WILL be worse then it would have been if you just told him straight up" Blake added. At that moment Leo entered the room and quickly i turned our previous conversation off. Leo said 'We're getting ready to land guys Its time for you To meet the wonderful thing that they call Rome". I know you all will hate me for this but... CLIFF HANGER! EAT IT Ill continue with Serena's perspective in the next chapter ;) There it is . Tell me if you like it please review you don't even have to follow me I just want you to review Lerena (Leo&Serena) in future chapters This is TheCronicler signing off for now P.S i will update fairly frecrently NOT ALL CHAPTERS WILL BE THIS LONG I JUST MADE IT LONG CUZ THIS IS THE START images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTchdeNKnqhy-66nldSuz5rmJ7VBcnn4HmgrZEjjVH0zhiGafsu