I'm starving. Percy Jackson, 5:23. Hurry up, doll, these nachos aren't going to eat themselves. Percy Jackson, 5:24. … which is a good thing since I'm eating them. They'll be gonne if you don't get here in a few, tho. Percy Jackson, 5:25. Her heart flipped. Annabeth absentmindedly walked out of the gym, hearing the doors shut behind her. You spelled 'gone' wrong. You, 5:30. Her phone buzzed not a second later. Doesn't matter. Gonne, gone, they'll be in my stomach by the time you get here, love. Percy Jackson, 5:30. She made a noise as she read the text. Dyslexia or not, Annabeth was certain Percy had just called her "love." She frowned. The nicknames weren't anything new, but "love" was. With a start, she remembered the look on Percy's face yesterday, and her stomach twisted. Annabeth stopped outside of the front doors, taking a seat on the steps in front of the school. She wasn't sure she was ready to face him yet. He'd acted normally today, but still… Hey, you. Unknown number, 5:35. She almost dropped her phone in shock. She blushed, knowing who it was. Hi, Luke. You, 5:36. Oh, gods. Annabeth put a hand on the railing. Luke was texting her – Luke Castellan! She'd had a crush on him since, well, forever. He'd been a part of her life as much as Percy had – for longer, actually. She'd known him for years, her mom and his dad step-siblings, though the two of them had drifted apart. Annabeth spent quite a bit of time admiring him from a distance. In the rush of events that had happened yesterday, she'd forgotten. Luke had been held back a year due to his poor grades in math – or, that was what the gossip was. Though only a junior, she was in the same class as he was, something she was always proud of herself for. And after years of barely talking, Luke had asked her to tutor him. Of all people, he'd asked her. It was enough to make her scream quietly as she thought about it. Can we study today? Luke, 5:37. Oh, gods. I'm having trouble with the homework Mrs. Dodds assigned us. Luke, 5:37. Annabeth definitely hadn't had any trouble with today's homework. She'd done it partially in class and during lunch before finishing it earlier while waiting for the cheer team to assemble. She was about to tell him yes before she remembered Percy. Oh, gods, she was supposed to meet Percy at Bueno Nacho, like they always did – but this was Luke. Luke, kind and handsome with eyes the same color as the sky. Luke, who she'd once been so close to. Her fingers hovered over the keyboard, and Annabeth closed her eyes for a moment, imagining studying at Luke's house, escaping to the treehouse in his backyard from his mom, pressed together as they poured over a math question. She decided to text Percy, hoping he wouldn't be too mad. Rain check? *puppy eyes* You, 5:40. Almost immediately, Percy texted back. Can't resist those. Why? Percy Jackson, 5:40. Luke asked me over. To study, I mean. You, 5:40. Oh… that's great. Have fun, doll. Percy Jackson, 5:41. Annabeth glowed inside, bouncing up and down in excitement. She leapt up and jogged towards her car, already going over what she was going to wear. How's 6:15? You, 5:43. She pressed send and watched her text appear in the conversation she had with Luke. Half an hour would be enough to shower and get ready. It was a good thing there was no one around to hear her squeal of excitement when Luke replied. "Hey," Dad said as Annabeth flew through the front doors. "You're back. You seem excited." He was standing in the kitchen with a chef's apron on, looking slightly awkward as he stirred something in a pot. It smelled delicious. Usually, Annabeth would help him with dinner – except for cheer practice days, where he was left alone to cook for the most part. "Hi, Dad," she said cheerily, pressing a kiss on his cheek as she made her way through the kitchen to the laundry room on the other side, where she dumped her cheerleading uniform. "I am excited." He smiled at her, leaning against the stove. "Enlighten me, baby girl," he said, grabbing the salt and pouring some into the pot. Spaghetti, it appeared – it was a shame she wasn't eating at home. "Luke just asked me to go study at his house," she gushed in one breath, the thought making her knees turn to jelly. He narrowed his eyes. "Like a date?" She flushed. "Ye- I mean, no, not really – oh, please let me go, Daddy!" She blinked up at him through her eyelashes and pouted, seeing the indecision on his face. He frowned. "Alright," he said finally, his face softening when she leapt into his arms. "You can take care of yourself, Miss Teen Hero. But if he so much looks at you the wrong way, you can tell him about how good my botany is." She shoved him, her face burning. " Dad ," she whined. "No poisoning my crush!" "Okay, okay," Dad said, holding his spoon up in surrender. "But you'll be back before nine." She crossed her arms and nodded before darting past him, flouncing up the stairs. In no time, Annabeth was running out the door, waving a goodbye to Dad and snacking on a granola bar to keep up her energy. Fleetingly, she thought of Percy sitting alone in Bueno Nacho and felt a passing pang of regret. Annabeth stopped outside of Luke's house and checked herself in the rearview mirror of her car, reapplying her lipstick. Her thoughts wandered back to Percy. It's fine, Annabeth reminded herself. After all, it was Luke Castellan. "Hi, Annabeth," Luke said, opening the door and letting her step inside. "You look great." "Thanks," she replied, breathless. "So, uh, math homework?"