Turning back to his father, he started to bow, but was quickly wrapped up in a bone crushing hug from his old man. "You never need bow to us, Perseus. We may not be your birth parents, but you are our son all the same, and we did this to keep you safe in your travels, no matter where you go or what you do." Smiling up at his father, he nodded and then turned towards Hemera and Aether, who were currently standing there in their Roman aspects of Dies and Ether. Hemera walked up to him and embraced him before taking a step back, and holding him by the shoulders, looked him over. "It is wonderful to finally meet you, little brother. I would like for you to become my Champion, and receive my blessing. The majority of your duties are to assist in the policing and elimination of monsters, protecting mortals, and rescuing demigods that are in need. My blessing will empower the abilities that you already have, as well as grant you access to my healing light ability and the ability to fire arrows made entirely of light from your bow. Will you accept, Perseus Achilles Andreíos, and become my Champion?" Nodding his acceptance, He quickly went to one knee in front of her. "I, Perseus Achilles Andreíos, accept the duties and responsibilities as the Champion of Hemera, Primordial Goddess of the Day." He then bowed his head and braced himself as she laid her hands on his shoulders and gave him a small portion of her power as a blessing, biting his lip to keep from crying out as the power swept through his very veins, empowering him. Slowly the demigod got to his feet, and swayed slightly from side to side for a moment as he regained his bearings. Once he was stable again, he opened his eyes and smiled at everyone, before turning to his uncle and waiting for his approach. Aether smiled at his younger brother, and moved forward to greet him by clapping his hands on Percy's shoulders. "I have two gifts for you, my brother. The first is my blessing, which will do much the same as Hemera's blessing, and it will give you the ability to send messages in the wind. The second is an animal to be your constant companion, however, it is up to you to decide what animal you would have as a companion, and you will have the ability to speak through your thoughts to your companion." Thinking it over for a moment, Perseus smiled softly and murmured something just out of hearing. Looking up at his uncle, he spoke once more, clearly. "I would appreciate it greatly if I could have a Caucasian Eagle as a companion, Uncle." Nodding his head, Aether snapped his fingers and a brilliant flash of light lit up the room. After his vision cleared up he looked around before his attention was drawn to a rather large gold and white feathered eagle perched on his older brother's shoulder. With a look of awe on his face, he estimated the size of the aerial predator. Six feet from wingtip to wingtip, about two feet in height from beak to tail feathers, and with the bright golden eyes that shone with intelligence looking him in the eye and sizing him up in turn, Percy knew that he'd chosen well. Holding out his arm in front of him, parallel to the ground, the young man waited patiently for its decision. A minute or two later the eagle had made its decision and with a brief flap of it wings, made the move to his arm. From there Percy shifted his arm so that the bird of prey could shift up to his shoulder and then turned so that they were both facing his older brother once more. "We're ready brother whenever you are." Chuckling aloud, Aether laid one of his hands on the bird and the other on Perseus' opposite shoulder. Once more there was another, slightly lesser, bright flash of light that momentarily blinded him. Again he blinked his eyes and waited to be able to see, and as he shook his head he heard a feminine voice in his head. 'Greetings young Master Perseus, my name is Thýella.' Without missing a beat, Percy chuckled mentally. 'Greetings to you as well Thýella, but please, call me Percy or Perseus, as I am not your master but your companion. I wouldn't feel right having you refer to me in such a manner.' Getting a light and airy feminine chuckle in response as his sight finally returned, Percy bowed his head to his older brother out of respect. "Thank you, brother for your gifts. I am greatly blessed to have such a wonderful family and home. I am certain that my training begins in earnest now, am I right?" Eerie grins were his response and he just gulped as he realized that things would never be the same from here on out. They would be better. A/N: This was just the beginning of what I have in mind, and if you can't see the hints of Assassin's Creed, go back and look at his weapons and the way his unarmored outfit are described and you will see. I am not going to do a full blown crossover between the two, but more just borrowing things that I think would fit in here and there. I will warn you that there will be quite a few time skips, at least in this first book, as there is quite a bit of time in between now, when I have Percy born, in the 1800's, and when the main story of the Olympians in the books picks up, in the 21 st century. I will also tell you that once he is revealed to Olympus, that he will be a part of the Roman camp and not the Greek, and I already have pairings in mind. CIAO!