and could feel himself get thrown around as the bear thrashed back and forth. It let go as it was about to go for a killing blow to Percy's neck. As the teeth came closer and closer to his adams apple he shot his back up gun straight into the back of its throat and its entire mass crashed down on him, crushing the demigod under its immense weight. It took Percy half an hour to crawl from under the beast back to the part of the forest his came from. He had recovered his gun from halfway up the hill and he could hear the sound of music coming from a car. He grabbed on to one of the many pine trees that surrounded him and began to run limply to the road. As the sound grew louder the song became clearer and Percy smirked knowing who was going to be waiting at his car. Exiting the forest Percy's nasals were filled with the smell of elderberry and campfire. "Lady Artemis, what can I do for you." Percy spoke out with a smirk stretching his face. "Based off of your condition Perseus I would seem to believe that it is you requiring assistance." Artemis replied sarcastically. "You seemed to have trouble with the Yawkwawiak." "That would explain its immense size and power. Did you forget to mention that? Or did you choose not to." Percy asked with a devilish smile. "Well that would be for me to know wouldn't it. You're Olympus Banking account has your payment. Its been there from when you sacrificed the beast to me." "Perfect, anything else you require?" Percy asked with hope. Artemis sighed and shrugged her shoulders. "Nobody is wanting us to go out on hunts and haven't been requesting assistance. Go back to your home, if someone needed you they would have called. Anything you need from me?" Artemis answered whilst finishing with a question and her reply was a shrug from Perseus. Percy shook her hand and with it Artemis took her disappearance, back to her chariot that was flying in the night sky. Guiding the heavenly white moon through the darkness of twilight. * 10 Months Later* Percy's Point of View Location: Olympus Throne Room. "To Percy's 18th!" Poseidon's proud booming voice echoed around the halls. "To Percy's 18th!" Everyone roared in cheers as Percy stood there awkwardly. People kept coming up to him asking how he had been, and after a few minutes left to go to over people. He was happy to see some of the roman demigods there, and some of his older friends from the greek camp. He ran into Annabeth and Mark who were dancing happily to the sound of the music. He held a champagne glass that was given to him yet again by his dad and he continued to stand there unsure what to do. He was out of his element, he preferred to be out in his truck hunting monsters and eating bad roadside food, not in a throne room for a birthday ball that he didn't want in the first place. All he wanted to do was visit his Mum and Paul to eat some cake. As his mind continued to wander onto other topics a familiar voice broke him out of his stupor. "I see your father has given you champagne again, what did I tell you about drinking Percy?" "Well good evening to you to Artemis. I didn't plan on drinking anyway." Percy replied without needing to turn to the source. "Well personally despite what I said two years ago today, it is indeed your birthday so you should celebrate and enjoy yourself." Artemis replied as she took a drink from her own glass. Percy smiled and decided to take a drink as well, unsure as to what to say on the flavour of the champagne he decided to ask Artemis a question. "So how are the hunters doing since I won your little hunting test." Artemis let off a small laugh and a smile graced her face. "They were annoyed, really really annoyed. But since then they have bettered themselves, been training day in and day out. They have made some impressive improvements in a short period of time." Before Percy could reply and offer another challenge Aphrodite stumbled past them completely drunk. "Oh heyyyy guys, * hic * have you tried this wine, * hic * its, its amazing. Its * hic * a really really good wine try it." Before either of them could refuse a glass had ended up in each of their hands. "Come on * hic * guys, i'm not leaving till you get in the party mood, and * hic * you're not in the party mood until you've had this." Aphrodite spoke out quickly, unable to control the onslaught of alcohol induced hiccups. Percy turned to Artemis who looked like she was wanting to murder the goddess of love with her bare hands. She looked unsure as to whether or not to drink it but decided she may as well. "Happy birthday Percy." Artemis said with a small smile, clinked her glass against his and together they drink. In thirteen hours time they would wake up together, regretting the events of the night before, doing everything they could to cover it up and hoping that no one could guess anything had happened. Because the de facto maiden goddess had drunkenly slept with a man. Authors Note And that is the first chapter, just a warning but this is the story that I have put immense focus on wanting to get every element right, so to make the future pairing of Pertemis work the next few chapters are character development but are entirely important to making the story work and flow correctly. Please leave a follow, a favourite, and review your thoughts on the chapter, tell me what you like, tell me what you dislike, etc. Until then stay awesome folks. ~AdmetoUltor14