abandoned ship and were ordering from Percy's cash, so it didn't really matter either way. Will looked behind him before turning back to the menu. "A lemonade," He said after much length. Nico let out a frustrated breath, telling himself that smashing his best friend's boyfriend's brains in would not be a good move and that Will was a just being difficult. Grudgingly he turned away from the cash and began putting together the lemonade that Will had ordered. As he was putting the lid on the drink Percy sidled up to him with a mischievous grin on his face. Nico scowled. "Not a word." He said, but Percy's grin grew, sea green eyes twinkling. There had been a time where this close proximity with Percy would've sent his heart into a panic and had his palms sweaty. Nico's crush on Percy was over and done with, but Percy inadvertently had been the one to help Nico realise his sexuality, with the help and support of Jason and Reyna of course. "Who's the cute blond? Someone you know?" Percy wiggled his brow suggestively and Nico's scowl darkened further. "Jason's boyfriend." He snapped out and was immediately felt guilty of the small surge of pleasure he felt at Percy's defeated expression. "Shit," Percy said, eyes drifting to Will. "That's too bad man, but hey," Percy gave an affectionate slap to Nico's shoulder. "There's plenty more fish in the sea." Nico rolled his eyes, "Go serve table six already, they're waiting for their tea." "Yes sir!" Percy gave Nico a mock salute before he wandered away with tray in hand. Nico sighed and set the lemonade down in front of Will who accepted it warmly. "Thanks Nico!" Will said, before he began to slurp noisily at his drink. Nico grunted and turned his attention back to the cash, the line had dissipated and there were only a few tables of people who had decided they wanted to order in instead of taking a drink on the go. Percy was already hovering at tables, taking any extra orders and distributing drinks. He wasn't needed there. Nico turned his stare back to Will. "You know this is a coffee shop right?" He asked. Will nodded enthusiastically. "Yep, but I like lemonade and hot chocolate over coffee." He made a face. "Coffee gives me too much energy. Something I already have enough of." Nico nodded sagely, his fingers drumming against the counter. "That you do," He grunted, then a thought struck him. "Jason isn't working today," Nico said, watching Will carefully. "I know," Will said nodding; he stirred his straw around in his lemonade, poking at the ice cubes floating in the drink. "You know," Nico repeated. "Let me ask again, what are you doing here?" Will didn't look up from his lemonade. "I already told you; do I need a reason to visit a friend?" "Yes." Nico said. Will pouted, and Nico had to struggle to keep his gaze on Will's eyes and not his lips. He's dating your best friend. He's dating your best friend. "We never got to finish our game." Will said suddenly. "What?" Nico asked, wondering if he had heard Will wrong. "Our game," Will said. "You only answered one question; it's called twenty questions for a reason." Nico let out a carefully controlled breath. "Twenty questions my ass," He grumbled. "Look, I'm on the job right now, why don't you go play your stupid question game with Percy or something?" "I'm on the job," Percy said as he passed them. He smiled and raised a hand at Will. "Percy," He said. "You must be Will." Will grinned. "Yep, that's me." Percy grinned as he started putting together fresh pots of tea. "Jason's been hiding you from us," He said, and then dropped a wink in Will's direction. "Probably 'cause he was worried that Nico here would scare you off." Will laughed, and Nico scowl deepened. Did everything Will do have to be so... so… Nico frowned as he was unable to find the word he was looking for to describe Will. "If Nico's the worst I think there won't be any problem." Will said. "Reyna." Nico said, and Percy nodded in agreement. Will looked confused. "Reyna?" He asked. "Who's Reyna?" Percy pursed his lips as he set the tea trays on his main one. "Jason's ex-girlfriend from high school." "Oh," Will looked down at his lemonade. Percy looked sympathetic as he passed them again. He patted Will's shoulder. "Don't worry, they didn't work out well, and anyways, Reyna isn't interested in Jason like that." As Percy left Will looked up at Nico with a curious expression. "Reyna," Will started. "Is she..." "She's taken," Nico stated. "Has a girlfriend that goes by Rachel." Will bit his lip, and Nico got the impression he was trying to hide his relief. A moment of silence passed between them before Will perked back up. "It's your turn to ask a question." He said. "I thought I told you I wasn't going to play this stupid game with you." Nico growled, his nerves were fraying at the ends and his patience was growing dangerously thin. Will seemed completely oblivious to this fact and continued to smile. Will leaned forward, reaching over he poked Nico between his brows before Nico could pull away. "If you keep scowling like that you're going to get wrinkles." Will advised. Nico stepped back from the counter, his hand rubbing at the offended spot. His scowl deepened. "Don't. Touch. Me." He ground out, eyes flaring dangerously. Will baby blues widened slightly as he seemed to register that he might have over stepped a line. He immediately smiled, but glanced towards the counter as new customers poured in. "I'll see you around Nico," Will said, moving away as well. "And I'll definitely get my twenty questions from you." With that Will turned and left, a spring in his step and the straw of his lemonade between his lips. Nico grumbled. "Idiot."