nice to meet you." She nodded in recognition and let go of Percy's hand to place it back in her lap. She looked away, her face slightly flustered. She inhaled and exhaled deeply. At that moment, Percy could tell that's all she was going to say. She's a little shy , he realized. He took the silence as an opportunity to start up a conversation. "So, want to tell me your secret?" Her eyes widened as her brows rose towards her hairline. "I'm sorry?" "Your heels." He pointed at her black four inch high heels. "How'd you run in them so fast?" "Ah," She breathed, laughing to herself when she apprehended just exactly what he meant. "Lots and lots of practice." "It was pretty impressive," He acknowledged. "I know I probably would've fell ages ago at the pace you were going." She looked amused as she frowned. "Why would you be running in heels in the first place?" Percy blushed in the slightest but played it cool. "Ah, you caught me. Hi, I'm Percy Jackson, slacker by day, drag queen by night." That emitted a dorky laugh from the woman. "What's your drag name? I have to look you up one of these days." "I'm new to the business. I haven't got a name yet." "What about Jazzy Jackie?" "That sounds like the title to my autobiography." Annabeth laughed. The sound warmed Percy's chest. He chuckled to himself and averted his gaze to the ground to avoid her seeing his blush. He liked that it was easy to talk to her and joke around. There weren't many strangers you could do that with. After a few moments of silence, he gave in. "What are you doing out so late anyways? It's pretty dangerous being out on these streets with it being way past midnight." "I'm old enough to be out alone late at night if I want." He forced a laugh out of his throat. "And how old is that? Seventeen ?" He questioned, sarcasm dripping from his words. "No, twenty one ." She corrected. "And what about you? Aren't you like fifteen? Shouldn't you be worrying about the time of the day?" Her gray eyes squinted into a daring look that made Percy's blood run cold. He cursed at the gods for making him meet such an amazing person who he couldn't have. But then an idea struck him. Why not just do what any other guy would do? Snorting, he lied right through his teeth. "For your information, I'm nineteen ." I'm sure I can pass as a nineteen year old , he meekly thought to himself, hoping she'd believe him. She looked surprised. "Wow, really? I thought you were younger." "I thought the same. You look so young. " He admitted. The sanguine that painted her cheeks darkened. "I don't look that young. I found my first gray hair the other day." "Still. You look young." He pressed. She looked cute when she blushed. Annabeth grinned sheepishly. "Thanks. You do too." Throughout the rest of the bus ride, they continued to talk. Whether it be about Annabeth's job as an architect or Percy's impressive knowledge on all things concerning food and blue food coloring, the two clearly just loved to engage in a conversation with one another. So when Annabeth's stop came, they were both disappointed to see the other go. "Well, this is my stop." She said monotonously. She grabbed her purse and slung it over her shoulder. She took her time to get up, as if she were delaying her leave. Or waiting for something to happen. Or both. Percy spoke up when she neared the doors. "Hey, can I have our number?" She looked relieved to have a reason to come back to him. "Sure." They quickly exchanged numbers, scrambling to enter each digit for the bus driver was rushing them. Annabeth moved to leave again but not before she looked over her shoulder at Percy. "See you later... Jazzy Jackie." She winked. And then she was gone. ... Percy arrived at home a quarter past three. His house was dark and quiet, the only noises being the creaking of the old house, the panting of Mrs. O'Leary as she greeted Percy at the door and his mom's soft snores as she slept on the couch. His heart warmed at the sight. She must've fallen asleep waiting for me , he thought to himself. Shooing Mrs. O'Leary away, he paved his way to the laundry room to grab a warm blanket to cover his mother with. Reaching to turn on the light, he nearly screamed. When light spread around the small room, a tired little boy laid in a laundry basket with a blanket in his tight little fist. When Percy recognized it was Tyson, he chuckled. Tyson tried to get a blanket for his mother as well but fell asleep while doing so. Placing the folded blanket in Tyson's lap, Percy reached down to pick him up. He laid his younger brother on his mother, trying his best not to wake either of them up, then proceeded to cover them with the same blanket. Sighing with exhaustion, he kissed them both on their foreheads and whispered a 'goodnight' before heading to his room. He collapsed on his bed the moment he got inside, not even bothering to change into something more comfortable. And with that, Percy fell asleep with a smile on his face and the thought of the mysterious pretty blonde girl who he met on the ratty old blue bus. / Y'all, this is a long chapter. I hoped you guys liked it though. I worked real hard on it. If you're coming from my old fanfic on ThatMusicalAuthor, welcome to the new and improved version of the story. The new and improved version of me. The next chapter is coming very very soon so get ready for that. Thanks for reading. Peace. Disclaimer: All rights go to their respective owners.