his gaze. A few ferns and shrubs rustled in the wind, but other than that the only signs of life were themselves. He didn't answer and Nico grew worried. "Will?" Nico reached out a hand to touch his arm. His skin was burning hot. "What's wrong?" Will jumped slightly, and finally turned back to Nico. His eyes were wide and frightened, but he shook his head. "I thought I saw something. We shouldn't be out here," he stammered. "We need to get back." "Why? What is it?" Nico demanded. "They keep the forest stalked with monsters. C'mon, let's just go. We're almost out anyways." Nico sighed. "That's the last time I take you for a walk, Solace," he muttered, hurrying after Will. He'd nearly caught up with him when a soft crack made him pause. He turned to look back into the forest, but couldn't see anything amidst the trees. He frowned. Whatever he had heard, it had sounded close. "What is it?" Will asked. "I thought I heard…" Nico shook his head. "Nevermind." He took a few more steps forward, and then on a whim, he decided to look up. Nico had a fraction of a second to catch the glow of luminous eyes looking down, however they weren't focused on him. Without a second thought he shoved Will sideways with all his strength. He wasn't a moment early, and before he could reach for his sword something heavy slammed into his back. He landed on his stomach, his breath punched from his lungs with a sharp whoosh. A ripping pain sunk into his side, a low snarl rumbled in his ear. Unable to draw his sword, Nico lashed out wildly with his fist. It connected with thick, barbed skin. Off to the side he heard Will shouting. His voice was enough to briefly distract the creature, allowing Nico to twist onto his back, bring his feet up and kick, sending the thing sprawling. It turned on him again, almost instantly, but he had time to recognize it as a hydra. It's hindquarters tensed, and he rolled sideways on the cold ground, rocks scraping his hands as he desperately tried to avoid it. He rocked to his feet, drawing his sword. He swung at the monster, but his blade deflected off of it's scales. Stumbling backwards, heart pounding in his chest, his foot caught on something and he felt himself fall backwards... then his vision was filled with stars and a splitting pain in his skull. The hydra dove after him. The only thing keeping it from sinking it's teeth into Nico's throat was his arm thrown across the creature's chest. Despite it being relatively small for it's size, Nico was nowhere near strong enough to throw it off. He caught a flash of the pink insides of its foaming mouth. He tasted blood in his own mouth- but then the weight lifted. He lay there shaking and panting in the dirt, trying to gasp in air as the pain in his side intensified. The hydra was gone and Will was- Will! Nico sprung up and realized what had happened. In his desperation, Will had tackled the beast. But Will was not a fighter, at least not in the combative sense of the word, and he was now pinned under it as Nico had been seconds before. Regaining his senses, it took only a second for Nico to lunge at the beast, swinging his sword at it's body. The hydra exploded into gold dust, which rained down around the son of Apollo. He spluttered and coughed, wiping it from his face. He looked shaken, but otherwise unharmed. "Are you okay?" Nico panted, clutching his side. The puncture marks from the hydra's claws burned like fire, his head swimming sickeningly. He reached out a hand to Will, trying to help him up. Will gripped it, but when Nico went to pull him up he found himself in the dirt next to Will. "Nico!?" Will shouted. Nico felt hands on top of his own, clutching at his side. "Nico, you're bleeding." Nico saw him reach to draw his hands away from his side, but Nico snarled and shoved him away. "Don't touch me! It's fine, I'm fine," he repeated automatically. "It's just a scratch, it's-" Another splash of pain lanced through him and he yelped before he could stop himself. "It's not fine. Let me see." Will's voice spiked sickeningly through his skull. It made him want to cover his ears. Nico tried it and it didn't help. Nothing made sense. Why was he even in the forest at all? He couldn't remember, he needed to go back, he needed to escape before Gaia caught him… "It's poisoned. You need to stay still." He barely registered Will's voice over the pounding rush of blood in his ears. He grit his teeth against another shot of pain, but it abated quickly. He looked down to see Will's hand on his side. He couldn't remember ever releasing his own. The son of Apollo was saying something, his mouth was moving urgently, but Nico couldn't understand. Mostly, he saw blue eyes, large and concerned. Why was he concerned? He could no longer remember... He was staring up at the canopies of leaves. He felt weightless, warmth flooded through him, warming him to his core. The sensation reminded him of being in the infirmary… He watched his breath mist in front of his face in fascination. Beyond the branches, the dark navy blue of the sky merged with the first orange streaks of sunrise. It was beautiful and surreal, and seemed to fill his vision. Everything shattered into the night. To Be Continued... THANK YOU so much if you took the time to read this! Okay, so I know hydras aren't technically considered poisonous (I think, I'm not an expert on Greek monsters) but I wanted to use one. Thank you for reading, and please leave a review after the beep! ... ... *beep* :)