stare that he only dared him too. Percy just laughed. He wasn't laughing ten minutes and three races later when they finally ended their brief competition. Instead, he turned incredulous eyes to Nico once more, faintly shaking his head. Nico, naturally, had deliberately picked up his hand-held gamer, slumped back into his seat and fallen back into Chaos in the Underworld. Will didn't miss the faintly smug expression on his face, however. Slowly, Percy turned his attention to Will. "What have you created?" "You'd be surprised how often I've been asked that question over the past few weeks." "Seriously, dude, what the hell?" He turned back to Nico, the shaking of his head becoming more prominent as a grin renewed itself upon his face. "How does someone even learn that quickly?" "He does spend a lot of time on the computer, and the TV, and online these days." Will idly flicked at his own game and booted it back into wakefulness as he spoke. "It's more of a struggle to pull him away from them, actually. He finished the main story of Halo – the version that Alex has, I'm not sure what it was; Combat Evolved I think it was? – in not even half a day." "Don't talk about me like I'm not here, Will," Nico repeated once more in his distracted tone. It was hardly even a reprimand. "So what, practice and persistence?" Percy gave a sharp shake of his head. "You should start up a motivational speaking blog for gamers, although… well, they probably wouldn't need it. But you mustn't sleep at all!" "Sleep is for the weak. There's more important stuff to do." "You're not sleeping?" Will glanced up at Nico with a frown, lowering the device in his hands. He knew Nico didn't sleep well, that he often actively avoided sleep at times for reasons he had yet to fully explain but that Will could deduce for himself. But to not sleep at all? "Will, settle down. Your Quack is leaking out again." Nico didn't even look up from his screen. Struggling to smooth his frown – they'd talk about that later, regardless of what Nico would say about him being an overprotective nag – Will glanced back towards Percy. "You know he's basically commandeered my laptop." "Sucks to be you, bro." "Tell me about it. I actually thought some satyr had nicked it for the first three days it was missing." Percy chuckled, rising to his feet. "You really have created a monster." Will glanced back towards Nico and couldn't withhold a smile at the expression of blank fixation on his face as he clicked and swiped his fingers compulsively. "Don't I know it. He's just your regular old competitive little Goth Boy boyfriend." "Don't call me Goth Boy, Will, or I'll –" "Glare at me, I know." Will finished. He smirked as Nico, predictably, flashed him a hooded glance. "You're too good to him," Percy said, rounding the couch and swiping a companionable ruffle of Nico's hair as he past. Nico batted him away with a scowl. "Letting him steal your laptop and beat you in games? He's walking all over you, Will." Will shrugged, readjusting himself so he was lying extended along the couch once more and dropping his head onto the edge of Nico's lap. It was a testament to the fact that they were progressing in their relationship, if slowly, that Nico didn't shrug him off of him while Percy was still in attendance. "Yeah, maybe. But if being mowed down in an RPG shoot off means he doesn't do it in real life, then that's fine with me." "You say that like it's actually happened before," Nico muttered. "Hasn't it?" "When have I ever mowed you down in real life?" "Try last week after we fought that weird-arse zombie with the purple hair and then you challenged me. What do you call that, exactly?" "I call that me coaching you into using a sword as a proper weapon rather than that handful of sticks that you throw at people." "You mean a bow and arrows?" Percy asked, raising an eyebrow. "Of course." Percy laughed as he turned and made his way towards the cabin door. As he slipped his coat back onto his shoulders, Will caught his eye and the distinct mouthing of "whipped" that preceded his departure through the door. Will didn't dispute the suggestion, calling only a casual "Later" to Percy's farewell as the door to the cabin clicked shut. He didn't dispute because he considered it more than a little bit true. Yeah, he probably was a bit whipped. And it was probably a bit pathetic too, maybe a little embarrassing, and he should probably tone it down. But then he would think about the hours that he and Nico were practically joined at the hip, or that in Capture the Flag or combat training Nico would always have his back regardless of the fact that he claimed time and time again that he intended to leave him to face his opponents head on so he could 'get some proper practice'. He would remember that out of the vast number of potential companions that offered themselves Nico would only ever partied with Will in multiplayer games, and that Will was the only one spared the full weight of Nico's seething wrath when he'd beat him in his early days of learning a new game. And he would remember that no one else on earth, Olympus or the Underworld was able to get close enough to Nico to kiss without being kicked into Tartarus. And no one else was kissed back. Will smiled at his screen, at the little helmeted avatar that was his boyfriend as he gunned down another potential assailant. He liked to think that maybe, just slightly, Nico might be a bit whipped too. A/N: Please leave a review to let me know what you think! I love to hear from you :D