the gates were opened as 3 more gladiators entered the arena, courtesy of Glaber. The crowd seeing that this fight was going to be a four on one, started booing. Throwing all kinds of food towards them. The young man watched as all four of them stood around him, one waving his sword, the other a trident, the other a net, and the last one a net. All eyes turned to the senator as he nodded and the command was given to begin. All four attacked the young man at once, his instincts kicked in as he dodged and weaved in and out of all their attacks. The net was thrown at him only for him to move out of the way of, and pick up and thrown over another gladiator. The one with the trident came at him, the young man blocked the trident and kick him back and pick the trident up for himself to use. The trident glowed a bright green once again, but again no one noticed, not even the young man himself. Soon the numbers game became too much for him, as he was thrown onto the ground, one of them slashed his back as blood dripped from it onto the sands under his foot. He didn't even have time to scream as an axe was being brought down on his head and he barely had time to dodge it. He got on his knees and watched as the gladiator walked towards him like a predator with a sword and shield in both hands. There right on the shield was a bright red serpent. What his mother had told him had come true, he would be bowing before a great red serpent. He unleashed his anger, the ground beneath them rumbled. He remembered his mother's words. "Kill them all." He would do exactly that. The gladiator in front of him raised his sword, and brought it down. He got up from his knees really quickly, "Ahhhhh!" He yelled as he stabbed his sword through the gladiator's chest and out his back. The crowd cheered as Glaber looked on in shock. The other three seeing one of their own fall attacked him head on, but that didn't stop the young man. He slashed through one of the gladiator's stomach, and used the trident he had picked up earlier to pierce the gladiator's neck. The crowd went crazy as they saw another gladiator dead, and his head flying off his neck. The other two came at him, hacking away at with their spears. He caught both the spear tips with the trident's prongs and brought his sword down in an arc, cutting both gladiator's arm's off. One used his good hand to pick up an axe off the ground and brought it down on the young man, only for the young man to grab the other gladiator and use it has a human shield. The axe broke through the gladiator's spine and he fell to the ground dead. The young man threw the dead body off of him and rolled down onto the ground and slashed, cutting both the legs off the remaining gladiator. The crowd cheered him on like crazy, Batiatus looked on in interest as Glaber brought his head down at being humiliated by the young man once again. "Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!" The crowded cheered as they watched the legless man start crawling away from the young man. The young man turned around with his sword and trident still in his hand and brought the trident down, killing the man. The young man looked around the arena, the people in the crowd were on their feet clapping and screaming for him. The young man turned towards Glaber and stared right into his eyes. An act of defiance at the fate he was given. Glaber turned towards the senator, "We cannot let that man go free, he has caused Rome much grievance!" The senator shook his head, "To deny the crowd would cause an uprising." He said after hearing the crowd yell let him live. Batiatus intervened, "Legatus if it is fine with you, I would like to offer something much different. This young man has shown much promise in the arena, if I were to purchase him, he would be trained at my ludus." The senator nodded his head, and turned to Glaber, "We will be merciless. By letting him live you will gain the favor you so need. He will be purchased and trained as a gladiator from tomorrow on." The senator stood, "What name does the man carry?" Glaber shook his head, "I never cared to ask." Batiatus spoke, "The way he fights, it's like he fights like the great hero of old." He stopped for a few seconds before speaking again, "Perseus, he was called." The senator nodded with a smile and raised his arms, the crowded quieted down, "People of Capua! This man!" He pointed towards the young man, "This Perseus, has proven himself to be in the arena. For this, Glaber and I have decided to grant this man…" He raised his thumb upwards, "Life!" The crowded cheered like never before, as the now named Perseus was free to live. "Perseus!" "Perseus!" "Perseus!" The name was echoed throughout the entire arena as Perseus looked towards them, blood of the gladiators dripping from his face and body. Perseus turned his attention to Glaber and a promise was made. "Your death will be by hand Glaber, I promise you that." A/N- Thank you for reading, this story will be an epic one. It will be a long one with long chapters. I'll try to update once a week. Please do review and tell me what I could have done differently and I am looking forward to reading your opinions about this new story. Perseus is a gladiator and will fight his way to freedom, the pairing is undecided yet but feel free to review and tell me a name. Thank you.