in the station, but I didn't see someone who looked like they could be from a school. "Scuse me." Someone tapped me on the shoulder. I spun around. It was just a boy-around my age, and he was slap-in-the-face handsome, with blond hair, big green eyes, and was seriously buff. "What?" I asked, which might have been rude, but my mind tends to stop functioning around cute guys. "Who are you?" "Sorry, but are you a daughter of Tyche?" He asked, like it was something totally normal that he asked people every day. "Yeah." I said automatically. I know; stupid. But I'm not a very good liar. Especially when faced with guys, as I already mentioned. "Oh, cool. The lucky one's taste the best." He stepped back, and his whole body began to change. His skin rippled and turned pale blue, and his hair retreated into his skull. His handsome face became ugly and lumpy, and his clothes turned into a ragged dirty loincloth and rope belt with a sword stuck in it. He got taller and stronger-looking, until he was nearly nine feet tall. The other people in the train station didn't even notice. Well, they noticed when I screamed and kicked him in the shins. The huge ugly blue giant in a dirty loincloth was suddenly holding a club. It was as long as my arm and three times as thick, and there was nails sticking out of it. Now people were looking, and I actually heard someone yell, "He's got a gun!" A gun? I thought, but there wasn't time to figure it out, because the great blue giant had just brought the club down where I had been standing a second before. I stumbled back and shoved through crowds of people. One of the trains was pulling away, and security alarms were blaring. And the giant was following me. He tried to hit me with the club again, but I dropped to the floor and it flew over my head. There was a sound like cannonfire as he sneezed, and a freezing cold wind came out of his mouth. It froze a stack of luggage near me in a block of solid ice. "Cover your mouth when you sneeze, man." I muttered. The other people in the station were screaming and running around, and were almost all out of the exits. Now both trains on either side of the platform I was on were gone, and there was nothing between me and the monster. I had to fight it, but I had no weapon. The only thing I had was…. I reached into my hoodie pocket and pulled out my coin. It was glowing and hot, so I couldn't hold it. It clinked against the floor and rolled off the edge of the platform onto the tracks. "Hold still so I can kill you, daughter of Tyche!" The giant bellowed, the club missing my head by an inch and pulverizing the tiles of the platform. I scrambled forward and jumped onto the tracks, searching desperately for my coin. The giant stood on the platform, laughing and roaring. It swung its club, the way someone would swing a broom to hit a mouse. I dodged it and tripped over the rails, landing hard on the metal. My hands and knees burned as I tried to scramble to my feet. The giant sneezed again, the ice spreading across the tracks a foot from my feet. I stood up again, and the club missed my head by a quarter inch. "Hey! What did I ever do to you, big blue?" I yelled. He paused for a moment, but he didn't stop. "Yeah, stop and think about this! You don't want to kill me! I'd be much more use to you alive!" I shouted. This time he stopped and stared at me dumbly. I scanned the ground. There was my coin on the ground over by the blue giants foot. "I mean, after all, wouldn't I be more fun to play with alive? Not dead? I mean, I'm dead then what do I do? Just lay there! What fun is that? Alive, I can keep you entertained. Then you can kill me! Wouldn't that be more fun?" He seemed to be thinking about it. So apparently this guy wasn't super smart. "Oh my god what is that?!" I shouted, pointing behind him. He spun around to look and I dove forward, snatching my coin up off the tracks and running for my life. Because I saw what he didn't. There was a train coming in. The driver pulled on the brakes desperately, and the train wheels screeched loudly. I threw myself up onto the platform at the last moment, the train smashing into the huge blue man. He exploded into golden dust like sand as the train came to a halt. There was nothing left of him, but what was-his sword was resting on the edge of the platform, almost touching the train. I picked it up. The blade was three feet long, but still perfectly balanced in my hand. The grip was cold in my hand, the way a can of cold soda is. When I looked closer at the blade, it was made of ice . There was strange carvings in the ice, like rough circles and diamonds set upon rough circles and diamonds. And I knew already that the blade was sharp enough to cut you just by touching it. There were policemen coming in now, tasers aimed at me. I quickly hid the sword under my jacket as best I could, and held up my hands in surrender. But there was still one question on my mind-what had that thing been? If greek gods were real, then that must have been a greek monster, right? I had been stupid to not realize that they must be real too. So what happened now? AN: thanks for reading! Please review or follow or favorite! See you next time!