when I got older. I'd be scared to die the way my mom did. Jacen told me once that when they recovered his mother's body it was badly burned. Fire makes the guy super nervous. Even pictures. Honestly, I don't think I've ever felt so bad for the guy. I smiled at him for getting the answer right; he gave me a 'thanks' kind of a look. Mr. P asked a few more questions, which were a lot more straightforward and then clapped his hands together again. "Okay! That's enough of that! Let's all head down to the gym and get some decent seats for the rally!" We all filed out in a big swarm, but Mr. P called Jacen and me back to him. We turned around and jogged toward the classroom door where he was waiting. He looked at Jacen first. "Sorry about that Jacen," he said sincerely. Jacen just nodded. "But," Mr. P continued, "You should know that to be afraid of something that makes you who you are is dangerous. When we don't accept who we are, then we fall apart at the seams. Trust me." Jacen gave Mr. P an awed look, as if he were just seeing the guy for the first time. He stood a little straighter and nodded at him. Mr. P motioned for Jacen to catch up to the class. He looked at me and I said that I'd meet up with him and to save me a seat. Mr. P grinned down at me. With his looks, many of the girls in our school wondered why he would want to teach music and theatre when he could just go be a famous musician or model. "And, as for you Mr. Oedipus Brown." I groaned out loud. "Mr. P," I said with a sigh, "It's Eddy. We've been through this!" Mr. P just laughed and patted my shoulder. "You know, being named after a mythological hero isn't necessarily a bad thing! In fact, it makes you more unique! Like your eyes! How many kids can say they have eyes like yours, eh?" I looked at my reflection in the classroom door window and was returned with two golden orbs glancing back. I sighed again. "I don't like being different, y'know." I said quietly so Mr. P wouldn't hear, but he seemed to understand what I murmured perfectly. "Like with Jacen," he began, "Being different is part of who you are. You could change your eye color with contacts, or change your name; but the person who you are inside doesn't change; or at least, it shouldn't. Be proud of who you are: Oedipus Brown." I looked up at him and gave him a small smile. Mr. P was seriously one cool teacher. He always knew just what to say to make me feel better about anything. "Before we head off to the rally, there's one more thing I want you to have, actually." I glanced at him curiously. Mr. P chuckled at my expression and reached up for the inside of his shirt collar. He tugged a thin silver necklace out and undid it in the back so it came off. Funnily enough, I never even noticed that he wore jewelry. If the girls knew that, they'd probably swoon over him more. When it was off, he placed it in my hand. It looked like a normal silver necklace, thin and connected by almost microscopic looking chain links. It gleamed in the light from the sun filtering through the windows making the silver look golden colored, like my eyes. Connected at the end, like where a cross, or a locket would be, was a silver half-moon looking thing with a stick coming out from the bottom of the moon. "It's a sickle," Mr. P said like he was reading my confusion. "They were used for harvesting, and was the symbol of one of the most powerful immortals." I thought it was a nice gesture and all, handing me a necklace, with mythological content, but I didn't really understand why Mr. P would give it to me. Like he was reading my mind again he continued: "Someone very dear to me gave me that necklace for safekeeping. He said that one day, I'd find someone who would need it more than I would. Every time I wear it, it reminds me of him and that he never let anyone try and change who he was. Our talk just now reminded me of a talk I once had with him where he told me the same things I just told you pretty much. So I want you to have it, Eddy." I was speechless. I took the necklace and placed it in my pocket, where no one else would see it. I didn't want the other teachers to assume I stole it from someone. I may be a lot of things, but I'm not a thief. "Thanks, Mr. P." was about all I managed to get out. He grinned and ruffled my hair, like what I'd seen a father do with their sons when they do something right. The thought made me feel somewhat sad. I noticed that while I was thinking, Mr. P was walking away from me down the hallway. He stopped about ten feet from me with his back turned and said: "One more thing Eddy." I straightened at his tone. It sounded much more serious than I had ever heard Mr. P speak before. It was unnerving. "You and Jacen watch out for each other. You'll need each other more than you think; especially from this day and onward." You know the weirdest part of Mr. P's statement wasn't his cryptic warning, or the fact that his voice was so serious to me, or that I had no idea what he could possibly mean. No, the weirdest thing was, the way he said all of that, made it sound like after today, I wasn't going to see him again.