"This is definitely my room. This just feels so right, especially all the machines and stuff." "I want to go see my room!" Bianca insisted. "Alright, but I'm coming back here later for sure." Esperanza said reluctantly. Bianca's room was next. It wasn't as big as Esperanza's, but it was cozier and friendlier. The walls were blue, the carpet black, and the one large window flanked by dark purple curtains. The window opened onto what looked like a sixth-floor fire escape over a NYC alley, but when Bianca tried to climb out she found she met an invisible barrier. There was a twin bed, rock band posters on the walls, and a cherrywood desk. Cassie's room was the best out of the three, especially in the twin's opinion. They opened the door and stepped onto a tropical beach. That's really what it was, like they'd just stepped through a portal. They found that there was an invisible barrier around them in all directions, but that went out far enough for Cassie to have a large swimming area, lots of sand, and an ice-cream truck parked on the top of a small grassy hill. A four-poster bed covered in fluffy white blankets sat serenely on the sand, and the water was the perfect temperature. By the time they had thoroughly explored each room, they were all exhausted. They made spaghetti in the kitchen, watched Doctor Who, and went to their rooms. Charles took a few books from the shelves before climbing the stairs. Raiden went into his own room, rubbing his eyes and yawning. It was just as odd as Cassie's bedroom, he found. A large round marble platform in the middle of the clouds overlooking what was probably New York City, as a storm raged around it. A glass dome covered the marble platform, keeping it from getting wet. It had beanbags, a comfy bed, and shelves of games and books. Ignoring his strange surroundings (which for some reason seemed comforting, the raging storm especially), Raiden fell into the bed fully-dressed and immediately fell asleep. Valdez Family Villa, New Rome, CA Meanwhile Leo woke up that morning with the feeling that something was wrong. He couldn't have explained it had somebody asked him to-it was just there, a voice nagging at his mind telling him something important. He sat up in bed, the early-morning light coming through the window practically blinding him. He glanced next to him automatically, but the empty place in the bed next to him was still there the way he knew it would be. Calypso had been dead for almost two years, and still it surprised him every morning to find himself alone. He sank back against the pillows, hoping that Calypso was the only thing bothering him today. But there was still that urgent tapping in his skull, telling him something. Without another look at Calypso's empty side of the bed, Leo softly left the room and went down the hallway in his pajamas. The feeling of dread hadn't lessened, but actually grew worse as he knocked softly on his daughter's bedroom door. It creaked open, and Leo leaned around it with a hand over his eyes. "Esperanza? You awake, carina ?" No answer. Leo looked into the messy bedroom, clothes and books and pieces of metal strewn across the floor like landmines to keep out unwanted visitors. Leo carefully stepped in, nearly putting his foot on a scrap of metal. "Esperanza?" He crossed to the bed, reaching out to wake up his daughter. But the bed was empty, didn't even look slept in. Leo tried not to panic as he left the bedroom, calling Esperanza louder with every step. Leo flew through the house, searching every room twice. Esperanza wasn't there. Leo was alone in the villa. He stood in the middle of the living room and turned all the way around twice, as if hoping Esperanza would appear if he blinked. He couldn't lose his daughter, too. They needed each other. Leo tried not to think the worst, but he couldn't help it. She would've have left on her own without at least telling him. Something was so very wrong. "Okay," Leo told himself, talking out loud. "Find her. I need help to find her. And maybe if Esperanza is gone, then everyone else's kids are as well. Raiden, August, Bianca, the twins-" Leo nodded decisively. Even if Esperanza had been the only one taken, he would still need the help of his friends to get her back. Leo hurried into the bathroom and turned the shower on. "Piper Grace," He told the shower, tossing in a drachma from the bowl kept on the windowsill for this reason. His friend's face filled the image, and from the look on it Leo knew Piper's son was gone as well. Raiden Grace was a good kid, except when he spent too much time with Esperanza or Bianca. Now Leo was sure something was wrong. Maybe Esperanza might've snuck out, there was a very small chance of it, but Raiden? Never. He was his father's son in most ways. "I was just about to call you." Piper said. Her eyes were red-tinged, like she had just stopped crying, but her voice was strong. "Raiden's gone. Jason is checking the garage." "So is Esperanza." Leo told her, and she looked pale. "I think all our kids are gone, the rest of the seven. Probably Bianca di Angelo-Solace, too. They've been taken." Leo insisted. "Get everyone together. I think it's time for Rachel's next prophecy." AN: thanks for reading! If you read all six pages of this then you must like it, so you have no excuse not to favorite/follow and review. So do! (please and thankyou). Sorry that Calypso's dead. I just edited this chapter, so if you've already read it and you saw that Calypso is now dead when she wasn't before, I apologize. It's important. Otherwise I wouldn't have, because I love Caleo. Author out.