even interested in all the building sea stuff." She quoted her fingers in the air expressing her annoyance."You're even more suitable for this then me." Emily pointed out, then as if she suddenly got hit by lightning her green-blue eyes blazed with a mischievous glint. "That's perfect!" I flinched back alarmed by her sudden change of emotion, hesitantly I asked, "What's perfect?" "You" She pointed to me. "And me!" She shouted nearly killing my ears. "I mean you want to go to NYC right? Look I got all the plane tickets ready and he doesn't even know who I am!" She said excitedly. "You just go pretend to be me, I'll bet he won't even notice." She smiled up at me with a hopeful expression, "Look you can build stuff! You get to go to the college of your choice! How much better can life get?" She waved her hands up in the air. I looked at her a bit hesitant, "But.." I frowned, 'I do want to go to NYC, but Emily's acting a bit too rash.' I thought, even though I know that it's in my friend's nature to be rash about things, she doesn't care what people thinks, she likes to do things her own way. "But… Like, what If someone finds out." I asked her. "No worries, trust me, no one will find out, mostly my plans are foolproof." She said confidently as I winced thinking about how many times we have followed her plan and it went wrong. "Emily…-" I began. "Look just get on that plane, and while you chase your dream job in NYC, I'll be here working towards my dream job in California." She stated so confidently I was starting to believe her. "Emily it's not that easy, don't be so repulsive." I tried to advice her, "It-" "Annabeth, Columbia University is in NYC, it's one of the best architecture universities in the whole entire world." I was about to talk when she stopped me. "I thought you wanted to be an architect, you pretty much got your whole life planned out. After you graduate from the course at Columbia, then you're pretty much set to work on my half-brother's company and build stuff. You're pretty much living the dream." "What about you Emily?" I asked her. "I get my dream job, plus Stanford is one of the best in the medical field, I can't pursue my career if I go to NYC. Annabeth it's Stanford I want to graduate from, not any other school." Emily told me, her eyes were serious and for once in her stubborn life she seems to be begging me. "Plus, you didn't even want to go to Stanford, this was your dad's dream, not yours. You wanted to be an architect, not a doctor like me." Emily stated. I mean, she does make sense, we all get what we want. "You sure about this Emily?" She looked at me without hesitation. "Positive, plus, why should I do anything to please my bastard of a father that never even bother to visit me." I nodded, understanding her situation completely, my father pretty much ignored me throughout my whole life, the only reason why he even bother paying for my college fees was because my dead mom told him too. It doesn't help that he's only paying for colleges inside of California which is probably the reason why I'm currently studying at Stanford. In other words, he now has a new wife and don't care a shit about me. "How will I even explain this to my dad?" I asked her. "Call him up and be like, hey dad, I don't want to go to Stanford, I'm off to Columbia in NYC which is across the country. Don't worry about paying my college fees, it's all covered?" Emily suggested. "That's not going to work." I mumbled. "Just who cares about the past with your dad, if he doesn't care let him be… keep on moving forward, don't, you can't let him tell you how to live your life," Emily reminded me. "True but..." I hesitated, my emotions were getting ahead of me, and frankly I'm worried. "It's your future at stake here Annabeth." Emily reminded me. "I know…" I began trying to think of another reason. "Doors of chances like these don't stay open for long," Emily tried to persuade me. "But-" I began again. "No buts, Annabeth, you're going, the flight is tonight so start packing ma'am. " She told me in an orderly tone. I couldn't hide my grin, then I remembered what she said about her half-brother, "But …wait… your brother," She glared at me and I corrected myself. "Half-brother, how about him?" I asked a bit curious. "I don't know nothing about my brother except, well…" Her face going into her thinking mood, "Well, except he works in some place, and his name is Perseus." She paused, "Oh yea, and he's picking us up at the airport tomorrow." She told me. I stared at her, "TOMORROW?" "Yea, so please get pack Ms. Chase." Emily grinned. "The plane leaves in…" She checked her watch. "2 hours?" "You're helping," I grumbled sacrastically. "Of course." She said smiling. Little did I know, I was in for big trouble if anyone finds out about this. WOW SECOND STORY (well… second really long story that is…)….so what did you guys think? Pretty good plot? Good chapter so far? Bad chapter so far? REVIEW PLEASE! I know… I know…. I said one month break… but you should learn by now… is never to trust my words. Anyways… life as I learn… is not much of a fairytale… I was ready to plummet out of a moving car for being so pissed… no not trying to kill myself… but me=seriously pissed= a crazed person= I'm am not fucking scared of anything=trouble…. Well you get the idea…. Anyways...let's hope I can get the next chapter up soon right? :D Agent Astro Zombie