would need leverage, hostages. So he picked the brother and sister from the school, but did he kidnap them or trick them? I surveyed the 2 kids again and realized that there were no signs of tear, or wear on their uniform, which means that he tricked them. That must mean that he's a teacher, but how could a teacher convince them to go outside the school with him? He couldn't. He must have threatened them, but why? The raven haired looked like he was in quite a bit of pain, and that equals to a fight. I have all the pieces, now, time to concoct a story… Really? Concoct? Is that even a word that's used anymore? That's the 'most' important thing to focus on right now… "Hey prof, I read your last work, and I must say that it is amazing. I especially like the new approach that you took. What made you think of this new way to look at things in, specifically, this subject?" I used dude, might as well use prof. Keep it vague, and keep him confused. It was working. He was furiously trying to remember if he had ever done any work in his time in this persona. The answer was nope. All the while, I slowly approached him. I kept my back away from him, and he kept his back away from me. It was a mutual thing. He had a tail that he didn't wanna show, and I had some mighty swords that I didn't wanna show. "Man. You're my hero. Do you mind if I take a picture with you real quick?" At this point, I was already close enough to deal a fatal strike, but I couldn't, just yet. I needed some information. Why was he after these 2 kids in particular? I can't exactly question a dead man, no matter how awesome I am. I took my phone out of my pocket and prepared to take a selfie. He was none the wiser, as he tried to hide his tail from me. I used his frantic attempts, to 'accidently' drop my phone. "Sorry about that." I said. "I always drop my phone." Now was the time. He found a perfect time to hide his tail, while I was distracted, and I found a perfect time to put my sword against his neck. My right hand grasped the left sword and had it a hair's length away from his neck in less than a second, and my left hand grasped my right sword and sliced his tail clean off. A pity too. He looked like he was just about to say his first words in this conversation. "One, very small question. Who sent you here? And if I don't like your answer. Your head is gonna come clean off. And don't even try to move." I looked towards the rest of the happy party, "Go, make whoopie, or grab your things. Do something." I focused my attention back on the monster. "Who?" I demanded. "WHY DID THEY SEND YOU?" "The General sent me to collect the children of Hades. I'll spare your life if you walk away, little mortal. You can still walk away from this." I could hear a helicopter flying in from our west, but I couldn't risk looking to confirm my hearing. "Today is not your lucky day." I sliced his throat wide open. No blood spurted out. He transformed into some sort of lion-winged beast, then dissipated into yellow stripper dust. I turned my attention to the helicopter. It was still a bit off, but it was too close for comfort. "Might as well come out, Arty. No point in hiding in the shadows now." I said to the shadows behind me without looking back. I could clearly see that there was a machine gun attached to the chopper. It would take but one throw to kill the person manning the chopper, and two to kill the pilot, depending on the type of glass the helicopter has. But, I do dislike murder. How about leaving it up to fate? I waited for the helicopter to come by. "Get back. This won't be pretty. Probably." I said to the others. Kill them all. They don't deserve to live. I ignored the voice and focused on the chopper. It was about time. My shield better be strong enough, and my aim true enough. I reached into my jacket's pocket and prepared myself for the throw. I turned it around, so that it would be vertical rather than horizontal and threw the shield at the blades of the chopper, activating it at the last second. "Aegis" I muttered with less than an ideal amount of hope for a crazy plan. The shield grew about 10 times its original size and hit its target. The blades stopped spinning and made quite an annoying sound whenever they hit the shield. I moved back a bit, just in case the chopper landed on this side. Thankfully, for once, it did not. The pilot turned it around, and tried to move it towards the sea. The gunman abandoned his post and jumped out. The pilot thought it wise to copy his friend. I turned around and left my handiwork behind to focus on everything else. Lost a shield. Fun. A bunch of teenage, probably hormonal, hunters wearing silver parkas and shorts that preach man-hatred and man-specific manslaughter that were aiming their bows at me. More fun. I won't ask again. I'll just ask this one time. Can you guys just review for the first chapter, so I know what the tone of this story should be? Should the chapter be longer? Should I not include so much detail? Should I include more? Were the characters poorly portrayed? Is my writing lacking somehow? Please review and tell me how to better this story. Also, did the whole him thinking of how to properly start the fight suck, or suck big time? Criticism only.