just… Try to figure out if they like them back? Before making any moves? And then maybe they flirt back a little, or just ask them out and see how it goes. You know, it's not a lifelong commitment. Even though… some couples make it seem like forever, it's super normal for relationships not to work out. Most people just go on a date, and see if they liked it or not, and go from there. You don't have to plan out your entire future right now." By the time Jason stopped talking Nico had decided coming in here was an alright idea, for once. "So… I could just… Hmm…" "Yeah!" Jason said enthusiastically, even though Nico himself had no idea what he was trying to say. "Will's probably figuring all this out as he goes, too, you know? He's only fifteen." "Huh. That's somehow comforting and terrifying at the same time." "So are you gonna go for it?" Jason asked. "I think I'm going to wait for him to make a move. If I'm misreading this, then… Well, I'm not going to take that chance. So if he actually wants something, then he can ask," Nico nodded, having come to a decision. "Because I'm honestly fine with either." "Okay, it's your decision. But if he hurts you, I'll kill him for you. So you have some backup. Just saying. And don't be afraid to talk to me," Jason said firmly. Nico smiled, and almost laughed. "Thanks. I'll keep that in mind. And everything else you've said. This actually… Yeah, this actually helped more than I thought it would." "Not to say I told you so, but I did tell you so." "I guess. I've, um, got to get some sleep now. So bye, and thanks for the talk," Nico winced, knowing he could have said that better, and shadow traveled the short distance back to his cabin before Jason could respond. He hopped into his own bed, burying his face in his pillow, and it was a while before he could actually fall asleep. Though he felt comforted, and had taken a good step into the right direction, he was still incredibly paranoid and anxious about everything. So one person was alright with Nico, with pretty much everything about Nico. There were still other people on the earth that he couldn't forget about. Lots of them. It was different from the first ten years of his life, in old-fashioned Italy, but he was still getting used to it. There were still so many awful people in the world. There were still awful people in camp, even. He'd have to keep his guard up, especially if he started seeing Will more. But at least he had some backup, now. He wasn't alone anymore, didn't have to deal with everything alone. He had Jason now, someone who was incredibly easy to talk to against all odds, someone who accepted him no matter what, someone who made him feel safe and comfortable, who he could really be himself around, someone who… Hmm. Someone who definitely wasn't Will. Nico flipped the pillow over his head, almost yelling into the mattress. It was time to stop thinking down that train of thought, preferably forever. Piper was still a factor, and why was he even thinking about her? Was he seriously considering…? No, he wasn't. He was going to hang out with Will more, maybe start… Flirting back with him. Opening up some maybe. And he was going to wait until Will made a move, but if he didn't ever do that, Nico would be okay with it. Will as a friend was just as good as Will as a… something more. He was just going to stop thinking, and go to sleep. He was going to go to sleep, and in the morning he'd forget about this particular new potential problem. Yeah. Sleep now, worry never. Yikes. A/N: So I have a confession to make, I don't really ship solangelo. It could potentially happen, eventually, but right after Nico goes through all of that? He's just barely starting to accept himself, he's not ready for a relationship without recovering. Will's not the best fit for him, either, always touching him when he knows Nico doesn't like it, and always drawing attention to them being boyfriends even though once again Nico makes it clear he's not ready or comfortable with it. But I still believe that it could work, someday, they just need time. I could write more of this, if I really wanted to, but I'd need some more ideas. My thoughts on this are very vague at best, as it was mostly a way for me to sort out my own thoughts. Which kind of worked, by the way. Benefits of being a writer. So, review! I really really like critiques, like places I could change things or any errors you notice, tell me if it seems ooc, if I even slightly captured the character's mannerisms and speech patterns, because I'm always looking to improve! This is also my first one-shot, or at least short story that I've posted, so if the ending or the beginning feels weird that's why. Advice on that is welcome as well! Also. Didn't beta read, wrote the last section today. And if you're still waiting for my other PJO fic to be continued... That one's really hard to write, and I have no idea why. Partly because it was leaning in a solangelo way before I decided I didn't like the ship. So I'd consider this to be canon for that fic as well, but I'm still not quite settled on how to write that anymore. Which is unfortunate, but if anyone had some advice or ideas or whatever, I'm all ears! But it's on hiatus until I can write some more. Actually, I have the tiniest bit more that I haven't posted yet, but it's not nearly enough for a full chapter, so. Sorry about that!