when Bianca died." Nico supplied. "Cause you are a little kid." "I'm fit to be your grandfather." "Shut up." She said again trying to regain whatever dignity she had left after a kid had seen her cry. The son of Hades shuffled his feet, "So did Luke-" "Why did you even bring him back?!" Thalia screamed at him. The kid backed away, a hint of fear in his face. "I-I just thought-" "Well you thought wrong!" "I know what it's like to not be able to say goodbye." Nico said solemnly. "My sister died before I even had a chance to say anything to her." Thalia glared at the ground. "I heard stories that you guys used to be close. Bianca and I used to be like that. She was all I had and I was all she had. We were there for each other you know? I heard that you and Luke were like that. I understand that he got misleaded- "Corrupted, evil-" The son of Hades shot her a look that made her shut up, "You guys were close. He was your best friend and you didn't get to say goodbye to him. Plus it didn't help that he was egging me to see you one last time before he gets reborned so I thought…" "I didn't want to see him." "You did." Nico affirmed. "I hated Bianca for leaving me, but there's so much unfinished things. Things I never got to tell my sister before she went to rebirth. I don't want the same thing to happen to you and Luke. So I did it. You can either choose to thank me or hate me. I don't care. It's not like I'm going to be seeing you anyways." "Bummer. I wanted to see you everyday." She mumbled. If Nico had understood her sarcasm, he didn't comment on it. "Luke said he left something for you. I had to take it before the Stolls could grab it." Nico threw her a book. She recognized it almost immediately. "Later." WIth that said the son of Hades melted into the shadow of the nearest tree. She stared at the book. Or maybe diary is a more appropriate wording. "The Diary of Luke Castellan" " You're not a monster!" He laughed as he put down his sword. "Oh man, your face. So what brings you out here?" Thalia raised an eyebrow. He can see the monsters? So… is he like her? "Trying to survive obviously." The boy with blue eyes grinned at her. "Luke Castellan." He was probably around her age, give or take a year. "I'm a runaway." She hesitated, planning to give him her fake name, but quickly decided against it. "Thalia Grace. I'm a runaway too." The boy- Luke- grinned. "We're practically best friends already." Thalia just stared at the boy. She have seen so many people left her and she knew that he'll be the same, "We're not best friend. We're acquaintances. One day, you are going to leave and I'm just going to forget you." Luke grabbed her spear and handed it to her, "I beg to differ. I'm kind of hard to forget." She grabbed her spear. "What makes you say that?" He grinned, "I can tell that we are going to get along well. Come on Thalia Grace. We runaways have to stick together. I have your back and you have mine." Thalia hesitated. Was she really going to trust this lunatic? He started walking but quickly turned around, a mischievous grin on his face, "I promise I won't ever leave you if you become my friend and I promise that you will never forget me." Fine. She'll spend a couple days with him. Steal his food and go on from there. She stared at the shroud of the Son of Hermes that was burning in the distance. She stayed by her tree just staring, wondering how many times he had sat at her tree after she had 'died'. The diary was still in her hand but she kept the closed. She'll read it. Soon. " You know what I want?" Luke asked Thalia as they laid down in the grass after fighting off a hellhound. " What?" She asked him. It's been almost a year since they have been traveling together and true to his word, they became the closest of friends. " To be remembered. My dad forgot about me. My mom's a lunatic." He let out a weak laugh. "I just want someone to remember me when I die. I don't want to be forgotten. I don't want to just die without ever being recognized as me." He looked over at her as if he expected her to say something deep, but she was Thalia. "That's stupid. I would rather be alive forever." " You mean immortal?" She shrugged, "Yeah." She said after a while. "Something like that." " What's the point of being immortal if no one remembers you?" Luke asked her. " Does it matter?" She questioned him. "I'm alive. That's all it matters." " Hmm." He sat up. "Maybe…" He trailed off. "But we're demigods, we're going to die. So I want to be remembered. Physically I will die, but at least I'll be alive. People will remember me." Luke said earnestly. "You'll remember me though right?" " Yes. I promise that I'll always remember the annoying boy named Luke Castellan until the very day of my last breath." She grumbled. "Now can we please think of the next place to travel to? We're running short on food." Thalia laughed quietly to herself. She's immortal and he's dead. Maybe it's the alternative… Maybe he's the one that's immortalized and she's the one that's truly dead. She opened the diary. My name is Luke. So What do you guys think? Trying to get back with this thing. Tell me how you guys like this one? I've always sorta felt like Thalia and Luke story was never complete so... AAZ