see you one last time. Watching your shroud burn would be like watching you burn. I don't think I could bear watching all my hopes and dreams burn on a pyre. So I didn't. I hid in Artemis' cabin and cried where no one could see me. I cried for what could have been. For the places I could have gone with you, the dreams I could have dreamed with you by my side. For the children we could have had; children who will never exist in this lifetime, but possibly in another, if you really do choose reincarnation. You were a hero Luke. My hero. I knew it from the start. And now everyone knows it too. Dear Luke, This is the tenth letter I've written you over the course of 86 years. I'm not ready; will never be ready, to say good bye. But I'm standing on Half-Blood Hill right now, where my tree is. Actually, I'm sitting in the branches. Writing this letter to you. Its been a while Luke. The last letter didn't quite feel final, so I felt I had to write an epilogue like letter to you. Though what's going to be written in here, I can't be sure. Since I have no where else to start, I'll start here. On Half Blood Hill, where I was turned into the tree so, so many years ago. We were so young, and now I'm so old. Technically, I'm 101. I don't look old; so goes the blessing of Artemis. But I feel old. Deep inside me, I feel old. And lost. And utterly alone. Annabeth and Percy are gone. The Jackson-Chase children that I was the godmother to have moved on, married, had children. I'm even the godmother of one of those kids too, though I can't remember their names. Maybe those kids had kids too; I don't remember how old any of them are. That's how I feel old. I'm beginning to forget things I shouldn't. Like what Annabeth looked like when she was young and still in her prime. Like the face of my brother, my mother. Like the goofy, lopsided grin that I used to always associate with you. Luke Castellan. The boy who could never smile straight. The boy that died before he truly could have lived long enough to say he had lived. 101 isn't very old for a hunter, compared to the age others are, anyway. Zoe Nightshade was about 500 years old; remember her? Of course you would; you had a shorter span of years to remember all the events of. I don't remember what she looks like either. But I remember you. The first time we met; in that dragon's cave where you got that striking scar on your face, and I got a matching one, except on my upper leg. I remember the shade of your eyes, and the fact that your hair was a sandy blond. And sometimes, I still wake up with the urge to run my hands through your spiky hair, though I know it's just as impossible now as it was before. I remember fighting on top of that cliff, and the horror and guilt I felt when I instinctively kicked you off the side. I can still remember the feeling; the rush of air as I lift my foot up to kick you, and the horrible crushing guilt that followed, silencing my scream. And I remember that when Hera's statue fell on me, I almost sobbed in relief. I wouldn't have to watch you die. I've never been thankful to Hera before that moment. I guess all of this is just a long way of saying goodbye. It really takes a lot out of me to write these letters to you. I don't think I can do it anymore without crying. And I'm done with crying. I guess now I have to stick around long enough to find out if you actually reincarnated yourself. And if you did, long enough to find you. And if you didn't, the first thing I'll do when I get to Elysium is find you. And tell you all (well, at least most) of this in person. I'll tell you how sorry I am that I couldn't be there for you, how sorry I am that I pushed you away when I had the power to set everything right. How sorry that I only realized how much I needed you after it was to late. But more importantly, how sorry I am that I couldn't come to say good bye. I know it would have hurt; hurt more than anything in the world. But I should have sucked it up. I'd like to think you'd come to say good bye to me. That you'd be able to suck up the pain for me. That I'm the only shitty friend in this relationship. I can't make everything right, not now, and maybe not ever. But I can at least fix one thing. Our goodbye. Good bye Luke Castellan. I love you and I hate you, but most of all, I miss you. I should have seen them burn your shroud. I should have done so many things that I didn't, and I know that these regrets will sit heavily on my shoulders for the rest of the long years of my life. And already, it feels too long. Annabeth and Percy are gone. Clarisse, Nico, and Rachel too. You. I am the last of our generation; the one left behind to watch all those I love and care about die around me. If I didn't have you, I don't think I could continue. I'll go on, stumbling painfully towards the end of the tunnel where I know you'll be waiting, unless I find you along the way. In either case, I suppose I'll be happy one way or another. As long as I find you. Good bye Luke Castellan. Until we meet again. Love, Thalia Grace _