the chain from around my neck and handed over my dial. The careless way the jumpsuit clicked through my screens made my face burn. Or maybe I was coming down with a fever... The first symptom of Ferae was a high fever-really high, as in usually fatal. I clenched my hand to keep from pressing my palm across my forehead to check my temperature. I didn't want the jumpsuit to think I was worried about my health. Because I wasn't. I did not have Ferae. I couldn't. Dogs barked on my dial as the jumpsuit watched one of my shelter clips. "You're a real budding filmmaker, aren't you, Bianca?" He said after a moment. Yes, ever since I had learned that the fastest way to get people to care about neglected animals was to show them the animals. But what did that matter to this guy? "It's Bee." He glanced up. "What?" "I go by Bee." Only my dad called me by my full name, Bianca Delphi Solace-di Angelo. It was for his sister, Bianca, and also where he'd met my daddy, a place called Delphi Strawberries. People his age, they owned sentimental, which is why so many of them had named their kids after beloved places-places they knew they would never see again. The jumpsuit set my dial aside. "Okay, Bee . What do you say we get down to business." He dragged a metal box from under the bench and opened it on the floor between us. "Put out your arm." I braced myself against the vehicle's sway. "Why?" "So we can test your blood. Don't you want to know if you've been infected?" "How could I have gotten infected?" "Spec sheet didn't say." He tossed a folded paper into my lap. It was a list of attributes and addresses, a summarization of me. The addresses belonged to my friends, the animals shelter where I volunteered, two of my favorite coffee shops, and there were several more that I didn't recognize which was just as well because I was already thouroughly creeped out. The description of me was the final insult: brown eyes, brown hair, average build. Why not just say average everything? Instead of smashing the paper into a ball and throwing it at him like I wanted, I handed it back without a word. "Put out your arm," he repeated. When I hesitated, he snagged me by the wrist and pulled my arm straight. He took a hypodermic needle from the box on the floor, and suddenly I was seized with the urge to bite his hand and free myself. But I didn't. I smothered the impulse; I'd never do something so disgusting. So feral. I relaxed my arm and looked away as he inserted the needle. I figured that I should probably be grateful I wasn't marched through the quarantine center through the front door. Instead, when I was nudged out of the van, I landed in what looked like an empty warehouse except for the stacked cots along the walls. I breathed against the pinch of Sophia's vest and tightened my ponytail. A new jumpsuit awaited us, her face mask firmly in place. A one-woman welcoming committee. Her spiky gray hair didn't move as she strode forward, tablet in hand. I saw my school photo on its screen. "Bianca Solace-di Angelo?" The woman clearly knew she had the right girl, but she waited for my nod before continuing. "I'm Director Taryn Spurling. Head of Biohazard Defense." She turned to the jumpsuit who'd brought me. "Did you get a sample?" He handed her the vial of my blood and my dial. "Is someone going to tell my dad I'm here?" My voice came out higher than usual. Above her face mask, Director Spurling's laser-blue eyes sharpened. "You know where he is?" "Visiting galleries in Colorado. He's an art dealer." She stiffened. "You're going to have to do better than that, Bianca. A lot better. You see, I've got all the evidence I need. I can issue an order anytime to have your father shot on sight." Her words punched the air out of my lungs. "For what?" "You're not going to help him by lying." "But he is an art dealer," I said helplessly. "Yes, of course." She spoke through a clenched jaw. "that's where the big money is. But my sources tell me that Nico di Angelo will retrieve anything if the price is right." "Retrieve?" Understanding crawled out of the primordial mud of my mind, tiny and grasping. "You mean from the other side of the wall..." "Now that look almost works. You almost have me believing that you don't know"-Spurling leaned in until her face mask grazed my ear-"that your father is a Fetch." I recoiled. "No. That's not true." Under that mask, the woman was smirking. I was sure of it. Well, Director Spurling was wrong. Dead wrong. My dad was no Fetch. He got cold pains in his arms, wore contacts, and was ADHD. Him, scale the Titan wall and sneak into the Feral Zone? Not possible. But the word "fetch" had triggered my memory of the last Fetch they'd arrested. He'd been executed by a firing squad in front of the Titan. As always, our online classes had been cancelled so that we could do the patriotic thing and watch the event in real time. The worst moment wasn't when the bullets flung the man against the wall, as awful as that had been to see. It had been when they'd forced a black hood over his head, making him face death in total darkness. That seemed beyond cruel. "Put her in a containment room." Director Spurling's thin voice dragged me back into the moment. "You're keeping me here?" I began to sweat, which plastered the vinyl vest to my skin. Spurling didn't spare a glance, just headed for the door, tossing off a last order as she passed the jumpsuit. "Call me if she's alive in the morning.