arm. "Are you stupid?!" Artemis whispered. "Do you have a death wish?" Perseus stayed silent. "Father, I'm sure we can talk this out." "Step aside, my daughter." Zeus warned. "But father-" Without any thinking for another second, Zeus fired the master bolt directly at Perseus, endangering Artemis in the process who was next to Perseus close enough to make her injured from the master bolt. Perseus acted fast and carried Artemis out of the way of the bolt. It hit the marble floor and a loud thunder could be heard echoing in the throne room and it sounds like its being played from a massive sound magnifier. When the smoke and bright light cleared up, where Perseus had been standing was nothing but black smears and stains on the floor as explosions had just happened. The throne room wasn't damaged from the master bolt. Zeus had a grin on his face for one moment, but later, it disappeared as he saw Perseus carrying Zeus's daughter, Artemis, bridal style. The other Olympians looked rather shocked not at the fact that Perseus had managed to avoid Zeus's master bolt, but they were shocked that Artemis would let a male touch her. Perseus, knowing his limits with the maiden goddess, carefully set Artemis down and stepped away from her, keeping their distance. "How could you do that to your own child?" Perseus said with clear anger in his voice. "She's your daughter, isn't she? You would rather endanger your daughter just because someone won't answer your question? Your pride has really fed you, hasn't it?" Zeus glared at Perseus. "Know your place, immortal. You are a vacant god. Your powers are no match for mine." Zeus bellowed. Artemis was still astonished that this stranger would defend her. Artemis had barely known him, and even thought about turning him into a baboon, and yet he saved her and defended her. "Heh, know my place . . ." Perseus muttered with a slight smirk. "Know your place, Zeus. How many attempts have you done just to ensure that it is you who remains in charge?" "Do not question what I have done! I have and forever always be the King of Olympus!" Zeus roared. Thunder rumbled and lightning struck all around them. Perseus expected some of the Olympians would disagree and starts to give him an invisible slap, but they just looked at Zeus with disapproval without saying anything. "Well, good luck to all of you Olympian council under his reign." Perseus sighed. "I'm leaving." Perseus turned around, kicked the bronze doors open and walked away. "He will get a taste of my bolt!" Zeus said as he held his bolt up in the sky. Thudner rumbled and lightning flashed before the master bolt fired its lightning to the sky, looking for its prey. The lightning travelled outside and would've struck Perseus if it hadn't been for Artemis. Artemis tackled Perseus out of the way before the lightning could strike him. Perseus was surprised. He was ready to counter Zeus's bolt, but Artemis had saved him. Both of them tumbled to the ground with a grunt. Artemis untangled herself from Perseus. "That makes us even." Artemis whispered. "I hate to be indebted to a man." "I'm impressed, Artemis." Perseus said. "We're all even, then." "Artemis!" Zeus bellowed from the throne room. "How dare you interfere his punishment?!" "He is right, father. It is not right for you to kill him just because he won't answer your question. It's not his fault that he does not wish to be recognized." Artemis said back. "Looks like this man's rudeness has rubbed on you." Zeus muttered loud enough for them to hear. "So you shall die with him." Zeus said. This was getting more and more obnoxious. Zeus's ego is biting off more than it could chew. "So? Kill her. Punish her." Perseus said, stepping in front of Artemis. "Prove us right that you would do anything so you could remain in your seat as the King of Gods. Prove us right that your ego has got the better of you." "Silence!" Zeus roared said and fired his master bolt through the door. Perseus used his power over gravity and lightened the gravity on the lightning bolt, making it weightless. The bolt diverted itself towards the sky, missing them completely. Zeus looked shocked that his master had been easily diverted. "How did you-" Artemis didn't finish her sentence because Perseus was glaring at Zeus. "The goddess is under my protection," Perseus declared. "Should you threaten her in any ways or even touch her, I swear by the Styx that I will destroy you. Your reign as the King of Gods is over." Zeus growled at Perseus for embarrassing him in front of the council, in front of the other gods. "You will not harm Artemis and she will stay with me, where she won't be harmed and be forced to accept all of your decisions." Perseus continued. "I claim it by the Styx that Artemis will forever be in my protection." Massive thunder boomed overhead. Everyone looked at Zeus and his eyes were widened with shock. His daughter had just been taken away from him. If someone claims anyone under their protection, no one is allowed to make any contact with that person, except if the on protecting that person gave you permission to. "Why would you do that?!" Artemis grabbed Perseus's arm. "You know what you've done by protecting me? You're endangering yourself." "It won't be the first." Perseus shrugged. Then, he turned back to Zeus. "Artemis is under my protection. You would do well to be a good god and don't harm her." Perseus then turned her heels and walked away, dragging Artemis along with him. Artemis didn't know what to do, so she followed along. That started off well. A/N: Hehe . . . What do you think? Good? Bad? Well I don't care. I'm going to keep doing this, regardless of what you think.