hall. The walls were filled with torches and weird skull like designs of weapons. If I had to guess one thing, the di Angelos had a thing for skulls. At the far end of the hall, sitting on her throne, was Queen Bianca. And standing by her side was her general, Nico. If you're here, reading fanfics, then you've read the original series and you know what they look like. The author is too lazy to describe people he already know that people know what they look like. He's not being a dick, he's just very lazy. But I'll describe what she's wearing. She wore a blue dress, the colour of aged ice, that hugged her slim figure with shoulder pads that glittered in the light. The skirt didn't poof out like most Disney's princesses's dress are. Instead, the skirt loosely fell down to the floor, with some of it dragged on the floor. Nico, on the other hand, looked like your usual knight in shining armour. Except without his helmet on. That's it. We stopped a good ten meters away from the throne. The two guards in front of us walked closer to the throne and knelt before their Queen. "Queen Bianca," One of the guard said. "These two men have a delivery for you from the Heavenly Kingdom," The Queen studied us and smiled at Grover. "Ah, Grover. It's been a while," "It has been, Your Majesty," Grover gave Bianca a bow. "Give us a moment," Bianca said to her guards. They looked reluctant, but they nodded and left the room. Then, the Queen turned her attention towards me. "Percy Jackson," "Heya," I waved at her with a stupid smirk. Here's a little back story: Remember when I said I tried to climb the walls of the Cold Kingdom? That happened when I tried to get out of the kingdom. I wanted to get out because I was caught 'flirting' with the queen's sister, Princess Zoe. I was minding my own business in the tavern, drinking about when I noticed a fair maiden in a hooded cloak. I approached her gently, mind you, and started off a conversation. One thing led to another and I found myself in bed with her. No one told me she was Princess Zoe, so technically, it's their fault. It's not like I knew every face that lives in the castle. When the guards found us passed out in a bedroom, they were under the assumption that I had kidnapped the princess and 'forced' myself upon her. I managed to escape, but that was years ago. I'm surprised that none of the guards remembered me. Luckily, the Queen still does. "You know him?" Grover asked. "How could I not?" Bianca smiled. "He's my brother-in-law," "What?!" Grover exclaimed. I held my hands up. "Technically, that's not true. That's just by your law. Whoever the member of the royal family is in love with, shall be his/her partner immediately." "And by the law of the Cold Kingdom, you are technically my brother-in-law," Bianca said. She's taking this very nicely. Though I have no intention of being related to any royal family. "She misses you, you know?" "How is she?" "She's off on a business in the Woodlands. She'll be back in a few months," Bianca said. Then, she turned towards Grover again. "I believe you have a delivery for me?" "Yes, Your Majesty," Grover gave me a look that said, you better explain yourself later . Grover handed the box to Bianca and stepped back. I caught a look on Nico's eyes, who stayed at the side of the throne. He glared at me, as if he didn't want to be related with me. I was tempted to say out loud that the feeling is mutual, but I guess it would be best not to. Bianca opened the box and took out its content. It was nothing but a white cloth, probably made out of silk. There was no design or embroidery on it. It's just a plain silky white cloth. Probably the size of your regular flag. But as soon as she sees it, her face turned grim. "I see," She said. She turned towards Nico. "Brother, can you check on the Northwind for me?" "Why?" Nico asked. "Just do it. It's important. I need it to be ready for tonight. I'll explain everything later," Nico hesitated a bit before bowing. "As you wish, sister," He said before heading out. Hastily, he turned towards us. "I know this is a sudden, but I need your help. Both of you." "What's wrong?" I asked. Bianca ignored my question. "The Northwind is the fastest vessel I have in my fleet. It will get you there and out by nighttime tomorrow." "Get us where?" Grover asked. "The Heavenly Kingdom. You're going to smuggle Queen Annabeth out of the kingdom," Narrator's POV And so concludes the first chapter of the tale of our hero, Percy. We'll continue up in the next chapter whenever I feel like writing. In the next chapter, we shall see our first Percabeth moment along with some other epic fight scenes with a revalation of Percy's true skills, because other fanfics haven't beat that dead horse enough. I'm just kidding. A/N: Whew. Finally out of writing mode. So, what did you guys think? Again, this is just experimental. It's how I want you guys to be a part of the story as well. I've always wanted to make a Deadpool-like story with the fourth wall breakage and everything. Let me know what you guys think and leave a review. Also, don't forget to post your own scene for the story. I'll post the best one in the next chapter. And don't worry, it's a Percabeth with a little bit of harem. Because, you know, Percy's a playa. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it. Leave a review if you like or hate it, like I always say, a review always helps. Until then, take care.