way. I tried focusing on the flames. My gut turned upside down. I motioned my hand upwards. A stream of flame came out from the torch, following my motions. "Impressive," Annabeth said. "Now, try firing it," "Excuse me?" Annabeth stepped forward, setting the torch down. "Anything you can move or manipulate can be used as a weapon. Either as a projectile or an armour or a shield, doesn't matter. It fits your need." Annabeth stepped next to me. "Trying sending the flames at Jason," "I didn't volunteer for this," Jason grumbled. "It'll be fine," Annabeth waved him off. "Try thrusting your hand forward. That's the basic way to send a projectile towards your opponent. Will the fire to be in front of you and then thrust forward," I nodded. I focused on the levitating flames above me and willed it to move slowly towards me. I don't know how, but it happened. "Excellent," Annabeth said. "Now, fire," I thrusted my hand forward. The flames went flying at the speed of like ten miles per hour. It wasn't the speed of a speeding bullet and Jason evaded it easy enough as the fireball dissolved into the air. "Huh," I sighed. "Not quite what I expected," "You did well for a newbie," Percy assured. "It took me a whole week just for me to move water," "Try throwing it," Piper suggested. "Other than thrusting, throwing is another way to send projectiles at your enemy." I nodded. I willed another ball of flame from the previous torch. I set it close to my hand and looked at Jason. "You ready?" I asked. "Not really, but bring it," Jason said. I made a baseball pitch with a fireball as my baseball. It moved too fast for any of us to catch it. The next thing I knew was that Jason was flying across the arena and landed on the ground roughly with a scorch mark on the chest area of his shirt. He coughed and groaned. "Oh god," He muttered. "That was painful," "You did it!" Percy gave me a high-five. I was feeling excited. "Well done, Ai," Annabeth congratulated me. "You're one fast learner," Then, the door of the arena creaked open. "So that means I can smash him into a pulp now?" We turned around and see Clarisse and the rest of her gang. "Because I have some unfinished business with that grease spot," "Back off, Clarisse," Annabeth's tone turned serious. "We're training," "Training huh?" Clarissed grinned evilly. "Well, to train a person, it's best to put him through the real thing rather than training. So, I'm gonna help. I challenge him to a duel," Everyone stared at me. I was tired of being bullied. I was tired of being treated like someone who's not important. Anger overwhelmed me. "Fine. I accept," While the others looked worried for me, Clarisse smirked smugly. "Let's get it on then. Right here, right now." "Whatever you say," Everyone cleared the arena and head for the stance as Clarisse and I stayed in the arena. "Traditional rules. Any kind of harm is allowed. You're allowed to use powers, no fatal and permanent injuries allowed. Understood?" "Bring it," I said. I don't know where this confidence came from, but it was going to get me killed. Or so I thought. Clarisse started off simple by throwing fireballs at me at a rapid pace. I started to run to avoid being burnt into a crisp. I felt the air around me and I started to use it to make my steps lighter, making me run faster. I was waiting for that one moment when she would hesitate. Clarisse was consistent in keeping me in my toes. Her attacks were relentless. But I knew she was tiring. But so was I. I had to be patient. I waited for the right moment. As soon as Clarisse was hesitant for a microsecond, I lunged at her, using the wind to help me. I conjured up water and splashed it at her legs, instantly freezing it so she's frozen on the spot, literally. Clarisse grunted as she struggled to move. In desperation, she tried to melt the ice with her flames. I saw my chance and took it. I stomped my feet on the ground. A boulder half the size of me jumped out of the ground. I kicked it with full force, sending it towards Clarisse. It hit Clarisse straight on, releasing her from the ice and sending her crashing onto the walls. Clarisse grunted and stood up. "That's it. I'm gonna kill you!" She yelled. "Clarisse!" Percy tried to stop her, but she was already sprinting. Something took over me. I don't know what, but something did. It felt like my eyes flared up and glared daggers at Clarisse. I thrust my hand at her feet, pinning her on the spot. The ground had somehow swallowed her feet up to her ankles. She struggled but to no avail. I held my hands up, doing something that I don't know. Either I'm possessed by something or I'm doing this by instinct. Probably a bit of both. A sharp pain entered my head and it wasn't stopping. I heard people gasping and screaming while pointing at the sky. Clarisse looked scared. Like, really scared. She looked at me desperately, wanting me to let her out. I looked up and saw why. A freaking meteor was falling from the sky. It was a massive rock that you'd see in catapults and it was on fire. That was the bad news. The really bad news? It was heading straight at us. A/N: There it is. Mega cliffhanger. The bad news is that I won't be updating this until December. I just needed to get the idea off of my head. It's been taking up space in there and I need the space. Anyway, leave a review if you like or hate it, like I said, a review always helps. Until then, take care.