Artemis knew her stamina wasn't this weak. Something was weakening her and she needed to find out what. Real World "You need help of waking someone up?" Hecate asked. "Why? That's like one of the easiest things to do in this world," "Not this time," Percy said. "The Olympians are trapped in a dream world and whenever I try to wake them up, they looked like they were being tortured mentally." Hecate leaned back on her office chair and crossed her legs. She looked like a gypsy fortune teller with her getup, but Percy wasn't going to tell her that. "I do have one thing that could wake even someone in their deepest slumber," Hecate said. "But I only have enough for one person. It would take me another decade to make another one, so use it wisely." "Thank you, Hecate," "But," Hecate stopped him. "I believe I deserve some payment for such a big favour," "And what kind of payment will you ask for?" "Ask me later, after you've completed your task," Hecate said with a glimmer of hope in her eyes. Percy wondered what that was about, but he just nodded. Hecate handed him a vial of light blue liquid that shimmered its own light. "Remember, make sure they drink the whole thing," "Thank you, Hecate," Percy said before flashing towards the campsite of the Hunt. The hunters were surprised and jumped into action when Percy flashed in, but when they noticed it was Percy, they calmed down. "Percy," A hunter called. She was around sixteen and looked very much like Artemis, but instead of auburn hair, her hair was brown with streaks of purple. Her name was Cecil. "Did you find out anything?" "I'll tell you about it later," Percy nodded. "Where's Artemis?" "She's in her tent," Cecil said. "She seems to be getting worse by the hour," Percy rushed towards Artemis's tent. Cecil was right. Artemis was now deathly pale and her body was shivering. Percy wasted no time in taking out that vial and forcing it down Artemis's throat. He waited for one second, another second . . . Artemis coughed and her eyes fluttered open. "Thank gods," Percy hugged her closely. The hunters sighed in relief to see their mistress finally waking up. "P-Percy," Her teeth chattered. Percy noticed that she was unbelievably cold. "I'm cold," Percy grabbed a blanked and wrapped it around her as he cuddled closer with her, sharing his body warmth. "It's okay, I'm here now. You're awake now." Percy gave a meaningful look at the hunters and they left Percy and Artemis alone. "I had a nightmare," Artemis explained. She finally stopped shivering and her temperature had risen, but she was still cold. She cuddled closer with Percy, enjoying her warmth. "I was back in Delos, fighting Python," "You mean the snake?" "Dragon," Artemis whispered. "I couldn't beat it. I hid in the forest for hours, shivering from the cold. But it found me. It would've eaten me if you hadn't . . ." She started to sob. "Hey, it's okay," Percy said soothingly. "It's just a nightmare, right? You're awake now." Artemis sniffed a few times before she wiped her eyes. "Gods, I'm so childish. I can't believe I let a dream scare me," Artemis didn't want to cry in front of Percy because she didn't want him to see how weak she was right now. "Hey, none of us are perfect," Percy said. That made Artemis feel a bit better. "What are you doing here?" Artemis asked, resting her head on Percy's chest, enjoying the comfort in his presence. "Shouldn't you be up in Olympus?" Percy sighed. "I've got some bad news." "What is it?" "The Olympian council, they're asleep," Artemis frowned. "That's not really a bad news," "That wasn't it," Percy said. "The bad news is that they're trapped in a dream, like you," Artemis stared at him with confusion. "Trapped in a dream?" Percy nodded. "They're asleep and trapped in Morpheus's realm, and they can't wake up unless they exit the dream." "Well, let's just wake them up like you did with me," "That won't be possible," Percy said. "When you try to wake them up, they'll start thrashing and moving around, making it impossible. I woke you up with a potion that Hecate gave me, but that was the only one she had," "Then make some more of that potion," "That would take ten more years and we can't take that long," Percy said. "I've talked to Hypnos and he said that he didn't do it. Whether or not Morpheus is the one to blame, we still need to talk to him," Artemis nodded. "Morpheus hides himself well. Even I don't know where he is," "Hermes is awake. He's trying to track down the God of Dreams, to see if he could find him." "I guess we better help him," Artemis said. Before leaving the bed, Artemis gave Percy a long and passionate kiss. "Thanks for waking me up," "You know, if you're going to reward me every time I wake you up, I'll be happy to be your personal alarm clock," Percy joked. "Don't push it," Artemis smirked. Well, at least now they're progressing. A/N: Huh, I know you guys are gonna be like wtf? But hey, I can update when I want. So, like I promised, Sophia (Percy's daughter) will play a huge role in this so just stay tuned. This is just the beginning of things, and then shit will hit the fan fast. I haven't seen a thing about Morpheus's realm, so I thought I'd write about it. So get ready guys, we're going to take an adventure into dreaming! . . . That was weird. I swear I'll never do that again. Anyway, I hoped you liked it, leave a review if you like or hate it, like I said, a review always helps. Until then, take care. P/S: As you're reading this, I'm currently shitting in the toilet.