caught it and tossed it aside. "I told you, I'm not lying." Percy said. Enraged, Artemis tried to fire another one but Thalia stopped her. "That's enough, Milady." Thalia said. "The others are hurt. Why don't we talk about this after we tend to our own wounds and set up camp and then go back to kill each other," Artemis glared at Percy, who met her eyes with his own glare. Reluctantly, Artemis agreed. It didn't take long for the hunters to set up their camp. Partly because there were only a few of their hunters remained. Percy remembered. Before, they had like fifty or sixty hunters. Now, there was only twenty of them, maybe even less. Everyone looked tired so they crashed in immediately. Artemis, Thalia and Percy sat near the campfire. Artemis was still miffed about the fact that he had caught an arrow that she'd fired literally at point blank range. Thalia eyed at the stranger. She had the strangest feeling of deja vu. "So, where are you from?" "Nowhere," Percy answered almost instantly. "It's none of your concern." "You will do well to answer my lieutenant's question." Artemis warned. "I did. It really is none of your concern." Artemis's hand trembled with rage. This boy is so disrespectful . It's not like he didn't know who she is. If he knew who she was, then he knew better than to mess with her, a goddess. "Don't be rude, Percy. Your name's Percy, right?" Percy nodded. "I know who you are." "Then you know better than to disrespect a goddess," Artemis snarled. "It would take no effort to turn you into a shrub," To her surprise, Percy snickered. "Heard that before from all of the Olympians. It's grown old. You can try if you like. I won't do a thing," Percy challenged. Artemis glared at him before snapping her fingers. She lost her patience and was going to turn Percy into a cockroach, but it didn't happen. Percy was still there, annoyingly. "Why didn't my powers work on you?" Artemis growled. "When you've lived long and seen enough of the world like I have, you're bound to know a few tricks unknown to a god," Percy said with a smile. "Who are you, seriously?" Thalia asked, hoping to change the subject. "I told you, I'm Percy Jackson," Percy said, but there was a slight different tone in his voice. Was it resentment? Or maybe guilt? Thalia couldn't recognize. "Why did you save us?" "Happen to pass by," Percy said, brushing the dirt off of his clothes. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'll be going now," "Where do you think you're going?" Artemis asked as Percy stood up. "None of your business," Percy said as he pulled his hood over his head. The hood was perfectly made so that the shadows would cover everything except for the bottom half of his face. "I would say see you around, but I really don't want to," "Why?" Thalia asked. "Because I've already served Olympus enough for one lifetime," Percy said in a dark tone. "That's ridiculous," Artemis said. "I have not seen you ever in my life. If you have served Olympus, I think I would remember you." Percy chuckled. "It's surprising how effective dust made out of Lethe is." He started to walk away. "Until we meet again," As he trudged further and further into the woods, the darkness seem to swallow him. "Do you know who that is, Lady Artemis?" Thalia asked. Artemis shook her head. "If it was any demigod that fought in the Manhattan War, or the war with Gaia, I think I would know him. But his face doesn't seem familiar. "Let's just get some rest," Thalia said. "I have a feeling we'll see him again very soon," Line Break "There you are," Percy said as he picked up a rectangular mirror from the ground. The mirror looked like any other mirror with the length and width of a brick. The mirror was the reason why he was here in the first place. In the hands of a mortal, the mirror would be nothing than a normal mirror. But in the hands of the right person, it's like having your own satellite. You can find anyone anywhere in the world. For a limited amount of time, you can also teleport to that location, but only once for every few hours. Percy wondered to himself how it worked. "Show me Annabeth Chase," Percy said to the mirror. The mirror's surface shimmered, showing the scenery of Mount Olympus. Annabeth was standing in one of the gardens, overseeing a renovation project. Percy knew she had been made the official architect of Olympus since the Titan War. She was just as beautiful as she remembered. Her blond hair was now dyed in black for some odd reason and had grown longer, but it was still the same Annabeth that Percy loved. A lump formed in his throat, holding back a sob. It's been a year since that incident and he missed her every single moment. Every second away from her had been killing him slowly. Have you retrieved the relic, Perseus? avoice said in his head. He took a deep breath before cutting the connection in the mirror. "Yes, I've got it in my hand." Are you looking at the girl again, Perseus? "Yeah. I need to see her from time to time. You pulled me away from her, remember?" Well, I needed your- "Yeah, yeah, you needed my help," Percy muttered. "I just don't understand why you have to wipe everyone's memories." It's for the best. They were going to search for you if you went missing, and it'll only interfere with your duty. "Whatever you say, Gaia," A/N: There you go. My first chapter. Was it good? I hope you liked it. Please give constructive criticism as I'm trying to constantly improve my writing. Not flames, please. Anyway, I hope you guys like it. Ai, signing off.