if he was even alive. Piper tried comforting her, but even he was in a state of shock. "What happened?" Reyna asked. "He escaped," Hestia said. "Right now, the gods are on a manhunt, trying to find Percy, but they could barely track him down." "So, you're telling me," Hestia nodded. "He's alive, and he might be looking for you." Line Break Six, freaking, years. That was how long Percy was trapped in that hell hole. With every moment that passed by, he was beat up, tortured and maimed by the monsters there. He couldn't die in Tartarus, so it was that much more painful. But every second that passed, Percy never stopped thinking about Annabeth. The very thought of her was what keeping him alive. He wanted nothing more than to return to her and tell her how much he loved her. He never knew if Annabeth and the others made it out safely, but if he found out that Annabeth is dead, he was going to be seriously pissed. One day, on August eighteenth, after six years, Percy found the chance he needed. Either it was the sulfurous air of Tartarus, or just really crappy chains but either way, the chains bounding Percy got weaker. Using Nyx's blessing, Percy tried flying out to break the chains. The chain rattled as he tried to break free, but to no avail. He wasn't as strong as he was because of the constant attacks that he had. With one final effort, he screamed with a voice that could be heard all across Tartarus. The chains snapped after six years and Percy immediately flew out of Tartarus. He was finally free. Percy got to the outside world and surprisingly, popped out in New York. He never knew that some of the sewers held the entrance to Tartarus, but hey, it's New York. Even if it was the sewers, Percy felt good being back in the world. After seeing nothing but horrific rocky plains of Tartarus for the past six years, seeing the modern city came as a surprise to Percy. "Annabeth, I'm coming," Percy muttered. "Nyx, if you're out there somewhere, help me out." Percy heard a chuckle echoing in his head. Is the Hero of Olympus asking for my help? The title 'Hero of Olympus' brought a bad taste to his mouth. "Yeah, yeah," Percy muttered back to Nyx. "Can you help me?" Only if you ask nicely, Nyx said in my head. I rolled my eyes. "Can you please help me find her?" Percy said. If he hadn't known any better, he'll think that he's going crazy, talking to himself in the sewers. In fact, he might be crazy. Aw, that's sweet of you, Nyx said. Percy never knew that there was this side of Nyx, but then again, there's always a first for everything. If you get out of the sewers, you'll probably find her. "You're gonna have to be more specific than that," Percy grumbled. "Maybe a map or even a GPS location would be helpful." Percy made his way out of the sewers. With his luck, people would see him as a homeless beggar from the underground world of New York. It's not like that's something uncommon, but Percy would've prefer a more amazing approach. In ten seconds, you will see a hellhound barreling towards you in front of you, Nyx said. Then, you will meet her. "Are you for real?" Percy said. On cue, Percy saw a black mass of fur the size of a truck running towards him, jaws at the ready to eat him. The hellhound was really big. It might be eight or five seconds, who knows, Nyx said. Percy rolled his eyes as he uncapped Riptide. After six years of staying out of combat, he didn't expect the hellhound to be an easy fight. But Percy took it down easily as he slashed at the snout of the canine and it recoiled back. The hellhound snarled at Percy, circling him. He didn't know why there were no cars swerving around the road or no one was screaming for help, but Percy wasn't paying too much attention to it. The hellhound pounced at him. Percy rolled out of the way and made an upward arc towards its ribs. The monster howled in pain as it crumbled into golden dust. "Huh," Percy muttered. "I thought that would be harder," It would be if I hadn't been helping you, Nyx said. "Percy?" A voice said behind him. He turned around to see his old friends, all good and in one piece. What brought joy to his heart the most was Annabeth, and how good she looked. It felt like millions of years since he'd last saw her. "Hey," Percy managed and gave them one of his most famous grin. Annabeth didn't say much as she surged forward and wrapped her arms around Percy tightly. Percy hugged her back. It's been a while since Percy had felt this happy. Tears of joy were evident in his face. The others also went over and embraced their long lost friend. "I came back, didn't I?" "You're late," Annabeth said, barely holding back her tears. "But at least you did came back," "Way to go, Kelp Head," Thalia grinned. She was also in tears. "Well, we'll talk about that later," Jason said. "We need to head home first, and Percy smells like he had been travelling in the sewers. A/N: Please, no flames. It's unlike anything I've ever written before, so it might suck. I don't freaking know. It was a pretty intense first chapter, that I gotta say. Don't worry, the plot will be laid out in the next one. Consider this my version of how Blood Of Olympus ended (though I haven't read the book yet, so no spoilers please!). It should summarise everything well though. So, leave a review if you liked or hate it, like I said a review always helps. Until then, take care.