as she started sobbing and punching and laughing at him all at the same time. Leo laughed with him and all made it very real to Hazel. Leo was back and it was for real. Not a dream or a figment of her imagination. Then they sat there and talked. Catching up on everything they had missed. Leo told Hazel stories about his adventures with Festus and Calypso and Hazel told Leo stories about going back and forth from Camp Jupiter to camp Half Blood. He told her of the many things he discovered and the inventions he had made. She told him about the Greeks and the Romans and Ella and the work on the Sibylline books. They talked for hours until they noticed that the sun has set and the mess hall was now being filled with legionnaires. They both decided to go find another place to continue their conversation. They went out to the valley where Festus had landed. Festus wasn't there anymore, but Hazel knew that the bronze dragon was near, flying around randomly spewing fire to make friends with unsuspecting birds. They walked around and it wasn't until two hours later that they decided to stop and lay down on the grass at the Garden of Bacchus "I'm happy you found Calypso. You deserve someone that will make you truly happy." The both of them lay side by side and looked up the stars. Hazel traced the constellations with her hand and Leo's eyes followed the motions of her fingers. "She's great. I guess the seventh wheel turned out to be a good thing." Leo said. "You were never a seventh wheel, Leo. Not for me you weren't." Hazel said. Leo turned his head to look at her and she did the same. She gave him a half smile and looked back at the stars. "There was a time, and I'm only saying this because it doesn't matter anymore anyway, that I was completely in love with you, Leo Valdez." Leo suddenly sat up, his eyes widening at the revelation. "Really?" he asked and Hazel propped herself up on her elbows and nodded. "When?" Hazel racked her head. She had thought about it for weeks after they all thought Leo died, and she never really got a specific answer but now she did. "I never realized what I felt for you until you were gone. I was devastated. I thought about you every night days prior to the war until I accepted you were gone but while I was spiraling down, I remembered the time when I first fell for you. At first, I thought it was during the Shrimpzilla attack, back when we first found out that Sammy was your great grandfather. Or the times you called me pretty or made me laugh. But I realized it wasn't what you did with me, it was what you were prepared to do for others." She looked at Leo who was still listening intently. "It was when you offered to exchange the fortune cookie to save Nico's life." She said and Leo muttered an 'ah' sound. "You were so willing to give up that fortune cookie for my brother even though I was still a complete stranger to you back then. Even if it meant you had to pay a price for it." For a still moment , they both said nothing. The silence filled the air but it wasn't the awkward kind of silence. The two of them both smiled at each other remembering those precious moments, the moments that strengthen the bond that they had. "It helped that I was head over heels for you during that time even when you weren't completely aware." Leo said nonchalantly. If Hazel was willing to admit her past feelings for him and be okay with it, then he should too. "Trust me, you were pretty obvious." Hazel said jokingly. "But looking at you when you said it, I knew that it wasn't just because you liked me. You're really just a good guy, Leo. It's kinda annoying really." Hazel's eyes turned luminous in the moonlight. Her smile never faltered and Leo took it in. If this happened nine months ago, Leo would have sworn he would have heart attack but now with Calypso in his life, it was just like coming back home. He should have felt shock and maybe a little pity. The first girl he ever fell in love with was in love with him too, but they had really sucktastic timing. The Fates were cruel, Calypso had often said. But Leo knew that no matter how cruel those old hags were and how complicated they knit their threads, it always was for a reason. The universe was a machine. Whatever feelings they had for each other that went amiss, it was so they could be like this. Best friends. And Leo didn't complain. "Maybe in an alternate universe, Levesque." Leo had said. Hazel decided to fully sit up, her shoulders nudging Leo a little. She leaned her head on Leo's shoulders and sighed. "I love you, Leo Valdez." She had said but the tone was not at all romantic but rather platonic. Like how a sister would tell her brother. The time for romanticism had past, and they let it slip away. They were in love with each other just not at the same time, now they just loved each other because they were both in love just with two different people. "I love you too, Hazel Levesque." Author's Note: It was a little off canon but I thought it needed to be said. Leo and Hazel is my life. I hope to Olympus that Uncle Rick finds it in his heart to give this two a chance, but until then... Please leave a review, tell me if you hated it or nah. I might be writing more for this archive. But that depends on you guys. Love you all. Gods bless you! -A