sadder day; Poseidon barely had any rest in finding his son, and same goes for his mother, Sally Jackson, a sweet lady, married to a guy named Paul, one of the few males Artemis could tolerate with. Sally was sad, and had been searching for Percy and never gave up. When everyone asked Hades if Percy was dead, he shook his head. Camp Half-Blood isn't any better. Since Percy left, everyone was sad. The new demigods that arrived were always cocky, always tried to make their name in camp. The older campers had backed down, thanks to Chiron. He was trying hard to avoid conflict, though he looked like he wanted to put an arrow in one of the newer campers himself. The last time the Hunt has been in there, Artemis herself had to interfere to avoid bloodbath between the new campers and the hunters. "Percy, I saw him . . . I swear I saw him." Thalia said as she sobbed into Artemis' shoulder. "We'll find him, sister." Artemis promised, though she wasn't so sure. Percy's POV When the sun had finally risen and it was early morning, Percy walked around the forest to find a new campsite. His sword was sheathed on his back. He tried to sniff for any scent or smell of any source of water, but no such luck. Percy trudged around the forest, trying to find another place for him to rest. Then, Percy noticed a cave at the side of a hill. Percy shrugged and entered the cave. He had no source of light, so he had no plans on exploring the cave more than he had to. He rested himself for a bit in the cave. Percy still hadn't gotten over his meeting with Thalia. "Fucking daylight . . ." a familiar voice groaned. Percy draw his sword and faced himself deeper into the cave. "Who's there?" Percy asked. Percy heard footsteps heading towards him, getting closer and closer. "Well, well, there's a familiar face." A female's voice said. It was the girl that Percy had saved last night. So, she was also hiding in this cave. For a seven year old, she's pretty resourceful. "Oh, it's you. What's your name again?" Percy asked as he put away his sword. "It's Tiarana, but you can call me Tia." She said as she jumped happily. "I'm so happy to see you again. I missed you. Where've you been?" For a resourceful girl, she's pretty childish. "I was busy." Percy said which was kind of true. "Can you, um, come closer?" Tia said. "Why?" "Because you're in the sun." "So?" "I, uh, can't handle the sun." Percy frowned. He took a step closer to her, into the shadows. Percy felt her hugging his leg. "Thank you mister, for saving me." "It's okay, kiddo." Percy ruffled the hair of the young child. She looked up to Percy and smiled. Percy could see the tiny fangs in her teeth. Her pink hair was all the way to her waist and her purple eyes were, um, dazzling and yet at the same time hypnotizing, and not in a good way. "Hey, mister?" "There's no need to call me mister, Tia." Percy pointed out. "My name is Percy Jackson. You can call me Percy." "Per-cy Ja-son." Tia tried to pronounce my name. I chuckled a bit and shook my head. "It's not Jason, its Jackson." "Jack-son." Tia said as she showed her smile again. Then, Percy's nose caught a scent. It smells like an animal and probably a huge one. "Tia, get behind me." Percy said as he took his sword out. Percy heard some kind of deep growling coming from within the cave. It was a bear. A huge bear, easily twice the size of Percy. "Tia, I need you to- Tia?" Percy glanced over to where Tia was standing behind him. At first, Percy thought she would be hiding and cowering in fear. Instead, she stared at the beast hungrily while baring its fangs. Her purple eyes glowed menacingly dangerous. "Tia, are you-" Before Percy could finish his sentence, Tia advanced in super speed and snapped the neck of the bear in one quick move. Percy's jaw dropped. He was astonished that a seven year old girl could do that to a full grown bear. She had super speed and now super strength? It wasn't supposed to be that surprising because she told Percy that she killed a few men before but it still managed to surprise Percy. Then, came the disgusting part. Right in front of Percy's eyes, Tia buried her fangs into the neck of the beast. Percy's eyes widened and would've gagged and barfed if he wasn't so confused right now. "Whoa! Whoa! Hang on there Tia. That's not- ugh, that's gross!" Percy said as he held his sword up. What is this girl? "What? I'm hungry." Tia said. "Besides, I'm not eating it. I'm, drinking." "Drinking?" If possible, Percy was about to be more sick. She was drinking the blood of the bear. This girl is weird. But, Percy remembered something. He tried to put the puzzle together. Superhuman speed and strength, menacing eyes, can't handle the sun, drinks blood . . . Oh shit. She's a fucking vampire. A/N: Ta-da! How was it? I've decided to mix the world of PJO into the world's most popular myths and legends aside from Greek stuff. I don't know if you like it or not, but I will update another chapter of this before I continue on with the star fanfic. I know it's too early and you're probably doubting if I could ever manage two fanfics at the same time, but I'll improvise. Anyway, leave a review if you like or hate it, like I said, a review always helps. P/S: The pairing hasn't been decided yet but I'm guessing from what you all just read, I know that you know it won't be a Percabeth fanfic. So, decide and fire away.