cheesy. But really, don't think about the what-ifs. Just don't. He and Piper were sitting in a ski lift, their sides pressed together and their ski-clad feet swinging in the wind. She turned to him. "Hey, you okay? You look nervous." Crap. She noticed. "Oh—uh—it's nothing, really." She raised an eyebrow. That was the problem with dating a daughter of Aphrodite; she could almost read his emotions. He'd actually asked her once if she could read emotions— like a satyr— but she'd laughed and shook her head. No, not really, she'd said. I'm just more perceptive of emotions than the average person, but I can't really read them like satyrs can. Luckily, Piper didn't interrogate him. He doubted he could keep his plan a secret if she did. Most of the time she didn't even have to use charmspeak, instead she just looked at him with those beautiful— not to mention super distracting—kaleidoscopic eyes and he always caved in. They reached the top of the slope and got off the ski lift to make their next run down the ski slope. Skiing is fun, Jason thought. He and Piper had spent all day racing down the various slopes of the mountain. But it was getting late, and this would be their last run of the day. Then they'd go back to the remote campsite to watch the sunset—they had a great view to the west there, over the mountains. And that was when Jason would put his plan into action. Unless he lost his nerve, that is. February 15, 7:12 PM. They were sitting in the snow outside their tent, watching the sky turn a billion shades of orange and purple with a few streaks of red on the horizon right around the brilliance that was Apollo. But right now, Jason thought that even his cousin couldn't compare to his girlfriend's radiance. Piper's eyes contained even more colors than the sky. Her skin looked like it was turning to gold Midas-style…no, he was not going to think about Midas right now. Bad Jason, very bad Jason. She turned to him. "Why are you so jittery today?" Time for Jason momentarily stopped. He looked up at the sky. Orange and purple, he realized. Greek and Roman. A billion shades of orange and purple. Two colors that normally don't go together, yet today they're in perfect harmony. Greeks and Romans don't usually find happiness together, and yet here we are. Now was the perfect moment. He could almost feel the small box getting heavier in his pocket. Time returned to it's normal speed. Instead of answering Piper, he shifted so that he was on one knee in the snow, facing her, but not blocking her view of the sunset. Piper was confused at this point. She turned so that she was looking at him face-on. What was he doing? And why hadn't he answered her question? He locked eyes with her. Gods, she could get lost in those piercing blue orbs. And she had, on more than one occasion. It was so annoying when she was trying to spar with him. Though, she suspected that he had the same problem with her eyes. Jason reached into his pocket and pulled out a small object. Without breaking eye contact, he opened it and held it up. It was a small wooden box, wrapped in red-brown leather. And inside…Piper suddenly couldn't breathe. Realization dawned on her. The ring was very simple— rose gold, with no etchings. It was shaped into a tree-branch-like pattern around the dark red garnet stone. The stone was unpolished, rough, like it was straight from the mine. Overall, the ring wasslightly imperfect, rough around the edges— it definitely looked handmade, not machine-made. In other words, it was just right. Piper looked back up at Jason, tears forming in her eyes. But before she could say anything, Jason began speaking. "Look, I know we're both young. But it's a fact of our…well, peculiar life that we might not live to get old, so we need to make the most of our time. And I know that it's uncommon— well, basically unheard of, actually— for Greeks and Romans to find happiness together. But I for one don't care what people think. You saved my butt from Khione and the Boreads, both on our first quest and when they attacked the Argo II. And— er— you made me realize that breaking the rules maybe wasn't so bad. Piper, I—I love you from the deepest, darkest corners of my heart." "So… will you—" Piper didn't even let him finish. She lunged forward and threw her arms around him, burying her face in Jason's coat. She could hear his heartbeat, and she wasn't a daughter of Apollo but it seemed like his heart was going much faster than was normal. Tears of joy spilled from her eyes, and she let loose a weird sort of noise that sounded like a sob and a laugh had a baby. She lifted her head to look Jason in the eye again. He was staring at her with a rather amusing deer-in-headlights expression, which was quickly changing to a strange kind of confused hope. She punched him in the chest. "Of course I'll marry you, idiot!" February 28, 1:04 PM "…And that, guys, is what happened. Happy now?" Piper and Jason were sitting on Piper's bunk in Cabin Ten with stupid grins on their faces. When they'd walked into Camp Half-Blood, her cabinmates had immediately noticed the rings and wasted no time kidnapping the two lovers, dragging them to Cabin Ten, and hounding them for every little detail. Piper had no doubt that the story would be all over camp within an hour. The Aphrodite campers cheered so loudly that the sound probably woke up coma patients in Croatia. Even Drew was applauding. You know, Piper thought as she smiled and leaned her head on Jason's shoulder, for all it's dangerous quirks, maybe being a demigod isn't so bad.