groaned as he rolled off his bed and onto his feet. A glance at the clock told him that it was already early afternoon—the result of staying up until the early hours of the morning. He quickly threw on some pants and a shirt as the knocking became more impatient and louder. Nico threw the door open to reveal Will Solace, who looked both worried and upset. Nico blinked blearily into the bright light of the afternoon. "Gods, Will, what's wrong?" He blinked as he took in Will's attire. "Also, what the hell are you wearing?" Will huffed, glancing down at his knitted red and green Christmas sweater with reindeer prancing around on it. "First of all, it was a gift from my dear mother, so don't you dare say anything bad about it. Second of all, I did not come here to discuss my clothes!" Nico raised a brow at Will's steadily growing anger. "Sure, sure. So why are you here? And why are you knocking so loudly?" Will glared. "I thought you had left without saying goodbye," he said simply. His voice tried to relay nonchalance but there was an undertone of hurt. "You didn't come to breakfast and you just missed lunch, so I figured you had left already, but then I talked to the patrol guards and they said they hadn't seen you. So I got worried." Will blushed. Nico blinked at his story. He stared at Will for a second before a smile broke out on his face and he chuckled. He gave a fake cough to cover his laugh, causing Will to glare at him. "It's not funny," Will insisted, crossing his arms across his chest. Nico gave another chuckle. "A little bit." He smiled genuinely then. "You shouldn't worry, Will. This is basically a routine retrieval. A-and besides, I wouldn't leave without saying goodbye," he added on, stuttering. Will frowned. "I know, but…it's in my nature to worry. I'd be more than happy to accompany you…?" Nico shook his head. "It's not necessary. The hardest part is finding the ghosts. Everything else is for me to take care of." Nico gave him a reassuring smile. "You don't have to worry about me." Will didn't seem happy with this answer. He turned to the side, grumbling under his breath. Finally, he muttered, "Fine. But I'm coming to see you off." The dark-haired boy smirked. "Sure thing." Will waited outside as Nico got ready. When the boy exited the cabin, he was dressed in dark jeans and a gray thermal, his black coat hanging open. His dark hair was still tousled from sleeping and he yawned loudly as the two began their walk to the top of Half-Blood Hill. "So, your mother made that for you?" Nico asked conversationally, raising a brow at the sweater. "Yup," Will replied happily. "She knew who Dad was and has been pretty supportive of the whole 'demigod' thing. She sends me things all the time." Nico nodded. "Good. I'm happy for you." And that was the truth. Not all parents were supportive of their demigod children like Sally Jackson or Will's mom. Take Annabeth's dad, for example. Not that he was unsupportive, but he wasn't exactly welcoming either (though maybe that had something to do with his current wife). "What about you?" Will asked apprehensively. "Is your mom…do you talk to her?" In truth, Nico hardly remembered his mother, Maria di Angelo. He knew she was of Italian descent and that she too had dark hair, but that was about it. It was strange for Nico to think that he had been born decades earlier, but because of his time spent in that wretched casino, he hadn't aged a day until being let out. To think, even though his body was only fifteen, he was technically more like fifty or sixty. Nico bristled at the thought, grimacing. Ugh, that was creepy to think about. "I never really knew her," Nico replied, pushing those disturbing thoughts out of his mind. "She died a long time ago." "Oh," Will muttered. "Sorry." "It's fine." Nico wasn't sure if he should tell Will his true history. At least, not yet. He would see how much Will knew, but if his question were any indicator, Nico would guess he didn't know much. The pair arrived at the top of Half-Blood Hill, near Thalia's tree. They could see the patrol guards strolling along the bottom of the hill, chattering back and forth. Nico turned to Will. "Well, I'm off. If things go smoothly, I'll be back by morning." Will grimaced. "'If things go smoothly'?" Nico sighed. Will was seriously worrying about nothing. "I'll be fine. I'll be back before you know it." He gave a two-fingered salute and took two steps before Will called his name. "Nico…" he said, standing before the dark-haired boy. He was staring at the buttons on Nico's coat, biting his bottom lip. Nico sighed and was about to give him the whole spiel again about this being routine, everything would be fine, etc. However, before Nico could even blink, Will had his arms wrapped around his neck, holding him tightly. Two heartbeats later and Nico's blank mind finally landed on a sole thought: Will is hugging me. He swallowed against the dryness in his throat and tried to calm his pounding heart as he returned the hug. His arms wound around Will's torso. It wasn't romantic or sensuous, but Nico felt safe and warm in Will's embrace. He hugged Will just a little bit closer. " Please be careful," Will mumbled, pulling back slightly to look into Nico's eyes. In a sort of daze, Nico nodded. Will pulled back, waving as Nico turned around and descended Half-Blood Hill, a goofy smile on his face. This was originally supposed to be a one-shot, but of course, it turned into something a little longer. I'll post the final installment either late tonight or sometime tomorrow. Thanks for reading and review please! -AC