didn't mean to scared Hermes I was just warning him. Poseidon is very protective of his children, especially his only demigod child. He can also be very jealous of other Gods in Perseus's life and tends to threaten many of them. Because of that he never lets Apollo be alone with Perseus in a secluded environment, fates know what Apollo would do. If he could, he would never let anyone be in a relationship with Perseus. He doesn't even like Annabeth. You think Athena's the only overprotective parent who threatens their rivals child because they show an interest in their own. No. Poseidon visited Annabeth in a dream and warned her if she even made Perseus frown, the seas would drown her. It was amusing to see Annabeth terrified of going near water after that experience. Yet, Perseus still walks by libraries without breaking into a sweat. Just like with Perseus, no one other than the Gods knew about the encounter, Hermes was agreeing with Poseidon about his warning. While Apollo sarcastically replied about giving him the "Most Overprotective Parent" award. Athena was fuming until she was reminded that she threaten Perseus right after the war. Then she just walked away. I smiled at the memory, it was one of the moments that we had been laughing together as a family. Well excluding Athena. "Whats got you smiling?" I turned to the smug voice. Seeing my husband leaning against the wall with a loving smirk on his face. Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface CHIRON I The air was gloomy. The sun seemed depressed as if it had lost someone important to it. I gazed at the supposedly radiant sanctuary that was supposed to be very jocular. Instead, I saw an atmosphere full of melancholy . I sighed, it has almost been a month since his favourite student had vanished during the night. Like as if he was never there in the first place. It didn't make sense to me, right after the campfire Percy and Annabeth both said their loving goodbyes and went to their respected cabin. In the morning, Percy was not seen at breakfast. Dismissing the fact for oversleeping everyone went on with their day. It wasn't until we heard Annabeth's scream from the Poseidon cabin that the situation was given the proper attention it was needed. I dropped whatever I was working on and raced to the Poseidon cabin. Part of me hoped that Annabeth hadn't been vapourized by Poseidon for going into his cabin, or Gods forbid , dating Percy. When I had finally arrived at the Poseidon cabin there was already many campers crowding around the cabin, when I got closer Annabeth came running to me. "He's gone!" she wailed. I was taken back by the outburst, but I manage to comfort the child. "What do you mean he's gone, child?" I asked. She had tears streamed down her face and kept whimpering. "Percy's gone, his cabin is empty and he's nowhere to be seen." I look up to see Clarisse with a frown on her face. I handed Annabeth to her half-brother, Malcolm, and walked into the Poseidon cabin. This is where nothing made sense. Everything was exactly the same as it always was, there were no signs of struggling, around the cabin and other than the missing sea prince nothing seemed out of the ordinary. It's as if he vanished into thin air. At first many thought he went home to visit his mother, Sally Jackson. If he did, that meant sneaking out without being detected by either the harpies, satyrs, or I. Percy was very skilled and unpredictable and very surprising at times, but he could not leave camp that easily, but many stuck with that answer. When Annabeth tried to Iris message him all that came was "The person that you're calling is unreachable right now, please try again later,". We, Iris messaged Percy's mother; Sally Jackson, to asked if Percy was with her. Everyone started getting worried when the answer was no. Now, it's almost been a month since Percy's disappearance, Nico has gone out to search for Percy and comes back every 5 days to rest and restock. He seems to be gloomier than before. Annabeth has been asking Rachel; our new oracle, for a prophecy to go on a quest. Sadly the spirit of Delphi does not feel it is right for a quest. Along with Annabeth, many of the other campers are feeling melancholy, the sing-alongs end up being canceled because no feels like singing. Just to rub salt in the wound a week after Percy's disappearance, Zeus called the Gods back and closed Olympus and ceased contact with everyone, that includes Dionysus. Although it may seem that the campers would be happy of his absence, you could tell that they missed him, especially Pollux. But, their anger must be directed somewhere, I hear many campers grumbling about The Gods. I don't know what exactly, but it doesn't seem pleasant. They still sacrifice food to them at the camp out, they didn't want to make the Gods angry. I sighed. Camp right now was not somewhere new demigods wanted to be. New campers still get claimed, but that's all the sign we get from the Gods. Either way, the new ones were added to the depression as if it was a disease. Annabeth stays closed off from everyone else these days. Poor child, this was mostly hard on her. Last, I heard about Thalia she and the hunters were trying to find Percy. She comes to camp every week for a day to comfort Annabeth, promising that Percy would be found. But, then has to leave to return to the hunt. Everything that has happened has taken a toll on everyone. I myself miss Percy and the times when Camp Halfblood was normal and cheerful. It's been lonely without Dionysus to play cards with and exchange stories. I miss the good old days. I pray that Percy is safe and sound.