move. Annabeth ran a hand through his hair and he appreciated the comfort. Will moved as if he was going to leave, but at seeing the couple struggling with the news, Will felt sympathetic and said, "You know, it might not be a bad idea to spend the week out there with Nico. I think…I think she'd appreciate that." He gave them a final, warm smile and then trudged back up to Camp. Percy had decided to follow Will's advice, and asked Annabeth to accompany him, to which she gladly complied. She asked Will if he wanted to come, but he politely declined, stating, "I didn't know Reyna very well, but I knew that she was important to Nico. This is his time to grieve, and I don't want to impose. Just…make sure he's okay. Don't let him do anything stupid." With a small smile, Annabeth promised they would. With those words, she could clearly see why he and Nico got along so well. The couple loaded up on Blackjack and flew out to California, Annabeth clutching to Percy the entire way (she wasn't afraid of flying, but she wasn't keen on the idea of falling to her death). Upon arriving at the Roman camp, Nico greeted the pair with a solemn demeanor. Annabeth threw her arms around the younger boy, who stiffly returned her hug. Dark shadows lingered under his bloodshot eyes (no doubt from crying). It was no secret to Percy that the boy had been close to Reyna. "How are you holding up?" Percy asked him quietly, walking alongside him as Annabeth followed. They were headed towards the main part of the camp where there would be a small ceremony. Nico grunted. "I'm fine," he said, unconvincingly. "It's just…hard." Percy nodded. "I know. It—It gets easier." The younger boy raised an eyebrow at Percy. "Does it?" A sigh. "No. No, it doesn't. But you learn to live with it." Nico gave a derisive noise, a bitter expression clouding his face. "I have a hard time believing that." Before Percy could reply, Nico upped his pace—since when had he gotten so tall and lanky?—and rushed ahead to their destination. Percy frowned at the son of Hades, watching his slouched back pace away. Annabeth joined Percy's side, looping her arm around his. She, too, was frowning. "He'll be okay," she mumbled. "Just give him some time." The ceremony was small, as per Reyna's dying wishes, and afterwards, everyone joined in the dining hall for food and drinks. Percy and Annabeth had joined up with Frank and Hazel, with Nico sitting at the edge of their table, not quite joining them but not shutting them out completely. Hazel seemed worried about her brother, glancing at him not-so-discreetly. Eventually, Nico picked up on her glances and threw her a mild glare, saying, "I'm fine . Would you stop worrying already?" He'd stomped away after that, and the next day they had found him passed out against a tree, a few fawns rummaging through his pockets, no doubt looking for food or money. Percy shooed them away with threats, glaring at them. When they dispersed, Percy crouched next to his friend and shook him awake. Blinking against the light, Nico stared up at Percy, somewhat confused. "Where am I?" "Outside. You must have passed out from exhaustion." "Oh." That was all he said, and when he made no indication of standing up, Percy plopped down beside Nico, pulling his knees up to his chest. They stared out at the hills, clouds dotting the blue sky. A light breeze blew through, rustling their hair. "I think Will was worried about you," Percy muttered. Nico grunted. "I know." A side glance. "Should he be?" Nico sighed. "No. I'll be okay. I know he thinks I'll do something stupid. And maybe I would have, in the past, but…" "But…?" Nico looked away, picking at the grass. "He gives me something to live for." Percy pondered on those words. They had stuck with him for a long time after that, throughout the whole week that they'd been there at the Roman camp. On their last day, as they were packing up to leave and saying their goodbyes, Percy stood by Blackjack and watched Annabeth hug both Frank and Hazel. He watched her squeeze Nico close, whispering something into his ear that caused the young boy to nod and hug her back tightly. And then he watched her approach himself, giving a smile that was his smile, one reserved only for him. He reached out his arms and enveloped her small frame, pulling her close and feeling her lithe fingers thread through his hair. He buried his nose in her long hair, breathing deeply. Something to live for… The words were accurate. Seconds felt like minutes. Minutes felt like hours. Time moved differently here, Percy realized. He was nearly positive he'd been here for only a couple hours, but it felt like he'd been there a whole week. Maybe that was another part of the psychological torment. Whatever the case, Percy didn't like it. He didn't like thinking about these things from his former life. Thalia and Reyna had both been important people. It was hard enough to think about their deaths—he didn't want to think of the others. He abruptly stood up and started pacing. Maybe moving would keep the memories at bay. He just needed to focus on something else. Think about other things. Surely that would work. Fat chance. So there you have it! Part 1 is completely. Part 2 will be up sometime tomorrow. For anyone that is wondering, the part with Thalia did in fact allude to her having a relationship with Apollo (me being the faithful shipper that I am). I'm thinking about writing a companion story for that part, showing their relationship and going into better detail about how she died. Anyways, thanks for reading and review please! (And keep an eye out tomorrow for the final part!) -Akatsuki Child