had a boyfriend by the end of this week." Leo narrowed his eyes at that. "Leo, what about Ellie? What is she going to do when all of a sudden her best friend since 2nd grade goes missing. Leo, what about my mom? My sisters? Do you give a shit about any of them?" "Do you?" Leo asked back. "Let's say I take you back to the school. You try to go through the year like a normal student, knowing you're not. One day, you get angry, absolutely livid and there's a massive tsunami in Tarboro, severely injuring some but killing hundreds, including Elle and your family. Would you be able to live with yourself then? Knowing that you were selfish enough to refuse training to pretend you're normal?" Lyric locked her jaw and stared off into the hill that fell before her feet. If she really wanted to, she could just run down it and hide, they wouldn't find her. Then she could go back home, to her mom and Elle. But she wasn't moving, why wasn't she moving? "Let us help you." Leo pleads. "You can still visit your family and Elle, but let us train you so no one gets hurt. Please." Lyric sighed as a single tear fell against her will, she nodded. "Good, now lets get back in the car." XXX The rest of the car ride was pretty uneventful. Lyric slept most of the time because Annabeth insisted she needed more drugs. Midway through Pennsylvania, she woke up wedged between Leo's arm and chest. That was about as awkward as the ride got. When they got to the camp, Lyric quickly realized it wasn't really a camp, just a collection of buildings with a large courtyard in the middle, not unlike a university campus. "Come on, let's get you to the infirmary." Annabeth said, half catching Lyric, who still couldn't stand straight. "I'll take her, if you need me too." Leo said. "Nope, I've got it." Annabeth smiled. "I'll see you later, Perce." "Are you sure?" Leo asked. " I'm sure." She said, basically dragging Lyric away. Leo sighed defeated and started to get his things out of the car. He felt eyes on him so he looked up to see Percy and Jason looking at him weird. "What?" "Nothing." Percy smirked. "Ok, seriously what?" "It's just, do you like this girl?" Jason asked, eyebrow rose. "What?! No! I just met her I don't even know her." "I mean, you've laughed at everything she's said—" "Because she's hilarious." "I'm just saying… this is the most you've smiled since Calypso." Jason shrugs his bags unto his shoulder. "It's nice." He smirks before walking away with Percy, leaving Leo dumbfounded. XXX When Lyric wakes up next she hears voices. "I don't understand why I have to share my room." Lyric opens one eye to see Nico and an older man with a woman hanging off his arm. The man was crazy tall with a beard and long hair tied back in a bun. The women had serious gray eyes, she looked up at the man and smiled and when she smiled her expression turned almost wolfish. "Because, there is no more rooms and you're the only one with a single room." The man said. "Chiron, you know that's because people don't like me." Nico said. "And I don't like people." "You'll survive." The woman said, letting go of the man and walking out. "Chiron please." Nico begged. "I'm sorry." Chiron answers. At this moment, Lyric decides to groan so they are aware she's awake. "Glad you can join us, Lyric." Chiron says. "Just in time, as well. Will checked you out and said you were all set, so Nico, here, is going to show you to your room." Chiron turned to glare at Nico almost daring him to protest. Nico just sighed and turned to walk out the door. "Let's go." XXX Lyric decided she was going to become Nico di Angelo's best friend, no matter what. If only she could get him to stop hating her first, that would be great. As soon as Lyric moved into her new room, Nico moved to his side and hasn't said anything to her besides the occasional heavy glare. Lyric eyed the bring me the horizon poster and decided to make conversation. "Is this the kind of music you like?" Lyric asked. "I'm more of an alternative girl myself but I can appreciate their music. Go to hell for heaven's sake is one of my favorite songs." " Please stop talking to me." Nico said, before turning away to finish his book. Maybe later… Lyric thinks. Lyric's gaze breaks from the window when she hears a knock at the door. She opens it to see Leo holding 2 bags. "Hey." She says, quietly. "Hey, how you holding up?" "You mean, besides the fact that I just found out that I'm a super human with the ability to make tsunamis? Pretty good, I suppose." Leo laughs. "Don't be silly, you're not trained enough for tsunamis. I'm sure you could make some kick ass waves though." Lyric laughed at that, hard, harder than she's laughed in the past few exhausting days. "Well, some of the girls came together to give you some clothes, bathing things etc. I think everything thing's your size so you should have no problems. I'll come get you tomorrow for breakfast then your first training session." "Alright." Lyric said, leaning against the doorframe. "Alright." Leo smiles. "See you then." "See you then." Lyric smiles, watching Leo as he walks down the hall. Lyric collapses on her bed arms spread. Though she's not tired, she's anything but tired. She felt, exhilarated. She spent her whole life feeling comfortable, never realizing she wanted a change. Now she has it, she can't help the giant grin that spreads across her face. For the first time she feels enthusiastic about what's going to happen. She feels excited. She feels free.