a massive room. Immediately the architect within her began to analyze. The room that she was now in was about half the size of the throne room of Olympus. Supporting the ceiling were four giant pillars equally spaced out with runic markings etched into them. If Annabeth had her notebook still with her she could've been jotting them down. Instead she had to settle with inscribing the markings into her memory. In the ceiling were various beams of varying sizes and design. They were too far up for her too see all of the details, but still, it was a sight to see. "Nice place you've got here." "Don't ask. It was here before I was ever a vampire. Supposedly at least. Now come on." Adam led her into a hall full of beds. It looked like there was enough beds for more than thirty people. It was empty. "Oh yeah, everyone's off doing whatever. Well, everyone except Mia. Okay, Annabeth, as a recently turned vampire, or as we call you, newborn, you won't have any control over your powers or any urges that you may have. So, in the event that you lose control over your bloodlust, I'm going to have Mia watch over you." "Mia?" "Yeah, she's just recently managed to get her urges and powers under control, so she'll be able to help you control any urges much easier. Come on, she should be in the entertainment area. After that, you'll be able to go home." Home. Percy…I wonder how he's doing. He's probably out there. Looking for me right now. She shook her head. No. He probably thinks I'm dead. There's no way the police didn't see all that blood and think that something didn't happen. "How long have I been…out, Adam?" He looked back at her. "Hmm, you've been unconscious for 2 weeks." Two weeks!? "That's actually pretty fast. Most of the time when someone is turned into a vampire, they're usually unconscious for around a month or so." "I see. How long does it take for someone to control their urges?" "It varies. For normal newborns it usually takes two to three months, for nobles-'" "Nobles, normal, what? How do I know which one I am, and do they mean anything?" Adam chuckled and opened the door to a room that looked like it belonged in an arcade or game convention. Giant TV monitors with posters of anime and video game characters. In front of the TV's were consoles of all kinds as well as a PC. All around were couches and sofas of all sizes and brands. "For one, they're types of vampires. Normal vampires, are normal. Nothing special about them. They're stronger and faster than average humans. Most of the vampires you're going to meet are normal. Then there are the Noble vampires. They are far stronger and faster. Think of them like being superhuman." "Which one am I? I don't really feel any different." "That's because you're neither." Annabeth blinked. "You didn't let me finish. There's one more type of vampire. Royal. Only a Royal vampire can create another Royal. We are at the top of the chain. The masters of blood. The sons and daughters of Lucifer. There are usually only one or two of our type in the same country. But now…" "There's three." Rubbing the back of his head, Adam sighed. "Yeah. Every time one of our type dies or is born, the Scarlet Council holds a meeting. I am so going to be in trouble. But never mind that. Mia! Come over here!" "Fuck off Adam. Can't you see I'm busy here?" A blonde girl slouched in a bean bag chair called out. She was wearing a black bunny headset and just like Adam, was wearing all black. A black tank top, black tights. In her hands was a PS4 controller. "Oh wait…Just got disconnected. Whatever. What do you want?" Her skin was also pale and silky. Her green eyes bore into Annabeth. "This is Annabeth. Uh…she's a newborn. And since you've just learned to control your bloodlust and powers, I'd like you to help teach her how to survive the dangers of the night." "Isn't this the demigod chick? Dude, whoever her parent is, they're gonna be pissed-'" "I know, which is why I'll be in my office trying to contact Celine. She'll know what to do. I'm just hoping that nothing else happens." After that, Adam slinked off to a room in the corner, leaving Annabeth with an irritated Mia. "Well, whatever. It's not like we can do anything about it now. Anyways, time for introductions. I'm Mia Fowler." Mia lifted a hand. Annabeth took it and shook firmly. "Annabeth Chase. Nice to meet you, I guess. So how is this thing going to work?" Mia shrugged. "Wait, you don't know what to do?" "I didn't say that. It's just that each vampire controls their urges in different ways. And as a side note, there are certain triggers for every kind of vampire that illicit a state of uncontrollable bloodlust." "And what are these triggers?" Again Mia shrugged. "How in the name of Zeus do you not know?" "I don't know. I've never encountered my trigger and apparently they're very rare. The last time someone got put into that state was a long time ago." Annabeth then followed Mia back outside. The sky was like black ink and instead of the concrete jungle that was New York, Annabeth was suddenly in a forest. The capstone of a skyscraper peeked over the trees of Central Park. "First things first. You need to learn how to hunt." Annabeth blinked. "Hunt? Hunt what?" "Blood. You can't expect to just have blood handed to you. You'll have to hunt it directly. Most of the time we get our blood from stray dogs and cats, sometimes criminals and the occasional subhuman." "Subhuman?" Mia's lips curled up into a smile. "You'll see." And then she disappeared into the abyss of night.