air. Demeter was looking like Katie while Persephone was thinking of how to handle a brother-in-law who is a son of Hermes. A 13 year old girl with long silky brown hair and eerie green eyes approached Nathan saying, "Mine turn. You're already done so shoo!" And she pushed him away. "Hello, I'm Luna Stoll, daughter of Conner Stoll and Lou Ellen." Conner raised an eyebrow in question to the name of the woman he was going to marry in the future. "Legacy of Hermes and Hecate." Zeus asked incredulously, "A minor goddess?" "Shut it Air-for-brains. Hecate's really helpful in the future, so are the other so-called minor gods. Don't belittle them." The boy with the messy blonde hair and sea-green eyes snapped, shocking everyone except the legacies. Poseidon snickered and whispered to Hades, "Great nickname for him. Fits so well." Hades nodded in agreement. The girl beside him who had wavy black hair and stormy gray eyes facepalmed while muttering, "Why did you have to get dad's awful ability to piss off the wrong people?" Zeus gripped his Master Bolt tightly, trying to control himself from zapping the kid to oblivion. "Anyway, my name's Luke." Luke Castellan perked up. "Luke Jackson and if I remember I got my name from you, Luke Castellan." Pointed out Luke. Luke Castellan blinked. Someone was named after him? "Anyway, I am the son of Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase." Annabeth blushed a deep red as Malcolm stared at her wide-eyed and Luke Castellan had his jaw dropped. No wonder someone was named after him. Annabeth was the mother. Luke scratched his head before looking at Jasper, tilting his head. Jasper shook his head while he shrugged and continued. "Legacy of Athena. Can't say my dad's parent. It's a spoiler." "Zöe Jackson." Artemis perked up as well as Hercules. "Named after the lieutenant of Artemis Zöe Nightshade and yes, I know what you did you jerk." She glared at Hercules. "I'm Luke's younger sister and a legacy of Athena." A black-haired 12 year old girl with fair skin and a Chinese complexion with golden eyes walked forward. "Hello, I am Samantha Zhang – but you can call me Sam – daughter of Frank Zhang and Hazel Levesque." Frank blushed a deep red yet a hopeful light is in his eyes. Maybe he'll find out who his parent is… "Sorry dad but you have to wait until book seven before you can know your godly parent." Frank visibly deflated. "But I am a legacy of Pluto, the Roman counterpart of Hades." Hades' eyes widened as well as Persephone's. Hades asked carefully, "So… You are my granddaughter..?" Sam nodded. "Well technically it's Pluto but since you're fundamentally the same, I guess you are." Persephone and Demeter glared at Hades. Persephone for him having an affair again while Demeter is angry because even if she didn't approve of the relationship, she cares for her daughter. Hades shrunk down in his throne. A pale 12 year old girl with black hair and shining blue eyes spoke up, "I am Bianca Di'Angelo. I am the daughter of Will Solace" Cue the blushing. "and Nico Di'Angelo and yes, they are both boys and I have no idea how I was born. My parents won't tell me." Will Solace blushed as his brothers raised an eyebrow at him. "I am a legacy of Apollo and Hades. Ironic right? The darkest and the brightest." She chuckled. Cue the glares at Hades from the two goddesses. Next to walk forward was a beautiful (yes, beautiful) young boy with hints of Hispanic descent. He had an androgynous appearance and smelled of cinnamon. He has dark brown almond-shaped eyes and wavy black hair. "Umm… My name is Jay Valdez. And my parent situation is complicated so please listen." The boy explained. Everyone nodded. "My father is Leo Valdez, son of Hephaestus which makes me a legacy of Hephaestus." This made the children of Hephaestus and Hephaestus himself raise their eyebrows. How could someone so slim be connected to the god of blacksmiths? "And my mother is…" He gulped. "Calypso." Chaos broke loose. The gods were alarmed with a demititan in their presence while Odysseus walked forward towards him slowly. "I am not a demititan!" He shouted which got everyone's attention. "My dad, Leo Valdez was the only man to be able to return to Ogygia. He is also the "Freer of Calypso". But when mom left the island, she became mortal. So I am a only a legacy. Legacy of Hephaestus and Son of Calypso." He finished. Odysseus finally got the courage to ask, "H-how was your mother..?" Jay glanced at him while saying, "She was sad that you left Odysseus but happy and thankful too. Because of you leaving, she met my dad." Odysseus merely smiled and sat back down. "Wait!" shouted Annabeth. "We have two Jasons and two Lukes!" Jasper Grace shrugged before saying, "You can call my dad Jase or Jace, that's what Uncle Percy and Uncle Leo call him." "Call me Charles. My full name is Luke Charles Jackson while she is Zöe Silena Jackson." Luke shrugged. Silena asked, "Named after me and Beckendorf?" Charles nodded. Silena gushed in happiness. "Anyway, let's start?" Zöe asked them before snapping her fingers. Ten books appeared. Luke picked up "The Lightning Thief" before passing it to Perseus. Perseus coughed before speaking, I Accidentally Vaporize My Pre-Algebra Teacher Okay, so I'm calling Jason Grace Jase while Luke Charles Jackson becomes Charles. Anyway, like it, love it, hate it? I only accept nice reviews and constructive criticism but not flames. All those flame either go to Hestia or Hephaestus, your pick. Anywho, Aliase99 is out, peace! (P.S. Please try out my PjOxFlash crossover, Terminal Velocity.) Credit to Shadow Priesstes. I had this idea even before I read her story yet because of her work, The fate in our hands, I decided to do mine. But I wasn't trying to copy her. This is different, I promise.