guilty that it is four in the morning and he isn't in his warm bed but standing out in the snow in the coldest hour of the day. He looks warily in the direction of the Hermes Cabin as if he doesn't like her being there. But he turns her towards it anyways, and makes his way over with her. His expression grows cloudy as they come closer to the Hermes Cabin. Connor throws the door open, his eyes wide with concern. Sherman scowls at him. "Mandy!" He runs out to her. "Are you okay? I checked on you and you were gone and I – gods, you must be freezing!" Connor rubs her arms. She suddenly realizes she is shivering from the cold, her arms bare in his borrowed t-shirt. "Stoll…" Sherman growls. Connor ignores him. "What happened?" His eyes focus on hers, as if trying to extricate her sorrow, sharp and penetrating through her attempt at being okay. Miranda tries to speak but can't find the words. Sherman takes Miranda into his arms, effectively pulling her from Connor. "She just needs some sleep." He says to Connor in a low and threatening voice, challenging him into silence. "Okay." Connor spreads his hands and turns his palms up in a gesture of peace. "Whatever you need, Mandy." Sherman holds Miranda tight with one muscled arm – his biceps the size of bursting grapefruits – and with his free hand grips Connor's shoulder so hard his fingers turn white. He is several inches shorter than Connor but almost twice as thick. "If you give her trouble, or let anyone else, I will pulverize you." "Yeah, if you can catch me." Connor says sarcastically, flashing him his trademark troublemaker's smile. "You don't trust me, Sherman?" "Not in the least." Sherman responds. "I do." Miranda says, her teeth chattering. Sherman's expression softens as he looks at her, though still deeply concerned and conflicted. He grits his teeth and glares threateningly at Connor, but relents. "If you'll feel safer in my cabin, just tell me." He says reluctantly. "To Hades with the rules." Miranda smiles and hugs him tightly. "Good night, Sherman." She rests her forehead against his for a moment before she lets go. She doesn't have the words to tell him how much she appreciates coming out in the middle of the night and not knowing what to say but still finding a way to give her strength. She's still new at being in this relationship, so she doesn't know if her embrace says it all, but he smiles, so she thinks he does. Connor puts his arm around her shoulders and takes her back inside. As soon as she enters the wonderfully warm cabin her exhaustion finally washes over her and her knees give way. Connor catches her and carries her to his bed. Miranda fights to keep her eyes open. She can't end the day with so much unresolved. She wants to tell him about how terrified she is to sleep because she might never wake up from that endless fall through the darkness. She wants to tell him about the whispering voices etched in her memory. She wants to tell him she's sorry about Sherman. "Connor…" Miranda reaches for him, struggling against the weight of her own body. Connor gently tucks her arm under the blankets, pulling them over her shoulders. "Yeah?" He sits on the bed beside her. The darkness obscures the light in his eyes. His dark blue eyes look like the deep blue of the sky just before it blackens to midnight. There was something else the Grove of Dodona had told her: a lovely flower forsaken by the dove, rightly adored and yet torn by your love. She didn't understand it then, but Miranda's eyes fill with tears as she meets Connor's eyes. "It's okay," Connor smiles, brushing his thumb under her eye as tears spill over, and she wonders if he knows what she's thinking like he always does. His eyes are so calm. "Connor, I need you to tell you…" Miranda's voice breaks. Connor brushes her tears away and gently cradles her face in his hands. "You've been through a lot, Mandy." He says softly, giving her a way out. Miranda doesn't want it. "Connor, I know I tell you this all the time, but I – I…" Her words tangle on her lips and she knows she won't say it right. " – need to get some sleep." Connor finishes for her. "You'll know better in the morning. I promise it'll be okay; we'll work out everything as it needs to be." He smiles, his eyes clear and knowing. She doesn't know how but Connor always makes her feel better, feel safe. She believes him. Connor brushes away the last of her tears and kisses her forehead. Then he turns out the light and climbs onto the bunk above hers. Miranda tries to fight her exhaustion, terrified of that long fall through the darkness, but this time it isn't endless. She splashes into the clear blue waters of the canoe lake she liked so much on her first day at Camp. As she surfaces she sees a familiar face smiling at her through the rippling waters. He's laughing and his eyes are sparkling as he reaches his hands out to pull her from the water. All through the night sunflowers grow around the Hermes Cabin, tall and strong, even one that sneaks through the window and greets her when she wakes up. I'd love to hear your thoughts! Depending on what you think/prefer it is somewhat open-ended. You might fill in the rest of Miranda's unfinished sentence, or interpret the sunflowers differently. Let me know what you think! Personally, I'm very curious about what Rick Riordan saw in Miranda and Sherman being together, though I always liked her with Connor. (Also curious, where does the Miranda/Lou Ellen pairing come from?) Please don't leave without letting me know what you think :)