camp for drunken rages. False" Axel is a bigger guy standing approximately 5'11 he had dual pirate cutlasses at his side and was sitting on a old dodge Challenger. "My name is TJ son of Bia, Kicked out for force disruption of the protective field, False" Tj is that kid that everyone knows, He stands tall at 6'3 and can get anything for anyone if they pay the right price. He drives a Honda element that is blue in color and has green neon on the bottom. "I am Kaunis Thálassa the Daughter of Neptune, Kicked form camp for destruction of New Rome. False." Kaunis is a girl you don't want to mess with. She drives a corvette but it is made of Chaos steel so it's very light and built like a tank. "I am Drake son of Pluto, Kicked from camp for banishing lares, False." Drake Souls and I are brothers in everything but blood. He is a little bigger then me but his shoulders aren't, he drives a plymouth barracuda with a skull decal on it. He wields a broadsword. "And I am Sean Malachi the son of Melonio goddess of insanity, ghost, nightmares, and the howling dogs, I am the leader of Nights Revenge. I was kicked from camp for causing insanity wherever I went which is false" I have tan skin and stand 6 even. I have a scythe and Dual rapiers Because of my mothers family I have wings (I am using the myth were Melonio is the daughter of Nyx but is not counted as a god but a primordial hence why Sean has the wings.) They are black with purple feathers here and there. I am the owner of one of the biggest garages in history and the best part only half-bloods know where it is. "Well to those of you who don't know us we will start from the top." The boy with green eyes in the front said as he stepped forward "I am Percy Jackson Son of Poseidon." His blonde haired friend that was next to him with the electrike blue eyes then said "I am Jason Grace son of Jupiter." I heard Kaunis growl behind me. Then the blonde girl that stood behind Percy came forward and said "I am Annabeth Chase daughter of Athena." I growled there because this was the blonde bitch who started the rumors of me causing the insanity. The next person to speak was a African-American girl with gold eyes. "I am Hazel Lavisque daughter of Pluto." Then came a kid in the back of the Greek said. "I am Leo Valdez son of Hephaestus." I nodded and said "So you're the one that freed Calypso." He nodded and his golden car revved up. Then came the one that my dogs knew as Chinese-Baby man. "I am Frank Zhang, Son of Mars." I began to chuckle because from behind me I heard Drake yell out "Chinese-Baby man." He growled and said "Hazel I hate your horse." then the last began to speak "I am Piper McLean daughter of Aphrodite." "Well now that we all know each other me and my crew can leave right considering May and Mizuki were sleeping and probably want to kill me." I said as I drew my arm back summoning portals of darkness. But was stopped when Percy said "Actually you are needed at mount Olympus because Zeus is ready to blast you off the roads for good because he thinks that Sean here is building an Army against him." I began to laugh and said "I never said I wasn't but you see I am building an army for something. In three months there is a thing called the Olympus Grand Prix and I intend to win now if your gods have a problem with that tell them to come and race me." and with that me and my Crew vanished and I disconnected my phone. The next morning I woke up to the sound of a car coming to a stop. I walked down to the entrance of the Garage to see TJ and Demetri standing there with a letter in their hand. I opened the letter to see that My crew and I had been accepted into the Prix which had been moved to a month from now. I grinned fiendishly and then said "It's time to train." They nodded and I pulled out my Prism charm and said "I claim my victories in the name of the Primordial council mom if you're watching this then prepare to see what I can do behind the wheel." Demetri nodded and TJ said "What do you need." I walked over to my garage and entered three codes and summoned three cars to the front. One was an old black Dodge Charger that looked fresh off a fast and the furious movie. The next was a black skyline with ultra white skull decals on it. The last was a Camaro SS that was Black with Neon green flame decals on it. I was about to make a list when I heard a knock at the door. I turned around to see the one and only Percy Jackson standing there with stab wounds all over his body and a bullet wound in his leg. I drew my wings back and growled. Percy looked up and said "help me." He then fell over and stopped moving. "Mizuki get down here we have an unconscious one." Mizuki was down here in an instant. "Why is he here." I heard her say as I drew my wings in and said "I have looked into his memories and saw that he has been betrayed by his friends in Camp half blood he shall live with us and learn with house how to be one of us since we all have been kicked out and betrayed by people we trust." Mizuki nodded and run up stairs with Percy leaving me and the twins alone.