Most of their friends got the following video clip. Annabeth's face filled the screen, "Ok so, yeah! Most of you guys predicted that I would eventually end up with him here. And, guess what," then she reached out a hand and blocked the pillow plummeting towards her. "Lem'me sleep," someone grunted behind her. "See what I am dealing with here?" a reminiscent smile adorned her beauty. "Baby, I am sending out our wedding invites," Annabeth said softly, already covering her hands in anticipation. "Da f'ck?!" Annabeth curled her lips, involuntarily. "Anyways it's on 18 August, and you just have to be there-" "She means, to add a please there," looking pointedly at her. "Ha ha haha! The only reason I am doing this is because you couldn't go around to printing the cards." "She means that of course she wanted to send ya'll a personalised wedding card- hey, we are getting married. Yipee." He added a jump or two for special effects. "See what I am dealing with her," her spirit none less detached." Fact #: They wanted a life together... Conclusion #: They had it... _FIN_ Random Flashback #1: When she forced him to bow down to her... "Percy, get down now." Percy Jackson jutting his lower lip forward, "Maybe I don't want." "Then forget ever having-" An alarmed feeling suddenly threatened his health and he immediately shushed her. "No, no, see, I am getting down." "I am waiting." "Fine," so while the moon flew up to embrace night's army and the H2O elements threatened to take over the shore, Percy kneeled down and proposed to an annoyed Annabeth. "Annabeth, since you basically cannot live without me, and are so painfully making me go through this- seriously Annabeth why are you making me do this? You know I know you are going to say yes." "Percy, do you want to marry me or not?" "Annabeth Chase, I didn't actually hate your last name earlier, but now I always feel the urge to cut it out and replace it permanently with Jackson. Will you marry me?" "Name changing was never part of the deal," Annabeth stated as she tucked a blond curl. "Do you want to marry me?" "Yes!" Then they sat down in front of the last frontier, her head resting on his chest, with his legs around her. A moment of silence, memorising the moment. "Do I also have to kiss you?" "You can even have my kids." Annabeth smacked the back of his head. Percy smirked, "Oh! You so want to." "Why not start now then?" Needless to say, she left behind a dumbstruck Percy. Random Flashback #2: How it came about... "I am 27." Percy signed a paper before looking up from his papers, "I know it's your birthday today, if that's what you are asking," he said matter-of-factly. "Remember ten years ago?" How could Percy forget it, "You want to marry me." "You want to?" "Why not, I am single-ready to mingle, you are single ready to-" "Don't. I wonder why I even asked you, idiot." Percy left his paperwork, and joined Annabeth on the bed, "Let's get married," draping his arms around her. "See, I am serious." Random Flashback #3: The foundation... They didn't know, when they had started to, but once they had, it spread fast. Percy realised that he took 27 years to achieve his longing, 27 years to tell Annabeth that he loved her more than anything in the world without having to worry about scaring her off. He always knew he had loved her, as a friend, as an acquaintance, taken her as granted. Then came her many boyfriends, and then came her paying more attention to them. Somewhere along that period, he had came to take her for more than granted. He began noticing her little quirks, habits; things he had once memorised, and forgotten; learning them again. Strange urges to hold her, be sentimental with...share with. But not to share. He didn't want to share her. Then he realised that he wanted things to more than just friends. Yeah, he was kind of stupid in that way. Annabeth, well... Annabeth was always a different case, wasn't she? What was she before Percy came? Honestly, she didn't remember, but she knew that without him, the world wouldn't be seeing this Annabeth. Trust her, she more than anyone knew how much Percy meant for her. How he had repaired her bit by bit, piece by piece, heart by heart. He had poured all his love into her; without realising it. Perseus Jackson was a man who you meet just once in your life. Your Mr. Right, even when he screams Wrong! She never took him for granted. Percy Jackson gave up dating in his high school years, just so he could achieve her standards. He wanted to be someone whim she didn't just throwaway like yesterday's new. He wanted to her everything. And he was. Random Flashback #3: Random "Why do you call me 'baby'?" "''Cause you are my baby. My sweet innocent (mostly) baby whom I Love more than how he loves his stupid stuffed pet." Percy looked adoringly at his stuffed dolphin pet. Then he turned over in Annabeth's lap and mumbled, "Definitely more." /The Only Law A/N: Oh hello? HI there? So what did you think about this one? I know that I need to improve, a lot, but hey, this is my first time as a one-shot. As for the inspiration, I was going through some Percabeth art and one of them quickly escalated into this. So tell me what you thought about this one cause, there are many more to come. Also, I am sorry to keep you hanging, but my other stories would be updated soon. Sa-1 going on here, so I can't really type. Anyways, check out A FRIENDLY RIVALRY (I CHAPTER TO GO), KIDNAPPED, BOND. All Percabeth. Yours in demigodishness, percabethness, half-bloodedness and all that. -AliceTonksHPJ thanks you for reading the story.