myself enjoying it for some inexplicable reason. "I would have conquered the gods! You would have had a palace!" He kept going. I sighed. "But I'm guessing I wouldn't have my brothers, or friends, or monsters to fight. It'd be boring." I said. "You would have anything you wanted!" HA! This was funny. I was unfocused for a single second. My sword flew out of my hand into the sea. Jack pointed his sword at me. My sword shot out of the sea, held in an arm made of water. Wicked sweet. It worked. I smiled as the water arm fought for me. Then Jack sliced through the arm turning it back to a puddle of water. I took out my dagger. Jack tried a jab, but changed the direction of his sword at the last moment, swiping at my legs. Reminded of a moment at camp, I launched into the air, hitting him over the head. I landed on the other side of him. Moving closer as Jack turned, I knocked his sword into the sea. I pushed him over with the flat of my blade. Then I picked up my sword and pressed the edge against his exposed throat. Then somebody laughed above me. "Okay, you are defiantly my sister!" Percy called. I looked up. He was riding Blackjack. I smiled. Percy tossed me a rope. I turned to Jack. He was gone. I sighed. Rainbow appeared rather suddenly from the water, carrying Jack. Good hippocampus! I jumped into the sea without hesitation. All my worries and exhaustion were washed away by the current. I swam over to Rainbow and tied Jack's hand behind his back. He struggled constantly. When I was done, another pegasus appeared. Porky Pie hovered low enough for me to tie Jack to his saddle. Jack pulled himself onto the pegasus resentfully. I pated Porky Pie's mane. "Straight to camp, okay? Don't stop until you get there, and take him to Ben, the one who rode you. Thanks." I told him. He effortlessly swooped up and off. Rainbow nudged me. Percy offered me a hand so I could ride on Blackjack. "Umm… I'm scared of heights. I think I'll get a ride on Rainbow." As soon as I said this, I was lifted out of the water, on Rainbow's back. Percy laughed. "See you at camp!" he called, flying off. I smiled as Rainbow started moving. She glided smoothly through the water. It was such a gently ride, that I barely noticed we were moving, especially with the unchanging scenery. It took hours, but eventually we came into view of land. We sped on, nearly at camp. Rainbow stopped about a mile off shore. I thanked him and climbed down. I swam the rest of the way. It came easily to me. I came up on the beach. The fire I lit two days ago was still alight, my only source of light in the dusk. I walked up to shore and found myself dry. It's a Poseidon thing. I looked at the fire. I suddenly remembered the uneaten food and speaker. I placed them gently in the fire, thanking my father, Athena, Hades and Hermes at the same time. I walked onwards. Nobody was around. I guess I was late for dinner. I went to the sword training arena. After the battle, I needed to polish my skills. Nico and Ben were already there, sparing. They were fighting hard. It took me a second to realise they were keeping their minds busy. I smiled, but then Ben pushed Nico to the ground. Taking the opportunity, I rushed in, sword out. As Ben swung to press his blade against Nico's throat, I came in, blocking the blow. I pushed Ben back, pulling my dagger out of my boot at the same time. I threw it back and pressed my blade to Ben's chest. My dagger landed in the sand next to Nico's throat as a warning. "I win!" I announced with a bright smile. I turned to sound of clapping. Annabeth and Clarisse stood in the archway to the arena. "So you can beat two enemies in less than a minute. What happened with that Jack moron?" Clarisse asked. "I wanted to know his plan. So I stalled by taking my time beating him. Oh and insulting him and his plan." Annabeth and Clarisse smiled in approval. Annabeth thought it was good planning on my part. Clarisse was just happy I wasn't really the wimp Percy described me as. I smiled and helped Ben and Nico to their feet. They grinned. Then they both tried to hug me at the same time. It was awkward. I blushed as Piper came in to find Annabeth. She gaped at me and the boys. "I knew it! I was right. That's twenty drachma from you Annie!" I looked to Annabeth for an explanation. She flushed as she explained. "Me and Piper kind of made a bet whether or not you would… hook up with one of the boys." She said. I raised my eyebrows. "I said you wouldn't, Pipes said you would. I guess she was right." "Well, Annabeth, as far as I'm aware, you're still the one who's right." I said pointedly. Annabeth snatched her money back from Piper. The boys let go of me. Finally. Ben gave me the puppy dog eyes and Nico just turned away. "Seriously, I think I'm gonna wait a few more years before I… hook up with either of you." I said. Nico turned back to me, looking happy. Ben's face lit up. "That came out wrong…" I sighed. "It always will!" Piper, Annabeth and Clarisse said at the same time. I sighed again. They laughed. "Come on, the campfire's about to start. I'll get you some marshmallows." Ben smiled, grabbing my arm. I laughed as he pulled me away, the same way Annabeth had what seemed like eons ago. Little did I know, that was only my first adventure…