him in anyways, since it was probably important. And it was. Inside the basket was Galene, that wasn't her name at the time, she actually didn't have a name at the time. Your father explained to me how he had befriended a mortal woman in Boston who also had the gift of The Sight, they fell in love and then Gale was born," she hurried the last part not wanting to get into the details, "But, unfortunately, after giving birth to Gale, the woman died. The doctors said she couldn't handle the birth but your father believes that maybe Amphitrite had something to do with it. Nonetheless, Poseidon knew he had to get Gale away," "He was scared something might happen to Gale, like what happened to her mom," I suggested. Sally nodded, "He was scared that maybe Amphitrite would hurt her, or a monster. Gale's blood had a strong scent, being a child of one of the big three, I mean Percy you know this for your dad brought her here hoping I could keep her safe, like I did with you, except this time he gave me things that might actually help," she stood up and walked towards the crib where Gale was lying in earlier, "This crib keeps her safe, it's sort of like the boundaries around camp I'm guessing, it lessens the scent, keeping the monsters away," "The basket did the same thing, didn't it," I said. "Mhmm, Poseidon knew that if he didn't hide her scent, they wouldn't have made it here. Add his scent and her's together, you're basically calling for something to attack you," Sally bent down beside the crib to pick up a toy rattle that must've fallen earlier, she began to play with it idly "He gave us many things, ambrosia and nectar baby food to strengthen her when she got weak, lots of stuff that could hide her scent, the 'baby carriage', toys, the mobile," she pointed up towards the spinning sea shells, "He even got Clio a gift," and then she pointed to the spinning mermaids hanging over the other crib, "The toys, crib and carrier were all made by Hephaestus. He couldn't give us these things when you were born, Percy because Hephaestus would've told on your father for breaking the pact," "Lord Poseidon felt bad when he saw that Sally was, um, pregnant," Paul said awkwardly, "He actually changed his mind about keeping Gale here, he was afraid that something might harm your mother and Clio while she tried to protect Gale," "So your father blessed Clio, and honestly I have no idea how it works or what it does. Nothing out of the ordinary has happened yet, she just does normal, mortal, baby things," Sally said. "Maybe she shoots water out of her fingers," Paul suggested, "That would be awesome," Sally glared at him and he coughed, clearing his throat and began bouncing Gale in his arms. I realized I was doing the same to Clio. "And you're totally okay with this whole set up, Paul?" Percy asked. Paul nodded and smiled, "Well yeah, its hard to say no to a God," Percy shook his head," Paul if you don't really like this, then you don't have to do this," "Oh no, Percy! I do want this! The minute Gale got here I adored like she was my own," he smiled and turned Gale in his hands to face him, "I don't know what it is but I'm so drawn to her, the same way I'm drawn to Clio," I recognized the look on his face as the same look he had when talked to Percy, it was like some fatherly love. "A day after, we brought her to adoption agency and she became Galene Blofis," Sally continued. "She's just so peaceful," Paul smiled, "It's contagious," "Hence her name," I added. Sally sighed and nodded, "Paul named her Galene as soon as Poseidon said she was nameless. They both agreed to the name and I like it, too," she smiled. "But she's a daughter of Poseidon, so she's just as… uh… spirited as you are, Percy," "And mischievous ," Paul added, "She crawls out of the playpen somehow and ends up in the living room in front of the T.V watching The Little Mermaid or Finding Nemo," Percy nodded seeming to finally understand, "Okay. So I understand Gale's part, I guess," I rolled my eyes, "But what about Clio? Since when were you pregnant?" I stopped bouncing Clio in my arms and looked at Sally. Percy had a point, when Percy was gone and I'd come to visit Sally, she did not look pregnant at all. Sally blushed and explained, "Well when you left for camp last winter, I must've been two weeks pregnant. When you went missing I probably was around a month, but I didn't know, the side effects weren't showing up and I was caught up worrying about you. And when I did find out, Annabeth was gone," "So Clio was born in…" Percy started counting the months on his fingers but I saved him trouble. "August," Paul nodded towards Clio, "Sunday, August 22 2010," "And Gale?" "A week before, August 15 2010" Percy sat down in the now empty rocking chair, "I missed a lot." "Anything else you want to ask?" Sally laughed. Percy shook his head and smiled, "I think I got it," Sally smiled at him, "Welcome back Percy." So this is a bit out of date. Originally, I was going to publish it a week or so before the holidays, but it got lost in the mess that is my Google Drive. So after digging through overdue, unfinished essays, incomplete TFIOS stories and numerous PJAO & HOO ideas, I came across Gale and Clio Blofis. I hoped you guys like it. It was a bit fast paced and maybe some grammatical errors and the ending was definitely not the best. Forgive me. The next part will be published soon!