head from her then when he stood she pulled his sweatpants to the floor. She regarded his proud standing cock for a moment as if debating 'yes or no' then turned her back to him and lay face down on the sofa, knees on the floor. Jason dropped to his knees and without hesitation put the swollen blue head of his boner on his sister's pussy. He rubbed the end of it up and down her slit mixing the flowing juices . When the end of his cock was slick with body fluids the mother commanded her son to penetrated Thalia. Jason flexed his ass and pushed slowly, exquisitely into the girl until his balls mashed against her body. Thalia uttered a soft groan, dropped her head to the cushion she was lying on then smiled directly at her mother. Mother and daughter locked eyes and shared in the pleasure of what Jason was doing. She watched as her son thrust and pulled in and out of Thalia's pussy. His long thick erection, so similar to his father's, was causing Thalia to pant and groan, she gripped the sofa cushion in her hands as her brother fucked her. The mother's mind was firing bullets of hot lust toward her children, causing them to heat up even more. The pair were so hot, so turned on she could see how Thalia was dripping fluids, Jason's balls were covered with the hot wet evidence of the girl's pleasure. She wanted to hear how her daughter felt so she sent a message, 'say it, how does it feel?' Thalia began to moan, then between ragged gasps for air she managed "Ohhhh! Fuck me! Jason, you feel so good, don't ever stop! Fuck me! Screw me forever! I want this, God this feels so fucking good!" 'get naked; both of you then fuck her on the floor Jason' Her son paused and slid his cock out of the hot tenderness of his sister's body. He sat back then pulled his shirt off, revealing everything for the mother. Thalia slid wordlessly to her butt on the floor then raised her arms so Jason could pull her gown up and off. She could feel the upsurge of desire Jason experienced as he looked at his sexy nude sister. As she wished she could put her fingers around an erection again Thalia did just that. She gripped her brother's hard-on then went to her back on the floor. Jason unfolded his long legs then rolled up and over her as she spread her thighs, pulling him close by the handle between his legs. The mother had her first orgasm when Jason pushed into Thalia again. The girl was rasping, moaning, her hips rolling with the rhythm of the long, deep thrusts of her brothers hard-on. Her children were lost in the feeling of torrid, uninhibited sex when she needed to hold Jason's balls. Thalia reached between their slapping groins and cupped his large solid scrotum in her hand then massaged his nuts lightly while he continued to fuck her. The new contact caused Jason to groan his pleasure which caused his mother's heart to thud even harder. She was climbing to the peak of a second orgasm, she could feel it begin to boil in her loins, it was going to be strong. 'Thalia! Roll him over! Sit on his lap, ride him!' Waves of immense pleasure washed through her while the girl urged her sibling lover to roll to his back. She threw her legs across his lap, centered on the long hard pole then lowered her body onto him. Unbidden by his mother's mind Jason reached up and covered Thalia's bouncing breasts as she flexed her back, fucking him. The mother's nipples stood like miniature erections from her own withered tits when Jason caressed Thalia's. The orgasm in her loins boiled over. Waves of ecstasy overflowed from the cauldron of lust inside her and the mother flew from her useless body, floating on clouds of rapture, she was barely aware of Thalia's cries of unfettered passion as she experienced her first heart stopping climax from her brother. The mother felt her womb grow warm and wet as Jason fired long surges of cum into his sister. They were all three exhausted, the two teens lying on the floor side by side, him smiling broadly, she staring at the ceiling, wonderment danced in her wide open eyes. The mother was huffing long gulps of cool air. Gradually Thalia sat up and looked her brother up and down, from face to feet then returned her gaze to his half standing cock. She looked from her brother to her parent as she began to realize what they had just done. As she locked eyes with her mother a surge of shame began to grow but in an instant she felt as if she was being reassured that everything was alright, that fucking her brother was desirable and natural. The longer mother and daughter looked at each other the calmer the girl became until the afterglow of the strong orgasm reclaimed her feelings. She leaned to her brother and kissed him tenderly, lovingly and with a hint of things to come. Jason didn't feel regret or disgrace. He felt like he had just fucked the hottest girl on the planet and when Thalia kissed him his cock began to solidify again. Brother and sister quickly started up another mountain of lust by making out on the rug in front of their mother. Naked bodies bonded, hands grasped and groped, fingers explored. Jason and Thalia were acting out the memories and thoughts projected by their mother. She was remembering the long exciting nights with her husband, when they would fuck three or four times. Her mouth began to water as she remembered how an erection felt sliding over her tongue. She set her mind to work, sending the pent up craving and desires as hot turbulent ideas to her children.