the only give away was the every so often spasm he'd have. "We send in the dragon." I answered. I smiled as I remembered Leo's new machine dragon terrorizing Luke and his men, I knew Luke couldn't stand it because that's how he got the scar on his face. Something about stealing something gold for his boss and what not, and a dragon statue that fell on him or...wait was it at a Chinese festival and he was trampled by a Chinese dragon...I don't know, he refuses to tell me. But anyway it was fun to see his squirm. "Annabeth!" A voice shouted behind me, I stopped walking and turned to see Hazel running up to me. "What's wrong?!" I asked alarmed. "Huh? Oh nothing's wrong?" She dismissed my worry with a wave of her hand. "It's Nico! They found him Annabeth! They found my brother!" She shouted bouncing in one place. "That's great! Where? How?" I asked filling with joy, finally some good news. "He was hiding out somewhere in California! They're bringing him back now as we speak! I can't wait to see him!" She and I began resumed walking, I headed in the direction of my room. "That's great Hazel, why don't you go and arrange everything for once he's here. Make sure to prep a room for him and get him up to date. Okay?" I suggested. "Really? Okay, thanks!" She nodded sprinting off in the direction she came from. "See you later!" She shouted behind her. I laughed and made my way over to my room. "Annabeth?" Grover stopped me on my way in, I peaked my head out and stepped back out when he approached me in salute. "At ease Grover, what's up?" I asked leaning against the frame of my door. "I don't know, the enemy has sent over a raw turkey. I'm not sure what that means." He looked at me confused. "It has been checked for explosives and bugs, but appears to be clean." He shrugged. Meanwhile my face had gone red, all my previous happiness gone. "He was supposed to take that memory to the grave!" I shouted furious. "That's it! He asked for it!" I shouted marching into my bedroom while yanking at my hair. "Have a dozen goats sent over to their camp immediately! He hates them, they terrify him!" I shouted glaring at the innocent and confused ginger. "Excuse me!?" He asked unsure of what to make of what he just heard. "Just do it, he'll get it." I rolled my arms and waved him off. He left but not before giving me a look of uncertainty. "He'll see." I grumbled plopping face down on my bed. My laptop screen showed an incoming call, I stared at the screen, not really wanting to move; I was still face down on my bed and the laptop was open arm's length away. But I didn't want to move my arm to answer, grudgingly I lifted a lazy limb to answer the video chat. The screen showed a very exhausted and disgruntled Luke, "What?" I asked, half my face still buried deep in my comforter. "How the hell did you get into my house and not set off the alarms?" He asked rubbing his tired face. "Darling you use the same passcode for everything you own, your birthdate. And you keep the spare key in the same place you kept it back home." I mumbled looking at the screen with only one eye. "What were you doing in there in the first place?" He asked, quirking an eyebrow. "Me? Nothing. I haven't left the state in days. I did have a friend who was asking about your place. She seems to be infatuated with you." I rolled my eyes, or rather my eye at the screen. "Well can you blame her?" He smirked. "I can actually, tell me how are your fish doing?" I asked coyly. He froze and ran from the computer frame, out of my view. "Son of-" I heard a low curse somewhere in the house. "First my cat, now my fish?" He asked. "Hey, I had nothing to do with that. Apparently your cat got hungry." I tried shrugging. I lifted my head and rested it on my propped up hand. "Listen I'm actually quite tired, so I suggest you say what ever else you have left to say." I answered flatly, bored and exhausted. "I hate your uniforms, I wish you would join me, who ever that short kid with the tool belt is had better stay away from my machinery- and my car- if he knows what good for him, stop stealing my pets, and for the love of all that is holy stop with the goats!" He shouted yanking at his hair. "Sure, as soon as you stop with the spiders." I answered smug. "Dang. I guess I'll never get rid of those smelly monsters." He shook his head sadly, I glared at him. "Until some other time Luke." I waved sadly. "Until some other time." He nodded, and ended the chat. A/N I know this would never happen in a real "war" scenario but, hey it's fiction so sue me. I just hope you liked it, and it was somewhat entertainment. I at least one of you can say it was, then my time wasn't completely wasted. But I had fun writing it, I like it, so whatever. Hope you all have a merry Christmas, and spread the joy. If you feel like their isn't joy in your life, try to give some to others, it's the season of giving. And maybe someone in your same situation will give you that smile or hope that you need. Be someone else's joy, because someone else will be your joy. (Honestly I don't know if that made sense, I'm trying to talk about the way things get passed around. You know give something receive something from someone else? Something like that.) Anyway happy holidays!