you?" She is quiet. He traces his thumb along the threads of the curtain, and pulls back from reaching behind the curtain so she won't feel alone. He leans his head against the side of the chair. "There's this part of my dream I can never wake up from." He wraps one arm around his stomach. "I – I don't know if I can explain it, but it's this feeling like I'm burning from the inside out, and everything, all the debris, is falling through me. Sometimes when I wake up that feeling doesn't go away and I think I must be going—" "You're not crazy." "You're not selfish." She breathes sharply, shaking. He reaches for her, his hand settling lightly on her shoulder. She flinches, probably from pain, but doesn't push him away. He fights the urge to hold her. "I'm a reminder that the war is always with us, that time and peace are not enough. In a time when everyone needs to heal and rebuild from ruins and—" Her voice breaks, her breathing ragged and pained. She says brokenly, "I can't stop seeing fire. In my dreams, on my body, it – it's everywhere." Travis clenches his jaw, his arms aching from the effort to hold back. "You're not the only one, Katie. I wear the war every day, and so do others." "You don't understand, Travis – " "I do, Katie, that there are – " "No, it isn't – " "I'll show you." "What?" "I'll close my eyes." "What do you – ?" "I won't see you, I'll close my eyes, so you can see for yourself, that you are not alone." "What do you mean?" "You'll have to see, won't you?" "I…" She falters. He can feel her despair, her fear. After a long moment's pause she says quietly, "Okay." "Okay," Travis says gently. "Hold on." He gathers the curtain slowly, she stiffens, and picks her up with the curtain. He gently places her in the middle of the bed, sitting against the wall. From just holding her body he can tell how much pain she is in. He sits beside her and closes his eyes. "Ready?" After several long moments, he hears the rustle of the silk curtain very slowly move aside. There is a sharp gasp. He feels a coolness approach him, and moments later her fingers lightly touch the dark burn across his neck and collarbone. Her fingertips softly trace the path of a jagged gash along his jaw. He can feel her hands shaking from the way the tension in the air changes. Her movements are slow, painful. She touches his forearm, gently following the edge of a still raw burn to his wrist. It's a tentative, shy touch, as if she's afraid to hurt him. "It's okay," He tells her, staying perfectly still, eyes closed. He slowly reaches up and peels off his shirt, then the bandages underneath. "Travis…" She whispers, in shock. "It's okay," He reassures her. Her breathing is shallow and sharp, as her shaking fingers touch the blistered burn covering his left shoulder and upper arm. She traces a black and red burn across his chest. His muscles tense from the effort not to shake from her touch, as her fingertips graze the still painful lacerations across his rib cage that will never close. Her fingers flutter across his bruised diaphragm; he clenches his teeth as they fall across the torn muscle of his upper abdomen and almost flinches when she touches the unhealed wound on his stomach, a long, red, blistered burn interrupted by two parallel gashes. "Travis," Katie's voice shakes, her breathing ragged. A teardrop falls on his knee. He reaches slowly, blindly, to hold her. His hand touches her side and she cries out; blood falls on his fingers; her skin is blistered, raw and gashed open, her ribs brittle. "Travis Stoll," Katie's voice breaks, "It was you, you were the one who found me. You were the one who walked through fire, the explosion…" She tenderly touches the wound on his stomach. "That was a folded piece of Imperial gold shrapnel." Katie sobs, "You brought me back." Katie's hand touches his shoulder, and she slowly touches her forehead to his chest. Tears stream down her face, sliding onto his chest. He holds her as gently as he can, feels her bandages against his body, her burns, blisters, and gashes like Braille on his bare skin. She holds him tightly, even though he knows it hurts her. She touches his eyelids ever so lightly, her fingertips brushing against his eyelashes. Slowly, he opens his eyes. "Katie," His dark blue eyes hold her gaze. Pale light streams through the window, falling on her face. She flinches and sinks her head - she is unrecognizable. He reaches slowly and touches her face, holding her gently in his hand. "I brought you back, and I will bring you back again." Katie tries to speak, still shaking. "It's okay, I'm here." Travis brushes away a tear, illuminated by dawn light. "You're going to be okay." Her eyes fix upon his with all the intensity of the sun and earth. "Are you scared?" Katie wraps her fingers around his wrists. He wraps one arm around her and takes her hand. She whispers, "I'm terrified." "That's okay," Travis looks into her honey colored eyes, his gaze strong and reassuring. "Just trust me." Katie bites down on her quivering lips and nods. She looks at the outline of the rising sun through the curtains and tightens her jaw. "I trust you." Travis wraps her blanket around her and picks her up gently. They look around the room. "You're not coming back." Travis tells her. "No," Katie says, her eyes determined. She looks up at Travis and they smile as he steps out into the daylight. After finishing the series these are still the characters I come back to. Let me know your thoughts :) Favorite line, if you have one.