his lips, Rachel doubled over. When Rachel stood her eyes glowed serpent green. When she spoke, her voice sounded, like three Rachels, One for the past, one for the present and one for the future, similar to the fates. " Seven half-bloods shall answer the call. To storm or fire, the world must fall. An oath to keep with a final breath, And foes bear arms to the Doors of Death. " "Oh crud, another great prophecy" I said. "We can't get a break" "Percy" Apollo said "I wouldn't worry too much. The last took seventy years to complete" I shook my head. "I has about to begin, I can feel it in the air" I said "You can feel it too don't you" He nodded. "I am sorry Percy" he said and flashed out. "Goodbye Percy" Rachel said as she kissed my cheek "Bye" I said "And good luck" Dinner that night was a low key affair and even Ethan had a burial shroud made for him. I sat at the Poseidon table by myself and watched the moonlight on Long island sound. It was peaceful night. "Hey" Annabeth slid next to me on the bench. "Happy birthday" She was holding a large misshapen cupcake with blue icing. I stared at her. "What?" "It's your birthday" she said I leaned over and kissed her and whispered in her ear that I love her "Well, it's about time" Suddenly the pavilion was filled with torchlight and campers. Clarisse led the way as the eavesdroppers charged and hoisted us both on their shoulders "Oh, come on" I complained "Is there no privacy?" "The lovebirds need to cool off" Clarisse said with glee "The canoe lake" Connor Stoll shouted. They carried us to the lake and had obviously forgotten I was the son on Poseidon. I created an air bubbled around us. I was pretty much the best underwater kiss of all time. Camp went late that summer. It lasted another two weeks, right up to the start of the new school year, and I have to admit they were two of the best weeks of my life. The morning of our last day at camp I noticed that my father Poseidon god of the seas was at the dining pavilion, at his table and I must say he looked nervous, or as nervous as a god can be. I walked up to him, "Dad" I said and he looked up "What are you doing here?" "Hello, my son" Dad said with a wry smile on his face, "Walk with me Percy, we have much to discuss" I looked at him confused, but nod anyway. Dad led me to the pier overlooking the Atlantic Ocean and set at the edge of it and then motioned me to join him, "Come on Percy, sit with me" he said and I did as he asked. I shifted nervously, "What do you want to talk about dad?" I asked and he gazed out into the ocean and sigh. "I know what the fates said to you" he said, and I looked at him shocked. "Hhh…How?" I asked, secretly hoping he wont tell the others Olympians. Dad must have witnessed my inner monologue, because he just smiled "Worry not, Percy, I have not intention of telling the others of this, I am just happy you finally claimed your birthright" He said "To be honest I was surprised you were born mortal at all, but I guess it had something to do with will of your mother." I looked at him curiously, obviously a little confused, "What do you mean Dad?" I asked. "I know you are a Primordial god" He answered "How?" I asked "And why did you say it was my birthright to be a Primordial god?" He chuckled slightly, "Well, you are my son after all, and you were conceived when I was in my true form, not Poseidon" He said and my eyes widened. "Then whom might you be, if not Poseidon?" I asked "I am Chaos, father of the Universe" He said and I froze for moment. "You're…You're kidding right?" I asked, hoping he was, but the look in his eyes told me otherwise. "So then, who is my mother?" He smiled, "Your Mother Selena "Sally" Jackson" he said. "So than I should just be a Demi-primordial, shouldn't I?" I asked and he shook his head at me. "No, my son," He said, "I am the beginning of all the normal rules of mortal godly relations don't affect me, so no" "So if you are chaos, why aren't Triton and your other children like me?" I asked, and he grinned. "That is because Poseidon is I, but in my partial form, not my real one," He said, "and also, when I fell in love with your mother, both Chaos and Poseidon fell in love, so I was both when you were conceived. I was the only time it has ever happened. All my other kids, that are not primordial were conceived by Poseidon alone." I looked him happy that he fell in love with my mom and it wasn't just lust, "Oh, that's awesome." I said. "Now Percy I want to train you in the Void to use you power, to their fullest and When the time is right you will be able to turn someone you love into a primordial" He said to me. "Wont that take a long time?" I asked and he shrugged. "A minute here, can be a billion years in the void" He said. "Ok I'm in. When do we start the training?" I asked. "Now" He said opening a black hole like portal to the void, and he walked through it and I followed nervously. Please Review when you are done reading, and also Percy will have many Obstacles, where just being powerful won't help him. He will have to lean on others. He will be as powerful as normal Primordials, just not as experienced yet.