she went in for a kiss. Yes, it certainly was not working like that. "I figured you were tired since you texted me good night again at like 4am," Percy explained, gesturing towards the coffee. Annabeth smiled despite herself, running her hands along the base, "Thanks." "Yeah, of course, anytime," he shook his head as though it was no big deal. "I'll make you coffee anytime." She nodded her head, biting her lip lightly. "You're not wearing a snapback," she observed with a frown, running her hand along the shortened side of his hair. He leaned into it unconsciously, and Annabeth's stomach dropped at the thought of the impeding conversation. "Yeah, I…" He squinted, something he did only when he was truly thinking. "I just… I mean, you said the haircut looked good, and I've started to get used to it. I mean, I'm still gonna wear snapbacks, but I think it works without it too." "So much thought about your attire," she teased, running her thumb along his temple as he closed his eyes. She cupped her hand under his chin, squeezing and rubbing her thumb along his jawline until he opened his eyes. "Perce, this isn't working out," she paused, biting her lip again, "between us, like this." He nodded once, as if he saw this coming, breaking his gaze from hers. "Yeah," he said softly, running his hands along his legs. She bit back a smile, calming at the movements of his hands once again. Annabeth squeezed his chin, lightly pressing it upwards until he met her gaze with saddened eyes. "Percy, it's not working out between us in whatever this current state is," she drew out her words slowly, trying to find the right ones to piece it together, "and I'm— What I'm trying to ask is— If you want to make it official, you know, boyfriend and girlfriend." "It doesn't sound like a question," he stated, and the smirk on his face made her want to hit it away and kiss him at the same time. She decided ultimately to tap his cheek. "It's a question, and I mean, I guess I can give you as much time as you need to think about it. However, I'm sort of hoping you won't have to think about what we are as long as I did." "I—" he paused, the smirk turning into his endearing lopsided grin that caused Annabeth to rub her thumb below her bottom lip. "I mean, yeah, of course, it's a yes." "Percy," she spoke softly with a chuckle, holding his chin, "you can touch me in public or in private, okay? I promise that if you go over any boundaries that I'll tell you, and you have to promise that you'll do the same for me, okay?" "Okay, yeah, I promise," he stated, softly, amazement clouding his eyes. "So, then, does this mean, I can kiss you?" "Yes, you idiot, it means you can kiss me, and you should do it before I'm forced to kiss you." "You always make things so easy," he teased, pressing his lips to hers. It wasn't a fast kiss, and it wasn't slow like the one from three days ago. It was somewhere in between, somewhere that fell within the realm of right, the realm that only Percy could seem to find. His hands were cautious, but he eventually, brought one to her arm, letting it run up her shoulder and to her cheek. His smile was evident against her lips, as she pulled him even closer, leaning into his hand. With less hesitation than before, he brought a hand to her hip and slowed down the kiss to gently draw out every last bit of breath. So when they ran out of breath and their lips finally parted, she kept her eyes closed, letting him rub waves of warmth into her hip bone. He was rubbing her cheek and still sitting close. And if she opened her eyes, she feared it would end, so she didn't; she pressed into his side, wishing to burrow into the moment. "I'm graduating next year, Annabeth," were the words he chose to say. She inhaled once more before letting her eyes open. "So positive, Percy," she teased, hoping to play at being light instead of the heavy feeling that had sunk into her. "No, I mean," he paused, pressing his thumb against her elbow, "I'm graduating next year, and I don't know where I'm gonna end up. I mean, I can't promise that things are going to work out in the end or even next month, but I want— I don't want just days with you where I look back and say how great those days were. I want to be able to look back at those days with you… and I'm not trying to scare you or anything or say that we're going to be together forever. Because really, we could go through hell or something and not make it out. What I suck at saying because I'm rambling is that—" He took a breath, rubbing his thumb in waves along her arm, and Annabeth steadied him with a hand at the base of his neck. "What I'm trying to say is that no matter what hell we end up going through, I'm going to be next to you every step of the way, and I'm always going to give it as much time as you're willing to give and more." She ran her thumb along his jaw, over his cheek, and along the bottom of his lip. "I don't deserve you, Percy, and I don't think anyone in this world does." Percy shook his head, shifting a little closer until her legs overlapped his. "It's not about deserving people Annabeth." He pressed his forehead against hers, the longer hairs on his head tickling her forehead. "It's just about the time you're willing to give it, and you've given me just as much time as I've given you."