hiding their snickers at Hades's confusion. Hera, finally having enough, motioned to her eldest of brothers to hug her back which Hades followed. "Only because it's you, niece," He replied just as softly. Zeus frowned as something came to him. Children of Poseidon were well known for their fatal flaw, excessive loyalty, making them the perfect choice for the prophecy child. His children lusted for power and Hades' held grudges long pass the time to let go just like their father. "What is your fatal flaw, young heroine?" He asked suspicious. Percy released her uncle and faced Zeus, "Loyalty, curiosity and inability to stay in the present are three of my flaw with the last being my fatal which is why I can't allow myself to be the child of prophecy as the fates had planned." She answered resolutely, "I can't be the one to make the choice in any crucial moment and I'm too unreliable, that I will be in the present with the frequency of my visions during that vital moment," She whispered, knowing that the Fates had changed the fatal flaw of son of Jupiter. "Daughter, do you know who the prophesized child is?" Poseidon asked. She turned from the gods, "I have seen who but I do not know how he fulfils the prophecy. The Fates have changed his fatal flaw." "Who is the Prophesized child, Persephone?" Hera asked her great-great-step-daughter. "We might be able to help." She suggested kindly. Percy shook her head, "He's around the same age as me, that's all I can tell you because the Fates have forbidden it." She whispered apologetic. Light bulbs lit up around the room courtesy of Apollo which made Percy giggle. Apollo had figured out why his granddaughter couldn't see how the boy completed the prophecy as he was Roman and her Greek blood ran thicker than her Roman, making it hard for her to focus on the son of Jupiter. It didn't help that they used omens instead of prophecies though the current Augur was completely hopeless at predicting events. "You can't see him easily because they use Omens which means we're going to have to kidnap him, wipe his memories and force him to pretend to be a Greek," He groaned. "Or you could ask him, then twist his memories so he believes that he is Greek in camp Half-blood in the summer while allowing him to stay at New Rome the rest of the time," Persephone suggested, realizing there was a flaw in her half-brother's plan as a fatal flaw like loyalty would cause Apollo's plan to backfire. Betrayal would cause problems as if found out, could turn her demi-god half-brother against them. Hera acknowledged proudly, "My champion, Jason Grace, son of Jupiter and brother of Thalia Grace is the Prophecy child." "Two years until the great prophecy starts," Percy whispered in a trio of voices not her own. The fates had possessed her so that they could speak to the assembled gods and goddesses. When they released her, Percy crumbled on the ground. Apollo was quick to catch her as he was watching her carefully for visions and their power drain. He checked her over for any sign the Fates' possession had damage her in any way. "She's fine, the exhaustion from today has kicked in," he reassured the other Olympians. "Take her back to camp, Apollo, she's not to know of our plans for Jason as the Fates have decided." Zeus ordered, not showing the concern for his niece. Apollo nodded, "I'll stay to make sure that she is okay and explain to the centaur." He replied before teleporting, with Percy, still unconscious, out of the throne room. They appeared in camp, inside the big house where Apollo placed Percy in the infirmary before going to speak to Chiron as he did not approve of how he had spoken to her thus far especially since Luke had warned him that it was difficult to convince her to come to camp and Chiron still almost chased her away. After speaking with Chiron about Percy and the results of the council, Apollo went to his children, knowing that they would be worried about their niece and Will and Luke are still looking for Percy after she had stormed off thanks to the centaur's insensitive words. He found Will and Luke organising his cabin to find Percy, which he chuckled at, knowing that his children and the son of Hermes was overprotective of the soon to be oracle. The Demi-gods jumped at the sudden laugh before bowing to the amused sun god. Apollo bid them to rise before explaining that Percy had a breakdown because of the Centaur's careless words and being exhausted from the constant visions. He informed them that she'll be staying in the infirmary for the next two days to recover before coming to stay in the cabin with his children as her father and he had decided that while she's at camp it would be better for her to be with people instead of being alone. "She's been alone all this time hasn't she, father?" Lee Fletcher, the head counsellor, asked concerned. Apollo smiled sadly at his son and replied, "She ran away from home after discovering that she is a demi-goddess and her mother married an abusive being to protect her." The demi-gods bowed their head at her sacrifice and pain, before promising to look after her while she's at camp. Apollo grinned at his children and informed them that he'll be in the infirmary. Percy didn't awake until the second day, showing how exhausted the girl was. Apollo watched over her, easing her fears and loneliness. His children and Luke were constant visitors to her bedside. Chiron even apologised for his words. When Percy awoke she found her grandfather surrounded by his children and Luke sleeping. She giggled at the sight, waking the sleeping people up. Apollo grinned sheepishly at being caught while the others crowded her with introductions.