mouth, the bruised figure raised a hand to clutch at his jaw. Chuckling the man raised his fists and spread his legs shoulder width apart, "Is this how we're going to do it?" And with that the man shot a punch towards Percy's unprotected stomach with his hand. Percy launched his forearm forward to block the attack. The punch caused a ripple of pain to manifest and spread throughout his throbbing arm. Drawing back his heartbeat raced in his chest while his lungs surged, his rib cage rattled in protest; bones crackling against one another. Percy raised his arm once more, now throbbing in pain, and slammed his fist into his assailant's chest in hopes of winding him. His knuckles cracked in pain as it came in contact. It was solid, almost like punching a sheet of iron. Staggering back confused Percy shook his fist to try and regain some feeling in his finger once more against the unrelenting aching. The other man's eyes widened as if a light bulb had erupted in his head. Panting animalistically, his hands dived towards his sides as he withdrew two sleek and keen knives from their hiding place with a hiss. Crossing his arm in a 'x' shape the man clenched the knives in his palms, knuckles turning white from the lack of blood flowing. His eyebrows furrowed, sweat beating down. "Look, I really don't want to hurt you, and I've had a rough day. So if you could just walk away and forget what you saw then this will all be over." The man pleaded. His eyes were filled with sincerity, and muscles taut. Taking this opportunity to catch his breath, Percy noted that his attacker had maintained a defencive pose for the entirety of the fight. But why? Steeling his eyes and questions for later Percy knew that the only way he would get answers was if he apprehended the man. He spat the blood left in his mouth on the ground and cracked his neck as he weakly raised his arms once more. "Well, I've been told that I have a stubbornness problem." Rushing forward teeth clenched, he grabbed one of the man's wrist; gripping it so hard that the knife dropped on the ground. On instinct, the man raised his other hand. His knife grazed his cheek, blood spewed from the wound as Percy brought down his elbow on the man's arm causing him to drop the other knife. His attacker shoved him back by the shoulders; fingernail digging into his skin making an indent in his trench coat. Percy's hand flew to his cheek, wincing as the pain inflamed tenfold and blood stuck to his hand. Staring disoriantly at the blood Percy blinked lazily and squinted his eyes, he rubbed his hand on his trousers and gritted his teeth together, ignoring the pain from the cut. Percy raised his leg to kick his side in hopes of gaining an upper hand. Seeing this, with almost inhuman speed and reflex, the man grabbed his calf with both hands and twisted it to his left, causing Percy to lose his balance and fall face first in the mud pile that the tires of the car had dug up. He heard the man begin to move away from him and towards the other man who was still left on the ground, groaning. His footsteps squelched in the mud with every step, the geim clinging to his boots. Not so fast. Rolling sideways Percy stuck his leg out to trip his attacker. Caught unaware, thinking he was unconscious; the man fell next to Percy, the back of his head crunched against the ground with a resounding thump. His hands flew to the gash on his head. Cradling it with care as he groaned in pain from his injuries. Taking the opportunity of his opponent's moment of weakness Percy launched himself on top of the man and held his fist in a stationary punching motion, daring him to attempt anything. His frame shook with deep threatening breaths. Percy's sea green eyes were wide with annoyance at the attack; the green seemed to swirl in his pupil like a raging storm on the ocean, its unrelenting attacks increasing with every movement. Despite this he felt his body becoming weak as the adrenaline left him. His fist was slowly inching downwards to his side; his grip on the man's shoulder was becoming loose as well. Leaning forward he whispered in the man's ear, pronouncing each word with a hiss and a click of the tongue, "Whose blood is that?" The man then smirked and chuckled before wincing, not the reaction Percu had hoped for as he dug his elbow into the man's throat prompting another groan from the fallen figure. A grin quickly stretched upon the man's features, dimples deepening, as the blood coating his face dripped onto the ground, matching the now dry blood on his white silk outfit. His face was also littered with a rainbow of bruises, ranging from a pale green to a deep purple, "You're going to have one hell of a headache." What? Another sharp pain on the back of his head, caused Percy to open his mouth in a silent scream as he dropped his fist and moved his hands to the back of his head, completely letting go of the man under him. Seeing the chance, the man crawled away, hands digging in the dirt, grass clinging to his arms. Percy could smell the blood before he felt it. Its metal stench reeked in the air as he prayed that it was from the blood of the other men and not him. Blinking hazily he fell backwards. "Just leave him we have to go." Well that could have gone better , Percy thought before he finally gave into the darkness completely. A.N Thank you for reading once again and please review as I'd like you see how people think about the story and my style of writing.