as he fell backwards. When he opened his eyes he was in his room, dry tears stick to his cheeks. He straightened his back and saw his girlfriend Piper smiling sadly at him. For a moment he hoped that day was all a dream, but he couldn't believe it. The images of Percy and Reyna dying right in front of him were too strong in his head that he knew it couldn't be a dream. He felt like a wimp but he broke down in tears into Piper's chest. He hugged him tightly and rubbed his back. Telling his that everything will be okay. But nothing will be okay. He looked up, determent not to break down again. His eyes were stormy as the sky in a thunder storm. "It was Gaea." Piper informed him. "The arrow was made of earth. It crumbled to dust the moment we pulled it out." Now, Jason's heart was pounding like crazy. He was angry! No, he was furious! He was angry at Gaea for making his life so miserable! He was angry at Athena for her stupid revenge! He was angry at the gods more mistreating all of their demigod children, like they were pawns in a chess game! H e knew he was being weak for this entire day. He was crying, breaking down. He even lost his conscious when he saw Reyna dies. He couldn't be like that. He was suppose to be a fierce Roman warrior. Praetor of the Twelfth Legion Fulminata. Not some wimp who cries all day long. He needs to be a tough warrior that will stand tall and keep fighting no matter what happens. He couldn't keep like this. He emptied his face from every emotion and looked to Piper straight in the eyes. He knew that he will do anything to keep her safe, if it will be needed he will give his life for her. For anyone on this ship. Although his heart ached for the loss of his long time friend he couldn't break down again. H couldn't show weakness. Not again. He was a Roman for Gods' sake! The son of Jupiter nonetheless! He couldn't go around crying all day! "What happened while I was out?" Piper told him everything that happened since he left with Reyna to Percy's. He didn't like most of what he heard. She explained what happened after he shouted Reyna's name. Nico confirmed Reyna was dead. They laid Reyna next to Percy since they didn't have much room for bodies. Jason didn't mind, they both were honorary heroes. He told Piper to go back to her room. That he needs some time to think. She gave him a gentle kiss and a warm smile and left the room. Maybe Jason was the leader. Or whatever people wanted to call him, he stayed in his room all day long. As the rest of the demigods. None of them had been in the mood for a talk in those hours. And Jason kept cursing Athena more and more. "You stupid ugly hag!" He had shouted into the air, staring at the ceiling of his bunk, which for him always looked like the sky. For each of them a special design to his room, his of hers godly parent. For him it was Jupiter, lord of the sky. "Did you had to interfere the quest? Why in Tartarus you were created any way? So you could have kids and then send them to their death?! Because yes! That's exactly what you're being doing for the lest millennium! No wonder Poseidon's hates you! You are one fucking wh-" Jason didn't get to finish his sentence. The ship shook violently. On impulse he had run to the Percy's room. To check if his body and Reyna's body were okay. He knew he should have worried the living more than two dead people, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. His room was the closest room to Percy's. He knew that if Annbeth would have been awake she would have somehow gotten first to his room. But Annabeth... Well, tried to kill herself once or twice. After making her swear on the river Styx that she would never try to kill herself, Piper charmed peak the daughter of Athena to something like three days of sleep, so she coul have a good rest after her time in Tartarus, none of them knew how the Athena Parthenos had spat the two demigods out of Tartarus but they were glad it did. They couldn't live with themselves if Annabeth would've died as well. When Jason left his cabin his eyes widened. He saw hurricanes and tornados in the far, lightning ruffled in the air, but it seemed Jupiter or Zeus had no control over it. The rain slammed onto him and the small tsunami waves crashed at the ship. Shaking and rocking the Argo II like it a little plain from Paper who caught in a wind wave. He looked on the stormy night sky for a more second holding his handle. The moment he left the handle of the door a wave came from behind and crashed the ship so Jason lunged forward toward Percy's room. It was like every rocking of the ship was helping to push forward. He burst into the room. He took one glimpse of the room and pulled his gladius. Near Percy's body, on the edge of the bed was sitting a man. He stroke Percy's hair a murmured things. Jason was about to charge at the man when the man turned his head around and Jason quickly recognized him and fell to one knee. It was quite obvious who the man was. He was handsome, and muscular. He a surfer body. Strong jaw and perfect featured. His eyes were beautiful Sea-Green and his hair was wind-blown jet black. In front of Jason was The God of The Seas, Creator of Horses and the Earth shaker. Lord Poseidon.