her. I told her I had to go. I explained that I had to get Max to Camp Half Blood where he belonged. Ben came rushing over. "Gods, Renaya! Are you okay? I've got some healing salve in my cabin, I'll go get it!" Ben exclaimed turning and rushing off yet again. I laughed. I sent Max off with Frank and Mrs O Leary. She'd get him back safely. "Seems Ben would be happy here. Don't you think, Renaya? Renaya!" I snapped my fingers at Renaya, who was staring off at Ben. I bit back a smile. "You like—" I began. "Tell a single soul and I'll come to Camp Half Blood and rip your head off." She growled. I grinned. "He likes you too." I said. "I'm going to go pack my stuff." I did just that. Finally I found a saddle for Saxon, who insisted on coming. I was ready. Nico met me when I was just about to get on the waiting Saxon. "Where are you going?" he asked. There was an unnecessary bandage around his arm. "Home. I'm sure Percy is desperate for me to come and win capture the flag." I said. Nico frowned. "I'll go pack." He said, rushing off. I sighed. Do we have to wait for him. We could always go now... Saxon suggested. I shook my head, no. I couldn't leave now. I got on Saxon none the less. "Can you take me to that secret lake once more? I want to get something." Saxon sped off at my command. We reached the lake quickly. I picked though the tall grass. There, as I remembered, were two flowers, anemones, blossoming together. One was a stunning dark purple, the other a delicate blue. I went over and touched their stems. Taking out my dagger, I carefully sliced through them at an angle. I'd put them into a vase when I got back to Camp Half Blood. I rode off, ready to leave. I only beat Nico by a minute. If Saxon had been any amount of seconds slower, Nico would have been there before me. As it was, when he came over, I was sitting down on the kerb, waiting. "You ready?" Nico asked. I nodded. "Don't want anything to remember this place by?" I smiled. "I have something to remember this place by." I smirked. Nico frowned, his eyes going wide. Then I realised. He thought I meant my arm. Oops. I took out the two flowers. Nico relaxed and took a closer look. Then his eyes brightened. "Last time I properly spoke to you, you said something. You have something to tell me?" he grinned. I nodded sheepishly. "But it will have to wait." I said, as Saxon nickered impatiently. I mounted quickly. Nico followed, wrapping his arms around my waist. My heart fluttered. I ignored it, urging Saxon into the air. I turned him and headed over the seas, following the OE track. When we landed, everybody on the basketball court turned to face us. Percy and Clarisse, standing in the middle of the crowd, dropped their weapons. Another fight!? In a second we were surrounded. We slipped off of Saxon together. I sighed as Percy pushed his way through the crowd. Nico pulled me back into his arms and we disappeared. I gasped as we landed on the soft sand of the beach. I could see the sun setting in the distance. Nico sat us down, keeping his arms around me. My pulse hammered. For a while, we just sat there, staring at the sunset, trapped in an embrace. Eventually my pulse returned to normal. Nico cleared his throat quietly. "What were you going to tell me?" Nico asked. "I don't know how to say it." I said, just as quiet. Nico smiled. I stayed quiet, thinking about how to say it. Then I made up my mind. Keep it simple. Just say it. "I-I love you." I whispered, barely audible. For a second we were both locked in a shocked silence. Then, a sudden shout echoed off the trees. "I know you're down there Ria! Get here NOW!" Percy shouted. I sighed, looking up at the hill. Stupid brother, with stupid bad timing. Nico helped me up, smiling to himself. He wrapped his arm round my waist. Together, both smiling, we went to meet my idiotic brother. I planned on shouting at him. Piper and Annabeth got there first. "What did you do that for, Seaweed Brain! They were having a moment!" Annabeth shouted. "You might have ruined it! Gods of Olympus Percy!" Piper shouted. "That was the point!" Percy shouted back. I grinned. "Sorry Perce. I beat you, yet again!" I called. Percy spun the anger disappearing from his face for a mere second. Then he noticed Nico arm around me. His expression turned murderous. In a flash, he was charging at Nico, Riptide in hand. Nico was too stunned to react, but I wasn't. I stopped Percy's sword and pushed him to the ground, disarming him with a flick of my wrist. Then everybody burst out laughing, at the exact same time. Nico grinned and helped Percy up with his free hand. Percy flushed as he went and took up his sword. Together, we all walked off, to go get dinner. Later that night, Nico and I sat on the beach. "Where were we, before your brother interrupted us?" Nico smiled devilishly. "No way! I am not saying it again. I barely managed it last time!" I said, annoyed. Nico laugh and pushed a stray strand of hair behind my ear. "I waited a while to do this…" he whispered, leaning in close. He touched his lips to mine for a brief second. Then grinning, he deepened the kiss, his hand cupping my cheek. Barely aware of what I was doing, I wrapped my arms around his neck. Nico pulled back gently, and we lay down. Enveloped in peace, we stared up at the moon.