find his voice. "I don't need any help. I just scratched it. Just- just go away. We can do this later," he pleads. I should listen to him. I shouldn't get involved in this. But for some reason, I can't tear my eyes away from him. Maybe because I've seen this before. I grab his arm, gently, at first, but he struggles against me. I grip it tighter, and he's no match for me. I could easily break him in half. "Let me go!" He protests, and I know I should. I barely know him, and here I am, invading his privacy. "Nico, did you do this to yourself? I mean, like, on purpose?" He looks me straight in the eye and says, "Fuck off." But I don't. I use my other hand to reach for his sleeve. I pull it up, and- He slaps me hard across the face. It takes a minute for the shock to register before I stumble back. "Leave," he says. And so I do. By the time I get home, I'm still trying to process what the hell just happened. My cheek is still stinging; he must have hit me pretty hard. Nico cuts himself. I feel surprised, but part of me thinks I shouldn't be. All of the signs were there. The long sleeves, the isolation, the sad look he's always wearing. I should have recognized it sooner. He's the third person I've known to do this to himself. I walk into the front door and see that my mom is already asleep on the couch. Her arm is draped over the side, and she has a knife held loosely in her hand. I sigh. She usually sleeps with one under her pillow, for fear someone will break into the house in the middle of the night. I pry it gently from her hand and set it down on the coffee table. Then I scoop her up in my arms and carry her down the hall to her bed. I can do that, because I doubt she weighs more than 90 pounds. I tuck her into bed and kiss her goodnight. I remember the first time I realized my mother was sick. It was only about a week before my dad left. I guess that's because when her crazy became too much for him to handle, it was also too much for her to hide. Sometimes, I think I can almost understand why he left; I know that she's not easy to take care of. And I know he probably felt that he shouldn't have had to take care of a grown woman, because I feel that way sometimes. But mostly, I just feel angry at him for abandoning her, and leaving a nine year old kid to watch over her. I barely even knew what was going on. But I didn't have a choice; I couldn't leave like he could. I sometimes wonder if he ever thinks about us, or if he just walked away and never looked back. The weekend before he left, she had been crying more than usual. I mean, she always cried a lot. I remember feeling sad that she was sad, but I don't think I realized how abnormal it was for someone to be that sad. That Saturday night, I think, I woke up from a nightmare; I had those all the time back then. I heard this loud sobbing coming from the bathroom. Of course, I automatically assumed there must a monster, or a robber or something. But what I found was worse. My mom was sitting in our bathtub, with steam rising up all around it, and the water stained red. To this day, I have this image of her like that stuck in my head, with a razor blade poised over her wrist. Her eyes in it are wide and frantic, the way Nico's were today. When I was fourteen, I found out that my best friend Piper did the same thing. She's gay, and figuring that out was a really confusing time for her. When she told me, I was supportive, but she started bawling in the middle of our conversation. And by bawling, I mean ugly, snot-dripping-down-her-nose bawling. That's when she told me what she had done, and when I started to cry too. I told her about my mom and, after that, she stopped. I mean, it was a lot complicated than just stopping, even though she had been doing it for only a few months, but I think what I told her scared her enough for her to make a genuine effort. Now, at 17, she's completely happy, and so is her girlfriend, Reyna. But for some reason, I have a feeling Nico's case is more similar to my mom's. Piper was alone and confused and I don't want to understate how hard it was for her. But my mom… Like Nico, she's skin and bones because she barely eats anything. She carries around this little notebook with her, and in it, she records everything she eats. And she's usually too anxious to even leave the house; she only does if she absolutely has to. I assume Nico must be anxious, too, given the way he was shaking. And… his arms were really, really fucked up. Most of Piper's scars are white lines, where his are red and purple and raised from the rest of his skin. Even the ones that looked like they were old. I wonder how long he's been doing this. I wonder why. And I decide that I'm going to help him. I'm not going to be like my dad and abandon people I can help. Author's Note: Hello! I hope you enjoyed this chapter! I would be really grateful if you could review this because I plan on giving it to my sister as a present, and I want it to be as good as possible when I do. Thank you for reading! xxx