pointing at the corner of the room her face soaked with tears that kept coming out. She stopped struggling, her shoulders slumped in defeat and her eyes red and puffy. So was the boy. The red-headed girl was on her knees banging on the floor and sobbing. The other girl, the brown-haired one kept struggling screaming at Lighnting-Bolt-Dude: "I'll kill you, Zeus! I don't care you're immortal you'll reach the Underworld one way or another!" I grinned at her and silently praid that she will keep that promise. When Nico saw Perseus - Percy fits him better - lying dead on the floor he didn't waste a second running to him. His eyes already leaking up with tears. "NO, PERCY!" He fell to his knees, sobbing next to Percy's body muttering "No, it can't be true. He isn't dead. My cousin, he can't be dead." But I saw he knew better than believing his own words. But then he noticed me. I was shocked, until now no-one noticed me here, but he was looking right in my eyes. His black teary eyes staring deep into mine, as if seeing every secret I have. "Who are you?" he whispered, barely audible, I almost couldn't hear him. "Piper McLean." I squeaked quietly. "Nico Di Angelo." He whispered, his voice was base deep. Like the bottom of a pit with a dark echo. "But what am I doing here? Who are you guys? Why all the Giant Dudes have names from the Greek Mythology? Why am I here? Why they killed this guy? He didn't look like someone deserved it. Why no-one did something? Is this a dream? How does everyone here seem related to everyone?" I ranted eagerly, unable to stop myself. "Yes, it's a dream." Nico said. "But it's a demigod dream, what means that the dream is completely real. You're a demigod. I don't have much time to explain. But the Greek Mythology is not so mythical. It's real. Your mom or dad is a Greek god or goddess. I know it sound ridiculous but I'm saying the truth. This guys on the thrones are the twelve Olympians -" "There are only eleven over there." I interrupted. After this blizzard dream I had no problem to believe anything. Nico frowned and looked at the U. But then he chuckled a little. I frowned as well and I swear that if it wasn't for the situation I was in I would of cracked up laughing and tearing up from the laughter until nightfall. Nico's dad pinned Lightning Bolt Dude - Zeus - into the wall and was pushing his own lightning Bolt into his ass! All the other Gigantic Guys - I guess I should them gods - were staring shocked and partly amused to the sight. Hermes and the goddess by the hearth, Hestia I assumed were smily smugly. "You good-for-nothing-Air-For-Brains!" Nico's dad pushed the lightning bolt a little harder. "My nephew is dead and you killed him you man-whore! Now bring Poseidon back and heal him before I stick that lightning bolt so deep that you will never get it out!" "Okay, Okay!" Zeus squeaked. And with a flash of light a man appeared by the hearth. He was ashen pale, his body shivering and sweat was purring down his forehead. His hair was massy black like his brother that now I recognized as Hades, god of the dead and he looked like he was struggling to keep his eyes open. "Oh, brother." Hestia gasped and managed to scoop a little ahead to Poseidon who was barely breathing in ragged breaths. She held him close and put her hand on his forhead. With a warm orange glow his body went limp. My heart almost stoped when for a second I thought he was dead, but then I noticed his rising and falling chest. His skin was slowly regaining its color, he was sun-kissed tan. He stopped sweating and breathed evenly. He was only asleep. I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding. I turned my gaze to Nico. "What happens now? No that I know I'm a demigod, there's got to be a catch. My luck isn't that good that I could just keep on living." I asked, rather calm. I mean, the calmest I can be after seeing someone dies. He raised an eyebrow. "You're not surprised?" I managed a low chuckle. "After a dream like that - I could I be?" Nico gave the same low chuckle as me. "I guess you're right, Piper." He told me, then sighed deeply. "Now you need to get to a safe place. Where do live? I'll come to get you." I was a little incerdulous about going to a 'safe place' with someone I barely know. But he seemed trustable. "I go to the Wilderness School, corrently we're on our way to the Grand Canyon." "School? But it's Christmas." Nico frowned. "No it's not." I argued. Nico seemed to ponder about it. Then something seemed to click. "What's the date today?" "The twenty seven in September 2009." Nico nodded, like he knew something I didn't, he probably did. He pulled something from his pocket, a Greek sword - How did he managed to put that thing inside of his jeans pocket? - Half Silver half black metal that I didn't recognize, with a Steal hilt. "You'll need protection until I'll get to you." He explained. "This would be enough, I guess." He pressed the hilt hard and the sword turned into a beautiful hairpin with a diamond on it. He pressd the daimond and the hairpin turned back into a sword. I took the sword and pressed the hilt. It turned into a hairpin again. I gethered my hand together and with the sword\hairpin made a low ponytail that rested on my shoulder. "Thank you, Nico." Before He could respond something happened. Percy's body glowed gold and then - Oh, my gods. The body crumbled to dust.