she continued with a shocked face and so I was; I was dry, but how come don't you get wet when you go underwater. "Yes I am Arty, but what does it mean," I asked, now I was shocked and I was wondering why I wasn't wet there are so many unanswered questions in my head right now. "I don't know Perseus; now come here and we can get back to training," she finished off now not looking shocker or confused at all, but had a look of 'I feel sorry for you' . Grudgingly I headed off over to her and we walked back to the archery range, well she first changed from her wet garments to some clean ones and then we went to go and practice my Archery. Artemis POV: (After Archery Lesson) Firstly I was shocked that he was alive from going through rapids and then staying underwater for well over 10 minutes and then bursting out the water like a fish, but sadly this meant on thing he was a child of Poseidon, a very strong at that, I had proof as well; the ability to breathe underwater or stay underwater for a long period of time, staying dry when making contact with water which happened when he came out from the water and thirdly he told me he talked to a Naiad called Hannah when in the lake and she addressed him as Lord. Back to reality, the archery lesson was actually good this time; Percy good now shoot straight and hit his first bulls-eye, but most of the time he hit the yellow or red and at the start he only hit the blue, in my eyes that was a massive improvement from his attempts before. Right now I had just been informed about a council meeting from Hermes, it was clear he had tried to flirt with the hunters with him holding his manly areas and groaning when he walked up to me luckily I had hidden Percy from Hermes so that meant only I knew about Percy being in the Hunt; right now I didn't want the other Gods to hear of me looking after a boy. So I told the Hunter, well the older ones to look after Percy whilst I was gone, when I told them they had a mischievous glint in their eyes, I hope Percy can stay safe or at least out of their way, Gods' know what they are going to do to him/ Flashing to Olympus I instantly knew something was anew in the council from the brewing storm clouds around Poseidon's throne and the flickering electricity from my Father's throne. That is when I heard the shouting, "How dare you have a child Poseidon, are you trying to doom Olympus," Zeus bellowed over the crackling of lightning and the rumbling storm clouds. "How dare you accuse me off trying to doom Olympus I am not the only one without a child and yours is much older than mine." Poseidon growled back, he must be referring to Thalia, but Zeus couldn't possibly of have known of Percy he was now under my guard, unless Poseidon had another child. "I should smite your child down right now for breaking our pact Poseidon," Zeus said, picking up his master bolt which was now flickering with power and coursing with electricity. "If you lay a finger on my child I swear I will kill your child," Poseidon threatened back; they were at a stalemate, both not wanting to lose each other's child, but Zeus wanted Poseidon's out the way. Interrupting and speaking for the first time in the meeting, "Poseidon what is your child's name, if I may ask." Fixating his gaze on me Poseidon began to speak, "Artemis his name is Damion; and why do you ask." "Just curious," which was a complete lie, I was just wondering if Percy was Poseidon's son, but it appears not unless Poseidon forgot which is highly unlikely because unlike Zeus, Poseidon actually stays with his lover for a bit and doesn't forget them so that brings me to a stalemate over who Percy's actual father is. The rest of the meeting was a blur with pointless arguments and discussions which led nowhere and I was relieved when it finally came to an end. It was now about 9pm mortal time and most of the Hunters were in bed or extremely tired when I came back to the camp. I rounded all the awake ones up and sent them to bed that is when I realised Percy wasn't with the wolves or in my tent or anywhere else for that matter. Searching around the perimeter of the camp I could hear some muffled sounds coming from a tree in the distance, racing over to said tree I found Percy, but not how I would expect to find him, he was hanging upside down from his feet which were strapped onto a tree. Sighing loudly I hopped up to the branch and released him and he was sent to the floor; fast. He was lying sprawled out on the floor groaning, too tired to care who did this to him even though I had my predictions who did I sent him to his confinements and I flashed to my bed. Letting the exhaustion of the say get to me I flashed my clothes on and went to sleep. A/N a total of 6,500 words that is the most I have ever written. Anyway I won't be deciding the pairing/s just yet, but if you have a request leave it as a review. Expect next chapter sometime in the next 1-2 weeks these chapters will come out less frequently to The Forgotten Hero and Slave to the Moon (When I finally update it) because they will be longer chapters. Anyway remember to Fav and Follow. Drop a Review or PM me with idea. And tell me if it was Good/Bad/Atrocious. Good night... A-Quote.