my godly parent is as it is irrelevant. I moved out of the country when I was young. I won't go into detail but while outside the country I was located by other gods, not Greeks. They said I had a great destiny and bestow blessings upon me, giving me than godly aura that you sensed. One of the gods was the god of knowledge so he taught me all about the Greeks, your roman counterparts and both camps. When I came here my plan was to do some secret exploring and research of both camps to see if they were ready. However more often than not I found myself using my powers to help the wild life which gave away my presence to you. So I assumed Zeus sent for me as I had the hunt after me for quite a while. Right now I am heading to your roman camp to evaluate their defenses. I am a bit worried about camp half-blood. They haven't been informed of the threat and their numbers of capable warrior is very low. Unless the roman camp is in worst shape I plan to go camp half-blood and help them prepared with the battle against… well you know." Both goddesses were gaping like fish at the over load of information they had just received. This, well demigod had a lot of information. As much as a god and even then some gods were not aware of the rising danger. This explanation gave them more questions than answers. "Can you at least tell us which gods found you, Egyptian? Norse?" Asked Hestia curious to get more info. Percy seemed to ponder this for a mount before finally answering. "Neither, it was the Aztec gods, probably haven't heard of them. They aren't exactly very well know" Hestia tried to think, she heard of the Aztecs, but since they were exterminated and no one really seemed to pass on the myths, she had assumed they vanished. Artemis though the same. "How is that possible? The Aztec gods vanished long ago. Not many mortals are even aware of them" "That's true lady Artemis, they are all but forgotten. They were almost fading when they found me. They said that they would live through me and blessed me; even to this day I don't know the full extent of my blessing. I use it manly to protect wild life and humans occasionally if I see someone being abused. Now I am trying to help you fight an inevitable war that frankly I am not certain you can win, but I am willing to help you increase your chances. All I ask is that you keep this encounter a secret for a few more years. If I were to reveal myself to Zeus right now he would most probably try to execute me for being a threat. I would defend myself and we could potentially end up killing each other and the titans would undoubtedly win. So please give me a little time to work from the shadows and help you until the battle comes." Artemis was thinking deeply. Trying to find and deceit in his words, when she found none she sighed. "I shall not say anything about this encounter but I am not completely satisfied with your explanation either. When we meet again I hope to get a better explanation. You are the first male that I have ever trusted, but you don't seem to be like a normal male plus you have the favor of Hestia who I believe to be one of the wisest among us. Don't make me regret this boy or I will hunt you down to the end of the earth." "Sounds fair to me, thank you milady" He said respectfully as he bowed "If that is all then I shall take my leave" He got up and aimed for the door when he was called over. "Just a moment, Percy was it? One more thing" said artemis surprisingly calm. "Yes what c-" That's as far as he got before he got hit in the chest so hard he was sent flying out of the tent and into a tree. Hestia's eyes widen before they narrowed as she glared at Artemis. "What?" she asked innocently. "He hit me in the stomach first, I have killed male for far less, but since you persuaded I was merciful. He is fine, probably, maybe a couple of broken ribs but nothing major." Hestia sighed as she left the tent and looked down at the unconscious demigod. She smiled sadly, such a pure spirit, yet she felt he would have a hard path ahead of him. A/N: Well hello there! So yesterday something really stupid happened and I was super mad and that accompanied by the insanity, don't know by who just search insanity soul eater in YouTube, inspired me to write this fic. I have had the urge to write something like this since Aztec mythology is often ignored and since I recently read a Norse version of Percy by Anaklumus14 I decided to do my own approach and write my very first Percy Jackson fanfic. Fitting to since yesterday blood of Olympus came out. I REALLY want to read it but since I am in Germany and didn't pre order it I will probably have to wait a year like I did for mark of athea. *sigh* Anyway, thoughts on the story? Like it? Hate it? Wanted to burn slowly on a fire? Be honest and let me know what you think. To anyone that reads my other fics I am sorry to say that they are probably in hiatus. Emphasis on probably. I am working on the chosen fan fic so that will probably get an update but the monster guardian… Like I know where I want to go, I even have the ending planed, but is this middle part I have trouble with. Anyway enough rambling. Bye! Peace and calm Al red.