you try to play it off as no big deal." Nico seemed like he was going to argue but Will stopped him again. "I know you do, why else would you rush off in the middle of the night alone to help someone you don't even know and send for help when you couldn't do it on your own?" Nico didn't say anything and Will placed his hand on top of Nico's and then laced their fingers together. "You have such a good heart and I hope everyone else gets the chance to see it like I have." Nico was blushing like crazy but he was also smiling and Will was so happy to see it. They sat quietly for a while just enjoying each other's presence for the time being. Finally Will looked over at the clock and saw that it was past 2:30 am. You should really get some rest now; I don't want you to be too tiered tomorrow. Nico looked at him a bit confused. "Because it's not good for my health?" Will smiled at him, he was learning. "Well that and because I was hoping to take you on a date and make this official." He said gesturing to their still joined hands and the sweetest smile he has ever seen made its way to Nico's lips and dear gods of Olympus he didn't know if he'd make it to tomorrow if Nico kept this up. "I'll look forward to that then, good night Will." He said as he leaned forward and placed a soft kiss to Will's cheek before settling back into the bed. Will knew he was grinning like an idiot as he raised his hand to his cheek but he didn't care. He got up from the bed and turned off the light before leaving after sending one last glace at Nico and closing the door behind him. He then went to find Chiron and talk to him about what had happened and after explaining what he knew Chiron had told him about how the Nymphs had brought the boy and said that he was a son of Iris and would be joining his siblings tomorrow. He also said that after reaching the infirmary the zombie, Jules-Albert, had gone back to the underworld after accomplishing his task. Will was glad that everything was going to be okay and happily made his way back to cabin 7 and after being sure that his siblings were fast asleep and no one was going to be waking up screaming about zombies, Will settled back in bed and thought of the feeling of soft lips that still lingered on his cheek. He had a date tomorrow and he was going to be as well rested as he could be for it! … Will woke up as happy as could be and got his cabin ready to head out for breakfast, nobody asked about the zombie, possibly chalking it up to some mass hallucination or something but Will didn't mind. As they got to the dining pavilion and got settled Will saw Nico make his way over from Cabin 13, he must have just gotten dressed before heading over. Will couldn't help but smile as Nico got closer. "Good morning." Will said still smiling and Nico looked over and smiled back pure and simple and Will felt as though the day just got a whole lot brighter. "Good morning." And with that Nico went over and joined Percy and Jason at their now joined table so that the children of the Big Three wouldn't be alone. Many eyes were on the two of them with clear bewilderment at the exchange. Before everyone started eating Chiron stood up and announced that they had a new camper joining them, his name is Kyle and he is a son of Iris, the Iris campers cheered and welcomed their new brother over and Nico and Will exchanged glances, it was good to know that Kyle would be okay. They ended up trading glances throughout the meal and at one point Will's brother Austin nudged him in the ribs to ask what the Hades was going on between him and di Angelo. Will smiled and stood up to clear his plate. "I've got a date today; do you think you can handle things for today's activities?" Austin looked back and forth between Will and Nico and his eyes blew wide as he pieced it together. "Wait seriously?" and Will nodded still smiling. "Uh yeah, sure, have fun." Austin said and as Will left the table he could hear the excited chatter coming from his siblings, something about: "Well it's about time!" or "Hah! I knew it!" and "Was that zombie some sort of messenger for asking someone out? Is that what they do in the Underworld?" Will ignored them as he made his way over to Nico. "You ready to go?" the others looked completely at a loss for words as they stared at the two of them. Nico didn't even try to hide how thrilled he was that this was happening and stood up and after clearing his plate into the fire, laced his fingers with Will's as they left the dining pavilion. "More than ready, let's go Sunshine." Will and Nico laughed as they walked and from behind them they could hear a chorus of What just happened?! Okay here we go! If my brain lets me I'll write about their date, honestly I didn't even think I'd get this much, holy hell, I just thought randomly of Will waking up to seeing a zombie standing next to his bed and screaming and then this was born. Also I hate that not enough people actually acknowledge that Nico can actually glow, it happened in House of Hades look it up, anyway I wanted to work that in. Please review I know you can! and I promise to try and update the other stories as soon as I can! Ammstar out.