seven-thirty sharp. When the door opened he was slightly blown away. She wore red heels and a dress with a moderate lace neckline, off the shoulders, and slits up either thigh. Her hair was up with curled tendrils escaping and her makeup was done. It was somewhere between classy and casual. "You look -" Percy made vague gestures. "Like you're both heading to a funeral. For the love of the gods." Leo sighed, coming out of the cabin with Piper behind him. Annabeth pouted. Pouted . It drew her lips down in an adorable manner that had him biting the inside of his lip. "Be quiet, Leo. They both look nice." Piper chastised. "Her dress is dark enough to be black!" Leo protested. "Percy's wardrobe is very, sort of . . . Monochromatic. No matter what I wear at least I won't offset him all that much if at all." Annabeth rationalized. "Other colours really aren't my thing." Percy said. "Unless they're dark." Piper pointed out. Percy rolled his eyes. He held out his hand to Annabeth and kissed the back of her hand just as when he'd gotten his answer. Over the past couple weeks he would greet her with the simple gesture and bid her farewell with the tip of an invisible hat. It made it even better that the daughter of Athena would blush - becoming fairly flustered - every time. Holding out his elbow for Annabeth to take, he said, "Time to wine and dine you, Annabeth. You ready?" She bit her lip slightly and nodded, taking his elbow. Percy treated her first to a nice dinner and they spoke about everything and nothing. It was surprising how easy it was to talk to her. How easy the conversation flowed. Sure, there were a few things he didn't quite understand (such as when she spoke about architecture), he was still more than willing to try and follow it; making it seem like he was greatly interested - which he was. She even mentioned how she took on the curse of Achilles to go against Kronos due to a certain bit of outside help. Percy suspected Nico or Bianca with their snooping. He didn't quite believe it at first considering he took a steak knife and tried to jab her (lightly) with it when no one was looking. It broke. Percy had to leave extra money aside from the tip to cover it with a note saying he was sorry. It was worth the embarrassment. Annabeth never stopped laughing at his attempt and dumbfounded expression. What was really surprising was that since going to camp, he hadn't killed once. Well, except for when a guy tried to snatch Annabeth's purse when he was still paying and she was outside waiting for him, enjoying the night. Annabeth put him on his ass before Percy broke his wrist and decided that he would no longer be an issue to anyone. "That isn't very nice of you." Annabeth chastised him. "Neither is mugging someone, but that didn't stop him, now did it?" Percy arched an eyebrow. Annabeth tsked at him. "You can still get your point across without having to murder someone. You'll get caught eventually." "Perhaps, but not tonight at the very least. I don't intend on getting caught. You don't need my protection, definitely not, but I don't think I'll be able to let anything slide when it comes to you." Her grey eyes sparkled up at him. "Oh? And why is that?" "Because I like you, Annabeth. I think you're special." Percy bent to murmur into her ear, lips grazing the shell of her ear. She shivered and leaned into him. "Nothing special about me that warrants so much trouble, Percy." "That's where you're wrong. Aside from the things I listed when I said I wanted to date you to begin with. You're kind and caring, too. Not to mention . . . I think you're trying to tame someone like me. That can be dangerous, and yet you're still willing to try." Annabeth laughed. He wanted to see that on her face, the happiness, especially so soon after losses and a war. "Someone has to try, don't they?" With the night - regretfully - coming to an end he walked her through Camp Half-Blood to her cabin door. They weren't holding hands, but they were extremely close to where they brushed against one another on occasion. Sneaking glances at each other constantly, sly and coy smiles from Percy and Annabeth respectively. Stopping in front of the door, he set his arm against the doorframe and leaned in close to trap her against it and him. "Will I be lucky enough to get a second date with such a lovely lady?" Annabeth was looking up at him head on. Not through lowered lashes, or coyly, but with a fierceness that tightened his stomach. "This night wasn't completely terrible. I think you've earned it on one condition." "And what might that be?" Percy was chuckling softly. "No killing anyone next time. It ruins the mood, Percy." Percy gave a dark grin, which didn't appear to unsettle her just yet. "My, my. Such a high demand. I can't promise you not to, but I can promise to try not to." Annabeth smiled dazzlingly. "I'm holding you to it." "Why, Miss Chase, you really are trying to change me, aren't you?" Percy drawled, easing closer teasingly. Annabeth pressed a kiss to his cheek before slipping under his arm and into the cabin. Just before she shut the door, she smiled sweetly and said, "I thought I was trying to tame you, Percy. There's a difference." Percy laughed, long and loud. Annabeth was going to be the death of him. Notes: There is only this one chapter for this, because I'm not sure about adding another, or continuing on to go through the Heroes of Olympus. Review or message me, if you'd like. I would love to hear what you think.