how about it, would the Dread pirate Roberts be so kind as to accept this dance?" To which Nico replies. "As you wish." And accepts the hand that Will had extended to him. Nico didn't even care that people were looking at them especially when a slow song came on and Will took the lead. At the back of his mind Nico thought that if his dad had been right about the pig's blood then maybe it would be worth it. … Nico couldn't believe just how much time he and Will had spent together since he had arrived at the party, it was already well past 11 and they hadn't parted yet. At no point had Will even asked what his name was, he only asked things like what kinds of movies he liked or his favorite memory of Halloween and Nico had told him gladly. "There was this one house that I went to with my sister when we were still pretty young, the lights were orange and red and gave off this creepy glow, there were dead leaves everywhere and when you walked into the yard at the side of the house like the sign said, you were greeted by the wife who was dressed as a witch and she said to pick up a leaf from the coffin which was a refrigerator box or something I think, anyway when you did that then the son would pop up dressed as a vampire and scare you, but the best part of all was when the old alarm clock rang then the husband who we didn't even realise was there and dressed as a werewolf stood up from what looked like a lifeguard's chair and started chasing you around the yard on stilts!" Nico was so excited talking about the memory and his hands were flying around as he gestured the actions and Will laughed. "Oh wow! Now that's a family that's really dedicated to Halloween!" Nico smiled. "Yeah, my sister now lives on the east coast but we still try our best to make Halloween as great for kids as those people did for us." Will nodded in understanding. "Man I wish I could have been there, though I'd probably have screamed so badly when the werewolf on stilts started chasing me!" they both laughed. "You know, you have a really great laugh." Will said as they finally sobered from the laughing fit. "It was especially cute when you snorted earlier." Will chucked and Nico tried to act insulted but he was too focused on the fact that Will Solace had just called him cute. "Are you insulting my honor your highness? I may just have to challenge you to a duel." Will smiled and quirked a brow at him. "To the death?" Nico smiled in return. "No. to the Pain." And with that they were back to laughing again. "I hope we can get the chance to do this again sometime." Will said as he leaned closer to Nico as they sat side by side on a bench at the edge of the room, the rest of the party goers were still on the dancefloor, by the snacks, or sitting somewhere off to the sides like there were. Nico looked at Will trying to figure out why he would want to spend more time with him. "Why would you want that?" Nico asked, he and Will may have had friends in common but they had never really talked or spent time together. "Because I like you and I've had a great time with you tonight." Will said as he turned more to face Nico so that he could see that he really meant it. Nico searched his eyes for any hint of a lie but found none. "You what?" H asked quietly because he still felt so lost. "You're so dense." Will said as he shook his head, he picked up Nico's hand and placed a kiss to his knuckles. "I like you, and I've really enjoyed spending time with you tonight so I hope we can do this again sometime." Nico felt like his brain had completely stopped functioning at this point. "You mean like on a date?" He felt stupid for asking but really needed an answer. "This is true love. Do you think this happens every day?" Nico couldn't breathe as Will quoted his favorite movie once again. Finally he managed a smile. "Excuse me your highness, but I believe that you're stealing my lines again." Will smirked at him. "And I though stealing was what pirates did." And with that he leaned in and Nico could feel soft lips on his and gladly returned the kiss. The DJ played the sound of a clock striking the hour and made the announcement that it was now midnight and at midnight all masks are to be removed to reveal who is who. The lights come on partly so that everyone's eyes can adjust and people who showed up wearing masks began to remove them, and Nico followed suit. And of course everyone but Will is shocked to see that the dark and mysterious stranger was actually Nico di Angelo. Nico looks at Will again he finds himself searching those blue eyes for a sign of regret or anything. "You don't seem surprised." Will shakes his head and smiles as he meets Nico's eyes. "Of course not, I had a feeling you'd come when I invited you. So will you go out with me?" Nico realized that never really did answer that question. He smiled as he felt his heart swell with joy. "As you wish." So I know that it's the middle of June and all but I just really needed to write this so here it is! Also that memory that Nico is talking about really did happen to me and my sister, I love thinking back on it. I really love oblivious Nico, don't you? Please let me know what you think!