by Will. He smiled again-a smile that he couldn't count how much anymore in few hours-, his hand played Nico's hair. "Nice dream, Nico". ~NICO~ Nico was waken up long time after, when the sky had gone from blue to orange. 04:30 pm. Uwa. He felt asleep for so long, even himself didn't realize how tired he was these past days. Where is Will, wondered Nico when he couldn't see anyone in the room-except all the sick demigod who slept there. Nico felt disappointed-and lonely though he tossed it away-because secretly he hoped to see Will there, when he was waking up. For Hades's shake, what was he thinking? His face immediately reddened to recall how Will spoiled him that noon. Feeding, covering him a blanket, and caressing his hair till he felt asleep. Nico hated to be touched but maybe it's exception for Will. It wasn't like he hate it, more uncomfortable if it said-cause his face would be burning and his heart'd be pounding. He sighed. Suddenly Nico's eyes caught a note which was halted by glasses in table. 'Hi Death Boy. Awake already? You're suck to be waken up when you had felt asleep soundly. Yah.. Because i can't woke you up, i put your lunch on the table. Finish it all okay? Doctor's order. P.S. it's such a waste i can't be with you just like before, got archery practice. See you soon. Nico frowned, he felt ticklish. Then his laugh bursted out, although it's not loud, laugh still a laugh. Nico understood it very well, that Will presence-though sometimes was annoying-could put him at ease and for a moment felt happy. At least he took a piece of sandwich which Will brought. Nico bit slowly, in moment the food had gone completely. Hah... Infirmary felt empty. Nico didn't want to admit it, but that room was indeed boring and too quite without Will. What he had to do now? Taking a walk looked like not possible, and so on shadow traveling. "I'll just sleep again then," said Nico in the end. He laid down again. Hey Will, here is Boring. "Hi, Death Boy". Nico opened his eyes, directly be served by Will's face. It was freaking close! Around maybe... 8 inches? Shocked. Nico jumped out and collided the blonde's chin. Will stepped back and groaned. Nico halted in moment, shy and guilty,"ah. Sorry , Solace". "No, it's okay," answered Will. Still caressed his chin," i can't believe, your head as hard as a rock". The Son of Hades grimaced. That's not an important info right? "Oh yeah, Nico i bring you dinner," Wil gave his charming smile again," isn't this place like 5 star-rated hotel? Even it has delivery? Hehe". Will grinned while Nico only could roll his eyes," whatever you say, Solace". A few minutes after they ate their own meal-Nico couldn't help but thought everytime Will come they'd eat, and more the only things he did today was sleep and eat. Sometimes they chatted, but until the food had finished they're being quite more. Having dinner in silent. "Are you sleepy, Solace?" Asked Nico suddenly. "Hm? Why?" Nico shook his head," i just-yah, the main point is i'm not sleepy yet". "Of course. You hace slept all over the day," Will chuckled, then messed Nico's hair. The Hades's Son groaned irritatedly," so, what you wanna do?" "Dunno". "Okay then, we could just chat". "Ok". "What's your favourite food?" Nico's mouth opened in shock. Why in the hell Will ask that thing? "Why do you ask it?" "Well, no reason. C'mon, just answer it, Death Boy". "Don't call me that!" Will chuckled," aw.. I've called you that all along day. What's the matter, Death Boy~?" "Argh! Stop it Solace!" "Ahahaha.. Alright, what's your favourite food, Angel?" Will winked. Nico felt his face heated up, so he threw his head aside and grumbled, "you're so annoying!" Will's laughter filled Nico's sense of hearing. He realized that laugh was comforting to be heard. He like the way Will laughed. For hours, the two of them were trapped on their ridiculous conversation. Nico knew their chitchat was meaningless-and usually Nico hated it-but it was different. Talked nonsense with Will was pleasing. It's been so long for Nico since the last time he had a casual chatting with someone. "It's getting late," Will glanced at the clock. 11.25 pm," you have to sleep. I'll be back to my cabin. Good night, Death Boy". For this moment, Nico didn't care what was Will calling him by. He felt his heart dropped when Will turned his back. Unconsciously, he pulled backside of Wil's shirt. The blonde startled and turned back again. Full of question in his eyes. Shit, what had he done? "What's up Nico?" Asked Will gently. 'Could you just stay here?', he swallowed back those words. It's true didn't want to be left alone here. He was somehow scared, here's to dark and quite. He knew that was ridiculous. Nico was son of Hades, darkness was his friend. But still-well, top of that Nico wasn't crazy enough to blow those words out. If Will heard it, what'd his reaction be? Oh, Nico didn't even want to imagine. He felt like to slap himself. Nico exhaled, "what would you do about the harpies?" Silent. Then Will sighed," you're right. I'll just sleep here then". It was hard for Nico to keep his plain expression. But, Will couldn't to know what's on his mind. "Go sleep. I'm here," said Will as his mischievous smile appeared," or-we need to sleep in the same bed?" Nico's face burned-gladly, the room was dark-he sniffed," are you out of your mind?" Will chuckled again," yeah, just kidding. Now, sleep". The blanket was pulled up, Nico looked at Will who was looking at him too. The Son of Apollo smiled and that was the last thing he saw, before darkness embraced him. Was he falling in love with Will Solace? No way. Chapter 1 End