demigod community and the gods have noticed. After seeing our strength in the war the gods have offered an idea, an idea they will help with." Reyna said as she walked around locking eyes with apparently everyone in the crowd. But as her eyes landed on Leo it stayed. Leo didn't back down but kept her gaze, her eyes had so many layers of emotion he couldn't look away and apparently she felt the same. It went on until Chiron awkwardly coughed. " They want us to be one" Reyna finished with a blush on her face desperately trying to keep a straight face. "In accordance by the word of the gods we are to unite and be one city. A city of Greeks and Romans where we will never again be used against each other, instead we will find safety and strength in each other." At this announcement there were several reactions. There was the classic shock the look most had not knowing how to process exactly what it meant, then there was anger as some Romans still not over their hate immediately protested the idea, and lastly was joy. The look on Leo's friends was amazing as they all group hugged happy that Frank and Hazel would be around way more. But as Hazel hugged Frank, her being the same height thanks to her higher seat, she locked eyes with Leo before he guiltily looked down. He would then walk out the amphitheater, not knowing a pair of dark brown eyes followed his exit with interest. As Leo walked away he felt conflicted, he should be happy for Hazel and Frank, them being his close friends he would be able to see more now. But Leo just wasn't able to smile at that thought. As he kicked a rock around the oath he heard his name being called. He turned around to find Hazel running after him. Her brown, curly hair bounced around as she jogged to him before framing her face as she stopped. The purple of her shirt was faded and tied to be smaller, obviously an old one of Frank's seeing at how huge it was. Leo tried not to look at the small part of midriff the tied shirt had exposed but he couldn't help it. "Leo! Are you even listening?" , Leo snapped out of it before replying "Yeah what's up? Why'd you follow me" "You left so early so I went to check on you". Leo looked down before putting his hands on his hips and turning around saying "Frank doesn't know your checking on me huh?" "No but that isn't impor-" "What are you doing Hazel?". This made Hazel rub her hand nervously as she looked down, before she looked up to meet Leo in the eye, which made her hair frame her face quite beautifully Leo guiltily added. "Nemesis." was all she said as she stepped closer to him. "Why are you the seventh wheel Leo? You deserve so much more." Hazel said as she put a hand on his chest. Leo put his hand on her lower back as he touched his forehead to hers, "I got what I deserve. And lost what I didn't." he replied before opening his eyes to admire her. Her full lips were only inches away from his own. But just as the moment seemed about to collapse Hazel leaned in before Leo turned his head slightly, ending up near her ear. "I'm not worth it." he whispered before he untangled their bodies and quickly walked back to Bunker 9. Hazel stood there for a few minutes just registering what happened and what she had almost done. She rubbed her hands for warmth, Leo's skin unnaturally looked in the direction Leo went with worry before whispering to herself,"Yes you are" and walking back to Frank, her boyfriend. Reyna didn't quite understand Leo Valdez. Last she'd seen of him was at the beginning of last year when she visited for some festival, but even then it was for a few minutes before he disappeared walking towards the forest all alone. Seeing him taller, more muscular, and some facial hair under that ratty hoody shocked her. His dark eyes seemed to suck her in as he stared at her right back. After her announcement he looked around for a bit before leaving early. Why would he do that if all his friends were still there thought Reyna as she left to her given Cabin as Chiron dismissed the camp about 15 minutes later. She stripped off her armor and caper as she though of the new city to be built. It was a great idea, beneficial to everyone with only extremists like Octavian against the unity, as she thought of unity Reyna held up the orange camp shirt Chiron had given her as a gift. She shrugged before taking off the purple and donning the orange and going to the arena. She trained with several partners for a couple of hours before stopping to rest and relax, but not before stopping by her cabin for a shower and some essentials first. Grabbing her favorite sugary snack she headed to the beach to watch the beautiful sunset. Reyna went through so much leading the legion so it was nice to just relax and watch the sun go down with a bag of Jelly Beans in hand as she wondered how her dogs were doing in the kennel she left them in back in New Rome. With her mind lost in thought she almost didn't hear the slightly familiar voice say her name or at least she thought. "Reina?", a somewhat deep voice inquired a few feet behind her. She replied as she turned around saying ," Are you calling me a queen?", before shock took over as the boy with the brown eyes met her gaze. "You know it beautiful." First Fanfiction guys! Constructive criticism is always appreciated. Please Review guys! All rights go to Rick Riordan.