to the door, opening it with glee. " Why didn't you knock?" Percy looked at her incredulously. "What do you mean 'Why didn't you knock?'? I knocked at least a bajillion times." " Will you forgive me?" She pouted her lips and looked at Percy pleadingly. He smiled and looked away. " I don't know if I can. I almost died." Annabeth laughed and pulled him close. She could smell the cologne on his neck. She pulled him into a quick kiss and led him to the family room. " Maybe this could make you forgive me." " Annabeth, there's nothing that-" He stopped and Annabeth nodded to herself. She wanted that reaction. Percy let go of her hand and inspected the chair. " Do you like it?" She watched Percy bounced up and down on it like a kid. He didn't respond for a while and Annabeth was afraid the chair had taken her place. A freaking chair. He pulled the lever and the footrest popped up. " Do I like it? I love it!" As Percy felt the sides and noticed a handle, his eyes widened. Annabeth giggled with a hand over her mouth. " Go on, pull it." When he pulled the handle, a door opened. " It has a refrigerator too? Annabeth, you're the best!" He bounded toward her and gave Annabeth a bone crushing hug. "When did you buy this for me?" She shrugged as if it was nothing. " I got it a while ago. I figured this was your kind of thing and-" " It's , Annabeth." He gave her a sweet little kiss on the forehead as she smiled happily. Percy left and walked towards the chair, noticing a script inscription on it. " Did it come with the writing?" He asked. Annabeth rolled her eyes. " No, stupid. I did that." Annabeth watched as he traced his finger along the words she had previously stitched. He lingered on the Seaweed Brain stitch. She felt her eyes water. " I'm really happy you did this Annabeth. So when I do grow old, I'll be able to look at these words and remember you." Annabeth wiped the tears from her eyes as Percy came to hold her. And they stayed like that. The whole night, even as they slept on the blue reclining chair-the only piece of furniture in their apartment. Annabeth's finger never left where Percy had just written in black sharpie: Wisegirl. … As Annabeth recollected these memories, tears welled in her eyes. Percy, her Percy, had meant everything to her. When he died, Annabeth felt torn. She felt she was missing her other half. And she was. But she also realised she was pushing the ones she also cared about into the dust. Percy would hate me for that. Later that day, she called Thalia, and explained her feelings. She explained what she had been bottling up all these years and when finished, Annabeth felt relieved. She also called Orion. He came back to visit and they had reaquainted. Annabeth had looked at him, though it was hard. She saw the pain in his eyes, and she lost it. They spent hours crying and catching up with each other. Annabeth had never felt so close to her son in a long time. "Orion, I just couldn't stand looking at you because...because you look so much like your father and I just-" "Shhh. Mom, It's okay. I get it, but we have to move on. Dad would hate to see us like this." Annabeth nodded frantically and decided to put all sadness aside. When Orion left, Annabeth opened her gift and saw that it was a photo album. When she opened the first page, she saw Grover, Percy, and Annabeth at camp when they were twelve. The next pictures were the following years. What had gotten her was the next photo. She felt her throat closing and her heart fluttering in a mixture of sadness and excitement. It was a picture of a chair. But it wasn't just any chair. It was the blue chair. Tears welled in Annabeth's eyes as she read the caption. It was in Percy's handwriting. This chair is ours; A memorandum to keep when we get old. Now, we can't forget. Wisegirl and Seaweed Brain forever. Even the gods can't take away a love like ours. … In the night as Annabeth slept, she woke up abruptly. Something had entered her room. Finally! Something to challenge me! She grabbed her dagger that carried so many memories. "Whatever you are, come out now. Face me." She slowly got out of her bed and was shocked to feel a tight grasp on her wrist. "Let go of me! Unhand me, now!" Annabeth stopped struggling as she heard a deep chuckle as if mocking her. She immediately went to her own defense. "Why are you laughing? There's nothing funny here!" The deep voice continued to chuckle and finally came to a stop. "Even in your old age, you are still as strong as a bull." The strange said. Annabeth laughed but realized she didn't know who still had a painful grip on her hand. "Who are you?" He smiled. "I'm Thanatos. I've come to take you to the land of the dead." Annabeth almost fell on her own feet. "Me? Now?" He checked his watch. "There's someone waiting for you." Annabeth's heart skipped a beat. Percy. "Okay. Take me now. I want to go." Thanatos nodded and let go of her wrist. Instead, he lightly took her hand and together they went to the realm of Hades, Annabeth for good this time. She could already feel Percy's presence. "Don't worry, Percy." She whispered. "I'm on my way. Wisegirl and Seaweed Brain forever." … I'm crying. Why am I crying. Why did I even write this? I actually Hate this story. It got me in the feels so many times. Did you like it? Leave a comment below! :D -AMT