her friend, and despite her 'shy' mannerisms (yeah, she still has no idea where that timid imagery came from, but oh well), she would happily kick the ass of anybody who says that he's weird or emo or anything else. He's quickly become one of the gang as well, and she is more than willing to protect her friends. A manticore attacks the high school in the months that follows, and for once, Audrey can't make an excuse and duck around the corner to fight it. It's there, in the parking lot after school, and her two friends have clearly seen it based by their expressions. Emily's is a look of horror, while Lucy's is something akin to rage. Audrey can't help but imagine that she's internally screaming, How dare you inconvenience me! Dammit, now I'm going to be another 10 minutes late and get stuck in traffic! For a brief moment, nobody speaks. "Not again," Emily finally whimpered. "I really didn't want it to happen again." "Again?" Audrey asked, kind of confused, before shrugging. "It's going to have to wait, Em." She grasps her enchanted dagger, silently thanking her old neighbor for the instrument that saved her life so many times before. "Stay back. It's here for me. I'll take care of this." "Actually, I think it's here for me," Emily replied desperately, tugging her backwards. "It's not normal, Audrey, you'll get hurt because of me! I'm so sorry it followed me and - " "Actually," Lucy cut in, cracking her knuckles, "it might be here for all of us. Can you guys fight?" "Yeah, of course," Audrey answered immediately. Emily shrugged helplessly. "More or less, honestly. I don't usually have to fight. Actually, I've seen the monsters less and less often since mid - " Emily froze, then turned to Audrey, face white. "Did you . . . around when you moved, they stopped coming. I thought they just lost interest. You got rid of them for me, didn't you?" For some reason, the accusation made her flush. "Yeah, I kinda have a habit of doing that," she told her friend sheepishly. "Audrey: Monster Hunting since age 8. I'm kind of used to it." "Cool," Lucy told them bluntly. "Now let's kill this thing so we can leave. I'm hungry, and the quicker we finish up, the quicker I can drive away and get some alfredo." It takes them another 5 minutes to dispel the beast. Lucy's attacks are brutal and precise, however few they may be. Audrey keeps up, using the water from a bottle she constantly stores in her (incredibly durable) bag and her knife to supplement the attacks. Emily mainly provides tips and alerts them to any surprise tail swings or slashes on their blind sides, since she didn't have a blade on hand. All in all, they made a pretty good team, especially given their complete lack of group practice. When they all admit that they're demigods, it's not exactly a surprise. Not even when Lucy slips in the small detail that her real name is Zyanya and Zytaveon is also special like them. To be honest, as a half blood, you get used to surprises. And now was the troublesome day. The day that spawned it all. Really, it began the instant she rolled into choir. Audrey was a good singer - probably one of the best in her section, since she had decent tone and could actually carry a note and read the sheet music - and like any good little straight-As-except-for-in-spanish-god-help-me-I-hate-that-class-and-suck-at-it student, she started getting out her music immediately. She chats with Veon and Em, mocks one of their songs - 'Cuckoo', if we're going to name names - , and waits for Lucy to arrive. And then, out of the blue, Veon has to leave for some mysterious reason when he hears there's trouble. Huh. That doesn't sound familiar at all. Seriously, cue eye roll. Briefly, she wonders if she was ever that obvious with her flimsy excuses. Audrey shudders to think of the implications. There was no way she ever could have been that transparent. But it's alright. She glances at Emily and Lucy, who just arrived moments after Veon left, and they all share a nod. They're demigods. They're about to help their clueless friend defeat a hydra. They're a team, and together, they're special as all get out. I'm so sorry to take a break from my other stuff to write this! I promise you all that this was unintentional. Again, I just saw my friend's new fanfic (that already has over 13k in the first 2 days it's been up, damn, I wish I was that productive) and I couldn't help but write a oneshot. Mind you, it's become an over 7k oneshot written in the span of half a day, but yeah. It's clearly a rush job and it's not my best work, but I tried. Sue me. In the meantime, I really enjoyed doing this and I hope you enjoyed reading it as well. Again, I really loved the idea behind this character and wanted to do something to contribute to her new world. What I've done is now unofficial canon at this point, so hah, Uncle Rick. The power of OCs is beyond your control. She hasn't gotten as much attention from her story as I think she deserves for it yet. Granted, it's been 2 days, but still. It looks like it's going to be awesome and she'll update regularly. I know her. She's like a military officer at the crack when it comes to her writing and due dates. So, in short, go visit her original story! Although this could be read as just an OC oneshot, it's probably a lot better when compared to her story. Her pen name it crystalheartzyx and her story is called The Shadows of A Heart . Go search her up or follow the link: s/12458254/1/The-Shadows-of-A-Heart Bye, guys! See you in my next writing endeavor!