the Giants isn't dead. He's returned, and is regaining power. Ivlivs has been snapped by him—to Jason, that doesn't feel like a victory. Not particularly. But Hera's saved, and that night, after the celebratory feast at Camp Half-Blood, he isn't surprised to find himself in Cabin Three again, listening to the murmuring of the saltwater fountain. "Here," the god says. He reverses his grip on the bronze sword, and holds it out. Pale, golden ichor drips between his fingers as the keen edge of the sword lightly grazes him. Jason stares at it. "Take it," the god orders, "Before I change my mind." Jason reads the reluctance in his eyes. He wouldn't have wanted to give up Ivlivs to just anyone either. "It's your sword," he says, at last. "I can't do that." " Take it," the god insists. "I'm not the one on a quest." "Am I?" Jason wants to know. The god snorts. "You think this is the end of it?" he asks. "It's just the beginning. You've got a lot of things to do." Jason's fingers close around the leather-wrapped grip of the sword. It's longer than Ivlivs in its sword form, and leaf-shaped. He swings it, once, twice, testing it. It's perfectly balanced in his hand. And yet it isn't Ivlivs. Something about the blade feels foreign to him, as if it isn't quite meant for him to wield. "Its name is Anaklusmos," the god adds. Riptide, Jason thinks, translating from Ancient Greek to English. He offers the god a nod. "I will bring it back when…all this is over." "Good luck." "I suppose you can't really do anything about that?" "No," the god says, with that tired smile. "I'm only a minor god of the sea. Luck, miracles—I don't do any of those." By the next visitation, he knows enough to know who the god is. And then, it all makes sense. "Percy Jackson," he murmurs, in greeting. The lost camper, the one everyone doesn't like to talk about. "In the flesh," Percy acknowledges, "So as to speak." "Why are you helping us?" "People are going to die," Percy says, quietly. "And some of them are my friends. There's only so much we minor gods can do, but that means that the gods don't watch what we're doing as closely. And…" he hesitates. "You remind me…of who I was." "I heard. You were the demigod son of Neptune. Everyone talks about you, you know. But they say you left Camp Half-Blood. Most of them don't say why." Percy nods. He has to know the next, obvious question. Still, he says nothing, waiting for Jason to ask. "What happened?" "They offered me godhood." Percy's voice is bitter. "I took it." They fight, back to back, against Ephialtes and Otis; Jason wielding Riptide, Percy with a blade that ripples to the vision, as though it's made from seawater. A trident-shaped blast of water skewers and pins Ephialtes, hampering him for the moment, while Jason carves and slashes, forcing Otis into a corner so Percy can deal the death blow. Working with a god, Jason thinks, even a very minor one, has never been so strange. So natural. And then, Ephialtes parts Jason from Riptide. It's only temporary, Jason thinks, his head ringing as he slams into a pillar of the arena, but Ephialtes isn't willing to give him that moment of space to recover and attacks again and— The earth shudders beneath his feet. He slips. He's falling. He catches himself on a stream of winds, rights himself and holds out his hand. Riptide appears in it, borne by the wind, as lightly as though it were a feather. He struggles with all his might to call it, and finally, finally , the storm answers. Jagged, forked lightning smashes down in the arena, drawn towards Ephialtes and Otis, coruscating white-hot. He breathes ozone, and the bars of white light leave spots on his vision for moments after. Percy, he realises, is still kneeling, sword pressed to the trembling earth. The Earthshaker , he thinks, for no particular reason. Neptune is called the Earthshaker by the Greeks. He lunges forward to deliver the coup de Grace. Ariadne's death throes would bring down Annabeth, drag her into the yawning maw of Tartarus, except that the loop of spider silk misses. Or rather, it's severed, neatly sliced by a seafoam blade and Annabeth manages to right herself in time. Percy clings to the ledge, just barely. He's overreached and lost his balance, in his bid to save her. He doesn't look particularly troubled by this. "Percy, hang on," Annabeth exclaims. "Jason, do you—" But the javelin, Ivlivs, has long been snapped by a King of Giants and there's no way they can fish him out. He's too far down and for some reason, he's smiling. "It's what Ares said," Percy tells them, matter-of-factly. "They'll kill me. And I'll come back again and again. You need someone on the other side to shut the doors of death. This is the only way." But it's Tartarus. No one survives, or comes back from Tartarus, the place of punishment. Not even a minor god of the sea. Annabeth's face is stricken. Too late, too late as always, and now everything is out of shape, everything changed forever. "I love you, Seaweed Brain." "I know," Percy says, simply. "See you from the other side, Wise Girl." He sees it, for a moment: what he'd seen the first time he'd looked into the eyes of one of the Fates. Himself, growing old, the rattle of dirt on his coffin. It's too late to take back that choice now. He lets go. N.B. This is somewhat fragmentary, in part because I rescued it from the bowels of my hard drive. I think I intended to flesh it out into a proper fic but never had the chance/time/inclination. So here it remains, in somewhat skeletal form. I've taken the liberty of filling things out a bit. -Ammar.