good decision. Would I always be second best? But I didn't get to make up my mind. His head turned. I didn't get to see his face before the darkness enveloped me, the same darkness that surrounded me the day I died. Hades greeted me when I returned. "How are you doing?" Hades said softly. "Why should you care? You probably planned this entire thing out," I accused him. I walked away, back to the horrid Fields of Asphodel. Then something hit me. He obviously had some feelings for me, but maybe I could use those feelings. I turned around and strode back toward him. "Give me one more chance," I begged, "No, that's out of the question," "Please, let me do it my way" Hades paused for a few seconds, considering the thought. He looked me in the eyes, "Will you do it right this time? I nodded. "And when you die and come back here, there will be no second chances. I nodded my head vigorously. My eyes were begging him to say yes. He sighed and grabbed my hand. Once again the world faded to black and my consciousness drifted to shadows. The sun shined through the trees as I walked down the aisle hanging on to my father's arm. Memories of the underworld still swirled around my head, but I decided to enjoy this moment. I was ecstatic that Hades had agreed to let me come back, but I still did not know what would happen between me and Orpheus. The crowd of people looked at me expectantly as I walked forward. Orpheus was standing at the gazebo smiling with an innocence that made me think the past few weeks had not happened. He looked exactly like he had the day of my wedding weeks before. I stepped up on the gazebo and no snake came this time, only silence. The priest began to speak and after a long sermon about marriage, he got to the important part. "Do you take this woman as your lawfully wedded wife?" "Yes," Orpheus beamed at me. "And do you take this man as your lawfully wedded husband?" Should I? He came back for me when I was in the underworld, which showed a lot of courage. But he also sent me right back to the underworld all because he couldn't hear my voice. And what about his music. Would it always be a priority over me? Or maybe music was his way of showing love. "Yes, I do." The crowd cheered and Orpheus leaned, closing the space between us. "You are now pronounced husb-" "Stop right now," shouted a man, standing up from one of the seats. To my shock, it was Hades looking like he was about to kill someone. Did he still have power now that he was no longer in the underworld? I hoped with all my heart the answer was no. Orpheus took a step in front of me, "Let me deal with this," I whispered. The crowd had gone silent and some of the babies had begun to cry. "You weren't supposed to choose him," Hades announced bitterly. "I chose who I wanted, and in the end I made things right for me." "But what about when he betrayed you on the steps?" Hades asked. "I forgave him," I said, "You should try it sometime." A woman appeared from behind a tree. It was the same woman from the underworld. She looked irritated and slightly jealous as she looked at Hades arguing with me. "Persephone," Hades exclaimed gruffly, "What are you doing here?" "I could ask you the same thing," Persephone replied cooly, "It is clear that you have been meddling with this woman's life. You don't want to turn out like Aphrodite now do you." Hades turned red with rage. "I-I'm no Aphrodite," he sputtered. "Let's just go back to the underworld, where we came from," she said in a placating tone, "and forget about this whole ordeal." Persephone gave me a knowing look and she winked at Orpheus. Then she grabbed Hades' hand and they both disappeared to shadows. Once they were both gone, the crowd relaxed. I announced that the reception was in the building behind us and they moved out. Orpheus and I finally had time alone. "So what was that all about?" he asked. I smiled, glad that it was all over, at least for now, "Well, it all started with a snake bite." I told the entire story, including every detail I could think of - what the underworld looked like, who the man was who had invaded our wedding, and so on. Orpheus looked shocked at some parts, sad at some parts, and angry at others. I knew it was a lot for him to handle. I finally finished the long retelling of the story. We sat on the gazebo in silence for a few seconds as I waited for Orpheus to process it all. "So do you remember anything of this?" I finally asked. He shook his head mournfully, "I wish I was there with you; better yet I wish I was the one that had gotten bit by the snake, because at least Hades wouldn't have fallen in love with me." I smirked, "But Persephone might have." We laughed. It felt so good to be with him at this moment, no fans asking for his autographs, and no paparazzi chasing us. "Oh, I forgot to tell you something," Orpheus looked at me with his sparkling eyes, "I made a promise to myself before the wedding, I'm going to take a break from music for awhile, just to spend more time with you." I beamed at him. "Thank you, you don't know how much that means to me," I said happily. He grabbed my hand and together we walked down the gazebo steps and into the reception. And the years after our wedding were happy. I never regretted my decision, and I definitely never looked back.