was never my forte. I wiped my cheeks with the back of my palm and continued to stare at the night sky. I hated myself, what I had become. I just wanted to swim out into the water and never come back. But even I knew that nothing was that easy. "Annabeth?" I turned around even though I already knew who it was. "Wise Girl, I need to talk to talk to you." I nodded and turned back to the water. "What? What do you have to say to me that would make a difference?" I asked. "I'm sorry for avoiding you lately. I've just been so confused," he admitted. "Confused about what?" "What I should do next. And I've figured that if I can't have the best, then why not settle for second?" If he was going with this where I thought he was going, I wasn't going to be his second best. But then he said something that surprised me. "Let's be best friends Annabeth, better than we ever were before." "I don't understand," I murmured. "Can you just tell me why you changed then I'll explain." I took a deep breath and decided I wasn't going to lie to him. "I changed because I was tired of being one of the boys. I wanted to feel like a girl for once and have other people think of me that way," I admitted. "It's almost curfew, I better head back to my cabin." I stood up from my spot on the ground and began to head towards my cabin. "Wait Annabeth!" I ignored him. "Please just- I have something I need to tell you." "Then just say it okay? I really am not in the mood to talk to you right now." I sounded so harsh, and I didn't mean to be cross. But, he was getting on my nerves. I continued my track back to my cabin, farther from him with every step. "I love you." My heart dropped, probably to somewhere in my stomach. I stopped walking but didn't turn around. "I love you so much." I could hear him getting closer, following me. "And I just didn't know how to tell you. I know you don't feel that way about me but I thought that you deserved to know." Finally, I turned around. Only centimeters separated us, leaving me to wonder how he approached me so fast. His hand brushed back a few stray hairs that had been hanging in my eyes. Nobody talked because there really wasn't anything to say. I could see him leaning in and me following in suit. He was going to kiss me, I decided. That was before I ruined it. "Percy." I breathed. It frightened me how fast he backed away, too far for my liking. "I'm sorry-" I interrupted him. "I can't believe that you would ever think that I didn't feel the same way," I grabbed either side of his face and leaned back in to kiss him. That was when the horn signaling curfew was blown causing me to lose concentration. "That was pretty stupid of Chiron. Look at him, ruining what was going to be the best moment of my life up to date." I laughed at his remark and spun on my heel. "I guess we will just have to postpone that moment for a few more years. Goodnight Seaweed Brain." I jogged off towards my cabin, knowing that he would follow me. I smiled when I heard him running after me. "You're just kidding, right?" He shouted. "Right?" I felt arms wrap around me from behind and lift me up into the air. I couldn't stop the giggles that slipped from my mouth. "Hey!" I scolded. "Put me down you Seaweed Brain!" "Not until you ask nicely." I kicked him square in the knee with the back of my shoe. Unfortunately, he collapsed causing me to fall on top of him. "You have terrible coordination," I commented, flipping myself over to face him. "And you have the prettiest hair." He said, wrapping his finger around one of the curly strands that was hanging in my face. My face flushed scarlet at the compliment. Percy gently tucked the strand behind my ear and kept his hand on my cheek. It could still see his face pretty clearly even though it was dark outside. "I don't know what to say," I whispered rather stupidly. "Then don't say anything," he replied, placing his other hand on the back of my head guiding me closer. You already know what happens next but I'll explain anyway. He kissed me; I kissed him- who knows what happened first. As quickly as it happened, it ended. It was every bit of what I had imagined and left us both with goofy smiles a few seconds later. I looked into his emerald eyes and leaned down towards him once more, guiding his face to mine with my hands. This time it lasted longer than just a second. It was less meaningful this time and much more spontaneous. Our lips moved in sync, over and over until we both had run out of breath. "Woah," he whispered as we drifted apart. I felt the same sensation and it left me speechless. We looked at each other, almost evaluating what just happened. "Uh..." "Yeah," I managed to say. I lifted myself off him and stood back on my feet. I lamely waved my hand goodbye towards him and jogged the remaining distance to my cabin. "Hey Annabeth?" Percy shouted and I spun around expectantly. "Yeah Seaweed Brain?" I replied. "See you tomorrow, Wise Girl," he said with a smile, waving his arms in the air with a goofy smile on his face. I grinned and entered my cabin and plopped down onto my bed. Maybe it wasn't so bad being one of the boys. I could work with this. My first ever Percabeth happy ending. Hope this was a good Christmas present! -AE