of the woman in the throne room. Aphrodite stared at the image as her mind raced with the things she could do with his love life or for her own personal enjoyment. Percy looked down at the man and then at the soldiers he was with. He nodded at them as they removed their helmets as well. Three of the soldiers were unknown to the gods and three demigods but the other two garnered a similar reaction to Percy's unveiling. The female pulled off her helmet to reveal short cut brown hair and an arrogant smile as she looked down at the captured male. Clarisse La Rue looked like she had grown up considerably since her days at Camp Half-Blood. Like Percy, she had lost her boyfriend Chris Rodriguez in the war against Gaea and decided the memories they shared at Camp Half-Blood were not something she wanted a constant reminder of. Everyone assume she went to live a normal mortal life, and it seemed she had, for the most part. The last figure pulled off his helmet as Jason, Piper and Nico all choked a bit in shock. Frank Zhang, still the chubby cheeked Asian Canadian they remembered stood beside his half-sister Clarisse. He looked to have grown taller and packed on muscle as well. His face was still pudgy with a military hair cut but the rest of him seemed to have finally matured into adulthood as he held his rifle, a surprising smile on his face as well as he looked down at their captive. All eyes in the throne room were on Percy who still stood with a stoic expression in front of the man. "Surrender," the man said with a heavy accent. Percy tilted his head to the side but kept his face free of emotion. The man looked away from Percy's eyes until they landed on his uniform. He noticed the flag patch on his sleeve. "Canada, you are forgiving nation" he said nodding. "I surrender to Canada." Quicker than thought possible, Percy pulled a handgun from his waist and fired a bullet straight into the skull of the man. Piper and her mother both let out shocked yelps as they watched Percy kill someone in cold blood. "Not an option, actually." The soldiers in the room seemed unfazed by the brazen killing of the surrendering man. They all still had smiles on their faces. Clarisse patted Percy on the back while Frank took off his pack, setting it down in front of him as he began to dig through it. He pulled something out, a six-pack of beer and tossed one to Percy and then Clarisse and then to the other three members of their team. Even the soldier with a bullet in his leg seemed to be in good spirits as he stood with a tourniquet around his wound. Percy cracked open his beer and grinned, holding up the beverage as the others did the same in a toast to their successful mission. "Enough." Zeus growled as the image faded away. No one in the room spoke, all unsure what to say. Poseidon stood up, his trident clutched tightly in his hand and he looked ready to kill someone. "What did you do to my son?" Ares stood up, his face holding genuine indignity, "I didn't do anything to the kid. He is there because he wants to be. He is a warrior, a soldier. What did you expect? Being your kid, he gets put into war from the age of 12. Now that he's 21, you expect him to live a peaceful life as some hippy? The kid is a soldier, I just gave him what he wanted, another war to fight." Zeus stood up and slammed his master bolt into the throne room floor, "Enough. Hermes, get Jackson and the other two. We need a word with them." Hermes looked unsure. He glanced at Ares whose face was red but he bit his tongue. The messenger god vanished only to reappear a moment later with the three demigods. The minute their surroundings solidified, Percy whirled around and fired a bullet straight through the forehead of the messenger god. The bullet passed through harmlessly. "Sorry Perce, that won't work on me." Before anyone could object, Frank put a gun to the side of the messenger god's head. "True but this one certainly will." He said as he pulled back the hammer on the gun packed with celestial bronze bullets. A.N: This is just an idea I had bouncing around in my head. I might delete the story in a week if it sucks. But I've been sitting with this chapter for a week and felt like publishing it. My idea is something I haven't seen before. I won't give away much but this is just a prologue. The story would turn to more PJO like later (god/monster/demigod stuff), if I continue it. I just wanted to put out a chapter and see what people thought. I just see so many fics where Annabeth betrays Percy or she dies and he turns into this huge sobbing vagina and it's annoying. He is just as likely to want to vent his feelings violently. This is a story where he doesn't turn into a little bitch where he begs the gods to die or runs away to cry his life away. Take it or leave it, this is just an idea. It will be on the back burner for a while. On the plus side, I'm almost done with the next chapter of Legacy of Asgard. I'll probably update Wednesday. But let me know what you thought. Like I said, this isjust an idea. You won't hurt my feeling if you hate it. I just want some genuine feedback, not a "please update this story" or whatever. Wednesday is only two days away and Legacy only has a small handful of chapters left. Then my focus is Timeless Warrior. This is just an idea.