burst out laughing and I swear Mr. Walker turned into a tomato. "The principal's office now!" He growled. I felt incredibly guilty for this whole situation. Percy was going to get into serious trouble because of me. I mean, yes, he was making it worse for himself with the attitude and it wasn't like he'd never been to the principal's office before, so I had more to lose than he did but it felt wrong to let him do this. Especially when he didn't owe me anything, I hadn't done anything for him. I couldn't just let him take the fall for me. Percy smirked, standing up and giving a sniggering Jason a low five before leisurely grabbing his stuff. "Wait!" I blurted out, utterly shocked that I had just spoken in front of the entire class and now they were all staring at me. I was about to confess when I met Percy's eyes. He glared at me shaking his head subtly. I frowned at him hopelessly, almost begging him not to do this but he frowned back at me and didn't drop his glare. Eventually, I gave in with a sigh. "Is there something you wanted to say Annabeth?" Mr Walker asked suddenly, his voice a little calmer since I was his favourite student. "Um...no sir..." I murmured. "Are you sure?" "Yes sir." "Well then...you can go now Jackson." He said beginning to walk back to his desk. Percy's eyes met mine again briefly. I tried to read them but it was impossible, it was the first time I had struggled to read someone's thoughts and feelings ever. I'd always been rather good at that but there was something about Percy; something different, something mysterious. He was a total mystery to me. He frowned at me for a second, then he swiftly turned away and walked out the class room without a second glance. I was speechless, tongue-tied, frozen in place. Anything that could happen to someone in shock was happening to me right now. I was so still it felt like I wasn't even breathing. What had just happened? Why would Percy, the most popular guy in school, waste his time looking out for me; the least popular girl in school? Seriously this day was getting weirder and more interesting by the minute. ~xXx~ The bell rang after what felt like forever and I began packing up my stuff. I could see Thalia and Piper were sneaking glances at me. They looked as if they were debating about coming over to me. So before they could decide, I rushed out of the classroom. I wasn't in the mood for talking about what had just happened. I didn't know myself what had just happened let alone why it had. I went so quickly, I stumbled straight into someone. Fortunately, I didn't trip and fall on my face. Unfortunately, the person I stumbled into was Charlie Bennet. A frown appeared on his face as he turned to see who had just hit him. When his eyes landed on me, he frowned again but it disappeared as quickly as it came. A look of horror crossed his eyes and he stumbled away from me and ran down the corridor. As he ran a small scrunched up piece of paper fell from his pocket to the floor, a few metres away. Confusion crossed my mind and I wondered what was wrong with him and whether I'd had anything to do with his unusual behaviour. One minute he's all over me the next he's practically sprinting away from me... The corridor was empty and I slowly moved towards the scrunched up piece of paper and bent down to pick it up. This must be what Percy wrote in class. Did I want to know what he wrote? I mean Charlie did seem pretty terrified...maybe it's best to let it be. My curiosity got the best of me however and I hid around a corner as the other students exited the class room. Slowly, I pulled the scrunched up piece of paper open and peered at the messy writing smeared across it: Stay away from her or I'll become your worst nightmare! I gasped. ~xXx~ HUGE thank you to everyone who managed to make it this far! I'm you're biggest fan :) I know that was one flippin big chapter. I promise future chapters won't be as long! Also, I apologise for the close fitted format, I'm afraid this site does that automatically no matter how many times I try to press enter to create space. It's a real pain! This was just a taster chapter, I'm still not sure if I want to upload the whole story. It's just been my personal project for so long, I don't know if I'm ready to share it. If I get a good reaction to this little snippet though, I might be persuaded otherwise... So please leave a review, even if it's just a little one. People of all ages (accept if you're underage), opinions and genders are welcome in this fandom! Let me know what you think of the chapter, the characters, literally anything. I know I have a lot to work on and I can't please everybody :(( Depending on the response I get, I might post the next chapter over the next few days and I warn you, this one has some major PERCABETH in it. P.S I'll tell you now, this story does have a few cliches but it isn't one of those 'they meet and it's love at first sight' kinda stories. It's a progressive relationship, they really build as characters throughout it. It has tension and the wait is totally worth it. Personally, I think the whole build up to a couple is better than when they're actually together. It's the most exciting, frustrating part anyway. ;) I hope to see you all again soon and that you're all having a wonderful summer holiday! Lots of love, A.W.G x