"Dammit girl, he isn't lying, that was the last thing he had of the only people he truly loved in this world!" "He's a male, why should it matter," Pheobe stated more than asked. "Because, he's an honorable, worthy male, the last one, and you girls took all of this way too far!" I growled. "The only one with that much honor was Percy Jackson, and he's dead," Dria stated. "You fools, he is Percy!" I growled. The ground shook, a huge geyser burst end behind Percy, his eyes glowed, flickering from red to black, "You...just...burned...the one thing I care about in this god damned world!" The air started to burn, girls backed away from him shocked, Percy roared, "I never did anything to make you hate me so much as to burn the last thing of my dead parents, I let you have your way with me, hit me, torture me...I rather be back in fucking Tartarus with Kronos than to live through this hell, he tortured me until I wished for death, and you...you seven are no worse than Kronos, I just sat there and let you abuse me!" I put my hand on Percy's cheek, "Percy, please, I promise they will be punished just calm down." His skin was burning to the touch, "You're no better, you could've stopped them before hand, when you found out this was happening in the first place!" I hugged him tightly, "I swear by the Styx, it won't happen again, I refuse to stand by and let them, hunters or not, they deserve punishment." I felt Percy's skin cool down, "No...it isn't necessary," Percy said, "don't punish them." "But...we do deserve it," Ari said, "we should've never done something so cruel to you, yet you still try to protect us?" Percy didn't answer, he just walked into his tent, I turned on them, "Percy just saved the seven of you from severe punishment, so be grateful, but if you try that again, I will punish you twice as bad before banishing you." I walked over to Percy's tent, but when I walked in, he wasn't there. "Dammit!" I ran out and transformed into a wolf, trying to track Percy's scent, that wonderful scent. I soon saw someone dive off a cliff, I mentally shrieked, 'Percy!' I dived after them, my eyes closed, 'That had to be Percy!' I turned into my human form and felt something warm, I was face to face with a maskless, cloakless, shirtless Percy Jackson. "Why would you jump off a cliff?" I yelled, hugging him tightly. "One word! Water!" Percy grinned. Suddenly, a shock of cold water hit me, I was expecting to have to swim up, when I was stopped, I suddenly realized I could breathe. I stared at Percy, he made a ring of air around us, he sat down, inviting me to sit next to him. "I thought you were jumping off the cliff to kill yourself," I shoved him slightly, "idiot." "I'm not ready to die just yet," Percy said, "besides, I rather die in an epic way, like fighting monsters, not suicide." I chuckled, "Sounds like you...so, about the picture...?" "I'm livid," Percy said honestly, "but the lake is helping me calm down..." I looked down and saw Percy's toned chest and abs, I blushed, and looked further, 'Wonder what's under there...' Percy was watching my face, "Artemis?" I looked up, "Yeah?" "I was wondering if you were okay, you look a little flushed," Percy said. "Yeah, I probably just need some rest," I said softly. I looked out towards the ocean, fish and animals swimming around us, I laid down in what just so happened to be Percy's lap, and fell asleep. Percy I looked down at Artemis, her peaceful, beautiful face, 'Oh gods, what is wrong with me?' After a while, I carried Artemis on my back as a lion, she snuggled up in my back, her arms wrapped around my neck. I walked into camp, into Artemis' tent, I placed her on her bed, and before I walked out, I felt her grab my tail, signaling me to stay. So I curled up on the floor, and fell asleep. I heard a knock, "Lady Artemis, it's time for dinner." Artemis was still sleeping peacefully, so I nudged her, "Artemis, wake up." She opened her eyes, "Percy...?" "Yes, it's time for dinner," I said. She sat up and got off the bed, walking out with me. I turned into my human form, as soon as we were outside, everyone was eating, but I just can't stop thinking about how cruel the fates are, 'Honestly, Aphrodite must hate me for making me fall in love with a maiden goddess.' I was staring at my plate, still piled with untouched food, finally deciding something I heard Thalia's voice, "Percy?" I looked up at Artemis, "I need to go to Olympus, I must speak to someone in particular." "Go ahead," Artemis said, staring at me with worry. I transformed into a wolf and ran off, teleporting in mid bound. I turned into a human, "Aphrodite!" I called. "Yes, Percy?" Aphrodite answered. "Why...why would you make me fall in love with Artemis?" I asked. "This is because your hearts long for someone worthy, and there is no one worthier than you two," Aphrodite said. "She will never love me in the first place, even if she did...we can't do anything about it, she swore on the Styx to keep her maiden hood," I said. "Well, we shall see," Aphrodite said, "of course, your alternative is me." "I'm good," I said, teleporting back. I saw none of the hunters make an attempt to burn my tent down, so I walked in, and fell asleep. After that, all the hunters treated Percy as their own, not just because of Artemis' threat, but because Percy earned their respect, with his kindness, loyalty, compassion, mercy, his strength, and worth, he was a male worth the hunt's honor.