her hair. She used to let me touch her hair in middle school and it wasn't a real big deal. But I think that if I tried that now, she would judo flip me or something like that. She was dressed in the school's standard uniform for girls: black skirt that stopped about four inches above her knees, white button down shirt, and sea green cardigan sweater. It looked pretty similar to the guys uniform , ya know, minus the skirt, and it wasn't flashy or anything. But Annabeth made it look cute and stylish. I even liked how it looked on her better than how it looked on Silena. Annabeth stuffed her receipt into the side pocket of her backpack. As soon as she looked up at me, I put on my friendliest face and waved at her. Her expression immediately tensed. She balled her fists and began walking away and I ran to catch up to her. "Annabeth, wait up!" "What the hell do you want?" "No need to get all pissed off, I just wanted to say hi." I thought that I'd sweeten her up a bit before asking her to tutor me. But she wasn't buying it. Her eyes narrowed and she walked faster. I matched her pace and then stood in front of her, halting her. She crossed her arms and raised an eyebrow, waiting for an explanation. "So," I felt so awkward and tried not to notice how intense and threatening Annabeth's stare was. "How are you?" She rolled her eyes and tried to side step me, but I wasn't letting her get away that easily. Frustrated and probably figured out that I wasn't giving up, she huffed and stopped trying to escape me. "Cut the crap and just tell me what you want. I don't want to waste time talking to you." Harsh. My eye twitched. I did not like the attitude this girl was giving me. I was already embarrassed and humbled enough trying to ask her for help and her attitude was not making it any easier for me. Maybe deciding to be her friend again was not the best idea. Annabeth cleared her throat, still waiting for an answer. I just decided to be frank. "Okay, listen up. I'm at risk of being on academic suspension which means I can't go out for sports-" "I know what it means." She interrupted. "-if I don't get my grades up soon." I finished. "So?" Did she want me to get on my knees and beg? "So, I was hoping you could help me out here." Annabeth was silent. She seemed to be genuinely clueless about what I was getting at. And Annabeth was usually never clueless. "Tutor me." I finally said, unable to take her silence any longer. She was caught by surprise, I guess, because her jaw dropped. "I am not obligated to do you any favors." Her voice was full of venom as she spoke to me. "We aren't friends." "Then why don't we be friends?" Annabeth gasped and looked offended. I had no idea being my friend was such a dishonor. "No, thank you." I had the feeling she didn't really mean the "thank you" part. She tried to walk away again but I stepped in front of her so fast that she bumped into me. I stared down at her and she stared up at me. I was a little over a head taller than she was. "Come on, Annabeth, I really need your help. It wouldn't even have to be a favor. I can pay you. You're here on a scholarship, right? I can pay you any amount you want." Did I mention how expensive tuition was at Goode High? It was practically like paying for college. The high tuition was no problem for me. See, my dad, Poseidon, owns several maritime shipping companies and controls major ports on both the West Coast and East Coast. So, yeah, I'm practically set for life. I was probably set for several lifetimes. But anyway, only super rich kids could afford Goode. I was one of them and I knew Annabeth was not. Her father was a college professor and her step-mom was a housewife. She had no hope of paying for this school without a scholarship. I guess my comment about her being on a scholarship and me being able to pay her whatever amount she wanted sounded pretty self-centered because she glared at me. "I don't want nor need your daddy's money." Damn. "I'll do whatever you want. Just please help me out here." I pleaded with as much sincerity as I could muster. Annabeth stared up at me and thought for a while. Then she diverted her gaze and a blush crept upon her cheeks with a smile. God, I haven't seen her smile like that in such a long time. I missed it. She used to smile at me like that all the time. I felt my own cheeks heat up. I hadn't been this close to Annabeth in such a long time, too, affording me the opportunity to get a good look at her face. She was even more beautiful than she was back when we were friends, which I use to think was impossible because she was already so stunning. "Anything, right?" She looked back up at me. Her smile disappeared as soon as she faced me but her cheeks were still flushed. "Yes, anything." "Promise." "You really don't trust me?" "Well, you haven't given me any reason to trust you lately." "Fine, I promise to do anything if you agree to tutor me." "Introduce me to Luke Castellan." I felt my face grow hotter, but this time, it wasn't because of Annabeth's face, but because I was now officially pissed off. Next Chapter: Percy and Annabeth share a moment that feels like the good old times then Annabeth rememebers why she and Percy are no longer friends. Please review to share your thoughts.