Chase. I didn't expect the princess to have some fight in her." "Don't call me that. And you don't know me, Jackson. Not at all." "I think I do." "Oh yeah?" "Mmhmm. I bet I know more about you that you know about me." "I'll take that bet." "Not a smart idea, Wise Girl." "That's a really bad insult." "Luckily, I didn't come up with it. That tough girl in English, Clarisse, did." "How'd you know that? "I'm in your English class?" He told her, eyebrows drawing together as she released his wrists. "You are?" "Yeah. Didn't see me?" "Actually, no. Which is odd, because your ego's so big, it's almost impossible to miss." "Now now, that's not nice. We should try to be friends." Percy frowned. "No we shouldn't." "Why not?" "Because I said so." Annabeth turned and marched off, her jaw set. Percy followed her.. "You don't seem to be in a good mood." "That's because I'm not in a good mood." She growled. "Shame. I almost hoped you would be. That means I could ruin it." "I hate you." "The feelings are mutual, trust me." "Go away!" She snapped. "Ha! Nah, this is amusing me. Why would I pass up the opportunity to-Mmph!" Annabeth slapped a hand over his mouth. "Now. You are going to walk away from me, or I'm going to tell Thalia that you're being an infuriating child. Alright?" She said sternly. He rolled his eyes and nodded. She peeled her hand off his mouth and walked away to her next class, listening to his footsteps get quieter and quieter. The bell rang as she walked, and she groaned. Students swarmed out of the nearest classrooms and most froze when they saw her. She pushed through the crowd, trying to look as angry as possible. A few brave students snuck up to her and tried to make conversation, but to no avail. She nodded and shook her head, but didn't actually say anything. The students wandered off eventually, bored at her lack of enthusiasm when talking to them. She slumped down in her seat, and no one bothered to talk to her. The seat next to her was filled, but she didn't look up until a finger tapped her desk. She looked up with a murderous look, only to freeze when she saw blue eyes. "Hi." Jason said, raising an eyebrow at her frozen stature. "Um...hi?" She asked cautiously. Jason never struck her as 'rude' or 'mean', but she still didn't trust him. He was, after all, part of her rival band, The Heroes of Olympus. "I didn't think you'd be taking Physics." Annabeth said, watching him closely. "I didn't want to, but my dad said it would be better than taking Chemistry. I don't know if I'm even smart enough for this class. I just turned 16, I should be taking Chemistry." Jason glanced around nervously. "Why'd you take it then?" "My, uh, Dad. He's rather… pushy when it comes to my education. And career. And everything else." "That sucks. Do you live with Thalia?" "Hmm?" Jason's head shot up and he looked at her, confused. "Thalia. Does she live with you?" "Thalia? I… I don't know who she is." Jason frowned. Annabeth's blood ran cold. "So, you're telling me, you don't recognize her?" Annabeth pulled up a picture of Thalia and her. Jason stared at it, looking closer until he froze. "What? What is it?" Annabeth asked. "What's her last name?" Jason asked, pale faced and wide eyed. "She doesn't use her last name really, from an old problem with her m-." "Just answer the question, Annabeth. What's her last name?" Annabeth took in a deep breath. "Grace. Why?" She realized her mistake as soon as she said it. Her hand flew to her mouth and he paled even more visibly than before. "That means…" "She's my sister. My fully biological sister." Jason stared at the picture. "How's this possible? Your dad left your mom after Thalia was born." Annabeth muttered. "Maybe he came back?" Jason asked nervously. "Maybe." Annabeth said as the teacher walked into the classroom. "Hello class. Welcome to Physics." "So, let me get this straight." Piper munched on a chip as she walked out of the school, Thalia by her side. "You knew you had a brother, but never bothered to tell him?" "Pretty much, yeah." Thalia rolled her eyes. "No, Mclean. I knew I had a brother, but I always thought he was dead. My mom dropped him off at a destroyed house, and we left without him. She told me that my stepmother had taken him. I didn't even know I had a stepmother. I guess... I guess she dropped him off and left before my dad showed up. She probably didn't want to face the man who left her twice." "That's messed up. I thought Annabeth's life was weird." " Hey ." "But he remembered you." Annabeth frowned. "He said that he knew you were his sister, and that he knew you were biologically full siblings. How?" "I don't know. He was so young… Wait." She froze, staring ahead. A group of five boys was walking through a crowd. Annabeth's heart twanged when she saw Thalia and Jason's eyes meet. Jason froze, and blue met blue. Jason took a tentative step forward, and Thalia broke into a sprint. He met her halfway and they embraced, Thalia gripping her brother tightly. A wail sounded, and a girl fell to her knees, sobbing loudly as she watched her crush embrace another. Annabeth took a few steps forwards, to get in hearing range. "Thalia?" Jason's voice was muffled. "Jason. It's me. I'm here." She said, sniffling. "I can't believe it's you." Annabeth smiled softly, happy that they were finally reunited. She looked past the siblings and a pair of intense eyes met hers. She didn't look away, and neither did he. Annabeth knew, right then, that she would never escape Percy Jackson. No matter how hard she tried.