she had to steal webbing that was around the room, including the webbing that covered the Athena Parthenos. Annabeth told Arachne to investigate the inside of the handcuffs and Arachne was trapped. That's when we came in." Percy's face darkened and he turned away from Sally again, leaning against the railing. "We got to Annabeth as soon as we could. The Argo II plowed right through the ground of a parking lot. The floor of the cave was pretty unstable, though, especially after all the webbing in the room had been used in Annabeth's trap. When the cars crashed into the floor, it just cracked, leaving a giant chasm in the room. Arachne was crushed and sent down the chasm." Percy leaned back with his hands still gripped tight to the railing, his eyes closed. "I should have seen the webbing, mom, I should have cut it off. I could have done something." He stood straight again, his eyes still downcast. "When I saw her I was just so happy she was okay. I mean she was banged up and terrified and her ankle was in bad shape but she was alive and she was there and we were together. I pulled her away from the edge." He glanced up at Sally. "I was so proud of her mom. She was incredible." Sally felt herself frozen in fear. She didn't want to hear what Percy was about to say, but she had to. "Percy...what happened?" His gaze fell once more. "There was webbing on her ankle. I didn't really notice and I don't think Annabeth really thought much of it. We were fine, some of the others were going to secure the Athena Parthenos and then…" He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. "She was right next to me and then one moment later she wasn't. I should've have just cut the webbing." "Percy-" "I just-I leapt after her," Percy continued, as if he wasn't even seeing Sally anymore. His eyes were glazed over, not entirely unfocused but instead focused on something that only Percy could see. "I couldn't reach my sword to cut the webbing that was pulling her into the chasm, I couldn't do anything and then all of a sudden we were over the edge." Sally felt her breath catch, her hand go to her mouth. What he was saying...she had pretty much expected it as soon as he mentioned the chasm but she had hoped she was wrong. "I caught a ledge about fifteen feet down, but it wasn't enough. We couldn't hold on long enough to get help. We were out of Nico's reach. There was just-there just wasn't enough time. Annabeth told me to let her go." His eyebrows scrunched and he shook his head. "Like I would do that after all the work we put into getting us back together? Besides," his voice dropped to a whisper, "someone was going to have to go into the pit anyways." Sally noticed the vocabulary change. "The Doors of Death had to be closed from both sides of the pit." Percy took one final, bracing breath. "So I told Nico to meet us on the other side. And then I looked at Annabeth and I told her we would never be separated again." Percy stood up fully erect and turned to face Sally completely for the first time. His body was tense, as if he was still bracing himself. "And then I let go of the ledge. And we fell. Together." Sally stood there, silent. She was terrified to speak, terrified to acknowledge the truth. Percy studied her and became increasingly worried. "I couldn't let her go alone, Mom. I just couldn't. I just got her back, I wasn't going to risk losing her." Sally's voice was quiet. "Where did the pit go, Percy?" She was pretty sure, but she had to know for certain. He closed his eyes. "Don't make me say the name." "Tartarus." Sally didn't say it like a question. Percy visibly flinched. After a moment's paused he opened his eyes with a small, insincere chuckle. "Told you it was worse than you could imagine." "What...what happened in...down there?" Percy shook his head. "I can't…" Sally stepped forward. "Percy-" Percy stepped back with a hand up. "No. I-I can't. I know that you're supposed to talk about your problems and that's supposed to help but...I just can't. Not yet." When Sally looked into Percy's eyes, she thought he had never looked so broken. There was so much pain and so much...guilt. Shame. "Percy, you and Annabeth falling wasn't your fault." "Maybe not." He didn't seem overly convinced about that. "But mom you don't know what I did down there. You don't know who I became, what I did. What I am , mom. How we got out, I just…" His breath started getting more and more labored and for the first time that she'd ever seen, it looked like Percy was on the verge of a panic attack. Still gasping, Percy sat down and put his head between his knees, his hands gripping his hair. Sally slowly sat down next to him and patiently waited for him to calm down. She didn't try to touch him again after his last reaction. Sally closed her eyes as she leaned against her building's brick facade. She listened to her not-even-eighteen year old son have a PTSD induced panic attack stemming from the trauma of travelling to literal hell, not to mention the other frequent near death experiences and two different wars he's fought in. Percy had come back from many battles before. He always tried to make his battles seem less scary than they were but he always told the truth, and he never kept secrets. He would come back shaken up and scared, but otherwise whole. But Sally listened to her son force deep breaths in and out and back in and she knew that this quest had gone very differently indeed.