bed where Jason lay, still unconscious. Hazel was trickling nectar into his mouth, and Leo was standing by, shifting from one foot to the other and tapping a screwdriver against his thigh. Frank sat in the corner, catching his breath. Annabeth supposed flying was a lot more tiring than walking. Percy, though, went straight for Annabeth. "Hey." He caught her arms, tugged her into an embrace. "You okay?" He looked at her neck, where blood from her cut had dried, crusting onto the edges of her dress. "You're hurt." "Oh, this?" Annabeth had almost forgotten about that cut; now that he had mentioned it, it began to sting. But she didn't have the energy to take care of it right now. "It's fine. Just shallow." She leaned against Percy, glad to take the weight off her bad foot. "Hazel, stop." Hazel froze, and turned to her. "We already gave him a bunch of ambrosia back there," she elaborated. "Too much nectar, and he might burn up. I think" – she hesitated. "Hera said it was a wound he'd have to fight, or something. I think there's only so much we can do." "Hera, as in Goddess-Babysitter-Lady?" Leo's brows knitted together, and his screwdriver-tapping increased in tempo. "You ran into her?" "Yes." Annabeth sighed, suddenly exhausted, and laid her head on Percy's shoulder, feeling as though she could sleep right there. "And she was as awful as ever, before you ask. Vague and haughty. But she said we should go around the Peloponnese. There's more, too – that we learned from the suitors. But" – She glanced at Piper, who was sitting beside Jason with his hand in hers and her eyes fixed on his face. "We'll tell you later. For now, give us a few hours to rest, okay?" Leo looked like he wanted to protest, but Percy spoke up. "That's fine," he said. "We'll reconvene at dinner, hopefully Jason will be awake then, and you guys can tell us everything that happened." Slowly, the group dispersed. Piper stayed with Jason, though, fingers still laced in his and eyes that seemed to be willing him back to life. Annabeth thought about staying, but Percy tugged on her hand and she went with him willingly. They went to his cabin, sat on the bed, leaning against each other. Annabeth fought the waves of exhaustion washing through her. It had just been one fight – she'd fought worse and harder before. In Tartarus, especially . . . She winced. "Still thinking about it?" Percy's voice was gravelly. He slid his fingers through hers and began to absentmindedly stroke circles on her hand with his thumb. "Of course. How could I not?" "I know." Percy sighed, rested his head against hers. "Stupid question, but I had to ask." "How'd you handle today? Any threats?" "None. Just a few hours of Frank teaching Hazel how to play Mythomagic and Leo being Leo." Percy's fingers stilled for a moment, and then started moving faster. "And of course, worrying out of my mind. I don't like not having you in sight. It makes me feel so helpless – like I'm dropping the ball." "You're not dropping the ball," she chided. "I'm slapping it out of your hands." Percy chuckled, and she smiled, too. "I can do it, Seaweed Brain. Don't doubt me." "Wouldn't dream of it." "No," she exhaled, leaning against him again, "but I know what you mean. I keep having these flashbacks, where I just – something triggers something else, and then I'm remembering things, and thinking they're going to happen again – I just feel really jumpy all the time. You know?" "Yeah." They were silent for a little longer, and then Annabeth felt a laugh bubbling up inside her. "Did Frank teach you how to play Mythomagic, too?" "He tried. Eventually I gave up." "You should learn how. You could play with Nico next time we see him." "Nico . . ." Percy's voice trailed off. Annabeth knew he'd felt a personal responsibility for Nico ever since Bianca had died. Not to mention he'd experienced the horrors of Tartarus alone – and they owed him their lives. It was hard to think how he was risking his right now. "Do you know what's been going on with him? He always seems so angry." Annabeth shook her head, bumping it against Percy's neck. "I really don't." She no longer thought he liked her – after seeing how he behaved towards her, so coolly but guarded at the same time, she thought there was something else instead, but she didn't know what it was. "But I hope that whatever it is, it gets better." She thought about Reyna, then. She'd felt such a kinship with Reyna right away – both daughters of strategists, both knowing what it felt like to be a leader, and both understanding what it was to be lonely. The difference was that she'd gotten Percy in the end, and Reyna was still alone. Annabeth hoped that everything was going well with her and Nico. "Me, too," agreed Percy. He tilted his head to the side, catching Annabeth off-guard in a kiss. She relaxed into him, feeling her whole body go limp. When they broke apart, Annabeth lay down on Percy's bed and pulled him down with her. They tried to stay apart at night, for the most part, what with Leo's screaming, Coach-Hedge-channeling table, but whenever she was alone in bed she lay awake for hours on end, fearing the nightmares that would claim her as soon as she closed her eyes. Lying in bed with Percy reminded her of the one time in Tartarus that she'd felt safe: in Damasen's little hut, with the smell of drakon-meat stew filling the air. "I want to sleep, Seaweed Brain," she mumbled, barely able to think through her tiredness. "Help me sleep." "Gladly," he whispered, pulling her closer. Wrapped in his warmth, Annabeth's unease began to slip away, and she drifted off.