missed most, it was probably the ability to relax. It had been a few months since his descent already, and though he was doing better than he had when he emerged, it still wasn't the same. Nevertheless, Percy wasn't one to mope. In private, maybe, but never in public. He'd never let one bad thing that happened ruin him, no matter how bad it was. He had to stay unbreakable, indomitable, for his friends. Percy let his gaze wander over the surface of the lake. Sleepy multicolored fish came up tentatively to the side of the small boat, mouthing the wood before swimming away. Bits and pieces of long freshwater seaweed could vaguely be seen below the water's surface, waving slowly as if saying hello to the son of Poseidon. The sun was still dipped halfway under the strawberry fields. A peaceful morning. Percy turned his head as he heard the yawning of naiads, who noticed him and gave him their cute flirty little half-waves as they giggled sleepily amongst themselves. Percy gave them a small smile and wave before stretching out his arms in the morning sun. The calm of the water and atmosphere really did calm his nerves. He was feeling more at ease than he had in months. Percy was grateful for that. 0000000000 Percy realized he'd dozed off about three seconds after waking up. He glanced around blearily, noticing it was only slightly lighter and warmer than when he had nodded off, which meant he was only napping for about a half an hour or less. Grabbing the oars, he decided it was time to return to shore and sat up. The pain hit him before his mind could even register. Percy doubled over unwillingly, the canoe rocking with his movement. It was unlike anything he'd ever felt before, a pain starting in his gut and slowly, excruciatingly, spreading both upwards and downwards. He let go of the oars frantically and gripped the side of the boat as his other arm circled his middle. What was going on? Both his mind and body screamed as he entered a form of panic. He needed to get to shore, get to Annabeth, Chiron, someone, anyone. It didn't matter as long as it was before his insides exploded or something. Desperately, Percy tried moving the canoe by will, nothing happening except more pain and the lake erupting into waves. He couldn't control his power. Great. Maybe the water would help? Yeah. His brain was getting increasingly more hazy with searing pain. Son of Posiedon. Water. Son of Posiedon plus water equals good. "Please, please, pleasepleaseplease please ," Percy gritted out of his teeth as he jerkily shoved his hand off the side of the boat and into the water. He was gonna need to get his whole body in somehow. He tried to stand up, his vision swimming as he tasted a warm metallic substance in his mouth. Great. This whole experience was wonderful. Percy coughed suddenly, his chest contracting painfully. His hands flew to his mouth as he leaned over himself and his shaking legs tried to support him. The coughs wracked him like he was being hit over and over, he felt like a big sickly punching bag. When he could finally breathe, he pulled his hands off his mouth to find them coated in blood. Hooooly Shit. This was bad. Like on a scale of Piper-Forgot-To-Turn-Off-Her-Charmspeak bad to Jason-Fell-Asleep-MidFlight-Again bad, this was somewhere around the second option. Except worse. At least Percy thought it was worse. His dizzy vision could make out a few naiads pointing in concern at him but suddenly there was no sound. Just him and the feeling of being torn to shreds. Rest in peace, Perseus Jackson, died at the age of 17, from stomach pains, he thought blearily. Wait. The water began to thrash beneath the boat as Percy's eyes widened and he felt a shiver down his spine. Was this the sickness Annabeth mentioned? Percy coughed again, blood pouring from his mouth. He needed to get into the water. ASAP. Now . He stood up as best he could, finding the edge of the canoe with difficulty. Glancing up, he found the source of the waves that rocked the tiny boat. A bronze dragon, thrashing around the water, the world still silent to Percy's ears. He stumbled as the boat rocked more as he blinked rapidly. He was starting to feel increasingly nauseous. What was he about to do just now? Why was he out on the lake? What was happening? Percy sputtered more blood out of his mouth. He didn't know where he was. The world felt like it was turning upside down. Percy felt his arm jerk to the side, someone was in front of him. He looked through lidded eyes at a familiar face. Leo? What was he doing here? Wasn't he dead? Percy blinked slowly as the brown eyed boy began to silently shout at him. Percy felt like he was watching a film, not even feeling himself begin to sway or the pressure of Leo's hands on his shoulders. The pain in his belly was white hot, so blistering he wasn't sure anymore if it was hot or cold. He must be dreaming, or something. Leo continued to shake him and scream in slow motion, his eyes wild with panic. Percy couldn't understand why. Was this Leo an illusion? Wasn't Leo in Tartarus? Yeah…in Tartarus. Because Percy ran him through with a sword. He really should apologize for that. Percy's vision went from double to triple, and the last thing he saw was Leo desperately trying to get him to respond when the world turned inside out and he began to fall in slow motion. Tartarus. He was falling into Tartarus, the thought echoed without sound through his skull. Falling down, down, down. Again. 0000000000 Alright thanks for reading! Leave reviews and let me know what you think (should I continue it or nah, basically)