So tired she could barely talk, but she did manage, "Thanks." "That should have killed her!" he protested. "Get used to it," Annabeth said grimly. "Do I get to put you down now?" "Not at all," laughed June. "We have a river to cross, after all." A river . Annabeth remembered Stheno's shower of dust falling out of the sky and got an idea. "You two," she said. "Will the borders keep the Gorgons out?" " We're supposed to," said the girl warily. "But if they can't be killed" – "I have an idea," Annabeth said. "There's a river?" "Yeah." The girl gestured up ahead. "The Little Tiber. But" – "They'll follow me," Annabeth knew. "If you two stay out of sight, track them until I'm in the river, and shoot them right above the water – it'll have to be a killing shot, but" – "I can do it," the guy promised. "Hazel" – "I'll help you hide, hold them back if I can." She gestured. "Through the tunnel up ahead, straight on forward until you find the river." "Perfect." Annabeth hefted June higher on her shoulders. "Let's do this." … The river was not pleasant. It wasn't too fast, exactly, nor even too deep, but there was something about the way that it swirled around her that Annabeth didn't like. It could have been exhausted hallucinating, it could have been June's now-sandbag-like weight on her shoulders, but it felt like it was warning her away. Like it didn't like her. She could hear noises from behind her; rumblings in the tunnel, yelling gorgons. She couldn't let them cross, though, so despite the unfriendly feeling of the water she reached the middle – the deepest part – and waited. Water rushed by her, pulling at her tattered shirt; freezing coldness soaked into her legs, up to her waist, but she waited. "Ha!" came a shriek from right above her. Euryale had arrived, Stheno right behind her. "Now, Annabeth Chase, you will" – Thunk-thunk . Annabeth jumped out of the way as two arrows, shot so quickly and in succession that she marveled, sank into the Gorgons one after another. Right above where she had been standing, dust showered into the water. She heard wailing, but the river churned the dust around in circles, keeping it separate, and soon enough, two of Annabeth's three tormentors were swept away down the river. The third, of course, was still on her shoulders, but Annabeth had finally staggered the rest of the way across the river, and it was only dignity that kept her from collapsing on the bank. "Can I put you down now ?" she bit out. The lady smiled and began to climb down from her back while the other two caught up to them. "Nice shooting," Annabeth said to the archer. "Nice thinking ," he responded. "How'd you think of using the river" – But other people were arriving now. Hordes of them, in fact, all in purple shirts like the ones Annabeth's saviors were wearing. All staring, and talking, and trying to ask questions – It was so much that Annabeth swayed with exhaustion. Maybe this time she would have even crumpled to the ground, but June caused a distraction by changing form. Growing to several feet taller, a staff appearing in her hand and an animal-skin cloak around her shoulders. Gasps resounded, and the others began to sink to their knees. Despite having wanted to be on the ground two seconds ago, now all Annabeth wanted to do was stand. She refused to kneel to this lady she'd just lugged across a highway and a river. "Juno," spoke up a boy, awe in his voice. "Lady" – The goddess smiled. "Romans, I present to you your newest camper. She has been asleep for many months, but now she has come to you for the times ahead. She may have been my second choice, but" – "Hey!" Annabeth protested. Carry a lady across a highway and a river, and then she introduces you as her second choice? She really didn't like this goddess. "Meet Annabeth Chase," the goddess Juno interrupted, smiling wickedly, "Daughter of Minerva." More gasps. In the midst of the shock, the goddess disappeared. Okay, so apparently there was something wrong with being a child of Minerva. For some reason, Annabeth's brain wanted to correct that name even more vehemently than it did any of the others – Athena, it insisted, not Minerva, Athena – and maybe this was somehow related to that? Either way, she knew she didn't like being whispered about, and the quiet, "Minerva?" – "How?" – "What?" did not make her feel any better. But she was so very tired, and cold, and wet. Her pants clung uncomfortably to her legs, still dripping river water. She lifted an arm to press a hand to her forehead, and grimaced as she hit yet another bruise at her hairline. "Look," she said tiredly, "I'm not sure what's going on here, okay? Frankly, I don't even know who I am. Who's in charge here?" A blond boy stepped forward, out of the crowd. "I am," he said. Annabeth sized him up. He was fairly tall, and wearing a purple cape, but even if not for those, Annabeth would have known he was a leader. It was something about the way he held himself: straight posture, confidence in the set of his face, and a deep, deep tiredness in the lines around his eyes. His eyes . When she saw them, she staggered. Bright blue, almost electric – a wave of something hit her mind, like a really, really strong déjà vu. "I know" – She had to stop after just those two words, because she didn't. Not really. "Not you," she finished lamely. Stared hard at his eyes. "But" – "I'm Jason Grace," he informed her. "Praetor of the Twelfth Legion of Rome. And it looks like you and I have some things to discuss."