that the awesome, hot, and cool moi kept it nice and chill, spilling the whole freaking truth in a dignified manner. But I can't say that. Instead, their stares filled with reassurance and acceptance broke the dam and I bawled loudly onto Nico, spilling all of my secrets that I kept under wraps from my friends for years. All that I've done, all of my insecurities, everything. The whole time, Nico just reassured me and rocked me back and forth, while Will tapped the floor with his finger, allowing me to count and calm. And at the end of it, my nose was stuffy and I was so tired. Out of all the times I've cried, I had never been as emotionally drained. I tiredly looked at Will and Nico and I could tell that they were the same, although Will had enough control to get us some tea that was supposed to help people calm down. Which, surprisingly, did happen after about two hours give or take. Welp. There went my dignity. Oh wait – that crap disappeared when Nico and Will coaxed me into taking off my pants to attend to the few recent cuts. Good thing too, because it turns out that a few were infected! Oops. Although, it took another break down and promise of cake for me to allow them to do that. I felt so vulnerable and naked, yet… I felt better. It was only scarcely, but better was better. Right? Eventually, after a couple more talks and break downs the following weeks, I finally had the courage to allow Nico and Will to tell Chiron what had been going on. Though at first, Chiron brushed it off, not truly believing what he was hearing; however, Nico managed to make him open his eyes and see the truth. Which he did after he got a good and true look at me. Ah, how the awesome Leo had been reduced into an un-cool Leo. Literally. My fire had become dim after the war, and gods was Nico pissed when I told him that. (I told him I thought he was going to kill me, but I'd be okay. He was consufused, so i told him, "You can only kill my if you kill me with a spear. That way, you can have soul ownership of me in the afterlife as long as it gets you from you grim state of dis-spear ." He punched me and claimed my shitty pun didn't even make sense. Psh. The great Leo always makes sense! ... But i had to agree, not my best work. Ugh.) It took more time to convince him to allow the three of us to go get me checked out in a mortal hospital, but we managed after a few days of nagging. A few trips to the same doctor, and a few therapy sessions later, I was officially diagnosed with depression and was put on some decently strong medication. It made me feel slightly weird at first, but in time it did its job and helped me feel more like myself again. I was also supposed to meet with a therapist once a week for the foreseeable future, and was invited to go to a group therapy session with other young adults. To be honest, I did not want to go to the group therapy. Normal therapy was already awkward as hell, but Nico convinced me to go. Well, more like it turned out that Nico also went to the same group therapy because of his anxiety, though he stopped since he had been getting better but started again for moral support. I mean, I knew he had it but I didn't realize that he took medication for it and went to therapy. 'Tis a small world! Months following all of this, I relapsed a few times. Not as badly as how I used to do things, but still enough to harm myself. Nico would always help me through it though, as did 'Da Gang.' I tried not to think about things that I had done, and instead tried to think more of the future. My friends, my creations, the ladies that love and adore me. It helped a lot. I guess my therapist does have some use after all. And thus far, I felt more alive than I had in a long time. I could finally give a genuine smile, and all of my friends have been supporting and helping me. We've had more get togethers and everyone had included me, as often as they could, in their conversations and outings. We all celebrated my 19th birthday, which was one of the best days of my life! You know, minus Percabeth, those darn lovebirds, getting engaged. Finally . Things seriously seemed to be looking up, much more than they had in years. Yeah, yeah. I get it. The journey to recovery won't be easy and blah blah blah – trust me. I know. It doesn't take a genius, though I am one, to know it. But, I am getting better. Yes, I relapse sometimes. Yes, I break down sometimes. Yes, I take many steps forward, and then a couple back… But, I am doing more recovery than relapsing. I am getting help, and I am doing my best to enjoy my life. I am, at last, able to control my life. The cruel and horrid thing I always thought I had no control over seemed so tame now. It felt like I had found the missing screws of a machine and fixed it up to work for me. Good thing too. I got tired of running. And I, at last, had enough courage to fight back. It's great to breathe. Not entirely satisfied with this, but I really wanted to write a little something for Leo. - Also, I'm kinda stuck in my other story, thanks to moi reading the whole Heroes of Olympus series in a week. No regrets though. (✿╹◡╹)