painful possible 'modification' fot the first." "Yes, yes he will muttered Phoebe." 4hrs later. Percy walked into the front room of the workshop truly happy for the first time in his life. I was surprised. It appears that Percy, or a hopeful adopted son of mine, gets along very well with his cousin. And the change in Hephaestus. He looked young again, and his eyes held a smirk so reminiscent of Poseidon. It was pretty odd actually. I looked at Percy, and was stunned by the transformation. What had once been bleach white bone was now beams of celestial bronze, blueish atlantean steel, and Stygian iron. And I had to say, he looked like he could easily destroy allot of somethings using his bare wrists now that the scars no longer mutilated his arms and legs. Then Hephaestus told Percy to raise his shirt. It was amzing. His back was no longer ridge after ridge after ridge of scar tissue, but it looked like he had lines of flesh in between plates of an alloy of celestial bronze, stygian iron, and atlantean steel. He looked, whole, like that is what he was meant to be. I was happy for him, and I could see the same happiness that I had for Percy glittering in Phoebe's eyes. I guess we were going to talk about Percy's decision later then. I approached Percy but before I could Hephaestus aproached me and told me in detail what he'd done to Percy. With Percy's brain, which was unusually acute for a son of Poseidon, Hephaestus had managed to make the metals fuse with his blood, and they acted like faster moving, stronger, impenetrable muscles. They were also in a self healing, in case they did get cut or hurt. I must say I'm impressed. I then told Percy. "It's time to go back to camp Percy. That sound good?" "Ok Miss Artemis. By uncle Hepaestus." said Percy in his weird hiss of his voice. I looked at Hephaestus and mouthed "Uncle?" He mouthed back "Better than cousin" As I reached out to touch Percy's shoulder, he reached up and stuck his stub of a wrist into my hand while he stuck his other wrist into Pheobe's. ( He doesn't have fingers yet.) I was surprised, but happy to say the least, he liked me enough to put one of his not so mangled stubs into me and Phoebe's hands. I can honestly say that I was pretty happy right now. But it was time to leave Hephaestus to what ever he had to do next. So I flashed me, Percy, and Phoebe into the hunters camp. Hunters camp, Zoe P.O.V. Milady has been gone for several hours. The hunters are getting along much better since she came in and settled the dispute. Suddenly there was a flash near the campfire, and I saw Percy, who looked like more metal than six year old, who was holding 'hands' with Phoebe and Artemis. I was so happy once I saw that. It meant Percy was slowly getting over his terror of any one besides Phoebe and me. It made really happy. Percy seemed like a perfect child, but he needed a mother or a big sister in his life. Artemis sat a small distance away from the hunters, and motioned over to me. She had just put Percy into a black tent that just appeared, I'm guessing to go to bed. Then Milady started the weirdest conversation I've ever had in my immortal life. "Zoe, do you feel the need to mother Percy?" "That's a good name for what I'm feeling, why?" "Because me and Phoebe feel the same way, and we would like to give Percy 2 mothers in his life. We were wondering if you felt the same because he could probably use a third in his life." "Yes, I'd be more than willing, when are we going to bring it up to Percy?" I said with a feeling of such incredible joy that I couldn't understand it. "We were thinking tomorrow morning after breakfast when the hunters normally go to shoot arrows." Said Phoebe. "Sounds good to me. Lets do it then." With that determined, we all headed off to bed. Percy P.O.V. When I got up out of the weird box thingy with the bed, I went to find Phoebe. Or Zoe. Or Miss Artemis. I found them looking around really really fast for something. I said hi, and asked to look with them, but they aren't hearing me. They only noticed me when I jumped infront of Miss Artemis who then said. "I found him!" Oh, they were looking for me. I guess that makes sense. I was then pulled into a big hug by all three nice big girls. I was surprised. Yesterday they only liked me, now they were pulling me into a massive hug? I thought hugs were for people you liked allot. That means that they all like me! Horray! Cause I really like them to. They pulled me onto a brown bar that looked like the anvils in Hephaestus work shop. Then Miss Artemis started to talk. "Percy, me, Zoe and Pheobe want to talk to you about something. It's really important that you listen to me ok?" She said worriedly. "Okay, I'll try to listen really really close." She smiled when I said that. Then she said that the three really nice girls wanted to be my mommies. That really nice of them I was so happy that I pulled all three of them into a really big hug and started chanting. "I have three mommies, I have three mommies, I have three mommies" Over and over and over again. They started laughing after I said that. They laugh really pretty. Artemis P.O.V. He said he has three mommies! And I'm one of them! That is awesome!. Now how to tell the hunters that a boy will be staying with them for all of eternity...