would be the right decision to make. No rush. As if they had all the time in the world, pretending this alley in the dark would protect them. Sinking in further, Percy couldn't help it. He was kidding himself to state Luke wasn't attractive.; this kind of situation had crossed his mind once or twice before, but now, this was real. And this half blood was offering him a scenario that held promise, that would solve everything... Pushing the man off him, and gasping for air, Percy grasped at what was left of his conscience. "Y-you can't just do this..." He shook his head, breaking the spell Luke seemed to have over him. "I can't just, throw everything away-" "You don't have anything to throw away." That cold, intimidating exterior was starting to resurface again, the hands encircling the younger's hips tightening. "You've got nothing , Percy. No friends to protect you, no money, no plan. But..." Luke scanned Percy's face up and down, wetting his lips. "You could have me. And together we'd be unstoppable. No monsters would dare come near us. No demigod would dare challenge us. You and me, at the top of an army. Why are you against this, Perce? What's there to lose?" It was getting more and more difficult to keep his mind straight, sidetracked by Luke's intoxicating guarantees. Slipping his mind was the root of the matter; Luke was the one who had started all this. He'd killed people. He'd done it for the good of the world, but who was he to judge what was good and what was not? As Luke sensed this struggle of thought, he leaned in slowly, trying at another go... And was halted. Percy, hands curled against a broad chest, stopped the demigod from advancing any further on him again. The resistance was only slight, but Luke felt it. "I can't," Percy admitted quietly. Almost regretfully. Yes, there was regret and even guilt in his voice for turning down Luke's offer, and if this didn't end soon, Percy was sure he would turn around to accept it. "I can't do this, I'm sorry, Luke..." Why was he apologizing? Why did he feel like he'd done something wrong? The older half-blood didn't respond. He only stared the younger boy down, conflict evident in his bright blue eyes. Hoping that his decision wasn't final, wishing the answer was different. He was angry now. Expression turning drastically to visibly upset, he was losing control of the situation. No, he'd already lost control; and how Luke had been sure he'd won the young demigod over. Luke contemplated taking Percy with him anyways. Just snatching him up, stealing him away despite the boy turning him down. No one would know the difference. Percy didn't know what he really wanted. What he was missing out on. That's right, Luke Castellan could do what he pleased; and what pleased him was Percy Jackson. He could so easily take him away, keep the demigod for himself where no one else could reach. Perfect. It would be so easy. So tempting. But... Percy seemed remorseful. He felt sorry for Luke, it was apparent through the look on his face, and how his fingers were still curled tight into the other's jacket. He was sorry for saying no, sorry about everything that had happened. As blood was still dripping slowly from the recent cut, the boy still felt sorry for him. And Luke was almost offended by how much Percy seemed to care. He couldn't break the boy. Not like that. Forcing him would be the worst mistake the son of Hermes would have ever made, he knew this. That didn't mean he was finished, though. Giving up was out of the question. "Fine," Luke spat after a time, pushing off from the brick wall and away from Percy. He attempted not to let emotion slip through his tone, trying keeping his cold reputation intact. "Have it your way. Youre making a mistake, Percy." The younger demigod looked like he was about to reply, but instead bit his lip, keeping it to himself. Fixed his clothes with a pink tinge on his face, avoiding Luke's eye. "Don't die, if you can help it... and you'd better stay hidden..." Luke wasn't planning on sticking around after this rejection. Picking up his sword, he sliced the air in a practiced fashion, stepping through his handmade portal in an instant. And then he was gone. A slight breeze replaced his presence. Percy didn't say anything, still breathing hard. Alone, in a dark alley. Feeling the adrenaline rush out of his system in a heartbeat, Percy slumped down the wall, hitting the pavement with no support. Going limp on the ground, letting his head fall forward. He swore, tipsily reveling at the past couple minutes of his life- nearly laughed, part relief and half hysteria. Turning his head back and forth, woozy with exhaustion and confusion. He wasn't dead, though. Luke had spared him; instead kissed him and begged Percy to join him, choosing to leave Percy be rather than slicing him up upon his refusal. It didn't seem right, almost too lucky for the boy to have left the incident unscathed. He could still feel the ghost of lips on his face: on his mouth, in his mouth, across his jaw, and over his cheek, where... Almost unscathed. The demigod lifted his hand, wiping it across the left side of his face. Inspecting it in the fim lighting, he saw a smudge of red trail from his thumb back to his wrist. Percy gingerly touched at the cut again, this time finding a bit of red on his fingers. Licking his palm, he carefully rubbed what was left of the blood off his face; he would heal it later. Sitting on the cold pavement, energy drained, he had only a cut on his cheek to prove the encounter actually happened. Luke Castellan. Percy really didn't understand him at all. •-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•