blue and bangs to the side and she had amethyst eyes. She reminded me of Thalia who also had a 'don't mess with me' aura "Ciara Benvenuti, daughter of Tyche, Greek counterpart of Fortuna" she had wavy light brown hair and hazel eyes. She looked guarded but seemed laid back. "Paolo Montes, son of Hebe, Greek counterpart of Juventas" he had brown hair and blue eyes. He had the same expression as Ciara except with less tension. "Laurel Victor, daughter of Nike, Greek counterpart of Victoria" she had curly blue hair that gets a shade darker until it reaches the bottom and blue green eyes. She had a competitive glint in her eyes as if she's waiting for a challenge. "Damien White, son of Nemesis, Greek counterpart of Invidia" a guy with black hair and sky blue eyes. He had an emotionless expression as he surveyed the Romans "Elena Jordan, daughter of Iris, Greek counterpart of Arcus" she had shore curly light blonde hair, and colorful eyes that seemed to sparkle. She was the first to smile warmly at all of us. I silently sighed in relief, at least I know one is nice. Two girls stepped forward together "Alice Miyazawa" the first girl introduced "Julia Feingold" the second girl folowed "daughters of Hermes, Greek counterpart of Mercury" they said in unison. They reminded me of the Stoll brothers. Both had the signature mischievous blue eyes of the Hermes cabin except, Alice had short layered ginger colored hair while Julia had long straight blonde hair. I was getting restless, is Annabeth even here? Is anyone I'm really close with here? "Did you bring anyone I'm really familiar with?" I blurted out. Damn ADHD! The last 5 chuckled "Don't worry not all of us are newbies to you Percy" one of the five removed his helmet to reveal an old friend "Austin Lake, son of Apollo" he introduced and smirked at me. "Sherman Yang, son of Ares, Greek counterpart of Mars, Hey Jackson" he smirked too The girl, "V", who spoke earlier stepped forward and removed her helmet revealing light brown curls and cerulean blue eyes "I'm Valerie, a naiad, in other terms, sea nymph" she introduced and smiled at me "Hey Percy, we've been worried" she scolded playfully I smiled sheepishly "Hey Val, how are you and Mal?" "We're fine" she smiled warmly The girl who hit the first guy earlier then stepped forward and stood straight "Phoebe, hunter of Artemis, Greek counterpart of Diana" "Hey Phoebe" I greeted "Perseus" she nodded stiffly though she had a small smile. Ever since I got Lady Artemis' favor, the hunters trusted me as well and got along with the campers now. Then the guy who disrespected Reyna stepped forward "Mark Lloyd, son of Ares, Greek counterpart of Mars" he said proudly before his eyes rest on me "You got some business to clear up Jackson" he sneered I shivered at the similarity it had to Lady Athena's warning but rolled my eyes at his typical behavior. Some of the Romans growled at the disrespect shown to both praetors. "Are any of you leaders of Camp Half-Blood?" Reyna asked before I could retort "I'm afraid not, our leaders are back at home handling everyone. We were just chosen representatives, the newbies needed more experience. As for the 5 of us, we're senior campers, somebody has to guide the newbies and at the same time guide you to Camp" Phoebe answered and Reyna nodded at her "Now, let's get to business, Sherman, Damien, lower the gangplank!" Mark ordered them before turning to the Romans "Grace told us you go by cohort, so your line will be by that" he continued. He was about to turn around but stopped and looked at us again "Almost forgot, fifth cohort, you're up first along with praetors, a little request by Jason since he was from fifth" he added "Will we all fit?" I asked, the warship was big but we were so many. The Greeks raised an eyebrow at my question "We? Don't you mean, they? Or are you a Roman now Jackson? Oh wait, would you prefer praetor?" Mark sneered at me. I felt fury go through me, this guy was really getting on my nerves. "It isn't like that!" I snapped "Percy/Mark! Enough!" Reyna and Phoebe shouted in unison "Mark, calm down, I'm sure Percy was merely curious. He doesn't mean any offense" Valerie said softly yet firmly before turning to me "Percy, do you doubt the building skills of camp?" she asked. Her voice was soft but had an edge to it as if saying 'say the wrong thing and you're dead' "No" I said without hesitation and one of the newbies – Raven – cleared their throat "Umm… if I may, Percy right? We've heard about you from camp. Anyways, the Argo II isn't just a huge metal machine, it's a magical warship. It also never runs out of room, a spell and idea courtesy of Cabins 6, 9, and 20. Actually, the spell also affects the weight of the ship, you can put a whole city but it won't weigh any heavier. You Romans have your own floor actually, you see the warship was originally made in case we have to meet you guys, the Greeks have the upper floor which was a request from the builders while you have the lower floor" Raven explained and I nodded while the Romans stood in awe while some scowled. Can't really blame them, most are legacies, it was a bit rare to bare gives from birthright and they probably didn't like being in a lower position. "Umm guys… why don't we just get moving? The faster we move, the faster we get going" another newbie, Alice? I think, suggested Soon enough we were loading up the Argo II, the Greeks gave the Romans a brief tour of the Argo, as well as some rules and regulations and then, we set sail for Camp Half-Blood