hands in his pockets. "Sorry," he said, biting his lip. "I just – I saw you running this way and I was curious, so I followed you. I didn't mean to scare you. What are you doing over here?" Annabeth stayed plastered against the wall, staring at him with wide eyes. Percy took a hand out of his pocket and scratched the back of his head. "Oh yeah. You don't talk." Annabeth watched him as he awkwardly stood there, trying to figure out what to say. She figured that if he was going to hurt her, he would have done it by now. She took a step away from the wall, thinking that if he wasn't here to hurt her, she might as well try to get him to help her. She walked over to him and grabbed his arm, then pointed up to the window. "You need to get through that window?" he asked. Annabeth nodded, giving him a small smile. He nodded back, like he was confirming her confirmation. Then he grabbed her arm and dragged her over to the wall. Getting down on one knee, he made a little step with his hands and looked up expectantly at her. "You step on my hands and I'll lift you up to the window," he explained. Annabeth gave him a wary look, to which he rolled his eyes at. "Oh please, you're not that heavy. You look about as light as a feather." Annabeth still didn't move. "Look, Annabeth," he said, a bit irritated. "We can stand over here as long as you'd like, but pretty soon, the guards are going to come and do their rounds over here and we're gonna get busted for trying to sneak into the kitchen. So you can either trust me or wait to die." Annabeth stepped onto his hands, using his head to balance herself. Percy stood suddenly and Annabeth went flying towards the window. She tumbled inside with a yelp and landed on a counter. She tumbled off, landing in a crumpled heap on the ground. She stayed there for a minute, her entire body aching, before she remembered what Percy said about the guards. She hopped up, her eyes immediately searching the room for any kind of food. The kitchen looked clear. There was nothing on any of the counters and nothing on the big island in the middle. Annabeth walked over to the fridge and opened it, only to find it completely empty. She bit her lip and walked over to the pantry, finding it empty as well. She ran over to the cabinets, going through each one. Finding each cabinet empty, panic rose in her throat. She slammed the last one shut, not caring that it made a loud bang. Running a frustrated hand through her hair, she allowed her eyes another desperate search of the room. This was it. She was going to die tomorrow. Luke was going to kill her and it was all because she was too weak to find food. What a pathetic way to die. She stalked back over to the window. Creak. Annabeth stopped dead in her tracks. She glanced around the room, searching for a quick hiding place, before she realized that the noise she heard had been made by her own foot. She looked down and put weight on her right foot. Creak. Annabeth fell to the ground and pried open the loose panel. When she saw what was inside, she almost burst into tears. Food. It was food. Bread, meat, fruit, veggies. Annabeth dug her hand in, grabbing a couple loaves of bread, some strawberries, a few bananas, and a couple handfuls of carrots. She stuffed it all in her bag and put the panel back in its place. She counted and made sure that she remembered which one it was before making a beeline for the window. Percy was still waiting underneath it. When he saw Annabeth poking her head out, he told her to jump for it and he'd catch her. Annabeth hesitated, but did as he told her, clutching the satchel tight against her. She landed in Percy's arms, who caught her like he was catching an inflatable ball. When he set her down, Annabeth gave him a smile – a real one, one that she meant. His cheeks grew red. "You were sneaking in for food, weren't you," he said. "Because of Luke's test." Annabeth nodded. He stared at her for a minute before saying, "Come on. I'll take you to his house." OoOoOoOoOoOoO Annabeth dumped the bag of food onto Luke's bed. Luke stared at it with disbelieving eyes. "Where'd you get all this?" he finally asked. Annabeth shrugged, saying without words that it didn't matter. He stared at her long and hard, like he was trying to find the answer by reading her. Finally, his face broke out in a smile. "Well done," he said. "You passed the first test. I didn't think you had it in you." Annabeth couldn't help smiling back. She didn't think she'd had it in her either. Her smile was wiped away, however, when Luke continued, "Your next test is surviving an attack. I'll have some of my men do the job sometime soon, so watch your back." With that, he handed Annabeth her satchel, now refilled with the food she'd stole, and left the room. Annabeth stood there, clutching the bag of food. She'd been so focused on passing the first test that she'd completely forgotten about the others. Annabeth had grown up in Elysium. Whenever she was beaten, the best thing to do was wait until her aunt or uncle had used up all of their anger. She'd never actually been in a fight where she'd have to fight for her life. She'd felt so good about finding food, but how on earth could she survive this next test? So this is the first part of a three-shot. I hoped you all liked it! Please review!