Travis answered. "My father hasn't told me of any war." Jason said. "He probably doesn't want to worry you." Travis said. "As I had said; King Hades wants to wage war. King Zeus can still stop the war from happening." Jason nodded. "He still should have told me. I'll talk to him later. Thank you for sharing this information with me." Connor rubbed his hand. "Darn. That delicious little boy has a strong grip!" He said randomly. He licked his lips. Jason narrowed his eyes. "While you're staying here, you will not go near Nico. If I hear that you are bothering him– if you touch him in any way– you'll be going back to your kingdom without a few limbs." He growled. He was surprised by his protectiveness. He didn't know where it was coming from or why he felt the need to keep this man away from Nico. Connor looked amused. "That will be a hard task. I probably will break this rule, but it will be totally worth it." Jason was about to wring Connor's neck when Travis elbowed his brother in the ribs and whispered in his ear. Connor nodded in realization. "What?" Jason asked. "I was just warning him to stay away from Nico." Travis said. "And I told him why I think you're so protective." Jason raised an eyebrow. "Oh?" Connor nodded. "You're in love with him like I am." Then he sighed. "It's no wonder. He does look tasty ." He grinned dirtily. Jason's eyes were as wide as saucers. " What ?! You think I'm in love with him? Why the hell would you think that?" Jason thought that this was the most ridiculous thing he has ever heard. He's never felt that way towards another male. Towards Nico. And he never will. "Well, first off, you act like a highly protective boyfriend to him." Connor said. "During our spar, you constantly looked in Nico's direction. I guess it was to make sure Connor didn't try anything." Travis said. "You smiled at Nico like he was your whole world when he checked you for wounds." Connor said. Travis was about to add another reason until Jason cut him off. "Okay! I get how you would think that. But I don't feel that way about him. He's my best friend. He's like my brother. And I kind of don't look at guys that way, anyway." Connor scratched his chin. "So what I'm hearing is, Nico is free?" Jason glared daggers at him. "No. Don't touch him. He isn't gay anyway." "Are you sure you don't like him?" Travis asked. "And how can you be so sure about Nico's sexuality?" Connor asked. "Has he ever dated a girl?" "No." "Does he blush around you?" Jason thought for a moment. "...yes." "Do you two ever talk about girls?" Travis asked. Jason remembered when Queen Aphrodite and her daughter, Piper, came to visit the palace. When they had left, Jason confided his interest in the beautiful girl to Nico. He had remembered a look of hurt on the boy's pretty face. Until now, he'd never understood that look of hurt. He now had an idea as to why that look had graced his features. And if he remembered, Nico really isn't one for physical contact...unless it's with Jason himself. And whenever he takes off his shirt, Nico pointedly tried to not look at his body. And when he did, his pale, olive toned skin flared red. And then Nico got nervous when that knight helped him up when he fell. He kept stuttering and his face was as red as a tomato. And then there was the time where Jason thought he heard Nico say he looked hot. Then there's the fact that Nico likes laying on him. And Jason, in turn, liked it when he laid on him. And then there was the time when Nico— Jason came to a decision. "Nico likes me." Jason said, surprise showing evident in his facial features. Conner nodded. "Indeed he does. Can you give me tips?" "And you are absolutely sure that you do not return his romantic feelings towards you? Not even in the tiniest bit?" Travis asked. Connor kicked his brother. "Hey, if he doesn't like the boy, leave the man alone!" Jason thought of Nico, trying to see what his feelings were towards the younger boy. Nico was a nice, quiet person who liked his privacy. He was intelligent. He was quite a fighter for a person his size. He stood up for himself. He also could be very mean when he wanted to. Nico was a very fun person. He was also a very good looking person. He had a beautiful face with large, chocolate brown eyes. His long black hair was shiny and thick and wavy. He had a nice, small body that Jason could easily carry. His body was well built and lean. He had also had nice, slender hips that Jason always liked to grab. He loved it when Nico sat on him. Especially with Nico's small body pressed up against Jason's muscular one. And that ass... "...aw fuck." ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- WELP! That ending sort of sucked sweaty, horse crap flavored elephant cocks... :D Hopes you likes! Reviews are like puppies. And everyone loves puppies. Well, except for those heartless idiots who abuse poor dogs...and people who just don't like dogs. Please, if you review now, you will be saving a puppies itty bitty life. You can symbolically adopt a puppy, and I will send the puppy to you. Let's save the puppies of the world! Nah. You're not saving any puppies if you review...but it'll be nice anyway! I'd like to see what you peoples think. (; Remember! Adrian wants to kill the parrots of Indonesia, booties are the cause of hypothermia, and Patricia ate the son of Captain America! Deuces, stegosauruses. ✌️✌️ ~Arsenal B.