but she was more interested in the flowers. "I love sunflowers!" "Uh, you… y-you do?" She nodded eagerly and then sneezed. Leo felt a laugh tickle the back of his throat. "Are you allergic?" "Only to you." She sniffed, wiping her nose on her hand. Leo pulled some tissues from his belt. And then some antihistamines when she sneezed again. "Ugh, hold them." He got the flowers back, feeling the giggles coming on as he produced a bottle of water as well. "Right, I'm OK now." "Sure?" He quizzed bemusedly. She threw her hand out, grabbing at the air. Leo passed the bouquet back, deciding to keep a close eye on her. "You're a strange one." "What was ya first clue?" "The fact you like something that's bad for you." He nodded at the flowers. Louisa shoved the petals in his face and then sneezed again. Leo decided to push the proverbial boat out a bit more, test the waters- "Is that why you like me so much?" "Beg ya pardon?" "You know," he grinned cheekily, "Bad Boy Supreme and all." "The only thing bad 'bout you is ya smell 'n' an ego that never seems to stop growin', good gods, Valdez, get a grip." "OK." And he gripped her free hand. "I'm going to use a technicality on this one; you can't kill me." "Says who?" "Me. I have my grip. And I have your grip too. See?" He held up their hands. Louisa tried wiggling her fingers, blowing a raspberry when she couldn't. Leo tipped his head to one side to examine her watch. "Any minute now…" "Valdez, I'm gettin' numb fingers." He let go, giving her a moment to work feeling back into her hand. She stiffened a second later, casting furtive looks at those around them. People suddenly seemed busy with their beach blankets or food or talking about how nice the weather had been. "Let's go up there." She said, pointing to the top of the hill. Leo went along with this, feeling very conscious. Demigods started muttering behind them. Louisa was pointedly singing Thirty Seconds To Mars under her breath. Leo tried to recall one of his earlier blueprints, repeating all his ideas for it over and over until they reached the hilltop, away from everyone else, out of ear-shot, nothing to say or hear that could be potentially incriminating. Louisa sneezed again the second they sat down. "Like a little kitten." "I will break you." "Please don't. I just got my best friend back." "It's ya own damn fault. Ooh, look." She pointed. The first of the fireworks were splattering the night sky. People down below cheered as Hercules kicked the Nemean Lion in the face. Leo bowed his head to examine the glow-in-the-dark hands on her watch. "Valdez, ya missin' it. Go Dad!" She whooped. Poseidon's image glittered across the sky, raising his trident. Leo felt his heart skip a bit, sure the god's eyes were on him. And then Zeus's sparkly picture appeared and they started slapping at each other. That display dissolved and the next scene whistled into the sky. The Argo II sprang to life, Festus billowing flames. Sparklers flared to life on the barge hosting the fireworks. "Hold on, that spells Lou." "Yeah, that was my idea." "You- that was my ship! And my dragon!" "Yes. I know. I asked them to do it." "Wh- really?" Leo grinned and hugged her tightly. "My ship in the fireworks display! That's so cool!" Louisa laughed, patting his arm. He caught another glimpse of her watch. Splashes of colour rippled across the glass as Medusa's head snarled at them, snakes unfurling and hissing. A few more monsters and heroes exploded in the night sky. Leo realised Louisa was shivering by this point. With a little concentration, he felt himself warm up. She sighed and he felt her shoulders relax under his arm. When centaurs galloped through the stars, firing arrows that exploded into a million sparkles. Some of these formed the number ten. "What?" Louisa puzzled. "New Year countdown." Leo said, suddenly very aware he was still hugging her. He should probably let go, he knew he should have let go when nine, eight and seven hit the skies, but his arms didn't want to, they weren't moving. Traitors. Six, five, four- Oh gods oh gods oh gods Three, two- Ohgodsohgodsohgodsohgods "One!" Louisa beamed. "Happ- mmph!" Dead ! Leo's mind screamed at him. Worth it, but dead ! DEAD ! What are you doing, stop kissing her, she's going to kill you ! Can't , a small voice replied, can't can't can't, don't want to . Leo only pulled away to breathe. Louisa's eyes were closed, computing this. Run , the sensible portion of his mind said, RUN WHILE YOU CAN ! No, don't run, this could be good. Good, yeah. OR DEATH. No, I'm feeling positive. NEGATIVE. DEATH, WE'RE GOING TO DIE, THIS IS IT, the sunflowers are squished, WE ARE DEAD. D-E-D, DEAD. Hasn't 'dead' got an 'a' in it? "Happy New Year, Lou." Leo croaked. "'Kay." She mumbled, eyes still shut. The jack-hammer-earthquake-hurricane feeling was back, making his stomach flip about too. He thought he was going to be sick, but he didn't want that to be the first thing she saw when- if?- she opened her eyes. No, when. They were open now. "Was that payback?" She asked. Leo blinked at her. "Is that 'cos I got ya with the mistletoe? Did ya get me with the New Year?" "Um… yeah. Yeah, payback. In your face." He bopped her gently on the nose with his finger. Music blasted out across the beach, demigods cheering and jumping up everywhere, ready for the party, celebrating the New Year. Leo didn't feel like partying. He felt like his New Year had gone sour already, it hadn't even been a minute and he had already messed it up. "Well…" She kissed his cheek. "I don't like losin'. Happy New Year, Valdez."