boy mi'lady?" She asked softly as to not startle the bundle in the goddess' arms. The embodiment of the moon gently rocked him. "I don't know, but we can't call him that, Zoë." She whispered back. She knew that this baby in her arms was no mere mortal. Something in her gut told her that, told her that a hidden power was locked away within this tiny fragile boy. His eyes seemed far to intelligent for a mortal baby as well. That same twisting, almost painful feeling that gave her her premonition also told her that he was important somehow, like she knew he need guidance in his early years. As she stared in to his black and slate grey eyes, so much like her own but so very different at the same time, she decided right then and there that she would protect him, raise him, and guide him on his path. It also helped that she would get the chance to raise a proper male. Not the vile vermin that littered the world today. To say Zoë was shocked would be a severe understatement. In all her years by Artemis' side, she had never heard the goddess suggest calling a boy by any other name rather than boy. Nor had she ever seem her act this was with any one. Not even the youngest hunter. Zoë stepped closer to the two and gazed over the woman's shoulder. Black eyes met a swirl of grey and black. The innocence in them halted her breath, the wonder that overflowed in them was astounding. It was like everything was more amazing the the last to him. She had never seen such awe of the world in a person before. An awe that only a person new to this world could hold. It made Zoë heart weigh in sadness at the thought of him losing such naivety to the truth of this world. Ignorance was truly a blessing in the world behind the mist. As Artemis stared at the wiggling bundle in her arms, a thought crossed her. What will she call him? How would her father take to the idea of her adopting a child? Or worse, how would her brother react? How would her girls react as well? These questions and many more flew through her mind. Closing her eyes, the goddess took a deep calming breath. One thing at a time, she chanted to herself over and over. She could deal with her family later, Percy was more important at the moment. Artemis's eyes snapped open before she gazed down at him. "Percy." She whispered. What happened next, completely took her by surprise. But looking back on it, she should have known what he would do. The baby smiled wide as he started to giggle loudly while squirming around, his chain jingling gently, almost as if he approved of her choice. To which a smile graced her lips. Zoë's lips turned up in a soft smile. Percy suited him just fine, but he would need a last name to get further in life. The immortal hunter voiced her thought, to which Artemis agreed before the two sat down on the edges of the stump. The hunters that had accompanied their lady saw what she was holding and rushed over in a instant, gushing about how cute he was. Well most were. The older, more mature hunters held back and stood next to their lieutenant. But the most seasoned hunter there, aside from Zoë, couldn't hep but smile a little. It was unfortunate for Zoë that the majority were daughters of Aphrodite and their high pitched squeals and giggles were granting on her already pounding headache. Zoë cleared her throat, "He still needs a last name mi'lady." Artemis looked up at her lieutenant, her eyes shining with mirth. "Jackson. My son, Percy Jackson..." She said softly as her gaze turned down wards just as a glowing silver hologram depicting a white stag appeared over his head. A sign that he was in fact, a son of Artemis as of now. Maybe not by blood but by choice. Even though blood may be thicker than water, sometimes blood runs thin over time. Even though the hologram made it official, Artemis felt that her one and only son deserve more. So she placed a palm over his forehead and closed her eyes. Whispering in the tongue of the gods, a chant that would forever alter him. A bright silver light spread from under her hand until it wrapped Percy in a cocoon of light. But soon, the light faded and reveled the same boy as before but different now that he had his mother's blessing. His midnight black hair, what little he had anyways, had grown streaks of platinum. The grey in his eyes lightened to a brighter tone. Those were just the visible affects. More gifts from his blessing would appear over time; like the enhanced speed gifted to the hunters, the improved night vision for hunting prey in the shadows also given to the hunters. As for the difference in his prowess in battle has yet to been seen. But unlike the hunters, he was not given just a maiden blessing, no, he was given the full blessing of Artemis. If the gut twisting feeling Artemis had was any indication, he would not need the boost she just gave. It was official, the worlds greatest hero had been claimed. And may the gods have mercy on the poor souls that dare trifle with his family... A/N: This was just a little something I had bouncing around in my head for quit some time now. Based on your reviews and thoughts, I might continue or just delete it. I already have the basic plot down so if you all like it, you won't have to wait long for chapter two. Now as for chapter fifteen for Love?, my beta is currently reviewing it so expected it late Saturday or early Sunday.