gave him her are-you-serious look. "Really? What do you guys even do?" Suddenly, she gasped dramatically and covered her mouth, eyes wide. "Oh my goddess of love and beauty, Will! " "What?" "He's only fourteen and you screwed him?! Ugh! You pedophile! Oh my goddesses!" "What?! I don't have sex with him!" Will defended. "Nico's not ready yet. And I'm only three years older than him. I don't think that makes me a pedophile." "Have either of you done it yet?" Kayla asked. "Nico said that a son of Hephaestus tried to rape him. I beat his sorry ass up." This was before they were together, but Will found that son of a jackass and Clarisse had to pull Will off of him so he wouldn't kill him. The son of Hephaestus was in the infirmary for a month. "Oh yeah..." Victoria said. "I remember that...Christian was freaking stupid for trying to do that. So how about you?" "No, but I had a lot of practice." Will grinned. "Did you just admit to masturbating?" Kayla asked. "Don't we all masturbate?" Austin asked. "I bet you do it while thinking of Nico, don't you Will. Ooh you dog!" Will chuckled and ate some of his chicken. He hadn't ever really had a conversation with his siblings. They had a nice, long debate on their favorite singers. Will and Kayla on one side, and Victoria and Austin on the other. Somehow, their conversation moved back to the sing-along. "So you have to come to the sing-along!" Kayla said. "You're the head counselor of our cabin." "And I bet Nico would love it." Austin said. "He does have an angelic voice. Goes with his name." "Yup, it's official," Victoria spoke up, "Will's coming. And he is going to not miss anymore of the sing-alongs. We'll tell Nico to make sure to make Will go. Kayla, commence operation Pandas Are Fluffy." "What?" He asked. Kayla squealed and marched off somewhere. "Where is she going?" He looked at Austin and Victoria, who were sort smiling as they ate. Austin shrugged. "I don't know." Victoria said, taking a sip from her goblet. About two minutes later, Kayla came back with a huge smile on her face and Will raised an eyebrow. He heard steps behind him and suddenly the son of Hades was on his back, wrapping his arms around Will's neck. "Hi," Nico greeted, kissing Will's cheek. Will stood up and Nico hopped on his back. Will placed his hands under Nico's thighs to keep him up. "Hey baby." "Why don't we ever go to the sing-along?" Nico asked. "'Cause," Will said, trailing off. "He wants his alone time with you." Austin said, earning a glare from his older brother. "You get that all the time." Nico said in his ear, making Will shiver. "Can we go, per favore ?" Damn it. He hated it when Nico spoke Italian. Well, not really. It just does stuff to him. "Fine." ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- Will was sitting on one of the benches while the rest of his cabin were leading the sing-along. Nico sat on his lap, singing along with everyone else. Will's arms were around the smaller demigod's waist, holding tight. Jason and Piper sat next to them with Piper laughing as Jason tried to sing. Will pulled Nico closer, putting chin in the curve of Nico's neck. He inhaled Nico's sweet scent. He wished he was in Nico's cabin. The things they would do... He closed his eyes and listened to Nico's sweet singing. His voice sounded so beautiful. After a few more songs, Nico laid his head on Will's hard chest. "Take him to his cabin," Piper suggested. "He looks tired." Will looked down and nodded. He hooked his arms under Nico's legs and stood, carrying the young boy without struggle. He started walking away, but not before he caught a dangerous look on Jason's face. Jason did the 'I'm watching you' gesture. Will rolled his eyes and walked towards the Hades Cabin. He opened the door and placed Nico on the bed. He took off Nico's shoes, socks, and jeans, then did the same to himself. He slid next to Nico and wrapped his arms around him from behind. When Will was half asleep, he felt Nico move. He didn't bother opening his eyes, he was probably going to the bathroom. Then he was turned on his back and he felt weight on his stomach. He opened his eyes and saw something he wish he hadn't. Nico was hovering over him, shirtless, he seemed to just be wearing his underwear. Will felt his own underwear get uncomfortably tight. "Nico?" "I want you." Nico said in a seductive voice. "Wh-what?" " Voglio te. " He said in his native tongue. "I want you. Now." That didn't help his case at all. He was fully hard right now. He was pretty sure Nico knew, too. Will grabbed Nico's hips. "Are you sure?" Nico nodded. "I've been waiting for you to ask. I got tired. I want you, Will. I need you." Will gulped. "When I start, I don't think I'll be able to stop. Are you sure." Nico kissed Will hard. "Yes." They broke off the kiss. Will said breathlessly, "You're mine . Only mine ." ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- Well that was long. And sort of weird. And sort of rushed. OH WELL! I'm posting it anyway. Hoped you liked! Aaawwwwww! I love nice, kind, innocent *COUGH* little OOC Nico. Imma write more of him. I said this on Red Riding Hood & The Huntsman, but I'm gonna say it again. Would anyone read a Frank/Nico oneshot? If you would, please review! I got a few yeses! Remember, windows are cannibals, journals drink horses, and Zeus is on crack! *thunder and lightning* SHUT UP! DAYUM! -Arsenal B.