He just looked back at them with a grim expression and shook his head. Even though he was sad about it, a small part of him was proud he could do something like this. Athena eyes widen when a thought hit her. "Father!" The goddess of wisdom shouted over the noise. Zeus nodded as they all flashed out. They knew what was happening but what they didn't know was what had caused it. They appeared outside their destination. And what they all saw made them gasp. All around them, destruction. Buildings were leveled, the roads were split and cracked. People were running amuck while hail stones the size of baseballs smashed into mortals heads. The gods looked to one another. The same question swirling between them. What could have caused this? Athena spotted a lone apartment building. Standing alone in the eye of the storm. With an unspoken agreement they all flashed into that place. When they came into the building, they all gasped once more. A figure was on his knees. A body laying in his lap. Poseidon froze. "...Sally." His voice was nothing but a whisper. Percy's head snapped up, his glowing eyes narrowing onto gods. They all took a step back. Except Poseidon. Whom just stared at his son and his fallen lover. Hades stepped forth. "Percy I'm sorry about your mother but I will make sure she is placed in E-" He was cut off by the bone chilling roar of the weeping hero. Percy throw his head back as winds whipped at the Olympians. They were thrown back against the walls of Sally's room. Zeus even used his godly strength to try and get close to Percy. But his attempt ended in failure. When the king of gods tried to move Percy growled deeply. The shaking of the earth intensified even more. Every god and goddess in that room had to hold back a gasp when they saw an awe inspiring aura lash out from Percy. Athena scanned the room and saw a lone person standing against the winds. It seemed she was unaffected by them. Athena called out to her. Telling her to calm Percy. Artemis POV I nodded to my sister. I turned to look back at the man unlike other men. The man I had come to respect. I took a step foreword. "Perseus!" I called. He stared straight at me. Starring me in the eye. I could see grief, sadness, and anger within his glowing green eyes. They were no longer the calm sea green that once held happiness. Now they were cold and emotionless. I had never seen someone so... so broken, so grief stricken. It broke my heart to see the hero of Olympus in so much pain. I started to creep closer. A growl rumbled deeply from his chest. I continued to stare into the tearful eyes of Percy. As I walked, I noticed that that strange feeling I felt earlier was spreading with my chest. But once again I brush it off as pity. I got within two feet of him when he finally stopped growling. I bent to eye level with him. "Please Percy. Calm down." My voice low and calm. I could feel the winds die down and the shaking stop. I smiled at him. But it faltered when he started to sob as he glanced down at Sally. On impulse, I pulled him into a tight embrace. I began to rub his back, whispering to him calming things. He wrapped his arms around me and sobbed into my shoulder. Burying his face into my hair. This surprised me. I have never done this to any one other than my hunters. But Percy was a special case. Poseidon rushed to his son's side at the same time as Hestia. Hestia and Percy had developed a close bond over the years. When I thought about it, a pang of something shot through my chest. Hades came forth, laying a hand on Percy's arm. "I am truly sorry about your lose Perseus. I will make sure she will rest peacefully in Elysian Fields." Hades gave a final squeeze to his arm and then disappeared in a flash of black wisp. Other gods said their dues and flashed out. Leaving Myself, Percy's father, Hestia, and Zeus. "There will be a council meeting. I want you there so we can discus this... Matter." Zeus's voice, for once in a long time, sounded sincere. He flashed out. "Im sorry Percy. When life gets over whelming, return to the hearth." She kissed his cheek, well the one that was showing from my hair. Poseidon bent down a lifted Sally's body from Percy's lap. A hand shot out and grasped the sea gods arm. Percy hadn't moved his head but muttered, "Please... please dad. Take... take care... of... her." Her managed to choke out between sobs. Not trusting his voice, Poseidon nodded and flashed out with the body of Sally. We stayed like that for about fifteen minutes. I held him in my arms and let him weep. After a while, he went limp. I went ridged. Fear shot through me as I pulled Percy away. Only to have relief flood me. Percy had cried himself to sleep. An smile grew on my lips as I watched him sleep. I would have mocked any man for crying like this. Called him weak but I couldn't blame him. No one could. To have walked in and see the body of your mother, dead on the floor. "I promise you that we will find who did this. And when we do, I will personally drag him to the fields of Punishment." My voice soft and kind. A voice I only use for my hunters. I swept hair from his eyes with a small smile on my lips. Well? How did I do? Please leave a review on how I did. And if any of y'all have a suggestion or question, please let me know.