not know what to do. They could teleport, but what about their sisters and daughters respectively? They couldn't just leave them. Thalia took up her shield Aegis with the horror-striking face of the Medusa on its surface, originally wielded by Athena and her spear, οικογένεια(Family). Artemis drew her twin hunting knives. The drakon slightly faltered in its momentum but quickly regained it. As they were about to be hit by the drakon's momentum, the two goddesses twirled around out of its away. Artemis tried to cut its strong hide with the twin knives but they did not have the power of a sword or a spear. Thalia was more successful in piercing her hide. The dragon gave off a loud roar and whipped her tail towards them. The goddesses tried to move away from its trajectory, but they were dizzy and the tail cut across their cheeks and hands. They felt a numbing sensation from the parts from where the tail had struck. Artemis soon found the reason for the unconsciousness of her strong and brave hunters, with just a minor wound. The tail is poisoned and destroys the mobility of the part struck by the tail. Artemis could not get up to prevent the disaster happening before her. The drakon had once again changed into woman and had begun choking Andy. Artemis tried to raise her voice to stop her, but could not open her mouth to say anything and her hands were completly useless. Andy had first been unconscious after her fight. After she regained her consciousness, she saw Lady Artemis and Lady Thalia fighting off the drakon. She was relieved, then. Surely, two goddesses could restrain the drakon, right? But she has never been more wrong. It was seen plainly to anyone that the drakon did not want to hurt the goddesses. She simply wanted them out of action. When she approached her in her human form after paralyzing the goddesses, Andy was afraid of death for the first time. She had been the reason for her sisters' and mistresses' pain and distress. If she had already accepted her punishment, she could have saved them from being hurt. She decided to accept her fate. Looks like she won't be killing her mother's murderer, Andy thought to herself wryly. When Andy was raised from the ground, she felt that she needed to apologize. "I am sorry about killing your family. I am begging you not to kill mine as it was I who brought upon the demise of your family, not them. I am willing to die, if it gives you any satisfaction. Please don't kill my sisters. I beg of you." "Perhaps, I was wrong about you, girl. You do know humility. You just have prejudice. Know this as the last piece of advice you will ever get in this life-do not think you know people based on another's story. Know them for yourself and only then judge. I had made mistakes like that myself. As touched as I am about your apology, I cannot prevent what I promised to my husband. Good bye, daughter of Poseidon. May you get Elysium." Andromeda then closed her eyes, not wanting to see the claws on the drakon's hand that will rip open her heart. Artemis and Thalia however had no choice but to watch as the drakon's hand changed into claws. Artemis wanted to cry or at least tear her eyes away from the gory scene that is about to happen. Then suddenly, a voice broke out, " Elianor ". The drakon, now identified as Elianor whipped her head around looking for the source. Artemis also turned her head to seek out the voice that had so much effect on a distraught woman. There stood in the shadows a man, easily seven foot tall but nothing else was seen. Elianor immediately bowed, " Milord. Don't try to stop me, milord. I have to kill my family's murderer." Elianor then retracted her claws, the voice resonated through the clearing, coldly, " Stop ." When she was about to claw Andy, the voice once again called out, "It was not a request, Elianor." " But, milord, it is justice. A life for a life. She-" " Enough. I cannot let you kill the girl. I made a promise to the girl's mother. I will speak to Lord Tartarus about Rowan and Friendriel. I will give them back to you tomorrow to atone for the girl's mistake. After all, life is better than revenge, right? And also, do not call me milord. I prefer my name." Artemis was trying to source together the voice and the man. The voice was a deep one that brought chills down her spine. It was a very cold one, like the owner didn't care if he had to kill anyone. The voice had no mercy, no warmth. Artemis tried to piece together the man to whom the voice belonged. But all that could be seen was his outline. She could not see his face as he is still in the forest. For the drakon to call the man Lord meant very few people. Also, they were conversing in the tongue of monsters which was understood by Artemis only because of her domain –the Wild. But when the man asked to be called by his name, Artemis was sure of who he was. The intense sea-green eyes through the shadows of the face confirmed his identity. "Very well... Perseus." Artemis growled in mind, "Jackson." In the space between void and matter In the empty space, there stood a man, completely hidden by the surrounding darkness. Nothing about his features could be seen. He is looking towards the space where a black hole is depositing something-a black mass of matter. "Soon, Father. You will rise." The man mutters. "Soon, dear sister. We will play, Chaos and your creations would be annihilated." The voice seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at the same time. "Soon, Chaos , soon."