Being right handed, I climbed towards the right side and laid down. The bed was absolutely Elysium for me. Considering not being in a bed for four years, I barely remembered what It was like to be in a real, comfortable bed. But it would be even more for Luke and Thalia, who've been running longer than me. Xavier climbed in from the left side, and moved the covers comfortably. "Does it suit your taste?" Xavier asked politely, like always. "Yes, thank you!" I spread my arms around the bed. "It's been forever since I've been in an actual bed." He gave me his charming smile. "Good night, Annabeth." "Good night, Xavier." We both turned around to the outer side of the bed, and dozed off to sleep. We were running for our lives. It had been 6 months traveling with Xavier, and we were so close to the entrance I could make out some of the words on the arch, "Camp Half-Blood". I'm dyslexic, so it was kind of weird looking at text normally. My dyslexia keeps me from reading actual text, I can only read in Ancient Greek. (You know that, too) We were running seriously fast with our armor on, just in case we get attacked by the Cyclopes right behind us. Thank the gods that the armor was lightweight, or else the spikes would've killed me. But that wasn't enough. Suddenly, Thalia stopped and retracted her shield and spear. "Go! I can hold them off!" "No, Thalia, you'll die!" Luke shouted. Xavier, being the Supreme Lord, ran as fast as light and pulled Thalia away, but Thalia stayed. "Come on, Thalia, let's go!" "No! I can let you guys go!" "Thalia, stop being so stubborn and let's go!" The giants were getting closer and closer as Xavier was trying to pull Thalia out of the way, but she remained. Then in a flash of red, the Cyclopes threw Thalia over our heads and we rushed to her side. But Xavier stayed in front of the Cyclopes, some how fending them off. Xavier rised into the air, with eyes as white as his was light circling around the Cyclopes, putting them into some kind of trance, and then the red, where the light turned into spikes of celestial bronze, piercing the skin. They crumbled to dust and Xavier came down and rushed to Thalia's side. She was breathing real hard, and we feared she wouldn't make it. Xavier shushed her, and gave her what looked like a kiss, but he was just whispering into her ear. He put a hand on Thalia's heart, and it glowed a faint red. He picked up a nearby pinecone, broke it in half, and removed a seed. Removing his hand from the top of Thalia's heart, there was a ball of light and he put that light into the seed, and planting it right near the arch. "Thalia Grace, daughter of Zeus is not dead, but now living as a tree. And this tree shall make a barrier, forbidding any threats to come in, and keep every creature in Camp Half-Blood safe from any harm." The tree sprouted out immediately as a pine, and a blue shield around the camp, and we rushed in quickly before any other monsters came, so we didn't take any chances. And that was the dark days. "Everybody up!" I woke up with a start. The cabin leader woke us up with a morning drill, and she came up to me. "This is from Chiron. He needs to see you in his office immediately." Okay, then? I got ready as fast as I could and arrived at his office in the Big House. "Annabeth," Chiron said, in a hurry. "We must get to the entrance, the one's here!" He clopped toward the doorway and galloped toward the entrance. And I ran as fast as my little 11 year old legs could carry me. I saw Grover, Xavier, and a guy that had fallen on the ground. He knocked down pretty good, and still conscious. "He's the one. He must be." I was referencing to the child of the prophecy. He looked like the one. He's the one who can let me finally go on a quest. "Silence, Annabeth," Chiron said. "He's still conscious. Bring him inside." It was an hour after he passed out. I snuck into the infirmary, where the nymphs and Apollo kids cared for the wounded warriors. I grabbed a bowl of pudding and a spoon and sat down next to the passed out guy. He was drooling like crazy. So I took the spoon, and smirked and scraped drool every time a droplet came down his chin. Once I saw his eyes fully open, I suddenly asked, "What will happen at the summer solstice?" He managed to croak, "What?" I looked around, seeing if someone would overhear. "What's going on? What was stolen? We've only got a few weeks!" "I'm sorry," He mumbled. "I don't..." Someone came in the room, and I stuffed his mouth with pudding. It was Xavier, and I ran towards him and got a hug. "Hey, Annabeth," He said, kissing my cheek. That was okay, since we were like brother and sister. But still, I had feelings for him. And I blushed every time. I was 11, and he was 13. It's alright. He's not too old. He stroked my curly blonde hair, and ran his fingers through it as well. "Still trying to get it out of him?" "Yeah," I responded. "But he says he doesn't know." Xavier looked deep into my stormy gray eyes. And I returned the favor to his dreamy, dark brown eyes. "He doesn't know, Annabeth. Don't rush it." "Are you sure?" I asked desperately. "I would never lie to you." I smiled at him. "Yeah, I know. Now let's go train." He held out his arm and I took it willingly. We walked out the doors and into the sword fighting arena.