remark." Fredrick nodded. He smiled at Louisa and took the potatoes. "I've heard there hasn't been a daughter of Poseidon for a while. What's that like?" "Well, it's like bein' a son of Poseidon, except… you're a girl. 'N' ya get all the joys of bein' a girl." "Mm, interesting. Why don't you have a Christmas jumper?" "Now there's a fun story." Jessica pitched, leaning forward in her seat to shot her daughter a pointed look. "Lou, why don't you have a jumper?" "It caught fire." "No, no. Before that." Jessica prompted. Louisa made a face. "It went through a tree shredder. 'N' then got run over by a truck. 'N' then it caught fire, so I put it at the bottom of the ocean where the kelp got it." "Naturally." Tara shook her head. "How'd it go through a tree shredder?" "I was tryin' to catch a duck." "I'm not even going to ask." "I will." Fredrick looked eagerly at Louisa. "Why were you trying to catch a duck? Can you talk to ducks? I know they're not technically sea birds, but they are water fowl. Can you talk to sea gulls? What about pelicans? Hey, why did the pelican get kicked out of the restaurant?" "Dad, no-" "He had a huge bill!" He cracked up at his own joke. Percy laughed too- he always found Mr. Chase's laugh rather infectious- but Louisa was shooting Annabeth 'mayday, mayday!' looks. "Anyway, great food as always, Sally. And, um, I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name?" "Jessica." "Jessica! Wonderful food the pair of you!" "Are you always like this?" Louisa quizzed. "No. Sometimes I'm asleep." Fred smiled. Louisa hummed, considering heavy sedation of this man until the New Year. She watched him from the corner of her eye, trying to eat her food with Tyson's elbow constantly jabbing her ribs. The big guy couldn't help it, he always got over-enthusiastic for Sally's cooking, especially Christmas cooking. Looking round the table now, Louisa felt her head spinning. Christmas had always been her and Jessica and, the last couple of years, Lizzie- Jessica's other daughter. Speaking of, where was she? Louisa was about ninety-five percent sure Lizzie had been invited. She hadn't met Percy yet and was eager to meet him and his family. Gods knew what she would make of the Chases and Tyson. Bobby and Matthew were swiping carrots and slices of meat from each other's plates. Grover was content with his seasoned tin cans- Percy's idea- and vegetables. Fredrick was babbling away again, his wife was nodding along without actually listening. Sally and Paul were sitting side-by-side, talking quietly and giggling. Jessica was talking to Annabeth, waving a potato on the end of her fork about to illustrate her point. Percy was helping himself to more food. "Mom?" Louisa called. "Which one?" Jessica and Sally replied. "Uh, both, I guess. Where's Lizzie at?" "Oh." Jessica hurriedly checked her phone. "I forgot to turn my phone back on, bear with me." "You are not bear." Tyson said, gravy and peas dripping down his chin. Louisa handed him a napkin. "You are sister." "No, not that kind of bear, bro." "Polar bear? Grizzly bear? Panda bear? Ooh, koala bear!" He beamed at her. "Red panda bear? Teddy bear? Honey bear?" "Just bear." "That is not fun." "Sorry, bro." "Lizzie is on route, she's just being pulled out of a snowdrift. Don't laugh, Lou!" "Her drivin' is worse than mine!" "At least she has her licence." Jessica retorted haughtily, sticking her tongue out a second later. Louisa flicked a potato her way. Tyson gaped. "You will be on Santa's Naughty List!" "Uh, Ty, Santa ain't-" Louisa caught sight of Percy vividly shaking his head, eyes wide with warning. Annabeth was cutting at her throat with her hand and Grover was waving his frantically. Sally put a finger to her lips. "What about Santa?" "Santa ain't… uh, he ain't very impressed with me. I've been on the, um… on the Naughty List for a while." "How long is a while?" "Um, forever?" Louisa hunched her shoulders. Tyson gasped in horror. "I know. I disgust myself." "You are nice sister!" Tyson protested. "I will talk to Santa and he shall put you on Nice List and bring you a nice present! I wrote to him, you know. I write to him all the time. I ask for a big stick and lots of peanut butter, but I will ask for you to be on Nice List now! Can we stay up to see Santa?" He asked eagerly. "Yeah, sure." Percy agreed. "I will give him mince pies myself!" "He'd love that." Sally smiled warmly. "Considering Jessica hasn't eaten them all." "I ate some , Sally, some. Let it go." "Oh, it'll go. Right to your hips." "Christmas is a time for eating ridiculous amounts of food and getting fat. If I want to pig myself on mince pies, I will pig myself on mince pies." "I'm not sure if you've spent too much time around Louisa or she's spent too much time around you." Sally raised a brow. Jessica and Louisa considered each other for a moment. "Both." They decided. "Probably both." "Leave the pies for Santa please!" Tyson requested innocently. "Alright, alright. He can have one. Emphasis on one ." "No, Santa needs lots of mince pies! He has a busy night!" "Fine. Two. And a half. That's all he's having, Ty. They're my mince pies." "I shall give him Christmas pudding too." Tyson nodded. "Santa is fat anyway. He won't mind if it goes to his hips." Just something for Christmas, I really can't make this one go anywhere. A reminder now, I will be away until Monday next week, but probably won't update until Tuesday. I will try and get some chapters down or at least something that makes relative sense. I've kind of lost my enthusiasm for writing D: Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year to you all! ^_^