Andy said, sitting next to him. The majority of demigods gave him a look of sympathy at Andy's coddling, yet knew better than to interfere. He just suffered through quietly after giving Andy a hard look and getting a slight nod of acceptance in return. Then another note appeared in front of Zeus. Resigned, he cleared his throat and read. You may commence introductions now. Let's dispense with the laundry list of titles and accomplishments. Gods just say your name and domains, demigods your godly parent and positions in your camps etc., and others the basics. We'll explain the situation after. -Apollo and Hermes of the future Zeus, crumbled the note, before gesturing for the gods to stand, proceeding to begin the introductions. "Zeus, King of Olympus, and God of the sky, weather, air, lightning, honor and justice." "Hera, Queen of Olympus, and Goddess of familial love, marriage, motherhood, and women." "Demeter, Goddess of harvest and agriculture." "Aphrodite, Goddess of beauty, love, lust, desire, sexuality, and pleasure." "Athena, Goddess of wisdom, handicrafts, useful arts, and battle strategy." "Artemis, Goddess of the moon, hunt, chastity, animals, and the wilderness." Then the gods on the other side of Zeus began introducing themselves. "Poseidon, Lord of the seas, and God of destruction, earthquakes, horses, hurricanes, oceans, seas, droughts, floods and storms." "Amphitrite, Queen of the seas, and Goddess of fish, dolphins, and seals." "Hades, Lord of the Underworld, and God of the dead, the Underworld, and wealth." "Persephone, Queen of the Underworld, and Goddess of springtime, flowers, fertility, and young life." "Hephaestus, God of forges, fire, technology, craftsmen, sculptors, volcanoes, and blacksmiths." "Ares, God of war." "Apollo, God of the sun, light, healing, music, poetry, archery, reason and prophecy." "Hermes, God of roads, messengers, commerce, travel, thieves, merchants, athletes, and mail deliverers." "Dionysus, Director of Camp Half-Blood, and God of grape-harvest, wine, madness, parties, ecstasy, and theater." "Hestia, Goddess of hearth, home, the right ordering of domesticity, and family. Now that all the gods have gone, maybe the others would like to introduce themselves?" The demigods, mortals, and satyr exchanged a look and stood, automatically separating with children of the big three on the end of the circle, and Romans separate from Greeks. "Hylla Ramírez-Arellano, daughter of Bellona and Queen of the Amazons." "Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, daughter of Bellona and Praetor of the 12th Legion." "Octavian, legacy of Apollo, Augur and Centurion of the First Cohort of the 12th Legion." "Frank Zhang, son of Mars and legacy of Poseidon, Praetor of the 12th Legion." Andy, Reyna, and Jason look at him in shock. "Paul Blofis, mortal." "Sally Jackson, clear-sighted mortal." "Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Oracle of Delphi." "Yes!" "Shut-up!" "Grover Underwood, satyr, Lord of the Wild." Several of the gods examine him curiously. "Clarisse La Rue, daughter of Ares and head counselor for Ares Cabin." "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena, Architect of Olympus, and head counselor for Athena Cabin" The gods all send her a startled look—why does Olympus need an architect? "Leo Valdez, son of Hephaestus and head counselor for Hephaestus Cabin." "Piper Mclean, daughter of Aphrodite and head counselor for Aphrodite Cabin." "The rest of the introductions are going to be rather controversial, however I ask that you don't jump to conclusions, as circumstances in the future are different," Annabeth announced before the next introduction could begin. After receiving reluctant nods, they resume introductions. "Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto, member of the 5th cohort of the 12th Legion." There was much gritting of teeth among the gods, and a few glares cast towards Hades' flickering form, however for now no-one said anything. "Jason Grace, son of Jupiter, Praetor of the 12th Legion and head counselor for Zeus Cabin." The gods all flicker and seem startled; this brings them up to 3 Praetor's. Those whose children had claimed the title began to worry, wondering which one would die. "Thalia Grace—but I will hurt anyone who uses my last name; it's just Thalia, daughter of Zeus, and Lieutenant of Artemis." "Nico Di Angelo, son of Hades, head counselor for Hades Cabin, and Ambassador of Pluto." The gods were beginning to become worried at the mix of Roman and Greek titles some of the children of the big three were carrying. Was this what would lead to Olympus's downfall? "Andromeda Jackson—but if any of you call me that there will be problems, it's Andy; daughter of Poseidon and legacy of Venus, head counselor for Poseidon Cabin, and Praetor of the 12th Legion." Before any questions could be asked, a note once more appeared—this time to Andy who grabbed it and began reading aloud; luckily it was written in Ancient Greek. So now that we are all introduced, we can get to business. But I guess we should explain how this situation arose first. You see… The Fates keep written copies of all great events: past, present, and future written down in the views of all those who experienced these events. Well, Hermes and I were curious, so we decided to try and read them; and then we had the great idea to send them back in time to see how everyone would react! But we got caught, and the Fates were really angry, but we'd already started the process of sending things back in time, so the Fates well… changed the plan. They made sure certain gods were there and sent all the future people back to read the transcripts together… and they changed the transcripts to include certain things that they didn't originally… But, as punishment for knowing the future, whatever happens to everyone here in the books will actually happen again… as soon as it's gone in the books however; it will be gone here too… Sorry! But it's out of our hands. We're working on a form of compensation, but… Good reading. -Apollo and Hermes Then the note was gone, and in its place was a book. Author's Note: Thank-you for reading, I hope you enjoyed. Let me know what you think.