what she was saying. "That girl is so desperate," she commented to Thalia and Piper. "I mean, what is she even doing?" Thalia muttered something under her breath that Annabeth couldn't hear. Piper ignored her and said, "I heard that Celeste and her friends made a bet. Celeste is trying to get Percy to ask her out before homecoming." Annabeth snorted. That was a hopeless cause. Percy Jackson didn't date. He didn't seem to do anything, really. He was the school loner, the outcast. He didn't have one friend that she knew of. He was in a few of her classes, but he didn't look like he did any of the work. He barely uttered a word, even when she would try to have a conversation with him. He seemed to be a bad boy, or at least appeared to be one. He would come to school with bruises every now and then. His nose was crooked, like it had been broken many times. None of the guys liked him, but he was ever popular with the girls. Maybe it was his mysterious aura or maybe it was just because he was attractive, but whatever it was, girls crushed on him like no other guy at school. And he was pretty good-looking. He had black, unruly hair that stood up at odd angles. He was constantly running his hands through it, which really didn't help its messiness. He was super tall at 6'3 and had beautiful sea green eyes. He had ridiculously long and dark eyelashes and full lips. But he always wore zip-up hoodies with the hood up and old, ripped jeans. Annabeth always tended to veer towards the guys who were smart and clean cut. She wanted a guy who was sure of himself and where he's headed in life. Percy didn't seem like that type of guy. "Celeste should just give up already," Annabeth commented with a small, amused smile. "No one is ever going to get anywhere with him." Piper laughed and elbowed her. "I bet you could," she teased. "Oh, not you too." "I'm being serious. Nobody but you could get anywhere with him. You could get anywhere with anybody." Annabeth felt her cheeks heat up. "Okay, I'm going to class now," she said as the warning bell rang. She brushed past Thalia and Piper, who were both laughing at her blushing cheeks. She walked swiftly down the halls to her Government classroom, taking her normal seat in the front. She smiled and greeted a couple of her classmates who sat up front with her. She opened her notebook, dating the page and preparing to take notes. She pulled out her homework and glanced up when Percy Jackson entered the room, taking his usual seat in the back. She pretended not to notice him for a couple minutes, but found herself turning around and glancing at him. She remembered her earlier conversation with her friends. What they said wasn't true whatsoever. She'd known Percy since middle school. She used to talk to him every now and then, but even then he gave her short, one-word answers. Eventually, she gave up. No one was ever going to get through to him. As if sensing her gaze, his eyes lifted and met hers. Annabeth found herself unable to pull away for a couple seconds, even as her body temperature rose with embarrassment at being caught staring. Finally, after what seemed like two years rather than two seconds, she broke their staring contest and turned around. Her teacher, Mr. Brunner, was coming up to start the day. After taking attendance and picking up everyone's homework, Mr. Brunner started talking about a new project they would be starting. "You'll be working in partners," he said. Immediately, whispers rose around the room as students started claiming partners. Annabeth grinned when Mr. Brunner continued, "And don't start choosing partners because I've already chosen them." Groans around the room. Mr. Brunner grinned, but ignored them. "Your assignment is to create a country and a system of government for that country. You can choose one we learned about or make one up yourself. On this paper I'm about to pass out, you'll find the requirements for this assignment. It's due in a couple of months. Now, without further ado, I'll announce your partners." He started listing names and there were groans and high-fives around the room a people found out who they would be working with. Annabeth sat on the edge of her seat, waiting for her name to be called. "Amy and Josh. Peyton and Audrey. Percy and Annabeth." He continued, but Annabeth's cheeks colored when she heard who her partner was. She slowly turned around to find Percy staring at her. She gave a small smile, which he didn't return. He looked back down at his desk. Annabeth sighed and pulled on one of her curls. This project was proving very difficult for her already. So, I know I probably shouldn't be starting another story since I still haven't finished my other one, but I just couldn't help it. I really like this idea. I have a lot of ideas for it and you know how you just get an idea for a story and then that idea just sorta consumes your soul for a while until you finally write it down? Yeah, that's what happened with this story. But I promise, I'll finish my other story, The Most Important Sacrifices. And since I have to finish that, I probably won't update this story as much. Don't expect regular updates. I do feel like I have to warn you all. This story does contain some dark themes and there might be some triggers in later chapters. Please leave a review! "Do you want to stand out? Then step down. Be a servant. If you puff yourself up, you'll get the wind knocked out of you. But if you're content to simply be yourself, your life will count for plenty." Matthew 23:11-12