on the couch, while she just sat in a nearby chair. I was the one to break the silence and said, "So what happened to Cailan?" "Oh she's fine, my friend Matthew's showing her around camp," "Isn't anyone going to send a cop up here, I mean I helped murder a guy?" "Oh no, the mist protects us from that," "The what?" "Don't worry about it, are you ready to go on the camp tour?" "Uh sure, but I got stabbed, don't I need time for my stitches to heal or something?" "Again, I'll explain everything to you during your tour, now come on!" With that she yanked me off the couch and she showed me around, and as she promised, explained everything. "All the stories about the Greek myths are true, and sometimes those gods have children with regular mortals, and we're created, your a demigod." "Ok, that explains something my main insident from yesterday, so do you know who my godly parent is? Can you test my blood or something?" "No we can't, back a few years ago, there was no way of knowing, except for your abilities, and your personality, but last year tere was a war, with a son of Poseidon leading. The gods offered him immortality, and he refused, but in exchange he wanted the gods to claim their children. So since then, usually during the camp fires, any new camper should be claimed. To be honest, some people actually bet on who the new campers kids are." She then pointed to a group of campers who we're staring at me and exchanging golden coins. "So who do you think I'm a child of?" I asked with curiosity "I'm going to guess, Ares the god of war. You were pretty fierce against that cyclops yesterday." "Ok, then who's your godly parent?" "Oh, I already told you earlier, I'm the daughter of Artemis," "Um, I now enough about the gods to now that she's a virgin goddess, she doesn't have any children," Hannah then sighed. It seemed that this was a question she was asked quite a bit. "It's true that Artemis is a maiden goddess, but there are others way that the gods can *cough* have children with mortals. So far, I am a unique case, but the gods can potentially pour some of their golden ichor into a special chalice, from which a pregnant mother will drink. My mother drank from that chalice while she was pregnant with me, so yes, I do have two mortal parents as well as a godly parent. It doesn't make me any less of a demigod, because the ichor overpowered other things in my system, thus taking up a full half of my genetic code." She answered as if it was rehearsed. "Last question, what's a university student doing talking to a 13 yr old, when yet should be studying ur next semester?" With that she laughed pretty hard, and I gave her a very confused expression. "Your the first to actually say that, I'm 13 just like you!" My cheeks then turned crimson red. Just then two people came up to us, one was a guy who looked like he was in high school, he had black hair that look extremely messy, and eyes as green as the sea, the other was a girl, with blonde hair and grey eyes, this girl immediately gave me scary vibes. "Hey Annabeth hey Percy, did, you two just get here?" "Ya, we would've been here sooner if, this seaweed brain would've actually studied, then I wouldn't have had to wait for 2h before he came out." Said the girl who I guessed was Annabeth. "Hey how are you?" {Seaweed brain} asked. I was about to answer, but then Hannah answered for me. "This is Ethan, he's a new camper who got here yesterday with another new camper, she should be finishing up her tour now," "Cool, hey I heard you crippled a cyclops" he facing me "Uh ya, but I didn't finish him off, I got knocked out, I don't actually know if who killed him" I replied "That would be me" said Hannah "That's awsome Hannah! Hey how about you go relax, tell Chiron me and Annabeth will show him around and explain the rest" "Ok, I'll see you guys at the campfire" with that Hannah ran off. Cailan's POV So far, I've seen pegasuses, one eyed killers, goat people and I still think I'm either dead, or in the looney bin. I was apparently being shown around a camp for people like me, by a guy named Matthew, he was about my height and age, and looked pretty similar to Ethan, except Ethan had spikier hair, and a slight tan. "So until your godly parent claims you, you'll be staying here, the Hermes Cabin" we both walked into the cabin, and found the cabin filled with mostly boys. "Is this one if ours, or is she unclaimed?" A guy probably 15 asked "Don't know, probably not one of yours she hasn't stolen anything yet. Just don't steal her stuff, until afters she's been claimed." Then Matthew walked out. I was sitting there talking to the Hermes kids, and try we're all pretty nice. I learned more about the camps history, and some good leverage against most of the cabins. I was starting to really hope I was a daughter of Hermes. Before I knew it, it was time for the camp fire. While walking to the camp fire I saw the Aphrodite kids spraying themselves down in big spray, when I asked what was wrong with them, a son of Hermes Connor said that they didn't want to ruin their "perfect skin" with mosquito bites. I spotted Ethan sitting next to a kid in an aviator jacket, and black sword at his belt. It was weird because everyone kept looking at over my head. A girl with long brown hair, and hazel eyes sat down next to me.