"Of what?" "Noticed anything weird about Lou?" "Aside from the fact that she can eat for America, has an attitude the size of Russia with a violent streak and a temper to match all of which is confined in that short as hell body? No, not really. Why?" Annabeth started to speak when the door burst open and Louisa ran past, hand over her mouth. "Hold that thought." Annabeth said, running after her sister-in-law. Louisa disappeared into the toilets. By the time Annabeth got there, she was locked in a cubicle, bringing up pretty much everything she had consumed. "Lou?" Annabeth knocked on the stall door. "You OK?" "Peachy." Louisa groaned. "I told you that you had too much cake." Annabeth tapped her finger on the door. Louisa got caught under another bout of sickness, her brash response going with it. "Not cake." "Oh?" "Think I'm comin' down with somethin'." The loo roll rattled in its canister. The toilet flushed a second later. "Maybe you should go back to your room and rest." Annabeth suggested. She stood back, waiting for Louisa to come out. When she didn't, she bounced her knuckles on the door again. "Sorted?" "No. What'd ya want?" "I can't check up on my husband's sister now?" "No. Go away." The door behind Annabeth opened and in came Piper. "Hey, I saw Lou run out. Everything OK?" The bathroom door hadn't even shut and Hazel was there too, holding the skirts of her dress carefully. "Lou?" They heard Louisa grumble obscenities. "Could ya'll just fuck off?" "Lou, we're trying to help." Annabeth replied heatedly. "Well, ya ain't helpin'. Go away ." "Fine." Annabeth snapped, jerking her head at the other two. She let them leave, whipping out her Yankees cap. Piper and Hazel pretended to talk to her as they went down the hall. Annabeth stood in the corner, not daring to breathe. Louisa stayed where she was for almost five minutes. Annabeth's ADHD sighed in relief when the lock clicked. Louisa had taken her tights off and booted them across the floor, muttering angrily to herself. She washed her hands at the sink, splashed cold water on her face and rinsed her mouth out a few times. Annabeth scrutinised her carefully. Louisa glared at her reflection, swore some more. The plumbing started to rattle, so she took her hands off the basin. Someone knocked. "It's me!" Leo called. He cracked the door open a fraction, standing the wrong side for Annabeth to see him. "You OK?" One of the taps exploded, a jet-stream of water slapping into the ceiling above. "Ah." "Stop it." Louisa fumed at the eruption. The water shut off just as quickly, but the pipes were shaking like leaves on a windy day. This only annoyed Louisa more, Annabeth could see her jaw working irritably. "Lou." Leo's voice was reasonable, calming. "Lou, don't. It's New Rome. You know how sensitive these guys get about their stuff." He pushed the door open further, still not coming in. "What can I do?" "I want my clothes." "Give me two minutes. I'll get them. Just don't flood San Francisco while I'm gone, OK, chica?" If Annabeth was a cartoon, her jaw would have hit the floor. Leo ran off. The door swung shut. Louisa had let him go- alive, unhurt, with all his skin and organs intact, not buried alive- and there was no way she could mishear 'chica'. She was even smiling at it, although the smile faded with Leo's footsteps. Her feet moved almost of their own accord, bare feet sliding over the laminated flooring as she began pacing restlessly, one hand on the small of her back. Annabeth wanted to have it out with Louisa there and then, but she wanted to know more, would know more on Leo's return. Her curiosity won out, but the wait was agonising. Louisa's agitation grew, filling a sink to play with the water. It occupied her, albeit half-heartedly. Annabeth started chewing her lip, a hollow feeling twisting into her gut. Louisa stood straight for the first time that afternoon, wearing her cardigan as she should, rather than pulling it round herself. At first, Annabeth had thought Louisa had been trying to hide the fact she was wearing a dress. She couldn't have been more wrong. It was something else altogether. Leo knocked, budging the door with his hip to squeeze Louisa's normal clothing in. Louisa didn't even bother using a cubicle, shedding the top article and tossing it aside. She even asked Leo to unzip her. Annabeth felt a tad uncomfortable, face warming. The pair in front of her moved so easily together, parrying insults, completely unfazed as Louisa kicked the dress to one side. Annabeth's hunch was being confirmed right now, verified more so when Leo cursed Louisa in Spanish. This was closely followed by, "You always play dirty." Louisa stuck her tongue out, slipping her T-shirt over her head. "Ya shouldn't be watchin' me then." "I'm entitled." Leo blew a raspberry. Louisa copied, hopping about to pull on her regular tracksuit bottoms. "I brought socks." Leo bounced them off her head. "Funny." Louisa remarked. "I hope ya kept my food safe." "In my room." Leo confirmed. "You can get it later." He pushed the door wider open to let her out. Annabeth hurried after them, slipping out before the door shut. The pair were walking down the corridor. Annabeth had seen them side by side thousands of times. Never had she seen Leo with his arm around her shoulders and Louisa's arm around his waist. She could hear Louisa laughing and they started quarrelling again about something, to which Leo cracked first, cackling. Louisa stopped in her tracks, free hand going to her stomach. A moment passed and then she reached for Leo's hand. Leo hopped from foot to foot eagerly, flames dancing in his hair. And then he did something that dealt the final piece of evidence. He kissed Louisa. And she let him.