fault, I guess…" He caught Nico's eye again. "Well, my fault entirely. It's OK to be a kid, Nico. While you still can. You don't have to be carrying this… this burden around with you." Nico was ready to shout at Percy when he noticed something. There was a look in Percy's eyes. It was there, amongst the devastation, the guilt and the grief. It was fear. Why was Percy scared? He was Percy flipping Jackson for crying out loud! But then Nico realised why. Percy wasn't scared for himself- he never was and never will be. He was scared for Nico. The son of Poseidon hesitatingly started talking again, unnerved slightly by his cousin's dark stare. "You have every right to be mad at me, hate me. Just… don't run away. Please." There it was again. That brotherly concern. He had been more concerned with Nico since returning from Tartarus, but it wasn't with the interest Nico had for him. Not that Percy knew. "No more running." Nico mumbled weakly, his voice hoarse. He wasn't sure what made him agree, but it felt… right. Percy relaxed slightly and gave a relieved smile. Then he proceeded into dangerous waters. He wrapped Nico in a brotherly hug. Nico hated physical contact and he felt heat rise in his cheeks, unsure how to respond. He saw a flicker of movement past Percy and Louisa shot him a reassuring, slightly cheeky grin. She held her arms out in front of her, clearly motioning for him to return the hug. Nico glared at her, but her smile only brightened and she was gone. Nico followed her advice anyway, curling his fingers in the back of Percy's hoodie and hiding his face in his shoulder, mumbling a single word: Sorry "Was there really any point in that?" "There's a point in everythin' I do." "Considering somebody gets hurt." "Oh, ya ain't dyin'. Shut up." She smiled, readying herself with a second pillow. Leo picked up the one she had thrown at him and grinned. "This is war, Lou." "Bring it." They had a full-out pillow fight for ten minutes before she tackled him, disarmed him of his pillow and smacked him continuously with both. Leo pushed her off and ran out of the room, laughing with her on his tail. He ran past Calypso, who seemed a bit shocked at first but saw Louisa with the pillows and then laughed. Leo made it to the control room, where Coach Hedge was driving and humming his version of the Pokémon theme song again. "What are you doing in here, cupcake?" "Um, crazy demigod that wants to kill me." "Oh, nothing new then." The satyr went back to steering the ship. "Leo, where'd ya go?" Leo kept quiet. Coach Hedge smiled. "He's in here, cupcake!" "Coach!" Leo protested. Louisa ran in and chucked a pillow at him. Leo ducked but was only tackled again, being beaten up with the other pillow. "Say it!" Louisa grinned menacingly. "Never." Louisa reached out with her free hand and pressed two fingers into the joint between the neck and shoulder. Leo squirmed- his pressure point. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." "No, not that one. The other one." "Other one?" She dug her fingers in pointedly. "Ow. Mercy." She shook her head, smirking. "Uh, uncle?" "Like ya mean it…" She warned, grinning devilishly. "Uncle! I'm sorry, ow, mercy and uncle!" She laughed and got up, pulling him to his feet. "Ow." He complained, rubbing his neck. "Oh, you'll be fine." She slammed the pillow into his chest. "Come on, Valdez, I'm hungry." "Can't starve poor old Lou now, can we?" Leo laughed. "You're friends are really nice." Calypso commented. She stood next to Leo in a simple T-shirt and jeans, watching him tinker and occasionally passing over a required tool. "I like Louisa. She seems like a nice partner-in-crime." Leo grinned. "We're always pulling pranks on the others. Frank mainly, but he's a big lug and you can't blame us really." "No, Frank's adorable. Leave him alone. Pick on Percy." "Way ahead of you." Leo smirked. Calypso smiled. "So… what happened between you and Percy then?" Her smile faltered. "He was just another hero washed up on my shores. I remember him falling from the sky and landing in the water- he didn't make as much mess as you did." "Sorry." "That was a nice table." "Was it mahogany?" She shot him a blank look. "Oh gods, you haven't seen that yet. I'll put it on later." "What?" "The Hunger Games. It's this film and it's so cool!" She was still staring at him in utter confusion. "OK, sorry, carry on." "He had completely drained himself- caused a massive explosion in a volcano- woke up Typhon." It was Leo's turn to shoot her a blank look. She thought for a short while. "Big bad guy." She eventually said. "Ah." Leo said, as if it had made all the sense in the world. Calypso laughed softly. "Yes, anyway, I nursed him back to health and he left, just like all the others." She sighed miserably. "Stupid men…" "Yes, stupid men." She laughed again. They fell into a comfortable silence, Leo making a small, remote control car that turned into a helicopter before either of them spoke. "Thank you." She said gently, covering his hand with hers. "For coming back for me." He smiled. "My pleasure." She laughed again and kissed his cheek. "Hey, you haven't met Festus!" He dropped everything, lacing his fingers with hers and dragging her out and to the control room. Coach Hedge stood at the helm, humming to himself. He looked round as they entered and he frowned at Calypso. "Who's she? Do I need to whack her with my bat?" "No, no whacking anybody. Coach, this is Calypso." Coach looked at him disbelievingly. "What?" "Don't tell me you got yourself a girlfriend, Valdez?!" "Uh…" He glanced at Calypso, who smiled and nodded. "Yes, yes I did." And done! :D