life had ever felt like that, so I had no choice but to accept that a Greek God was apparently my father. I must have spaced out longer than I thought because the next moment, his face was right above mine, and I had to tilt my head upwards to watch him. If I wasn't so busy studying the Greek God of the Seas, because how many inhuman, but very much normal looking people with the name of Poseidon do I know, I would have been more offended at the tyke part. I was a girl, thank you very much! Huh, so Poseidon, the God of the Sea was my father. Does that make me one of those demigods of legends? But I was nothing if not good at adapting. I adapted when my father left. I adapted when my mother became alcoholic, I adapted when first one, then two jobs weren't enough, and I adapted when I was reincarnated. So being a daughter of Poseidon wasn't that huge of a stretch for my imagination. I didn't have any time to think about it further, because in that moment my father picked me up. Yet I didn't break eye contact, never taking my little still slightly undeveloped baby eyes off him. He did not take his eyes off me either, and I would have laughed if I didn't feel like this was important, a baby and a Greek God having a stare down. But it was important, I felt like looking away was not something I should ever be doing. And then he smiled and the spell was broken. It was a heartfelt, and completely genuine smile, and I think my heart skipped a beat, literally. ''A daughter, by the Gods, I have been blessed with a daughter.'' he spoke softly, but his voice still carried through the small, slightly cluttered room, rumbling sound that instantly calmed me down. He shifted me in his arms, holding me tightly in his warm embrace and rocked me while walking around the room, looking at my few toys and belongings. He stopped at a picture that a nurse had taken and developed while my mother and I were still in the hospital. ''Sally and Rhea Jackson, so my little baby girl got named after my mother, I think she would be happy to have a granddaughter like you. Yes, she would definitely approve.'', he still spoke as softly, staring at me with that tender smile. I wriggled a little in his arms in order to get more comfortable, feeling the surprisingly smooth fabric of his shirt tickle my sensitive baby skin. I couldn't help but giggle at the feeling. He grinned brightly at the sound, looking happy and relieved and so human, that I nearly forgot that he was not; the energy surrounding me like a blanket, keeping me warm even with the slightly opened window, was proof of that. Looking up, I studied his face, sea-green eyes glowing and changing colours. They were lighter whenever he was smiling, and I they darkened like roaring waves whenever he looked like he was deep in thought. How fitting, I absently thought, while starting to coo at him. Working in an orphanage for several weeks as one of my part-time jobs when I was younger and still had to support my mother, I knew how utterly devastating baby's could be. I was of the opinion that they could melt even solid frozen ice if given the right incentive, in their case most notably food. In my case, it was to push as many buttons as possible. The energy I could feel cursing and clashing through his body was utterly and totally comforting to me. I felt loved, protected, comforted, like nothing would ever hurt me while I was in that man's grasp. For someone like me who was always relied on in my old life; this complete feeling of security was new, it was exalarating, I wanted it. ''Hey Princess, I'm your daddy. You look so beautiful, so perfect. I'm going to protect you as best as I can, my daughter.'' he murmured in my ear quietly, soothingly, and one of his arms rubbed circles on my back. This was utter bliss, I just knew it. Being in those strong and warm arms, smelling the comforting breeze of the ocean, of sand and the newly fallen rain. I couldn't help but take note of the wonder in his eyes when he called me his daughter. It was like he had not even expected it in the slightest, maybe he rarely had one? I was his daughter, not his son, and that somehow made all the difference. I didn't care though, I liked that he wanted to protect me, to shield me from harm and danger because I had the funny feeling that having a God as a parent would be different. Very different. It was an hour later when he walked back to my crib and I instantly knew what he wanted to do, and in that moment both my adult and baby instinct wanted the very same thing. To remain encase that embrace for as long as possible. So I resisted, clutching my father's shirt as tight as I possibly could with my undeveloped muscles, I started whimpering, not wanting to leave my father's presence. He gently pried my fingers from his shirt, and looked at me with a torn expression, as if he couldn't decide wether to be pleased or sad, ''Sorry Princess.'' And with that he disappeared in a gust of wind and a spray of water, leaving only the smell of the ocean behind. It took a very long time for me to fall asleep that night, already missing the presence of the person who held me only hours ago. A/N So first chapter finished! I take suggestions into consideration, so if you have any scenes or pairings that you would like to see, either review or PM me. Thank you!