smiled. Percy and Jason glared at Will. Noelani gave him a thumbs up and smiled like an idiot. And everyone else looked uncomfortable, annoyed or happy. "If you excuse us," Will said, holding Nico up, who was still biting Will's neck. "We'll be—ah fuck— we'll be going." He said. He went back to kissing Nico and started walking towards the cabins. He kept an eye open as he walked. He arrived at door of the Hades cabin and roughly shoved Nico on the wall. Will moved his hand to the door knob and opened the door. He walked in the room and dropped Nico on the bed, crawled on top of him, and started kissing Nico's neck. Nico moaned in the most erotic way possible, making Will bite harder. "Fai quello che vuoi con me. Cazzo me. Lo sono il tuo giocattolo. Abuso mi. Scopare il mio culo." Nico moaned in his native tongue. "amami duro...amami duro." Will bit harder. "Fuck Nick. You don't know what that's doing to me." His manhood was begging to be released. Suddenly, Nico flipped them over and lifted Will's shirt up. He bit Will's neck, going down. He trailed kisses down his chest and bit Will's nipple. Will growled like a wild animal. He took off his shirt and rested on his elbows, watching Nico. The raven-haired teen was at his navel, kissing a thin line of hair that led from his navel to his prize. Little Will was twitching like hell. Nico unbuttoned Will's shorts with his teeth, revealing Will's underwear clad cock. Will blushed at how hard and tall it stood. The tip of his underwear was wet with pre cum. Nico laughed. "Someone's excited." He said. He was staring at Will as he licked the tip. Wills eyes moved between looking at Nico's eyes to Nico's tongue that was swirling around the tip. "Fucking shit," he gasped. Nico stopped, making Will groan, and smiled, mischief twinkling in his purple eyes. Purple eyes, Will thought. Nico bit the head of Will's cock. "Ah, fuck!" He let out. "N-Nico... Why are—ah— your eyes purple?" Nico stopped biting and licking. He sat up, took off his shirt and was on top of him. He shoved his hand into Will's underwear, grabbing his erect manhood, making Will moan. Nico started pumping his hand, slowly. He smiled down at Will. "'Member when Connor took me away?" He asked, twirling Will's blonde hair with his other hand. Will nodded. "Well, he gave me some soda. Then I started feeling weird. Conny said it was aphrodi- aphrodisiac. But it was special, it was made by Aphrodite herself. Conny said he gots it from Drew. Said that it should make me feel horny. Which I was. Conny said since I was soooo horny, that- that he can fulfill my desires, but I wanted you to fuck me, Will." Nico laughed. Will couldn't believe what he was hearing. As much as he wanted this to happen, he needed to make sure it was real. "Do you like me?" "Yeah. I do." Nico stopped pumping Will's cock and brought his fingers to his lips, where he licked the precum off of them. Will had to restrain himself from shoving little Will in Nico's mouth. "I really, really do...now let me make you feel good." Will watched as Nico kneeled on the floor, in between Will's legs. He removed Will's shoes and socks and then removed Will's last piece of clothing in a painfully slow pace. Nico stared at his prize, and before Will knew it, Nico had engulfed his whole length. "Gods!" Will yelled in ecstasy. Nico swirled his tongue around his member. Will opened his eyes and saw Nico's purple eyes staring at him, eyes full of love. Will forced Nico on the bed, making Nico's mouth disconnect with Will's dick. But once he was on the bed, he was already bobbing his head. Nico hand went to unzip his jeans and grab his own cock, then started to jerk off. The sight before him was enough to make Will come. He grabbed Nico's black hair and made Nico's bobbing faster, making a sick liquid-y sound. "Fuck!" He yelled, not caring if anyone heard. He came deep within Nico's hungry mouth as Nico came in his hand. "Crap! Sorry, Babe." He apologized. Nico came back up, the edges of his lips were covered with cum, which he licked right off. He licked the cum off his fingers too. "That's alright," Nico said, huskily. "I didn't mind." Will's cock was already hardening. He grabbed the back of Nico's neck and smashed their lips together. Nico swallowed all the cum, but his mouth tasted a little salty. He removed Nico's skinny jeans and boxers and forced him on the bed. Will was about to attack his mouth until he noticed that Nico's eyes weren't purple anymore. "Your eyes—" "It wore off. The aphrodisiac. Connor didn't give me that much." Nico smiled. "Oh," Will said. "Does- does that mean you don't want to do it?" "Didn't say that, you idiot." He reached over to his nightstand, opened a drawer, and retrieved a small half full bottle of lube and a condom. Will raised an eyebrow. "Don't question. Piper made me do it to see if Mitchell was bi." Will would have been mad, but Nico was already under him. "What are you going to do to me, daddy?" Will squirted some lube onto his palm and was lubing up his cock. "A lot of things, di Angelo. A lot of things." ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- OOH GOODNESS! OOH SWEET CHICKEN! OMJAJ! Did I just do that? YEAH AH DID GURL/BOIIII! hopes you likes! If you wouldeth, please leaveth a revieweth. I wanna know what I did good or bad. and remembers! Zendaya rules, children of Aphrodite are awesome, purple is royalty, AND ARSENAL IS PRETTY! (^.^)(^.^) HUGGS ^.- :) ***Flawless