the dust fell but in its place stood a rose with the same shape and color. The smell of flowers swept around the room. "And our last story is about The Summer Rose." Chiron spoke, he went and touched the dust once again, the color didn't change from the black to blue but the dust responded to his word. "She has a different start than the others." The dust showed a young couple holding a small child, all smiling and waving. A smile grew onto Chiron's face at the smiling couple. "Is that Hades and persephone?" Piper asked. "Yes this is the story of the daughter of Hades." Eyes turned to Nico who was still looking at the rose in his hand. He looked up at the black dust to see the small family smiling and waving at him, he waved back. "Her name is summer Rose." The dust moved to show a young girl playing with a field of roses. They grew individually not on a bush, and she was pulling weeds from around them and was pulling off dead pedals. "From a young age she has been powerful and strong." The dust showed the girl stopping her foot and killing the large field of strange roses, death fell over them like a wave, the once thick roses were nothing but withered vines. A sound of surprise came from the leaders. "Then when she grew up and the others came along the three girls became very good friend." The dust showed three teen girls giggling and smiling. "Wait, so was Summer born first or was Sky?" Nico asked, he was spinning the large black rose. "Like I said the timeline is kinda hard, because the time in the underworld moves slower than everywhere else and Olympus moves at different speeds all the time, so they are roughly the same age in a sense that they claim to be the same age as each other, but time is strange." "Olympus had called the three of them 'The three disasters' but they called themselves the 'Three sisters.' They had brought down a kingdom with just the three of them and with no magic. They are very smart and very much feared. So the other gods got champions to take care of them and all the work they didn't want to do." "Atheana had the twins of science, who were once the appreciations of Galolo. Then Hephaestus had a daughter who more than once fixed something that even the God could not. Apollo had a son and a daughter but the daughter went to join her aunt Artemis and she became the first huntress to work with the goddess of the moon. Then Demeter, Ares, Iris,Nemesis, and Tyche all had daughter to be their champions. And Aphrodite, Hermes, Hypnos, Nike, and Hecate all had sons become the champion. And then we have Janus they had twins who change gender all the time. "Okay so the gods had champions, what does that have to do with us?" Jason asked. "Well if you will stop interrupting me then we can hurry and finish this story." He gave a dirty look around the room. "Thank you. So a long time ago after all the gods had champions and demigods things were good, the three sisters were leaving to go on a very important mission , that's where Summer became more than just princess of the underworld and holder of roses. After this mission she became the goddess of Souls, and queen of Tartus, and Ruler of monsters. It changed everything, the other gods felt at a disadvantage because how powerful Summer was, so Dionysus went and had more children and made another Champion, the other gods didn't like that, some of the gods had two but they were twins never one after the other. Zuse, outraged told Dionysus that he had to strip his children of their powers or someone else would. And McKenzie the one you met today, was so upset that she declared war on all of Olympus," "The champions took on the fight for their parents, but some of the champions switched sides. Whether they be on their own accord or McKenzie made them, the war was horrible. MAny lives were lost, and many gods lost their champions. But they only way to end the war was for summer to Soul stretch. "What's that?" Hazel asked then regretted it, she pulled herself into herself and hid behind Frank. Chiron gave her a look that told her to not say anything. "It's a skill she learned over the years, it's where she pulls the soul string out of something then ripped it apart. Like what the fates do but with the string inside the body, and she goes in and pulls it out. She did it to Freddie Hutions, the child of Dionysus. In doing so she ended the war." Chiron ended his story with pushing the dust back into the pouch that it originally came from. "Now that you know what we are dealing with we must act fast to get everyone to safety before she comes back." "I'm sorry but just because you told a nice story and had magic dust, does not give us much information on why we have to run." Reyna said her long purple cape swepped along the floor with her movements. "You must understand, this is not up for discussion. It's now or never, we must leave now." Chiron's voice sounded strained. "I have seen this war start once and I do not wish to put you through it." A loud scream came from somewhere in the camp then more yelling. All the demigods rushed to the door only to see that it's been locked with magic. Hazle tried to open it but she can't push it open, her magic is weak from using it today to teach. "Who locked us in here?" Frank asked. Chirons face is sunken and pale. "The other champions are here."