on the River Styx to never tell a soul, and the Hunters of Artemis, who actually all wish they were like Bianca and himself. If there were any creature who dared to face him in these woods, Nico could easily run away as fast as a fox, or he could tear the creature apart. He wasn't as weak as he looked. Nico continued walking through the eery woods, not seeing why it was labeled scary. Sure, it was dark and creepy, but that was about it. He had been walking for about twenty minutes and he had not encountered any creatures or monsters or witches or any animated trees. Nico walked along until he nearly tripped on a rock. He looked down and gasped. A rock? No. Human ribcage bone? Yes. He stumbled back. The skeleton wore the clothes of a girl. Though they were torn to shreds. The skull had a scratch mark on it. The leg bone was broken. The bones were old and yellow. The girl who was dared. This had to be her. Just then, a growl was heard. Nico gasped and turned. There were glowing yellow eyes hidden in the bushes, staring at him. The growling intensified. Nico let out his own low growl. His eyes flashed icy blue as he stared at the yellow eyes. The growling from the bushes ceased, but the eyes still stayed, staring at Nico. Nico was about to run until a great wolf emerged from the bushes, gray fur large and fluffy. The wolf didn't look like it wanted a fight so Nico let himself relax. Nico held his hand out and the wolf came forward, slowly making its way to Nico. It nuzzled its head fondly in his hand, whimpering. Nico smiled. "Hey wolfie." Nico scratched its neck. Nico dug his hand through his basket and retrieved a piece of meat his mother had packed for Granny. He fed the wolf and the wolf licked his face. Nico laughed as the wolf jumped on him and started licking his face and neck. The wolf was panting happily in his face. "Whoa man. Your breath stinks." Nico said. The wolf whimpered. "Well, you are a dog." The wolf then growled and barked, yellow eyes glowing. The wolf growled a long time before running back into the bushes. Nico wiped the wolf spit off his face, picked up his basket and got up. He shrugged it off and continued his journey. After about ten minutes of walking, there was another growl. Nico looked around. "Came back for more food?" He asked aloud. Nico stopped in his tracks as the same wolf jumped in front of him. There were suddenly more growls. Nico looked at the bushes and saw that there were three more glowing eyes staring at him from the bushes. Three wolves emerged from the bushes and surrounded him. Before his eyes, the four large wolves turned into male humans. Nico's eyes widened. Like Father. Nico thought. "Told you he was a beauty." The one he had encountered first said. He, like all of them, were shirtless. They all wore torn up trousers that barely covered up their manly parts, and they were all ripped. Except for one blond man who was not as ripped but he was still muscular. "Can we take him now?" The not so ripped one asked impatiently, staring at him with lust filled eyes. He was growling like the wolf he was. "Patience, Octavian." The biggest man said, he had a scar on his face. He, too, had lust covering his eyes but not as strong as the one he had called Octavian. "Come on Luke!" The one who Nico had encountered first whined. "We've never had a guy before. This one is gorgeous." "He smells nice." The forth one said. He looked like the first one. Probably twins. "Smell clearly you idiots." The one called Luke said. "He smells like human. He also smells like wolf." "He smells like strawberries." "I jumped on him earlier. He smells like me." "No you dolt!" Luke yelled. "The smell is faint, but it's there. He is one of us." "Half blood." Octavian said. He grinned and licked his lips. "Doesn't matter," the twin growled. "He is going to be are little plaything, right Connor?" "Right Travis." Nico just stood there, staring at the one called Connor, who was the wolf he had fed. He stared at them all. They were all at least two or three sizes bigger than he was. He couldn't possibly defend himself. They all growled and their eyes glowed. Nico let out another growl and his eyes flashed blue again. He didn't want to be raped by four guys and then get eaten afterwards. Luke walked towards him slowly and Nico stopped growling. Nico was afraid to move, afraid that Luke would jump him. Luke put his hand on Nico's backside and Nico decided he should run. He grabbed Luke's fingers from behind him and he twisted them. Luke howled in pain as Nico continued to torture his hand. Luke fell on one knee and Nico stepped on his knee and then on his shoulder and launched himself into the air. He kicked both Travis and Connor in the face and they went down. Nico ran. ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- Don't judge me and my age gaps! I think it's hot! Nico is fourteen and Will is eighteen. Deal with it. Just to let y'all knows, a lot of my stuffs will have at least a three year age gap...because of the hotness. I'm sorry for the lack of Solangeloness. Hopefully there would in the next chapter! Hopes you likes! Please let me know what you think! Criticismizations are welcome! Weird factation about me, I like making up words. And remember! Zendaya is awesome, Nico is hot, nobody's flawless, and bagpipes are weird! Love y'all! ^.- xoxo Arsenal disappeared!