but she kept healing. Of course, Annabeth, I told myself. She is the goddess of the earth; she can't be defeated on her home territory. I knew what had to happen. I looked at Percy in heartbreak. And then at Jason. Jason was completely on the ground, showing no signs of life, while Percy, still muttered, "I love you, Wise Girl." Over and over again. It made my heart feel as if it had been ripped open by Gaea. My eyes left Percy and darted to Leo. He held a ball of fire in his hand and stared daggers at Gaea. "Leo," I said weakly. "it's time for the plan." I finished. All seven of us had gone over a last minute, extreme plan. It was time. Leo nodded and grabbed a small little clip from his belt. He tossed it to me. I stuck it the bottom of my left shoe and grabbed the unassuming goddess. In a second the clip opened up and folded out layers and layers on top of each other. It spread out until it formed a makeshift personal helicopter devise. It spun wildly until it lifted me over the ground and high in the sky with Gaea in my hand's grip. She smiled. "You can't possible think you could ever possibly kill me! If anyone could it would be Jason or Leo, but woopsie! They are almost dead, if not dead already." The earth mother stated. The sad thing was… it was true. Me? Annabeth Chase? Defeat Gaea? It was a joke. But I wasn't planning on killing her. I grabbed the clip on my shoe which was now a mini helicopter top and stuffed it into Gaea's arms. I let go, falling hard on the ground, but I was able to tuck and roll which made the fall bearable. I looked up at the goddess. "Leo! It's in place, please hurry!" my voice yelled across the field. Leo clicked a small button deep inside his tool belt. We all waited and for a horrible second I thought it might not work. Then in the sky Gaea blew into intense green flame. The helicopter was a bomb that exploded in Greek fire. It was an invention of Leo's. the ground beneath my feet became solid. Without thinking I raced over to Percy and the others. Jason had defiantly passed on, while Leo was dangerously close. I skidded to my knees so I could be level with Percy. I held his face, and kissed him, but his lips were cold and un moving. I screamed his name and cried into his chest. I hugged his lifeless body and ran my fingers through his jet black hair. "Percy… Seaweed Brain…" I cried. I couldn't think of a reason to live. There wasn't one. Percy was my life… the way I lived. He was my boyfriend…. And my best friend. I didn't understand how to live on the earth without my Seaweed Brain. Percy made the world safer and much more whole. He made the world how it should be. His humor, his laugh, his voice was one of the things on earth that made it worth living for. Gods… Percy… you can't leave me…you can't die. I held onto his neck and wept… maybe for hours, maybe days. I didn't care. The world might have well have been destroyed by Gaea 100 times over. Now I understood Hazel's actions. She just wanted to be with her boyfriend. It seemed like the only thing to do. I looked at my celestial bronze dagger. It would be so easy to take Hazel's path. Yet, things needed to be done. I walked several yards away from the dead bodies and shouted, "IM RIGHT HERE! I KNOW YOU ALL ARE OUT THERE! COME AND KILL ME NOW!" Monsters, small in numbers at first charged forward. I took on several, but finally they circled around me and made small attacks. I got slashes all over my body, but eventually the hydra, the nine headed nightmare, snapped at me until it bit me. Right in the shoulder. From pain I fell to my knees, still attacking, but I knew it was over. Gaea was gone but these monsters had to be stopped. I reached in the bottom pocket of my hiking pants and pulled out a small tube… one tube with special fire Leo had been making. It burned off of celestial bronze and imperial gold shavings, meaning it was deadly to monsters, but the heat itself would kill humans too. I smiled and whispered, " Seaweed Brain. " And smashed the vile to the ground. It erupted in golden flame and burned monsters to ashes. The flame, itself didn't hurt, but soon smoke and excruciating heat overwhelmed me. I blacked out. When I awoke again, I was in a chair in a black room with three old men in front of me. "Annabeth Chase." They said in unison. Their voices were raspy, yet somehow deep and rich. I knew where I was, I was at judgement. The three judges would decide if I would go to punishment, asphodel, or Elysium. I would do anything just to get to be with Percy. If they sent me to the fields of punishment, or even chaos itself, I would willingly go, if it meant to be with Percy for just one more minute. "Elysium" they decided. The one in the middle smiled and nodded his head and waved his hand, which made a veil of smoke cover me and whisk me off. It dropped me on a beach, with glistening waves and the smell of honeysuckle. I looked up to see artificial light. I was in the nicest spot in the underworld. Elysium. I walked to the water when I heard a voice call "Wise Girl!" I laughed with real joy, for the first time in forever and turned around to see a hansome tall boy, with jet black hair and sea green eyes.