me last, about my sister, it had really stuck with me. Emily had left to join the hunters of Artemis, but I never considered how close she might have been with the goddess. Aside from that, why had Artemis even brought it up at all? Did she feel somehow responsible for Emily's death? Was that why she wanted to help me? I also had to wonder who it was that Artemis had sent to help me. I remembered the one time I had actually met the hunters of Artemis. There was this one girl, she wasn't the nicest, but she was an excellent warrior. I had only been around her for a short time, but I could tell that she was the one in charge, when Artemis wasn't around anyway. I never got to learn her name, but that must've been who Artemis was talking about, though I wasn't sure if I would be able to recognize her when I saw her. It was the only thing that made sense though. I found my way back to the elevator and rode it back down to the lobby of the Empire State Building. The security guard did not look happy to see me, and was clearly disappointed that Zeus had decided not to incinerate me, but he mostly ignored me as I passed him. I pushed through the crowd in the lobby and left the building. I looked up and down the street, looking for someone that I would recognize, but not being sure who I was actually looking for. And then I saw her. Across the street, looking up and down it like she was waiting for someone, was a girl. She had short, spiky, black hair and was wearing the same clothes that Artemis had been wearing. This girl couldn't possibly be there though. True I had spoken to her once, and I had seen her on several other occasions, but she couldn't be there now. She was dead, technically I guess. Okay, so it wouldn't be that weird for me to see someone who should be dead, but usually I was the only one that could see them. But people passing her on the street were deliberately avoiding her, some of them even giving her strange looks, most likely due to the clothes she was wearing. But they shouldn't have been able to see her, so why could they? Well, there was only one way to figure out what was going on. "Thalia," I said as I approached her, "Thalia Grace?" I didn't think that she would acknowledge me, thinking that she must be someone else, but she turned to me when I called her name. Thalia gave me a confused look. "How do you know my name?" "You don't remember me?" Thalia considered me for a moment. "I don't think we've ever met." Now this really didn't make sense. I had only met Thalia once, close to eight years ago now, and that encounter is really hard to describe. You see, Thalia technically didn't exist when I met her. Through a series of complicated circumstances that I won't get into now, Thalia had been turned into a tree by her fater, Zeus, two years before we met. Somehow, though, she managed to contact me while she was in that form. I still never learned how, or why, she had contacted me, but I was glad that she did. "You have to remember," I said, "It was right here in New York." Thalia stared at me silently again for a time before shaking her head. "Sorry," she said "I really don't remember." My initial excitement at seeing Thalia was now gone. I had always wanted the chance to thank Thalia in person for what she had done for me. It seemed like such a small thing back then, but Thalia saved my life. She had kept me from giving up on myself. If it wasn't for her, I never would've met my friends. In fact, if it weren't for her, I would probably be dead. There was no point in thanking her now if she didn't even remember it though. It must've been such a small thing to her. "Oh," I said disappointed, "Well, my name is Hirius. Artemis told me that someone would help me and…" "What," Thalia shouted, stopping me in mid sentence, "This is what Artemis called me here for!? There's a war going on and she wants me to baby-sit!?" "Baby-sit," I asked getting annoyed, "I think you're being a little…" "I can't believe she would do this to me," Thalia went on, cutting me off again, "This is such a waste of my talents!? And a child of Hades to!? What does she think I am!? What does she even want me to help you with!?" I was so sure that Thalia was just ranting to herself that I didn't answer her right away. "The gods set me to the task of completing the twelve labors before the end of September." "Oh that's just great," she ranted on, "It couldn't be something easy could it!? No, instead of preparing to take on Kronos' forces, I have to go chasing a bunch of monsters around the country!? This is just great!" With that, she turned and began to storm off without another word. She didn't get very far before she turned to me, having realized that I wasn't following her. "Well," she shouted, "Are you coming or not!?" "Can I at least ask where we're going," I said. "The first labor was to kill the Nemean Lion," she said, "We have to find it before we can kill it, so hurry up." She turned and stormed off again. I followed behind her quickly, not wanting her to explode at me again. I could already tell that this was not going to be a fun trip. "Artemis," I whispered under my breath as I followed Thalia, "What in the world have you gotten me into?"