route. "Did you really think you would get away with it?" Uh oh, shit was about to get real. She seemed completely focussed on Percy, so I slowly started to back up. Maybe she wouldn't notice if I left. "I'll-I'll try harder ma'am." I felt bad for him, but I barely knew him. There was absolutely no way I was going to risk my hide for some kid I'd just met. Sorry, no hero complex for me. I'll just go. Thunder shook the building. I stopped moving backwards. "We are not fools, Percy Jackson." Mrs. Dodds snarled, "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." Percy just gave her a blank face. "Er-" "Well?" She hissed expectantly. I started to move back again. She hadn't even acknowledged my existence. I took another step. "Ma'am, I don't." "Your time is up." Shit. I watched as she transformed. It was different than the sudden burst in the movie, but this was even more horrifying. Her jacket seemed to melt straight into her body, becoming a thick layer of leather skin. Her nails elongated into sharp yellowing claws and peeling from her back like a snake sheds it skin were two large leathery wings. Worst of all was her face. Her face tightened, looking emaciated with hollow cheeks and sharp cheek bones. Her yellow eyes were slit like a cats, and her teeth sharped to points. I moved away quicker, tripping on my own feet and falling to the ground. I felt bad for abandoning Percy, but I was getting out of there. I was no demigod. This wasn't my fight. I was just about to leave when something blocked my path, or rather…someone. Brunner had somehow wheeled his chair up the stairs and through the many halls in order to get to where we are now. He gave me a knowing grin and I suddenly felt incredibly bad about leaving Percy. He turned away from me and towards Percy. In his hand he held a pen. I fought a smirk. The pen is mightier than the sword, indeed . "What ho, Percy!" Brunner cried out, throwing the pen towards him. I watched, mystified, as the pen switched to sword mid throw. I shakily got to my feet. The creature seemed wary of Percy now that he was armed, and Percy was looking at the sword, unsure of what he was supposed to do. I stepped away from Mr. Brunner who looked like he was getting ready to go into horse mode should this get out of hand. Out of nowhere, the monster changed tactics. Abandoning Percy she turned towards me. I froze. She snarled and started to fly towards me. I didn't know what to do. Behind her I could see Percy looking at me in horror. I raised my arm, hoping to catch her talon there rather than my throat. It worked, fortunately for my throat, not so fortunate for my arm. I cried out in pain, and stumbled back. Leaning against the museum wall. I clutched my arm, trying not to think about the blood that soaked my shirt. I looked up just in time to see the monster come in for another pass. I whimpered as she came nearer, then a bronze glint behind her caught my eyes. Percy had aimed, and thrown the sword. It catapulted through the air and hit the monster right in the bullseye. The sword passed through the monster like water, and then kept going, right towards me. I screeched and dropped right as it smashed into the wall above my head. I waited for the pain of a bronze sword crashing into me. Instead, a small ballpoint pen landed in my lap. I was breathing heavily, adrenaline still rushing through my system. Percy's eyes were as wide as mine. He quickly walked over to me and grabbed my arm. Mr. Brunner was nowhere to be found. I winced and sucked in a breath as Percy looked at it. It wasn't as bad as I though. A diagonal slash along my forearm. There wasn't even that much blood. But the pain was still there. "I think you're gonna need stitches." He muttered. I agreed with him. He looked around the room, dazed, before turning to look back at me, "Did we just-" He trailed off, looking as if he didn't quiet believe what had just happened. "Yup." I nodded. I think I was in shock. He nodded, but he looked to be a million miles away, "I'll go get Brunner, stay here." I nodded, wincing as he dropped by arm and ran out. Great, I thought, I'm actually stuck in a piece of fiction. And I had no idea how I was gonna live through it. A/N: WARNING! This is just a preview chapter. I'm going to scope out the responses and see If I want to continue it. I can't promise anything right away, but If there's a positive response to it, I will continue it. Yes, this is an OC. It's even a self insert. I don't live in denial about this. But If I can't write myself into Camp-Half blood then there is no point to this website. So read if you like, ignore if you don't. So I got this idea while writing Between Reality, my other Percy Jackson story(Which is no longer on the site, sorry) and I ran with it. No movie bashing here folks! I loved the movie! I don't like comparing things because it just creates unnecessary competition and fighting. So review and give me your thoughts. If Anyone here is from ATSWNT, then I promise that I won't slack on the chapters for that either. So Please review! I try to reply to every review, especially if you have questions, so feel free to ask anything. And i mean anything, feel free to get personal! So until next time, whenever that may be! -Ash