a hundred uncontrollable children who, due to their parentage, had gone through abuse, neglect, and quite a few deathly situations for a bunch of kids. He pulled jerkily in front of the large building, putting his car into park before he stopped fully, nearly causing a crash just by parking. He left his car, which reflected the rising sun quite admirably due to its popping red color, urgently. Despite the fact that he was finally at Camp Half-Blood, a shiver of fear ran through him instead of relief. It was in the middle of December, and yet he found himself here. While it seemed quite fitting that it was his own idea, and he wasn't exactly the type of person who believed in fate, it didn't seem like it was much of his choice at all. Like for some reason he was meant to be here instead of it being an escape plan. He walked into the scene, and to his surprise it was nearly dead. Nearly, of course. He still heard the stirring of voices coming from the Big House, but even in winter he expected more noise. People outside. Giggles. It may be early morning but surely someone would be outside? But being the son of Apollo, and apparently a so-called hero, he decided to hold his guts and follow the loud, and some estranged, voices coming out of the Big House. As he got closer to the front door, he couldn't help but take notice on how furious everybody was. It might have been early, but there was no excuse in calling someone a wild cow. He opened the door lightly, peaking his head in, but even Will Solace – the boy who had patched up mangled bodies, revived the half-dead, and had, at times, ran an entire clinic all by himself after a harsh game of Capture the Flag (which, he had practically yelled at Chiron, was a really moronic camp activity), wasn't ready for the mess he was about to walk into. There were fifteen kids yelling at each other all around. One was standing on a ping pong table, a kid of Ares had nailed a daughter of Demeter to a wall and was screaming in her face, a few were simply arguing with their fingers clenching the air in anger, two children of Aphrodite were crying, and Pollux – the son of Dionysus – was simply staring at everybody with his arms crossed impatiently. While many eyes went to the door, apparently Will wasn't good enough to say hello to. They merely looked at him with a mild sense of recognition, and then turned back towards their rival. Carefully, Will slowly went around all the arguers until he was face to face with Pollux, who was sitting in a white yard chair in silent anger. Will licked his lips, taking a breath before speaking. "Pollux," he said slowly, "Why is everybody acting like immature monkeys?" Pollux shook his head angrily, flaring his nose. Will nodded in reply, taking his silence mildly, but still persisting. "Is this over food, again?" Pollux shook his head. "A chariot race?" Pollux shook his head faster. "Let me guess, chores?" "Take it," Pollux said, muttering the two words so coldly that Will blinked. Will's eyes fell down to Pollux's hands, which held a tightly folded piece of paper. If it were any normal day, Will may have been apprehensive, but in the last twenty-four hours he had partially-accidentally shrunk his step mom, watched as a dark force tried killing Rodney, was stood up by Nico di Angelo, and drove for the first time since he got his license. Nothing could really surprise him at this point. Will replied with a nod, and a mildly interested tilt, before taking it and unfolding it. Dear Campers, Due to recent events, your directors God Dionysus and his assistant, Chiron, will no longer hold authority in the Greek camp for demigods. In respect for the safety of the minors who hold godly blood, the camp will still run but from this date forward will be controlled by an appointed individual. Will read it three times before he looked back up at Pollux. "I'm confused," Will said, blinking. "Do they really have the audacity to just-" "The camp is no longer run by two daft idiots. Instead, it will be run by me, appointed by the gods." Silence waved against the group of children and all heads turned towards the door to meet the eyes of an unfamiliar voice. Will turned around fully, the crisp paper crumpled into his hand, but when he saw the figure in the doorway his mouth parted. She was completely unfamiliar – olive toned, tall, caramel hair weaved into a long braid that curved around her neck. She was already dressed in gear, and had a gleam of hunger in her eyes, but couldn't have possibly been a day older than any of them. Of course, she could've been eternal, but something told him that she wasn't. That she was just a kid, alike to all of them. "And who the hell are you?" A son of Ares interrupted. The girl smiled lightly, about to open her mouth, but then a boy with wavy dark hair, a little over six foot, with skin so white that you could almost believe he was a living corpse, stepped into the doorway. The figure pecked her cheek lightly, gripping her hand tightly, and forcing Will to feel as if his knees were about to buckle down. What…what was going on? "Kenna James," Nico di Angelo replied, looking at every pair of eyes except for Will's. "Camp Half-Blood, meet Lady Kenna James, daughter of Eris and heir to the throne." (three dashes here) Look, its kinda rough, and I know that, and theres probably a thousand errors (sorry, I wrote this really late) but if you don't comment, I won't know if I should continue, so if you want more please comment