her fresh wound. How did Silena know that Bekendorf was her perfect boyfriend, not cheating on her? Maybe he was and Annabeth would love to see the day when she found out about it. But somewhere deep inside she knew that Charls loved Silena and that they both loved Annabeth a lot which made her feel a whole lot bad all over again. She stuffed her hands in her pocket and walked out of that cursed building. She hoped that it would fall on Luke's head some day. She realized that she had come home before she really registered it. She raised her hand to knock but noticed that their parent's cars were still out meaning that she would be immediately ushered to run after her siblings if she went inside at that moment when all she really wanted to do was to curl up on her bed in her bed room and curse Luke for all he was worth. So instead she took a bus to Brial High. The ride was uneventful as the view of thousand fallen maple's flashed past Annabeth. Except for her there was just another elderly couple, enjoying their days together. Seeing them made her heart ache and wish to stop. She still couldn't believe that all this was real, that Luke had actually cheated on her and above that he had called her a kid. Had he planed on being alone with a kid in a hotel this weekend? The thought somehow disgusted Annabeth now. She wished that this day had never come, that she had never come to Luke's apartment in the first place but then she would have been in the dark, which she hated above all. As Annabeth jumped off the bus and started to stroll aimlessly around the campus there was an explosion. Something was happening in the garage. In Leo's garage. Annabeth's heart raced as she felt that something big approaching her in an antique rhythm. It was as if something was ready to consume her. She pushed it at the back of her mind and hurried over there to see if Leo was okay. He seriously was going to blow the school apart one day. As she reached his garage she stopped in her tracks. Her mouth flew open as what she saw in front of her threw her out of her minds. Leo had somehow built a giant chair car with thick wires flying from one cabinet to other. The thing was huge and shaped like and egg with a seat in it with the dash board of a car inside it. The way the car gave off a feeling of old bones reminded Annabeth of the Pre- revolution periods. They had been thought that about hundred years ago such cars were used by the blonde haired, blue-grey eyed tyrant nobles to dispose off the dead bodies of the resistors. Annabeth felt her body recoil back at that horrible memory. "Leo! What the hell is this?" The car was earlier hanging on a metal from the roof but it had crashed down with a loud thud which she had mistaken for an explosion. Leo came around from it with grim covering his features as he coughed and said, "Don't move. Something has gone wrong. I-" But before he could say anything there was a huge flash. Annabeth squinted and moved back as the light grew on her. It felt as nothing but suddenly her heart was racing a mile per minute. This was her something big. Leo's stupid project was. Her ear drums popped and her blood seemed to pulse through her neck as she stifled a scream. Her muscles had gone rigid and she could feel her hair flying everywhere. She was too afraid to open her eyes. She wondered if she could open them. She tried to lift her hand but it was useless. Cold fear bled through her as she dreaded being paralysed. Has Leo's stupid project ruined her body? Why wasn't she moving. And then the light went away all of a sudden. Annabeth heard Leo scream her name but his voice was so distant, he could have been standing out on the entry gate and calling out for her. And then Annabeth landed on something cold and slippery and slipped down the path and landed on her knees pretty hard. She was sitting on snow. Snow? Where had it come from? There wasn't any snow a moment ago and now she could feel it in her hair in her coat... everywhere. And then the blinding lights where back. Annabeth shielded her eyes as she heard footsteps running towards her. What was happening? Where was she? "She could be a Noble! She had blonde hair." She heard a feminine voice scream heftily. "Her eyes?" "I caught a sight of them they appear to be like them all right!" Yelled back another one. What was happening? Why were people talking about her hair and her eyes? Who were they. Annabeth realized that the lights were actually torch lights. Something clicked into place, making Annabeth looked up slowly. She gulped at what she saw. A revolver of the last century was pointed at her. Fear gripped her heart as her mind struggled to process everything that was happening. These people were nuts. She had to get out of there fast and- "Say your prayers Noble." A calm and cold voice of a man tore through her momentary deliria as she looked further up. In the darkness of the hour all she could see of her possible assassin were his sharp blue-green eyes, glowing with hatred, all of it pointed at her. "Huh" His squeezed the trigger as the gun fired and stilled the already deathly still night. Guys I know this chapter might have been a really quick one but I have this idea and I can't help it go on so fast. So do you guys wanna read further? Tell me what ya think!