to lick her breast to increase the pleasure that she was receiving. Off course would she not be out down so she slid her downs towards the god's erection and started to rub it teasingly "Oh gods." Apollo moaned Persephone could not help but giggle on how the Apollo is so easily pleasured like that. She then slowly knelt in front of his boxers and removed it only to reveal the god's 9 inch erection. 'Wow he is even bigger than Luke' Persephone thought as she took the length and slowly starting to give him a hand job. Apollo could believe it he was actually getting laid with heroin of Olympus, but right now he was just enjoying the moment then Persephone decided to give him a blowjob. "I am going to cum Sephie." Apollo said it only made her go faster. When the god of the sun finally came in Persephone's mouth while some went to her face Apollo could not help but be turned even more on. Persephone stood up and removed her biker shorts revealing her round ass and a very shaven pussy; she then walked back towards her bed. Apollo followed her back to her and bed and crawled on top her and resumed their little make out session. Apollo then looked at Persephone as he positioned his erection at her entrance. "Are you sure?" Apollo asked Persephone only for her to nod. "Okay this would hurt a bit." Apollo said as he slowly pushes his length inside her. Apollo can feel her velvety folds clutching tightly on his dick. Once he reached her wall he looked at Persephone once more, only for her to nod again, before he thrusted his penis breaking her hymen. He stayed like that for a few moments, while kissing some her tears away, before he started to thrust slowly trying to get the rhythm. Once Apollo already got into rhythm, he clutched onto Persephone's breast begun to rub it to add more pleasure. In which Persephone is already screaming out his name that she might have woken up several campers but she does not care continues to scream in pleasure. As the two continued with their acts the two of them were now nearing their climax. "Apollo…I…think…I am….going….to…cum." Persephone tried to say from the pleasure she was receiving which cannot allow her to speak a proper sentence. "I…am…also…close…Sephie." Apollo said as thrust became more erratic as he continues his thrust inside Persephone's pussy. "I am cumming Sephie." Apollo said "Cum inside me Apollo... I don't care if I get pregnant." Seph said as they continue. Soon the two reached their climax Apollo releasing his seed deep inside Persephone's womb, he is pretty sure that Persephone would get pregnant since he didn't cast an anti-pregnancy spell on her. Soon the two laid there on the bed enjoying each other's embrace until sleep overcoming the two. Lemon Ends Dawn came upon the two only for Apollo to awaken slowly. Once the Greek god of the sun was fully awake it suddenly dawned to him that he was alone on a bed. Usually it was him that would leave a women behind but all the things that happened to him with Persephone he was suddenly given a sudden revelation that sometimes things need to change and it's about time he decided to settle down. Once he got up from the bed he suddenly heard the shower running in the cabin. He walked towards the sound only to find his beautiful girlfriends taking a shower. He then slowly walked towards her and wrapped his arms around her. For Persephone however when she was hugged she thought somebody might have broken inside but relaxed when she smelled that familiar scent of his boyfriend. "Hello love" Apollo said Persephone could not really help but giggle from the antics from her boyfriend. As the two got ready Apollo noticed the sun was already being the sun god Apollo didn't knew who took his job. It was soon answered with loud knock in the cabin door. Persephone was already dressed wearing her camp half-blood shirt and some short shorts. When she opened she was soon greeted by her entire Olympian family from her father's side. "Hello Persephone, had you seen Apollo?" Artemis asked "You called little sis?" Apollo said stepping out to reveal himself. "You better start explaining why did left your job and why are with Persephone." Artemis said threateningly "Well you see…" Apollo tried to make some reason until Hera, Queen of Gods, notices a glow in Persephone. "Persephone are you pregnant with Apollo's child?" Hera asked "Ummmm….yes?" Persephone said uncertainly of course that did not bode well to Apollo only for him to realize a killer intent emitting of his father and uncle. "Oh, geez look at the time got to go." Apollo said running of too who knows were. Only one thing was heard during that day and it was "AAAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPPPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" The two gods screamed in unison. Yup it's just another normal day in Camp Half-Blood. A/n: Alright here are a couple of tips for some of you people having a romantic relationship, because this is also part of my requirements. Regardless if you follow these tips I don't judge you for ignoring it it's up to you anyway how to manage your own relationship. Anyway on to the tips on Loyalty and faithfulness in a relationship: Don't let him see that you chose him/her by category. Show that you'd love the person for the better. Show that person that you truly cared for them. You can't buy someone's trust and loyalty. (You don't even know when they will stab you in the back. Simply because they only wanted your wealth or something else) Well that's all my tips for now hope you all enjoyed the story. If you guys want it to be a full story rather than a one-shot please just tell me on the reviews. So this Assassinmentor909 signing out. Peace.