sheets away from her thighs. "We have to stop her! She took my babies! She took them!" Annabeth swung her legs over the bed. Percy rushed to her side. "Annabeth you need to rest." He gently pushed her legs back on the bed. "I'll bring them back, I will find them. I promise. " He kissed her once more before running out of the room, leaving her to her tears. He headed for the hospital exit doors, since Kelli was all about the dramatic escapes. He saw her with the twins running down the street away from the hospital. "Hey!" He screamed, gaining attention of onlookers. "Stop her, she's kidnapping my children!" Percy continued to run after Kelli, unfortunately with the aide of no one else. Kelli effortlessly dodged pedestrians often shoving some to the ground. Percy could still hear the cries of his daughter. He chased her all the way to Central Park, not caring about the pain in his chest. He wanted to stop and breathe but not if that meant giving up his children. Kelli suddenly made a stop and rocks began to crumble beneath her feet. Percy's eyes widened in realization. There couldn't be...he thought. "No!" He lurched towards Kelli before she could jump inside the hole, grabbing her shoulders. Kelli squirmed as his gripped tightened. "Why are you doing this? Who sent you?" "My massster hasss been waiting for the greatessst half-bloodsss to bear their firssst child. Luck isss on our ssside, for not one but two children! My massster hasss great plansss." Percy grit his teeth trying to hold on to her. "Master? What master?" Kelli managed to give him a cruel smile. "We will meet again, Jackssson." Before he could think of what it meant, Kelli slammed the back of her head into Percy's forehead, making him drop her quickly, but then grasp onto Beck as Kelli fell into the hole. The ground reassembled itself once her head past through. "No!" Percy fisted the ground on his knees, with Beck in one arm. "No, no, no!" His daughter was gone. Percy leaned back on his legs, holding his newborn son close to him, kissing his forehead. The baby began to cry, and Percy sniffled, wondering how a great moment could quickly be ruined in the worst way. "It's okay. I'll find a way. We will get her back." He slowly stood up, trying to process everything that had happened and trying to remember every single detail, but it was so hard to think. He was devastated, let alone worried about Annabeth and how he dreaded breaking the news to her. "We will get her back," He promised Beck, before heading back to the hospital. Ω The empousai had appeared above ground on an empty street. The nearby signs shown they were on Flatbush Avenue and Atlantic, the Brooklyn Bridge standing tall in the distance. The only thing that could be heard was the sounds of the baby crying. "Sssstop it! Sssstop whining you wretched little thing." The baby opened her teary eyes and the empousai winced. Her eyes were a bright green—just like her father's. "You're sssuch an ugly little creature, I can't wait until my massster takesss you." The baby wailed much harder and the empousai grumbled. Kelli was about to swat the child in hopes of hushing it until a noise startled her. There was rustling and the jingling of keys nearby the monster and Kelli jumped. A bird hooted above her. Even monsters can get scared by the smallest of things. "Do you hear that Bart? I hear crying!" A females voice erupted down the street. "Vlacas." Kelli cursed. The baby kept crying, perhaps even louder than before. "Maya, I want a baby just as much as you do, but—" "I'm not crazy, Bart! I hear it!" Suddenly, jets of water from a nearby hydrant attacked Kelli's face and pushed her backwards. The water gently placed the baby on a trash can cover and on the pavement. Kelli spluttered and before the empousai could blink a stream of water wrapped around her throat and she could feel herself slipping back into Tartarus. "No!" She shrieked before exploding into golden dust. The little baby continued to cry as two figures walked down the same pavement she laid. "See Bart! I told you I was hearing something!" The woman, Maya, ran over to the child and scooped her up. Her husband took off his sweater and wrapped it around the child. "Oh God, What do you think happened?" Bart asked. Maya frowned. "I don't know. She looks newborn and She doesn't have a tag on her wrist so I don't think she came from a hospital." "How could someone just leave her out here like this? She's so precious." Bart lightly touched her hand. The baby seemed to stop crying in Maya's arms. "I want to keep her," Maya declared. "Maya—" "Don't Maya me!" She rolled her eyes at Bart. "This was a sign , I can't hold a pregnancy, so God gave us a baby. She's mine now, and no one is going to take her away from me." "Maya, are you sure this is the right thing to do?" Bart asked cautiously. "Yes. I'm saving a stranded and abandoned child. Now, what should we name her?" An owl hooted above them. Maya's eyes brightened. "Zoë! We'll name her Zoë." "What are we going to tell people?" "We just moved here a week ago and we don't know anyone. Plus the family back home still thinks I'm pregnant. It'll be fine." Maya and Bart continued to walk down the street to their apartment, taking their new "daughter" with them. Back at the hydrant, the streams of water morphed together, creating a humanoid. An owl hooted above the watery figure and the humanoid shook his head. "I know we can't interfere anymore, Athena. But at least we pushed her in the right direction. They'll find her," he said. "You know they will."