person who would be going places, who'd be exactly what she wanted in the future. The idea of the future made me smile. She's probably be a designer or possibly a future president. He'd kiss her body in the oval office and take her— Stop being such a teenage boy! "Oh, that's nice. I bet a bunch of girls come here a lot then." She said. Percy's wistful smile dropped and he bit his lip to keep from screaming that he only wanted her. He stared at her right in her eyes and said, "I don't really notice, nor care. Most people just won't take a hint on how I feel." In a way, Percy was pleading for her to see him, the guy who was more than what Goode High wanted him to be. The guy who wasn't stuck under Drew's control. The guy who would be anything for her. He cleared my throat to rid the silence and began filling out the few basic parts of her phone that he already knew. "So, let's get started. Name? Annabeth Chase. Date of birth? July 12, 1996. Grade twelve and age seventeen." "How'd you know?" She inquired. He felt himself begin to sweat nervously. There was no way he was telling her that he Facebook stalked her (just a quick look at her page) every once in a while. "Oh, I just um-is it hot in here I think Dr. Goph should turn the AC up," He babbled. "Well, you do look flushed," she pointed out in concern. Great, she thinks you're a freak . Percy tried to continue on with the evaluation. "Okay so I should measure you now, stand up on the scale." Annabeth stood up and walked over to the scale slowly, as if she would fall soon. Percy stood close to her just in case he had to catch her. "You're very light, you know," he said to keep up conversation. "And short. Annabeth scoffed. Her nose wrinkled adorably. "I'm 5"8 I'll have you know." "Thats's perfectly fine." She weighed about 125 pounds. Standing on the scale, Annabeth was only an inch shorter than him, rather than the top of her head meeting his eyes. He liked that she was tall yet still shorter than him. Annabeth stepped off the scale and would have toppled over if Percy hadn't caught her. He held onto her small waist and tried hard not to hug her tightly. His face was so close to hers and he had the perfect opportunity to kiss her but he didn't. She probably didn't feel anything for him, especially if he barely spoke to her. "Be careful, you must have been hit really hard." "Dodgeball's a bitch," she mumbled, making him laugh. It probably wasn't even meant to be a joke but Percy couldn't help himself. "I can tell," he said, swiveling the desk chair around to sit in it. Percy looked down at the sheet and cursed to himself. Dr. Goph left the clipboard with the important personal questions. "When was your last cycle?" Percy grit his teeth to force it out. Annabeth's cheeks turned red. "Oh, um, three days ago." Gross. "Do you smoke, drink, and or participate in secondhand?" "No." The last question blew my mind. "Are you—I'm going to kill Dr. Goph" he mumbled to himself. "Are you...sexually active in any type of way?" He held his breath. "No!" Annabeth answered probably just as mortified as Percy was. Percy checked off the sheet and then bit his lip in frustration. This was her business that he had knowing, yet again he was a little happy. He quickly left the room to give the sheet to Dr. Goph and get her medicine. However Dr. Goph must have gone to tend to a student (or hidden in another room) because he wasn't by the desk. Percy left the sheet on the desk and went into a cabinet for medicine. He went back inside the room to see Annabeth patiently waiting. He handed her the Tylenol. She quickly thanked him and took the dosage. He watched her drink it like a creep. He was a creep. She was too beautiful to not look at and it drove him insane. Her lips looked soft and inviting. Her body was divine. Her legs ran for miles. Were the gym shorts always that short? Did they always cup her ass the way it did, because she looked amazing and not every girl can make gym clothes look good. His mouth moved before he could think. "Did Coach Hedge...change the uniforms?" "What?" She breathed. Don't look at her legs. Don't look at her legs. Don't look at her legs. Damnit Jackson! Stop looking! "Oh, no. I just, I had to borrow an extra pair from...that freshman. Lacy. I left mine at home." Fuck. So she wouldn't dress like that all the time. Again, Percy was still a teenage boy. "Oh well, I guess I'll see you later," he smiled awkwardly. "Later?" Ask her out . "The dance? You're going? Piper told me you were?" Thank the heavens for Jason's girlfriend. "I'm not going. I can't," she said sadly. No! Ask her out, outside of the dance! "Oh well, that's nice." She arched her brows at me in confusion. You dick. He immediately started spewing out words to explain himself. "Not 'nice' as in its good you're not going. I mean it's okay not to go," he rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "It would have been nice to see you there." "You too," was all she said, before smiling at him and walking out the door. Percy don't stare at her ass. Percy huffed and collapsed in the chair suddenly feeling exhausted. Why does talking to your crush take so much energy? Reyna was going to laugh at him as soon as she heard about this. Dr. Goph poked his head into the door. "So how was the check-up?" Percy threw a pen at him.