dreamed about with Annabeth, with this fire raging inside him, they were passionate, fast, teeth clanging, rough kisses. He broke away from her to bruise his lips against her neck and back up to her jaw, as she began to unbutton his shirt. The stirring at built all the way up in his pants, and crotch ached with need. No, he wasn't going slow. He had one moment, to show Annabeth how he felt, and he was going all out. He didn't even have the strength to make it last as long as he should have. Annabeth tightened her grip on his hair and he groaned her name. He took the sweetheart neckline and pushed it down to her waist, right along with her bra, and he hugged her creamy skin when he took her lips again, tongues clashing. Annabeth finally unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it off his shoulders, Percy pulling away to let it drop to the floor. Her fingers trickled down his chest and he felt her tremble the closer they drifted to his belt buckle. Percy took her breasts in his hands, the pads of his thumbs dragging across the hard stubs of her nipples, and he reveled in the mewls that passed through her lips, against his mouth. "The dress—off, take it off," she muttered, pressing open-mouthed kisses against his jaw. Percy clutched her waist and forced the tight thing down past her waist, leaving a large white puff of fabric on the tiled floor. He lifted her in his arms and she wrapped her free and longlegs around his waist, grinding against his—god, it felt amazing. Somehow he made it out of the bathroom without bumping into anything, and he plopped her onto her bed. She gazed up at him with lustful eyes, and her hair was sprawled across the lush comforter like a halo. Percy took in her in, lingering on every part of her body. Her lips were plump and red, and her eyes were hooded. Her breasts heaved deeply, and her lace underwear begged attention. He started at her breasts, kissing between them, taking them into his mouth without hesitation, and moving down, down, lower her body. He bit against her under breasts, drew his tongue along her abdomen, and moved faster the closer he got to her lower region. He caressed her thighs, wherever his fingers touched, his lips found soon after. When his tongue lapped at her wet folds, her gasp and shrieks were music to his ears. "Percy, shit!" She grasped the sheets and arched her back. He sucked and nipped at her clit and slipped a finger inside her. His other hand reached for her breast and Annabeth pulled his head up, and kissed him. She pushed his belt aside with a free hand, and took his member in her hands, making him grunt. She pulled down his jeans and he had to help her, all while she stroked him quickly. It took a lot of willpower not to come apart in her hands. When his jeans slipped past his feet, he pressed Annabeth down into the bed, caging her head with her arms, and thrusted inside her without warning. Annabeth clawed at his back, gaping into his neck. She squeezed him like a glove, and he saw stars. "Yes," she breathed. He took hold of her waist and pumped into her, already knowing he wouldn't last. Annabeth clung to him like a koala, her head thrown back as he drove her to an edge. "Percy, uh, don't—don't stop," she cried into his neck. He sucked at her throat, the pleasure taking him on a rollercoaster ride he would never want to end. "You're mine, Annabeth. Mine , you hear that," he growled in her ear, biting it at the end of his claim, marking her as his. He tweaked at her nipped and her breath hitched beyond her moaning and squeals of pleasure. "Oh god, yes!" She shuddered in his arms and he linked their fingers together, looking into her eyes with a tender expression on his face. Annabeth locked eye contact, her mouth popped open, a hand pressed against his cheek. "Let go, Wise Girl," he gritted his teeth, the feeling of her against him, pushing him past his limit, coming apart right with her. Annabeth cried out and kissed him, holding on tight as they both came. Percy admired her expression, loving how vulnerable and intimate it was, something he had never seen before, and felt so gifted and honored to have had. He didn't even deserve her. He spent about two minutes ravishing her neck and face. "That was—" Percy rolled over onto his back and was about to pull her into his arms, but she sat up quickly instead. "A mistake," she cut him off. The moment—the new best moment of his life ended. He touched her shoulder, "Wise girl…" "Did that just happen?" she weeped. "I can't believe I just did that." Annabeth placed her hands over her face and her shoulder shook so much that he couldn't bear it. Seeing her cry made the guilt settle into his stomach. He wasn't exactly sure what to say. He was happy with what had happened, but not at the cost of hurting Bennett. All he thought about was her, and her alone. "I don't think this was a mistake," he admitted. "We both feel something and—and we…" She wiped the tears falling down her face, and his heart broke all over again. "It shouldn't have happened." "We can talk about this," he tried. "Can you please leave," she whispered. "Annabeth—I love y—" "Go!" She sobbed. "I can't—just please, Percy. Just go." He pursed his lips and sought out for his clothes, leaving her to her thoughts and tears, unsure of where tomorrow would take them. But he sure wasn't going to make a mistake as to letting her go after that night. She wasn't getting away from him that easily, never again.