has, and I don't understand it, what did I do wrong?" She was quietly hiccupping now, overcome with an odd mixture of relief and sorrow. "I will try to talk to her. Maybe she will tell me something." Tom told her, patting her back. They hadn't ever hugged for so long before that day, and she was overwhelmed. It felt so good. She hadn't felt a hug like that from a parent or a friend, ever. "Come now, calm down. Tell me a bit more about your world." Kat pulled back, sniffling. She wiped her eyes with the corner of her blanket and sent Tom a watery smile. "Where do I begin?" "I don't know why you continue to treat her this way!" "I've told you a thousand times she isn't right! She's not normal." "But why? Because she has special genetics? She acts just like the rest of our children, and she's a hell of a lot better than others that I've seen." Kat peered around the doorway carefully, watching her mother and father argue. Over her. Tom was doing what he said; confronting her over her hate. She wasn't supposed to be listening, but Kat wanted to know why- and she wanted to see why Hermes had ever liked her in the first place. "She is evil! She can kill any one of us at any moment, and not to mention she's friends with people and creatures that can do just as much damage. She's unnatural." Tom observed her silently. "You fear her." They stared at each other silently. Kat could only see Tom's face from her angle, but something on her mother's face must have changed because his face softened. "I don't know how to deal with her or her kind. Or her father." She whispered the last part, wringing her hands nervously. Tom pulled her close and gently kissed her on the forehead. "Are you scared of her? She loves you. She wants the affection that you deny her so diligently." "I'm scared of what she represents. She reminds me of Hermes so much; my love for him, and my interest in her world. I can't have that, I need to separate myself from him. If it means taking her from my life, then so be it." Kat moved away from the doorway, downcast. Her mother was willing to deny her love so she could get over Hermes? "You can't get over him some other way?" Tom questioned. "He's a God! From the first moment I saw him, he stole my heart. He is so amazing and gorgeous, and yet I can't have him because Zeus banned the Gods from seeing their mortal lovers and demigod children. Then I met you. You are so special, kind, everything I've ever wanted. But he still holds a place in my heart, and it scares me. I can't let go, like some sort of obsession, and that frightens me." Kat stumbled backwards, heart heavy. Kat trudged down the sidewalk, looking at nothing. She didn't know how to handle her new intel. Her mother… was a very complicated person. She continued walking aimlessly, trying to sift through her thoughts. As she walked, she stumbled off of the sidewalk to cross the street. "Hey watch it moron!" Kat startled backwards, narrowly avoiding a large black limo. She gazed up in annoyance. He was the one speeding! She finally cleared her head and took in her surroundings, frowning. Where the hell was she? "Come and explore the Lotus Casino!" Kat turned around, bristling. How were people sneaking up on her? Was she that distracted? "What's the Lotus Casino?" Kat questioned. The woman, clad in a pretty sparkling green dress, gestured to their left. Kat looked up to take in the large modern building labeled The Lotus Casino. "It's a place where anyone can hang out and have fun for a while. Have a drink, play some games, relax for a bit." "I don't think I can afford that." Kat dismissed the lady, turning around to leave. She hissed as she grabbed her arm and held her back. "It's a free tryout today. Please, I insist, stay a while." Kat looked at the lady nervously. Why the hell did this woman want her in the building so badly? Well, Kat figured, staring at the building, what harm could it do to stay a little while? "Wonderful! Come on in." Kat didn't see her smile become predatory as she led Kat into the building. The demigod looked around in awe, noticing the lavish furniture and opulent decorations. The lady handed her a green card. "Take this pass. It'll allow you access to any room and give you tickets for any game." Before Kat could say anything, the lady shoved her through the double doors, and slammed them closed behind her. Kat was too stupefied to care. "Oh my god!" Kat squealed, taking in the organized chaos. Was that a trampoline in the corner? Pools, a jacuzzi, lounge couches, is that a tennis court out back? There's multiple floors of this! Kat could feel her mood lifting already. If this was really free, she was going to take full advantage of it. Before she could go anywhere, a serving lady approached her with a tray of lotus flower candies. "Try one. It's on the house!" Kat picked one up, looking at it suspiciously, but noticed how all the nearby people rushed towards it and enthusiastically took the rest of them. "It's not poisoned, you can eat it." The serving lady said. Kat nervously chuckled at her before taking a small bite. As she swallowed the surprisingly delicious treat, she could feel her worries melting away. Kat gazed at the trampoline, which had younger kids struggling half-heartedly to jump together and perform tricks. She could feel a bright smile coming over her face, as she felt a fond happiness that she hadn't had in a long while. "Hey guys, let me show you how it's done!"