its various abilities and how it thinks. There won't be some sort of mental war you'll have to conduct against these various thought processes, but they will influence you. I'm sure one day you'll become a bloodthirsty monster capable of keeping all of the other beings in line. That is your ultimate destiny and there is no way to stop it." Once again Percy didn't know what to say. He wanted to shout and fight and deny the reality of what Tartarus said, but he knew there was no point. He had no choice, if he wanted to survive then he had to fight, and if he fought and won he would slowly become more and more like the monsters he slew everyday. It was a terrifying prospect, but one with a way out. Realizing what he could do Percy laughed out loud the laugh of a man already on the brink and spoke to the elder being before him. "I just won't fight, I'll just die and be done. Completely unable to hurt anyone or anything ever again, I won't bend to your will Tartarus, not now, not ever." He finished with a self assured grin and looked at Tartarus, challenging him to deny the possibility. To his horror the pit simply laughed a long and mirthful laugh. When he finally calmed down, Percy's grin now a worried frown, he spoke and shot down the boy's plan of action. "Foolish godling, death is simply a temporary inconvenience. You're immortal and in Tartarus, you are bound here and will simply reform after a couple of years. Decades or centuries it doesn't matter, eventually your mind will deteriorate and my plan will resume. And if I don't want to wait that long? The Lethe is right behind you, a quick dunk will leave a blank slate perfectly willing to do what I want. The time it would take to reacquaint you with your abilities is a mere pittance in comparison to the payoff. And while the Lethe erases memories it cannot take the body's natural abilities away, I could probably leave you with Anaklusmos and go. No matter what you do my plan will succeed." Even though he didn't have a face Percy could easily imagine a self-satisfied smirk upon the primordial's middle eastern features. 'Is there truly nothing I can do? I wish Wise Girl was here, she'd know what to do… actually no I could never wish this upon her, it's better that it's just me.' Steeling his resolve Percy got back to his feet and stared into the Abyss. "Fine, but I'll fight this every step of the way. I just… I just don't want to lose myself." "Good, good. I'd be disappointed if you just lied over and gave in so easily, so please, fight your destiny. It will make seeing you fall all the more enjoyable." With that said Tartarus sank into… himself and was gone. Silence reigned for a few moments as Percy gained his bearings. He didn't know the exact layout of Tartarus so he resigned himself to wandering and surviving. At the very least the prospect of growing stronger was a very attractive. His thoughts were interrupted by a howl from off in the distance, curses, he couldn't think in peace for longer than a second. Facing the direction he had heard the growl from Percy began to walk. Riptide at his side Percy faced his destiny head on, as he always had. ~KOTP~ AN: Well here we are, the first chapter of King of the Pit and I hope you guys liked it. The chapter is a bit short, but it just felt like a good place to stop. To those you read my other works do not worry the plan is the same. Goku the Gamer takes precedence and will not change from its weekly update schedule. A Fox's Touch and this story will be on a bi-weekly update schedule. Of course all of that is subject to change in that I might crank out a chapter in a single night one day when my muse hits me. If things go how I hope they will I'll probably spend the summer getting new chapters out every week. Back to my story what do you readers think? This story will probably have a stark resemblance to that one story that I for the life of me cannot remember the name of, but I don't even remember the plot that well. All I remember is the fact that it's been abandoned and I will never do that to one of my stories. SPOILER ALERT for those of you who can't wait to find out. This will be an evil Percy that has a harem full of monsters, no yaoi shit. I'm on the fence when it comes to lemons, should it be straight bestiality and just weird monster sex or should I give the girls humanoid forms? That's for later. Anyway please be critical because I haven't read PJO or HOO in a while and I might forget details or cool ideas I could use. Also this so a Greek and Roman only universe. I love the concept of all the gods and pantheons existing in the same world, but I haven't read the crossover series nor do I plan on muddying the whole story up by getting too complicated with the lore. I do love the books, but I just don't want to get everything involved. This actually makes things a bit easier for me as it will explain the sheer abundance of monsters since they have to be able to span the entirety of the North American continent. That's all I think, I apologize for grammatical errors, I'm writing from my iPad and google docs just does the weirdest thing when it autocorrects. Please review and be critical of my story or I won't grow as an author. Edit 6/15: got the story onto a word doc, shouldn't be weird anymore.