Hades, where they had been. They filled him in on everything including that Poseidon was pregnant. Triton let out a whoop at the news of having a baby brother or sister. He then let out a fierce growl when he heard all that happened to Zeus. The Olympians shrunk down their thrones and Poseidon summoned a throne for Triton, when an idea popped up in his head. "Zeus?" Poseidon asked. "Yeah?" Zeus replied. "Do you think we need the God of Ships on the Council?" Zeus thought about it. "In my opinion, I think we do need Triton on the Council." Triton's eyes were as wide as saucers. He never imagined being on the Council, since Amphitrite was also telling him that he wasn't good for anything since he was a minor god. Zeus' children all declared that Triton deserved to be on the Council. Poseidon's smile was bright and then declared Triton to be the God of Ships and Earthshaker and as an Olympian. Triton tackled his Papa since he was so happy. Triton then asked why he was now also the God of Earthshaker. Poseidon then replied he never wanted that title and decided to just give it to him. Triton smiled and claimed his throne next to Demeter and Ares. "Hestia?" Poseidon asked. "Yes Brother?" she replied with a smile. "Would you like to be back on the Council?" "Yes. I gave up the throne because Hera convinced me it was the only way to keep peace in the family when Dionysus became a god," she told him sadly. The other Olympians became even angrier with Hera. They couldn't believe that she dared to do that to sweet and loving Hestia. Poseidon then restored Hestia's right to be on the Council and she reclaimed her spot in between Hades and Demeter. Demeter got up and hugged her older sister. The others cheered for her and then got back to the meeting. "Was there anything really to talk about at the meeting?" Hades asked. "How about Dionysus' time at Camp Half-Blood?" Zeus replied. "Yeah! Tell us about it," Apollo exclaimed. Dionysus laughed and smiled at his brother. "Okay. I will Apollo. Lets see…I got the Ares and Hephaestus cabins to get along finally. They thought Ares and Hephaestus were still having fights over Aphrodite. The Aphrodite cabin has shunned their mother for what she was doing to Hephaestus. I helped the Hermes cabin to restore their cabin to what it looked like before. The Apollo cabin didn't really need any help, except I had to tell them to stop cursing the Ares cabin with rhymes. The Demeter cabin had no problem, but Katie Gardner." "What was Katie doing?" Demeter asked. "She kept trying to strangle the Stoll twins with roots just for walking by her. She also tried to claim that they pulled pranks on her and the cabin, but her siblings debunked her story pretty quickly. I actually diminished her powers by making it so she can't use any roots or plants to strangle them." "Okay. I understand," Demeter reassured him. "The Hunters were never a problem at all, seeing how Artemis told them they could date boys if they like. The Poseidon cabin, I have had no trouble from Percy, but it was hard trying to help him control his powers. He can control water better now than when he first started off at camp. I also found out that he could cause earthquakes when he is angry or upset. He is always polite to the other campers and he was the only one to try and help Thalia when she appeared on the ground because of the Golden Fleece bringing her back to live, but Luke snapped out of it pretty quickly when Percy began to carry her." "Do you know how Thalia is doing?" Zeus asked. "No, but I did ask Percy and Luke to help her get use to camp and gave her permission to go in my cabin if she felt lonely being in your cabin. I told Pollux and Castor that there was a chance Thalia might join them in the middle of the night and they told me that they would welcome her with open arms," Dionysus replied with a smile. Zeus also returned the smile. "Do you think we should check and see if they are still in the dungeons?" Hephaestus asked. "Might as well," Poseidon replied with a sigh. He summoned the still chained Athena and Aphrodite, who were glaring daggers at him. Hades summoned the chains that use to be holding Hera. They both sent them back to the dungeons. "Shit!" Artemis exclaimed. "She could be anywhere," Hestia said. "Where is she not allowed?" Demeter asked. "Camp Half-Blood Hill," Dionysus said. "And Camp Jupiter," Zeus replied. "Lupa hasn't been liking Juno's attitude lately." "I think you should stay at Camp Half-Blood right now until we find Hera," Poseidon said with worry laced in voice. "I am not going to argue with you," Zeus said honestly. "I will go to Camp Half-Blood as well," Dionysus stated. Poseidon nodded his head in agreement. He told the two of them to leave as soon as possible. Artemis flashed out to tell her Hunters to start searching for Hera. The rest gathered around a map and immediately put markers of where Hera liked to be. Zeus and Dionysus quickly flashed out of the throne room and into the Big House at Camp Half-Blood. A moment later, Thalia came running through the front door with Percy and Luke right behind her. She smiled and then tackled Zeus with a hug. Zeus had to bend down a little to fully hug her. Percy and Luke were both gasping for air by the door, but still smiling to see Thalia happy. Dionysus smiled at seeing Thalia happy. Thalia eventually released Zeus from her hug, but she refused to let go of his hand. This got Luke and Percy to smile even bigger at her.