he thought they were. Chiron nodded gravely. "I do believe that part was referring to the two of you." Schizt. "This is karma for asking why we needed to be concerned about the Oracle, isn't it." Will expected Chiron to- well, not laugh, but take it as a joke, but the old centaur simply said, "I would not put it past the Moirae, Will." That night, the campfire was in full swing. Whenever the Romans visited, Chiron and Lupa temporarily abolished cabin and cohort restrictions during mealtimes and campfires. They said it was to give all the campers a learning experience, but everyone knew it was to let the Seven (now Six) sit together. Nico dragged Will, Lou Ellen, and Cecil to sit with Reyna, Coach Hedge, Mellie, Chuck and Clarisse. Will wasn't exactly intimidated by Reyna or the Coach, but he gave Chuck, who was punching the air with angry baby fists, a wide berth. He still hadn't forgotten delivering that baby. It still gave him nightmares, even though Chuck was cute and Will was godfather. That was the other shocking (and disturbing) part. Will was a godfather , and Clarisse was the godmother. Ugh. Lou Ellen was scowling at Hazel. Will didn't quite understand their rivalry, but he suspected it had something to do with Hazel's magic. Hazel seemed to notice Lou Ellen glaring daggers in her back, and turned from her seat with the Seven. She scowled briefly at Lou Ellen, then caught sight of Nico and grinned. She leapt out of her seat and went over to Nico. "Come on! Sit with us!" She said. Nico hesitated, then let her drag him away. Will had a sudden urge to slap Hazel and take Nico back. Whoa, there , Will reprimanded himself. Nico is not your patient any more. You can't be so possessive over him, no matter how injury-prone he is. Somehow, he got the felt that that feeling was about something not doctor-related, though. Everyone was in a festive mood. This was the first time since the end of the war that the two camps had gotten together, and almost everyone wanted to get to know their new siblings and cousins. Of course, some people, like Quincy Matthews of Ares and Patel Vix from the First Cohort were resolutely refusing to acknowledge or even tolerate the presence of the other demigods, an attitude Will was afraid would be exacerbated by the quest. After several minutes of relaxing (and avoiding the thought that this might be his last night at Camp Half-Blood), Will was called to the center along with his siblings. This was the one part of campfires that Will didn't much like. Even though, like Kayla, Jack, Austin, Beryl, Layla, Victoria, and little Matty, he had perfect pitch, he wasn't much of a musician. He could sing and play instruments on key, and that was about it. Will always tried to look as confident as he could while hiding behind his ukelele, the only instrument he was more than decent at. However, today he was going to be joined by several Roman children and descendants- legacies - of Apollo, and as the only leader, Will was expected to lead the singing. He just hoped that none of them were as awful as Octavian. Will managed to get by two cheesy songs-Grandmother Goes to War, and the Armor Song by playing the ukulele. Then Vincent, a Roman from the Fourth Cohort, ruined it. "Let's let our Greek leader lead a song now!" He said with an competitive grin. "We wouldn't want to delegate him to the ukulele , now would we?" Will generally wouldn't have been riled up, but something about the Roman kid just set him off. Maybe it was the lingering Greek-Roman rivalry, even though that was supposed to be healed by the Athena Parthenos, or maybe Vincent just reminded him of a certain other descendant of the Sun God. Will stiffly pushed his ukulele into Kayla's arms, as the fourteen year old girl gave him a concerned look. He told Austin to break out his guitar. Ignoring the question of "Are you sure," Will marched over to Vincent, looked him straight in the eye, and said, "Sure." The campers started to have a competitive edge to them, too. Hermes and Mercury kids were exchanging bets, and Greeks and Romans were grouping up. The only ones who seemed to not be affected were, strangely enough, Vivian E, Tori Foster, and Sam Chance, the three children of Nike. A little bit of uncertainity leaked into Will's mind. What on earth could he sing? It wasn't as if he was the best musician in the world. He looked up at the area where his friends were sitting. He could see their faces. Cecil was grinning in a I can't wait to see my friend screw up! kind of way, and Lou Ellen was almost ready to march down and smack Hazel in the face. He didn't see Nico for one panicky moment, before he spotted him squeezed between Hazel and Jason. Nico looked both annoyed and happy at the same time, an expression only he seemed to be capable of. Will smiled as he thought up the perfect song to sing. He leaned back and told Austin, whose expression had changed from worried to challenging. He looked straight at Nico and sang, ¨ Hold on to me as we go, as we roll down this unfamiliar road. Although this wave is stringing us along, Just know youŕe not alone. 'Cause I'm gonna make this place your Home.¨ Will only looked at Nico as the rest of the Apollo Cabin backed him up with the Ooh-ooh-ooh ooooh part of the song. ¨ Settle down, it'll all be clear, Pay no mind to the demons, they fill you with fear. The trouble, it might drag you down, If you're lost you can always be found. Just know you're not alone. I'm gonna make this place your home.¨