long time that Ares played boyfriend for Aphrodite, never had he seen her in such anger. Even when he had killed that sissy Adonis did she become like… this – for the lack of a better term. When he saw, with his battle-hardened senses, that the goddess was about to turn, he made sure to vanish to the mini-bar – deciding that a cold, hard drink was always fine in place of a(n angry) woman's touch. Aphrodite was sure that by the time Percy had come back from his date, he'd be in a relationship with Artemis – hidden or not. She figured that her kissing Percy should've made Artemis see that she truly wasn't joking about him. She had been alone sitting by the cliffside, overlooking the beach that the party was still going on, watching the moon rise brightly when she felt Percy approach her. "So I'd assume that you and Artemis are together now?" Aphrodite asked without turning to look behind her. "W-what are you talking about? Like I said, the whole dinner was just for me to give the apples to the Hunt." "Artemis didn't do or say anything to you after the "date"?" Aphrodite asked incredulously. "She...felt the effects of the apples on her and her Hunters?" Percy asked, unsure if that was what Aphrodite wanted to hear. "Hmm…" Aphrodite didn't know whether to be happy or mad that Artemis didn't do anything. "Is she underestimating me? Well, it doesn't matter. It's her loss." When Aphrodite didn't respond much than a hum, Percy had his mind jumping to conclusions. Aphrodite always had a scheme after all. "What did you do?" With no response, Percy took hold of Aphrodite's shoulder and turned her to face him. "What is it?" The calm, if a bit surprised, look on Aphrodite's face made Percy's "anger" wither down to a mild, patient irritation. "Did you do something that I should know about?" Percy watched Aphrodite shift from surprised, serious-contemplating, and finally serenity before she stood up to face him properly, and answered. "I told Artemis that I was serious about you." "Wha-" "I'm sorry about awhile ago." She cut Percy before continuing. "This should already be obvious, but I feel that my actions just make you forget that I am also a goddess of pleasure. Just like how you're a son of Poseidon - that when you're angry you can't help but let your power loose in some quake or wave somewhere. So, when you kissed me, albeit only at the cheek, that power was also let loose that I kissed you back, though on the lips." She turned to look anywhere but his eyes, but didn't move away just to let him know that she wasn't merely making up excuses for her actions. What she was telling him was the truth. "It's not like I slept with every other man because I fell in love with them. I am also the goddess of beauty. If I found someone to be good-looking, then my other domains would get affected - it would just so happen that I'm also the goddess of pleasure." She laughed sadly at this. "It's in my...nature to sleep with them." "T-then-" Percy cleared his throat to ease his guilt with how he had always treated her."That would mean that you being a love goddess made you fall in love with them afterwards too though." He couldn't help himself from voicing it out like a question - wanting to convince himself that he had been rejecting her because her confessions weren't true. At this, Aphrodite faced Percy back - her eyes focusing on his, trying to make Percy see that she was very much sincere. "No. Love is such a powerful thing, Percy. Pleasure and Beauty aren't above Love that they could affect it. Even I, as the goddess of love, can only observe it - sense it from the beings that express it, but never manipulate it." There was silence between the two of them for a while before Percy felt Aphrodite's hand cup his cheek. "I'm truly sorry about awhile ago. But I want you to know that I was serious." "I love you." She gave him a small smile before flashing away - not in the usual pink but in a red light; leaving a warm feeling instead of a cloud of perfume. Percy had been disconcerted. He felt like a hypocrite - having told off the Hunters of being discriminatory of him simply because he was male when he was doing the same to Aphrodite. He didn't even know anything about the love goddess, yet he was so quick to judge. But, it shouldn't really matter. A simple apology to the goddess should be enough. He was already in love with the moon goddess, wasn't he? She was the one who helped him when he was hurting with Annabeth. The one to give him a purpose when all he wanted to do was die. "It wasn't like you would've given Aphrodite the chance in the first place." Something in his subconscious mind argued. "Because she would've only wanted to get closer to me physically!" "And look where that line of thinking got you. She just told you why that was, didn't she?" "I-I'm already in love with Artemis." "She doesn't feel the same. You've tried enough. Isn't it about time you let yourself be loved in return?" Percy wasn't able to argue back. No matter how much he told himself that he was in love with the moon goddess, it'd be useless if the sentiment wasn't returned. Wasn't that the reason why he joined the Hunt in the first place? The one he loved didn't love him back. "Maybe I should give Aphrodite a chance…" A/N: It's not really that much. I've thought of how it could proceed further, but in the mean time, I just wanted to post this because it was Valentine's and all. Tell me what you think of it?