monsters in the eye. "Surprised to see us, demigods?" One hissed. "Now really isn't the time," Percy said, holding his sword in front of him, waiting for either one to charge. "Oh, I'm sorry," The second gorgon cooed. "Is us avenging our sister's death inconvenient for you? Should we reschedule?" "Of course, a sarcastic monster," Percy said. He pulled something out of his pocket, handing it to Annabeth. "Hold this for me, I'll lose it," He said before charging at the gorgons. Annabeth looked at the small ring box in her hand. Briefly forgetting there were monsters attacking her boyfriend, she flipped it open, finding a gold ring with a pearl adorning it. "Percy, what the hell is this?" She yelled, putting it in her pocket regardless and drawing her knife. "Of course you peeked," Percy rolled his eyes, dodging a blow from the gorgon. "This really isn't going as planned." "What isn't going as planned?" Annabeth asked. "What are you doing that you needed a plan?" "You're the smart one, you haven't guessed?" Percy asked. After years of training and facing monsters, the demigods had gotten fighting them down. Percy turned his attention to his gorgon, slicing her head off with one clean swipe. Her scream distracted her sister, letting Annabeth get in a good shot on hers, leaving her and Percy alone once again. "Percy Jackson, you aren't doing what I think you're doing, are you?" Annabeth asked. "Well, can I get that back for a second?" Percy asked, pointing to her pocket. She fished the ring box out, tossing it to him. Her heart raced under her camp shirt. Percy knelt on the ground in front of her. "I couldn't think of a better place to do this, it seemed right to do it here." "Percy-," Annabeth started, feeling tears forming in her eyes. "Annabeth Chase," Percy interrupted. "I have been in love with you from the moment you told me I had drool on my face. I'm not a words guy, you know this, but I can tell you that I want to be with you forever, for however long that means for us doing what we do and being what we are. So, Annabeth, will you marry me?" "Of course your proposal involves 'I'm not a words guy'," Annabeth laughed. "Is that a yes or a no, Wise Girl?" He asked. "It's a 'Hell yes', Seaweed Brain." Annabeth knew it was a silly superstition, but she still had covered her gown up with her old denim jacket. Nico walked up to her from the Big House where he'd left Percy sitting back to back with an empty chair. "He's your problem now," Nico said, giving an expression Annabeth could almost describe as a smile. Well, at least, a Nico smile. "I'm used to it at this point," Annabeth said. In the years that passed, Nico had grown taller than her, which only bothered her a little bit. Nico shoved his hands into his pockets. "I should go find Will, he's supposed to help with the pictures," He'd never been good with sentiment, but Annabeth heard him mutter "you look really nice" before walking away. Annabeth took a deep breath, not exactly sure what she was afraid of. She'd just talked to Percy last night before they went back to their cabins for the last time. But in fifteen minutes, they'd be getting married. Percy sat with his hands over his eyes like a small child playing hide and seek. He looked just as out of place as she did in formal wear, but he still looked just as handsome as he always did. Suddenly, all doubts about being too young flew out the window. She was sure she wanted to be with this boy when she was sixteen and she was sure she would want to be with him at six hundred. "You figured out the tie, I see," Annabeth said, sitting down in the chair behind him, resting her head against his shoulder. "My dad did, actually," Percy admitted sheepishly. "Are you okay, Percy?" Annabeth asked. "Are you?" He asked. Annabeth laughed. "Of course I am," She said. And this time she actually meant it. "Can I ask you something?" Percy asked, dropping his hand down to hold hers. "We can't elope, Jackson, our wedding is in a few minutes," She joked. "I'm serious," He said, laughing regardless. "Well, what is it?" Annabeth asked, squeezing his hand, calloused from so many battles. She was sure hers felt much the same. "Why do you love me?" He asked, his tone much more serious now. "Are you kidding, Percy?" Annabeth asked, sitting up straighter. "After all that we've been through, you have no clue why I love you?" She could feel Percy shrug against her shoulders. She let out an exasperated laugh. "You really are as dumb as you look." "You love me because I'm dumb?" Percy asked. Annabeth hit his arm from behind. "I love you because you're my best friend," She said. "I could fight titans or giants or gods or monsters with you for the rest of forever if it meant I was with you for the rest of forever." "I love you too," Percy said. Annabeth could hear his goofy grin seeping into his voice. They held hands in silence for a moment, Percy rubbing his thumb across Annabeth's. "I've decided," Annabeth said. "On what?" Percy asked. "On the name," Annabeth said. "Your mom worked hard to keep Jackson going and it'd be rude not to honor that." "So?" "So," Annabeth said. "I'll be Annabeth Jackson." Percy squeezed her hand. "I really like the sound of that." "On one condition," Annabeth said. "Oh gods, what?" Percy asked. "Our first kid has to be Chase." "It works for a boy or a girl," Percy laughed. "I'm okay with that." "Well, I guess it's time to go then," Annabeth said. "You ready, Seaweed Brain?" "I've been ready for this for seven years, Wise Girl."