Goddess of force and raw energy! she looked crazy with her golden wings and fiery-red floor length tunic. Gah! No one knows me! I ve always been outshined by Ares! Argus and Tyson came in with chains and strapped her to the stretcher. Bad goddess goes bye-bye. Tyson said as they carried her out. It d been nice for Percy having his brother help out at camp Half-Blood instead of work in their dad s castle. As they watched the crazy goddess be escorted out of Bunker 9, Leo laid against the wall. Where s Calypso? he said his face falling. Little flames began to dance in his hair. Where is she? his voice cracked. Everyone stared at him. Leo! Piper yelled to him as he stood and ran out of the bunker. After a few days Leo was still nowhere to be seen. Calypso hadn t been real, and Leo could still die. He swore on the river Styx to get Calypso off that island. An Oath to Keep With a Final Breath. Then Calypso was gone, and Leo had gone into hiding. If only he would turn up. One morning everyone had headed down to breakfast late. No one was sitting at the right table. Everyone was eating waffles and fruit salad. Suddenly a flaming ball of light came down from the sky and crashed into the lake. Jason and Percy ran down to the lake and returned with Leo and Calypso slung over their shoulders. Someone get stretchers. gasped Percy under the weight of a surprisingly muscular Leo. Argus came from the kitchen with two stretchers. They threw them onto the stretchers and carried them to the infirmary. Leo awoke with Piper crowding his face. Ah! he shrieked. What are you doing? Piper backed away and sat on the chair next to the bed. It was my turn to watch you. Leo scrunched up his face. And watching me means you breathe in my face?! Piper blinked. Yes. Leo sat up. Where s Calypso? Piper stood and pulled back the curtain behind her. Calypso laid there still unconscious with tubes keeping her breathing. She breathed in too much water from the lake and it was really dangerous for her to leave the island. At least that s what we suppose. Leo started to get out of the bed but Piper stopped him. You probably shouldn t do that. Leo pulled back the covers suspicious of Piper s motives. Umm, Piper? Why do I have a cast on the foot. Piper pulled crutches from under the bed. Congratulations! Your foot s broken! Leo frantically started to glance around. Ohmegods! I can t walk!? Ahh! What am I gonna do!? I m gonna die! Leo sobbed dramatically. Piper continued to stare at him. You re NOT gonna die. her charmspeak washed over Leo. Yes ma am, Ms. Beauty Queen. he agreed. Besides, it s only your foot. Leo rolled his eyes. Hand me the crutches. Piper handed them over and he stood up. Leo hobbled over to Calypso and turned the chair to sit next to her bed. When will she wake up? Piper sighed. I don t know. I think the most important question is how you got her here. Leo turned the chair to face her. Maybe we should have a meeting. Everyone met in the big house rec room around the ping pong table. A few of the Hermes kids were trying to set ping pong balls on fire while everyone else looked for the fire extinguisher. Piper went into the rec room and announced Leo. Hi everyone! Leo s back and conscious! everyone clapped and cheered and the hermes kids threw the ping pong balls into the air. The Apollo kids knowing how stupid that was, shot the ping pong balls with water arrows. Leo shrieked as the broken ping pong balls fell on his head. Chiron rose from his wheelchair and walked over to him. Leo. Percy appeared over his shoulder, or whatever it s called on a horse-excuse me, centaur. Leo! Hey! So one question. How the heck did you get Calypso here, man? Leo sighed. I guess you all want to hear my awesome story don t you? Because it s quite simple, I just built a giant catapult and flung myself into the sky. Chiron looked startled. Leo! There was no guarantee that was going to work! Why would you take that risk? he yelled. Leo looked up at him. I just... I couldn t live without Calypso. I mean either way I could ve died. Leo stared down. But she could die now and I never really thought about it. Annabeth pushed her way through the people and stood in front of him. Leo... and she pulled him into a hug. Suddenly Jason, Piper, Frank, Hazel, Nico, and Percy joined in on the hug. Leo sniffled through the pile of people hugging him. Soon everyone backed away. Leo, Calypso s gonna be okay. said Jason. How do you know that? Jason put his hand on his shoulder. Because I m awesome. And because she s standing right behind you. Leo spun around. Calypso! You re okay! They pulled each other into a hug. They tore away from each other holding hands. Leo stood facing Calypso and pulled a small box from his jean pocket. He bent on one knee and said, Calypso, will you marry me? Epilogue A few years later after Calypso and Leo had married, they had two children. A boy and a girl. The boy looked like his mom with shiny blonde hair and the girl looked like her dad with curly brown hair and a mischievous grin. By that time, Percy and Annabeth, Jason and Piper, and Hazel and Frank, were all married. Nico and Reyna had just gotten engaged. Annabeth was pregnant with a girl and Piper with twins. No one know what adventures lay before them but it sure as heck will be exciting.