we will wake you up with a trumpet to your ears." Tobias, another son of Ares, said. "Nah, that would disturb the unclaimed and minor demigods though." Clarisse mumbled. "Although, if you want to do it, make sure you wake the Hermes' as well." … At noon, the Ares' campers returned back to their cabin. Yes, it's seems weird since most of the time, they will spend time in the training ground. But since today is one of their own's birthday… Sherman gasped once he spotted Ares, the God of War himself was standing in front of the Cabin Five's porch. "D-dad?!" "The one and only," Ares said, as he held up two pieces of paper. "I've got a ticket for match between the Knicks and the Pacers, and we will have a dinner at your favorite steakhouse in downtown. So, are you ready to leave, soldier?" Sherman immediately stiffened his stance and make a salute, although he was grinning while doing so. "Sir, yes sir!" "Good," Ares smiled at his son's antic. "Clarisse, you're in charge of your siblings." "Am I not already?" Clarisse smirked. "Good girl," Ares smiled, proudly. And that's how Ares celebrated his kids' birthday. Athena Annabeth was reading a book about history of Olympus, when she heard someone called her, "Annabeth?" She turned to the speaker, and smiled. "Hello, James. What do you need?" James Sharp was the newest addition of Cabin Six and possibly the youngest, due to the fact that he was 6 years old when he entered the Camp. And today is the day when he turned 9. "Today is my birthday. Do you think Chiron would let me leave the Camp to visit my dad? *) " James asked. Annabeth's eyes widened. "Today is your birthday?! Why you didn't tell me earlier? Come on, we're going to announce this to everyone in camp pavilion." James startled at this. "Uh… n-no thanks. That won't be necessary… I just want to visit my dad." Annabeth nodded, understanding. "Alright, we'll head to Chiron— " When she said that, a satyr came to both of them. "Annabeth! Chiron wants you to bring your brother, James Sharp to the Big House immediately!" "What a convenient! We were just about to go there." James grinned. "Do you think Chiron knows about my birthday?" Annabeth's smiles faltered a bit and turned into a genuine curiosity as she answered. "I'm not sure, but I have a bad feeling about this…" … "Ah, Annabeth. Thank you for bringing young James with us," Chiron greeted. "James, someone wants to see you." Annabeth was about to reply, before James speak first. "Really! Who is it?! Who is it?! Is it my aunt? Oh, oh! Is it Mr. Ackles from my school? Or— " Chiron smiled at the young demigod enthusiasm, even Annabeth smiled a little at her half-brother's antic. "No, James. Your mother is here." As soon as Chiron said that, Athena appeared besides him, beautiful and scary at the same time. The Goddess of Wisdom smiled at her youngest son. "Hello, James. It had come to my attention that today is your 7th birthday." James raised his eyebrows. "It's 9 actually." Athena ignored him, instead she materialized a grey-wrapped gift on her hand, and give it to James. "Open it." Annabeth give a concerned look toward him, as he unwrapped the gift, careful not to hurt himself in the process. (paper cut is not to be underestimate with) James has a blank expression on his face when he pulled out a mechanical owl from the gift box. "Mother? Is this— " "Yes, this is the replica of my mechanical owl—created by Hephaestus himself and designed by me." Athena explained, sounded quite proud on the last one. "You can use this owl to send message to anyone, spying on the enemy, and it could be a good pet for you as well." "It looked like an actual owl." James commented. "Indeed. James, don't leave the Camp just yet. You still need much to learn and to train. You can still communicate to your father by using this mechanical owl instead," Athena explained, before she begins to teleport back to Olympus. "Farewell, James. Make me proud." Athena said, with the tone that sounded more like, 'if you don't, I will punish you. No matter if you are my son or not.' And with that, Athena disappeared in a grey light. Annabeth exhaled as she realized that she had been holding her breath during the duration of Athena's visit. "James?" she looked to a stiff looking son of Athena. "Are you… okay?" James looked at the owl, fear visible in his face as he threw at the owl as far as possible from him. "James! Why are you doing that?" Annabeth asked, concerned. "It's a gift from Athena herself." Surprising her, James curled down and sobbing. Chiron looked deeply concerned at this, as he tried to comfort the young demigod. "It's alright, James… It's alright…" Chiron sighed as Annabeth gave him a questioning looks. "I-I was really surprised that Athena doesn't know about James' condition or what happened to his father." "What do you mean, Chiron? What happened with James? What happened with his mortal father?" Annabeth asked. Chiron looked grim. "James Sharp has two phobias. One is arachnophobia—like the rest of you. The other… is oclaphobia …" Annabeth gasped. "James… is afraid of owls ? But how? Owl is Athena's sacred animal." Chiron nodded, sadly. "And about James' father… Andrew Sharp died, murdered by a crazy mortal. He was wearing an owl mask and sadly, James happened to be there, witnessing it." Annabeth's eyes widened at the horrifying revelation. She then kneeled down to James' level and comforting him. And that's why the Athena's demigods never like it when Athena decided to visit them. It's true that Athena is a wise goddess, but she makes a terrible mother. *) What he meant is visiting his dad's grave. AUTHOR NOTE: Hope you like it!