about Amanda and the monsters, about Mommy and Daddy. Then the closet door opened. Lizzy stuck her head out. "Are t-they g-g-gone?" she stuttered. "Yah," I whispered. All of them. Mommy and Daddy and the dogs and the monsters. Gone. I honestly don't remember much else from that night, I remember Mr. Park calling more police officers and a huge police investigation going on, it turned out that Amanda was okay, she had been knocked out though. I feel more tears come to my eyes as I think of the day they died, it was painful to think about, even six years later, I still think about them almost every day. Why did they have to die? Why? I didn't deserve this, I never really knew my parents, I was only five when they died. The rain had stopped. I let my mind calm down. Why did they have to die? I think of when I heard that Amanda had been hit by a car. I was sitting in the Big House of Camp Half Blood, that night the funeral for Percy and Annabeth would be held, Camp was packed, with hundreds coming to say good bye to the heroes. A girl named Willow burst into the room, Willow was a child of Demeter and she had long brown hair and willow green eyes, go figure. "Amanda Thompson was hit by a car!" She panted, Chiron, who was with me stood up. "Is she okay? Tell me!" He said, his voice urgent. "She is in critical condition, we have her here," Willow had said. "She's with the Apollo medics." Chiron rushed out of the room, probably going to see Amanda. I didn't, I just sat there. Amanda had been hit by a car and might die. I let my thoughts think about that. My parents died for nothing? I asked myself. I started crying, the tears streaming down my face and onto my lap; Amanda had been hit by a car and might die. More tears slide down my face as I look at the rain, Amanda had died three days after being hit by a car, some thought a drunk driver, some thought suicide, I think that Amanda just wasn't looking where she was going. I think about when Amanda died. I was sitting by her bedside, the steady beep of the hospitals machines slowly driving me insane, we had moved Amanda to a mortal hospital when we couldn't stop all of the bleeding. It was my turn to watch her, the beep, beep was getting longer apart. I sighed and opened my book. It was the same book I was reading when Mommy and Daddy died, I was staying with Aunt Hazel and Uncle Frank. I opened the book 'The bird goes tweet' , I read the book slowly. I felt angry, bitter, sad, confused, and most of all, dead. I felt dead on the inside, almost my whole life had been built around Mommy and Daddy, now they were gone and the person they died to protect was dying. It wasn't fair. I stood up and threw the damned book across the room, it hit the wall with a thud, the same sound that Amanda had made when she hit the wall and fell to the floor. I suddenly felt sick. I hated my life. I hated Amanda. I hated Camp. I hated this hospital. I hated the gods. I fell to my knees on the floor; this was horrible. Then the beeping stopped and was replaced with one long beep, it went on and on and didn't stop. I backed out of the room, I turned and ran down the hall. I continued to run, I wasn't going to stop, tears were now running down my cheeks as I ran. About a hour later I got the news that Amanda had died. I felt mad when I thought of the memory, Stupid Amanda, why did she have to die? My parents' deaths were in vain, I hope she went to the fields of punishment. I stood up and kicked at a weed that was growing, I hate life, I only have my sister now, Dad's mom committed suicide soon after dad died and Mom's family didn't want me. I only have my sister left. I got up and walked away, my hands in my pockets, I grabbed a water bottle from my back pack, I opened it and threw some water into the air, I turned the water into vapor and walked into it, I thought of Camp Half-Blood and I felt a tugging, it literally felt like I was being ripped into a million pieces, it hurt a lot, that's why I don't do it often. My vision went black and I was sucked into the vapor. The vapor appeared at camp and my body formed out of it, I fell onto my bed in the Poseidon cabin, Lizzy slept in the Athena cabin most of the time but sometimes she slept in the Poseidon cabin. I got up and left the cabin, I ran to the big house and climbed up to the roof, I sat there, looking out at the camp, campers where starting to head to dinner but most of them were still doing their activities, the Apollo cabin was at archery, the Athena cabin was playing volleyball. I sighed, life was horrible, life was miserable, life was stupid. I stood up, balancing at the edge of life and death. I turned to walk away from the edge of the roof, then a slipped. I fell and slid off the roof, plummeting to the ground, it felt like slow motion, my hair whipped in my face, the wind was howling, there were screams from the campers, my life flashed in my eyes. I felt tears leak from my eyes, the droplets flying away in the wind. Then I hit the ground. And thats it! I hope you enjoyed and no flames please!