Nico's inner voice sounded exactly like his father. You keep so much from everyone, but she's seen how your mind works. Your pride, your anger, your fear. She can guess your thoughts more accurately than anyone. You can stay silent all you want, but like it or not, you're no longer alone. Suddenly, the light switch seemed to flick on in Nico's head. " That's what Reyna did," he murmured. "Perspective." Will nodded. "She told me what it's like in your head," he said. "At least a bit. She knows that sort of thing, right?" Nico nodded. "Yeah," he replied. "I told you about the trip home with the Athena Parthenos. It was let Reyna in or we'd all die. We learned a lot." "I can imagine." Will's voice was soft, but he didn't seem upset or angry. He just looked desperate, as though he was reaching for something he couldn't live without, something just beyond his reach. "Nico, I don't want to change you. I really do love you exactly the way you are." Nico opened his mouth to reply, but Will reached forward and covered Nico's mouth with his hand. "Let me finish," he said carefully. "I fell in love with you before I'd ever realized what that love was going to do to me . I swear I don't mean to be overprotective, I just worry about you." Nico glared, and pulled Will's hand away from his face. "I know that," he said plaintively. "Why else would I let you get away with it?" "But that doesn't make it okay," Will said firmly. "I don't ever want you to think that I just want to change you, or fix you, or that I don't love you because you're not perfect." He leaned in and pressed his lips to Nico's. The kiss was so soft and gentle, Nico wondered if Will really was afraid he would break. He resigned himself to it. No matter what Will thinks, he's always going to care too much, Nico thought wryly. He wouldn't be Will if he didn't. When they finally broke apart, Will cupped Nico's face in his hands. "I love you," he said slowly, "For exactly who you are. You're not just a demigod, a son of Hades, or a controller of ghosts. You're Nico di Angelo, and I love all of you." Nico was speechless. He didn't have any words to say. It was like his brain had been fried the minute Will opened his mouth. It was a long moment before Nico was able to collect his thoughts enough to say anything. Will was patient and understanding, waiting calmly for Nico's reply. The first time Nico said it, his voice was so quiet Will couldn't even hear what he said. "What?" he asked. "I said," mumbled Nico, "Even if I don't know who all of me is?" " Especially then," Will promised. "I want to be right beside you when you figure it out." This time it was Nico who initiated the hug. He buried his face in Will's shoulder, his fingers clinging to his shirt like a child with his favorite stuffed animal. Will pulled him in, relieved by the enormous weight that had been lifted from his shoulders. He'd managed to say his piece, just as he'd promised himself he would, and Nico was still here. "Hey Will?" Nico's voice was quiet. Will leaned down to hear. "I love all of you too," Nico said softly. "Even if you are overprotective. I don't really want to change you either." At that moment, even through all of the drama, neither Will nor Nico could help it. They burst out laughing. The next morning, Will caught up with Jason on their way to breakfast. "Hey, Jason!" he called, jogging up beside him. "Oh hey," Jason greeted him warmly. "How was New Rome? I didn't, uh, get a chance to ask you. Y'know, yesterday." They both shuddered at the thought of that horrible moment when Will had first arrived back at camp. "It was good," Will answered truthfully. "Not exactly fun, but I got what I needed." "I thought so," Jason commented lightly, glancing over at the dining pavilion. "Nico looks like he's in a much better mood today." The son of Hades had beat them both to breakfast, and was sitting at the Poseidon table with Percy. Something must have been funny, because they were both laughing. Will smiled. "We're both better," he said contentedly. "I just wanted to say thanks, Jason. I hate to think what could have happened if I hadn't gone to New Rome. Nico and I, we really owe you one." Jason waved his hand dismissively. "It's fine, man," he said. "You guys are my friends. You'd do the same for me." "Of course," Will said with a nod. "You need help with anything, let me know." Will turned to go, but Jason reached out a hand to stop him. "Hey, Will?" The son of Apollo turned, a question on his face. "I just wanted to say thanks to you, too," Jason said with a smile. "Nico's a good friend, and you do a lot for him. Even if he doesn't always appreciate it, I do." "Oh, I wouldn't worry about him being appreciative," Will said vaguely, a Cheshire grin on his lips. "We've made an arrangement." Jason held up his hand. "I don't want to know," he said with a chuckle, and headed off to breakfast. "Oy, Will!" Nico's voice rang out across the pavilion. "Get over here!" Nico called, gesturing with his fork. "It's been half an hour and no one's told me I should eat healthier yet!" Grinning, Will called, "If you have another stack of pancakes the size of your head, I'll tell your grandmother on you!" he teased. "See how you like bran cereal for a month!" Laughing, he headed for the seat next to Nico. After all, someone had to keep the Ghost King in line. The End