not, I needed you to hear them." "Gods can't enter the Isles of the Blest?" Luke asked absentmindedly, willing Hermes to finish the conversation. He had never felt comfortable around his father, and he didn't at that moment either; he struggled internally trying to determine if Hermes' words were or genuine or not. "Not without Hades throwing a hissy fit, at the very least. He doesn't like the rest of us interfering with his territory. And, Luke, although us Gods do have a hard time moving on from old ways and grudges, we try to do our best to leave the past in the past. Visiting the dead is not looked upon lightly." Silence hung between them. Luke looked anywhere but at his father as Hermes continued to stare at him imploringly. "I should probably go inside," Luke mumbled. Although he felt a slight tinge of nervousness at the prospect of entering the unknown, he figured that the Isles of the Blest would be overall amazing – and definitely more pleasant than his conversation with Hermes. Hermes drew a reluctant Luke closer to him and uttered something in an unknown language – something that must have been a blessing, although Luke couldn't fathom why he would need one in the afterlife. "I love you," Hermes spoke in English, and Luke's eyes darted awkwardly to the ground, unable to reciprocate the sentiment. No matter how much he wished reconciliation was possible, the past ten minutes of discussion had not washed away his old negativity. "When you enter the Isles," Hermes told him quietly, "you will begin anew. You have a unique opportunity because you remember all three of your lives. Luke, the brave and courageous. Noah, the patient and the kind. And Roy, the cunning and mischievous. Most live with the wisdom of one, but you have been given three. Choose the best of each of your lives, Luke, and make that your fourth life." Hermes' reminder of all of his lives brought back disconcerting memories. Flashes of scenes that could have been from any of his three ran through his mind, and yet, he couldn't quite pinpoint which life each belonged to. "You might see some familiar faces in there," Hermes told him. "Most will be new." Luke nodded; he could recall several faces – Annabeth, Thalia – Noah's wife, Grace, and their children – Roy's grandmother, Tracy – friends and acquaintances, and even some of his enemies. Hermes finally took a step back. "Goodbye, Luke." Although the words were simple, Luke could hear the meaning his father had placed behind them – sorrow, pride, warmth – and for the first time, he recognized that Hermes' inflection was not fake. His father did look sad, and he had spoken with patience and kindness, and he had come to guide Luke to the Isles, and he had remembered him even after all this time. How many other children of the Gods could claim that their parent escorted them personally to the afterlife, offering advice and love? Luke felt overwhelmed. When he looked closely at Hermes' retreating face, he saw recognition there, as though his father knew exactly what he was thinking. "Thank you," Luke managed to say, although his voice was still slightly mechanic from uttering those words to the last person he thought he'd ever say them to. Hermes smiled his signature smile and continued to walk backwards, further away from his son. He pulled something out of his pocket at the same moment he shouted " Maia!" With a flutter of wings from his work boots, Hermes was airborne. "Say goodbye, George and Martha." " Wait! I missed everything!" Martha cried from the device in Hermes' hand. " Well he wouldn't want you interrupting like a mother hen –" " George!" Martha scolded, sounding absolutely appalled. "Take that back! A hen ?" "Say goodbye, George and Martha," Hermes repeated tiredly. " Goodbye George and Martha." " Really, George, that joke is centuries old." " Well so are you." " Take that back !" Hermes began to drift further away. A slow, hesitant peace began to settle over Luke as he watched his father fly away. " Always knew you had it in you, Luke!" George shouted. " Oh, yes dear," Martha called. "We are so thrilled –" " Call from Apollo, Line One," George interrupted. " Oh yes," Martha said. " And you have Zeus on Line Two." Their voices drifted into the distance with Hermes, until he blended in with the dark sky of the Underworld. "Goodbye," Luke muttered half-heartedly. With a deep breath and a swell of contentment, Luke turned back toward the gates. Music and laughter filled the air. Unadulterated joy. The gates opened of their own accord. Luke glimpsed the paradise that people waited their entire lives for. Words could not describe the colors, the happiness, the peace . He was Noah and Roy too, of course, but at that moment he was Luke, ending the journey that started decades - maybe centuries - before, when he'd looked at Annabeth in his dying moment and declared he'd try for the Isles of the Blest. You always pushed yourself too hard . For a moment he laughed, remembering her reply as clear as day. His memories were solidifying gradually, arranging themselves in an order he could understand. Three lifetimes of memories, some good and some bad; they were all still in his head, from his earliest recollections as Luke Castellan to his most recent as Roy. He remembered meeting Grover, opening his first business as Noah Johnson, throwing his first perfect baseball pitch as Roy O'Conner. And finally, his father's last words to him as he began his final, and perhaps best, life. It had all been worth it. Author's Note: I apologize if anything is inaccurate, it's been a while since I've read the books thoroughly. Please leave your thoughts in a review, as it's the only feedback I get. Thank you for reading! :-)