"Percy, you know what to do." I nodded, before I headed to the di Angelo siblings. Right behind me, Grover yelped as Thalia grabbed his hand and led him onto the dance floor. There's a lot of crowds, which is a good place for blending in. Much to my relief, Dr. Thorn was nowhere near the di Angelo siblings anymore. Unfortunately to me, Mr. Philoxenon was still around them. But he looked like he was enjoyed himself with the school dance, so I guess he wouldn't be a problem for a moment. It was Nico who recognized me first as soon as I was near them enough. He looked excited as he pulled Bianca's sleeves. "Bianca! Bianca, look! It's that boy from the hotel!" he pointed at me. Nico looked at me with a gleam of surprise and happiness. "You're that guy who was checking out the Mythomagic cards. Remember, Bianca?" Bianca studied me carefully. Then her eyes widened with shock. "It is you!" "Yeah, that's me." I said, while took a glance at Mr. Philoxenon. He's still didn't notice me yet. "But, what are you doing here?" Bianca asked. "Are you schooled here? Why I didn't see you on the school ground before?" I keeping an eye around our surrounding. Dr. Thorn still not here. I don't know if it's a good thing or worse. "Look, I can explain but we need to get out of here." "Why?" Bianca asked. "What do you guys think about Dr. Thorn?" Bianca and Nico looked to each other for a moment, before Bianca answered, "Dr. Thorn kind of… creepy. He's following us around the school the moment we arrived in Westover Hall." "Yeah, and that evil looks he gave to me when I'm asking some question." Nico added. "Oh, and he also tried to get rid of my Mythomagic figures. But I never bring them to classes and I never bother him with my trading cards." Bianca nodded. "We're lucky that Mr. Zeno Philoxenon was kind enough to protect us from Dr. Thorn. Mr. Zeno is the new teacher in Westover Hall. He's friendly among the kids." "Yeah, although he seems to always mistake my name." Nico said. "I'm not bothered with it though, but he kept calling me 'Aidoneus' as he reminded me with his brother or something." "But, why are you asking us about Dr. Thorn?" Bianca asked. "Well, I have a suspicion about Dr. Thorn for a while. And thanks to your description about him, now I know that you guys are his new targets." I said. It was not a complete lie, but it's reasonable enough to two demigods who are still unaware of their legacy. "Targets?" Bianca's eyes widened. "Yeah, you guys didn't know that Dr. Thorn was a wanted pedophile?" I said, manipulated the Mist around us to make my lies sounded believable. "He's been posing as teacher, trying to get near children, so he could grab them as soon as he can and turned them into another one his 'toy'." I feel bad that I actually was impressed with my own lie. But it worked. Now both Bianca and Nico looked worried and they would soon try to hide once they spot Dr. Thorn, which is a good thing because now we have an easier way to convince them to Camp Half-Blood. And I can't believe that sounded evil for some reason. I quickly motioned them to come with me. "Come on, we have to get out of this place before Dr. Thorn notices us." Bianca and Nico nodded. He asked, "But what about Mr. Zeno? Did he know about Dr. Thorn yet?" "He probably did. That's why he's been protecting you guys." I said. "You guys have a really good teacher." "But why he didn't call the police yet?" Bianca asked. "It would be better if they could arrest Thorn already." "I heard that Thorn would know immediately if he was in danger. There's a reason why he's been wanted by the police for so long." I lied. I'm scared over the fact that I found myself believe in my own lie. The door led us into a dark hallway. I heard sounds of scuffling up ahead, a painful grunt, and sword clash. I motioned to the di Angelo siblings to keep quiet. There's a fight ahead. We jogged down the corridor, but what we found there was very shocking to Bianca and Nico. Well, only Bianca looked shocked. Nico on the other hand, looked astonished. In the end of the corridor, I saw Nathan parrying the attacks from Dr. Thorn, more like parrying projectiles shot from somewhere behind Dr. Thorn. He didn't appear to move. It was as if someone invisible were standing behind him, throwing knives. Nathan's coat and shirt were pinned to the wall by some kind of spike-a black dagger-like projectile about a foot long. It had grazed Nate's shoulder. A dark silhouette now moved toward us. Dr. Thorn noticed us and stepped into the dim light. He still looked human, but his face was ghoulish. He had perfect white teeth and his brown/blue eyes reflected the light of Nate's sword. "Thank you for coming out of the gym," he said. "I hate middle school dances." Nate -looked ready to pass out because of some poison, tried to swing his sword again, but Dr. Thorn was just out of reach. WHIIIISH! A second projectile shot toward us. Next to me, Bianca yelped. The second thorn impaled itself in the stone wall, half an inch from her face. "All four of you will come with me," Dr. Thorn said. "Quietly. Obediently. If you make a single noise, if you call out for help or try to fight, I will show you just how accurately I can throw." Nico whispered to me. "Now I know why Dr. Thorn never got caught from the cops. I don't think he's even human." I nodded sadly. You have no idea how right you are, Nico.