a wink. "Class is over for today, demigods!" he yelled, but his eyes never left me. "Apollo!" I ground out in frustration. They were already gathering up their gear. I really didn't have time to teach them the move anymore with his interruption, but I would never admit it. "Do you always have to have your way?" He placed his hands on my shoulders, moving them up and down. He leaned forward, his lips just brushing my ear. "If I remember right, you had your way with me the- I cut him off with a push to his chest. "There are children around!" I hissed. A blush erupted on my cheeks, embarrassment flooding through me. "They're what? Seventeen? Eighteen? What were you doing when you were that age?" "I was married , which is a hell of a lot different! And I was running from some asshole gods!" He snorted at my tone, and his attention went somewhere else. I followed his line of sight, looking over my shoulder. Will was putting all the swords up. Normally, that's something I did, but I noticed Chanson was taking her sweet time leaving the arena. Besides the two of us, they were the only ones left. "Will?" Apollo called quietly. Will looked up, surprised etched on his face. I could feel Apollo's hands tense up on my arms. I knew he didn't like not being around his kids. Artemis and he were the patrons of children for a reason. He loved them, and it killed him that he couldn't be around when they grew up. My hands went to his waist, giving it a gentle yet comforting squeeze. "Son, I'd do it now if I were you," he said as he nodded towards the girl. "She likes you. And excellent job, by the way. I'm proud." "Really?" he stammered. I knew Will well enough to see he was fighting hard to seem cool in front of his Dad, and he did a really good job of it. He looked at me like he needed confirmation this was really happening. I remembered what it felt like to never talk to your parents. I offered Will an encouraging smile and winked at him. Apollo glanced down at me, then back at Will with a smile on his face. "Really." "Thanks, Dad." He took a deep breath and headed off to catch up with Chanson. I watched Apollo for a second. His eyes were still on Will, a dreamy look in them. "You're so good with them," he murmured. He never said it, but I think he liked that I was so involved with them. Through me, it was his special way to be close. Gods weren't around their demigod children for many reasons. Ancient laws forbid them from interfering too much in a mortal's life. The consequences could be a lot worse than letting them solve it on their own. Parents can't help interfering in their children's lives; the temptation was too much if they were around. The helped out when they could, but they were always forced to watch them from a distance. Chaos tending to follow the gods, and the last thing they wanted to do was to bring their children into it any deeper than they already were. Another reason I wasn't ready to be an immortal yet. He finally shook his head and looked down at me. Something in the way he looked at me made me feel extraordinary. This was so different that what I had with Bear. Every day, I fell deeper and deeper for him. For three years now, he had treated me like a queen. A small part of me wondered how long it would last, me and him like this, but I didn't care. This happiness was worth it. His fingers tucked my hair behind my ear, while his other arm wound around my waist, pulling me flush against him. My hands rested against his chest, relishing the pleasant heat Apollo always seemed to radiate. Every inch of him was toned and strong. He tiled my chin up, placing his lips against my own. It was a sweet, reverent kiss, but I could feel the roughness that threatened to come through behind it. He was restraining himself. "Gods, I've missed you," he whispered against my lips as he pulled away. "Next time, I'm bringing you with me." Apollo had been gone on a hunt the past week. He had gone with Hermes, for a "bros" trip. Hermes's mortal girlfriend had broken up with him when he knocked her up. I think he really did like her, but it was hard to tell. I actually hadn't expected him back so soon, but I was glad he had. I rolled my eyes at him. "Who says I'd go anywhere with you?" I prompted. "Why wouldn't you? I'm asking nicely first, trying my unfailing charm. And then if that doesn't work, I'm just going to blackmail you into going." He took my hand in his, and we started walking out of the arena. "I'd love to see you try. You have nothing on me, sunshine." "I'd just tell everyone about that sound you make when I-" I put my finger to his lips, a disbelieving grin on my face. "Fine. You win. Where are we going?" "Surprise," he murmured. "Did you want to change?" "Well, I am a sweaty, hot mess, so yes. I really need a shower," I pointed out. "I figured you would. Go grab a quick one, and I'll be waiting at the big house. I need to talk to Dionysus anyways," he added in an irritated tone. "Something up?" Apollo just shook his head, but I had a feeling that something was up. I made a note to ask him later. I gave him a quick peck on the cheek, and I walked towards the cabins while he vanished. Whew! What do you think so far? Leave a review and let me know! :)