husky chuckle slightly rumbled the younger male's neck while those slick fingers splayed all over his chest, trailing past his stomach and navel before caressing patches of skin above the waistband of his undergarment. "And I have never done this," Nico replied in a hushed tone, lowering his head slightly to sneak a peek at the older teen. It was that sight – of wet lips and heavily dishevelled locks, of slightly blown pupils clouded with a hint of lust and something more intimate – that had Percy dragging his lips along the other's neck as he pulled them towards the chaise. "Usually, I don't do this," Percy repeated as he pressed his lips against the shell of his ears, earning himself a soft moan as his hands sneaked underneath the dark fabric that was of Nico's top. " Usually." The hours that passed by had been of a passionate but blurry mess; the transition from day to night registered only once they were pressed, in exhaustion, underneath the cloth which now adorned multiple paint spatters. The beige chaise probably shared a fair share of paint, but that seemed negligible at the moment as their slick frames pressed – front to back – against each other. Everything was serene, a dull yet pleasant lull settling onto them as their pants quieted down to mere sighs. The cloth somehow managed to cover their naked forms decently, though exposed much that left little to the imagination. From behind the younger male, Percy leaned forward just the slightest bit, dragging bruised lips against the heated flesh of Nico's neck, tracing a path of lovely bites that would be too conspicuous to cover. Despite his exhaustion, nimble fingers still trailed along the expanse of heated flesh he had explored and ravaged more than he could remember, brushing delicately against the skin of his chest that trembled so slightly under his ministrations. "The paint will come off, right?" Percy questioned against one of his ears, before nipping the patch of skin right underneath it. That earned him a slightly amused chuckle. "Of all the things you could ask of, you ask about the paint," Nico murmured, shaking his head slightly. "To answer your question, yes it is washable." "Good. I kind of like our complexions as they are," Percy teased, but he did not receive the same reaction as he did moments ago. Nico was silent, seemingly brooding as there was that calculative look in his eyes. Percy did not welcome what they could possibly imply. "You're thinking of negative thoughts, aren't you?" Percy questioned as he pulled back slightly, enough to adjust their positions so that the younger teen was facing his direction. "Are you upset with me?" The freshman pursed his lips for a few more seconds, still deep in his contemplation, before he spoke up. "It depends on how you answer my questions," the male offered, his expression clear of anything but seriousness. "Why now, Percy? Why all of a sudden? What are we, Percy?" The older male blinked at the questions, surprise etched all over his features. But that did not last long as a frown creased his brows as his arms wrapped firmly over Nico, pulling said male closer to his frame. "Because I never figured things out until my ex-girlfriend kindly pointed it out to me, and it was not even enough for me to accept. Because I was only able to think of things through when we are alone and when I am not trying to convince myself that I want to kick Grace and Solace's asses for trying to hit on you. Because I am that impulsive person you saw on Robert Downey Jr." The last bit earned him a well-deserved smack on the back of his head. "But most importantly, you're my bestfriend," Percy replied, placing a finger against Nico's lips before the male would undeniably do something rash before he could finish. "You always have and you always will, even if you allow us to be more, which I would really like by the way. I would never have sex with anyone casually or from the heat of the moment. I would never do it in the heat of the moment, especially not with you because I respect everything that is you." Percy could feel a small smile stretching against his finger. "In conclusion," Percy continued with a teasing tone. "That goes to say that I hereby declare that any suitors within a five-foot radius to my boyfriend shall be exterminated with no mercy." "You're an ass," Nico responded with a small laugh, though there was a glimmer of amusement in his eyes and satisfaction when Percy proclaimed their status without the barest hint of hesitance, as if it was the most natural thing to say without ever thinking of it. "You do realize that they are still my friends despite their other status." "I'll just parade you down the entire campus as mine then to make a solid point," Percy offered before leaning down to press a kiss on his temple. "For what it's worth, does this finally mean I'm your type?" "Way to ruin the mood," Nico sighed in exasperation, pulling back slightly to glare at the older male. "I'm serious! You do know how that affected me so much ever since you said it," Percy complained with a huff, pulling the teen firmly back towards him. "Or at least tell me what your type is." Nico di Angelo slowly shook his head, his eyes gleaming with a faint hint of amusement and slight disbelief. Slowly, thin arms wound around his neck and carefully tugged him down until their foreheads were pressed against each other. "Years' worth of emotions cannot just vanish in thin air, Percy Jackson," Nico murmured, his lips curling with that trademark smirk that had been there for as long as Percy could remember. "You've always been my type. The only type I ever had." . . . finisce l'amore