hallway… and that was a messed up thought that just happened. Accidental, I promise. He attempted to cover up hurriedly. Patching together another quick sagging lie. Really? Seriously? She sounded skeptical. And pissed off. Ya… I mean… ugh. Fine I can't do this anymore. Percy snapped. Knowing that he had already lost the battle, knowing that after this things would change. The emotions finally boiling out of his gut in a raging torrent. I've liked you for three years, Okay? More than liked. I've practically obsessed over you creepily enough. And sure, sometimes I daydream about kissing you. Sometimes I even daydream about just getting up the courage to ask you out. But… it just... it never happens. I love what we have too much to do anything like that… And I know you don't like me the way I like you, but if you're going to be in my mind you might as well know. Yes, I do want to know what your hair feels like, and yes I think you can be completely hot and adorable at the same freakin time, and yes I do end up fantasizing kissing you against a locker in the most cliche way. Its because your lovable and admirable and awesome and I just can't stop how I feel. That sounded so cliche but I don't give a pile of rat crap. Rant over, Percy stared at the ceiling. Thankful that he wasn't staring at her face to face. Thankful that she couldn't see his blush and the way his hands trembled in nervous exhilaration. Thankful that she didn't have to reject him upfrontedly. But upset that, even after rejection, he'd still have to hear her thoughts every single day. Her thoughts about him. Wow. She seemed to breath. Thats… that's a lot to take in. She sounded dumbstruck. Unable to get the right words out without an awkward ring that stuck to each syllable. Already, he could feel the choke of regret clogging up his throat. Glumly, he hopped off his bed and wandered towards the kitchen. Feeling Annabeth's mind fidget with thoughts she just couldn't form. It's okay. Percy thought with a mellow sigh. You don't need to say/ think anything. I know. Reaching up in the cupboard, he retrieved a little plastic bottle and spun the cap off. Spilling two beady white pills on to his palm before dry swallowing them painfully. Rattling down his esophagus uncomfortably. Percy… I… Annabeth muttered. Confusion swimming in each word. I'm going to sleep. He thought without meaning. Just took two sleep pills. Should kick in any minute. But Percy! Night WiseGirl. And then he was out cold. Snoozing on his bed at an amazingly early hour. Dreaming of what could've been. (}cCc{) Percy was deliberately late the next morning. Hoodie pulled tightly over his head, while he gripped the backpack strap fiercely. Annabeth had asked him telepathically all morning where he was but he refused to acknowledge her presence in his mind. Keeping his thoughts trained on simple things like brushing his teeth and driving. Not leaving any breathing room for the acidic daydream that ruined his life. Nonetheless, he couldn't help but notice that most of Annabeth's thoughts that morning was wondering over him. How he was and where he was. If he was alright. He couldn't say that it didn't cause some sort of reaction in his gut at her concerns for him. But he patted down the emotions vacantly and trudged on. Walking slowly up each step in the empty lobby while feeling more weighed down than ever before. The sinking feeling in his chest was unavoidable when he saw Annabeth leaned against his locker expectantly. Fingers drumming out a tune on her forearm while her features puckered into that of boredom. Politely he stood there. Offering her a chance to move, to get away from him. But her intentions on staying put were made clear when she looked at him pointedly. Sighing heavily Percy faced her head on with an embarrassed expression she'd probably laugh at. "Morning." he croaked as if nothing was the matter. As if he hadn't let that earth shattering day dream fly into his mind so she could see it in all its untamed glory. "You." she frowned. "You didn't let me respond to you yesterday." Percy glowered at the floor. For once noticing the colors in the dull carpeted area. "I didn't need to hear your response to know." he muttered while slipping off the backpack and letting it rest against his knee. Recalling her disdained and shocked thoughts vibrating in his skull. Dismaying him further. "Seaweed Brain." she chortled with a tentative smile. With a flick of her hand she grasped his hoodie by the collar and pulled him in. Standing on her tippy toes to meet lips while she leaned backwards again into the cold steel of the locker. Percy's hands found her hips while she smoothed her hands up his tightened chest to slide in around his neck. With his heartbeat hammering and stomach churning, Percy kissed her back. And suddenly the day dream had become the reality. Pulsing and causing tingles to melt Percy's brain right out of his skull. Gasping like a fish he broke away from the kiss to stare at his best friend wide eyed and red cheeked. "Annabeth…. You…" She only smiled at him sheepishly. Pink cheeks dimpling, eyes sparkling and her hair messily falling over her shoulders in a fountain of curls. You're so beautiful….. Annabeth? No answer. No nothing. No thoughts. Percy grinned, tightening his grip on her waist. "I can't hear your thoughts anymore." "Really?" her face pinched into concentration before blooming into a stunning smile. "Your right!" "Well that's too bad." Percy smirked. "Because I'm thinking an awful lot about you at the moment." "Shut up Seaweed Brain." Annabeth murmured. Dipping in for the second time. Enjoy it? Perhaps review? Do you like when my crazy imagination makes things at unearthly hours?