addictiveness to clothing, shoes, and makeup. The color choices. The story behind your mother and why she names you what she named you and the thing she left behind for you," Piper was talking fairly fast, and even though I understood her at this speed, I had no idea what she was even talking about. "And now you look like a dove," Percy added to her. "The symbol of the goddess of love herself; Aphrodite," Annabeth looked completely intrigued. Like I was a story she had just read the summary over and was thinking whether or not she should pick it up off of the shelf. "Here we go again…" Nico groaned. "Another one!" Coach Hedge exclaimed. "I just got over the fact that Aaron decided to join the party! How many of you darling little children do I have to put up with?" "Make that another two Coach. Indi's one too," Frank added. "One what?" Indi asked. "Demigod," Percy answered, his mouth full of pizza that had just gotten to the table 0.5 seconds before. "Perseus Jackson!" Annabeth scolded him playfully. I could tell she was trying to keep from laughing. "This is a lot to take in in one night…" I sighed. "You're right Juliette. Let's go to Percy's house tomorrow so we can all hang out and talk about this before Frank and Hazel have to go home in a few days," Annabeth suggested. "Can I bring-" Callie (Do I call her Calypso?) started before Percy interrupted her. "Yes you can bring stuff to make chocolate chip cookies. You always do Calypso," he answered. "Yes!" Leo fist-pumped the air. "As long as you make them blue," Percy added. "Man, why do you always do that? Make it blue! You sound like Merriweather on Sleeping Beauty ." "And how, dear Mr. Valdez, would you know what Merriweather says in that movie?" Piper teased. "I do have a girlfriend you know. She doesn't exactly have a way to watch anything on Ogygia. And she wanted to start with the Disney Princess movies. What's wrong with that?" "No she didn't. You did. And you sing all the songs when you work on stuff at the garage. Without watching the movie the night before," Jason tagged along in the mocking. "Remind me not to sing any of the Disney songs so I can keep my pride," Nico said to Indigo. "Without a doubt," she replied. We all, even Leo, laughed. OoOoOoOoOoOo XXX-Indigo-XXX I woke up the next morning to the not-so-glorious golden rays of sunshine. I sat up and got out of my bed, slipping on the black fuzzy slippers on my floor. Today's the day we get answers. I walked to my bathroom and started to get ready. Someone knocked on my door. "Indi?" I heard my dad's voice say. I opened it and said: "Hi." "Hey Sweetie. How did you sleep?" "Fine." "I guess that's good." He stood there awkwardly. "Is that all?" I asked him. He shook his head. "No. There are a lot of things I want to say to you Indigo. I want to spend time with you, and bond with you. But you seem to not want to spend time with anyone but your sister and Nico." "Dad… I don't feel like I belong here. I'm like this shadow who's in the background all the time. It seems to me like all you and Mindy ever want to do is be around Juliette." "That's not true Sweetie. You know that we all three love you so very much and just want to make sure that you're happy. All we do is try to include you, and you don't seem to see that that's what we're doing." "Look, Dad, I'm sorry ok? I guess I just don't feel like I'm your kid anymore. Like I belong to someone else. You and I are two totally different people. And I don't feel wanted." "You are wanted Indigo. You want to know why I fell in love with your mom?" I nodded. "She was beautiful, and smart, and brave, and funny, and talented, just like you are. And with each day, you look more and more like her. I never cared that we lacked things in common, I just liked the fact that she was who she was, and she didn't have to hide it from me." "What happened to my mom?" "She was murdered. Mugged and robbed on the streets. You were with me that night. She went out to get you a present, but didn't want you to see it yet. She wanted it to be a surprise." "What was it?" "The officers found it that night. It was this." He pulled out one of those bouncy balls that had sparkly stuff inside of it. It was a deep dark purple. "She said you'd know what to do with it when the time was right." I knew now that I was the daughter of Hecate, the Greek goddess of magic, I knew exactly what to do with it. "Thanks Dad," I told him. He hugged me and I hugged him back. Today is the day that everything I've known and done in my life will change… OoOoOoOoOoOo XXX-Indigo-XXX I decided this morning to do something Indigo Lilliana Jones never does; where the color mint. I had a mint sweater, a white skirt that flowed and went down to my knees, pearl drop earrings, a mint and silver bangle, some old sandals of Juliette's that were a tan-ish color with some minty-teal on the straps, and mascara with some of Julie's pink lip-gloss she never wears anymore. Then I met Julie downstairs so we could head to Percy's and get some answers. OoOoOoOoOoOo Just in time for Valentine's Day! In honor of our newest member of the Spiri Vault Story Collection of Own Characters, I hereby announce Juliette Valentine Jones, Indigo Lilliana Jones, and Aaron what's-his-name-because-I-don't-have-one as the new members of the society! RnR! Happy Reading! -avatarspiriaangkorra