face had shown genuine gratitude, as she realized that he had meant everything he had just said. He was always the one to challenge her preconceptions about all men. He actually spoke the truth and not just to charm her, like some other foolish boys would have tried... Charm her, the mere idea that someone would actually try that was utterly ridiculous. Yet she was not as repulsed by the idea that Percy would try such a thing as she should be. "So we will try to find my aunt... you do know that she hates your guts, right?" "Yep," "And you do know that half of Olympus will try to kill you, if they get the chance!" "Yeah, I figured as much." Percy replied nonchalantly. Ariadne laughed lightly. "So business as usual. We will have so much fun." Percy laughed as well now, even Zoe had a small smile on her face, though she tried to smother it the moment Percy looked her way. It was this moment, that Zoe realized that she indeed come to trust this boy. Despite all she had seen in her life, despite all the despicable men she had met, she had actually allowed herself to see this boy as a friend. But suddenly all light seemed to wane. The bright fires of the torches the Apollo kids had spread throughout the gardens dimmed until they were little more than glowing embers. A feeling of dread settled in Percy's stomach, as he realized that this was not a normal occurrence. No, someone was here. Someone decidedly not mortal. Had Olympus decided to attack? Or had the Titans deemed him to big a threat to allow him to continue living? No matter, Percy was ready, his trusty sword Sunreaver already in his hand. Helios' flames danced around the blade, illuminating the son of Poseidon lightly, giving him a mysterious look. "To arms! Enemies might have entered this home!" Ariadne yelled loudly, to wake her siblings. Only moments later the whole garden was bustling with life. "Found you!" An unknown voice whispered suddenly. "You have hidden yourself well, sister, but now that I have you back, we won't be separated again!" "Who the fuck are you? Die Zeus send you? Or was it Kronos?" Percy yelled. A chuckled could be heard, before a woman appeared from the twilight near them. She looked young, but he knew that appearances could be deceiving when it comes to immortal part of his family. But what was the most curious thing, was that she had wings. "Don't even try to stop me, I won't leave without my sister!" the woman said, as she slowly approached Ariadne. But Percy quickly stepped in front of his friend. "Not one more step!" He pointed his sword towards her, the flames flaring up as they reacted to his anger. "You! Those flames, this power... no, you are not him. He died long ago! Begone, imposter!" the woman yelled, as she attacked Percy. He had barely seen her sword, before it nearly sliced through his shoulder. He had to thank Zoe for his survival, as it was one of her arrows that forced to abandon her initial attack. More arrows followed from Apollo's children and the hunters, as they saw the fight. But the woman escape them with ease. "Leave, we won't tolerate any interference from Olympus here." Percy said loudly. But the woman merely chuckled, before she disappeared in the darkness once more. For a moment Ariadne wondered if this woman is somehow connected to the daughter of Hades she had met on that island, but then she realized that this woman did not travel through the darkness, but merely avoided the light to hide her tracks. "Percy, behind you!" She yelled. Luckily Percy could jump out of the way of the woman's attack, but he was forced away from Ariadne and into the way of her siblings. Only Zoe remained next to the girl, but before she could even nock an arrow, the woman had already reached Ariadne and grabbed her by her throat. Then she disappeared with Ariadne, leaving nothing but a group of shocked demigods and an angry son of the sea. A/N: Well so much for the beginning of the end. Harbinger will be quite different from your run of the mill Percy Jackson stories. A much more destructive war is coming as three sides try to claim as many demigods as they can for their plans. In this story some characters from the last two stories will only play minor roles, like Triton, but others will get much more action. One of those who will be in the center of the attention will be Bianca. In fact three of the four living children of the Big Three will be important this time. And we will see a much more serious Apollo, whose fake smiles and fake awesome life crashes around him, as he has to face his father's paranoia and his grandmother's schemes. There was one small question I had not been able to answer, because it had been asked in an anonymous review to the last chapter of trials. Why will there be only four stories instead of the five of the books. Well the answer is simple. There will be a time jump between Harbinger and the last story, should I ever get to write it. I am already well under way for this story, the planning is done and I know what I want to write and how many chapters it will take to show everything I want to show. And one of the plans is the time jump between the stories. Percy will not be involved in the events of the fourth book, that will be Thalia's time to shine. Well, this is all for today. Don't be mad, but the next chapter will be out in September or October... if everything goes as planned. Hope to see you all again when this story continues...