for them. "It had to be that Jackson kid," Hades commented with unconcealed displeasure, glaring directly at the demigod who seemed to stumble for a second, lifting his free hand to clap the back of his neck as if to protect it from the unseen danger that was the Lord of the Underworld. " He is… adequate," Maria commented fondly, clasping her hands firmly. A snort. "He is childish and oblivious and undeniably an idiot," the god replied, one of his brows arching. " He makes our son happy," Maria responded almost immediately, a small smile lifting her lips at how true the statement was. "It's been a long time since I have seen you smile, mio amore ," Hades murmured, earning once more the attention of the woman. Maria pursed her lips, not looking at the direction of the god. " How could you call me that? All these years, you never showed up and I have come to think that I matter so little to you. So why are you here now after all these years? I do not need a farewell party. Not from you, especially," Maria whispered, voice laced with the pain she had been trying to suppress for years. Hades casted his eyes to the ground, masking his expressions from the woman, not that she could have seen. "If I did, Persephone would have gone after our children," Hades answered slowly, taking in the back of the slightly trembling soul. "If I visited you even once, Persephone's jealousy would have had placed them in danger." " You know that that is just an excuse. You are the Lord of the Underworld. This is your domain. I do not hate your wife," Maria stated, slightly forcing the last word out from her lips as she turned to face the god. "She has every reason to be jealous if her husband were to have an affair outside of marriage, so do not include her in this. Stop making excuses and tell me: Why did you not come to see me?" Hades breathed deeply, taking in the paradise that was of Elysium before he directed his gaze to the woman before him, whose features had long contorted to pain. This was not what he had wanted to see even after decades of losing her. It reminded him painfully of the day he had lost her; her disfigured body cradled ever so delicately within his arms, and the tear streaks that had adorned her cheeks in the last few moments that she had struggled to stay alive. The mere sight of her haunted him. Eternally. "I had allowed you to die. I caused your death. Did you ever think that I could have ever forgiven myself for allowing you to die?" Hades breathed, a slight manic glint fleeting in his eyes for a second before he gestured towards the paradise before them. "There was so much that I wanted for you and our children. This… All of this was not what I wanted for our family." A pair of cold hands grasped his cheeks gently, thumbs running delicately along the expanse of his deathly pale skin. Despite how the contact seemed to bite his skin, it was comforting; it was a grasp of sanity that he had long lost grasp for decades. There was an inner turmoil within her heart. " Did you ever come to visit and hear my thoughts? That I do not blame you for my death?" Maria questioned, watching as those eyes drifted close underneath the caresses of her hands. "But no, you did not. And you mistreated our son. Tell me, Hades. Was it because he looked like me? Was it because he bore too much of me that you cannot even look at him without seeing me dead?" The silence that greeted her for a whole minute was enough as confirmation. Before her was the man whom she thought she understood completely with all her heart, and before him was the woman whom he thought he understood completely with all that he had to give. She thought, he thought . Both had lived under assumptions and drowned themselves in their own sorrows. He was her world once, she was his world once. But they were never complete beings to begin with . They were merely broken pieces. " I have always loved you. And I will still love you with every broken piece of me," Maria whispered to him, standing on her tiptoes to place a feathery light kiss on his temple. "But you are leaving." It was a statement, not a question. " I have been here for more than a hundred and forty years. Isn't it time that I move on?" Was it not the time for her to find herself for once? "I will look for you once again." Hades grasped her hands against his cheeks, lifting them to his lips as he delicately pressed kisses to her knuckles. " And I shall wait once more. Maybe our fate would not be as tragic in my second life." Maybe I would know you much better by then. You, beyond the tip of the iceberg. You, that I have devoted all my life to and so much more. Maybe if I understood you and you had understood me, fate would have been different for all of us. But, the death cannot mourn for the past. So, I have to move forth, just as our children have. And maybe, in my next lifetime, we can be together once again – even just a while – and maybe things could be right for once. For both of us. "Come, mia moglie ." Hades offered her a hand, silently asking for her to trust him to lead her beyond the gate. And she took it. I can't say if I will come back whole Because I have always been alone But I will always come back If you lead me back home finisce l'amore