the throne room. The middle Spinner said, "Nico di Angelo, we have not woven your thread of life. We are waiting to see what you say to the choices offered to you today. We will finish weaving your strings based upon those choices. Good luck." With that, the Spinners flashed out, leaving a room of dumbfounded gods and demigods. Nico said softly, "So whatever I say, it is purely my own choice. No one else has a stake in this?" Athena nodded. "It is yours and yours only, demigod. Choose wisely." Nico turned to look at the nine demigods behind him, the closest he had to friends. Jason continued to plead with his eyes, but the rest of them only looked shocked at Nico's situation. "I accept your patronage, My Lady," Nico said, turning back to Athena, "but I want to wait on the offer of immortality. I will come back to the Council in some time." Athena smiled sadly at him. "So be it, Nico di Angelo. For all your service, this is the least we can do. For my patronage, repeat the following: I swear my life to the legacy of Athena and Minerva, and I take this vow of chastity to never look upon Love again and accept the goddess' protection from Love." Nico repeated the words, and the tawny owl on Athena's shoulder circled him once and returned to his perch. "Rise, Nico di Angelo," Zeus pronounced solemnly, "Son to Hades and Pluto, Champion of Hestia, Champion of Athena and Minerva, Prince of the Underworld, Heir to the Sacred Hearth, High General of the Olympian Armed Forces, Lieutenant of Athena, King of Ghosts, Master of Shadows, Protector of Camp Jupiter, Patron of Camp Half-Blood, Patron of Fort Olympus, Permanent Member of the Council of Demigods, Sponsor of Demigods, Hero of Olympus, and God-to-be." All of Olympus erupted into applause as the sixteen-year-old god rose from his kneeling position and took his new mantles. "Prince of the Underworld," Zeus continued, "You will continue through life. Your fate is now in your own hands. Good luck." Nico nodded to Zeus, and bowing to all the gods assembled, he returned to his seat, ignoring the looks of envy and shock from the other demigods assembled and the one of pain and pity from Jason. "We have gifted you ten individually," Zeus said, "as we had promised. Now, we will gift you collectively. For your loyalty to all demigods these past years, we have decided that you will all be permanent members of the Council of Demigods, which will rule over Fort Olympus, the new home of all demigods. Nico di Angelo will serve as the regent and voice of the Council of Olympus, as he is supposed to become the God of Demigods. None of you will lead alone anymore." Hera waved her hand, and the throne room expanded again. Two more thrones appeared on her side, and Persephone and Amphitrite took their seats on the Council. "And now," Zeus announced in pain, "We must turn to the infraction upon the Laws by none other than my wife, Queen Hera. The Laws decree that any who go against them will be sentenced to ten years' banishment from Olympus to Tartarus . What do you have to say for yourself, Queen Hera?" Hera looked at her husband with all the regality worthy of the Queen of the Heavens and responded with no emotion in her voice. "A century ago, My Lord, I was given a prophecy that said I would face a choice: Whether to be ostracized for the actions I would take to save Olympus or to let Olympus fall and let my family live on divided. I took the risk. I will take the punishment as seen fit by the law." Zeus' pain was evident. Maybe he was a cheater, but in the end, he still loved his wife after all the millennia they had lived together. "No!" Annabeth yelled. "I'm sorry for speaking out of turn, Lord Zeus, but I believe my gift from the Council still needs to used. My wish is for Queen Hera to be given amnesty. She did what was right. She took action to make sure that our family would be preserved for another eon." Zeus and the Council looked at her incredulously, and Hera's face was filled with open shock. This girl had openly defamed the Goddess of Marriage many times but was now defending her. "Queen Hera," Annabeth looked at the Queen, "I apologize for my past infractions against you. You did what you had to do. You protected our family through the struggles of life." She turned to Zeus and the Council at large. "Queen Hera might have broken the law, but as leaders, we are all taught that sometimes the most honorable and best actions are those that are illicit. Lady Hera did her duty to Olympus and her family. For that, I ask that she be given amnesty for breaking the law." Zeus nodded slowly. "We agreed to gift each one of you, and Annabeth Chase is using hers now. All in favor?" All of the Council raised their hands save Hera. "Queen Hera, you are given amnesty." Zeus said with a hint of relief in his voice. Hera looked at him coldly for a minute before turning towards the demigods. "Thank you for your service, young heroes. Annabeth Chase, you are to design the layout of Fort Olympus. I will meet with you separately to work through the details later. Now all of you, return to Camp Half-Blood." With a wave of Queen Hera's hand, all of the 500 assembled Greek and Roman demigods vanished from Olympus and landed in the green of Camp Half-Blood. Author's Note: Let me know what you guys think! This is actually my very first Percy Jackson and the Olympians/The Heroes of Olympus fanfiction, so I'm extremely nervous to hear your feedback. Please leave a review and thanks for reading! :)