to be coveted by him into words, because it would have been the best poem of all time. Think of the most beautiful dream, the most heart wrenching song, and throw in having a person who's every touch, every kiss, and every word only spoke one thing: that they were irrevocably, ardently, and madly in love with you. It didn't take long for the meager remainder of our clothes to be discarded. Time was such an unimportant thing when I was with him like this. Everything stood still, but then again, maybe it was simply going really fast. We were tangled in one another, and like a dream, all I could remember was flashes, points of light and darkness. One minute, his lips were on mine, and the next, my chest. I could hear his heart beat, feel the rhythm of it in each movement of our bodies. Laughter mixed with moans, with heated words and venerated whispers. Pleas of beginning not to stop, to slow down, to never let go blended with tender touches and kisses. I was on top of him, smiling as he pushed my hair out of the way so he could kiss my neck. Then, Apollo held tightly to me, filling me and pushing me near the breaking point as my hands gripped the pillows above my head. Sweat covered me, but there wasn't enough heat. There wasn't enough of him . Things went fast, bringing both of us to a moment of ecstasy, followed by a moment so slow and heated, so earth shatteringly good, that I couldn't remember which way was better. His name left me more times than I could remember, and the way he said mine was a litany, a prayer so beautiful that I wanted to give him that feeling every day for the rest of my existence. I was overwhelmed by him, pleasured beyond belief, and utterly spent. The last conscious thoughts I had was how much I loved his heated breath at my neck, the way his fingered curled together with mine. But the best part of all was his whispered "I love you" right before I finally fell asleep in his arms. I had no idea what time it was. Apollo was wrapped around me, the space deliciously warm thanks to him. It was so comfortable, but I had to get up. My mouth felt like sandpaper. Most likely I was dehydrated from all the, erm, activity last night. I sat up, keeping the sheet around me. The air was a lot chillier than the bed, which made me almost give up and snuggle back with Apollo. The air bit at my bare back, sending goose bumps all over me. Apollo was on his side, his hair playfully messy and hanging in his eyes. He looked so adorable sleeping like that, and I didn't want to wake him up. Honestly, once I got my drink, I fully planned on getting back into bed with my husband. I slid out of bed, looking for anything to wrap around my body. All my clothes were still in my bag, which Apollo had stored god knows where. So I grabbed his button-up, hastily buttoning a couple of buttons to provide some measure of warmth. I stoked up the fire, adding a couple of logs to get it going strong again. My body protested at the work, but it was nice to stretch my muscles out. I was achy in a good way. I grabbed a glass from the cabinet, filling it to the brim with water. It was so good and refreshing, I filled it up again. It must have been close to dawn because the sky was a deep blue grey, slowing fading to a lighter shade. Snow was falling heavily, reminding me of a snow globe. Even though I hated the cold, the beauty of fresh fallen snow was one of my favorite things in the world. I watched it fall for a moment, thankful for the bliss around me. Everything was so perfect. I knew better than to expect this kind of peace to last, but right now, I was enjoying it. "Addie?" I turned. Apollo was sitting up in bed, a sleepy smile on his face. His eyes were half closed, telling me he was still partially asleep. "Morning, sunshine." "It may be morning, but not for us. We've only be asleep a couple of hours. Come get back in bed, wife," he grumbled in an authoritative tone. "How long are you going to keep calling me that?" "Until it stops sounding so good," he stated as he rubbed his eyes. They finally looked somewhat clear, and he nodded appreciatively at what I had on. "I have to say, my shirt looks almost as good as that corset." A blush erupted on my cheeks, and I padded my way back to the bed. Apollo lifted the blanket up, letting me get extra close. He unbuttoned his shirt so he could wrap his arms around me, his heat making my body relax. His lips brushed my shoulder, and I couldn't help but smile. "Now, see, doesn't that feel better?" "Mmhmm." "Let's stay in bed, cuddled up, all day," he whispered as he nuzzled my cheek. "I want to spend the whole day holding you." "Wasn't that your plan anyways? Bring me to the snow so I would stay inside more?" "Partially," he admitted with a smile. "But this isn't our last stop. I'm taking you around the world." "And I suppose you aren't going to tell me where?" "Nope, but we'll be here a few more days. Don't worry, I'll keep you warm." I leaned my head up and placed a soft kiss on his cheek. He turned his head, brushed out lips together, but even that brief touch sent a wonderful wave of contentment through me. I curled into him, and Apollo pulled me close. "I was counting on it." Let me know what you thought!