discuss that again after a few decades when you have joined us in Elysium," Maria considered with a nod before she extended one of her hands forward. "Come now, Nico. I believe it is time for you to come back." The hesitance to let go, and the sudden tension in the air was almost suffocating as Percy glanced down at the teen in his arms whom simply glanced up and meet his conflicted eyes. Would letting him go at that moment kill him? More than he could ever imagine, Percy thought bitterly to himself. " Perseus Jackson, we will meet again. But for now, you have to let me go," Nico started. "I… I'm not sure if I can do this," Percy whispered suddenly, pain blooming once more in his chest at the mere thought of having to do so. " You can. Make this story good, and when we meet again, you can tell me everything," Nico replied, leaning up to press his lips lightly against the son of Poseidon. It was fleeting, like a passing breeze, yet the tingling sensation that lingered could very much contradict that. "Lady Aphrodite did say that your love life would be epic, right?" "Yeah," was the short reply as he hid his face along the crook of his neck. If he were to close his eyes and remember, the vague fragrant scent of the Ghost King would come to his mind. Of fresh morning dew and petrichor. " You're Percy Jackson. You'll live without me. When we meet again, you can tell me your story – of how far we've come," Nico murmured, pulling back from the older teen's grasp as he slowly backed away. Firm arms gripped each of his own, restraining the son of Poseidon from closing the increasing distance that separated him from his other half. Once again, it was as if each and every breath was being dragged out of his body, slowly killing him from inside. " This story isn't over yet, Percy. One day… If we really are meant to be together, we'll come back naturally to each other. But, that isn't today," Nico breathed, clasping a hand to his mouth as he completely passed by the gate, onto his mother's comforting arms. "I promise, I will wait for you." Percy just slowly shook his head, as if shaking off the weight of the reality of their situation. " Take care of him for me, Jason, Hazel. Take care of yourselves, and… tell the rest 'Until we meet again'," Nico murmured, watching the heart-wrenching sight of his sister silently weeping and of the devastation on the features of the son of Jupiter. Nico leaned back against his mother's arms as he gazed longingly at the son of Poseidon. It was much painful to watch than experience his own death. They had too little time; too much lost, and too much spent living on fabricated emotions. It was a little too late, and too much had been fruitlessly given and shed. " Goodbye, Percy." No, Percy shook his head once more. "No. Not 'goodbye'. Until we meet again, Nico," Percy breathed, forcing a smile onto his lips that did not quite reach his eyes. " I'll be here to welcome you home then, Percy," Nico answered, forcing a smile of his own before shielding his expression by looking down. I love you . It was the last thing that Percy saw, in the movement of those thin lips – mouthed solely for him and him alone – before the souls departed, fading into specks of light. Once more, there was nothing. There was only but that searing pain which he could scarcely endure. Once again, he was alone, with the faint reminder of empty decades ahead of his life. Nico. He found himself clasping at the bars of the gate, sliding down onto his knees. It was the closest he could reach for his Elysium, and it was where he found himself partially whole. "Hey. We got you. We'll work through this, and meet him once again. Remember your promise to him and his mother, Percy. We'll get through and we'll have a whole lot to tell him when we see him again," Jason assured him, dragging him up to his feet slowly. "He loves you, Percy. So much. But he won't be selfless by asking you to stay. He wants you to experience everything again for the first time, without all the lies that the gods and goddesses made us to believe," Hazel softly added, placing a hand against his arm and clutching at it in a gesture of comfort. "It will be worth it when we meet him again. He will be there to welcome us all." Hazel gently placed a red rose in his hand while looking with assurance into his eyes. Looking back at the gates, he could not see what sight laid ahead. But, if he allowed for his eyes to close, he could faintly hear distinct and familiar voices, of the people he owed so much of. A hand gently rested underneath his hand that held the rose, guiding him to crush it on his palm – an action he did not refuse. I have to live , Percy convinced himself. The only payment they want of me is to live. So I have to live . He repeatedly convinced himself just as Jason and Hazel crushed their own roses. In a few decades, he will be walking through those gates with nothing but a hundred stories to tell. He will cross through with their story in tow, and he knows that the moment they meet again is where he will have finally reached his own Elysium. And he would hear those words, whispered softly against his ear. Completing him. ' Welcome home.' But I believe that we will meet again In a different place; in a different time Just wait, I will get there I'll be coming home finisce l'amore