down at Percy who was evidently asleep given the line of drool down the side of his mouth and the soft snore. She sighed again and noticed a seagull circulating a tiny weird object that was a pale color that almost blended in with the sand except it had a fleck of black on it. Curiosity got the better of her as she got off the towel and walked over to the tiny muddled object. As she came within five feet she stopped and gasped tears starting to sting her eyes again. "Oh gods" she muttered. Lying in the sand was a premature baby boy limp and dead. Hera was trying to drive them insane. "PERCY!" she screamed as she kneeled beside the body sobbing loudly. Percy was beside her in a second "What? wha-" he stopped when he saw the little thing on the ground. Before Annabeth knew what was happening Percy was beside the baby pressing one finger to its chest. A tentacle of water threaded its way out of his mouth and onto the sand. A second later the child's eyes flew open and a whimpering wail resounded out of the tiny beings mouth. Annabeth's eyes widened and her tears dried. Looking awestruck at the baby no bigger than a average teddy bear sat big blue eyes wide and a lick of black hair ruffled and mixed with sand. Annabeth tenderly picked him up and cradled him in one arm. "Look" Percy said pointing to a thread attached to his neck which held a waterlogged note. Percy drew all the water out of the paper then broke the thread carefully. He opened it "Don't touch this beast, he ruined my life by getting me fired, being rejected by my parents and dumped by my boyfriend. This monster brat is cursed." he read unbelievingly then looked at the child "who would do such a thing?" he asked "Annabeth shook her head "I don't know but I'm not going to let go of him anytime soon" she whispered as she tried to soothe the baby from crying. "I'm calling child services and an ambulance just in case ok?" Annabeth nodded. .o0O0o. Annabeth lifted Nereus from the carry car seat and cuddled him to her chest before placing him in the white crib and watching lovingly as his tiny hands clasped around the blue teddy bear that was as big as him. Nereus in Greek meant water and the name fit perfectly since he was found by the waters edge. Nereus Luke Jackson. Their new adoptive son. Deep blue eyes and black hair and so tiny he was ⅔ the size of Percy's forearm. A light knock on the door led Annabeth to the hallway. Percy came and opened the door welcoming in Sally and Paul. "what's the matter? what's so urgent?" Sally demanded looking at the couple questioningly. Annabeth smiled "follow me". She laced her hand with Percy and walked down the hall into Nereus Nursery and walked over to the crib. Sally peered in and gasped "Where did he come from?" she asked quietly so she wouldn't wake the sleeping babe. "We found him on the beach" Percy answer. Paul whistled "what was a baby doing there?" "Someone tried to kill him by apparently throwing him in the water" Annabeth answered. Sally gently leaned down and stroked Nereus's leg "who would do such a thing?" she inquired. Paul put an arm around Sally "I assume you guys adopted him?" Paul said. Annabeth nodded and smiled down on her new son. .o0O0o. All the guests were having a great time in the living room. The seven talking of Calypso and Leo's engagement and Percy's parents conversing with Annabeth's family. Annabeth's twin brothers were busy building a tower of sandwiches. Percy set down and drink on the side table and mouthed something to Annabeth Now. A giddy bubbled squirmed inside her as she turned to fetch Nereus from his crib. She heard Percy's voice drawing attention to the crowd and imagined Sally and Paul smiling knowing on what event had caused the party. Gently Annabeth picked up the sleeping baby from the crib and carefully walked down the stairs entering the living room. A collective gasp followed her entrance. "This is Nereus Luke Jackson" Percy stated proudly "our new adopted son". It took about three seconds for the entire crowd to gather around Annabeth to see the new family member. "He's so tiny!" Piper whispered. "Where did you adopt him from?" Helen asked adoring her new grandchild already "We found him half dead on the beach" Annabeth replied. A look of horror came over Hazel's face "who would be so careless as to leave a baby this sweet in the ocean?" Annabeth shiver "According to the note attached around his neck, he was thrown in and was meant to drown" Another gasp came from the guests. Jason shook his head unbelievingly "a baby this small should have drowned almost immediately" he said. Leo clutched Calypso's hand "I'm guessing Percy's voodoo water powers rescued this kid?" Percy nodded then walked over to Annabeth and carefully took Nereus into his powerful arms. Nereus woke up and looked around with curious blue eyes staring at the new faces. "Awww he's so cute!" Calypso stroked his hand and instinctively Nereus grabbed it. Nereus made a face and started whimpering . "May I hold him?" Helen asked. "of course" Percy answered handing Nereus off to the gleeful grandmother. Both Matthew and Bobby looked over there Mother's shoulders and smiled down at Nereus. Nereus just stared that them his big blue eyes taking in every detail of the weird world. "He's a handsome devil" Frederick said smiling at his new grandson proudly. Percy wrapped his arm around Annabeth's waste "It's going to get better from here" he whispered into her ear kissing her on the temple. And Annabeth believed him. Check out my other stories ;) I would be hugely grateful if you did :) :D