of his composure. It probably did not make matters easier for the blond if Nico's words played like a mocking broken record in his head, the latter assumed as he ascended the small flight of stairs that led to the rooftop. Just as he had guessed, Jason was leaning against the ledge of the rooftop, partially facing away from the Italian. With the city lights gleaming against his blond locks and onto his features, for a second, he seemed almost ethereal to Nico, who immensely gazed at the golden hue of his disheveled hair. Whether Jason noticed his presence or not, Nico was uncertain of. "Jason?" Nico called out to the blond man, but was met with silence in return. The only indication that he had been heard was the subtle tensing of that Adonis physique. "I'm sorry," Nico murmured, more so to himself, as if he was ashamed of admitting his mistake. Truly, he was, but knowing the degree of how offensive he had come across just made his apology that much insufficient in his mind. "It occurred to me now that I… probably don't know you that well, as I had assumed," the Italian continued, cautiously stepping closer to Jason who had not moved an inch. For once, Nico was uneasy with the silent treatment as he gingerly fiddled with the hem of his shirt. "I got this place with the roof." At that point, Nico was certain that he was babbling, but that statement – that slight change of topic – garnered Jason to finally turn to face him. "Was going to do a whole garden out here eventually… I think." The entire situation was frustrating. As much as he convinced himself that he was not dead, as much as Leo had backed his claim up, no words could completely assure him that he still physically existed. Assumptions were as far as he could possibly claim, and the sheer thought that he might possibly be eternally stranded on the world of the living as a wandering spirit had him swallowing a lump on his throat. Recalling little to none of his memories did not make the situation any tolerable. "Piper. Her name was Piper," Jason cut through his thoughts. Nico did not even realize that his eyes had darted sideways, but when he turned to face Jason, his breath audibly hitched at that pained expression that was visible in that forced smile. "Was Piper…?" Nico breathed out, trailing off once he realized that he might have been potentially prying when he should not. "She was my wife," Jason simply answered, and there was a certain coldness in his tone which caused Nico not to comment further on the matter. Wife. Was . Dead wife then, Nico assumed upon recalling the words which Leo had used. Actual dead. Two years. If Nico could be certain of one thing, it was that Jason must have loved the woman unconditionally to be hung up on her demise for that long, and somehow that settled badly with Nico, with what he convinced himself as sheer guilt of his insensitive comment. "Can we talk rationally now? Like adults," Nico inquired, his tone low yet serious. An exasperated sigh was what he received from Jason who promptly turned around to face him, his expression guarded yet interested with whatever proposition he had in mind, if his inquisitive expression were anything to go by. "I'll take that as a yes," Nico murmured, more so to himself. "I realized now how badly you think you need to be alone, and I will respect that given… your circumstance." Jason was about to comment, but Nico raised a hand to cut him off before he could utter anything, silently demanding that he be allowed to finish. "I still hang onto the possibility that I am not dead, and Leo's words just gave me a little encouragement that that self-fed assumption was actually true. But I can't back things with words alone," Nico voiced out his thoughts for once, a grimace crossing his features. "I hope I am not dead. But if I am…" Jason silently clicked his tongue, partially understanding then where Nico's persistence of being alive was coming from. Least to say, Jason wanted to believe as well that the Italian man had a physical embodiment somewhere if that theory, were it to be proven, would remove that unwelcomed grimace on that winsome features. "You want to be alone, and I just need to confirm who I am and if I am alive or not," Nico simplified their predicament. "So here is my proposition: You help me find out who I am and my status, and I will leave you alone completely thereafter, relinquishing the rights of my apartment fully to you." "Is there any catch to this?" Jason questioned, electric blue eyes narrowing suspiciously. Nico shook his head. "No. I would do absolutely everything to finally know my actual identity," Nico answered truthfully. "We can't shake hands on it, and I know you have every right to doubt my words, but we don't actually have the luxury to do those fancy lie detector tests." "You expect me to play Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson with you?" A smile tugged those full, thin lips upwards, and Jason mentally cursed himself for how that small gesture had butterflies fluttering on his stomach. "Yes, but I would be Sherlock in this. Undeniably so. You will be Dr. Watson, my ever cooperative "friend" who would willingly aid me in this quest of finding my identity," Nico mused, the amused smile curling further upon his lips when Jason chuckled at his twisted logic. "So, do we have a deal?" Little did Jason know that his agreement to the matter would forever leave a permanent impression to how his life would eventually shape to be. At that moment, blindly trusting the words of the wandering apparition, Jason found himself nodding in agreement. "It's a deal, Nico." . . . Continua Continua