doors, "My master, the Ancient One, taught me in the ways of the mystic like him." To be honest, I wasn't that surprised, I've seen magic before. "Thalia had a bracelet that turned into her shield, and Charion said that my shift should read something different to mortals." I said. "It says you work at a strawberry patch." Wong said. I looked down at my orange tee shirt. Really wish I could change that, I mean it's a good cover but...that's kinda lame. Strange shook his head. "That is a form OF magic, think of it as a subject. The Mist is one of the greatest illusion spells ever cast. Bit there are other types of spells, charms, incantations, and much more." he explained as we entered a living room area, a sofa and a large comfy chair sat across from one another in front of a fireplace, a coffee table between the seats. I sat on the couch as Strange took a seat in the chair. The fire illuminated the room, casting shadows of the furniture onto the walls when we walked in. "Ok but what about Hecate? She's the Goddess of magic." I asked. A few of the campers in the Hermes cabin were her children, they knew how to pull tricks but there weren't any magical classes or activities at Camp. Strange nodded, "A good question, she wields it, controls it, but she also produces it." he explained as Wong left the room. I didn't come pelt understand him and he could tell, "Alright, think if it like this, magic is power. And there must be something that produces it. Now, it can't be created, or destroyed, but Hecate, along with many other people things, even places channel it." he explained. "So...she's like a Powerplant. Providing magic to the world?" I asked. Strange smiled, "A good analogy." I ran my hand over my face, this was a little much to wrap my head around. "But why tell me all of this?" I asked. Strange smirked, "Why do you think I can use magic?" he asked. I sat there and thought for a minute, I've seen Thalia manipulate the Mist once or twice. I assumed she was capable of doing that because she was the daughter of one of the big three. But Strange was mortal... "Anyone can do it...including me?" I asked, starting to catch on. Strange stood from his chair, "If you don't want to go back to the Camp, that is your choice. But if I let you walk out of this house, and you died? That would be on my hands, so if you won't head back to camp? Then I offer you to stay here with me, to learn magic." he offered. I was stunned to say the least, after a few seconds I managed to find my voice once again. "Why me? I mean I'm a demigod sure but...I can't be the first you met." I pointed out. The way he acted and offered to send me back to camp was proof of that. "Honestly Vincent?" He asked, I nodded. "I see that you have potential. When I came to my master, I was nothing but a bitter idiot. But he saw the same potential in me that I see in you." he said, the tone of his voice showing honesty. "The choice is yours." he offered up. I thought, I thought more about this more than anything I ever done in my life. I thought lore about this than going with Thalia, Luke and Annabeth with Grover to camp. I was useless to help Thalia...but if I learned...I could never be useless again. "Alright...can you teach me?" I asked. The doctor smiled, "Yes I can. But first, you need something to eat." he said just as Wong entered with a tray of food. "He said yes?" "He said yes." Strange replied. Pulling the lid off the tray, my jaw dropped at what Wong brought me, a burger, spices fries, a milkshake, and a Chocolate brownie for desert. All my favorites. "But...how-?" I started. "Who do you think made the lunch area for the camp?" Strange asked as Wong Andes him a drink of water that changed from clear to green a second after touching it. Magic is real, and it's the greatest thing ever to me. AN: Ok. Before you start. "Avatarconner-" Before. You. Start. "What. The. SHIT?!" Ok ok, look, I know I got a ton of stories going on right now but I said earlier this year, that I would not be sticking to a schedule. I know I haven't updated how to train your avatars in over a year. I know man of tomorrow volume 1 is unfinished and RWBY V4 is around the corner, and Star Wars sentinel is...well that one is kinda just for me and I'm a little sad no one is reading it. But! I am not giving up on ANY OF MY STORIES. Ok? Ok. Now that's out of the way with, I love Percy Jackson. I love every book, every character, this was and still is to me what Harry Potter was to thousands, millions even, of people. Now I'm not dyslexic or have ADHD, I actually do have something but that's not important, but this series showed me it doesn't matter what mental handicap you have or not, you can still be a hero. I own every book on the series and the sequel series, which I'll admit, I like the first series better. Also I published this under Percy Jackson only be used I could not find for the life of me a doctor strange tag on the crossovers tab. Sorry. Now your probably wondering why go with Doctor strange. Honestly I read a bunch of his stuff and I found o could mix it well with Percy Jackson. And with the new movie coming out soon, I thought 'what the Hades'...bad joke I know. So until next time guys.