doesn't always bear a noble meaning, Grace," Nico answered with a sigh, opening his eyes. "You said that we are friends, but you treat me differently. I'm not that fragile. You say we are bestfriends, yet you act more natural with Leo and Piper." "You don't understand," Jason answered, running a hand through his hair in exasperation. "Then make me understand," Nico challenged. "Fine. To hell with it," Jason snapped, his voice just sounding a little bit louder. Cursing under his breath, Jason leaned forward and far too close to the younger teen's liking. Before he could press their lips together, a pair of hands clamped once more against his lips, this time pushing his face upward until his head was tilted back to face the ceiling. "What the hell do you think you are doing, you idiot?" Nico hissed, keeping his voice lowered as he pushed against the blond teen's face persistently, a bright blush dusting his cheeks. "I believe I was in the process of making you understand , di Angelo," Jason hissed back, an equally bright blush on his features as well, in a mixture of embarrassment and humiliation. "Piper was wrong, ugh. This isn't making you understand and the heels of your palm are really digging onto my chin." "Sorry," Nico blurted out, pulling his hands back hastily, causing Jason to fall forward and almost knocking their heads if he had not managed to steady himself by the last second. Their faces were just mere inches apart, and they were staring, stunned, into each other's eyes, silently daring the other to make a move to look away. It was Nico who did so eventually, glancing towards the side as he spoke. His mind was swirling, and if this was just some sick illusion, he would rather not bask in it and falsely get his hopes up. It was as if he was setting himself once again on a lone cruise towards that excruciating pain once more. "Jason, if this is some cruel joke –" "It's not," Jason cut him off, not moving an inch from his position. Nico would not dare to look into his eyes, and it was not a matter of proximity alone. "You can consult with Piper and Leo if you want any further confirmation. I was not even going to rush into things, I swear." Jason sighed, resting his head lightly against one of the teen's shoulders, ignoring how the body tensed underneath him. "You don't know how jealous I am of Percy, even now," Jason murmured in a hushed tone, just in case said teen might be awake or wake up and hear their discussion. "I know I have your attention, but you loved him. Loved , not liked. And I know how you take your emotions too seriously. How was I supposed to compete to that?" "I didn't want you to be bullied. I needed you safe, just as much as I needed to be close to you, and know more about you that no one else does. I needed you to be over him before I could even come a step close to admitting myself to you. I know I have been selfishly taking up your time. I thought I was giving my time to you instead. I did not even consider things in another perspective," Jason continued. "And you have been giving your time to me," Nico answered with a sigh. "… Should I still kiss you?" Jason asked against his neck. A pair of hands pressed against his mouth once more in response, and a low growl resonated throughout the entire room. "You're unbearable," Nico answered with a little venom dripping from his voice as he pushed him away as far as his temporary strength allowed. "Sorry. But I do mean it. I like you. I really, really do like you more than I could ever describe. I think that it sounds better that Jason Grace is courting Nico di Angelo than have them classify you as a charity case. And I am not doing this just because of that. I can wait until you're completely over Percy and –" "I'm going back to sleep, Grace," Nico replied with a hint of finality when the conversation got too confusing for him, pulling the sheets over his head as much as he could until only his hair was peaking out, ignoring the protests of his bestfriend. His head was still in a disarray, his heart a turmoil of emotions amidst his confusion. He did not know how to process this. Not all of a sudden. Not now when he could barely think. Jason was saying things that he just could not comprehend all at once. And when he confessed to liking the said teen and emphasizing it excessively, Nico just had to stop him before he could press himself into beginning to hope. Jason was like Percy on some aspects. Knowing that fact was his bridge to reality. He was too broken, merely shambles and pieces, beyond repair. A small sigh escaped through the older teen's lips, and Nico thought for a second that Jason would be backing off from him finally. Hands pressed suddenly against the fabric of his bedsheets, pushing it flat against Nico's face, causing the half-Italian teen to almost go into panic once again. That is, until something warm pressed delicately against the fabric against his lips. Jason , Nico thought to himself, his breath hitched as there was only a thin fabric that separated their lips. He could feel the warmth of his lips through the fabric, and their connection just seemed natural. As natural as it was being in each other's company. As natural as it was to grasp each other's hands in the dark with the thin fabric separating their skins. As natural as it was that he could feel even a fraction of himself being put together once more. Because we are all broken Until we are mended finisce l'amore