regulations at the archery range, so she quickly ran after the two brothers, before anyone could stop her. "I'll tag along, see you later, Michael." Was all she said, before she escape the clutches of her older brother and the Centaur. The two sons of Poseidon were quite the sight, as they marched through the camp. It was rare to see any of the gods inside the camp, but Triton's visits had become a regular occurrence during the last few months. By now most campers had accepted the fact that Percy had more contact to the gods than most other campers combined. Most had no problem with that, but some few felt jealous. Jealous that Percy seemed to be a favorite of the gods, though no one was sure whether Percy was the favorite demigod or the favorite pet of the gods. "Those demigods know no respect. How any of their parents can be proud of them is beyond me." Triton said disdainfully, as he watched the other campers around them. "I do hope that you have not fraternized with any of the less desirable denizens here, Perseus." "Yeah, yeah..." "I mean it. You have to stay away from the lies and falsehood that some of these children have inherited from their parents. Be wary, especially of the children of Athena. She is our father's enemy as much as she is ours. Her children will only bring you harm." "Most of them avoid me like the plague. But one of them has been a bit... odd. That girl, Annabeth, one of the companions of the thief, had pestered me with questions." "Do not answer those questions. They will use all knowledge against you." Percy was confused. Ever since Triton had come to train him, his older brother had constantly ordered him to stay away from the children of Athena. Triton seemed to downright loath Athena. And it was obvious that it was more than just a feeling born out of his loyalty to his father. To Triton it was obviously something personal. "You really hate Athena and her kids, don't you?" Percy asked. The question did nothing to lighten up the mood, the opposite in fact, it only caused Triton to scowl even more. "It wasn't always like this, but Athena's betrayal made it clear that she is an enemy of the sea, not just and enemy of our father." "What?" "It's not the time to tell this particular story. One day I will explain it to you. Explain how she has wronged all of us. Until then, you have to trust me and do as I tell you." Percy didn't like it when people kept the truth from him, but judging by Triton's last words and the somber expression on his face, it was truly not the time to pry. But he was still so very curious. Maybe someone else could shed some light on this. But maybe it would be bad to go behind his brothers back. Though he was a stern teacher, Percy saw Triton as an older brother who deserved respect. Apollo had always been a more laid back big brother figure in Percy's life, while Triton was now more like the sterner, more dutiful sibling. The two gods were a stark contrast, but Percy knew that he benefited greatly from the teachings of both. Ariadne, who had followed the brothers silently for some time, was finally fed up with the foul mood. "So, will we learn something interesting?" "We?" Triton asked her with a raised eyebrow. Only grudgingly had he accepted that the daughter of Apollo followed Percy around most of the time. She was an annoyance to him, but he could understand that she had similar problems with fitting in at camp as Percy had. They shared a connection because of Apollo and due to their joint adventure they had grown somewhat closer. Alienating her would likely displease Percy and Triton avoided that if possible. "Yes, we. I want to learn something, too, instead of being forced to teach archery to wannabe dolls, who have no care for the finer art of archery." Ariadne insisted. "Understandable. Aphrodite's children aren't really interested in fighting or anything connected to that." Percy said with a nod. "But you can teach me some more things about archery that Apollo had no time to teach me." "No archery." Triton said strongly. "We do not need a second Orion. The first one was a failure to begin with and we really don't want to repeat that mistake. And with Artemis in a position of power over you, it would be in your best interest to not remind her of Orion's existence by following his example." "Right... so no archery for the moment." Percy conceded. He had no wish to antagonize Artemis any further. And to this day it was enough to just mention the name Orion to anger Artemis. Any attempt to emulate him would equal a death wish. "Then... close combat again?" Triton looked thoughtful for a moment, before he answered. "Yes. But since you two are always together we will try something new. You will fight side by side against me. Try to combine your strengths and fight me with all you got. Maybe you will last for a few minutes this time, Perseus." A/N: This is just the beginning. Just from this chapter it should be obvious that Triton will play a much bigger role in Percy's life, than he did in the books. I was always disappointed that Percy had so few interactions with his half-brother. Don't get me wrong, I do like Tyson, but I always felt that Triton would have been much more interesting, especially with his involvement with Athena and other gods. And as I had mentioned before, I have several new chapters for this story, so let me know whether you are actually interested in this story or not. Well, that is all for today. I hope to see you all soon...