waistband, and unlocked Leo's cell first. He was asleep against all three mats—his, Piper's, and Beckondorf's. She noticed a sword cut against his cheek, but she felt lucky that was all he had received. She placed a hand softly against his shoulder, a shook him until he awoke. He blinked at her, as if unbelieving what he saw. "Leo, it's me." "Piper?" He rubbed his eyes. "Yeah, it's me, Leo. Come on, we don't have much time." "Didn't you die?" Piper could tell he was still half-asleep. "Yeah, but I didn't like the underworld, so I came back." "You can do that?" Piper rolled her eyes, shoving the set of keys at him. "Start unlocking everybody's cell; we're getting out of here." Leo yawned, but stood, saluting her. Now Piper wasn't sure if he was drunk or not. He stumbled out of the cell, and began unlocking the prisoner's, waking them up and telling them about the escape. Piper ran towards the exit, drawing her dagger as she went; she had kind of just abandoned Jason to about a dozen guards. But as soon as she was above ground, she slammed into him at full speed. Piper groaned in pain, as did he, but both soon recovered at the sound of the prisoner's cries of joy; Piper just hoped no one heard them. Instead of explaining what he'd done to escape, he just knelt down at the guards. "What'd you do to them?" She held out the dart and the firing barrel, "it's what I was working on this morning. I found Nightshade berries while I was looking for firewood a few days ago. I kind of hoped we'd set the prisoners free, and this was my plan; I didn't know about the field guards, but you were there to take care of that." He glared at her, but it was short lived. He picked up a hand of a guard, and released it, allowing it to fall back down. "Are they, you know, dead?" Piper shook her head. "No. I don't think so. Nightshade berry juices aren't deadly when they're dry, I think." She wouldn't dare check for a pulse. "They should just be out for an hour or two." There was a cry of happiness coming from the catacombs as the prisoners, lead by Leo, walked freely for the first time in ages. Everyone was laughing, and Piper didn't have the heart to shush them, but Jason did. Everyone, with the exception of Piper, stared at him, angrily as if they were planning to kill him already. "Piper?" Leo asked through gritted teeth. "What?" "What's he doing here?" Leo said, as if he couldn't bare to even speak his name. "Woah. Woah." Piper held up her hands, as if warding off the prisoners. "It's okay, everybody. He saved me, so in a way, he saved you people. He's a good person, and nothing like the emperor. He'll lead us to freedom." That seemed good enough for Leo. "Well, if you trust him, I trust him." Leo smiled before leading the prisoners in a quiet huzzah. "Um." He said, turning back to Piper. "Now what?" "Well, you're free to choose." Piper spoke, loud enough for everyone to hear her, but still quietly. "You can leave here and now and never come back; you can try to find and repair your old life. Or," Piper smiled, "you can join me and we can live freely!" The crowd cheered, but quieted at Piper's signal. "You didn't kill any did you?" Piper asked in a small voice, as they led the pack of prisoners who had chosen to stay back to their camp. Jason's eyebrows scrunched, confused. "No. Why?" "Idle curiosity." Piper shrugged off his question, not admitting to him, she was still against killing. There was almost a riot at two in the morning that night. Word had gotten around that there was no food, limited water, and little shelter. Everyone was whispering amongst themselves, as if they were all forming alliances to take each other down. Piper could tell fights were about to begin over resources, and she climbed onto the old stump, with Leo on her left and Jason on her right. "Everybody!" She shouted, but no one heard her, either that or they didn't care. "Hey—guys, come on—" In one last attempt, Piper screamed at the top of her lungs. "Quiet!" Everybody went silent, and listened to her. She took a deep breath. "Now I know that there's been some talk about what we're going to do for food, for water, for shelter, for everything. And I will answer honestly: I don't know yet, but none of you do either and fighting is not going to give us the solution. I know you're scared and I am too, but we can make it through this. "None of you have any reason to trust me—I lied to each and every one of you. But I protected you, and that's what I'm going to do now. I'm your best bet at the moment, and I will do my best to fix this for all of us. We won't get captured! We'll run away and start our own Rome, where everyone lives in peace! Are you with me?!" A rising cheer came up from the crowd, as Piper stepped down from the stump. Leo patted her on the back, and Jason gave an approving nod (which was probably the nicest thing he'd done for her in the past few days). Piper smiled to herself; in this world of 'what ifs' and 'I don't knows', one thing was certain. All these people, they were no longer Roman. So? How's that for an opening chapter. A little over 3,700 words. Not bad. Not bad. I want to thank each and every one of you for a 456 review success on Roman! Let's see if we can beat that with this one! Happy Thanksgiving! Read and Review! You guys are such Awesome Possums! :oD