the throne room. With his enhanced sight he spotted Poseidon risen from a trench in the street staring up at him as water tendrils began to collect around him, with a sudden devastating burst of speed the king of the god's dropped down to the street to meet him in battle. Meanwhile in the throne room, Zeus was miserably losing to Hades. The Lord of the Dead had completely torn apart the throne room as he completely beat his brother into the ground. They hadn't even used any power or weapons yet, it was a straight battle of strength and it was also clear with this pair that the older of the two was the stronger Olympian. "COME ON ZEUS! YOU WENT THROUGH ALL THIS TROUBLE AND YOU CAN'T EVEN DEFEND YOURSELF!" Hades roared as Zeus struggled to rise from the ground. Hades strode forward and gave Zeus a vicious kick to the head sending him spiraling back another couple of feet. "Your useless, your not a king, you worthl-" Hades was cut short as body sailed through the open doors and crashed into him at extremely high speeds. Poseidon ran into the room trident in hand and pulled Zeus to his feet. He winced when he saw the damage that Hades had done, his face was a dark and peachy color and there ichor leaking from both his nose and both. Zeus' hair was matted down with sweat and he was heaving in effort. "You look like you have seen better day's Zeus." Poseidon commented and Zeus summoned the master bolt and swung it like a club catching Poseidon in the chest and sending him back out the door. The now upright Perseus raised an eyebrow at Zeus action's and Hades just sat on his throne. "Nope I'm done, Zeus is all yours." He said raising his hands in the air. Perseus shook his head at his brother's antics and turned back to Zeus summoning Maelstrom again. This time Perseus began to glow the same dark way he was when the coup began. He clicked the fingers on his free hand and his armor disappeared, he was trying to get Zeus to lose control. The same dark and malevolent energy began forming both of the scepter and his vibrating form. "So dear Zeus, how do you want to die." He asked mockingly, arms wide. Zeus snarled in an cannibalistic fashion and crouched low, and watched as his brother advanced gaining speed with every step. Just as his brother reached him, Zeus twisted out of the way and jumped to the side. Suddenly, a blur of bronze connected with Perseus' chest and sent him flying back into his own throne where he stayed non moving. Poseidon was not having a good day, first his idiot younger brother showed up in Atlantis and blackmailed him into joining a coup against the throne. Then he'd shown up and Perseus was pissed beyond the moon, following that he'd been tossed into a couple of buildings and temples before he managed to land a solid hit. He was glad his older brother seemed to be toying with him for the short time they 'fought'. Then he goes and stupidly makes a comment about Zeus not being able to stand up to Hades and he gets thrown from the room yet again. So naturally he turned on the person that caused all the damage, from a hundred feet outside the throne room he could clearly see and hear the events of the throne room. He almost laughed when he watched Hades take a seat and when they mocked Zeus it was priceless. When Zeus turned his back completely to the open doors, Poseidon took his chance to end something that should have never happened. Summoning his trident and rearing his arm back he threw the trident. He watched in fascination as it flew true, leaving a trail of blue energy. It was almost as if it was slow motion as the next event unfolded. Just before the trident connected with Zeus back he spun out of the way as if avoiding an attack from the front. Poseidon watched in horror as his own trident slammed into his oldest brother's exposed chest at godly speeds. He let out a strangled scream when Perseus was sent back into his throne where he lay hanging off the bottom portion like a rag doll. Flashing into the throne room, he watched as Zeus began laughing and Hades appeared in front of him so suddenly that he was but a momentary blur, the Lord of the Dead punched him in the face so hard that he crumpled to the floor. The two brother's raced to their fallen brother and dropped to their knees. "Perseus! Wake up, wake up please! WAKE UP!" Hades screamed in a panic. Poseidon could only stare at the trident in the chest of his brother, embedded until the shaft, his trident. His brother's downfall came by his hand. Hades was shaking Perseus' form as he screamed for him to wake up, out of all his siblings he was the closest he had to a family member. All the others still kept their distance but Perseus always treated him like a true brother, heck he'd raised them all. Suddenly, there was a thunderous crash of stone and Perseus' throne split down the middle and crumbled to the marble floor, leaving his body laying on top of boulders with a Celestial bronze shaft protruding from his chest. Hades quickly scrambled and lifted his body onto the clean marble surface and before his teary eyes and Poseidon's guilt ridden and shocked being, the king of Olympus flickered several times before fading out of existence. All that remained behind was an ichor covered trident laying across the marble floor. Hades suddenly got to his feet and his Helm appeared on his head, he rounded on Poseidon with a bloody fury screaming from his eyes. "You bastard! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?"