heard a knocking at my- Percy's - door. I walked over to open it only to reveal my friend Emma, daughter of Iris (the one Leo has the hots for). We started getting to know each other during both our morning jogs (we had the same route). She had caramel waves for hair, and her eyes were constantly changing color, much like Piper's. She was a pure sweetheart, but definitely a badass under everything. "Hey," she smiled. "Hi," I smiled back. "Come in." She stepped inside and sat on the bed with her legs crossed; This isn't the first time we've hung out together. I definitely loved having another girl friend; Since Piper left, it was only me- Not to mention that Thalia could almost never visit. "So what's up?" I asked. "Well I wanted to ask you something... You know Leo right?" Oh shoot , I thought. "Yeah, why?" "Well... Ugh I really hate admitting this... But yesterday we started talking at the rock climbing wall... And I think... I think there might've been something between us." A girl actually... likes Leo back ?! My mouth involuntarily gaped open. "What?" she asked worried with her eyes wide. I tried stifling my laugh- I didn't do too well. "I'm sorry it's just- This morning... Leo said the same thing about you. Well besides the part that he hated to admit it." She gasped. "Really?! Oh gods, that's so relieving," she said slumping back in relief. "I'm still kinda disappointed in myself for feeling something towards him, though." I laughed. "Don't be. He's not as bad as many people are lead to believe." There. Good word put in. Emma smiled warmly. "Well I guess I don't have to ask you to talk to him for me or anything anymore," she teased. Soon we were catching up and talking about all sorts of stuff before realizing I was late to my class. Shoot . I had to cut Emma off mid-sentence. "I'm so sorry, but I'm late for my class!" She nodded understandably and raced after the door right behind me. Dinner was really boring (as usual), since none of my siblings and I are actually good friends. I went back to Cabin 3 after dinner and began working some more on an Olympus project I started not too long ago on my new laptop. It was starting to get late and I was wondering where Percy was, and where our friends from Camp Jupiter were too. And as if on cue, Percy walked through the door. "Hey," he said casually, with his usual mischievous grin that always got me. I raised my eyebrow. "Where were you?" "Did some late night sparring with that Ares kid Jonathon. He thought he could beat me," he gloated. Percy just loved being a show off when it came to his sword skills. I rolled my eyes for what seemed like the 20th time today. "So I'm guessing you won?" His grin stretched even wider. Yep. "I'm gonna go take a shower." He began walking to his dresser to grab clothes for after his shower and I couldn't explain it but... I just wanted to get up and kiss him. Even while he's all sweaty. So I got up and turned around to find Percy rummaging through his stuff. I walked over to him. "Hm?" He asked, probably wondering if I needed to steal a hoodie or something. "I was just thinking about it... And I realized that we haven't had much time together lately." Percy scrunched his bushy eyebrows together. "What do you mean? We just went to the lake this morning and we go to bed together every night." "I know, but..." I stepped closer to him and started running my hands up his sides, looking up at him. " Oh ..." He finally caught on. I reached up and connected my lips to his. He instantly kissed me back with just as much passion. I felt his hands grab hold around my waist as he pulled me even closer. One of my hands ran through his hair while the other held his face as he continued to deepen our kiss. Soon our kiss got hotter and messier with our mouths and tongues sloppily connecting, as Percy started pushing us away from his dresser. My shirt was ripped off and thrown to who knows where, revealing my scarlet lacy bra. Percy finally pushed us up against his desk and lifted me up and onto it, never breaking our kiss. Gods this felt so good . Soon his shirt was off too, and his hands were constantly racing all over my body, igniting every part of my skin. His lips glided their way from mine, and latched onto my neck. My hands were still running through his jet black hair. He knew just where to go to drive me insane, and it didn't help that his hands were tracing my thighs. Percy sucked harder on the spot and a longing moan escaped my lips. He moved all over my neck, leaving me sitting there like a groaning mess. "Oh my-... fuck ..." I breathed out as his lips soon started trailing downwards to my chest. Before Percy and I could do anything about it, the door swung up revealing our friends shouting, "We're here!" All smiles until they saw just what Percy and I were doing. I don't think I've ever been so disappointed to see my friends- I could say the same for Percy, judging by the face he made when he whipped his head around in confusion. Leo came up from the back of the crowd and gulped. "I told them to knock..." A/N: Hey! I know that this chapter was kinda all over the place but usually my first chapters are that way just to get my stories off the ground. Some promising chapters are soon to come! Also, please feel free to tell me all of your thoughts on the story!