looked to be of native american descendant looked at her and exclaimed how you shouldn't say things like that to people. I just laughed and said," The name's Percy and you all are?", The blonde who asked quirked a blonde brow and replied," Annabeth Chase," The extremely tanned girl sitting next to her has choppy brown hair that reaches a little past her shoulders and she has multiple random braids with feathers braided into them. She was beautiful without even trying," I'm Piper McLean", she said with a big smile showing her pearly whites. Then the dark skinned girl with long curly golden brown hair and golden eyes said," i'm Hazel Levesque," Then for the rest of the lunch block we all chattered and laughed. They all seem so friendly and accepting./ All of a sudden a lanky boy with curly blonde hair appeared at our table with a scowl. ", I know you were the reason behind the chair accident today Valdez and shall also know as soon as I tell him." he humphed with his head held high as if he were above us all and we were his peasants. Cocky bastard. Then a short pale girl with wavy mousy flaming red hair and glaring green came up behind this cocky bastard and hit him right upside the head. "Octavian! How many time do I have to tell ya to knock it off and stop being such a snitch! We both have high positions in this school but you don't need to go around using it to your advantage and telling Chiron something that someone might of clearly deserved!" Octavian's face burned bright us he slumped over. Then the girl took a little stuffed bear from her pocket and handed it to him. " Now, run along and go cut open some bears.!", he then took the bear from her grasp and he actually looked somewhat happy as he ran off with a stuffed toy. The girl then sat on our table and laughed. ", Gee Leo nice going back at class", she said with a wink. What? How she know about that? She for sure wasn't in there class and they just came from there? Before I could ask her, she turned to me and said," Hello Perseus Allen Jackson", she said with a smirk as if she wanted to freak me out. ", Um how in Poseidon's name did you know my whole entire name?", I questioned and not hiding the fact that she's seriously freaking me out within the tone of my voice. "Oh iv'e always just been known to know just about everything and it does help of my status as the vice president and that guy just now is also the vice president. We have two because this school is gigantic." She then hopped off of the table and smirked and winked at all of us." Oh and you guys are just going to be the perfect group of friends, I just know it," she said and then ran off. "Boy was today tiring", I said to myself as I flopped onto my bed. " Such strange people", I mumbled as I slowly fell into darkness. A face less boy laid underneath me. I could hear his panting breath begging for more as I trailed kisses along his colorless chest, down to his torso and then slowly down his now black colored happy trail. His throbbing erection standing up against the cold air. I could hear his pleads. Then, he wrapped his arms around my neck and I felt how cold his fingertips felt, almost corpse like. I then looked up at his face to see it no longer face less and instead he had long strands of dark hair cascading around his flushed face and the dark pools of his empty irises. I reached up to feel his reddened check to feel that they have no warmth. I let out a gasp of shock, and then the boy underneath me took that to his advantage and flipped me over and he stared into my sea green irises. He grabbed my rock hard member and positioned himself above me. He rubbed his little hole on the tip of my member, teasing me. He then lowered his face next to my ear and whispered- With a gasp I woke up. What the fuck was that!? I never had a dream like that! It was always some faceless guy and he would never take charge like that... What was that cold boy going to say? I wondered but then my train of thought faltered as I looked down and saw my erection through my boxers. Great just great. Well I guess I should... I laid back and slowly snaked my hand around my member. But after a couple of movements I felt a lingering ice cold stare upon me. What? I continued to stroke myself but I felt so exposed with the ice cold feeling. I then felt what felt like fingertips touch the tip of my cock. This surprising, me caused me to buckle under the cold feeling. "Nope no,no,no,no,no,no" I chanted over and and over again to myself as I hopped out of bed. Okay Percy what the hell is going on with you!? Okay i'm just gonna shower yeah that's probably for the best. As I showered I could still feel the lingering ice cold strange feeling upon my body. No matter how hard I tried I couldn't shake it off... So this is my first fanfic I hoped you enjoyed whoever may read it and please feel free to leave a review :D oh and this was posted yesterday but I was having some technical difficulties and now ii have it fixed so yay! Oh and this story is also posted on archive of our own under the same title but a different username instead of AzureSpirit i'm AzureGhost. And the second chapter will be up either this weekend or Monday.