entered, there were only four gods in the chamber: Zeus, Hera, Hermes, and Athena. Percy was a little relieved his father wasn't present; he still wasn't ready to face him yet. The thought of meeting the man who had actually been with his mom… the thought made him want to vomit. Thalia walked forward and bowed in front of Zeus. He figured she was his daughter, when he first saw her; her azure blue eyes reminded him of the sky and all the power it held. He followed suit just to be safe. Offending immortal beings was not extremely high on his to do list, although the feeling it would happen sooner than later was all too present. "Father," she waited for his approval to speak. When he nodded, she continued. "I have two matters to discuss with you. The first was a request from Percy; he wishes to enlist in our military. He does have a group of friends who are willing to be his squad. I assume he would act as the commanding member seeing as they all look to him as their leader. He is the child of an unidentified minor god though, but they have succeeded in making it the wall and rescuing many civilians on the way." Zeus looked the boy over trying to estimate his power but he couldn't see much. When he glanced at the boy upon his entering he felt a radiance of power, but when he inspected him closer it was as if everything was distorted almost as if a fog was blanketing the boy. So he turned to his daughter, deciding to leave the decision up to her. "What is your opinion on the matter Thalia? Do you feel that his squad would be well enough prepared to skip training?" "I can't say. It is admirable that they were able to travel through titan territory and reach the wall, but I have not seen any of them in combat personally nor have I had time to judge how strong each of them are." "Hmm, and what of your other request?" "Well I came to ask any of you for a quest. My squad hasn't done anything in a while and we are all getting a little edgy... or bored depending on who you ask." Zeus' eyes became cold but an idea sprung into his head that made him smirk in triumph. "Well Thalia, if you indeed want a mission I have a perfect one for you. You will spend a week with Percy and his group; have them do some training exercises with you. Then at the end of the week hold a capture the flag game. If they beat you in this game they shall skip training, if they lose it will be your call on what happens to them." "Father, that's not what I…" "That is the mission assigned to you, take it or return to your posts at the wall." "Fine," She glared at Zeus anger darkening her features. "But Lord Zeus, if you are doing this to keep your precious daughter, safe then you are making a mistake. My team is one of the most capable ones you have and keeping us locked up inside the wall is doing a lot more harm than good." She turned and stormed out of the throne room. Percy turned to the gods and shrugged, bowing slightly he made his way outside to find Thalia kicking a tree saying curses under her breath. "Daddy issues?" he joked. She turned and tried to kick him instead but he stepped out of the way. "Hey listen, I'm sure it must be hard having an over protective dad, but at least you know he cares about you. You can at least take some pleasure in that, right?" Thalia held her intense gaze on him for a while before dropping it to the ground. "Yeah, I guess so. So, it appears that I'm going to be seeing a lot of you and your friends this coming week. Training with us is hard though, so if at any time you feel like quitting just let me know okay?" "Is that a challenge? I think we will do fine, don't worry about us. Thanks for the concern though." Thalia watched him walk away; many people had said that to her before but most of them quit before the end of the week. She couldn't help but think that Percy might be the same way. It made her sad for some reason, maybe it was because Percy had been nice to her or that he might be forced into a civilian camp even though he could be a great help. She thought back to the first time she saw him and how the great prophecy appeared in her mind when her eyes met his. It was an odd occurrence, everyone believed that she was the child mentioned in it but it never seemed right to her. She put it down to denial but it had been the only thought on her mind when she met Percy. But it couldn't be him; the prophecy specifically mentions that a child of the big three is the one who will end the war. She gave up thinking about it and made her way to give the news to her squad, the sea green eyes of a mysterious boy still lingering in her thoughts as she made her way out of the city of the gods. So that is chapter one, please let me know what you thought of it. Sorry for not writing much dialect but I wanted to try writing a majority of third-person, just to see how it was. I hope I did an okay job depicting the characters but let me know if something didn't sound right or anything. Thank you Garret, Callum, and Fractured by Design you guys were a great help. I hope everyone returns November first for the next chapter. Have a good month.