hell?' 'What?' 'You're all wet. Oh man, it's in your hair too - is that blood?' 'What?' She felt her hair, her hand came back sticky. 'Ugh, gross. Dammit, this is my favourite sweater.' 'Annabeth,' Percy's voice sounded strained, 'you're bleeding and all you care about is your sweater.' 'Percy, chill. It's corn syrup.' 'What?' 'Fake blood. You know, for all the props?' 'Oh. Yeah.' He shifted. 'Well, lets get out of here anyways.' Annabeth could understand his unease. Percy hated small spaces; not because he was claustrophobic, but his ADHD made him ansty in small spaces. He just wanted to get out. Annabeth took his hand and walked forwards, clambering over boxes and keeping her free hand pressed to the wall as they crept through the dark. Eventually, they came across a service door and Percy had to throw his shoulder against it a few times to get it open. They found their way back to reception and told them what happened. They offered to refund them but Annabeth just wanted to get out of there and Percy must have sensed her impatience because he politely refused and ushered her outside. As soon as they were on the sidewalk, Percy shrugged out of his jacket and draped it over Annabeth's shoulders. 'I'm fine.' 'You're covered in fake blood,' he reminded her. She knew that wasn't the only reason and made no further protest at his chivalry as she tucked her hands through the sleeves of his beloved jacket. It was too big for her and she felt a little kid as she pushed the sleeves up to free her hands and laced her fingers with Percy's. 'So, that was fun.' He gave her a look. Annabeth sighed and bumped her shoulder against his. 'I'm completely fine, you know? I mean, I'm pretty embarrassed at how much I lost my cool, but I'm totally fine.' He shook his head, refusing to look at her. Annabeth groaned. 'Please don't do the whole broody thing.' 'I'm not brooding.' 'Percy.' He looked down at her, eyebrows tugged together, mouth open as he tried to form a sentence. 'Use your words, Jackson.' His eyes narrowed a little as his lips twitched at a smile. 'I just don't want to lose you, Annabeth.' 'What makes you think you're going to lose me?' He scoffed and swung their hands between them as they walked. 'I'm still wondering why you're dating me in the first place.' Annabeth narrowed her eyes at him. 'You still haven't worked it out, have you?' 'Worked what out?' 'Why I wanted to date you in the first place.' He stopped and looked at her again, surprise plain on his face. 'I don't-' He sighed and ran his free hand through his messy hair. 'I don't know. To piss your dad off?' 'Wow. Good to know you think so much of me.' He frowned at her. 'Why then? Why the hell are you dating me?' 'Because you're a good person.' Percy raised his eyebrows at her. 'No really, you are. you might act like a hardass, but your momma raised you right.' Percy barked a laugh at that. 'I guess she did okay.' 'She did awesome. And you're so good to her, and you're funny and kind and you work hard at everything you do and you care, Percy. You showed that tonight - how much you care about me.' She tugged on his hand until he looked at her and they stopped on the quiet sidewalk, haloed under a streetlamp. 'It's why I love you.' Percy's eyes went wide. 'You-' 'I love you,' she repeated, unblinking as Percy gaped at her. Annabeth smiled and rocked up onto her tiptoes, bracing the hand that wasn't still linked with his against his chest. She pressed her mouth firmly to his and lingered as his arm came around her back, holding her to him. His arm was strong but his embrace was gentle and the kiss was slow and soft and Annabeth was melting against him, this boy she loved. Percy had a goofy smile plastered across his face when she drew away from him. Annabeth smiled and tucked herself against his side as they continued walking down the sidewalk. Half an hour later, they were back in Annabeth's building and she was delving into her pocket for her key. They both slowed down as they approached her door, wanting to extend the evening for as long as possible. Annabeth shrugged his jacket off and handed it back to him. 'Sorry if there's fake blood on it.' He shrugged. 'Sorry you have to wash it out of your hair.' 'Well, good night.' Percy nodded, and tipped his head down to kiss her. Annabeth leaned into him, clutching the fabric of his shirt between her fingers even as he pulled away. Percy rested his forehead against hers for a moment. 'I'm glad you're okay.' 'Me too.' He chuckled lightly and drew away from her completely. Annabeth released his shirt and turned away from him to unlock the door. She was halfway inside when she looked back at Percy. He was still standing there with his hands tucked into the pockets of his jeans, his jacket folded over his arm, and a smile teasing his mouth. 'What?' she asked. 'Love you, Chase.' He gave her one last grin and sloped off down the hall without a backwards glance. A/N so, this was fun in case you didn't catch on, Jane (flyingcrowbar) wrote Percy's pov and I wrote Annabeth's and this was the best fun i've had writing a fic for a while. i absolutely LOVE collabing with other writers and Jane is such an exceptional writer and human being and i adore her. she is my everything and if you're not following her on tumblr already or reading her ongoing fic I Got a Boy, then you totally should because she and the fic are AWESOME okay enough promoing thanks for reading guys, and HAPPY HALLOWE'EN! :D