quick to reply saying "Percy, think about it, our last five leaders, Frank, Reyna, Octavian, Me and you, only one of them was lifted up as Praetor on the battlefield, only one of them was responsible for being the savior of Rome and defending its borders, for being a Savior of Olympus, twice. No one will care if your father was a Greek god, as far as we can tell you are one of us too." said Jason. I was taken aback for a second, and I thought about it. The Romans had been there for me when I was lost and without them, I wouldn't have been where I was then. I had to help them but I couldn't have just taken over as leader. "Jason" I said, "there has to be another way". Jason was dead serious now and he said "Percy, if I can prove to you that Rome wants you to be its leader, will you swear, on the River Styx to do so." I thought about for a second, and then I finally said, "Yes, I swear on the River Styx". So Jason ushered me towards the door and off went towards the Senate, as we got closer and closer, I could hear a noise. The noise was growing louder and louder. " The suspense is killing me tell me already! What happens next? What happens next?" said Nico. " I will tell you but you have to stop interrupting me" said Percy. So, the noise was getting louder and louder, as we got closer to the Senate, I found out that the noise was chanting, and it was getting louder. I couldn't make out what was being said until we were 100 M away from the Senate. As soon as the Senate Building was insight, I saw hoards of Romans, from all cohorts surrounding the building; they were all chanting the same thing. They were chanting, "BRING BACK JACKSON, OUR TRUE LEADER". They had left a path clears so we could walk through. I was in shock, the Romans were so keen on having me as leader, they had forced the exile of two of their previous Praetors and Centurions. As soon as we got inside, I asked Jason "What about Frank and Reyna? Why did you get them to escape from Camp Jupiter". Jason was quick to respond "They were in danger, these protestors really do hate them, that's why I turned to you for help, with you as leader, you could clear their names. We continued walking until I was in the middle of the room. The Speaker of the House stood up and began to talk. "It is clear that this camp was dearly dissatisfied with the Administrators of New Rome and as a result, they were forced to step down from power. It has also been made clear that having a Praetor act, as leader for New Rome is also an idea that many people do not agree with. Lastly it has been made evident that Perseus Jackson is the most suitable candidate for the position of Leader of New Rome" and it was at that time that Jason gave a smirk mouthed "I told you so". I had to interrupt the Speaker, "Was it not the objective to have me instated as the Praetor?". Jason stood up to talk "I didn't get to tell you yet, we don't want you to be Praetor. With you being a descendant of Emperor Augustus and Julius Ceaser, as well as you being a child of one of the Big Three Gods, it would only be appropriate to elevate you to a higher title. As I am the High Priest, I now have the ability to crown you, Emperor. Don't go back on your promise Percy, New Rome needs you." Words couldn't describe how I had felt at that moment. I was asked to receive the greatest honor anyone could hope to achieve. Bound by my vow, I had no choice but to take it. "I accept the title," I said. " Wait, you don't mean….. " said Nico, struggling to find words. "You don't mean that that you became Emperor of New Rome do you?" " Yes Nico, I became Emperor of New Rome," I said. The speaker of the House started to speak once more and said, "The high Priest has permission to crown the new Emperor. Jason stood up and said "I Jason Grace, Pontifex Maximus, High Priest of the Gods, appoint Perseus-" " Wait hold on Percy, did they say your middle name? As in the middle name you refuse to tell anyone? This is going to be awesome!" said Nico. " Yes Nico, they say my middle name. God, sometimes I wish I wasn't telling you this story," said Percy. So yeah Jason said "I Jason Grace, Pontifex Maximus, High Priest of the Gods, appoint Perseus Augustus Ceaser Germanicus Tiberius Jackson, descendant of Emperor Augustus as well as Julius Ceaser, Son of the God of the Seas, Former Praetor, and Savior of Olympus as the first Emperor of New Rome. Do you have anything to say?" "Yeah"" I said, "Who told you my middle name?" and with a chuckle and a smile, I became Emperor Perseus Jackson. " So wait? Is that it?" said Nico who was now legitimately curious. " Well I mean there is a lot more" Percy said, "Do you want to hear it?" This time there was no hint of sarcasm in his voice. He knew that the next part of the story has a lot to do with why Nico was sent to the Underworld in the first place and would rather not tell it if he was given the choice. " I do indeed" said Nico, "Please tell me all of the story Perseus Augustus Ceaser Germanicus Tiberius Jackson." Nico was laughing his head off. " Well then, let us continue," said Percy who began to narrate the rest of the tale.