her legs. "And there is no dress code." She rolled her eyes. "There's always a dress code, Percy." "Not here, Princess." When they got inside the bar, Annabeth thought that there was a dress code, and Percy just didn't realise because his everyday dress just happened to fall perfectly within its guidelines. Everyone was in black - black leather, black denim, black everything. Normally navy was a nice, understated choice, but in this crowd she felt as though she might as well be wearing a fluro pink jacket. "Seriously, you look amazing," he said, mouth close to her ear so she could hear him over the music. The feeling of his breath against her neck made her shiver. "You always do." She squeezed his arm tighter and followed him into the crowd. When he spotted a girl with choppy hair drumming along the edge of a table with some straws, he slid out of Annabeth's grasp. Her stomach dropped. "Hey, Piper!" Percy called, and the other girl looked up, immediately dropping the straws. She smiled and threw her arms around him in a hug. "Percy, hey!" She still had her arms around his neck when she spotted Annabeth and her face froze. She pushed back and mouthed, "Is this her?" Percy nodded, reaching again for Annabeth's hand and pulling her up to stand beside him. "Piper, this is Annabeth. Annabeth, this is Piper." "Hello," Annabeth said, trying to sound as confident as possible. Percy squeezed her hand. "Hey," Piper said. The two girls eyed each other for a moment. Annabeth considered going in for a hug, but then Piper held out a closed fist. Annabeth mimicked her and gave her a fist bump. Piper's smile showed off her sharp canine teeth, making her look terrifyingly beautiful. Annabeth was still trying to decide the colour of her eyes when she said, "You ready for the show?" Annabeth had thought she was ready, but she wasn't. They stuck at the very back of the audience, but despite Percy's best efforts to protect her from the crowd, which moved in surges and waves only loosely timed to the music, she somehow ended up losing a shoe. Percy tried looking for it, but it was a lost cause. As soon as he realised this, he pressed her against his side, looped an arm around her waist, half picked her up and carried her out of there. "I'm so sorry," he said when they were out on the street. He didn't let her go. The night air felt extra brisk compared to the heat of all those bodies crushed together inside. Annabeth rubbed her arms. She shrugged. "I'm a little upset, I'm not going to lie. But please don't feel bad - it wasn't your fault. Besides, they're an old pair." As if Annabeth was going to wear new heels to a bar with who-knows-what on the floor. Percy mimicked her shrug. "I still feel bad. How can I make this up to you?" She glanced down at her bare foot, then up the dark road they had to walk to get home. "Uh. Well…" Percy piggy backed her the whole way home without a single complaint. And Annabeth allowed herself to think, for the very first time, that she could very possibly see herself falling in love with this boy - this silly boy with the broad shoulders and strong arms and kind heart. She kissed him, first. It was a spur of the moment decision at the end of their third date. He dropped her home for the night and said goodbye at the door, dropping the usual quick kiss to her forehead before turning to go. She stood with her hand on the doorknob for fifteen seconds too long before running after him. He heard her at the last second - he just had time to turn around before she was barreling into him, knocking them both off their feet and sending them sprawling to the ground. He managed to half sit up, with her still on top of him, before her lips met his. The kiss was hard and quick and weeks' worth of pent up energy released in one burst, but god it was glorious. When she realised what she was doing, Annabeth pulled back, breathing heavily. She sat back on her heels and pushed her hair behind her ears. "Thank you," she murmured, "for -" She didn't get to tell him what she was thankful for. Percy's fingers were calloused and his grip was strong, but he cradled her face like she was the most precious thing in the world. He tilted her head up and kissed her again. This time it was soft and sweet and lingering, and when they parted Annabeth was breathless in an entirely different way. "Thank you," she whispered against his lips. She heard the click of a camera phone as someone wolf-whistled them. Annabeth looked up to see Percy's friends standing in a semi circle, gaping. Some of them were carrying instruments, like they were on their way to or from a gig. She hadn't met all of them before, and the ones she did recognise she'd only met very briefly. Piper was smirking. Annabeth's face flushed bright red and she quickly made sure her skirt hadn't flipped too far up her thighs. What an impression to make. Percy followed her gaze, his frown melting into an exasperated smile when he recognised his mates. He got to his feet, helping Annabeth up and tucking her underneath his arm, nestled safely against his side. Before he could say anything, she decided to take control of the situation. "Hi, I'm Annabeth," she said with a smile. "Percy's girlfriend." His grin was so wide she didn't even need to turn her head to see it clearly. a.n. for more discussion about the absolute joys that are punk!percy and girly!annabeth you can follow me on tumblr as bananannabeth , i'm always up for talking about this au!