I can say." The being laugh and replied, "Ah my boy. So headstrong, loyal and caring. No wonder Solarion and El'driun have chosen you to be their wielder." I narrowed my eyes and drew my swords and said, "I will not ask again. Who are you?" The being laughed and replied, "My boy. My name is Moros. Former wielder of Solarion. I am the primordial god of Destiny and Doom. I came here because Solarion needs to be unlocked. It cannot be stored in the form of Blackfyre anymore. Hand the sword to me." I hesitated. I said, "How do I know that I can trust you?" Moros replied, "You can." I handed him my sword and said, "If you do anything that endangers anyone here, I will kill you." Moros smiled and replied, "I won't." He took the sword and muttered in an ancient language. Blackfyre begin to glow in a white light, and when it died down, a gold spear, with six blades near the spear tip, glowed with power, was in his hand. The spear shaft has angelic runes on it, glowing in power. The spear tip was the most mysterious part. It is a three pointed spear tip, like an arrow head being enlarged to fit the spear. But it has a gap that has electricity sparking between it. Moros said, "This is Solarion. Blackfyre is just a name that Helix uses to cover Solarion's true form and identity. Helix gave it to me when I first became a primordial god. But, when I was defeated by Order. Helix stole it from his treasury and locked it in the form of Blackfyre. He gave it to you, its current wielder. It's yours now." He handed Solarion to me. When my hand touches the spear, it disappeared in a flash of light. I looked at Moros, and he shrugged and said, "I have no power over it now. Look to your spear." And he drew his sword and attack. I spun to dodge his attack and immediately reached for Blackfyre. A flash of light appeared in my hand and it elongated into Solarion. The spear immediately glowed brightly, enveloping me. When the light died down, I was equipped in full battle armour. They are mobile pieces of gold armour that allow me to wield the spear without reducing my speed and mobility. I twirled my spear in my hand and started to counterattack when Moros sheathed his sword and said, "Now you know where it is. It will come to you when you summon it with a thought. It cannot be wielded by anyone else." Now return to Utopia and report on Sira's death. The kingpin must be found." With a flash of light, Moros was gone. I twirled Solarion and the armour was gone, leaving me in my regular cloak. With a faint glow, Solarion disappeared as well. I muttered, "That is one legendary spear." I turned and said to Shay and Hope, "Head back to the Crusader. We have a long journey back to Utopia." He nodded and headed to the airlock bridge, Hope holding to his arm. Thalia walked over to me and said, "Let's head to bed ok?" I nodded and started to follow her when I sensed imminent danger. I immediately summoned Solarion and it appeared in a flash of light. I turned and block a strike from Annabeth. I hissed, "What do you want?" She glared at me and tried to push against Solarion's shaft with Knightfall. She replied, "For leaving us up here. I told you we can help." I pushed her off and attack her. Solarion pulsed with power and an explosion of light emitted from the spear tip, blasting her backwards. She flew back and landed on her back with an oomph. I walked up to her and placed Solarion's tip on her throat and said, "I don't need your help. My team, Shay, Hope and I are doing fine on my own. You and the other Wielders will only be a hindrance to us. You are headed back to Earth. This is not up to discussion. You are untrained warriors under the name of the Wielders. You are far better on Earth under the command of the gods. Once back on Utopia, you seven are heading back to Earth." With that, I removed Solarion from her throat and it disappeared with a faint glow. I walked back to Thalia and we started to walk back down to the lower decks. Before I follow Thalia, I said, "You want to help? Go back to Earth. You will be helpful there." With that, I followed Thalia down below deck and entered my personal chambers. Thalia was already there, preparing for bed. When she saw me, she smiled and said, "Don't be so hard on them Percy. They just want to help." I shook my head and replied while I keyed in the autopilot on my wrist computer. "They are not ready to take on the criminals that plagued the universe. The safest place for them is on Earth. Besides, The List will lead us all over the universe." I stripped down to my long pants and said, "Besides, they will only be in the way if they stayed. I don't really trust them after what they did to me." Thalia stood up and kissed me passionately. She licked my lip and I let her into my mouth and she engaged my tongue in a sensual dance. When we parted for air, she said, "Let go of the past my love. They can be a great help if they have training." I grinned and replied, "I'm not training them. The trainers back in Utopia will train them." Thalia grinned and kissed me again. When we parted for air, she whispered into my ear, "I want you now." I grinned and whispered back, "Don't moan too loud." With that, she meshed her lips to mine once more and darkness overcome me.