at the stars. In the dim light the planes of her face appeared sharper, and rather than their usual multicoloured hue her irises just looked black. She looked older and darker, somehow more solid than normal, even though she was almost all shadow. She didn't turn her head as he approached, but he saw her shoulders tense. He stopped a few feet away and considered what to say. "Come to reprimand me, Mr Grace?" she said before he'd made up his mind, voice dull and listless. "Why do you do that?" he asked without preamble. She quickly glanced at him before looking away again. "Do what?" "Deliberately piss people off? Deliberately push people away? Why can't you just contribute to the discussion? I know you're clever, Piper, I know you have ideas that could help us with this quest. Why don't you share them?" She snorted. "What are you talking about, Jason? I'm just a daughter of Aphrodite, how do you expect me to contribute to strategies and war games?" Jason clenched his hands into fists at his sides. Piper's tough exterior, the conceited one that said she thought she was better than everyone else, was hard enough to deal with - but this, this secondary layer of insecurities, of self-deprecation in its cruelest form, this was worse. "Don't play dumb! Don't - don't do that. I'm trying to talk to you, to have a mature conversation -" "Why does everything have to be mature with you? Why can't you just do things without overthinking it?" He caught the glint of her eyes as she rolled them, and he knew that they weren't talking about battle strategies anymore. "Because actions have consequences, and I care -" "Oh, you care? You care ?" Piper got to her feet and stood opposite him, spine straight and chin lifted. "What do you care about Jason? Saving the world? Going home a hero? Reliving your glory days?" His rebuttal stuck in his throat. He could feel charmspeak in her words but he didn't doubt they would have stunned him even without that power. She continued on, flinging her arms out to the sides, "Because guess what! Those days are over. This is no longer your game, and nothing you do is ever going to make you the hero you once were. And the sooner you realise that the sooner you'll be able to -" "I care about you , Piper." She stopped dead, all the wind taken from her sails. Her hands dropped to her sides and she stared at him in silence, features rendered vulnerable by genuine shock. He sighed, a deep, bone-rattling sigh, and looked at her hopelessly. "I just wish you cared about yourself half as much I care about you." When she still didn't respond, he just shook his head and walked away, leaving her speechless and alone in the night. Neither of them brought it up again, but Piper got a bit better after that. She stopped deliberately antagonising Annabeth quite so much, which immediately decreased the tension between her and Percy, which helped put everyone else somewhat at ease. She started actually contributing to their meetings, offering a valuable perspective on what their enemies would be expecting that none of the others had considered before. She spent less time drinking wine and more time with Leo in the engine room, getting to know the inner workings of the ship and telling him wild stories about her past. Jason took a detour by there some days, stopping outside the door where they couldn't see him and listening to them talk. Piper consistently gave Leo terrible advice about how to get a girlfriend, but whenever the conversation drifted into darker territory, like what had happened to Leo's mum or how he was genuinely worried that no one was ever going to love him again, she gave her responses the thoughtful consideration they deserved; she was honest without being blunt, caring without being patronising. "People already love you, Leo. You've got a whole ship full of people who love you right here." The teenager scowled and wiped his grease covered hands on his apron. "You know that's not what I mean." Piper sighed, and Jason leaned closer to the edge of the doorway to hear her better over the constant hum of the engine. "Look, romantic love isn't all it's cracked up to be." "You're a daughter of Aphrodite, how can you say that?" "I'm a daughter of Aphrodite who's only ever been in love once, a long, long time ago, and look how that turned out." There was a pause, but she didn't elaborate and Leo didn't press her to. When she next spoke her voice was about as low and serious as Jason had ever heard it. "It's not nice being vulnerable like that, Leo. Trusting your whole self to another person, giving them the power to break you? It's scary. Every time you let yourself fall in love with someone, you lose a piece of who you were before. You're changed forever, just through the simple act of loving them, even without them loving you back. And people try to tell you a relationship is about being equals, but it's not. One person always has more power than the other, and it's never fair." "All's fair in love and war though, right?" Leo half-joked, trying to lighten the mood in a way that was painfully obvious. There was a long silence, and Jason held his breath as he waited to hear what Piper would say. Just as he began to think that maybe he didn't want to know her response after all, he heard her sigh. Her voice was soft and sad and not at all like the one she used around Jason when she said, "Maybe. But you can't be in love while you're in a war." As quietly as he could, Jason turned and walked back the way he'd come, her words echoing in his ears.