looks to mind always, and you will need more than fallen demigods." "I have the power to allow you to be alive in this world with your own thoughts, but also many times over in other worlds. Not only that but what you have done up to know no matter who they bring cannot change what has happened so no fear of Moros from your world appearing but they cannot stop you from being the son of the Fates." "If I do accept to belive in what you have said how can I trust someone I don't even know. If you say Gaea did this for an evil reason, how do I know you are not doing the same?" "Because I am a being who is meant to make sure the equality of worlds stays in balance, and yours is not that way/ If I was different I would have allowed her to do as she wishes." "I have given been given names by others, but I dont allow myself to keep them as to prevent my being from being used. However I will give you some gifts to show you I am a friend. Firstly I have removed Tartarus from his dwelling while still keeping his monsters in their trap." "Some will still escape but should you have it made so you can prevent most, but you cannot do it to everyone. 80 percent of the big beings will still stay where they are but there is always a chance some will still escape like always, but you will not have as it were if he had perished which would have ended your world." "But there are more costs, and benefits to what I have done. Firstly I have destroyed his book, and knife that was the main reason for your last war, so that something like that will never be so again. The costs are Tartarus is loyal to you, and he has been given back full and total power he had before, but some he never knew he had." "So you mean it could still take some titans hundred of years to reform while a hellhound could only take minutes?" "That is correct, but with how your demigods are being trained now they can handle anything, but I have made it so monsters on your world will never attack humans." "Another gift I have been given is as soon as I leave here so long as you all keep my secret is your mothers will regain their full powers, and never lose the again, but I will also amplify their power by 15 percent. As long as you all survive this." "The other gift that I have been given you is a power that Gaea now has from other ways. You will be able to travel to other worlds which there are more than you can imagine, and can take allies to your side, and be brought back to your world in secret that Gaea will not be aware of to her they will be normal demigods. But your mind will also still be here in this world, and communicate with each other." "But if I can ask this with my power now how will any of them believe me, and what if Gaea or her allies find me in another world what I am doing?" "My power will protect you. In most worlds I am known as being of true equality, and I have just given you a symbol of myself, that resembles your goddess Nemesis but different in other worlds." "I will say this though if you find evil beings even if he had the face of your own father chances are they will not change their mind in being evil, and there could always be a chance to join Gaea." "So my power that I have to destroy them will work there also?" He nodded his head. "That is true but your power to steal power may not always work there like it does here it could still work but that is not to say your enemies powers will not also grow if they gain allies, but my final gift is this." "You have a power not only to your exact power of sharing power, but say you had given your power that was taken from Atlas, if you take a power from another world, and gave it to another you can triple it's power to the given ally." The being looked up into the sky, and shook his head. "She is returning now, I must go I have placed a blessing on you so she will not know what I have done so long as this stays between you, me, and the Fates, then it will last a while but sooner or later she will discover so use my gifts as you can, but know this even with my help I can only do so much, so if you wish to speak to me again you must do something to cause an inbalance." He disappeared, and at once when he was gone my mothers transported me to their home, and they shivered. Pontus came up to me with my son in tow, but at once they ordered them to go away beyond anyway to hear us, and before I could blink they were gone. My mothers sat with their heads in the hands. "We can feel our powers returning, but can we still really trust him, we have given our son the gift to travel back in time but how can he travel to another world?" We could only think, until I felt something in my pocket way me down, it wasn't the watch I had been given by my mothers instead I pulled out a dark symbol of balance, the difference was it was constantly moving. My stopwatch glowed in harmony with the object, and the combined, and in the middle was a moving watch. "I wish to go to another world."