she can think herself out of it. "I've been an idiot, Percy. I took everything that I was feeling and projected it onto you, I pretended that I knew best when I don't really know anything, and I'm so sorry. I'm sorry that I didn't listen to you, I'm sorry that I couldn't just let you be angry and scared when you had every right to be, I'm sorry that I pushed you away. It wasn't you that kept dragging me down there, it was me, it was just me and my stupid stubbornness, and I'm sorry that it took me so long to realise it. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me and I completely understand if you want me to leave, but I just had to tell you, I had to come here and tell you…" Until now the words have been coming out before she could stop them, a great flood of everything Annabeth's been bottling up for the last year, but here, she pauses. Percy doesn't interrupt. He just squeezes her hand, and that simple gesture gives her the courage to keep going. Keeping her eyes locked on his, she says, "You're my friend, Seaweed Brain. And I love you." Percy's expression shifts to something she doesn't recognise. When did she stop being able to read his emotions? When did she lose the ability to know what he was thinking at nothing more than a glance? The realisation hits Annabeth like a freight train, a heavy weight settling against her chest, and her throat constricts around the knowledge that a year of fighting might be enough to undo five years of friendship. Maybe she's too late. Maybe the damage runs too deep. "You're impossible," he says, and for one horrible, gut wrenching, heart breaking second, she's convinced that they're done. But then he surges forward, and suddenly his lips are on hers and his arms are wrapped around her shoulders and her waist and oh, Annabeth feels all of the little, cracked pieces of herself settling into place for the first time in a year. It's been so long since she's kissed Percy and yet his mouth still feels the same under hers, lips chapped but soft, smelling of an ocean breeze and tasting ever so slightly of salt, and gods she's missed this. The entire world could end right now and Annabeth would not care, so long as Percy kept kissing her like this. When he pulls back she chases him, but he ducks his head and nuzzles his nose against that sensitive spot beneath her ear so that she can't recapture his lips. Desire curls hot and low in Annabeth's stomach, makes her spine arch and her breath come in needy little gasps. "I love you," Percy says, and it sounds like a prayer. "Gods, Annabeth, I love you so much." He pushes her up against the apartment door, fumbles to get his key in the lock with one hand while the other tenderly cradles the back of her head and she moans into his mouth. The door swings open and they stumble inside, almost completely losing their footing before Percy manages to kick the door shut behind them. Annabeth's so preoccupied with touching every single inch of Percy that she almost misses the fact that Sally and Paul did take her advice in rearranging the lounge room. Before she can get a good look at it, Percy hoists her into the air and every thought that doesn't involve his hands on her is dashed from Annabeth's mind. She wraps her legs around his waist, looping her arms around his neck and holding herself up. He gently bites at her neck and she moans again, louder this time, and scrambles to push his jacket off his shoulders. She lifts the hem of his shirt, lets her fingers dance along the waistband of his jeans until he's bucking against her hips, and then leans back just long enough to pull the thin material over his head and throw it to the floor before diving back in for a kiss. He gets her coat and sweater off in the lounge, her shirt off in the hallway, and she kicks her boots off just outside his bedroom door. He carefully lays her on his bed, looking down at her with reverence, and Annabeth's heart swells. The photo from her laptop is up on his wall, and as she curls her hands around his shoulders and pulls him down to her, Percy smiles that same smile - the one that means he's completely, blissfully happy. "What about the tree?" Annabeth asks between peppering kisses across his cheeks, his nose, his chin, his eyelashes. "It can stay out there," he says, tilting his head to the side and catching her in a kiss. "I've waited all year for this." It starts and ends with this: "Together." Annabeth stares at Percy, and Percy stares at Annabeth. They're almost unrecognisable from who they were when they met, or when they started dating, or from a year ago. But that's okay. Because a lot has changed in that time, so it makes sense that they've changed, too. She feels his fingers twitch in hers, registers that she's probably holding his hands too tightly but acknowledges that she doesn't want to let go just yet. She's sitting in his lap, their hands clasped between them, and both of them are crying. She knows that he doesn't want to let go yet, either. It's nice to be anchored together again. Annabeth takes a deep breath, one that rattles her very bones, feels her heart beating wildly in her chest, feels her stomach fluttering and her mouth going dry. She licks her lips. Percy watches, and she thinks about kissing him. So she does. They've still got a long way to go, but Percy and Annabeth have made it through Tartarus and everything that comes after, and they're going to keep going. Together.