should have put on shoes before he left his cabin to kill those crab thingies. Then again, he hated wearing shoes in the water. "Oh, that hurt, that hurt a lot. Oh gods, even more than a door to the face. Even more than a door to the face! " Percy complained loudly, dropping down to hug his poor, injured foot. Percy looked around and noticed that the whole room was a mess, hammers, screws, screwdrivers, wires, pieces of machinery everywhere. Even on his bed. A three legged desk was walking around the mess. Maybe the fumes in the room went to Percy's head. "What is up with your room, Valdez?" Percy said as the table passed him. He tried not to gape at it. He saw Leo shrug before going and crawling onto his bed, careful not to disturb the seemingly dangerous gadgets that layed there. Percy just knew one of them was meant to explode. The box like one on the end of the bed had a clock surface, frozen with one last second left. Percy swallowed hard. "So, what do you want?" Leo said, looking down at him from his bed. His hands were already moving again, grabbing pieces of wire and tying them together, weaving some kind of metal net that he laid on top of one of the other machine-y thingies. Percy thought it resembled a naked tank. The most disconcerting fact was that the gun part was facing Percy. He tried ignoring it. "I wanted to see what's up," Percy said as nonchalantly as he could manage. The gun was really throwing him off. "The sky," Percy rolled his eyes. What in the world did he do to deserve this treatment? He was being a good person today! "Come on, Valdez!" Percy groaned. "What did I do? You're acting as if I broke your favorite explosive machine toy or something." Leo huffed, throwing a screwdriver at Percy's face. Gods, if Percy didn't have better demigod reflexes then almost everyone on this ship, he would have lost an eye. He very much liked his eyes. Especially since Annabeth liked his eyes too. Yeah, he wanted to keep his eyes. "What the Hades!?" Percy exclaimed. Now Leo was trying to kill him! What did he do?! "Seriously! Leo, if I did anything, please tell me before maiming me!" "I wouldn't be able to kill you if I set all of the Argo II 's ballistae on you," Leo said as if that was obvious. Percy really hoped Leo was planning too. Percy was about to say something, ask again why Leo was mad with him, when Leo went on. "Why do you always do that?" Leo mumbled, bent over his gadgets. Percy frowned. "Do what?" he asked. Leo looked up and made that kind of face that said Are you serious? Yes, Percy was very serious. "Why are you always stealing the spotlight?" Leo said with over exaggerated care, like he was talking to a two year old. Percy's frown deepened until he processed what the other actually said. Steal the spotlight? Steal the spotlight… Light bulb! "You mean with the crab monsters?" Percy asked. Did Leo want to fight them too? Percy bit his lip. "Not just the crab monsters," Leo said, sounding exasperated. "It's all the monsters. I mean, you're scary as Hades when you fight and I wouldn't even think of trying to fight you-" "You threw a screwdriver at me," Percy interrupted. Leo ignored him. "I mean, yeah, you're pretty crazy awesome. And you kill the monsters like it's nothing. But I am going to lose it if I can't shoot my ballistae at least once . I am dying of boredom, watching you chop monster after monster after monster. Even Frank wants in on the action! And he's Frank!" Percy blinked. Then he frowned. He wasn't sure he was keeping up with the situation. "So you just want to fight?" he asked uncertainly. Leo nodded his head quickly, as if he was suddenly rejuvenated. "Yes, I want to test out a bunch of cool things that I made. I want to blow things up again! I made this cool explosive that's supposed to make a blast of six meters in diameter and then suck in all the wreckage, cage in on itself and self-destruct…" Leo went on and on about some of his best projects he's been working on and Percy was left wondering how he got himself stuck in this situation in the first place. *~0~0~0~* Annabeth's P.O.V. *~0~0~0~* Annabeth chuckled as she listened to Leo ramble and Percy try to interfere unsuccessfully. Piper sighed beside her and they both made their way back to the upper deck. "I guess Leo's doing enough," Annabeth said and Piper sighed again. "Does Percy really not notice that he's always the one taking on the strong monsters?" Piper said doubtfully. Annabeth glanced her way and it was her turn to sigh. When was the crew going to learn that Percy was Percy? Taking on the biggest, baddest monsters, was his way of worrying over his family. Annabeth's known Percy long enough to know that it was apart of his personality to be overprotective. He would always worry over Leo, Piper, Hazel, Jason, and Frank because he thought they needed protecting. Annabeth would talk to him later and enlighten him on the subject. He didn't have to work alone to protect everyone. And the crew was capable of protecting themselves when need be. She smiled at the thought. Her Seaweed Brain was so adorable. "I'll tell you later," Annabeth said to answer Piper's question. "It's kind of a long story behind Percy's unreasonable overprotective nature." At first, it looked like Piper didn't understand when suddenly, she smiled as well. Annabeth could trust her friend to understand the nature of people and their relationship towards others. *~0~0~0~* I genuinely hoped you enjoyed. Please leave a review! ('cause this is my first fanfic, just saying... ;)