she? She only answered the prayers of her Hades, Hestia, and Hera)- made her help destructive. Her help came in the form of the mighty Python, who nearly killed pregnant Leto. After the first rumours- whispers, but Hera, never a very secure person, heard them all.- she decided she would be the villain. She was done being the damsel in distress. It was one of the reasons for why she hated Aphrodite. What has love ever done for her? Spoiler alert: Nothing. And so, she would do nothing for love. It was fun to be the villain. Done- she was done with enduring in silence. If it was a villain Zeus was making, then a villain she would be. Grandmother Gaia became bitter, too, and betrayed her and her siblings, but it was okay. Sometimes, she liked to think she was forever. That tomorrow, she will have the power. Sometimes, she liked to think she was invincible. That tomorrow, she will still be Queen. Sometimes, she pretends she is a statue, a modern one, made of cold-and-hot diamond and precious metals, unfeeling and untarnished, a perfect statue. The other nights, she is a glass mirror, broken beyond repair, unable to speak. She pretends she's invincible, though. Because, in her mind, she is. Hera continued like this for years- millennia - and maybe she would have gone on like that forever, until she met Annabeth Chase. She instantly hated the child, because, deep in the future, she could see her getting the happy ending that she had always wanted, but never gotten. And never would. Hera didn't want to kill the girl, though, so she controlled her fatal flaws, sent her the tame curses- cow pies, mostly. There were close to no happy endings, in her mind, and she wanted something to hold onto. Until the Battle of Manhattan. When her envy of Annabeth became full-blown respect for her and for Perseus Jackson. For his loyalty, unwavering and constant. For her wisdom, shown at such a young age. For her taming of her hubris- it was better than Athena's! There was no doubt in her mind that she would not respect any demigods more than them. So she gave her form of apologizing at the time- the patented i will tolerate you response. But she wished she had enough of a heart to give an actual apology. She tried. It never worked. She was proven wrong when she met Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano. So much pain and suffering! And still the girl endured? It was like nothing she had ever seen before. She felt bad for her, and almost regretted sending her champion away. The boy would remember her, she thought. Who in their mind would forget her? Reyna was like Annabeth. Unforgettable and respectable. Lovely and pure. Hard-working and deserving. So she made her magic simple. For Percy, make him forget everything but snippets of what he loved most- camp, his mother, home, but most prominently, Annabeth. For Jason, the same. And she let the mist contort to Jason's mind, a huge mistake. Jason forgot her. Percy remembered. And once again, she cursed Aphrodite and Zeus. Of course, her husband would infect his children. Because deep down, after she had realized the mistake, she realized- Jason Grace had never loved Reyna; nor had he fallen in love with Piper at "first sight" on the bus. He had fallen in love with the idea of a girl like her a long time ago, because he was a son of Jupiter, and sons of the King of the Gods are fickle heartbreakers. And so, in her nightly curses, she included Aphrodite. And she had Hubris, too. Overwhelming pride that killed. She didn't say sorry. She was sorry. She saw Drew Tanaka- so bitter and lost, but a hidden treasure inside. She made her into a friend for Reyna- took her bitterness, gave her a taste of the love they all wanted. Gave her a friend, too. She backed out of the meddling, though, so they wouldn't remember her. No weakness. She was glad when she saw Reyna bow. She knew that someone knew. Somehow, it made her feel better. She gave Reyna three wishes. She communicated with the girl in a dream. I'll make him pay , she promises. Reyna herself plans the revenge- give him what he forgot, then a constant reminder of what he did. That night, in his dreams, Jason Grace gets his memories back, memories of a Puerto-Rican girl in purple, whose name meant queen in Spanish, who was faithful and would have been for eternity, who he had loved, but not enough, who he left behind. Her ring flashes in his mind. He hears Juno stripping him of his title as her champion. He wakes up crying and screaming next to Piper. On the nightstand is a silver medallion. On it, a sword and a torch is crossed over a peacock feather. On the back is a message in latin. The mightiest will fall, just as silver will tarnish. This is the Traitor's Mark Do you remember now? Shaking and sweating, he makes his way over to the bathroom and removes his shirt, looking in the full length mirror. He screams, and Piper comes running. The mark is burned into his skin, all across his back and upper torso. It's on the back of his neck, too. Athena would be proud. Taking a page from Reyna's book, she turns to Zeus. "It was a fitting punishment. Be glad it wasn't more." His brows raise, but he does nothing more. He knows she is right. As she turns to leave, she whispers, " Thank you." This is my fight song Take back my life song Prove I'm alright song My power's turned on Starting right now I'll be strong I'll play my fight song And I don't really care if nobody else believes 'Cause I've still got a lot of fight left in me -Fight Song, by Rachel Platten