California, and look at her! She looks exactly like the type of girl to hang out on the beach and make a mysterious merman fall in love with her until he agreed to give up his tail and move to New York with her." Kelly blinked. "But they said they met at summer camp, there's that photo of them there -" " Summer camp. Summer. Prime season to meet a merman!" "You're being absolutely serious, aren't you." Olivia looked like she might faint. "No wonder I got a weird feeling about him, he's a freaking mythological aquatic creature!" Kelly slumped back against the wall of the gym, blinking down at the list. She didn't know what to say. She didn't know what to think. "Should we ask him?" she eventually said. Olivia turned to her. "What? How do you even ask someone that?" "I don't know," Kelly shrugged. "But. He's our friend. And if this is true - which it definitely is not, because it's impossible and insane and, and irrational - I don't think I'll be able to keep it a secret." Olivia didn't respond for a long time. Eventually, though, she sighed and got to her feet. "Come on, then. Let's go find him." They didn't have to look far. As they rounded the corner of the gym they spotted Annabeth ducking inside, which could only mean that Percy was waiting for her in there. Making an unspoken agreement, Kelly and Olivia crept up to the closest window and peered inside. They saw Annabeth meet Percy half way across the room. They were the only two in there at this hour. He was fully clothed, bag flung over his shoulder and crooked smile on his face. He pulled her into a quick hug as soon as she was within arms reach, laughing at her frown. She started talking as they began walking up the side of the pool, probably complaining about her study, judging by the way she was waving her arms around. Percy threw his head back and laughed, which was definitely the wrong thing to do. With no hesitation, Annabeth shoved Percy sideways and straight into the pool. With some incredibly fast reflexes, he managed to throw his bag into the air as he fell. And with equally incredibly fast reflexes, Annabeth managed to catch it from mid air. He couldn't save himself, though. Percy toppled over the edge of the pool and fell straight into the water. Olivia gasped, hands flying to cover her mouth. Annabeth had stopped by the side of the pool and was laughing. Percy surfaced and climbed easily up over the edge, pulling himself up to stand beside her. He was grinning and shaking his head at her, and he was completely dry. "What?" Kelly gasped. "How is he - Is he?" Olivia stuttered. "He's dry," Kelly said. "He's completely dry. He just fell into the pool, but he's completely dry." Percy - who was dry - took his bag back from Annabeth and they continued the walk to the exit. It was only when they were nearly at the door that Olivia and Kelly regained the ability to function. They shot to their feet and scrambled away from the window, but weren't quick enough to actually get out of sight. "Kelly? Olivia?" They turned around as Annabeth called their names. "I thought you guys had to leave?" "Oh, yeah, we were… already late so mom just did it without us," Olivia said, desperately trying to cover up. "So we thought we'd… find you guys, to ask…" Both Percy and Annabeth looked at her expectantly, but she couldn't bring herself to say it. And now, standing in front of Percy, Kelly found that she couldn't do it either. What if they told him they knew his secret and he and Annabeth left, for fear that others would find out? What if he couldn't stand them knowing and just stopped talking to them? What if they were wrong? "To ask if you wanted to get dinner and study together, tomorrow," Kelly said eventually. Annabeth and Percy shared a look, obviously wondering about the extended pause and Olivia's terrified expression. "Well," Percy eventually said, very slowly. "We actually already have plans for tomorrow night…" "What plans?" Kelly asked, and then immediately wanted to slap herself. Percy's brows furrowed. "Some friends of ours are coming to the city so we're having dinner with them." "Oh. Okay. No problems," Kelly said, grabbing the still-mute Olivia's elbow and starting to drag her away. A million questions were racing through her mind, the most prominent of which was, Are any of those friends also merpeople? "But," Percy said, stopping them in their tracks. "Maybe the night after?" "Yeah," Kelly said with a smile. "Sure. That'll be great." "Cool. Well. We'll see you tomorrow, then." "Yep. See you - see you tomorrow morning." With one last quizzical look, Annabeth and Percy turned and left. Olivia and Kelly stared after them, gaping. When Olivia finally found her voice, she said, "Did you just invite a merman and his girlfriend to dinner with us?" Kelly scoffed. "I panicked, okay. Besides, they're our friends. And you did it first!" "We're friends with a merman and his girlfriend." Olivia shook her head. "I told you there was something weird about Percy Jackson." This fic was completely inspired by this ask over on my tumblr, bananannabeth. I am eternally grateful to you anon: ' Percy Jackson totally has enough sea related clothing and whatnot and the class he does best in is marine biology (and the endless sea doodles too, oh man) so one day some classmate is just straight up "PERCY JACKSON IS A MERMAN AND NO ONE CAN CONVINCE ME OTHERWISE" ' Please excuse any and all creative liberties taken with regards to the school system, I wasn't going to let technicalities get in the way of the story hahah. I hope you all enjoyed, thanks so much for reading (✿◠‿◠)