in the family. She got all the luck!" Stheno pouted. "Mother said I was the most hideous." "Quiet!" Euryale snapped. "As for you, Percy Jackson, it's true that you bear the mark of Achilles. That makes you a little tougher to kill. But don't worry. We'll find a way." "The mark of what?" I asked. "Achilles. Oh, he was gorgeous! Dipped in the River Styx as a child, you know, so he was invulnerable except for a tiny spot on his ankle," Stheno explained happily, sounding like a too-upbeat tour guide. "That's what happened to you, dear. Someone must've dumped you in the Styx and made your skin like iron. But not to worry. Heroes like you always have a weak spot. We just have to find it, and then we can kill you. Won't that be lovely? Have a Cheese 'n' Wiener!" So there was a reason behind my invulnerability. But I didn't remember being put in some river. Yes I do. It was like being boiled alive. The current was dark and crushing. And Annabeth was there, trying to help me out… Even if I was immune to harm, I couldn't hold off the gorgons. I was too tired and hungry to fight. Sure, they might have not been able to hurt me while I defended myself, but they'd probably find my weak spot if I passed out from exhaustion. My lower back ached... I just needed a way down the cliff side. I couldn't just jump down; that'd be an easy way to break my spine. If only I had something to slide down on like a sled, then I might survive… My eye caught Stheno's wide tray of Cheese 'n' Wieners. "Reconsidering?" Stheno asked cheerfully. "Very wise, dear. I added some gorgon's blood to these, so your death will be quick and painless." I felt my stomach twist. "You added your blood to the Cheese 'n' Wieners?" Just this morning, I'd nearly eaten one that had fallen on the ground in the middle of our fight. I had been so hungry. If I had eaten it… "Just a little. A tiny nick on my arm, but you're sweet to be concerned. Blood from our right side can cure anything, you know, but blood from our left side is deadly-" "You dimwit!" Euryale shrieked, smacking her sister's arm. "You're not supposed to tell him that! He won't eat the wieners if you tell you tell him they're poisoned!" What do you know, I was right. This was news to Stheno. "He won't? But I said it would be quick and painless." "Nevermind!" Euryale said in disgust. Her hands morphed into claws. "We'll kill him the hard way - just keep slashing until we find the weak spot. Once we defeat Percy Jackson, we'll be more famous than Medusa! Our patron we'll reward us greatly!" I had heard that line more than once. It seemed like every monster I fought thought that it was a great achievement to defeat me, and that it would make their mysterious patron very happy. I couldn't care less about why they thought that, but for now I could use it as a great distraction to delay my death. Keep them talking. "Before you slash me to bits, who's this patron you mentioned?" I asked, feigning curiosity. "The goddess Gaea, of course!" Euryale said. "The one who brought us back from oblivion! You won't live long enough to meet her, but your friends below will soon face her wrath. Even now, her armies are marching south. At the Feast of Fortune, she'll awaken, and the demigods will be cut down like- like-" "Like our prices at Bargain Mart!" Stheno finished. Euryale screamed in frustration and marched toward Stheno. I took my chance. I grabbed the tray out of Stheno's hand, tossed the Cheese 'n' Wieners off, and cut Euryale in half with Riptide. I held the tray up to Stheno, just in case she decided to lash out. Instead, she screamed at her reflection. "Medusa!" Euryale had dissolved into dust, but she was already starting to reform. "Stheno, you fool!" She yelled, her voice garbled by her half-melted form. "That's just your own reflection! Get him!" I hit the tray as hard as I could on Stheno's head before she could react, and she crumpled to the ground. I quickly balanced the tray on the edge of the cliff and took my seat. I couldn't believe that I was doing this. The side of my head tingled, and I heard a slightly high-pitched, crackly voice, typical of a teenage boy. " Blah-ha-ha! You can't seriously be doing this, Percy!" Shout-out to my subconscious for letting me know that I wasn't the only one who thought this was insane. I sent a silent prayer to whatever Roman god that would listen, and launched myself down the cliff. I soared down the cliff side so fast the wind was knocked out of me. I bounced from rock to rock, and I was afraid that the tray would shatter from the impact. Despite me plummeting to my death, my mind started up again, and I suddenly flashed back to another memory. I was flying down a snowy hillside, even faster than I was now. I was careening through the trees on - what? A shield? Sitting next to me was a girl with short black hair, screaming her head off. Well, at least it wasn't the first time I had risked my life doing free-style sledding away from monsters. A/N: Sooo, whaddya think? Like it? Love it? Hate it? OOC? Should I upload another chapter? Or should I delete this story and ya'll can pretend it never happened? Please tell me in a REVIEW! (Also, if you noticed any mistakes in my conventions, please tell me. I have immense pride when it comes to spelling and grammar. I'm honestly worse than Annabeth. Point something out and I'll fix it right away.) Thanks for reading! ~ Basura