Energy thrummed through her veins, danced along her skin and curled out of her palms into the night, tendrils of it pulling at the universe around her. She said goodnight to a moderately drunk and very dazed Piper as soon as they got into their room, and Piper promptly passed out fully clothed on top of her sheets. Annabeth tucked her in before climbing onto her own bed, tucking her knees up against her chest and marvelling at this new sensation. She felt alive in a way she never had before, like she'd just discovered an entirely new realm of possibilities. Percy was right, she did have a whole new set of materials to work with now. And that was another thing that was keeping her awake - Percy. She wasn't stupid. She knew that it was him that had sparked her dormant magic. She didn't know why, but there must have been a reason. Maybe he was just that powerful? Maybe their magic was complimentary? A thousand questions ran through her head, and Annabeth couldn't quite settle on which one to try and answer first. She felt fidgety and cooped up, so she stretched her legs out and tried tapping her feet. It didn't help, though. That energy she could feel at the tips of her fingers, it was spreading throughout her entire body, forcing her up out of the bed and onto her feet. Before she knew it she was dancing, swaying her hips in time to the music playing softly in her head, a call that was much more gentle now she'd given the magic some more space breathe. She spun in a circle and the curtains above the window opened, hitting a pot plant on top of her desk as they went. Annabeth stuck a hand out to levitate the plant before it could fall, rushing forward to physically grab it and put it back in place. She carefully shut the curtains and decided that perhaps it was best to try and keep things a bit more controlled until she didn't have to worry about waking up her roommate. She was wide awake now, though, and lying on her bed only served to make her feel more anxious, so she took to pacing up and down the small space at the feet of her and Piper's bed. She couldn't stop thinking about Percy - about the colour of his eyes, the snowflakes on his sweater, the callouses on his hands, the warmth that had blossomed in her chest from their very first conversation. He'd helped her discover something amazing about herself, but, Annabeth realised with a start, she knew hardly anything about him. They'd been so wrapped up in exploring her new talents that they hadn't had a chance to do any of the smalltalk. She didn't know his major, she didn't know who he was friends with at the party, she didn't even know if he was already dating someone. Oh, god, what if he was in love with someone else? What if she was too late? The pot plant on her desk wilted, and Annabeth collapsed onto her bed, elbows on her knees and chin propped in her hands. She didn't even know when she was going to see him again. Oh, this was bad. She must have eventually fallen into an uneasy sleep, because Annabeth woke up to someone frantically knocking at her dorm room door. "Annabeth!" The voice on the other side was familiar, but she wasn't quite awake enough to place it. "Annabeth, please open the door!" Piper groaned and rolled over, shoving her pillow over her head. "Shut them up," she moaned. "Please don't make me unlock the door," the person on the other side called, almost begging. Annabeth swung her legs over her bed and groggily made her way to the door. When she opened it, she was hit with a wave of magic so powerful it almost knocked her off her feet. "Percy," she breathed. "Annabeth." He looked ready to collapse, reaching out and leaning against the doorframe with one arm. The action brought him closer to Annabeth, closer than she would have been comfortable with anyone else, but she didn't step back. "What are you doing here?" "I…" He paused, swallowing thickly. "I needed to see you again. I couldn't sleep last night, I couldn't stop thinking about…" He made a vague gesture, waving his hand between the two of them. Annabeth gently grabbed his hand, settling her fingers between his. The action made her pulse race, but she felt more settled than she had since leaving the party. "Neither could I." Percy's relief was tangible. "Annabeth, you're not boring, and you're not normal - you're enchanting. I'm - I'm enchanted by you." "Oh, my god," Piper groaned, violently throwing her pillow at Annabeth's back. "Just hurry up and kiss already." When Annabeth turned back to Percy, he was wearing that crooked smile, eyes bright enough to bring her to her knees. "If you say so." If you'd asked, she probably wouldn't have been able to tell you who moved first. One second he was standing in front of her, and the next Percy's lips were on hers. He kissed her like he'd been waiting to do it from the moment they met. His hands moved to her hair, tangling in her curls and tugging lightly in a way that made her spine arch, pressing her even closer against him. Her hands ran over his shoulders and down his arms before settling at the base of his spine, holding him to her. Twenty four hours ago, Annabeth Chase almost believed that normal was fine, normal was easy, normal was as good as it was going to get. She'd never expected to feel that spark inside her, that tingling at the tips of her fingers, the overflow of energy pulsing through her and out into the universe. And then she met Percy Jackson. And now she knew better.