slobbery duck he pulled himself along the floor using his hands and feet to push him along the slick wood. All three of the teenagers looked into the box. "A pot, measuring spoons, plastic lid caps, and empty water bottle and a blanket," Percy said slowly, pulling them out as he named them. "Are you sure didn't replace the box of toys with your trash bin?" Hazel asked, skeptical. "Next time you can try to find toys for a five month old on a greek war ship," Frank growled. Leo continued to push himself forward in an army crawl style until he reached the empty box. With one unsteady hand he managed to grab the edge and knock it over on himself. "Leo!" Hazel gasped. But the sound that they heard under the cardboard wasn't one of panic or fear. It was an all too pleased with himself giggle. "Leo?" Percy pulled the box up and looked to see the tiny latino elf lying on his stomach, eyes closed and laughing happily. He opened his eyes suddenly and tried to pull the box back down, waving an unsteady arm above him head. He seemed to be saying 'put it down.' Dropping the box back on top of Leo he continued to laugh. This time Frank lifted the box. Leo stopped laughing to glare unhappily at him. The cardboard fell over him and the laughing continued. Hazel smiled for a moment. "Is this how we're going to keep him entertained?" She asked. "By keeping him in a box?" "It's entertaining to me," Frank leaned back against the wall. "Well we can't just keep him in there all day!" "Why not?" Hazel sighed and for a moment the pair beside her wondered if they'd heard her mutter 'boys!' But they had no time to think it over. "Percy back me up here," he cried. "It's not like he's being picky," Percy shrugged. "And we don't have many things for him to play with." Behind them Leo's tiny giggles faded. "Kawa?" he asked. Frank lifted the box like it might light on fire and saw the tiny baby. Bright chocolate eyes looked up at him expectantly. Dropping the box a wave of excited chattering broke out. "We can't keep him in a box..." Frank gave in. "Thank you!" "But we can play peekaboo with him in a box." Hazel groaned, dropping her head in her hands. "Fine. Play with him for now. We can't just keep him in there forever. He's going to get bored. What do we do then?" Percy shrugged. "I don't know. But I trust Annabeth to find a cure to this. He'll be back to normal in no time." "How long is 'no time'?" Frank lifted and dropped the box. Again Percy shrugged. They all sat, lost in thought until his girlfriend burst in. "I've got it." "What?" Percy jumped. "Hebe," she dropped the book on the table. "She'd curse people to become children for a day to teach those around them a lesson. She did this a lot when parents would force their children to go to war or do something adults should do." There was a quiet note of guilt in her voice. "So this is our fault?" Hazel glanced at the box, lifting it from atop the curly haired baby. "I think it might be." Annabeth said. "Why Leo?" Frank asked. "We're all just kids in charge of saving the world." "He's the youngest." A voice came from the door. Piper looked down, ashamed of her own words. Jason was at her side. "What?" Percy looked to Hazel. "No he's not." "Percy," Hazel rocked the child in her arms absent mindedly. "I'm seventy years old. I am technically the oldest." "Then…" Percy ticked off on his fingers. "After Hazel Annabeth is oldest, then me then Piper, then Jason then Frank I guess." "I'm only just barely fifteen," Frank protested. "How old is Leo?" "I never asked," Jason said. "Do you want on record or actually?" Piper asked, head still hanging. "What do you mean?" Annabeth looked at her friend. "After his mother's death he found a way to change his age on record, a year older so he'd be sent to a different foster home, insead of being in the children's home he'd be with teens." "But why?" Percy asked. "He never said." "Getting back to the matter at hand," Frank looked uncomfortable. Annabeth nodded. "Right. The curse would usually last until the family had learned their lesson." "We're all just kids," Jason supplied. "It's not fair for us to leave so much to just one person." "We two have been the only ones really taking watch," Percy glanced at the blonde boy. Hazel looked ashamed. "I've been so seasick I haven't been much help." She muttered. "I can do more." Frank stood. "I can help with watch." "I'll help with the ship more," the daughter of Athena nodded. "I do know a bit about it." Piper stayed quiet a moment. "I'm supposed to be our resident emotion reader. I haven't been much help with that." "Gah!" cried Leo, throwing up his arms as if to say 'don't forget about me' They all laughed. Back to a teenager an extremely embarrassed son of Hephaestus listened in horror to the previous day's events. "Nope," he shook his head. "This it too weird, even for us." Piper wrapped her arms around him tightly, her grin restored. "I don't know, you made a very cute baby." He shuddered, causing a few more laughs. "She's not lying, Valdez," Percy grinned. "That's not what's wrong," Leo stood, pulling his overalls tighter. "I lost a full day's work. Come on. We've got stuff to do!" As if in response to his declaration the ship lurched sideways, a roar from outside the hull. "Let's go." The plot bunnies have visited an multiplied. So naturally I haven't moved from my writing chair. Reviews make even more bunnies and fluffy stories for all to read.