entire life?" Peter said with a smile. Annabeth laughed and shook her head, "No! I mean I just... feel- this. You know?" Peter laughed, "Actually I do." He finished off his coffee and twirled the empty cup in his fingers, "I don't usually meet girls like this and hit it off right away." Annabeth smiled up at him as she finished off her own coffee. "Come on lets go walk." Peter said as he got up and grabbed her guitar. Annabeth smiled and got out of her seat, "Okay- Hey! Can we take my guitar back to my apartment?" Peter smiled, "Sure." Peter led the way out of Starbucks as Annabeth showed him the way to the apartment she shared with Thalia. They talked the whole way about their lives and families, likes and dislikes, hopes and dreams. As funny as the whole 'I feel like I've known you my whole life' concept was Annabeth truly felt like that the longer she spent with Peter. She already wanted to hold his hand everywhere they went and she definitely felt jealous whenever a girl on the sidewalk would look at him in a way a predator would. When they walked into Annabeth's building she prayed that Thalia wouldn't be home so she would not have to do the awkward friend introductions. Sadly, luck was not on her side as she unlocked her door and saw her best friend at the kitchen table with several books scattered around her and Thalia typing frantically on the keyboard of her laptop. "Thals." Annabeth said as her and Peter walked through the door. Thalia looked up with a dazed expression on her face, Annabeth laughed, "Did you sleep at all last night and how much coffee have you had?" Annabeth walked over and grabbed the coffee cup that was sitting beside her laptop and took it to the kitchen. "I'm trying to finish my thesis... I have to turn in the second to last part of it Friday." Thalia said as Annabeth walked back toward Thalia and Peter. "Thalia, this is Peter. Peter this is Thalia." Peter stuck his hand out as Thalia stared at him with an odd expression. She took his hand but said, "Has anyone ever told you that you look like Percy Jackson?" Peter laughed and looked at Annabeth, "Is this the friend that won those tickets?" Annabeth laughed and nodded then grabbed her guitar to put up in her room. When she walked back out Peter was sitting at the kitchen table with Thalia making small talk. Annabeth walked up beside them. "You ready?" She asked Peter who looked up at her. "Yeah," He got up, "Thalia, it was a pleasure." Thalia nodded, "You guys have fun, I'll be stuck here finishing this." She grimaced and sat back down. Annabeth laughed as she led Peter out the door, before she closed it she shot Thalia one last look who just gave her a thumbs up. Annabeth smiled and started walking down the stairs with Peter. The rest of the afternoon flew by and before they knew it was time dark outside, they had spent the entire afternoon talking and walking around New York. Annabeth smiled and turned to face him when they reached her doorstep for the second time today, "I had fun today." Peter smiled and looked at her, "As did I." Annabeth shook her head and started walking up her stairs, as she reached the first stair she felt Peter place a hand on her arm and turn her around to face him. She was the same height as him now- being on the first step and him still on the sidewalk, he leaned forward slightly. "I'll see you tomorrow, I'll call you and tell where to meet me." Annabeth smiled widely, "Okay, I'll see you tomorrow then." Peter smiled as Annabeth leaned forward, Peter cupped her cheek and touched her lips lightly with his as her eyes fluttered closed. It was a sweet, soft and chaste kiss full of promise, they didn't deepen the kiss but stayed connected for a few seconds enjoying the feel of the others lips. Annabeth pulled away first and stared wide eyed at him, he smiled at her and kissed her lightly one more time before pulling away and walking backwards down the sidewalk. Annabeth shook her head and waved at him before turning around and walking upstairs toward her apartment. Annabeth walked into her apartment and leaned against the door as she let out a sigh, a wide smile spreading across her face. She looked around and noticed Thalia asleep on the kitchen table with her head in her arms. She laughed at her friend as she walked to her room to get ready for bed. As she climbed into her bed she grabbed her phone to put it on the charger and noticed she had one new message. She smiled at the unknown number she knew had to be Peters. I had a great time today, can't wait until tomorrow xo Annabeth felt giddy as she read the text and cuddled with her pillow, she hit reply and started typing over the touchscreen keyboard. Me too... sweet dreams xoxo Annabeth smiled as she closed her message app and snuggled deeper into her pillow, what a crazy two days it had been. She went from single to dating a man she had technically only known for one day but felt like she had known her entire life. Peter had come marching into her life with no sign of stopping, he was making her believe in love again. He was making her believe in her once hidden and tucked away dreams. Annabeth felt truly giddy and excited about what was happening in her life. She couldn't wait to for tomorrow and she certainly couldn't wait to see what fate had in store for her and the brown eyed wonder who had unapologetically opened her heart to love again. Until next time- WElaine21