it because I know if I were in your shoes that would be the final nail in my coffin. I wouldn't want to live anymore. And I love you way too much to let an idiot destroy you." Word got out the next day the Percy and I were back together and let me tell you I got angry demands on why all day. Percy, Grover, and I decide early this morning not the mention George involvement, as it would only make them hate Percy more for being a 'liar', so all day I would just ignore them and continue on. Right after campfire an angry George stomped up to me. "You got back together with him?" He demanded. I sighed, I am hearing that way too much today. "Yeah it was funny turns out he never cheated, it was just some other guy with black hair, Grover confirmed it." I could see the rage growing in his eyes so I took it as my cue to leave. After that the attacks on Percy became the attacks on the three of us, but we had each other so we were fine. But it sucked when I lost my counselor spot and Grover lost his council spot. But we were surviving, barely, but still surviving. Six weeks to the day after George showed up crumbled Percy the worst. Percy had been just grabbing some food (after dinner of course, we were banned from everything because he frighten everyone apparently) when George decided to pick a fight. Percy mainly just took the verbal abuse quietly and even calmed down Grover and I at points. Seeing no reactions George started slamming Sally. It was like magic, one minute he was insulting Sally next minute he and his goons were knocked out cold and the three of us all had bruised knuckles. How's that for abracadabra! Percy took off right away for his cabin with Grover and I in pursuit. When he walked in we saw Percy grabbing some of his clothes and stuffing them into his bag. "I-I need a break. I'm sorry but I just need two day to-to clear my." Grover and I nodded our heads, "Do whatever you need." I said helping put some shorts in the bag. "I think I'm going to visit my mom's grave." He whispered zipping the bag close after putting his toothbrush in. Grover and I stay silent at that. I mean what can you say? How depressing it was that the world's biggest mama's boy came home from his second war glad to be alive only to find his mom and step dad dead? How awful it is that the one person who ruined Percy now only home had to insult his dead mother? Because awful and depressing doesn't even cover it. Anyways, that was three days ago and now to the present. Percy still hasn't returned. Grover and I are worried sick. He said if didn't return in two days he would IM us. And still nothing has come in, and we have no one to share our fears with but each other. Walking into the pavilion all the voices instantly died down to whispers. I ignore them and walk straight to Chiron. "Chiron I think something has happened to Percy." I say as strongly as I can. "We just want inform you Annabeth and I are going to go look for him." Grover stated. "I'm sorry my dear one but I can't not allow it. You will have to wait a week at least." I stared at him in shock. "But it's Percy." "Yes I know, that's why I employ to you wait." "It seem George has gotten to you too." I growl, "Do you know at one point I considered you my father. Now all I can see is a half horse that lost hope in the greatest thing that happened to this camp." I scream catching everyone's attention. "And not just you. All of you." And turned around to glare at the rest of camp. "Percy was a modest hero that never said a bad word about anyone!" "Yeah right! Just because you're his girlfriend doesn't mean you have to defend him." George said standing up. "BUT I'M NOT DEFENDING HIM. Give me one time Percy was a jerk before George came? Can anyone name one? NO! But then this asshole came waltzing in and everyone instantly fell in love with him and bought every single piece of crap he said. Percy lost all of his friends, his family because someone was jealous. Every single person turned their back on him. Heck I even did at one point until Grover told me that Percy wasn't lying about not cheating on me. He didn't say any of the crap you thought he did, he didn't blame Nico for Bianca's death, he didn't make up a rumour that got Thalia kicked out of the hunters, he didn't say those thing about everyone, yet you took the side of someone you've known for six weeks over six years! So Grover and I are going to go look for the saviour of Olympus because none of you care anymore. By all mean blame Grover and I, we don't care but if you think for one second that this is all Percy's fault than you have another thing coming for you." With that I storm out of the pavilion with Grover on my heels. At the last second we turn around. "Percy isn't the only one with black hair." Grover says. "And you know one time you used to be my friends, you used to be family. And now all I see is strangers in their places." I say watching as all of them slowly lower their eyes to the ground. Satisfied the two of us turn around and walk out. The moment they left everyone was silent. They didn't know what to say, that was of course before they heard their screams. Review! XOXO~Beth2000