so different from where I'm from." "Good different or bad different?" "Neither, really. There are some things that I really love about New York- I have a sister here, and you don't have anything quite like it in the West. But California is where I grew up. I know it like the back of my hand." "Where does your sister live?" "Brooklyn. She runs a non profit organization to benefit young girls in low income areas." "That's amazing." "Yeah, she's pretty cool. Have you lived here your whole life?" "No…" Piper shifted uncomfortably. They were getting into a dangerous area here, inching towards her father. "I was raised in Los Angeles, but I went to Berkeley for college, actually. Then I moved here with my friend Annabeth and her soulmate Percy. You met her last night." "Oh yeah, the intimidating blonde. And what year did you graduate Berkeley? I went to Stanford." The conversation continued easily. It turned out they had graduated in the same year, and they talked about college for a moment until the topic had run dry, and they were left back again with the elephant in the room. Piper had always considered herself to be straightforward- she went out and said it. "What are we going to do?" Jason didn't reply for a moment, instead choosing to stare out the window. "I don't know." "That's not good enough," Piper said softly. "We need to know." Jason sighed, looking at her once again. Piper couldn't help but look at his eyes intently, the bright, electric blue. She wanted to take a picture and carry it around with her, never let them go. "I'm twenty five," he started talking. "It's not too late to meet your soulmate, but for some reason I never thought I would. It was something that happened to other people. So I met my girlfriend, Reyna, and it felt like I was breaking free of something. I was choosing my own path." "I get that." "But then I came here and I met you." Jason looked at her carefully, like he was picking his next words and making sure they didn't hurt. "And I'm torn- not just between two people, but two places. Two lives. I have to make sure- I want to make sure that I make the right decision." "No, I understand," Piper prayed her voice didn't break. "I could completely pick up my life and stay here with you- an unfamiliar city, someone I've just met. Or I can go home- to a place I know. To someone I've been with for a while." Piper noted he didn't say Reyna, or even girlfriend. "It's okay. We don't know if it would work out or not. It's not something to feel bad over." "I still feel bad, though. I do owe something to Reyna." "Does she know?" "No. Not yet. I was going to tell her when I got back." "You should tell her as soon as possible. Like you said to me- you should go in open." Piper said quietly. She scolded herself for feeling envy, sadness- whatever it was over Jason. They'd only met a day before. "But what do you think?" Jason asked. "I'd like to hear." Piper paused before giving her answer. "You've built a life on the flip side of the country, with people you care about. So have I. And whether or not I fit into that life or you fit into mine- that's okay." Piper finished carefully, though there were words aching to jump out of her lips, so many things she wanted to say. Jason studied her intently. "Thanks, Piper." She nodded in response, looking out the window, at the table, anywhere but Jason. "The thing is, I don't want to toss this out the window," he said quietly. "I don't want to give this up." "That's unfair. To me and to her." "I know," he said softly, looking at her intently. Piper knew what she wanted to say- she didn't want to give this up either, but more than anything, she can't stop thinking about both the hundreds of miles and the girl separating them. "Jason, are you happy with her?" "I don't know." "I'm not a homewrecker," she replied. "I don't want to be a deciding factor in your relationship, Jason. Maybe we met at the wrong time. You have my number, contact me if you'd like, but it can't happen now. Not right now." "Do you want something to happen, though?" His question takes her aback, and Piper paused. "I don't know." She was lying. He just looks at her, and Piper tried to search for any sort of emotion in his eyes, but the only thing she sees is blank and unfeeling. "I'm sorry." "It's not your fault. According to the universe, we're supposed to be together." "My entire life, I've always had everything planned out for me. I've always known what I was going to do. Just this once," he said slowly, "I'd like to make my own decision." "Don't say stuff like that." "Just think about it, alright? I'm going to. I don't know what's going to happen, but I'll take some time and try and figure it out. You have my number, contact me when you know what you want to do." "Okay," Piper said, because it's the only thing she could say. After refusing to let her pay for the check, Jason insisted on riding the subway back to her apartment, though it was broad daylight. Piper felt like a teenager again, dancing the dangerous line between loves me, loves me not. Once again, she forgot to give him his jacket as he said goodbye. Thanks for reading, I hope that you enjoyed the story! It's not complete yet, but I'm hoping for it to be around 10-20K words, this is just the first part. This is my first upload to , but I have several WIP that I hope to upload in the future. -Emily