both love each other but now that he is going to be a god, because no one in their right mind would say n- "No." It was suddenly so silent you could hear a pin drop. Percy Jackson had just refused immortality. "No?" Zeus said. "You are . . . turning down our generous gift?" There was a dangerous edge to his voice, like a thunderstorm about to erupt. "I'm honored and everything," Percy said. "Don't get me wrong. It's just . . . I've got a lot of life left to live. I'd hate to peak in my sophomore year." The gods were glaring at him, the demigods staring at him is shock, and Annabeth had her hands over her mouth with her eyes shining. And suddenly Katie might have connected something. "I do want a gift, though," Percy continued. "Do you promise to grant my wish?" Zeus thought about this. "If it is within our power." "It is," He insisted. "And it's not even difficult. But I need your promise on the River Styx." "What?" Dionysus cried. "You don't trust us?" "Someone once told me," He said looking at Hades, "you should always get a solemn oath." The god of the Underworld shrugged. "Guilty." "Very well!" Zeus snapped, not seeming very happy with the son of Poseidon at the moment. The gods quickly swore on the River of Styx then thunder shook the building sealing the deal. "From now on, I want to you properly recognize the children of the gods," Percy started completely knocking the wind out the demigods around him. He gave up immortality for... this? "All the children . . . of all the gods." The Olympians shifted uncomfortably. "Percy," His father said, "what exactly do you mean?" "Kronos couldn't have risen if it hadn't been for a lot of demigods who felt abandoned by their parents," Percy stated. Katie looked over at the other campers, who all mirrored her expression to the 'T'. "They felt angry, resentful, and unloved, and they had a good reason." Zeus started getting angry fast,. "You dare accuse—" "No more undetermined children, I want you to promise to claim your children—all your demigod children—by the time they turn thirteen. They won't be left out in the world on their own at the mercy of monsters. I want them claimed and brought to camp so they can be trained right, and survive." "He's not.." Will said trailing off in awe. "Now, wait just a moment," Apollo said, but apparently Percy was on a roll. "And the minor gods, Nemesis, Hecate, Morpheus, Janus, Hebe-—they all deserve a general amnesty and a place at Camp Half-Blood. Their children shouldn't be ignored. Calypso and the other peaceful Titan-kind should be pardoned too. And Hades—" "Are you calling me a minor god?" Hades bellowed. "No, my lord," Percy quickly corrected. "But your children should not be left out. They should have a cabin at camp. Nico has proven that. No unclaimed demigods will be crammed into the Hermes cabin anymore," "But he is." Jake said back in response to Will. "I-I could kiss this guy right now." Travis said is shock. wondering who their parents are. They'll have their own cabins, for all the gods. And no more pact of the Big Three. That didn't work anyway." Katie's mind was about to go on overload, not being able to process what she was hearing still . "You've got to stop trying to get rid of powerful demigods. We're going to train them and accept them instead. All children of the gods will be welcome and treated with respect. That is my wish." Zeus snorted. "Is that all?" "Percy," Poseidon said, "you ask much. You presume much." "I hold you to your oath," He reminded. "All of you." It looked as though the gods were not too happy with that until, strangely enough Athena spoke up, "The boy is correct. We have been unwise to ignore our children. It proved a strategic weakness in this war and almost caused our destruction. Percy Jackson, I have had my doubts about you, but perhaps-" "W-What?" Malcolm stuttered in response to his mother who was currently looking at Annabeth. "-perhaps I was mistaken. I move that we accept the boy's plan." "Humph," Zeus said. "Being told what to do by a mere child. But I suppose . . ." "All in favor," Hermes asked. All the demigods hands flew to their mouth to stiffen a gasp as all hands raised. Percy gave a small thanks a made to move when Poseidon called, "Honor guard!" Immediately the Cyclopes came forward and made two lines from the thrones to the door—an aisle for, the still mortal, Percy to walk through. "All hail, Perseus Jackson," Tyson shouted. "Hero of Olympus . . . and my big brother!" After that Percy walked up to Annabeth and together to two left the throne room leaving a shocked audience behind. A shocked Connor turned to the group, "Okay please tell me if this is a dream or did Percy Frickin Jackson just turn down godly-hod?" "No that idiot just turned down immortality. Prissy just turned down the chance to become a god to make sure everyone got recognized and claimed." "That's not all either." Katie said earning everyone's attention. "Of course that's it what else would he turn down immortality down for?" Nico questioned joining in on their conversation, along with Thalia. "I think that Percy Frickin Jackson just turned down immortality, godly-hod, the chance to become a frickin god, for Annabeth." Okay hopefully that wasn't too bad. Anyways leave a review on what you liked/hated and any suggestions for other camp reactions you want. Oh and P.S: If anyone was confused as to why there was seventeen demigods and hunters at the beginning and then a bunch other going into the elevators it's just because only seventeen were able to fight, but it total there however many I said in the elevator. XOXO~Beth2000