other. Upon seeing their Praetor staring at them they scrambled to stand at attention. Reyna pointed at three of the Probatios, two boys and a girl. "Miles, Nando, and Len, get your things together. Tomorrow you three, Grayson, and I are going on a quest to Camp Half Blood. I expect the three of you ready by breakfast tomorrow morning." Len, a short girl of about thirteen, looked to be Native American, she looked at Reyna levelly. "Yes, Praetor." She was the only one capable of responding, the other two were too intimidated. "This is your chance to prove yourselves worthy of the Great Roman Legion. I hope to bring all three of you back as members of the fourth cohort rather than three Probatios." Reyna warned. "Now, get some sleep tonight, tomorrow may be more dangerous than the average quest. We will be flying, I trust all three of you know how to fly a Pegasus?" "Yes, Praetor." The three of them answered in unison. Reyna nodded. "Have any of you been claimed?" Nando hesitantly raised his hand. "Venus," Reyna nodded. "Very well. I'll be seeing the three of you tomorrow." She turned around and marched off to find Grayson Marx. "Marx!" She called out, once she found the tall, broad, blonde boy horsing around with a few of his siblings. Grayson whipped around and fixed her with a bright, charming smile like the sun god himself. "Praetor!" He greeted. "I'm leading a quest out of New Rome tomorrow to Camp Half Blood. I'm bringing three Probatios from your cohort. I want you along as well, I want to challenge them a little, get them promoted to legionnaire soon." Reyna briefed him quickly. "Have your things ready by tomorrow's breakfast." "Yes, ma'am." He grinned. "I'll be there." Reyna nodded and turned away, sweeping off to her quarters to pack her own things. She nodded to Frank Zhang, as he was just leaving their quarters as she entered. Upon entering her sparsely decorated flat she sighed. Removing her armor and sword, setting them on their designated table near the door. She kicked off her sandals and untied her toga, changing into a pair of pajama pants and a purple Camp Jupiter t-shirt. She stretched her back and unbraided her hair, letting it fall down to her mid back in gentle waves. She grabbed her newest questing backpack, she had to replace her old one after that last stint with Nico di Angelo and Gleeson Hedge, and opened to find an old, crushed package of ambrosia, which, while unsavory looking, would still perform its duty. She left the package inside, instead opting to add a fresh package to its company. She added a pair of jeans and another t-shirt, an extra pair of boots, and one of her lesser favored daggers. She threw a water bottle and some crackers in for good measure. She also brought out a tent she had been given by one of the Hunters of Artemis. That girl was dead now, but her gifts had been useful and would remain so. She dug through her dresser to find her cloak, made impervious with the blessing of Athena. She cherished the cloak, not out of overwhelming respect for the Goddess she risked her life to appease, but for sentimental value, as it had also been key in her single-handed defeat of the Giant Orion. Of course, thinking about him brought unwelcome memories of her sister and following that train of thought right back to her father she simply felt uncomfortable. But of course, she had to deal with it. The cloak was incredibly useful, it had saved her life more than once, and she hoped it would continue doing just that. She paced her flat distractedly. She wasn't sure how long they'd be gone. In a perfect world they'd be back within three days. However, she knew her luck had never been so merciful, and she was positive she'd run into trouble on her way. She just prayed that her Probatios could handle the peril. Though she supposed if they wanted to survive their time in the Legion they would need to learn to. She was risking a lot with this quest, though she'd had worse, Reyna could only pray she and Grayson would be able to handle anything too overwhelming. Finally with grunt of frustration and copious grumbling, she switched off her lights and curled up in bed. Though her dreams only echoed her worries. She heard the yelp of Nando and Miles long before she saw them rushing back. "Praetor," Miles gasped. "It's a- well it's something. Not sure what it is." The figure stepped forward between a break in the trees, and Reyna's vision blurred until she stood before Nico di Angelo in an unknown place. " Hey, Reyna, sorry to bother you and all, in this whole dream thing." Nico had the decency to look sheepish. "Anyway, there's been a lot of monster attacks around here. Piper told me you were planning on coming to camp. I thought I'd warn you since Jason's been basically stranded here. Monsters have been patrolling the perimeter, so you'll need to come in either by air or underwater. Walking into camp is probably the worst idea." Reyna nodded. "Thank you Nico. I'm not coming with some of the most experienced demigods, but I think we'll be able to handle it. We're coming in via Pegasi, so have your archers searching for us. I'd appreciate if we weren't shot out of the sky." A/N Hey guys! So it's been awhile since I've written anything on this site at all. But oh well, this is my first Percy Jackson fanfic, I just finished the series the other week and this idea has been bothering me since the last chapter of BoO. Anyway, I hope you enjoy, review, review, review. Smash it to bits, or tell me you liked it. It's all welcome^^ expect some interesting things out of this. ~Mickey