was doing, because they knew the signs of a recently-converted druggie, of course, it wasn't their first day. I didn't know what to tell them, aside from the truth, and that certainly wasn't an option. So I just stared at the wall while they asked why I had gotten a D- on a test in my best subject, why I had suddenly quit the soccer team. I didn't have the heart to tell them that I was gone now, that soccer just wasn't as important as getting more pills. My Family Didn't Even Notice, and that's maybe the worst part. Thalia ended our friendship with a wounded look lingering in her electric eyes, Luke shooting me a glare over his shoulder as they walked away, hand-in-hand, tears streaming down my former best friends' cheeks. But Dad, Carol, my stepbrothers Bobby and Matthew? Not a chance. They were completely oblivious as I experimented with new drugs that Percy offered me, as I let myself drown in a haze of pharmaceuticals and psychedelia. My family didn't even notice. You know what? I take it back. That is the worst part. Loverboy So I guess by now you're wondering whatever happened to Percy, because at the beginning of this poem of stories, or story of poems, I called him my lover. And I guess that's true, in a way. Somewhere along the strand of hazy afternoons, he flashed me a smile, grabbed my hand, both of us grinning like loons, as only strong, strong drugs can make you do, and brought me underneath the bleachers. We both made love, both of us on a high, and I can honestly say sex with him is one of the only good things about that time, because God I think I might've really loved him, sick as it is. Maybe in a different world, things would have turned out okay, maybe, in a different world, we could have been happy together, neither of us relying on drugs just to get through our day. As it was, we snuck under the bleachers regularly, hiding in plain sight, and I gave myself to him over and over again, the last remnant of old, prudish Annabeth disappearing overnight. Now You Know how lost I was, how completely I'd lost my mind. Now you know how foolish I was, sex and drugs like some 1970s pop star. Now you know how I'd descended in a perfect storm of turmoil, made myself vulnerable to the worst of outcomes. Now you know. Now you know. Rachel Elizabeth Dare It was Rachel Elizabeth Dare that brought me to rock bottom, brought me to where I am today. It wasn't that I had anything against her personally. She was an artist, one that used drugs to get a vision for her new painting. Red, curly hair, freckles, paint-spotted-everything. The inside of her vagina is probably even speckled with metallic gold spray paint. But anyway, I saw her kissing Percy, shoved against the brick wall, his hand right up her tacky, polka-dotted bra, her face a picture of perfect ecstasy, and not the kind that looked like a pill. I just stood there, stock still, jaw hanging slightly ajar. But neither of them noticed me. They were both too lost in their own sort of euphoria. Tears sprung to my eyes, and I left, left school right there in the middle of the day. I just started running, around the block, feet pounding on the pavement. Wind whipped my face, my hair a wild vortex of insanity. I had lost it, completely and totally gone insane. I no longer remembered what it was to be happy and safe and ordinary, with a slightly crappy life, but with two best friends that would be there for me, if only, if only, if only, I'd let them. If only. If only. If only. But now I was lost and confused and afraid, having ostracized everybody that mattered. Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye. I clearly meant nothing to Percy, even though he meant everything to me. It was stupid, to let him get to me, but my defenses had been worn so weak, my heart crushed twice within the span of a month, that I couldn't help it. I was done, finished. In the end, I was strong as flimsy wrapping paper. If only, if only, if only. Park I found myself in a park, a really beautiful place, thick-trunked oak trees and grass like a St. Patrick's Day Parade. Bunches of Queen Anne's Lace crouched by the sidewalk, more organized patches of plum-colored petunias and heart-shaped daisies, petals fluttering in the wind. It was spring, so the magnolia tree was in full bloom, big pink flowers swaying, dangling off of brown branches, low-hanging fruit. A little girl with dark hair had tucked one behind her ear. I went and laid down beneath the magnolia tree. And Then I reached into my pocket and pulled out the pills, swallowing all of them in quick succession. Every single one. And here's the point where I could describe it as I'm scribbling wildly in this composition notebook, but I don't really see the point. Because that moment? That moment where I took all the pills? It's happening right now. The drugs are beginning to set in, and just in the nick of time, because I've finished my poem of stories, or perhaps my story of poems. We're coming to the end of my tale. This is more pills than I've ever taken, more pills than I think I'm supposed to take. But that's alright, because I find it easier to not worry about it, to just let go. To be free. Untitled I close my eyes and drift away into everlasting sleep if it's one thing you've learned from my poem don't ever waste yourself on pills face your problems don't end up like me shh, shh, be quiet now I'm trying to go to sle- A/N: So? What did you think?