himself to take a bit of dinner which is slimy and congealing. He eats it all though, just like he's learned to do. Better to be ready to die with a full stomach than with an empty one. He lets the others around him doing the talking, only speaking when spoken to. At one point, Percy asks him, "You're a reasonable man, doc. Who would win in a fight: Anton Christoforidis or Fritzie Zivic?" Will shrugs, "I don't follow much boxing, sorry." Percy sighs, "Ah, what do they do in the South anyways? Sit around and watch grass grow? Talk about how swell the Jim Crow laws are?" "Watch it, Yank." Will growls, "You know I'm not like that." "Jesus, Solace. It was a joke. Something bothering you tonight?" Percy asks. The eyes of everyone at the table are on him. He feels cornered. He wants out. Abruptly, he stands up, "Yes, actually." He lets his accent slip into his words more than usual, "I think I'm goin' to turn in early." "G'night, Will." Connor calls. Will answers by slamming the mess door behind him. . He doesn't go back to his bunk. Instead, he walks to the tent where the refugees are. Nothing has changed much in the 45 minutes he's been gone. Dinner has been passed around, but that's about it. From what Will gathers, their dinner consists of stale bread, dried meat and whatever crops the combined American and British forces could come up with on the island. Food isn't exactly scarce for them, but it ain't no Garden of Eden either. Maria and Bianca are still huddled around Nico when Will gets there. Someone got a cup of water for Nico di Angelo, which would help stave off dehydration. The boy had enough problems as it is. Though the fever had not completely broken, it felt much lower than it had been. He tells Maria this and her eyes soften, a weight gone from her mind. There is a much better chance now that Nico will pull through relatively unscathed, he tells her. It's good his vitals are improving and his body is responding to the medicine in a good way. He watches Maria relay on this information to Bianca. She has a similar reaction to her mother's, but stronger. She looks at Will with admiration and clasps one of his hands in thanks. " Grazie, grazie." She says, over and over, " Dio vi benedica!" She races off, shouting to the others what Will can only assume is the good news that Nico will live. Young and old alike rejoice in this. Will sees smiles from the brown faces and the hugs and tears of joy that spread throughout the group. "You are a holy man," Maria says in French. "No, ma'am." Will says, "I am just trying to do a good thing." "My family owes you many thanks." She says. Will shakes his head, "Just doing my job, ma'am." Though there's little doubt in Will's mind now that the boy won't pull through, he sets up for the night to keep watch over his patient. Something about the way Grace talked about him made Will worry. It made Will want to be there in the morning should troops come walking through the door. He sets a stool up against one of the poles keeping the tent up. That way he could lean against it, should he nod off. And he did nod off. Sometime after midnight, after he had taken the IV out of Nico's hand and checked his bandages. The boy's temperature was back to normal and so was his pulse. Mind at ease, Will had let his mind drift and dream. He wakes to the sound of the morning bugle. It takes him a second to remember that he isn't in his bunk, but actually the tent of his patient. The refugees are just starting to stir in the early morning. Breakfast will soon be brought to them. Will rubs the sleep out of his eyes. He had an unusually peaceful sleep, not plagued by nightmares of the bomb raids in London when he shipped out, or the small battle, by relative standards, which let them take Sicily. His main goals for the morning are taking a piss and checking on his patient, though not necessarily in that order. When he turns his head to check on the boy, his heart jumps into his throat. Nico di Angelo is sitting up in bed, the deep olive color of his skin having returned in the night. He looks tired and his hair is mussed and ratty. He needs a haircut and a shave. He looks exactly like a prisoner of war might. Nico di Angelo looks at him with intelligent brown eyes, so dark they look kohl black. In his hands is what appears to be the family Bible. He's reading a Psalm, Will notices. For several seconds, the two just stare at one another. Will notices that Maria and Bianca sleep soundly in the cot next to Nico's. They don't make a sound. They don't make introductions. The young man nods, as if approving, "Ah, yes. You're the doctor they gave me so I wouldn't die before questioning." . Some notes: -"Hun" was a period typical name for the Germans because they conquered everywhere they pleased. -Travis and Connor are Jewish here, because why not. I'm sure they are ready to give Hitler a piece of their minds. -Captain America, despite not being real in the 40s, was a comic book hero that came out around that time. -The wrestlers Percy mentions are real wrestlers that I looked up on Wikipedia. -The Jim Crow laws were laws made after the end of slavery that allowed the South their segregation. They were deemed legal by the Supreme Court case "Plessy v. Ferguson" but won't be overturned until 1954, in the case, "Brown v. Board of Ed" that established "separate but equal" was unconstitutional.