teacher. There are seriously times where I'm surprised we're not kicked out of this place. Our border line too loud laughter didn't quiet down until our food was brought out. There was nothing that could shut up a couple of teenagers more than food. I immediately attacked my French toast, bacon, over easy egg sandwich, barely giving the waitress time to get her hand out of the way. It was a bit of an odd creation, but damn was it good. Annabeth thought she'd try being cute and steal one of my chili fries, but I slapped her hand away, causing her to drop some chili onto the table top. "Oh, nice going there," Annabeth commented like it was my fault. I picked up the exact fry that Annabeth had been fishing for and hovered it just outside my mouth. "This mess is all you. After all these are your apology fries, taking back your apology only causes more trouble." I popped the fried into my mouth, anticipating the great satisfaction of eating it right in front of Annabeth. It wasn't just that the fires were one of my all-time favorite things on the menu, it was also the weight they carried with them. It wasn't too often that I got a victory over Annabeth like this. Victory tasted good with chili fries. However, sweet deliciousness was not what I got. As soon as the fry was in my mouth I was attacked by another strange head rush. This time my vision wasn't spotted, but it went entirely black like I had been pulled away from the conscious world. Then I could see again like nothing ever happened. In that second I had felt like I was falling even though I hadn't moved at all. The fry got rested on my tongue tasteless and heavy. I felt the muscles in the back of my throat constrict and I knew I was going to vomit. I quickly slapped my hand over my mouth and stumbled out of the booth to try to make it to the restroom, nearly knocking over two people in the process, but I had made it. I retched out all the contents of my freshly eaten meal back out of my stomach. Once it was all out I felt like complete shit. My legs felt weak and cold. I didn't even try to get up. I just knelt there by the toilet hanging my aching head. "Percy?" Annabeth called softly from outside the door. I hadn't closed it so Annabeth could clearly see me in my sickly state. At least her body was blocking the customers' views, although I knew they were all looking this way. "Percy, are you okay?" Annabeth knelt down beside me and rubbed comforting circles into my back. I shook my head, but I weakly responded, "I'm – I'm fine. Don't worry." "Somehow I'm not convinced." Of course she wasn't. There was obviously something wrong. Truth be told, it freaked me out, seriously. I didn't know what was happening or why, but whatever it was I didn't want to concern Annabeth. I knew she would have been more than willing to help, but I didn't want her to see me like this, to know how scared I was. "I just think I need to go home. Get some sleep." I stood up slowly, trying my best not to wobble too much. Annabeth hovered by me ready to catch me if I decided to suddenly collapse. I fished some cash out of wallet and threw it on the table. I probably overpaid, but I could care less at the moment. I just wanted to get out of the diner and back home where I could be alone and safe from all the watching eyes. "Do you want me to walk you back to your apartment?" Annabeth asked, handing me my skateboard for the second time that day. I couldn't meet her grey eyes. If I saw just how concerned she was, I knew I would break. My defenses weren't too strong when it came to her, but I could be pretty stubborn at times. "No, it's okay. I think I manage to get back on my own." "Are you certain?" "Yeah, Annabeth, don't worry. I'll be fine." I gave her a weak smile. "Finish your lunch and enjoy those chili fries for me. I'll call you later tonight." Annabeth stared back at me, assessing me to my core. Her eyes gave away her disappointment and she pursed her lips. "Alright. Just be careful, Seaweed Brain." When she used my nickname affectionately I knew she was really bothered. She was just trying her best to play it off, make the situation lighter. I hated holding back on her, but I knew it would only worry her more if I was honest. "I promise." "I'll hold you to that." I could have almost smiled for real. That was such a typical Annabeth answer. I give her a couple more reassurances before I made my way out of the diner. My apartment complex was only a short ten minute walk away, but at the pace I was moving it was most likely going to take me closer to twenty. I was worried that another head rush was going to get me. I wanted to be careful where I was if I collapsed. Luckily, I made it all the way back home with no issues, only a slight weakness running through my limbs. My mom and stepdad were at work, so there was no one to question or bother me as I stumbled through the apartment. I went to the bathroom and washed the sick out of my mouth and stripped off my shirt which had gotten a little bit on it. Then I climbed in my bed and prayed that whatever was happening to me would be gone when I woke up. As I know now, that was only the beginning, and sleep was not the solution.