so funny. "Um, yeah I think so. Why?" Travis and Connor looked at each other. They hadn't thought of what to say. They couldn't let anyone know their mom did it. That's why they came here, not the hospital. Travis spoke up. "I uh...fell off a tractor." She stared at him in disbelief. "We live in the city, Travis. There are no tractors." she said sarcastically. Connor glared at him. He shrugged. Before Travis could come up with any other "brilliant" ideas, Connor spoke up. "He broke his wrist." Travis nodded and showed her. "How?" she asked, surprisingly calm. They hesitated. "He was climbing a tree, and he fell" Connor said confidently. "Well, then why don't you go to the hospital instead of here you dorks? This is serious!" "Well-" Travis interrupted Connor. "I have a fear of hospitals!" "Then why didn't you go to a clinic or doctors office or something. They're not the same!" Alissa yelled. Connor must've gotten tired of trying to come up with ideas, so he just looked at Travis expectantly. After all, he is the older brother. "I h-have a fear of people who wear lab coats or-" he stopped and thought for a moment. "or whatever doctors wear." "Scrubs?" Alissa suggested. "Yeah those!" he said. Connor rolled his eyes. Alissa stared at them, doubt clouding her eyes. She let out a frustrated sigh and let them in. "Travis, go sit on the couch over there. Connor, see that cabinet over there? Grab a washcloth out of it please. I'll be right back." The boys followed her instructions and she came back with the first aid kit and dragged a little table closer to the couch. They sat in silence as Alissa carefully examined Travis's wrist. "We need to get the swelling down a little before we can do anything else. Connor, can you get a ice pack from the freezer? Its right around the corner." He got it and had Travis hold it on his wrist. "So is your dad traveling?" Connor asked Alissa. She nodded. The brothers knew Alissa's dad was rarely home, and her mom was in some kind of freak accident and died when Alissa was only 2 years old. "How did you really break your wrist?" she asked. "We told you already. I fell out of a tree." Travis said. She rolled her eyes and almost looked hurt that they weren't telling her. "You want your wrist to get better or not? Cause if you do, you better start talking." Travis shrank back and looked down with tear-filled eyes. Connor stood up and walked out of the room. Travis hesitated. "My mom." Tears trickled down his face as he said it in nearly a whisper. Alissa sat back, stunned. "Ever since my dad left-" his tears were falling faster now. "You don't have to tell me it all" Alissa said with tears in her own eyes. "N-no it's fine. You need to know. Ever since my dad left my mom started drinking. At first it was mild, but the longer it went on the worse it got." he went on to explain the rest of the story. About halfway through, Connor came back in the room, his eyes red from crying. By the end of the story Alissa was crying too. They sat in silence for a while and watched whatever was on the TV. Everyone calmed down, and Alissa started to work on Travis's wrist again, tender moment over. "Hey Connor, could you hand me the washcloth you got earlier? Thanks." she said as he handed it to her. She put it in Travis's mouth. "Okay Travis. I need to set your wrist, so when it hurts bite down on the washcloth." He nodded. Connor leaned in close to her. "Are you sure you know how to do this?" he whispered. "I'm positive. Besides, I've done this before. And my dad showed me how, just in case. He'll be fine." she replied and gave him a reassuring smile. Then she got to work. To their surprise, Travis didn't make a sound when they set it. He had his eyes closed tightly and they could see his jaw trembling from biting down so hard, but no noise came from him at all. Alissa put a splint on it and wrapped it as best as she could, but it wasn't perfect. "If you guys want, we have a spare bedroom with two twin beds you can use. You know, if you don't want to go home." she offered. They gladly accepted. Travis took an aspirin, which pretty much knocked him out for the night, and after Connor thanked Alissa again, he went to sleep. Alissa, however, couldn't sleep that night. She felt awful for forcing the truth out of them, but they were her best friends. They could've told her, right? After hours of tossing and turning, she fell into a restless sleep. That's pretty much how their summer went. If their mom was okay, then Connor and Travis would stay at their house. If not, they would use the spare bedroom at Alissa's. And Travis's wrist finally did heal, but since they didn't go to the hospital to get it fixed it gave him trouble from time to time. A/N: How was that? Was it too brutal or mushy or sad? Please let me know so I can make it better :) All reviews welcome! Both good and bad. And I have somewhat of an idea of how the rest will go, but you can still send in suggestions and I can try to use them. Thanks for reading! Please comment and subscribe! I'll get the next chapter up as soon as I'm done writing it. Oh, and just so everyone knows I post all my disclaimers on my profile. So as far as I know (even though I haven't really looked into it) I don't think I'm breaking any rules. Let me know if I am. Thanks again!