while kicking him into a gap in the floors. He grunted when the chain stopped falling. Piper calmly went an picked up the phone and her shoes. "Where's Thalia now?" "We don't know," Hazel admitted. "But she's alive?" "We think so. I'll brief you on everything when you get back. But first, we need you to talk to the big guy." "Hazel, you know that Valdez trusts me about as far as he can throw me," Piper argued. "No, I've got Valdez, you get the big guy." "Valdez?!" Leo exclaimed. "And I thought you were the 'big guy', Piper laughed. "Looks like Hazel thinks you're small, too," Annabeth and Thalia laughed. Percy was too busy laughing with Jason and Frank to speak. A little girl is running through a busy street. She is puching her way through. She enters a building and goes to the top floor. A woman speaks to her when she notices the girl. "Who are you?" she says in a language that is Indian. "Get out! There is sickness here!" "I have to see a doctor! It's my father!" she pleaded. "My father's not waking up! He has a fever and he's moaning, but his eyes wont open." "That is just too cute!" Piper and Hazel gushed. "I don't think anyone could resist that," Annabeth admitted. "Better than Percy's baby seal face?" Reyna asked Annabeth. She nodded. "Hey! I pride myself on my baby seal face!" Percy protested. "Slow down," a man says calmly. "My father..." The man crouches down and points to a part of the room, "Like them?" The little girl has tears in her eyes and is holding money, "Please." "That is so cute!" the girls gushed. She is rushing to a house. The man stops her as a car passes by, then they continue to move forward. They enter the house and the girl runs over to a window and hops out. The man looks at the window in disbelief and mumbles to himself, "Should have gotten paid up front, Frank." "Frank!" they all exclaimed. "Wait... so I'm the Hulk?" he asked, scratching his head. Leo laughed, "Makes sense since you can turn into animals." "But a giant, green rage monster?" "Can you do that?" Jason asked. "I don't feel like trying..." Frank said. "Boys," Thalia whispered to the girls. "You know," says a voice behind curtains, "For a man who is supposed to be avoiding stress, you sure picked a hell of a place to settle." The voice belonged to Piper as she emerged from behind the curtain. Frank turns slowly, "Avoiding stress isn't the secret." "Then what is it? Yoga?" Frank rubs his hands together and looks at the window. "You brought me to the edge of the city, smart. I uh... assume the whole place is surrounded?" "Just you and me." "And your actress buddy, is she a spy too? Do they start that young?" "I did." "Who are you?" "Piper McLean." "Are you here to kill me, Miss McLean? Because that's not going to work out for everyone." "Yeah, unleashing the Hulk is very bad," the girls that knew of him said. "But he is super wicked!" Leo exclaimed. "Unless he is after you," Jason and Percy told him. "No. No. Of course not. I'm here on behalf of SHIELD." Piper explained. "SHIELD? How did they find me?" Frank asked. "We never lost you, Doctor. We've kept our distance, even helped keep some other interested parties off your scent." "Why?" "Annabeth Chase seems to trust you. But now I need you to come in." "What if I say no?" "Then I'll persuade you." "And what if... the other guy says no?" "Valid point," Annabeth states. "The other guy always wins," Percy said proudly. "You've been over a year without an incident. I don't think you want to break that streak," Piper said, deadly calm. "I don't always get what I want," Frank informed. "Doctor, we're facing a potential global catastrophe." "Well, those I actively try to avoid." "Good idea..." Leo said rubbing his chin. "Yeah maybe if we avoid a catastrophe, we wont have to fight," Percy said. "This," Piper said pulling out a phone, "is the Tesseract. It has the potential energy to wipe out the planet." She shoes him a picture of the photo. Frank leans in, putting on glasses to look closer. "What does Chase want me to do? Swallow it?" Frank asked. Piper leaned in, crossing her arms, "He wants you to find it. It's been taken. It emits a gamma signature that's too weak for us to trace. There's no one that knows gamma radiation like you do. If there was, that's where I'd be." "She is really good at persuading," Reyna noted. "Just like our Piper," Jason said. "So, Chase isn't after the monster?" Frank asked. "Not that he's told me," Piper said, still deadly calm. "And he tells you everything?" "Talk to Chase, he needs you on this." "He needs me in a cage?" "No ones going to put you in a-" she was cut off. "STOP LYING TO ME!" Frank boomed, slamming his hands on the table. The demigods flinched at the sudden volume increase. They had to turn up the volume to hear the conversation, but were regretting it. "Frank, you're really loud," Percy complained. "I hope the other guy doesn't make an appearance," Piper mumbled. In the blink of an eye, Piper was standing, pointing a gun at Frank. "I'm sorry. That was mean. I just wanted to see what you'd do. Why don't we do this the easy way, where you don't use that, and the other guy doesn't make a mess? Okay? Piper..." Frank said, now calm. Piper looks reluctant, but puts the gun away. She speaks into her Bluetooth, "Stand down. We're good." "She lied about being alone!" Leo exclaimed. "Yeah, let's just go meet the Hulk and not bring any backup. That is a great idea," Annabeth said. "Just you and me?" Frank asks.