I was okay. Percy kept looking at the other people in line and once he even asked Grover if he smelled anything. I was a little nervous when he said that the underground always smells like monsters but I held my tongue. We were ushered into a cart and started going up, inside the Arch. When we made it to the top Annabeth began talking about structural supports and all the things she would have done differently. I got the feeling she would have stayed up there for days had the park ranger not announced that the observation deck would be closing in a few minutes. Percy steered us back toward the elevators. There was only room for Annabeth and Grover, and the park ranger told us we would have to wait for the next one. "We'll get out," Annabeth said, "We'll wait for you. " Percy replied, "Naw, we'll be okay. We'll meet you guys at the bottom." Grover and Annabeth both looked nervous, but they let the doors to the elevator slide close. The only people left on the observation deck were us, a little boy with his parents, the park ranger, and a fat lady with a Chihuahua. The lady made me nervous. Something about her and the little dog rubbed me the wrong way and I unconsciously slipped my hand inside my jean pocket and gripped my knife. The Chihuahua jumped down and began to bark at me and Percy. " Now, now, sonny," the lady said. "Does this look like a good time? We have all these nice people here." " Doggie!" said the little boy, "Look, a doggie!" His parents pulled him back. The Chihuahua bared its teeth at me and Percy, foam dripping from his black lips. " Well, son," the fat lady sighed, "If you insist." Percy spoke up, "Did you just call that Chihuahua your son?" "He's a chimera. Not a Chihuahua." The lady corrected patiently. The lady pulled her sleeves back and I could see that her skin was scaly and green. The dog barked louder and with each bark it began to grow. The larger it became the louder the bark got until eventually it became a roar. The little boy began to scream and his parents pulled him back toward the exit. The ranger was too afraid to move. He stood, paralyzed, and gaping at the monster. I pulled my knife out and looked to Percy who had yet to uncap his sword. The snake lady hissed, "You two should be honored. Lord Zeus rarely allows me to test heroes with one of my brood. I am the Mother of Monsters, the terrible Echidna!" Percy, the big idiot, responded with, "Isn't that a kind of anteater?" The snake lady obviously didn't like this comment because she howled in outrage and her face turned from brown to green, "I hate when people say that! For that Percy Jackson, my son shall destroy you and your little friend." The Chimera charged but Percy and I both managed to leap aside and dodge the bite. Percy ended up next to the park ranger and the family, who were all screaming now and trying to open the emergency exit doors. I was on the other side of the room next to the elevator doors. Percy uncapped his sword, unveiled his shield, and ran to the other side of the deck. He yelled, "Hey, Chihuahua!" The Chimera turned, opened its mouth, and shot a column of fire straight toward Percy. Fear overcame me, I couldn't let the boy who had quickly become one of my dearest friends get barbecued. I felt a tugging in my gut and the next thing I knew a giant wind blew towards Percy and shoved him a few feet away from the monster. Where Percy had been a moment earlier was now a gaping hole in the side of the Arch. Percy regained his feet and slashed at the Chimera's neck but it sparked harmlessly off the collar. I saw the serpent's tail whip around and sink its fangs into Percy calf but by the time I called his name it was too late. Blinded by rage I ran forward and stabbed my knife into the Chimera's back. It disintegrated on contact and I then turned toward the Snake Lady's outraged face. I threw my knife and it embedded itself into her chest, she too became dust. Turning toward Percy I could tell he was having a hard time breathing. For some reason I knew what would help him. "Jump," I told him. He gave me an incredulous look so I explained, "The River is down there. You're the son of the sea god. The water healed you before, have faith that it will heal you now. We'll find you down there." Percy got up from his slumped position on the ground and began walking backwards to the edge of the Arch. He looked at me once more and then jumped. Once he was out of sight I turned around and retrieved my knife. It was then that I looked over at the family and the ranger. They were terrified and I realized to them it must look like I just slaughtered an old lady and her dog and pushed my friend off the arch. I have to get out of here. The tugging in my gut reappeared and I began to float in midair. Once over my initial shock and fear I began to walk. It was exactly like walking on the ground except I didn't have to have floor beneath me. I took a page out of Percy's book and walked over the edge. I willed myself to float down and I did. Instead of landing on the river I began to push the wind to the left and towards ground. It worked. I had just literally walked on air and I was okay! So did this mean my father was who I think he is?