easiest if you could just give Perseus the same immortality as your hunters." Zeus asked. Artemis nodded and touched Percy's shoulder, causing him to glow silver for a second before it vanished. "Why silver?" Apollo asked. "I thought the only time a person glowed silver is the you…" Apollo was cut off by Artemis' hand. Hera and Hestia were the only ones other then Apollo and Artemis who knew what it meant. Of course, Athena just gasped, figuring it ut, so Artemis glared at her, telling her to not say a word. "Thank you, Lady Artemis." Percy said politely. Artemis stared at Percy for a moment before giving him a nod and returning to her throne. "I believe this ceremony is now complete. New cabins will be built at Camp Half Blood and the peaceful Titans shall be released as soon as possible. Now, we shall celebrate our victory with a party on Olympus." Zeus thundered. "WOOHOO! Party Time!" Apollo and Hermes shouted, only to be silenced by the other Gods glares. Apollo, Dionysus and Hermes all smiled and vanished. When the first person opened the throne room doors, they were greeted with a massive courtyard filled with food and wine. Music was playing and a dance floor was set up. People began exiting the throne room and heading to the party. Percy hung back waiting for people to clear out so he could slip out without being noticed. He already had plans on how he wanted to spend the foreseeable future. When everyone was gone, Percy made to sneak off through a side room to escape the party. But when he turned, he saw Hera glaring at him from her throne. Percy tensed a bit but then surprisingly made his way over to her throne and bowed. "What!?" Nico exclaimed. "Percy being respectful!" Thalia added. "It's unheard of!" Annabeth muttered, smirking. She knew everyone was once again glaring at her, but she was thinking about how she turned Hera against Percy using his disrespectfulness. Hera and Percy would not make a good pair for her plans with Kronos. All of a sudden she remembered the contingency plan in case the Titans lost and Percy lived. She burst into laughter that the Joker would be jealous of. "Lady Hera, I was wondering if I could please have a moment of your time." Percy asked quietly. Hera narrowed her eyes at Percy but gave him a slight nod. "I just wanted to apologize for the way I spoke to you last year after the quest in the Labyrinth. I didn't actually agree with what she said to you but I was naïve and stupid. I was trying to direct your anger toward me instead of her. I am sorry for what I said." Percy explained. He bowed and turned to leave but was stopped when Hera spoke. "Don't you dare…" Poseidon started, only to be cut off by Hera. "Poseidon, I won't harm someone who just apologized to me, no matter who they are." "Wait, Perseus." Hera called. Percy turned back and looked up at Hera, half expecting to get incinerated. "I believe you are trying to avoid the celebration, correct?" Hera asked. Percy nodded warily. "Well, I will help you. Thank you for your apology. While I was angry, I understand your reasons." Hera said with a small smile before she snapped her fingers and Percy vanished. Thalia gazed up at Her as if considering something, before sighing. She kneeled in front of Hera and apologized for everything she had done. While the main reason Hera was mad at her was because Zeus had cheated on Hera, she figured it would make Hera less and at her. Hera accepted, and even apologized back for being mad at her. Percy reappeared inside an empty Camp Half- Blood. Percy felt relieved knowing he wouldn't have to deal with anyone seeing him leave. He quickly went into the Poseidon cabin and gathered clothes, money, drachmas, weapons and supplies. He grabbed a piece of paper and wrote down a short letter addressed to Chiron. Percy left his cabin and walked into the dining pavilion where he convinced a few nymphs to give him some food for travel. Percy walked over to the brazier and dropped a couple pieces of his food into the fire. "For Lady Hera. Thank you for getting me off Olympus." Percy muttered before jogging off to the big house where he left the note for Chiron. ["Whoah" Hera sated, shocked. "That will be the first time a demigod has sacrificed something to me."] Percy looked over the camp one last time before he made his way up Half Blood Hill. After petting Peleus, Percy turned his back on his home for the past four years, unsure when or if he would see it again. Line Break The next morning when Chiron returned to Camp Half Blood with the demigods, he was greeted with a letter that sent a pang of pain through his heart. Dear Chiron, I am letting you know I won't be staying at camp for a while. After everything that happened yesterday, I have decided to spend some time traveling. I need some time to sort through my emotions. Please don't think I am angry with you or anyone. You are like a father to me, and the campers like my brothers and sisters. I just need some time to myself. Please don't search for me. I will return when I have figured things out. Thank you for everything Chiron, and please tell the campers I am sorry. Thank you, Percy Jackson. Everyone sat in silence and shock. So many things happened in one chapter, they feared for the rest. All of a sudden Thalia bursts from her seat and slaps Percy. "That's for leaving without saying goodbye!" She exclaimed, before settling back down in her seat. Percy made no reaction to Thalia except for the smallest of nods to he in a way to say okay.