"You're going to give up on our friendship like last time?" "Gods, Percy, you might be moving to freaking Rome, and you're questioning me? So what if I want to go to the other side of the country," she tells him. She's actually mad that he isn't supporting her, actually. "I'm not moving to Rome," he tells her. She's curious, so she pushes on asking. "I'm planning to break up with Rachel once this summer ends. Y'know, focus on school. If NYU accepts me, I'll take it. I'm studying marine biology, actually," he tells her. "Break up with Rachel?" Annabeth asks. "Yeah, she's moving to Rome to pursue art, I cant stop her if she likes Roman guys, can I?" It's there and then that Annabeth thinks her waiting is finally over. They're going to break up, and Annabeth is going to fight every single girl for Percy Jackson's heart. "You're going to the west coast, we won't be seeing each other much," he voices out his own thoughts, "this is where we split schools, I guess." "Yeah, I guess," Annabeth tells him. She decides she wants it to be a surprise that she's staying in New York. age 19 Percy definitely thinks that Annabeth is leaving soon. Every moment, he spends as much time as possible with her. He breaks it off with Rachel pretty fast, and he seemed okay with that, surprisingly. Rachel got a hard blow and she left to Rome a few days after that. The gang promised her that they weren't close to Rachel at all, and only put up with her for Percy's sake. They becomes best friends again. They go over so many times, actually. Percy doesn't dare ask Annabeth when her school starts and when she has to leave. He started feeling feelings for her again. Just like how he felt years ago. He knows it's a bad sign, but he can't help himself. She's leaving in weeks, maybe even days. A week before NYU started was when Percy found the courage to ask when her school started. "Same as yours," was all she replied. "Can you tell me which school?" He asks curiously. She doesn't tell him, actually. She avoids him for the rest of the week. He looks dishevelled, and that's because he's constantly worrying about Annabeth Chase. She left him without a word, and hell, she might be already across the country now. He feels hopeless. But Percy Jackson gets a very nice surprise the morning he starts school. Firstly, Annabeth Chase is outside his house. She says she's driving them to school. He finally gets it. Annabeth Chase is studying in NYU. age 20 They both refuse to tell each other that they are hopelessly in love with each other. One thing has changed though, both of them don't hit on any other guy or girl. This gives each of them hope. Jason and Piper find them dumb - completely and honestly dumb. They don't understand the stupidity of Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase. But Jason and Piper know that they're not going to meddle. They know that Percy and Annabeth would find a way to work things out - however long they might take. Percy thinks Annabeth treats him like a best friend only. She doesn't hint anything about liking him, and honestly, Percy thinks he needs to step up his game. Annabeth knows she loves Percy Jackson, but she's afraid of rejection. She knows her friendship with Percy would change drastically if something like romantic feelings would be involved. She tries to hide her feelings for him. age 21 Percy thinks it's time to ask his mother for advice. "Mum," he says so casually at the dining table. Sally looks up from her meal, smiling at her wonderful son. "Something's different. I.. I kinda like Annabeth, y'know?" "Well, that's obvious, she likes you too," Sally says so casually. "No! She's never shown any interest in me!" He defends, he hopes it is true that she likes him though. Sally sighs as she thinks about how oblivious they are and says, "you know many things about Annabeth Chase that most people won't. Like what her order for Starbucks would be, or her reaction if she finds a spider in a room. But darling, you don't see that Annabeth Chase is in love with you." It hits him hard, and it is true. He thinks he knows everything about Annabeth Chase. But he doesn't know what her feelings for him are. Piper Mclean can't stand seeing her best friends love each other, yet aren't together because of their naivety. She decides it's time to take action. "I like him, Pipes," Annabeth tells her during their weekly girls sleepover. "I know, we all know. Only Percy Jackson doesn't know," Piper says casually. "And we all know he's in love with you too." "It's been obvious," Piper tells Annabeth when she gives her a strange look. "Remember when you and Luke broke up? Who was the first to console you? Percy," she tells Annabeth. "He might've been with Rachel, but they broke things off so fast. I have a feelings it's because he had feelings for you. He didn't even feel sad that he broke up with Rachel," she continues. "Trust me, that boy is totally in love with you." age 22 It's a year later before they realise that feelings are reciprocated. They're in Percy's room when it happens. They were just talking and doing best friend things. But then, all of a sudden, they're face to face. And Percy's the daring one making a move to kiss her. Annabeth obliges. And that's when they realise that they've been so dumb. Because kissing the other person feels like heaven. "You kiss like the world is ending," they both say to each other as they break away. Percy is panting, and Annabeth is grinning. "Don't tell me you forgot to breathe," Annabeth giggles because they were making out for minutes.