was red. Her skirt was in colour. Everything in her surroundings blurred. She kissed him. The next morning he couldn't remember a thing. Just as well it was a Saturday. He had a really weird feeling that he couldn't shake, and he knew wasn't just a hangover. He decided to head to Di Angelo's for a smoothie, they always made him feel better. Maybe he could talk things over with Nico. He knew it was his cousin's anniversary of meeting Will soon; he'd have to see what plans Nico had. He shoved on a lightly checked shirt, attempted to do something with his hair and chucked his car keys into his jean pocket. He didn't exactly feel like walking there this morning. Turns out Nico didn't really have time to talk today, but he'd grabbed a smoothie and a croissant all the same. He thanked Nico once he was done and headed out the shop. Being the gentleman he was, he held the door as a woman walked in. She had beautiful grey eyes, even if he couldn't tell what colour they actually were. Although she looked like she had seen a ghost. After standing there awkwardly for eternity waiting for her to stop staring and enter the shop, he just gave up and walked past. He gave her a weird look and stepped out onto the street. As he climbed into his car his phone rang. 'Work' flashed up on the screen. Sigh. "I'll be there in an hour." She could see Piper waiting in Di Angelo's already. She'd called an emergency meeting to discuss Luke. A young man was trying to exit as she entered the shop, and he stood to the side to let her pass. That's when she made eye contact. Electricity spread down her spine, right to her toes. She was staring at a man with shaggy hair and bright green eyes . It was Him . She was speechless. She couldn't move. She instantly knew she'd made the wrong decision kissing Luke last night. She felt drawn to the stranger, and couldn't quite comprehend she'd finally met Him. This was fate. Only when he pushed past her giving her a confused look did she realise she'd been stood in the doorway staring at him the whole time. "Hey Annabeth." She slid into the seat next to Piper. "What have I done?" She placed her head in her hands and her hair fell forward. "Well hello to you too." She looked up at the girl in front of her. "Last night I kissed Luke, Piper. My skirt was red, I took it as a sign... He was being so nice to me, and I just... I thought... It was right. It felt good. But my skirt wasn't red because of Luke. I remember a man in the corner of my eye. I now know who he was. Piper, it was the man just leaving the shop... He had bright green eyes. He... He ... He was my soul mate." Annabeth left before Piper. She needed to speak to Luke. That meant she missed the Barista smile. She missed the Barista call Piper over. She missed the Barista say "Ma'am I couldn't help but overhear you and your grey-eyed friend, but I believe I can help you. The man with the green eyes is infact my cousin and I don't think they'd mind a little push in the right direction..." He played his voicemail from Nico. He'd been in a meeting when he called in the afternoon. "Hey Perce, I've got tomorrow afternoon off. I've got news. Meet me at the shop at 1:00 and we'll go for lunch. See you then." He was rather confused. Nico rarely had 'news'. He texted back a simple "I'll be there at 1." She met up with Luke for lunch. She felt it was best to tell him in person. He took it well; he understood the power of Fate. He kissed her on the forehead and insisted on being chief bridesmaid at the wedding. Piper texted her later too. She had ' NEWS' , in capitals, and said ' Di Angelo's, tomorrow at 1:00. ' She hoped it wasn't the same as last time. Last time Piper had ' NEWS' , it was that she was planning some celebrity Annabeth hadn't head of's wedding. She'd ended up rambling for over an hour. Nico had his back to Percy to hide his smirk. "I'm just finishing up. Give me 5." Percy leant on the counter waiting. A Native American girl walked in and ordered. She stood by Percy as she waited for her drink. He perused the day's selection of pastries. Another woman entered. "I'm just heading to the toilet; I'll be back in a sec." The Cherokee spoke to the other woman. "I'll have an espresso please." The new female said. The woman turned round to face Percy. He met her eyes. That's when he felt it. A pull to her he'd never felt before. It was the lady from the day before. She had blonde princess curls. She had tanned skin. She had dusky pink lips smiling at him. It was Her . They'd found each other. They'd found their soul mate. They'd found The One. A voices broke their connection. "Newsflash: I found your soulmate." They turned to see a very smug Nico and Piper. "We better get special recognition at the wedding." A year later they got married at the beach. Nico was Best Man, and Piper Maid of Honour. Luke, an usher, took a fancy to one of Annabeth's bridesmaids Thalia. Leo, the Spaniard Percy had met at the bar, caught the bouquet. Even if it was by accident. Percy had scooped Annabeth up and carried her down the aisle. They spent their honeymoon in a cabin in Montauk. They watched the sunset every night. They had two children together, Selina and Charles. And on their grave it simply said: "You Bring The Colour."