confused and turned to Nico as askance, but he just rolled his eyes. His face seemed to say just go along with it. "Well, since your staying with us now, we need to find you a name, Rosie." "Definately not that one." Will just laughed as his image faded. They had called a counselor meeting as a way to introduce her to the cabins and to explain to the others what she was. As horrible as the idea sounded at first, she was actually thankful for it. She was also thankful for Nico and Will doing most of the talking for her. As they told her story, she observed the other campers. There were a few in particular who stood out to her. There was the couple who could make even holding hands seem scandelous. The girl had curly blond hair and terrifying storm-gray eyes that seemed to be glaring solely at her. The boy was handsome. He had black hair like Nico, but all similarities ended there. His sea-green eyes couldn't focus on one thing for very long. One moment he was lookin at her the next Nico then at his girlfriend's hair and then on the campers around him and so on. She tore her eyes away from the couple and focused on another camper. The girl was easily the prettiest person alive. Her skin was perfectly tanned, her long, choppy hair braided with feathers and her eyes a thousand different colors. Despite her stunning beauty, her posture was slumped and she was stuffing her face eating a round cracker with orange-yellow stuff from a can. She had the appearance of someone who either didn't know her own beauty or she did and just played it down a lot or simply didn't care at all. The boy next to her was somehow even more hyperactive than the first. He couldn't sit still and was always fidgeting. His hands were everywhere, it seemed. They tugged on his curly hair, scratched the side of his head, emphasizing his elvish ears he tapped on the table and pulled random objects from the tool belt around his waist. He was scrawny, but not so much that he appeared to be weak. She noticed that many of the kids here were acting similarly to the green eyed boy. Demigods, Will had told her before the meeting, tend to have ADHD and dyslexia. She didn't know what that meant, but she was sure she was picking up what at least one of those words meant. As they continued talking, she could feel the eyes of the other campers on her. Especially those of the gray eyed girl. No matter how hard she tried to focus on other campers, she still felt the girl's eyes on her. She scooted colser to Nico and took his hand as a way to steady herself. He looked startled, but he gave her hand a reassuring squeeze. As odd as it may seem, she was begining to see Nico as a brother. Just as he was in her past life. Will finished telling her story and a rough looking girl in red called out, "So where are we keeping her? She can't stay in the big house for the rest of her life and she sure as Hades isn't staying with my cabin." "The Hera cabin?" One camper asked. "No." To her surprise, it was both the feather girl and the blonde girl. They glanced at each other and the feather girl nodded quietly. The blonde spoke up." The Hera cabin was only built for honorary purposes, not for housing. Also, it gives me the creeps. Remember the last time we went in there, Piper? Rachel?" The feather girl, Piper, nodded. As did the redhead with wild hair and very colorful clothing who was presumably Rachel. "Needless to say, that cabin is bad on all accounts." "Well, where will she stay then?" Asked a girl wearing a green shirt and pants with spots of dirt and grass stains. A thoughtful and awkward silence filled the room. It was Nico who actually spoke up. "She can stay with me." Everybody in the room turned to stare at Nico. Some, including the green eyed boy and the hyperactive elf, had their mouths hanging open in a surprisingly comical manner. Apparently, Nico usually didn't do things like this. He didn't waver. "Obviously nobody else wants her to be in their cabin and she is like a sister to me, so I don't see the problem." Somebody called out, "But what about the 'no non-sibling boys and girls alone in a cabin' rule?" Will snorted and Nico rolled his eyes in an extremely sarcastic manner. "Oh please, I have a boyfriend. Isn't it pretty obvious that that particular rule doesn't exactly apply here?" At that response, Will, Piper, a girl with dark hair and green eyes, the blonde, the green eyed boy, and the elf all burst out laughing. She didn't understand the concept of a "boyfriend" or why Nico's statement was so funny, but she decided to add it to the list of things she would have to ask him later. Chiron turned to her, the amusement clear on his face. "Do you wish to share a cabin with Nico, then?" She nodded. "It's settled then. Good day, demigods." With that, the campers all stood and dispersed. Leaving only Nico, Will, the blonde, the boy and herself. What did you think? Should I continue? How do you like it? This is a fun story to write and I hope it is just as fun to read. Can anybody help choose a name for her? Leave your suggestions in the reviews, and if somebody comes up with a really good one I'll use it. I really love getting feedback and I hope to hear from you guys, as any suggestions, feedback, and constructive criticism can always help me to make my writing even better. I'll check in later, but bye for now! ;D