day of school. "Ms. Jackson!" the stern voice of Mrs. Dimitri, my gym teacher, snapped from down the hall. I looked up at the woman and received a look that would've turned Medusa to stone. Mrs. Dimitri was a tall, thin woman with short black hair, yellowish eyes and long fingernails. Seriously, lady, haven't you ever heard of a nail clipper? I thought. She was dressed in the normal gym teacher getup of white shirt and athletic pants. However, she was also wearing snakeskin boats, which she never took off as far as I knew, a habit that seemed weird for a gym teacher to have. We all joked about them behind her back. "What are you doing out in the hall?" she snapped. "I finished my test," I said. "Mr. Pastor let me out early." "And you're the only one who finished?" she asked suspiciously. I almost said, By a long shot , but I decided against that. "Yeah," I said simply. She smiled coldly. "Good." I really didn't like the sinister edge in her voice when she said that. I liked it even less when she began to transform. The snakeskin of her boots grew up her legs. Her already long fingernails grew into talons. The pupils of her eyes became slits, and her tongue shot out between her now-fangs, revealing that it was forked. After the transformation was complete, I found myself looking at a dracaena. Gods, I was an idiot. How had I not seen her for what she really was? And of course, I'd neglected to bring my knife to school with me. I was a complete dunce. The snake-woman formerly known as my gym teacher lunged at me. I grabbed the first thing my fingers wrapped around: my backpack strap. I swung the bag at her, and it collided with her head, making a satisfying thud. Mrs. Dimitri went sprawling backwards. I used the brief opportunity to dash across the hall into the girls' locker room. I ran down the rows and rows of lockers and dove down a row just in time for Mrs. Dimitri to slam open the locker room door. I knew that I didn't have long before she found me, but I didn't know what to do. I had no weapon. I looked around helplessly. Then I noticed that one of the lockers was open very slightly. Maybe I did have a weapon after all. I dashed down the row and stuck my hand in the opening, waiting. Mrs. Dimitri turned down my row of lockers. "Time to die, Jackson!" She moved surprisingly fast, but that was good. The more momentum the better. As soon as she got close, I swung the locker open with as much force as possible. Mrs. Dimitri slammed into the door with such force that it broke off its hinges. Mrs. Dimitri screamed aloud and fell to the floor in a heap. I dashed away down the aisle and back towards the door. My hat flew off, but I didn't have time to look back. I slammed against the locker room door, but it didn't open. Mrs. Dimitri had locked the door. I turned around. Mrs. Dimitri was making her way towards me, a massive purple lump on her forehead and looking even more murderous than before, if that was even possible. She had my hat clutched in her talons and she ripped it in half as she made her way to me. I saw red. I loved that hat. I yelled and ran at her, my fist cocked back to punch her. Unfortunately, this move was a pretty obvious one, and she was expecting it. She caught my wrist, her talons digging in and drawing blood. I gasped in pain. She twisted my arm, and I felt my shoulder pop out of its socket. I yelped aloud. Then with her free hand, she smacked me backwards, into the door. I was just regaining my bearings when she grabbed me around the throat, slammed my back into the door, and lifted me into the air. I kicked out at her, but it had no effect. "I've been waiting for this all year," Mrs. Dimitri snarled. "I was sent here to see what your potential was. I'm not supposed to kill you, but… well you didn't exactly meet my master's expectations, so I'm sure he won't mind too much." Her master? What did that mean? Not that I'd ever find out. I was running out of air quickly. My peripheral vision had gone dark, and I could feel my heart beat in my skull. I knew I didn't have long before I passed out, and that would be my doom. Suddenly, I felt a sharp, intense pain in my stomach. What was that all about? Maybe it was part of dying via suffocation? And then there was a roaring noise and I collapsed to the floor, retching. I looked up, wondering what had happened. Mrs. Dimitri was being blasted by a jet of water from one of the shower stalls. "Am I doing that?" I wondered aloud. In response the pain in my stomach got worse and I gasped, clutching my stomach. My eyes watered in pain. All around me, the walls of the locker room bulged, and before I knew what was happening, there was something of an explosion. All the pipes in the walls burst, tearing apart the locker room and drenching everything, myself included. And then… it was over. Mrs. Dimitri was gone, the golden powder that had been her washing down the drain in the floor along with the small lake that had just been created. The pain in my stomach was gone, too. I was alone, kneeling in the locker room, drenched to the bone. I wasn't sure what had just happened, but one thing was clear. I had water powers. I had the powers of Poseidon. Thanks for sticking around until the end! You must be pretty cool :) DFTBA!