since I lost my arm you've been way overprotective of me, and I'm sick of it." "This isn't about your hand," Gus insisted. I rolled my eyes. "Of course it isn't," I muttered sarcastically. Gus groaned in exasperation. "Look, I'm sorry about taking your kill. I didn't realize that monster was so important to you." "It's more the principle of the matter." We stood across from each other, standing in tense silence. I waited for Gus to respond, for the argument to keep going. Instead, he said, "Do you want a lift home?" I almost said that I'd rather take the subway, but I didn't. Gus was trying to make a gesture, put our argument behind us. Even if I was still angry, I still felt like I should recognize the gesture. "Sure, thanks," I mumbled. I walked over to him and allowed him to wrap his arms around me, pulling me into a tight hug, the best way to keep me stable while he flew. "Ready?" Gus asked. "Mmm," I mumbled into his chest, refusing to look up at his face for fear that he might try to kiss me. I was not in the mood for a kiss. Around us the winds gathered and we took off. I tried to crane my head around to get a good view of the City skyline. I loved the view from up high. I rarely got to be flying through the air. As a descendant of Poseidon, Zeus would surely knock me out of the sky if I ventured too high. The only times I ventured into the air were with Gus or on the backs of pegasi back at Camp Half-Blood. Unfortunately, the way I was positioned made it difficult for me to see much of anything. After a short flight, we touched down on the balcony of my family's penthouse apartment. I stepped away from Augustus. "Thanks for the lift," I said flatly. "You're welcome," Gus said. He leaned in to kiss me, but I stopped him with a finger to his lips. "Not in the mood," I said. Gus frowned. "Um, okay. Well, I guess I'll see you at camp tomorrow." Tomorrow the summer session at Camp Half-Blood would begin, and despite the war we were now embroiled in, I was really excited to get back. But I was still mad at Gus. "Bye," I said shortly. Gus took off, looking disappointed, and flew away towards his own apartment, only a block away. I sighed, a feeling of guilt coming over me. Now that my temper had died down, I realized how unfair I'd been to Augustus. About two years ago, just after my first quest, Athena, my grandmother, had warned me that impulsivity was my fatal flaw, especially when it was paired with my admittedly quick temper. I knew the fatal bit in fatal flaw meant that it could very well cost me my life someday, but I didn't know it meant it would make my love life so difficult. I'll make it up to him when I see him tomorrow , I thought. I turned around to enter my family's apartment. I pushed open the glass doors. I expected to find my dad home alone, maybe playing video games, since Mom would still be at work, so I was surprised to hear raised voices. Or rather, one voice was raised. The other was calm. I made my way around the corner to see two people at the dining room table. One was my dad, Percy Jackson. His messy black hair was sticking up, like he'd run his hands through it in frustration. He was facing away from me, but based on his tense body language, I was pretty sure his sea green eyes were narrowed at the man sitting across from him. The other man was Nico di Angelo, who looked much calmer. His shaggy hair, also black, had grown out a bit. His skin was very pale as usual, but that didn't mean he was distressed. Since he was the son of Hades, his skin was always pale. He wore a black leather jacket over a Dia de los Muertos t-shirt, and I felt a stab of sadness at losing my own jacket earlier. I mean, I had another one, but I didn't like it quite as much. Neither of them had noticed me yet. "Absolutely not!" yelled Dad. "It's not up to you, Percy," Nico replied evenly. "The choice is not yours to make." "You know what she'll say," Dad snapped back. "She's become obsessed with proving herself recently. I don't want you giving her that option." My skin tingled. They were arguing about me? I decided it was time to announce my presence. "Give who what option?" I asked innocently. My father jumped and looked over at me, a slightly guilty look on his face. "Oh hey, honey. You're home early. I didn't hear you come in." "Gus gave me a lift so I didn't have to take the Subway," I explained impatiently. "What were you guys talking about?" "Oh, nothing," Dad said. I felt a stab of anger and annoyance. I'd heard them arguing. Did he really think I was that stupid? Before I could start an argument with my father, and subsequently get myself in trouble, Nico said sternly, "Percy, you know that telling her is the right thing to do." Dad sighed. He slumped in defeat. I felt my eye twitch. "Tell me what ?" I asked, annoyed. "It's about the Labyrinth," Nico said. He glanced me over, taking in my dirty clothes, my exposed metal hand, and the dried blood on the side of my face. "Why don't you go clean yourself up. Then we'll talk." AN: I hope you guys enjoyed the first chapter of the Magician's Maze! As with my last two books, I will be trying to maintain a twice-a-week upload schedule, so I will see you guys on either Friday or Saturday with chapter 2!