my actual mother had my whole life. Sally looked really pale as she looked at the gash in my side. "Oh gods… Graham…" "Sally," I said with difficulty, "I'm dying, we don't-" "We'll rush you to the hospital," she interrupted. "It's too late and you know it," I said, a deadly calm coming over me. For some reason, I was not afraid of dying. But I was very serious. I thought about my years on the streets, I thought about all the monsters I'd faced, I thought about my dead father, I thought about my mother, I thought about Sally, and finally, I thought about Percy Jackson. I only had a few breaths left, so I decided to make them count. "Listen, Sally," I said, struggling to get the words out. Damn, dying was difficult work. "Please, raise Percy well. He's important, and someday he's going to make an important choice. Raise him well so that he knows the right choice to make." "Of course," Sally responded. As she spoke her next words I could not mistake the pride in her voice. "I'm his mother." I sucked in another ragged breath. "Don't tell him about me. Ever. If he knows, then he'll find out who he is and he'll be easier for monsters to track. But even after he knows who he is, don't tell him. He'll only feel guilty, and he'll blame himself for causing my death." "How do you know?" "Because that's how I would feel," I said simply. "I think that's how all demigods feel. Call it a gut instinct." I coughed, and droplets of blood sprayed Sally Jackson's face. "Sorry," I said, then took another ragged breath. "Okay," she said. "I won't tell him." "Good," I said. "Thank you so much for everything, Sally Jackson." She shook her head, holding back tears. "Why would you say thank you? I didn't do anything. I should be thanking you." "You gave me hope that there are good parents out there," I said simply, in response to her question. "And demigods who can have the happy home life I was denied." Darkness was infringing upon the edges of my vision. Sally opened her mouth and said something, but I couldn't hear her. My sense of sound was gone. My body was shutting down completely. My sight went completely dark, and I discovered that the "light at the end of the tunnel" cliché was entirely inaccurate. I took my last, ragged breath and drifted away into nothingness. I was momentarily blinded by the light. I couldn't see anything, I had become so used to the darkness. When I could make out my surroundings, I found myself in some kind of lobby. The room was packed, full of people sitting in chairs, reading old magazines, lighting cigarettes, or just standing around. None of them had much in common in looks or age, but they all seemed to be agitated by something. I don't know why, but I suddenly felt agitated, too. Maybe it was the Muzak playing, assaulting my eardrums. I looked past the people milling about in the chairs and saw a hallway that led to an elevator. Right next to the hall was a reception desk. Standing at the desk was a hulking dude dressed in a fancy, white Italian suit. I was confused, so I figured that the desk would be the best place to start. "Uh, excuse me," I said. I squinted at the man's name tag, trying to make out the small letters despite my dyslexia. "Excuse me, er… Chiron, but where am I?" The man sighed exasperatedly. "The name is Charon. With an 'a' mate." He had a strange accent. English, maybe Australian? But it also sounded like English may not have been his first language, which also struck me as odd. "Everyone gets my name wrong. Tell me, do I look like a damn Centaur to you?" "Uh… no." "That's right," he said gruffly. "Now, what is my name?" "Charon," I said, annoyed now. Why was it so damn hard to get an answer around here? "You didn't answer my question, though. Where am I?" Charon rolled his eyes. "Where do you think you are?" I blinked. "How should I know? The last thing I remember…" I trailed off. What was the last thing I remembered? I had a vague memory of lying on the ground, bleeding out. But that clearly couldn't be right, because I was perfectly intact now in this place. Whatever this place was. Charon chuckled, apparently having read my mind. "Welcome, young one, to DOA Recording Studios, the entrance to the Underworld." AN: All done. Whew. I know that's a rather long One-Shot, but it didn't feel right to split it into multiple chapters. As for where I got the idea for the story, I had a couple of different pieces of inspiration. The first was a strange idea I had of "What if an unknown demigod met Percy Jackson when he was still a kid, before he figured out who he was?" The second was the idea that Gaea interfered with both Leo and Hazel when they were kids, so I figured it wasn't unreasonable to believe she may have interfered with some of the others. Lastly, the "Oath to keep with a final breath" line of the Prophecy of Seven bothers me still. In the story it was written that it was Leo's final breath, but he came back to life, so I was slightly uncomfortable with it. Then I figured, "What if the Oath in question happened long before the rest of the prophecy?" So the three elements came together, and boom! The Tragic Tale of Graham Andrews was born. Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed. Please review, I would love to get any feedback or questions. Plus, reviews are what we writers on this site get paid with! Alrighty, see you all next time. Have a Happy Halloween, and remember: Don't forget to be awesome! -bfalt1