of garbage." AN: Alright that's chapter 1. I hope you guys enjoyed it. You won't have to wait long for the next one either, since that'll be on Friday. Before I go, I'll respond to reviews from Elizabeth Jackson One-Shots and Elizabeth Jackson and the Magician's Maze that I haven't responded to yet. First I'll do the ones from Elizabeth Jackson One-Shots. From Person: " Awww, sibling love. Cute and I love it. I really want to read book 4. From the tidbits of the Theo short, the one-short before book 1, and the summary I can't wait!" A: Well your wait is over! From Unicute17: "Agh If I have to wait one more minute for book four to come out I am going to EXPLODE" A: I hope you didn't explode From cghe: "Is it like the Triumvirate Holdings thing again? Are you going to borrow ideas from Trials of Apollo, or is it something different entirely?" A: It's something entirely different. But don't expect answers on that for a LONG time. From EllaAnnieGrace: "Oh gods! I dunno what to type! Alot seem to be happening both in the one-shot and in book 3." A: A lot to think about! I hope you don't worry yourself too much thinking about it. From SilverAngelo: "CAN YOU DO A FAMILY TREE, PLEASE!? Including the demititans?" A: That's not a bad idea. Also from SilverAngelo: "ITS JUNE 14TH AND I WANNA HAVE A NEW BOOK TO READ SO I CAN COMPARE AWESOMENESS LEVELS WITH THE OTHERS BOOKS! PS: THIS IS HIGH ON THE AWESOMENESS LEVELS LIST. IT IS." A: Well thank you so much for the compliment! From the-only-soldier-left: "A "thing" happens, huh? Well, at least we'll know what you're talkin' about soon!" A: You will know soon. Next chapter, in fact. Now for Magician's Maze reviews. From Shiroji IA: "THALIAAAAA *creys* But anyways, once again I AM FRIGGIN ASTOUNDED WITH HOW WELL YOU WRITE. You're so awesome. I LOVE YOU. (like srsly you're one of the authors I look up to *beams*)" A: Well thank you so much! That means a lot to me. Another from Shiroji IA: "The one thing I'm sad with though (except Thalia) is the AugustusXElizabeth break up D: Please please please please tell me that they're getting back together. I ship them SO HARD gah. I also totally love Matt as well and would like to read a oneshot about him *feels giddy* Anyway yeah. XD" A: I'm sorry you're sad :(, but I promise I do everything for a reason. And yeah, I really like writing Matt, too. I'd like to write more with Matt, so I probably will. From TheImpalaLover: "I usually don't cry even at the saddest things but once you get attached to some sort of character in a book or movie it really hurts when they are killed off. I know that it had to be done and I understand but it still makes me sad. Only the best books and movies will make me cry and you succeeded. I really want this to continue and once this series is finished I will go and reread it all over again. Because I haven't posted a review while getting caught up in the series I hope this makes up for it. Thank you for taking time out of your day to make each chapter." A: Thank YOU for reading and for leaving such a wonderful review. I really appreciate it. And I'm very touched that my writing was able to move you so much. I hope you continue to enjoy the series :) Also from TheImpalaLover: "I'm glad I'm caught up but at the same time I am not. I know how much you like cliffhangers and now I will have to wait to find out what happens afterwards." A: Haha, yeah I really do enjoy cliffhangers XD I'm such a troll. From UtilitarianShank: "The pegasi-bending-space thing was a violation of the null energy condition, but it's fiction and I guess that making a whirlpool with your head qualifies as such too, lol. BTW in the line "chemistry I was reading between Matt and Sierra" - I think you meant "Amy", not Sierra." A: Yeah. Plus I'm pretty sure the pegasi thing in the RR books. And nice catch on the typo. From UtilitarianShank: "BTW, Julius Caesar could not have been a member of the 12th legion. If I understand correctly, the "1st legion", "2nd legion", etc. are differentiated by time period, (as in 6th legion might've been from 800CE while the 12th legion is from 2000AD). The segments of the legion are the cohorts." A: Actually, I did quite a bit of research and Julius Caesar actually was part of the 12th Legion. I'm not sure where you learned the legions by year thing, but that's at least not entirely accurate. Maybe it started that way in the early days of the Republic, but that changed as their Empire grew? From UtilitarianShank again: "I'd been wondering if there was any connection of Nero here to Nero's appearance in the Trials of Apollo. Also, I kinda wish Hylla had gotten at least half of the punishment Nero got, keeping slaves and all. She didn't own gladiators, to her credit." A: Funny enough, I put Nero in the book before Trials of Apollo came out. I had no clue he would be in that book. And you don't seem to like Hylla much. And one last one from UtilitarianShank: "I'm going to admit I was hoping Jocelyn (or Theo, but that didn't seem likely, for some reason) would die. Thalia was one of the best characters of PJO - in fact, I'd found the entire Hunters club to be an annoying bore until she'd joined them." A: I'm sorry to have killed off one of your favorite characters, but I hope you continue to enjoy the series, anyway! Alright, that's all from me. I will see you guys on Friday with chapter 2.