the door. "Would you like to come in? I want to show you something." "Really?" "You hesitate any longer and I might change my mind," she warned and he noticed how she gripped the doorknob. This was a hard decision for her to make. Nervously, he nodded and stepped into her room again. She took off her coat and hung it on its peg. Then she crossed her room to behind the cupboard. She pulled a huge canvas out with difficulty, grunting as she did. "Do you need any help?" Jason offered. "No, thank you. I want to do this myself." She grunted again. "Wow, I'm so much stronger when I'm angry. Sit on the bed." He did as he was told. "Are you sure? That thing's as big as you." "Hush up will you. I need to concentrate on carrying this." She settled it against her dresser across from the bed, face down. Putting her hands on her hips, Mary let out a huff. "Close your eyes." "Bossy, aren't you?" Jason chuckled as he put his hands over his eyes. Jason heard her soft grunts and scrapings on the floorboards. Suddenly he felt her hand on his. "Keep your eyes closed," she instructed, pulling him up. He cautiously made his way across her room blind. After four short paces, she moved her hand to his arm to stop him. He sensed her taking deep breaths. After one final intake, she said, "Okay, let's do this. Open your eyes now." When he did Jason saw...himself. Or rather, a very good painting of himself. On a five foot tall canvas, he had his imperial gold sword over his head, ready to strike. He was wearing his purple camp T-shirt with the jeans that were worn on the knees. His expression though, was one of pure pain. The background was a striking shade of red, accentuating the entire thing and giving him a sort of ethereal look. "I told you I needed that scarlet," Mary murmured softly. "I wanted to make it lifesize but that was the biggest my mother and I could manage." "What...?" "You came to camp last year. You visited Percy and Leo. Also Nico, when you can find him. Sometimes Daeira and Zara would join you, as well as Ivy. That's how I noticed you. It was after your breakup. You were dealing. You were all smiles and reassurances in front of them but when you were alone...you were dealing. I found that fascinating. The hero had a hamartia." "Just because I had feelings doesn't make it my hamartia," Jason quipped. "The hamartia wasn't your feelings. It was the need to make sure everyone else is okay, at the expense of yourself. 'You will not ask for help; not until you burn yourself out'," she quoted. "I guess we have something in common, don't we?" She chuckled. Saying nothing, Jason linked his fingers with hers again and for the second time, she didn't object. "I figured that I had a secret too, and it also involved you. Not telling people hurts and I don't want to hurt you," Mary's voice was quiet and she was shaking. He could tell this was difficult for her. After a stretch of silence, Jason opened his mouth. "Do I get to keep it?" "If you want. I consider it my best work, though only my mother and I know about it." "And now me." "And now you," she agreed. "You know, I still don't know what to call you. You said Mars is only for friends, which you also said I was decidedly not. Mary is supposed to be poison to my lips-" she groaned in embarrassment. "What do I call you, then? Ms Velvet?" "Ew no. I sound like a porn star." Jason threw his head back and laughed heartily. "I thought you sound like a delicious desert. Fine, how about your middle name? Arabella?" "I sound like a southern belle about to swoon," she grimaced. "How about Bella?" "Nico already calls Zara that sometimes." "But no one else calls you that." She considered it. "What is this, Twilight?" she grinned. "Hey, I did just appear on your balcony while you were in bed." This time she laughed. "Fine, then. Are you my Jacob? Or my Edward?" "Moody, emo vampire or hotheaded werewolf?" "You seem to know a lot about Twilight." He shrugged. "I've seen enough parodies." "I think you're an Edward. You've got the hair right." "Really?" Jason sounded horrified and Mary just chuckled. After another stretch of silence, she said, "Please close your eyes and sit on the bed again." Jason lowered himself onto the edge of the bed and shut his eyes. For a while, there was nothing. Then he felt her kneel opposite him and he widened his knees, just so she could close the gap between them even more. She scooted closer and he felt her warmth, hear her uneven breathing. Gently, she took off his glasses and set it aside. He felt her hesitate and put up a hand to reassure her. She took his hand and placed it back on his knee. "Go big or go home," she whispered, putting a hand on his chest and leaning in. The feel of lips on his after so long shocked Jason and for a second he felt transported back in time. Before he could go there, he noticed that these lips were different from the ones he knew. They were shaped different, the way they moved was different. Their taste was different. Right now, after so long, different was good. Different was what he needed. He leaned into her and kissed her back. After a while, she pulled away. "I couldn't do this while you were standing up," she whispered. "I could've leaned." "And break your back?" "I could sweep you up again." "Don't you dare. Bad enough I'm letting you call me Bella." Jason laughed quietly. "Thank you," he murmured as he leaned into her.