"Do you want our daughter to lead a humorless life then?" Calypso joked. Leo just smiled. At that moment, everything was perfect. Eleven months later, Calypso was pregnant again. He got the message through IM, because he was in Camp Half-Blood, while Calypso was in New Rome. Leo was walking down the streets of Manhattan. Chiron had arranged a meeting with some kids who claimed to be Egyptian gods. Leo had an uneasy feeling about it, but because his wife was pregnant, he had to attend. Leo walked in front of the Empire State Building. He looked up, and stared. It was nighttime, so he shouldn't have been able to see anything. Perhaps he didn't. Maybe it was his imagination, but it was like he could see the whole city of Olympus up there. Leo kept on walking. He walked past a seemingly deserted alleyway. He took a glance in, and suddenly, time slowed. It was as if Kronos had stopped time to savour this moment when the last remaining hero of Olympus truly felt fear. Three teenagers jumped out of the alley. One had a gun, another a long hunting blade, and the last one had a bike chain twirling in his hand. Leo frowned. They didn't look like monsters. They were human, though he didn't know if they were demigods or regular mortals. The guy with the gun pointed it at Leo. "Give me your money old man!" he yelled. "Am I really that old?" Leo wondered allowed. "Maybe it's cause I'm twenty years older than I feel" Leo laughed at his own joke. "This guy's crazy," Bike-Chain yelled. "I was crazy from the beginning, kid." Leo said. "Enough talk." Knife-guy said. The kid with the gun aimed the gun at Leo so he stared straight down the barrel. Leo's heart thumped. They were serious about killing him, he realized. He didn't want to die. Not because he feared death, but because he didn't want his children to lead the same life he did. Leo reached into his toolbelt. He should've had some loose change in there. Instead, all he pulled out was a denarii, two drachmas, a rubberband, and a dog whistle. His robber's eyes widened when the saw the gold. Unfortunately, Leo saw the gleam in the kid's eye too late. A loud bang echoed in the streets, and the shell of the bullet clanged to the floor. Leo clutched his abdomen, and realized he had been shot. He fell to the floor. Time went slower. The coins dropped out of his hands. "Calypso," he muttered. "Take care of them." Another bang, and Leo's spirit left his body. For the second time, the chain link shroud burned. This time it wasn't Nyssa, but another daughter of Hephaestus, Rebecca, who burned it. Paul said ggodbye to his father's friend, his friend, one last time. Elijah was nowhere to be seen, but everybody knew he was crying in the woods. It was he who discovered Leo's body before mortal authorities could discover it. Calypso held her daughter's hand, and held her son in the other. They all wept as Leo Valdez, son of Esperanza, savior of Olympus, burned. He was all those things, but more importantly, he was a caring husband, a loving father, and the best friend anybody could ever have. Above all, he was Leo Valdez. Leo got off the boat, and landed safely on the other side without getting the black water on him. "Thanks for getting me across." He was back in his sixteen year old body again for some reason. "No problem. You got a friend in high places. Well, two. They said we should let you cross for free," the old daimon said. "Well thanks anyway." "Don't thank me yet young hero." Leo walked to the judgement line, but the guards ushered him to the front. Leo sat through his trial, which was pretty long because they had to consider all his feats. They claimed that just that one quest to save Juno/Hera could've granted him Elysium, but it was procedure to go through everything. Eventually, Leo mad his way to the gates of Elysium. He was led through a bunch of shades dressed in WWII fatigues and CHB T-shirts. The gates were magnificent and huge. They were made of bronze and gold, and reached the top of the underworld. The lock was padded with pearls and emeralds. Leo cared little for the appearance. He could just make out his friend's voices inside. A shade knocked thrice on the door. The gates swung open with astonishing speed. Leo rushed in and ran. He ignored the people trying to give him pamphlets, or give him the orientation, or even offering him wine. He ran to the beach where he was greeted by all of his friends, and they were all smiling at him. "Where have you been man?" Jason asked, still grinning. "We missed you." That was Percy. Leo stared at each one of his friends. His eyes rested on Hazel and Frank, and he broke out laughing. "Damn. I never thought I'd see you again. Hey, Annabeth. I fought alongside your son. Yours too Hazel. They are awesome. I have kids of my own too now." "Really?" Piper smirked, "with who?" "Calypso. Maybe you'll get to meet my family. Hopefully not for a long long time." Leo replied. Percy looked at Leo then embraced him. "Come on Leo. Maybe you can liven up this party," Percy said. "I don't think I can do that. After all, we are all dead." The seven, plus Nico and Reyna laughed. Leo was finally with his friends again. So I ship Reynico, so what? Anyways, I hope you like reading this as much as I loved writing it. It's just a oneshot. Review, please. It'll help me improve my writing. Oh, and according to some myths, Calypso had two children with Odysseus. Just putting that out there. She was also a nymph, the daughter of Atlas.