and before he could stop himself, Will let out the words bubbling in his throat. "What the fuck are you?" he exclaimed, and the creature in front of him let out a sound that was like steam hissing out of a boiler. With a shock, Will realised it was a laugh. "Oh, sweet demigod, that does not matter to you. All that matters is that you are already dead." Before Will could say anything else, she was already lunging forward again, and Will moved quickly, ducking under a desk and trying to calm his racing heartbeat. He could hear chairs being knocked over as the monster, since there was no way she was Miss Fisher anymore, crashed into them with her momentum. Taking the few precious seconds that he had, Will tried to think of a plan, and later he would marvel at how this all came to naturally to him, but at the moment it was all instinct and he just went with it. I need to get away, was his first thought, and immediately after that, I need to fight her to do that. I need to kill her. A weapon. He needed a weapon, and he needed one fast. He could hear clattering as the snake-like creature started to get up and recover, her frustrated hissing almost silent compared to Will's own erratic pants and quickening heart. His lungs felt like they were burning, but he needed to focus. Back to the weapon dilemma, Will searched his mind frantically. What could he use to fight her? And, like a ton of bricks dropping from the sky, it hit him. The necklace. The one that Sam gave him. For the most part, Will was knew that there was a chance that it was simply a useless necklace, just a strange gift from a stranger friend. But somewhere at the back of his mind was a feeling that he was right, that the necklace would help. And Sam did say to pull on the bow on the end of the chain if anything bad happens, and this situation definitely classified as bad, so Will did just that. He pulled the necklace out of his pocket, trying to ignore the sounds of the monster wading through knocked over chairs, getting closer and closer to where he was crouched. He held the cool golden chain between his fingers, and with the other hand he grabbed the bow on the end, and he pulled. There was a bright flash of light, brighter than the sun, and suddenly the necklace was gone and a bow was in its place. It too was gold, gleaming, shining, and Will was momentarily entranced by its beauty. That couldn't last, though, as soon the reality of chairs scraping was brought to the forefront of his mind when the creature reached him. She grabbed the desk he was under, lifting it with ease and tossing it across the room, and Will flinched as it crashed into the wall. He quickly scrambled away, his back hitting the wall, bow clutched tightly in his fist, and as the monster loomed over him, snarling cruelly, he realised two very unfortunate things. He had never shot a bow before. And there were no arrows. "Time to die, demigod," the monster spat once more, and Will barely had time to think oh shit as she launched herself at him. Without thinking, Will lifted the bow up, pointed it at her, and pulled back the string. There was momentary wonder as a bronze arrow appeared out of thin air, already nocked and in place, before Will let go of the bowstring. Time seemed to slow down as Will watched the shining bronze arrow sail through the air, the bowstring snapping back into his forearm, the stinging pain going unregistered. It wasn't a perfect shot, but the arrow hit its target, and Will let out a breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding when it pierced the monster in the side. She let out a painful shriek before she… exploded, was the best way to describe it. She just burst into gold dust, and it might have been a cool sight if Will's heart wasn't about to beat hard enough to crack his rib cage. He took deep breaths, trying to steady the ache in his lungs as he kept staring at the gold particles fluttering in the air in front of him, slowly falling to the ground. The throbbing in his head was gone, and so was the ominous feeling. It seemed that whatever bad thing that was supposed to happen was over. Or at least, Will thought that until the door burst open. He brought the bow up, uncharacteristically ready to nock an arrow and fire at whoever it was, but he stopped himself when he saw who it was. " Woah, dude, calm down! I'm not a monster, I promise!" It was Sam, and he looked around the room with wide eyes as he took in the gold dust on the floor, the knocked over furniture, Will's disheveled appearance. It was obvious what had happened. "I think I killed the teacher." Will's voice was flat, yet still confused. He was in shock, he had no idea what just happened, he didn't know anything. Sam let out a breathy laugh. "Will, no, it's okay. You didn't. Well, you kinda did, but it's cool, cuz she was a monster anyway, and I'm just confusing you more aren't I?" He observed Will's frown, giving him a quick "sorry." Suddenly Sam became serious, his posture straightening and his eyes hardening. "Listen, Will, I can explain, and I'm going to, but first we have to go. So get up, come on, we're leaving." Will didn't even have the energy to ask where they were going, why they were leaving, what they were doing. He just let himself be dragged to his unsteady feet, let Sam pull him out the door, away from the pile of shimmering dust.