the full-name-calling, but whatever— happy birthday! I helped your boyfriend bake that cupcake —ugh, what a flaker— which, knowing him, he'd probably claim to be his own creation. Everything's going well here the company. Hylla and I somehow managed to cut our inherited domains in half, and now I'm handling Sales and Marketing, among others. We wish you nothing but the best up there. Happy birthday! " Nico placed it next to Lou Ellen's letter and got another one from the bag, still grumbling on about how he'd talk to Reyna about keeping her mouth shut about him always asking for her help. "Now for Percy's: Hey Will! Hap —what the fuck?" he held the card and showed it to him. "Look at this! He just crossed out the Congratulations on your baby label in the card and replaced it with Happy Birthday ! What an assho—" he stopped, catching himself, "I mean, what a jerk." Nico laid it by the stone. "Sorry, I keep forgetting to stop swearing." He got another card. "Aaaaand, this is from…oh, there we go, this one's from your dad. Yo, Willy boy! I —oh wait, sorry." Nico cleared his throat and deepened his voice. " Yo, Willy boy! " he turned to the tombstone. "Did I do a good impersonation? Personally, I think you do it better, but eh." He grinned, focusing back on the card. " I can't believe you're twenty-five now! I still remember the night I turned your age, your mom and I were in our little apartment, making out in the kitchen with our tongues mingling with each other —no, Mr. Solace, just no— haha! I'm just kidding! Business has been slow these past few months, but hey! That means not a lot of people are getting sick nowadays and that's a good thing, right? " Nico smiled. He sure was a lot like his son. " Anyways, I hope you're having a hell of a good time partying up there in heaven! Or in Elysium, or in your reincarnation as a chicken, I don't know. Anything that fits your belief on the whole matter. Happy birthday, son! I love you! " "Damn, he uses a lot of exclamation marks," Nico said as he put it next to the others. "Kinda like you, to be honest. Except you use smiley faces more often." He read a couple more, laughing and retorting on some topics their friends and family discussed. After reading Piper's message about creating—"Her words, not mine," Nico had clarified—more attractive babies, he fished out the final card settled at the very bottom, opening the clean piece of scented paper. "Oh, this last one's from Annabeth. Happy birthday, Will! Sorry about Percy's message, he's not really one for those heartfelt sentiments, and Nico probably wants to rip out his insensitive card right now —damn right, I do— but just know that he misses you a lot. I once found him alone in our room, clutching an empty bottle of pills in his hand. I asked what it was for, and he looked at me and said it was the medicine you gave him to cure his migraines, telling me this lame joke about how much it sucked to not have more of it, but I could tell it wasn't the real reason he was holding it. " Nico's expression softened. " We miss you a lot, Will. We hope you're doing okay. " Nico stared at the card for a couple of quiet moments, feeling a jab of pain stab his chest. He knew he wasn't the only one that was affected by Will's death, but he never realized just how much the others must've suffered upon hearing the news, just how much they tried to swallow the hard truth of never seeing their friend anymore down. He placed the card on the stone, a strange mixture of joy and sadness filling him up as he glanced at the way the different colored cards decorated his grave. Wrapping his fingers around the long stem of the flower settled beside him, he brought it up, letting the rays of sunlight peek through its narrow spaces as he slowly spun it around to face the sun. Nico gingerly placed the sunflower on his stone marker, a pensive look decorating his features. "Oh hey, did I already tell you about how my book got labeled as a worldwide bestseller yet?" he asked, grinning widely. "I already got booked for several interviews all around the globe! Of course, there were some people who insisted I was a fraud for claiming to see ghosts, and sometimes their comments get a little too harsh for me to take and I get really depressed, but…but I figured, you wouldn't like it if I let it get to me. You'd be all ' oh c'mon, your book is the number one bestseller in the whole world, what's there to be sad about? ' and keep spouting more optimistic junk at me, and…" his voice cracked, "and I'd feel much better." A tear escaped from his eyes, and he let it fall freely, not bothering to wipe it with his sleeve as a pained laugh emanated from his throat. "We should've gotten married in Vegas," he mewled in the sad silence of the cemetery, the weight of what could have been bearing down on his solitary state. Nico swallowed the lump forming in his throat as he reached over and placed a hand on the tombstone. "I miss you," he whispered softly, leaning down and kissing the stele as more tears rolled down his face. "I miss you so much." And he pulled back and traced the lettering engraved on the stone, feeling the rough inscription create friction against his olive skin. William Solace. Beloved son, friend, lover. A wistful smile settled upon Nico's lips as he let his fingers trail over the last word, a single bead of tear streaking down the side of his face. Hero.