his tense shoulders visibly relaxing the minute he caught a whiff of the blossoms. And he saw it. Right there, just behind the vase, was the small, red box he had been looking for for hours on end. "There you are!" he exclaimed gleefully, swiftly snatching the miniature container and dashing out from their apartment door, leaving behind the mess and clutter surrounding their humble home. It was always Will doing the work, he realized. It was always Will giving more than he was taking. And Nico—as he had repeatedly stated—wanted to make it up to him. And he thought, what better way to do so than to proclaim his love on the day of celebrating love itself? So he got them a reservation at the most expensive restaurant in the city, the place with food he knew Will was simply dying to get a taste of. He settled all the necessary factors for the arrangement, as well; the music, the lightning, the table setting—everything. It was a small price to pay to compensate for all the times Will had accepted him, had cared for him, had understood him. Had loved him. "Ready to order, sir?" a waiter inquired, burgundy clipboard and menu in hand. Nico politely declined despite the growl he heard from his whining stomach. He was going to wait for Will, he promised himself he would. His hunger would just have to wait with him. He sighed when the waiter went away, his gaze finding its way to the floral centerpiece situated on the middle of the table. They were the same flowers back at home, the same flowers in front of the mall flower shop, the same flowers Will had accidentally shoved to Nico's face 6 years ago. "They're pansies," Will had told him in one of their dates. "They're supposed to symbolize loving thoughts." Nico had raised an eyebrow, amused. "Loving thoughts?" "Yeah," Will had said, laughing softly as he held Nico's hand. "Legend says that the flower was originally white, and blushed bright purple where it was pierced by Cupid's arrow. Which is, I guess, where the people started the whole flower's reputation of bringing thoughts of loved ones." "That's really stupid." "Hey, I like it. Seems really romantic, yanno? And even more so when you think about how it's kind of like the flower of our lives." "God, Solace, stop being such a sap." They had continued strolling through the park with playful retorts and laughter after that, enjoying the warmth and happiness that had been brought along by basking in each other's presence. And as he sat on the table inside one of New York's fanciest restaurants, Nico couldn't help but lift the corners of his mouth up in a pleasant smile, the memories of their love and contentment washing over him like a bright ray of sunlight seeping through the cloudy day. It was Valentine's Day when they fell hopelessly, desperately, madly in love. He checked the clock. Five hours. Will was five hours late. Most of the people that had eaten in the restaurant went out and about their daily lives already, and all that was left inside was Nico and his table of empty, untouched silverware. "Ready to order, sir?" "Not yet, thank you." Five and half. Six. "Ready to order, sir?" "Not yet, thank you." Six and a half. Seven. Seven and a half. He heard his phone ring. Almost instantly, Nico fished the gadget out of his pocket, the anxiety and worry in his expression fading away as soon as he caught sight of Will's name being flashed on the brightly lit screen. He clicked answer , and waited for the long round of excuses concerning his medical work. But they didn't come. It was Valentine's Day when Nico wanted to propose. And it was Valentine's Day when Will died. The sound of his footsteps against the ground fell too heavily in his ears, the loudness it emitted as it clashed elements of hard leather shoe soles and rough gravel being too unfamiliar to what Nico was accustomed to hearing. He'd always been a light footed person—with steps as graceful and silent as a cat's—yet somehow, today, he allowed his movements to be a little bit more cluttered than usual. It may have been because the polo he was wearing felt too tight around his neck, or because the new shoes encompassing his feet felt too stiff to walk comfortably in, or even because his phone was proven too large to fit snuggly in his pants pocket. Or maybe it was because of the incontestable fact that today was the much awaited celebration of Valentine's Day. The line of booths outside the cemetery finished the a couple of meters from the entrance itself, and Nico picked the pieces of his heart up from the ground and walked through the stone arch and into the grassy field littered with stone markers of every shape and size. He zigzagged through the maze of tombstones, careful not to step on or nudge someone's plaque. Until finally, he reached his. Nico said nothing. He was afraid that if he opened his mouth and started to speak, the tears would continue flowing down once more, and his world would crumble back down to ashes, and he would have to start over the whole process of moving on. And Nico couldn't. He couldn't let him go. Not yet. Not ever. So he did the one thing he could manage: he kneeled down and put the bouquet of colorful pansies on the stele marker next to his name, clenching his trembling fist to prevent himself from breaking down. And with a heavy, broken heart, he got up and walked away, leaving behind a single card nestled in between the ribbon wrapped around the stems of the flowers. And wherever I may go, and whatever I may do, As I gaze into these flowers, I hope and pray That you know I always will be.