when we startled them and don't give them grief. Please, don't bother them. They've pretty much changed all of their habits. They stay in their room most of the time and come to eat for a bit before going back. Other times, they're found in the stables, like that one time when Hedge was still with us, early on, before Rome. We just want you guys to keep things quiet to help them recover. We really don't want to separate them, and we'll be leaving in a few days." "Where will you go?" "Well, we have to see my mom, and her dad, and the Roman camp should be checked on with rebuilding, we all agreed on that." We all jumped because we hadn't heard the other four come out. Percy and Annabeth were tense and were their eyes were constantly darting around nervously and they were holding tightly to each other. They looked pale and we knew that they'd had a nightmare. "Hi, we're back," Percy said lightly. "Perseus Jackson! Where have you been?!" Thalia screeched. Percy flinched and Annabeth grabbed him tighter. They both started to back away as people came foreword, completely disregarding everything that I said. "Children! Back off. They need rest, which they can't get with you mobbing them and scaring them," Chiron shouted. I noticed that Percy had one hand in his pocket and Annabeth had her hand clenched on her sword hilt. I knew that they were close to drawing their weapons and the Seven caught on. We all stepped in front of them and we got the crowd to back off. Percy and Annabeth suddenly weren't quite as tense and the Seven moved away. Nico had come from the cabins area, followed by Will Solace, Apollo head camper, and went up to Percy and Annabeth. "Hey, how are you guys?" "We're... well as good as we can be," Annabeth answered. "Yeah, I understand. Things will be more normal soon, I think you will be fine, as long as you stay together." "Thanks, Nico. We were wondering, though. Are you going to stay here this time, or will you be headed back to stay with your father?" "I'm going to go back to the Underworld, but first I'll be meeting you at Camp Jupiter when you arrive." "Okay, well, I think we should go see my siblings," Annabeth said. "Yeah, they were all pretty worried about you." "Okay, we'll see you later Nico." "'Bye," Percy said. "See you guys." So, Percy and Annabeth walked by us and went over to the blonde-haired, grey-eyed group of people. I recognized Malcolm at the front, and he came forward, smiling, and walked up to talk to them. Piper and I went to meet our siblings, while Jason went to Thalia and her Hunters. Percy's POV "Hi, Malcolm. How have you been at camp while we were all gone?" Annabeth tiredly asked. "Things have been pretty good, we were a bit surprised when Nico, Coach Hedge, and Reyna showed up with the Athena Parthenos," Malcolm Wright, Annabeth's favorite half-brother (even if she won't admit to having favorites), replied. "Good, at least something good came out of that mini-quest. Everything else in that was a disaster. I did beat... Arachne, though." "That was the best part, other than getting the Parthenos back, of course." "Yeah, that was a good part Percy, and when you came, of course." "Yeah, it's always fun to see me. Right now, though," Percy yawned. "Annabeth, I'm tired." "Okay, Percy. We'll go back to the ship. Besides, we're going to go see Sally tomorrow." "Yay! I can't wait to see mom. I miss her, and I have to explain going missing for almost a year, the quest, and why I now have a tattoo on my arm." "Oh, yes. Sally will be really mad at you for that one. Definitely. Let's go. Bye Malcolm." "Bye, Annabeth." Malcolm's POV Piper walked up to me after Percy and Annabeth left. "Did you notice?" she asked. "Notice what?" "How they drifted off of the conversation with you. How they ended up just talking to each other. How they just seemed to agree to go back to sleep. I think they got tired of being around so many people. They aren't really the best around crowds right now. I'm glad they talked to you though, they rarely talk to anyone but each other since the battle. I don't know. Maybe they were affected by Tartarus more mentally than physically. They always go on the deck every morning and night and they say something about Bob, a friendly giant, and Small Bob. "I just don't know. They should be getting to their room by now. We had to let them stay together, because it just makes it worse if they get separated. We Iris Messaged both of their parents, and apparently, her dad, step-mom, and step-brothers moved to a hotel over here in New York when they heard we were coming back. I'll see you later Malcolm. We're heading out early tomorrow, and I think Leo's making tacos tonight." "Bye, Piper. Enjoy your tacos. Tell her that she's my favorite sister, will you? I never got to tell her." "Sure thing." AN: There's the first chapter! It took a while to write. It's pretty long. Over 4,000 words. I'm proud. I'm working on the second chapter, I have the third, because i changed my mind and added a chapter in between them, so I'm working on it. The Seven will go to school and meet Percy's mortal, and some demigod, friends. Sorry if they're a little OOC. Malcolm isn't in it much, and Percy and Annabeth have got to be a little affected at least from their stay in Tartarus. It seems like Rick down-played Tartarus a lot. Does anyone know how long they were there? Also, I have decided to put a question at he bottom of my chapters: What is Reyna's last name? Review and tell me.