after giving his manhood a loving pat she moved her hands gently to the top of his pants. Jason whimpered as she played teasingly with his cotton boxers, lifting them up a little and allowing them to flap gently back into his area. She reached under his boxers, feeling a hairless area, before encountering Jason's rod. Jason whimpered louder as she gently caressed it her soft hand gliding gently over the surface, a delicate finger touching the sensitive end. She reached back to the top of his boxers and carefully pulled them down, first showing his shaved pubic area, and then a delicious 7-inch penis that rose up, rock hard and begging to be played with. Hazel leant on Jason, and began to grind her slit against his member, pushing it back into his abdomen and eliciting synchronised moans from both of them. Jason reached his hands over her supple, juicy butt and pushed her into him and crashing their lips back together, Hazel feeling her soft chest being squashed into his solid one. Hazel moans became more frequent as she felt pleasure pooling at her slit. Her breasts took interesting shapes as they suspended just above Jason's chest, before slamming into it, squashing them. Hazel, panting, suddenly stopped her grinding, much to Jason's disappointment. A small, but enlarging wet spot had appeared on her pants, and a sweet cloying smell started to fill the room. Hazel stood up and shyly started to pull down her pants. She tantalisingly revealed a short, neatly trimmed dark honey coloured bush, and a pink lipped slit, drops of moisture slowly dripping out. Her lips were pink with arousal, and she resumed straddling Jason, stroking her flaps against his navel, leaving a small damp mark. She gently took hold of his member, giving it a teasing squeeze, and held it under her pink flaps. Seeing this, Jason opened his mouth to say something, but Hazel reached across and put a finger to his lips. She smiled reassuringly, and Jason, who's eyes were flitting all over Hazel's body, from her delicious breasts to her gorgeous bush, relaxed slightly. She slowly sank down on to Jason's member and immediately uttered a loud moan. Jason gasped, as he suddenly felt warm tight wall surround his hardness, and saw it disappear under Hazel. They started to move in harmony Jason carefully thrusting into a rising and sinking Hazel, her breasts bouncing gently and her eyes open wide in bliss. Jason's hand resumed their previous mission and gripped Hazel's now unclothed backside, gripping it, allowing the supple flesh to push into his hands. Hazel on the other hand, leant forward slightly, pressing her bush into his navel as she massaged Jason's chest. As the thrusts got more urgent, Hazel's lower body began to shine. A pool of pleasure started to gather in Hazel's vagina , growing bigger with each sound of flesh slapping together. Jason's member glistened every time he briefly pulled out. Hazel's hands reached round to grab his backside, but only encountered the floor. Put out, she settled them on his thighs, using them to sink herself down further. Jason looked up, suddenly taken by the fact that he was inside Hazel, the girl he had new all the way back from the 5th Cohort. He fixed his gaze on her face and saw her eyes shining with tentative beauty. When the tension in her had built up to its max, she gave out, giving her loudest moan yet as her vaginal muscles clenched on Jason's member, and her juices spilled over his manhood, and around his lower navel. She sighed contentedly and flopped down onto Jason, her bare breasts resting on his pelvis. Jason, who had no warning before her hole undulated on his rod, was suddenly overwhelmed by pleasure. 'I'm gonna …. ugh' Jason said as he pulled out of her, sat up and spilled his seed over her breasts. Hazel pulled herself up his body until her face reached his. She met his lips and poured her heart into the kiss, gently reaching inside his mouth and imitating their earlier exploration. Hazel turned over and lay back on Jason, sighing contentedly as she snuggled into him. Jason put his arms around her, pushing her naked form into his body. He came very aware of the fact that her cum covered breasts were pressing into his arm. He lazily reached down to her slit, and while stroking her silky bush, reached his middle finger and experimentally played with her lips. Hazel closed her eyes and moaned, snuggling closer to Jason. He sighed happily and rested his hand on her backside. A companionable silence developed as they enjoyed each others warmth. 'Why?' Jason uttered. 'I guess it was because you are the person I admire and care for most, and I just found something I could give to you' she murmured sleepily. 'Hazel, I….' Jason rambled incoherently with gratitude. 'Jason?' Hazel interrupted. 'Yeah?' 'Shut up' Hazel told him playfully. Jason leaned close to Hazel and repositioned his arm more protectively around her. 'Maybe we should try and get some clothes? It would be embarrassing if somebody saw us like this' Hazel worried out loud. Semen had dripped from her breasts onto her flat stomach, her juices all over her area. Jason, though reluctant to advise Hazel putting clothes on, agreed. They looked around for some clothes, theirs being strewn across the floor in various states of decomposition. 'I guess I'll just have to weave the mist around us' she replied, sighing. She concentrated, summoning the mist from the depths. She wove it around them to weave a deception to others. They settled down on the floor, with new clothes, Hazel in a dark purple t-shirt and dark blue jeans, with Jason in a plain orange camp t-shirt and woollen shorts. 'I love you Hazel' Jason confessed as they snuggled together. 'Love you too' she murmured, 'Let's just hope they find us' as they fell asleep, together.