and he gave Jason a gigantic hug for everything, and botched some OneRepublic karaoke with Piper, and danced a crazy fast song with Nico and Reyna and Lou Ellen and possibly everyone in the room and Will wondered if the universe had ever fit him so perfectly before. Nico was smiling and Nico was happy and Will could have died that night, but he didn't want to. What he wanted was for tonight to never end. Even though of course it would, and school would end in three weeks and he probably wouldn't see most of these people again after that- Thinking about that plummeted Will's spirits, big time. He went outside again, where a few people were scattered about speaking in hushed tones. Will sat down and tried to work his way up to positive, happy, carefree Will Solace again. He was so lost in his thoughts that he nearly yelled when someone sat beside him and grabbed his hand. Nico uncapped the Sharpie and began scribbling something on the back of Will's hand in neat print. "Can't you just put your number in my phone?" Will asked, craning his neck to see what he was writing. "You have conveniently left your phone in your house which you are not going to because we're at the school gym for prom." Nico answered. Will laughed and made him write down his email address too. "I'm going to miss this." he observed. He clarified quickly, "Tonight. And high school and everyone here." "Me too." Nico finished his email address and snuggled into Will's side. "But I kind of like that it's ending, in some weird way. It'll make for some great memories, and this is a great ending." Will nodded against Nico's black hair. "Yeah, but I'll still miss you." "I'll come surprise you at your prestigious medical school all the time, and you'll invite me to my surprise birthday party." Nico said, entwining his fingers with Will's. "We'll make this work." This. Will felt a bubble of warmth surge through him. Nico turned and met Will's eyes. "And…I really do want this to happen, Will. I want it to happen a lot." Will pulled him closer and whispered, "thank you." Cecil announced the last slow song, a quiet, lovely song that always gave Will chills. He and Nico headed back in and they held each other and swayed. When it ended, the last song began and someone flicked on the twinkle lights strung in the backyard trees. The girls kicked off their heels and ran out, their unstyled hair streaming after them, the boys chasing after them. Laughter swirled the stars and Will ran out with them to whirl Nico around one last time and bask in the mortality of the moment. Everyone left after that, toting trash upstairs and thanking Nico and Will and Will's mom before leaving. Nico insisted on helping tear down the streamers, but Will's mom drew the line at taking down the twinkle lights. "You've done enough, sweetie." she said in a tone that immediately made Nico back down, much to Will's entertainment. "Nico, c'mon, we're leaving." Jason said in the doorway. "Thank you so much, Ms. Solace." "Yeah, one sec." When Jason left, Nico threw his arms around Will's neck and kissed him with everything he had. Right in front of Will's mom, but Will was sort of past embarrassment. When they broke apart, they stood there until Nico muttered, "See you Monday!" and vanished out the door. Will's mom looked highly amused. "Well. Did you have fun?" she asked, smirking. Rather than answer, Will hugged her close and thanked her profusely. Then he put Nico's contacts in his phone and went to bed. It was three in the morning, and he was deliriously happy. ... This was the first Monday possibly ever that he hadn't woken up tired. Nico got ready fast, and was outside Jason's door a whole half hour earlier than he needed to be. When Jason finally stumbled out, he found Nico smoothing his hair and mumbling, "I think I should've worn the other shirt, but that one had a hole in it, but this one's too big, oh god, Jason, my hair's a mess-" Jason held out a hand. "No. Coffee first." When Jason had been sufficiently caffeinated, he reassured Nico that he looked great. Nico grumbled and stared out the window. When they arrived at school, Jason shoved him out of the car and quickly locked it so he couldn't get back inside. Jason knew him too well. Nico's anxiety about this was something palpable, thickening the air around him. When he saw the back of Will's head, he considered hyperventilating. Jason, however, was having none of it. He clapped a hand on Nico's shoulder. "Go." In Nico's mind, the crowd parted for him. He went up to Will and tapped him on the shoulder. Will turned around. He was wearing a tux. His hair was newly trimmed. He was grinning. Nico kissed him like he'd dreamed of for years. Only for a few seconds, because they were at school and all. But yeah. Later, when he opened his locker, he found a slip of paper. "Will you go out with me, check yes or no, Will Solace." Nico rolled his eyes and checked his answer, then taped it up on Will's locker so everyone could see it. When Nico sat down at lunch, Will slung an arm around his shoulders, surprising him in the best way possible. There were grins and knowing looks exchanged among their friends, and excessive congratulations from many. "Do you want to get some froyo?" Nico asked casually after school. Will lifted his eyebrows. "Like a date?" Nico grinned up at him. "Exactly." And so they did, and Nico relished how he suddenly didn't care about the occasional stare or whisper. Well, he did care, but not much. He had better things to love. ... According to just about everyone, real prom sucked.