"I'm human, Mom!" I protested. "I need to be normal. I want to be." My mother sighed. "Then what is your definition of normal?" she asked. I looked down. The truth is, I don't know. I don't have a lot of friends, because I'm not allowed to go out the grounds. I do have my awesome best friend, Thalia Grace. Her father was a king, but she refused to be a princess. She went here to our kingdom and we became friends. She got a special position in the guards. She also had a brother, who's studying high school in New York. I mean, can you believe that? Two royalties living a not-so-classy life? I wish I was like them. "I don't really know," I admitted. "I mean, I never tried being normal. But maybe, like, be a normal teenager: have friends, have sleepover parties, go shopping, go to school… Oh. Wait." A thought hit me. A crazy, impossible thought, but still a good idea. I looked at my mother straight in the eyes. "Mother," I said slowly, "I'm really getting married, aren't I?" She nodded. "I'm sorry, but yes," she said. "And I can do nothing about it, right?" "Yes." "So…" I trailed off. "Because I know I'm not on the winning side of this, can you do me a favor?" Athena frowned, her head tilting to the side. "What do you mean?" she asked. I took a deep breath. Here goes nothing. "I wanna live a normal life," I blurt out. "Well, not really. Just for a year. You know; I'm already seventeen, and… I guess I want to live my last year normally, before I get… married." "And what do you intend to do?" My mother asked. "Send me to the city," I said. "I wanna live there for a while. I wanna attend a normal high school. No bodyguards, stylists, servants, and butlers with me. Just me and Thalia. Please." "Annabeth, I cannot let you do that," My mother said. "It's very dangerous. You are a princess, and-" "I won't let anybody know," I promised. "And Mom, I'm already seventeen. I can take care of myself." "I still cannot let you go," Mom shook her head. "I'm sorry, Annabeth, but no." "But, Mom!" I said, exasperated. "All I'm asking is just one year. I'm going to spend the rest of my life here in Olympia or Sobryta, anyway, married and doing my responsibilities. " My mother considered this for a few moments. Meanwhile I kept my fingers crossed behind my back. Please, I thought. Give me a shot. Just this once. Please. "Alright," Mom finally said. "I will let you go to New York with Thalia." Oh. My. Gods. Did she just say that? "Really?" I squealed, jumping up and down. I went and hugged her real tight. "Thank you, thank you, thank you, Mom!" "Annabeth." my mother frowned, although there was amusement in her voice. "Please stop doing that. It's very unladylike." "Oh, sorry." I untangled myself from her. "Thanks, Mom." She nodded and smiled. "But," she said, "one condition. You shouldn't go anywhere without Thalia. Make friends if you must, but never reveal to them your identity. They might be children of robbers." I couldn't believe my mother could think so lowly of people. But I held back a biting comment. I was too happy to contradict her. "And," she continued, "I shall be the one to choose which school you attend. I will do some researches for good schools in New York. I will tell you tomorrow morning. And I will also send someone to tell Thalia, so you two could start packing. You are dismissed." I knew I was supposed to go out now, but I couldn't help it. I hugged my mother again, and I swear I saw her smile. "Thanks, Mom," I whispered. Then I went out of the room, my heart pounding and myself sure that this is definitely the best day –or, well, evening –of my life. ~oOo~ I woke up with someone continuously shaking my shoulder. "Annie, wake up!" My eyes flew open when I heard that godsdamned nickname, and was met with a pair of electric blue eyes. "Thalia!" I screamed. "What the hell are you doing here?" It was early in the morning, and we were both in our pajamas in my bedroom. Thalia was wearing her usual bed outfit –black long-sleeved shirt with black pajama pants. Miss Ray of Sunshine, Thalia is. "So is it true?" she asked, ignoring the fact that I just screamed a while ago. "We're going to New York?" "Yes," I said, sitting up. "Have you started packing?" "I will later. What are we gonna do there?" she asked excitedly. I shrugged. "We're going to school," I said, and Thalia groaned and let herself fall face-first on my bed. "Come on, Thals, it can't be that bad! I mean, I've never attended a real high school. It must be real fun." "Whatever. Anyway, I came to tell you something." "And that is?" "Your mother wants to meet us in the dining hall right now." And that's when everything broke loose. I literally jumped off bed, hastily combing my hair along the way. Still on socks with slippers, Thalia and I rushed to the dining hall, where my mother sat, eating breakfast. When she saw us, she smiled and motioned for us to sit down. After greeting her, she cleared her throat at us. "So," she said, "I looked for a good school for you. And I found one." Thalia and I both leaned forward, eager to know where we will both be attending for the whole year. "What school?" I asked. "It's a wonderful school," my mother said, not answering my question. "It's big and safe. And you don't have to worry about making friends who might be children of robbers." "Mom, just tell me," I muttered. Mom smiled in response. "Annabeth," she said, smiling, "you're going to Good High."