I've had in years. Guess hardwork really pays off, eh Blaze?" I smiled as I nodded. "Yep. Now come on guys." We began to walk back to the cabin ourselves, the usual jeering and talking going on. For once, things seemed to be going the right way. I joined in with the talk, teasing my friends like they were teasing me. Setha caught up with us, joining in with the fun. As we left the clearing, I caught one last glance at the tree. On the lowest branch hung an ornament...a simple little one made out of silver. It depicted a demidragoness, with a crescent moon shape cut out on a shoulder. It had a smaller male, with his leg limp, and a smaller kit, with his foot slightly different. Stained glass made up the eyes, green for the female, brown for the male, and green-brown for the kit. Family. I smiled at the image, choosing not to speak of it out loud, but to remember it, even when times were tough. … Aiden's POV The first thing that entered my mind when I woke up, was that it was Christmas day. The next thing, was that it was Giving Day, and that was far more exciting than Christmas, I think. I scrambled out of my bunk, accidentally tripping over a shoe strewn on the second floor and falling hard. The thud echoed in the silent cabin, making me tense up, and hoping no one was awake to see that. My demidragon reflex were still pretty slow at times, nothing like Blazes, or even my brother; Tanis's. Thankfully, no one laughed or yelled at me to stop falling. I glanced over at Blaze's bunk. For once, her curtin was actually open and she seemed to be sleeping peacefully. No, it's not called stalking if that's your neighbor and they don't close the curtain around their bunk...I think. I climb on down, and rummage around in my chest on the ground part of my bunk when I'm bear hugged from behind. I know only one person thin enough, quiet enough and tall enough to bear hug someone. Blaze. "Happy Giving Day, goofball." "I thought you were asleep." She let go of me, allowing me to turn around. And see her shrug. "Eh, what can I say. I'm a marvelous actor." I didn't quite know what to say to that, so I just said what I normally say; "Okay." She laughed softly. "Classically you, Aiden. Put on a Christmas sweater, and let us journey to the tree." She snagged her own sweater and ran quietly over to the changing area for girls. I will never understand how she can do that in bare feet. I opened my chest again, to discover there was, in fact, a Christmas sweater on top. Most likely, Blaze had put them out the night before, since she always went to bed later than everyone else. I darted over to the boys changing area and began to mentally and physically prepare myself for the day. … It was after breakfast time when we headed towards the tree. I'd eaten a stack of waffles, which had been dyed red and green for Christmas by the cooking harpies. Blaze came out of nowhere with Tanis and Chris trailing behind. We were all human, even Hiccup had a small sweater on. We came to the clearing, and underneath were all the deer hides, with small gifts and things in them. Blaze darted away, and came back with her own armload of gifts. She passed them out, to me, Tanis, Chris, Matt, little Hiccup...pretty much all of the friends she personally knew. I unwrapped mine, to reveal a leather cord with the stone, macalite, attached on the end. And a sketchbook. I looked up to see Tanis revealing a similar thing, but his was obsidian. Chris's was garnet. Matt had a sapphire. Hiccup had an emerald. Blaze, herself, wore a fire opal. "I wanted us to all have some gemstones that represented us. I had to work with Hazel to get all the ones I wanted. Sorry if you don't like them…." Matt slipped his on and tackled her with a hug. "Why on earth wouldn't anyone like something you made yourself, Blaze?" She grinned a goofy grin, and returned the gesture, Hiccup squeezing in between his parents. The sight made me smile. Tanis put a hand on my shoulder, smiling a little. "So you still think you don't belong?" he asked. I shook my head. "If Blaze keeps doing what she's doing, then I might just be able to find the feet I lost awhile ago." "Well, so long as you don't find your mind, I guess that's a pretty good thing, pinhead." For once, I realized there was a place I could call my home away from home. FireClan, for all it's pros and cons...was a family I was willing to help, in the best ways I knew how. I smiled as I darted over to Blaze and Matt, wrapping them in my own bear hug. "GROUP HUG, EVERYBODY!" Everyone with a necklace laughed, and joined in. FireClan was home to the open-minded, and loyal. And I sure as heck didn't wanna leave it when it was just sprouting its wings. A/N Holy. Crap. This bloody special took two weeks to complete. I hope you all enjoyed, cause I started getting excited when I finally finished it. 18 pages, holy cow! This was a blast to write, even if I wasn't quite sure what to do at first. Thanks for reading my stories and all that jazz. Last Christmas, I wasn't even thinking about doing a special. Glad I did this year. Sorry for all those spoilers though. This takes place AFTER BATO 2, after all. Anyway, I hope you all have a Merry Christmas, or whatever holiday you celebrate. Maybe even some of you celebrate Giving Day like the demidragons do. Hope you all enjoyed. Bai now! :) -BlazeTheDemidragon