I conjured and on closer inspection of the small neighborhood I'd created, I realized that there weren't many fine details. I couldn't create what I couldn't see. Frowning, I created a tree to test it out. From a distance, it looked fine and perfectly normal, as I walked right in front of it, I realized that it had none of the ridges that the bark usually had. A leaf fluttered onto my head, and I retrieved it only to see that there were no veins. The leaf was just a leaf-shaped piece of green. The texture was like paper instead of the waxy cover leaves usually had in nature. I groaned and sullenly kicked at the roots of the tree. It toppled over. "Fuck." I snapped, plopping on the ground and sighing. I couldn't even create something real. How pathetic. I didn't care that this was just a dream—I was going to make a real tree, and nothing was going to stop me. Thankfully, my body in my dreams was the body I'd had in my past life, so I was able to stand and move as I liked. I spent the rest of my dream trying to make a tree and failing miserably every time. Every time I tried to conjure a tree, I could never get the image in my head just right. It was way too hard to imagine every little detail of the tree, and I ended up making a forest of deformed trees. It was really, really creepy looking. From then on, I started to notice the things around me with a sharper eye; drinking in all the tiny details and trying to form the image in my head. I had nothing else to do with my time anyway. Creating things in my dreams was actually kind of fun, and it gave me something to do—and it was a challenge, so I wasn't going to back down until I made that goddamn tree. (It was a lot more fun than trying to walk and talk anyway. Why push my infant body to do things that are impossible at its current developmental stage?) I spent so much time in my dreams that they started to meld into "real" life. Or the world I lived in when I was awake. The only thing that allowed me to have a distinction from my dreams and my conscious life was the fact that the normality of the place I lived in. My dreams were way too crazy to be real. Thinking of my past life as my "real' life was getting too complicated (and frankly, so complex that I was starting to have identity issues) so I started referring to the world I lived in now as the "real" world. And the real world that I lived in was becoming dream-like way too quickly. In fact, it shouldn't have been happening at all. But every time I woke up, I began to see things from my dreams. At first, I thought it was just my overactive imagination. But the randomly placed baseballs began to turn into pink elephants, and the pink elephants turned into crackling fires. I could fucking feel the heat, and I wasn't going to touch it. I'd only been thinking about how I'd like to go camping one day, and a fire appeared on the floor next to me. Needless to say, I was terrified. Am I still dreaming? That can't be possible—I clearly remember waking up. What the hell is going on? There was a fire on the floor and things were not okay. I tried to stay as quiet as possible so the man wouldn't notice and focused on putting it out. I failed miserably and ended up conjuring a water bucket next to the fire instead. That was useless—my arms were way too short to reach and the only thing I could do was stand. At that moment, the man chose to turn around. Why now, of all times? I groaned with despair and prayed for the best. He let out a yelp and jumped up. "What the fuck?" He gaped stupidly for a few seconds and then grabbed the bucket next to the fire and put it out. "What—" Pinching the bridge of his nose, his face contorted through a myriad of emotions before settling on confusion. I peered at him through the bars of my crib and he turned to look at me. "It was you, wasn't it?" Wow, okay, the baby is obviously the guilty party here. But he had a knowing glint in his eyes that screamed "I have a secret that you don't know". He set down the bucket with a breath of amusement and picked me up from my crib. "Let's go get something to eat, shall we?" I had no idea why he thought a baby would be able to understand him, but I liked that he spoke to me somewhat like an adult. (I did not need some people cooing random words to me.) Shrugging, I settled into his arms and accepted his offer. I was always up for food. It was when I was going through my baby mash that I realized that the fire hadn't left any scorch marks. A/N: Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Well, I started another SI/OC fic. (Even though I have other stories in progress, whoops.) But that Tumblr post is seriously amazing. I won't reveal the godly parent yet, but I think it's pretty obvious? (Also as a side note: the chapters for this story will be shorter than my other stories—it's kind of styled as a semi-flash fic but not really. Having shorter chapters helps me update faster too, so I'm trying out the whole 3k-4k average word count per chapter.) I'm not good at writing first person so if the chapters are a little bland, sorry. I'm working on it. Anyway, thank you for reading and feel free to leave whatever comments/constructive criticism you want!