Nico fisted his hair and tugged lightly, not wanting to choke his lover. Percy open your throat more, it ll help. Nico said through gritted teeth. Gods, his little puppy had a wonderful mouth. Percy chuckled as Nico whimpered, bucking into his mouth a little, sending pleasurable vibrations all along the shaft. Nico watched as Percy bobbed his head a little, running his tongue up the side. Nico groaned holding Percy s head in place while he thrust lightly into Percy s mouth. Percy gave a yelp in surprise as Nico gave a strong thrust that let him have his whole cock in his mouth. Nico tasted so good, like dark chocolate and whipped cream. Percy ground Nico s balls together in his palm, making Nico gasp and buck roughly into his lover s mouth. So close, Percy just a little more Nico murmured bucking roughly into Percy s mouth, letting all 11 inches slip into that wet warm mouth. Percy s throat squeezed around him and he came onto the Sea Prince s mouth. Percy began to choke and Nico pulled his head back, letting his load spread all over Percy s face and some into his mouth. Nico panted as he stumbled to the bed to collapse on his back, panting and still hard. Percy clambered on top of him, straddling his lap. Nico gave him a curious glance as he rose onto shaky legs and lowered himself onto the hard cock, moaning shakily. P-perce? What are you doing? Nico moaned. You don t have to He trailed off as Percy rocked himself back and forth on Nico s hard length. Mnnh Nico I-I m sorry for making you wait s-so long. He muttered, hissing in pain once he touched a particularly sore spot. Nico put his hands onto Percy s hips to stop him from hurting himself further. Percy looked at him with pleading eyes, silently telling him that it was okay. Nico kept his hands on Percy s hips, but let him continue rocking on him. I m gonna move us into a better position, okay? Nico said, stilling Percy s movements. Percy nodded and bit his lip. Nico moved so Percy was lying on his back and Nico was thrusting slowly into the boy. Percy moaned at the feeling of gentle, deep thrusts. Nico, harder please Percy mewled. Nico thrust harder but not roughly as to not hurt Percy. Percy moaned bit louder, baring his neck in invitation. Nico bent down, nipping, kissing, and sucking softly on the pale skin. A good sized hickey appeared on Percy s skin and Nico gave him a little bite mark on Percy s shoulder, leaving a trail of love bites from Percy s jaw to his shoulder. He gave Percy a deep kiss sucking on his tongue and pressing up against the back of his teeth, making him let out a shaky moan. Ahh-ha-ha! N-Nico! More harder, take me rough Percy mewled, bushy tail upright and out of the way. Nico gladly pushed roughly into the boy, taking him in a hard and animalistic manner, nailing Percy s prostate with each thrust. Percy on the other hand was clearly enjoying the rough sex, judging by the drool dripping out of his mouth and how he kept chanting Nico s name like a mantra, gripping Nico s biceps and digging his fingernails into his skin and back. Nico gripped the back of Percy s neck in an attempt to kiss him roughly and instead was greeted with a cry and Percy arcing up against him, grinding his hips against Nico s. Percy, Nico murmured against the sea beauty s ear. Mnnh? Percy moaned, pushing back against him. Did I just find a sweet spot? Nico grinned, rubbing the back of Percy s neck in soft, smooth circles. ..N-no .. Percy mewled. Are you sure? Nico purred, pressing lightly, loving how Percy quivered in his hands. ...N-no . he muttered. Wrong answer. Nico growled into his ear before pounding into the boy harshly, sure he would leave bruises and that the beauty wouldn t be able to walk straight for a few days. He began to roughly jerk Percy off as he neared his orgasm. Ahh, Nicooo! Percy screamed as he came, spraying his pearly spunk between them. His muscles clamped down on Nico, who gave half a dozen more thrusts before, cumming inside of Percy, who sighed happily as he was filled once again. He yawned sleepily and quickly fell asleep wrapping his legs around Nico, locking his ankles so he wouldn t pull out. Stay in me He murmured before passing out. Nico sighed did he really have a choice? Either let the cum dry on him or drag an unconscious Percy out of the bed, change the sheets, clean them both and then slip back into that deliciously tight hole after putting him back in the bed? He chose the latter. He also called Leo and asked him to build Percy something special End Chapter 5 Percy awoke to gentle, loving thrusts of a sleeping Nico with wet dreams. He smiled as Nico came with a moan settling back into a deeper sleep. Someone knocked on the door roughly, banging as if they had a fire on their heads. Percy grumbled, why couldn t he be bothered later? Yes? he mumbled, opening the door. He let out a cry as he was tackled and had duct tape put over his mouth. His eyes widened as he saw who his attacker was. It was Jason! Why was Jason kidnapping him?! He flinched as he was given a shot of something that made him incredibly sleepy and all the strength flow out of his body. He vaguely remembered being placed in a car before he blacked out completely. ... Nico yawned as he opened his eyes sleepily, stretching his arms out to where Percy was sleeping, rather was supposed to be sleeping and instead was met with a note