once more, being used. As his skin began to turn into a deep blue, my own scales became real. His brown eyes stayed brown, unlike my own. Both of us fell forward on to the thick soles of our now taloned hands and feet. Before you ask, when ever we transform, our clothes mold into our new shapes. I've never managed to understand in properly, but we're still wearing our clothes when we go back to human form. That probably makes no sense, but somehow it works. When I looked back to Brett, his violet colored tail spikes had completed his transformation. We both walked through the small tunnel, wincing as thorns scraped at the gaps between scales. Once we were trough, the sight of the camp was a sight to behold. There were larger bushes that had holes in them. Those holes lead right down to the dens. When you're in a clan, you are an apprentice when you're in training to become a warrior. Helaers also can have apprentices, but our current Healer; Lizzie, has no apprentice. Lizzie was currently as a very large tree, moving supplies to the new den. There was an elders den close to it, as well as the nursery. My own den was in a tree. It was a beautiful sight for any clan leader. All of the warriors were working hard to make this a secure and safe place. In the corner of the camp, there was a very large tunnel. Dirt was flying from its entrance. Clearly they were still working on the tunnels. I watched as a pair of apprentices chased one another. Matt strode towards me. He limped on his right side because of a birth deformity. I stepped forward and nuzzled him. "It looks perfect." I told him. "I figured we'd all better get started, even if you weren't here." Hunters raspy voice said behind me. His talons were covered in dirt, as was his pelt. "Well you certainly did a good job. We ready to move in yet, or do we need more time? I can see that the tunnels aren't finished yet." "The tunnels aren't even close to being finished. We put all of our energy into building the camp for the last few months. I just started working on it again. Looks like Setha put on some music." And indeed I heard the sweet sound of "Welcome To This Day" begin to play. As the chorus began to play, I couldn't help but sing along. "Welcome magic. Welcome sweet sunray. Love is no secret. Look all around you. Welcome to this day!" I sang. "You're in a good mood." Matt said, smiling. "This song always reminds me of the clan. It puts me in a good mood." I answered. "Why don't we just think about something else for once? I know that the clan is your life, but can you just act like a regular teenager?" he teased. "Wish I could, but-" "Come on, lets go for a flight and forget about our worries for awhile." Matt interrupted. He lunched himself into flight, causing a strong gust of wind to rattle the leaves on the bushes and eventually the trees as he gained altitude. I was about to join him, when there was a snarling noise and a black shape leaped out of the bushes and hurled itself on one of the apprentices who'd been chasing another one earlier. It tore into the apprentice, causing the scream of terror to stop aruptedly. A golden shape hurled itself at the dark creature that I managed to identify now. It was a hellhound, a dog-like creature that was both fierce and deadly to the apprentices. The hellhound disintegrated into golden dust, like monsters do when you kill them. The golden shape turned out to be Hunter, and he was glaring furiously at the place where the hellhound had last stood. There was a howl as more hellhounds charged in. "Protect the young, old and defenseless!" Hunter yelled. I spotted Ishmell by the elders den, no doubt protecting his grandmother. I snarled at one who came close to me. It leaped and I flared my wings up, making myself bigger than I was, though I am really big for a female. It snapped at me, just missing my face. I sunk my teeth in its shoulder, and it exploded into dust. By the time the last hellhound was dead, it was dark. And by that time, I had several scratches and a nasty bite on my left flank. Lizzie had a long line, so I occupied myself by talking with Hunter. "Who was the apprentice?" I asked. "Riverfoot. She was second generation, and was planning on returning to her parents in Mississippi. But I guess she'll never get to do that." Hunter replied, a little bitter. "Who went to notify her parents?" "Mousewing. I figured she needed to do something." "Good, good." "Hey, why don't you get those wounds looked at? Liz has almost no one in line now." "Oh thanks, I didn't "Hey, those wounds look bad. A leader can get infected too, you know." "Don't remind me." I got home at about 9:00 PM. My "mom" and "dad" gave me a whole lecture on how I was suppose to be back before dark, and then I got grounded when I pointed out that the sun was still setting. When I finally got to sleep, my dreams were plagued by the screams of the apprentice getting torn into by the hellhound. It made me shiver, and it also made me think more about defenses at the camp. Clearly, it wasn't safe. I would need to ask Setha to help me with a magical border, something that I'd recently become very skilled with. Next week, turned into otter chaos. Mainly because I was supposed to go to New York. And if I haven't mentioned it already, I seem to have the worst fate in all of Dragonair history.