then a hunter, and now he's gone and doesn't even remember you. As you run to the beach, tears streaming down your face, you cry out to the gods. It's not fair, not at all. They aren't talking to you, haven't had contact in three months, they took your boyfriend away. After everything with the Titan war, why can't they just leave you alone? You fall asleep on the beach and the next day you don't even look at Malcolm. He knows that you weren't back in your bunk until the small hours of the morning slipping under the covers just before the early risers of the Athena cabin start to stir. The weeks go by and your mask is thick as ever until Chiron asks you to go visit your family for a while. He uses the argument that they haven't seen you all winter and the camp can go without you during spring break. After protesting that Leo needs your help on the Argo 2, Chiron finally produces a first class ticket to San Francisco forcing you to go. Arriving back home is even harder because your dad and step mom are nauseatingly nice to you walking on egg shells in fear of saying the wrong thing. Sure you appreciate the extra cookies from your step mom and the old movie nights with your dad, but you're relieved to get back to Camp Half-Blood where everyone buys your mask. June hits, the final month for the Argo II and they're scrambling to finish on time. Everything is almost done and you're on edge waiting for something to show up because even though Percy was safe at the Roman camp there has been absolutely no sign of him whatsoever. And that worries you because you know Percy's fatal flaw. Who knows whether he sacrificed himself for someone? Tyson finally gets a scent. He was sent out with Mrs. O'Leary to look for traces of Percy because they had the most powerful noses. If Percy was to be found easily it would probably be by those two. When they started picking up traces of him in California, you're ready to catch the next flight, damn the consequences. Your duty to your friends and the fact that the Argo II will be finished in less than a week is what keeps you there. Then the dreams come, glimpses of gorgons chasing him, with Percy winning each time, the bowling balls were creative you'll give him that. Finally you dream of him running alongside of you and when you turn you see him staring at you like you're some kind of ghost. You can't help but reach out your hand to him as you always do while running. You knew he was alive but it's all you can do not to reach out and kiss him. Instead looking at his adorably confused face you call "Thanks the gods! For months and months we couldn't see you!" You have to know if he's ok because you can't stand the thought him hurt and alone "Are you alright?" He stares at you with such longing that you gain some hope that he knows who you are and when he asks "Are you real?" you know that something has stuck in that seaweed brain of his. So though you know he's going to struggle with this you yell out "Stay put! It'll be easier for Tyson to find you! Stay where you are!" because your starting to wake up. Hopefully Percy will stay where he is at least until Tyson can track him down. When you wake up you can't believe that your subconscious thought that up, it was too Percy. Yet six months without contact are enough to make you skeptical. The voicemail breaks you. His voice though recorded is the most you've heard of him and you can't hold back the tears that rush down your face as you realize that he's ok, that sure he's on a quest but he remembers his mother so he has to remember you . The Argo II is finally ready to set sail. You skipped the last semester of school so that you could go full time at camp. You're all packed and ready to go, the summer solstice is in about a week but they finished earlier than expected. Upon starting it up, there's an engine malfunction and you almost cry out of frustration. Leo sends the scroll, an invention of Daedalus, and finally finally after another five days you're on your way. It's a two day journey to the Roman camp and though you're finally on your way, you still worry. It's in your nature; you even have back up plans for the back up plans. As if that's not enough on your plate, the Mark of Athena burns in your pocket as you approach the Roman camp. The angry statue provides a distraction for your nerves as you find the way to approach the camp. Scanning the crowd your eyes alight on him. He stares at you with that same mischievous twinkle in his eye, and for a second it's as if there was never a separation to begin with because he remembers you. You can tell. You're sprinting for his form as soon as your feet hit the ground. You collide with that muscular body that is just so Percy and for the first time in six months you feel home. He's not getting away that easily though. He probably didn't even remember you for the most of the six months so you judo flip him and press your arm to his neck and threaten him because you really can't take a separation like that again. He just grins up at you like you're the most beautiful thing he's seen in a long time and then you're kissing and you ignore the uncomfortable shifting, and catcalls in the background because he's yours and you're his and it has been far too long.