pain as he slowly slid inside her, her walls stretching to accommodate his, not just long but, thick length inside her cunt. She grimaced as Percy broke her barrier, a sharp pinching pain shocking through her body. The eighteen-year-old stilled once he was fully seated inside the blonde, burying his face in the crook of her neck. He'd noticed her grimace. He wanted this, their first time - both together an their respective firsts - to be pleasurable. "Do you still want this, Wise Girl?" he whispered hoarsely into her skin. "Yes. The first time always hurts for the first few minutes," she replied, gasping and moaning as she wrapped her legs around his waist. She planted her feet on the curve of his ass, forcing him deeper inside her. "Just give me a few minutes," she whispered. "Whatever you need, Love," he replied, raising his head to look her in the eye. "Fuck, how did I get this lucky?" "Mmmm. You're the one person I know I can always trust," she whispered, pulling him closer. "Yeah?" he whispered, peppering kisses along her tanned skin. "Yes. Now, please fuck me," she moaned, moving one hand to squeeze his ass firmly. "Yes, ma'am," he replied as he pulled back until only the head of his cock was still inside her. Then he slammed back inside her, making her cry out in pleasure at his actions. "Yes! Fuck! Yes!" Annabeth screamed, tossing her head back in pleasure as Percy set a brutal pace. But it was more than pleasurable for the blonde. "There! Yes! Percy!" she began to rant in Ancient Greek, pleasure overriding all her control. Percy caught one of her hands, interlacing their fingers as he drove himself deeper inside her. Her feet were pushing down on his ass, her other hand digging into the flesh of the small of his back. "You feel so good," he whispered in between grunts and groans. "Fuck," he groaned, moving his head to suck on her nipples teasingly. He slipped one arm under her back, tilting her hips so he could slid deeper inside her. And he was rewarded with sinful moans of approval from the blonde beneath him. "Percy," she gasped, tossing her head to the side as said young man moved to his knees, thrusting deeper and harder inside her. "I'm close. Fuck. I'm so close," she moaned, bringing her hand from his lower back to his hair, gripping it firmly as she pulled his mouth to hers. The two groaned into the kiss, both very close to their respective orgasms. Percy hooked his arm under one of Annabeth's legs, keeping one of her hands pinned to the bed. "Do you... want me.. to pull out.. Annabeth?" he gasped, kissing her hungrily while pushing her leg over his shoulder. "Inside me. Don't you dare... pull out. Please, Percy." "Fuck," he groaned, finding her permission a sinful seductive gift from the Gods. "I'm gonna come." He brought one hand down between them, rubbing his thumb over her clit firmly. He wanted her to come before him, wanted to feel her walls milk him dry. And that was all she needed to come apart. Annabeth screamed Percy's name out in pleasure as she came for the second time that night. Her walls clenched hard around his cock, milking him. Her quivering walls made Percy come hard inside her. He thrusted twice, three more times before collapsing on top of her. The two panted heavily as they caught their breath, Percy gently pressing loving kisses along her chest and collarbones. Annabeth slowly opened her eyes, moving her head to gaze at the man whose head was now lying between her breasts. She brought her hand up to trail it through his spiky hair drowsily. "Di immortals, Percy," she whispered, trying to remember the last time she felt this relaxed. "So I did okay?" Percy asked, raising his head to look at her with a shy smile. Annabeth returned his smile. "Yes. But where the fuck did you learn to do all that?" She was afraid of the answer but she needed to know. She knew it couldn't be Rachel but Calypso... that was another kettle of fish. Percy blushed. "Mainly from porn," he replied truthfully, smiling at her shyly. "And when your father and stepfather aren't embarrassed about talking about sex. Well, let's just say I have enough knowledge - and scarring imagery - to last me a lifetime." Annabeth mentally relaxed and blushed at Percy's words. "I don't need to know anymore," she whispered." Percy nodded his agreement. "We should get dressed. In case anyone comes down. I'm not getting hit by the Coach's baseball bat." Annabeth grinned and nodded, reaching for their clothes. The two exchanged fleeting kisses and touches as they quickly redressed. Percy sat back down on the blanket, pulling Annabeth down into his lap. They sat cuddling, enjoying each other's warmth. Before Percy knew it, the drone of the ship's engine, the dim light, and the comfortable feeling of being with Annabeth made his eyes heavy, and he drifted to sleep. When he woke, daylight was coming through the glass floor, and a boy's voice said, "Oh... You are in so much trouble." The first time is always awkward - at least, what I learned personally, and from friends. Unless you're so drunk that awkwardness isn't able to be comprehended. That's why they're awkward. And because I thought I should point this out - I don't in my other stories - I advise everyone to practice safe sex. At all times. We don't live in a safe world, so please be safe when participating in one of the more enjoyable things in life. For your own sake. As well as that, my thoughts and prayers go out to the young Irish people who lost their lives in the tragic accident in Berkeley - chuid eile i síocháin ár gcairde -, those who remain in hospital and all their families.