you are a coward, afraid of yourself and your feelings. Tell him the real reason you ran from Camp Half-Blood, and why you are always alone. Nico screamed. The sound split the ground at his feet, his anguish calling skeletons forth to form up all around him. Will you hide among the dead, as you always do? Cupid mocked. Reyna's consciousness throbbed at the sheer amount of hatred, fear, and shame overwhelming the son of Hades. It was more than the entire Roman legion. Images flashed through her mind's eye. She saw Nico and someone that appeared to be his sister on a snowy cliff in Maine, Percy protecting them from a manticore. Percy's sword gleamed in the dark. He'd been the first demigod Nico had ever seen in action. Later, at Camp Half-Blood, Percy took Nico by the arm, promising to keep his sister Bianca safe. Nico had believed him. Nico had looked into his sea-green eyes and thought, How can he possibly fail? This is a real hero. He was Nico's favorite game, Mythomagic, brought to life. Reyna saw the moment when Percy returned and told Nico that Bianca was dead. Nico had screamed and called him a liar. He'd felt betrayed, but still … when the skeleton warriors attacked, he couldn't let them harm Percy. Nico had called on the earth to swallow them up, and then he'd run away – terrified of his own powers and his own emotions. "I left Camp Half-Blood because of love," Nico finally said. "Annabeth … she –" Still hiding , Cupid said while smashing another skeleton attacking him to pieces. You do not have the strength. Then, relief flooding Reyna, Jason spoke up. She made a note to thank him later for his support. "Nico, it's okay. I get it." "No, you don't. There's no way you can understand." And so you run away again, Cupid chided. From your friends, from yourself. "I don't have friends!" Nico yelled. "I left Camp Half-Blood because I don't belong! I'll never belong!" What hurt the most was that he believed this to be true. Other than Hazel, whom was his sister, he truly felt no one cared about him. He thought they would never even care if he just disappeared. After a long silence, Nico spoke. "I – I wasn't in love with Annabeth." "You were jealous of her," Jason supplied. "That's why you didn't want to be around her. Especially why you didn't want to be around … him. It makes total sense." "I hated myself," Nico said brokenly. "I hated Percy Jackson." To her surprise, Cupid became visible. While handsome in a sense his blood red eyes gave him a sinister look that gave her a sour feeling. The way he watched Nico annoyed her. "I had a crush on Percy," Nico spat. "That's the truth. That's the big secret. Happy now?" Reyna wished she had been there to tell him how brave he was. To grow up in the time of World War II where homosexuality was not accepted but could also get you killed was one thing, but admitting something like this was awe-inspiring. It took true courage, yet all Nico felt at that moment was more embarrassment, shame, and pain. A few more memories flashed before her eyes. She saw how little he slept on the ship because he just awoke screaming silently from nightmares. Sometimes he would stand up on the mast as if contemplating whether or not to jump. He would cry up there as well, when he knew no one would come out there to see. At one point Jason tried to talk to him, but it ended with Nico scaring him off, demanding he leave him alone. She watched as Percy and Annabeth were rescued, the aching pain at seeing them together holding hands and telling Frank they would talk about Tartarus later. In the last scene Percy thanked Nico for leading the rest of the Seven to the House of Hades, and one thing Nico said during the conversation struck home. After Percy mentioned how Bob the titan had saved their lives due to Nico just being his friend, she felt his heart numb. " Yeah, well," Nico said, "not giving people a second thought … that can be dangerous." "Nico," Reyna called out. This had to stop. She had to show him he wasn't alone. Nothing happened for a moment. Then, being thrown out his mind like a guest that had overstayed her welcome, she found herself standing next to the coach once more. They shared a look to see if they had both seen the same thing; it appeared they had. After Bryce was sent away, nothing more than a ghost, Nico collapsed. She and the coach did everything they could to save him and thank the gods it worked. They talked about everything they had witnessed through his eyes and came to a decision. Nico had no know he wasn't alone, that the future could and would turn out brighter than it was now in the shadows. On the night before the Romans left, a few days after defeating Gaea, Reyna made her move. She walked up to Nico, who was standing to one side in the shadows, as usual. She grabbed his hand and pulled him gently into the firelight. " We had one home," she said. "Now we have two." She gave Nico a big hug and the crowd roared with approval. Nico didn't pull away, and for that she was grateful. She held him tightly as he buried his face in her shoulder, wanting everyone who was watching to know if they gave him a hard time she would make them pay. When she felt a bit of wetness on her shoulder she bowed her head. Nico di Angelo wouldn't feel alone at all that night and that included having someone to cry with. In front of her entire legion, the praetor allowed a tear to escape.