keep a cold heart and never get hurt then trust to quickly and take to many blows. ΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩ "Wake up Kates!" I jolted up and instantly shivered. I rubbed my burning eyes and looked up to a navy painted night full of sparkling lights-no wait they were stars. Suddenly all the events of today came back to me. I looked under me to see Travis. His slightly red fingers went up to rube his eyes. I jumped of off him and started scrambling down Zeus's fist. "We need to get back to our cabins Travis hurry!" Finally making it down I quickly dusted my hands on my pants. "Oh god Travis we are going to be in so much trouble!" I whined. He dropped his body onto my back, arms snaking around my waist "Well we are already late so whatever." He mumbled in a rough deep voice. Even if I didn't want to, I pushed him off of me, grabbing his hand we started running. Once I saw the faint glow of the torches setup I stopped to a cautious walk. "Travis, are you going to be able to sneak into your cabin?" I whispered "Ya I'll just knock on the window Conner will open it for me. What about you?" "I always leave my window open" I swiveled towards him and pointed at him, narrowing my eyes. "Don't get any ideas." "I won't good night kitten" He hugged me "Night night Travie" I quickly kissed his cheek then ran to the window in my sectioned room. I quickly snuck into my room. Grabbing my phone from the dresser (Leo created and app to ward off monsters with the help of Annabeth.) 10:32 Oh thank god, it isn't too late; I can just say I decided to spend a little extra time in the strawberry patches. Boom A crack of lightning momentarily lit up my room. The storm picked up; personally I loved this type of weather. The sound always seemed to calm me down, weather it be the cracking of lightning bolts or the raindrops hitting the floors with a soft thud. I decided to leave my window slightly open so I could hear the lightning and rain better. Once i was changed into my pajamas I snuggled into my bed letting the storm be my lullaby I fell asleep. ΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩ I tried to turn in my sleep but felt constricted; something was holding me down. I slowly opened my eyes but it seemed to be more difficult then I initially thought. I pressed and rubbed on my eyes really hard before I was able to finally open my eyes. Travis Travis was in my bed. At night. Why? "Travis" I shook his shoulder "Wake up silly, what are you doing here?" He blinked awake; once he realized I was here he lazily smiled then said, "Storm." That's when I realized that the storm outside had gotten even worse. I could hear the wind howling, the sky crying streaks upon streaks. Lightening flashing every five seconds, I counted. "Wow that's a big one isn't it?" I whispered Another lightening bolt struck the sky this one bigger than all the other. A couple of screams from the younger kids in my cabin made me turn towards the door. It even made my heart jump a little. While all this happened Travis clutched onto me even harder, burring his face into my neck. "Don't like storms huh?" He shook his head furiously, eyes squeezed tight. "You really need to get back to your cabin baby" I started running my hand through his hair to calm him down. "I met Annabeth on my way here, I told her to come and get me in the morning before she went back to her cabin. Plus I'm not going back out there." Ever since the Gaea war was over Annabeth has been sneaking into Percy's room. Tartaurus did a number on them. They both started having nightmares and night terrors. Almost every night you could hear one of them scream in their sleep. Everybody at camp knows that Annabeth sneaks into Percy's room, even Chiron, but nobody says anything since they've both been through so much. But at least they had each other; poor Nico went through it all alone. I wonder how he's holding up. Though him and Will have been getting along really well, I hope they start dating because Nico really deserves someone as amazing as Will and I know Will has had I slight crush on Nico for the longest time. Solangelo. I ship it. "By the way…did I tell you that you look really hot with red hair" I could feel him grin against my neck. Cheeky boy "You're lucky that some of the kids from the Aphrodite cabin were able to make it this dark instead of that neon red you did to my hair. Otherwise I would have strung you upside down for the rest of the day with my vines." I huffed pushing my self further back into Travis's chest. "Sorry, you're just an easy target" he chuckled "Well if you don't stop harassing me I might just have to break up with you" He tensed slightly then relaxed again. "That's not very funny" "Neither are your jokes Travie," he groaned at the word Travie "Now go to sleep" And that's how we fell asleep. Me on my back with Travis half on me, I had one of my arms wrapped around his body and the other stroking his hair gently to try and calm him down, our legs tangled together. He kept his face buried in the crook of my neck, tensing slightly at each lightening bolt. Ya I'm pretty sure I unnecessarily stretched this but oh well; it's been in my folder for the past year so why not finish it. I've been having a lot of Tratie feels and not enough Percabeth or Jasper or Caleo or Frazel or even Solangelo feels.