of me now, please? We can wait this out in your cabin and eat beef jerky until you change back." To everyone's shock Nico obeyed. The large wolf rested on his hind legs next to Will as the healer picked himself up, eyeing those around him wearily. "I'm just going to take him to his cabin." Will said sheepishly at the confused looks he was getting. Apparently the fact Nico listened to him over Piper's charmspeak was astounding. He ignored that though and instead picked up the skull ring that had fallen off Nico during the transformation. The younger boy's clothes were ruined, however, as they had been ripped and shredded as he turned. "If someone could stop by in a few minutes with beef jerky that'd be great." "Will!" Kayla said from the crowd. "What if he attacks you again? He'll rip you to shreds!" Smiling confidently, Will ruffled the fur atop Nico's head. The wolf merely leaned into it, standing up moments later to brush around Will's legs and let a threatening growl escape at those who were slowly inching closer to them. "For some reason I think I'll be fine. I trust Nico." With that he walked out of the amphitheatre with the son of Hades gone werewolf trailing after him. When he had gone, Cecil of the Hermes Cabin whistled. "Well that's something I didn't see coming." A few feet away, Travis and Connor Stoll looked after the pair in wonder. Then they ended up asking the same question in sync. "What the Hecate just happened?" Time passed by rather slowly in the Hades cabin. After sitting down on Nico's bed, Nico himself stretching out on the floor near his feet, the only interruption was when Jason stopped by with a bag of beef jerky and to ask if Will would be okay. The healer promised that he would be fine, saying if he needed help he would whistle. Will occupied his time through singing, which while it didn't sound all that great he believed it grounded Nico's mind. It was only when he heard the wolf yelp that he stopped. "Nico?" At the terrible sound of crunching bone, Will rolled off the bed and onto the floor next to Nico. He quickly grabbed the sheet off of the bed when he realized the fur was becoming skin. Knowing Nico wouldn't like being exposed to Will like that, just as the transformation was complete the healer gently placed the sheet over younger demigod's body. A few moments later, the son of Hades sat up in confusion. "Will?" His voice was rough, a slight rumble to it. At that moment he noticed he was naked, only a thin black sheet covering him from his crush, and he blushed. "What happened? Actually, can you get out for a minute while I put some clothes on?" The blond smiled, leaving the cabin for a few minutes until Nico called him back in. Now that the son of Hades was back in his usual black attire the blush faded. He also looked upset from where he had on his bed. "I changed, didn't I?" "If you mean turned into a wolf, then yes. You're still the same adorable ball of darkness you usually are." He grinned, but it faded at the worried look on Nico's face. "No one got hurt though. Your friends and I took care of the situation pretty early on, although I think you surprised a lot of the other campers with this sudden development." Nico squeezed his eyes shut. After taking a deep breath, he opened them to see Will holding his hand out. "You dropped your ring," the son of Apollo explained. Since Nico didn't move to take it right away, Will took Nico's hand and slid it onto him for him. Both of them fought off a blush at the intimate action before Nico spoke softly. "I think I remember what happened. I heard your voice and your singing, and it made my head clear." He paused for a moment. "And did you really feed me beef jerky?" Will sputtered indignantly. "Did you really think I was going to sit in a room with a hungry wolf for over two hours? I think not. Besides, you ate it like you were starving so you had to have enjoyed it." Rolling his eyes, Nico motioned for Will to sit down. As soon as he did pale arms wrapped around him and pulled him close. Will naturally slid his own arms around Nico, who was now holding onto him like his depended on it. "I was so scared I'd hurt someone," the dark-haired demigod whispered from where his head rested on Will's chest. "All of my self-control vanished. I only felt primal urges to attack and hunt and kill until you stopped me. I could have hurt Percy, Piper, or anyone else if you hadn't brought me back to my senses." "About that," Will interjected, "I wanted to ask why you listened to me but not when Piper used her charmspeak to calm you down." "Her powers only work on those who are attracted to her or admire her. I don't really find her or any girl attractive, if you know what I mean." Blue eyes widened at the admission. Will couldn't stop the next few words from escaping his grinning mouth. "I like guys too." Nico's face heated up once again, especially when he looked up to see Will gazing at him intently. "You know what else?" Will asked. "What?" "I like werewolf sons of Hades too." For a few seconds Nico gaped, but then he shot Will one of his own trademark grins. "Looks like I'm the only one." "I won't complain. The truth is you're my favorite anyway, Death Boy. Or should I start calling you Death Dog now?" Nico rolled his eyes. "Shut up, Solace." Then they were kissing, and later when they finally pulled away neither of them could stop smiling.