adoption official by claiming Perseus Jackson as his demigod son, the boy's eyes had shifted from a vibrant sea green to a pitch black with only a ring of sea green around the irises. The boy looked very much the part of a son of Hades, his deep scar running the length of his face only adding to menacing look the ten-year old carried as he looked around his new home in the Underworld. "So that explains why you didn't have sea green eyes when we met. I thought you were always a son of Hades until you told us you weren't born a son of Hades," Annabeth muttered. "Brother, please tell me you are doing this for the boy and not simply to get back at Poseidon." Hestia said worriedly, finally breaking the silence that had enveloped the siblings. "No, I would never do that for just that reason. It could be part of the reason, but not all," Hades responded. Hades shook his head, "I will not lie to you by saying that hurting Poseidon does not make this even better but I do wish to help the boy. You were correct when you said I missed my children. If you can convince my wife to accept the boy then he will have a far better upbringing than he would have on his own in the mortal world." Hestia nodded seemingly satisfied with the answer, "You do know that Poseidon will fight you for the boy when he finds out." "He may try, but that won't change who my father is," Percy said. Hades scowled, "He can do what he pleases; he certainly did Perseus no favors leaving him on his own with his stepfather." "No, he did not," Percy whispered. "You know the ancient laws forbid him from interfering." Hestia argued. Percy made a cough that sounded like 'bull shit'. "No! I am sick and tired of those Olympians blaming their neglect on the ancient laws. He did not have to bring the boy to Atlantis to raise him but it is more than within his power to check on his child occasionally. The boy is now my son and Poseidon will have to deal with the consequences of his neglect." Hades spat. "My dad is absolutely right. You Olympians think that you can just hide behind a stupid law, but you aren't afraid to break them for some other reason. All of you gods are hypocrites. You go and knock a woman up, and then while she's giving birth you just say that you have to leave and that you can't help them survive. That's a load of horse shit. You can at least not make them live with a monster who would torture the mother and child until death or worse!" Percy spat. "The only male gods who actually seem to care are Hephaestus and Hades. The rest of you gods don't seem to care about how many women you knock up or how many children you make. Yes, you sometimes care, but you don't always show that you care all the time, especially when you don't even check to see if the woman you knocked up is pregnant." The gods had a look of guilt. Hestia's eyes widened at her brother's outburst until she smiled a bit, now convinced that Hades would do right by Percy as she had hoped. Now it was her job to convince Persephone to accept the child as it would not do for Percy to grow up without a motherly figure in his life. He was her first ever champion and she would make sure Percy lived the life he deserved after what his life had been leading up to that point. Hestia nodded to her brother, "Thank you brother. I have a conversation with your wife to have but I will return to visit the boy as long as it is okay with you." Hades nodded, "Of course Hestia. Of all our siblings, you are the only one to ever treat me like a brother and not an outcast. You have an open invitation into my realm." "Thank you, Hades," Hestia smiled. "It's no problem, Hestia," Hades said returning the smile. Hestia smiled before she vanished in a column of flames back to Olympus. Hades waved his hand making a shadow appear as the Fury Alecto appeared in front of her master. "What is it you need my lord?" Alecto rasped. "I now have a son, Perseus Jackson. He is a demigod son of Poseidon who I have adopted. I have many great plans for my son and I will need you to prepare him for these." Hades explained. Alecto looked shocked but nodded, "Of course my lord; what are your wishes?" "Nothing yet for I will train the boy myself for a while but I will need many teachers for my son's training and you will need to set it up with the chosen heroes to train the boy. For now, simply spread the word that a new Prince of the Underworld has been crowned and he shall be treated as if he were my own flesh and blood within my realm." Hades explained. "They were the greatest teachers ever, even if they could get boring at times," Percy said. "As you wish my lord." Alecto bowed before vanishing from the throne room of Hades. Hades sat back in his throne, a satisfied smile on his face. The time for his children being shunned would soon end. Perseus Jackson would make some changes on Olympus, he was sure of it. When the time came, the son of Hades would become the greatest demigod warrior the world had ever seen; Hades would make sure of it. "That's it," Percy said. "Alright, we will read two more chapters. Who want's to read?" Zeus asked. "I will," Zoe said. Percy handed her the book. She was about to begin when there was a flash of light, and two demigods appeared.