ever need help, come to hearth and I will be there for you." She whispered before planting a kiss on his cheek and walking to her new throne. Percy's face broke into the smallest of smiles for a second before the pain of betrayal wiped it from his face again. Percy returned to his position kneeling in front of Zeus, waiting to be dismissed. "Artemis, please come here, daughter." Zeus announced. Artemis narrowed her eyes a bit but got up from her throne and strode over to where Percy was standing. "It would be easiest if you could just give Perseus the same immortality as your hunters." Zeus asked. Artemis nodded and touched Percy's shoulder, causing him to glow silver for a second before it vanished. "Why would he be glowing silver?" Zeus asked. "He only needs immortality, and he wouldn't be glowing silver for just immortality." Artemis shrugged but knew what it was. "Thank you, Lady Artemis." Percy said politely. Artemis stared at Percy for a moment before giving him a nod and returning to her throne. "I believe this ceremony is now complete. New cabins will be built at Camp Half Blood and the peaceful Titans shall be released as soon as possible. Now, we shall celebrate our victory with a party on Olympus." Zeus thundered. "Yeah, I love parties!' Apollo cheered. Hermes nodded. The number pranks that could be pulled during a party. Dionysus also agreed it was the one time he was allowed to have wine. Apollo, Dionysus and Hermes all smiled and vanished. When the first person opened the throne room doors, they were greeted with a massive courtyard filled with food and wine. Music was playing and a dance floor was set up. People began exiting the throne room and heading to the party. Percy hung back waiting for people to clear out so he could slip out without being noticed. He already had plans on how he wanted to spend the foreseeable future. "Why didn't he stay?" Apollo frowned. "He needed some time," Hera responded. "He needed to let things calm down." When everyone was gone, Percy made to sneak off through a side room to escape the party. But when he turned, he saw Hera glaring at him from her throne. Percy tensed a bit but then surprisingly made his way over to her throne and bowed. "Lady Hera, I was wondering if I could please have a moment of your time." Percy asked quietly. Hera narrowed her eyes at Percy but gave him a slight nod. "I just wanted to apologize for the way I spoke to you last year after the quest in the Labyrinth. I didn't actually agree with what she said to you but I was naïve and stupid. I was trying to direct your anger toward me instead of her. I am sorry for what I said." Percy explained. He bowed and turned to leave but was stopped when Hera spoke. Hera smiled. She finally made her peace with Percy. Only she and Hestia knew where he was. She glanced at the man in the cloak but quickly looked to her sister. "Wait, Perseus." Hera called. Percy turned back and looked up at Hera, half expecting to get incinerated. "I wouldn't incinerate, my son," Hera muttered although no one could hear her. "I believe you are trying to avoid the celebration, correct?" Hera asked. Percy nodded warily. "Well, I will help you. Thank you for your apology. While I was angry, I understand your reasons." Hera said with a small smile before she snapped her fingers and Percy vanished. Hera and Hestia grinned at Percy, even though he wasn't here, he was still their favorite demigod. Percy reappeared inside an empty Camp Half- Blood. Percy felt relieved knowing he wouldn't have to deal with anyone seeing him leave. He quickly went into the Poseidon cabin and gathered clothes, money, drachmas, weapons and supplies. He grabbed a piece of paper and wrote down a short letter addressed to Chiron. The man in the cloak looked into the distance remembering this. Percy left his cabin and walked into the dining pavilion where he convinced a few nymphs to give him some food for travel. Percy walked over to the brazier and dropped a couple pieces of his food into the fire. "For Lady Hera. Thank you for getting me off Olympus." Percy muttered before jogging off to the big house where he left the note for Chiron. Percy looked over the camp one last time before he made his way up Half Blood Hill. After petting Peleus, Percy turned his back on his home for the past four years, unsure when or if he would see it again. The gods looked pitiful towards the hero. He had loved Annabeth so much, and she deceived him. Line Break The next morning when Chiron returned to Camp Half Blood with the demigods, he was greeted with a letter that sent a pang of pain through his heart. Dear Chiron, I am letting you know I won't be staying at camp for a while. After everything that happened yesterday, I have decided to spend some time traveling. I need some time to sort through my emotions. Please don't think I am angry with you or anyone. You are like a father to me, and the campers like my brothers and sisters. I just need some time to myself. Please don't search for me. I will return when I have figured things out. Thank you for everything Chiron, and please tell the campers I am sorry. Thank you, Percy Jackson. "That's it," Hestia said closing the book. "Who wants to read?" "I would, Lady Hestia," the man in the cloak said in a husky voice. A/N: Hey, I have another story called the Gods and demigods read Altered Destinies, another story of Anaklusmos14. Check it out. I will be listing the 100th, 1000th, 10000th, etc reader, follower, favoriter, and reviewer. Till next time.