spicy perfume and an uncomfortable churning of my stomach. She was ancient and wrinkly, like some hideous hag, and she was absolutely tiny. It was also evident that she was one of those awful old ladies who can't accept that their glory days are over, so they dress like teenagers to compensate for all their wrinkles. Hideous. She wore a pitch black leather jacket and had a mean look about her. I made a mental note to stay on her good side. She sat down in a desk in the front of the room, and that's when the dread hit me. Even if this was a dream, I was about to live through sixth grade math again. Of all the classes to retake, it had to be this one. Why did this have to happen to me? Is this because I'm in a coma and my mind wants me to wake up? Because I'm totally willing. Please, please let me wake up. This isn't even just because of the math. Please. But I didn't wake up. Actually, things got worse. "Amara Easterling?" called Mrs. Dodds, snapping me back to the present(?). She had a Southern accent, which might have been pleasant if it wasn't eight-thirty in the morning. Plus, it just wasn't pleasant. I can't even explain it. "You're not in your assigned seat. Now, honey…" I felt my mind go haywire, again, like there was something right in front of my face that I was missing. Like there was a clear block in my mind. "... why is that?" I heard some giggling behind me, and then Nancy whispering, "I can't believe she did it! What a ditz!" Phoebe, the girl who'd moved my stuff there in the first place, giggled in response. My cheeks reddened slightly, and I made a promise to myself to take revenge. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Dodds." I couldn't tell her I'd forgotten where my assigned seat was. She'd pass it on and the nurse or whoever was in charge of deciding whether I needed to see a doctor would decide I'd sustained some brain damage within the last couple of days. So, excuse or no excuse? I looked at her and decided that she was the no nonsense type. Go minimal. "I wasn't thinking about it." I stood up and turned around. Luckily, there was one empty spot that was pretty obviously mine, so I walked past my snickering classmates and sat down. "We are well over three-quarters through the year, Miss Easterling," Mrs. Dodds said, her voice hushed, but somehow echoing through the room. "See me after class." And just like that, she started talking about dividing fractions. I wasn't sure how I was going to get revenge on Nancy and Phoebe, but since I was half-sure this was a dream, I figured I'd go all out. I had several advantages over them. The first one, I thought, was intelligence. Just to be frank, I'm an intelligent person anyways. I've always been a thinker, which was why I was so shocked by the blurting and what I thought was pretty obvious lying to teachers. I had no problem using my intelligence against Phoebe and her freckled friend, and I really didn't think it was a half-bad idea to ruin their lives (here at school, anyways). I wouldn't do anything too awful, and even if I did… well, with a temper like mine, intelligence didn't always win out, even without the new impulsiveness I was experiencing. While Mrs. Dodds talked, I doodled absently in the margins. One of them was my baby brother, Josiah, running with his arms outstretched, but I started to fall into my mid-period slumber while I did the others. When I was awakened by the bell, I caught a glimpse of them just long enough to be disturbed before a slammed my book shut and jammed it in my bag. "Now honey," Mrs. Dodds said in her sweet old lady Georgian accent, "are you forgetting something?" I mentally swore and took the pink slip she was holding out. It doomed me to my first ever after-school detention (yes, including my 'real' school career). The old hag grinned at me as I left, and as that nostalgic feeling hit me and turned, I remembered my sketch: a bat-winged Mrs. Dodds with a mouthful of fangs, chewing at the head of a boy I'd never seen before. I would have to take care to erase that from the book, if I erased anything at all. Ø Oddly enough, it was the smallest thing that made me remember. Here's the thing; I hadn't forgotten. I think I already knew where I was, and what was going to happen within a matter of days. But I didn't like it, and so my brain tucked it into its depths so I could be safe it my own ignorance. It was enchilada day. Lucky for me, the cafeteria food at Yancy Academy was pretty good, or I would have starved before I even had a chance to remember. The aroma coming from the kitchens was incredible, and I was just about to run straight to it. That's what did it. I'd figured out Nancy Bobofit's last name, the name of the school, and I'd gone through three of Mr. Brunner's lessons, but what really brought me to attention was enchilada day. Because before I had a chance to run into the cafeteria, somebody else did: this crippled kid called Rover or something, who was scared shitless of Mrs. Dodds and sometimes hung out in Mr. Brunner's even after the bell rang. I saw him running, and then it hit me: that's Grover Underwood. And that guy behind him is Percy Jackson. PERCY. JACKSON. I did detention with a Fury. My Latin teacher is a centaur. Mother of God. Th-the gods. Damn it - I'm going to die. Gods. Gods. This is the world of Percy Jackson. Needless to say, I didn't have any enchiladas that day.