nearest town. By now Hazel and Rachel had awoken from the loud clatter of sounds. "What's going on?" Hazel asked, fright dripping in her voice. Her luminous eyes were broad in anxiety, glancing at Annabeth in trepidation. Piper took a few quivering breaths before stating, "It's Annabeth, obviously. I don't know what's going on, but i found her smashing bottles on the van. I think she's drunk and she has a fever and is bleeding everywhere… and oh god! I need to get her to a hospital." She began to hyperventilate. Rachel put a relaxing hand on the girl's tan shoulder. "Take a deep breath. It's going to be fine." Her voice was even and melodic, but even through the soothingness Piper heard Rachel's own jaggedness. Would everything be fine? Annabeth was in a state of highly questionable physical health and fractured mental health. She screamed at something unknown and stained the vinyl seats in fresh red. They had no cell service to call an ambulance and were an unknown distance from the last populated area. Piper pressed eighty-five on the fifty-five road. She wasn't sure everything would be fine. ~All Roads Lead to Us Line Break~ There was no one else in the drab waiting room. Piper paced tensely across the worn, gray carpet. Hazel and Rachel sat in the two lone chairs, holding each other's hand as they watched the door expectantly, waiting for the doctor to appear and announce Annabeth was out of surgery and safe in a bed. Piper silently acknowledged Hazel and Rachel's affection, having always suspected something more between them, but was too distraught to truly address their relationship. Besides, she pondered, they'd relieve their status to her when they were mentally and emotionally ready. "I'm gonna call Percy." Piper announced, finally stopping her anxious movement. Rachel's face paled. "I can't believe we forgot to call him." "That doesn't matter. There were a little more pressing concerns." Piper said as she dialed the number into her phone. She exited the room into the privacy of the illuminated, brightly white hallway. As rings persisted in her ear, she sank down onto the tile flooring, arching her back into the cool wall. It was probably around seven in the morning back home, she thought. Percy might not even be awake. Just as she was about to give up and end the call a groggy voice answered, "Hello?" Piper sighed with relief, resting her head on her hand as she tucked her knees into her petite body. "What's wrong?" Percy asked in an increasingly panicked voice. Piper could hear rustling in the background as Percy got out of his bed. She felt her body go rigid. Of course Percy would know something was wrong. Her tone of voice conveyed it all and the fact it was Piper calling instead of Annabeth made things oddly suspicious. "Okay I just want you to sit down and relax yourself because everything's going to be fine." Piper talked slowly. After waiting a moment to allow Percy to settle she continued, "It's Annabeth-" She wasn't able to finish her statement as Percy hurriedly interrupted her. "Annabeth?! What's wrong with her? Is she okay?" Percy was spitting words out faster than the speed of light as he approached a panic attack. He couldn't imagine anything happening to her. He'd be devastated if she were harmed in anyway. "Percy, calm down." Piper commanded in a forceful, but mellow tone. "She's fine. She's in surgery right now because she had been hemorrhaging bad;y. She lost a lot of blood, but we got her to the hospital just in time. The doctor had said a lot of other things, but it was all just complicated medical drama that I couldn't really understand. Now we're just waiting for her to be out of surgery. She'll need to stay in the hospital for a few days and once she's out I'm going to fly back to New York with her, since we're in Cali right now, but Rachel and Hazel will drive the van back." Piper took a deep breath in trying to relax her nerves that were going haywire with worry. Percy did the same. "I'm flying out there. Right now." Percy's voice was threaded with steel intransigent that Piper knew would take too much strength for her to break. "Percy, you can't. She doesn't need more stress. Adding more people to the equation will create stress." She sighed, fatigued as small sobs formed in her throat and guggled out of her mouth. She was just so done. Everything about the past hours had festered on her initial glory that had still thrived in her heart from the beginning of the road trip. She was drained, devoid of all the lush feelings that she had grown so used to accompanying her. Her elation had vanished, the glint in her eye had extinguished, the hope in her heart wilted away with each ticking second. On the other side of the country, Percy began to grow with alarm. He had not meant to make Piper cry, even if she had been on the verge of doing so without him. He only wanted to see Annabeth. His Annabeth. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I won't come. Just please let her know I'm thinking of her." Percy tried to console his friend." "Thank you." She whispered back, overflowing in her darkest mindset. ~All Roads Lead to Us Line Break~ The doctor arrived in the waiting room to find three sleeping girls, all holding on to each other. "Are you here for Annabeth?" He said, startling Piper awake. She looked at him and nodded. "She's all done. Perfectly healthy now. You can go see her, if you'd like." Piper smiled bittersweetly and nudged her other friends awake. Together, hand in hand, they walked the long, sterile corridors to Annabeth's room. Their road trip might have not gone as planned, but it remained true to what they all desired. They had had an adventure.