already act like mother and son. I'll admit I don't know if he'll be happy with it right away but I'm pretty sure he'll learn to accept it." When we got back to the house, Percy got Adam out of his car seat and I went to go open the door. I put our left overs in the fridge and when I walked back into the living room I saw Percy sitting on the couch with Adam on his lap, trying to wake him up. "Adam, wake up, we have something important to tell you." Percy told him as he lightly shook him awake. Adam finally woke up after a few more minutes of Percy, lightly, shaking him. "Adam we have something important to tell you." Percy started. "What is it? Is this the surprise?" Adam asked, looking fully awake now. "Yes. We're getting married." I told him. There was a moment of silence for a while before Adam grinned, "Yay!" Percy smiled at me in a way that said ' I told you so' before he told Adam, "Okay, now that we got that out of the way, it's time for bed mister." "I'll take him," I told Percy as I got up from my seat on the couch and pick Adam up and walked up the stairs towards his bedroom. When I had Adam in bed and in his pj's I asked Adam, "Adam, we need to talk." He just nodded his head, so I continued, "I know you're not happy with me marrying your father." "How did you know?" Adam asked, his voice muffled, from him hiding under the covers. "Because I did the same thing when my dad told me he was getting remarried, I acted as if I was happy for my dad but really I didn't want him to get married. I don't want to have the same kind of relationship with you as I did with my step-mother." I explained. "I just want you to know that, Adam, I will never replace your mother and I don't want to. I want you to feel comfortable with me and maybe someday feel like I really am your mother. I know it may seem like your father has forgotten about your mother, but I know he hasn't, he never will. She gave him you and for that he will always love her. I'm telling you this Adam, because I don't want you to grow up thinking I'm trying to replace your mother or that your father forgot about her because of me. I just don't want you to hate me." Adam looked at me and replied, "I don't hate you Anniebeth. I never will. Thank you for telling me that. I'm much happier that you're marrying my daddy. I'm happy you're marrying him and not Rachel, she wasn't all that fun. And, Anniebeth, I already think of you like my own mother." I smiled, relieve we had this talk and pulled him into a hug. I pulled away and kissed him on the forehead before I tucked him back in before I told him, "I'm glad we had this talk, now it's time for bed." I got up from my position on his bed and started to walk out the room. Right before I turned off the lights Adam spoke, "Annie?" "Hmm?" I asked as I turned around to face him. "I love you," Adam told me as he looked at me from under the covers. I was so shocked that it froze me but thankfully I recovered in a few seconds. I looked Adam in the eye, smiling as I told him, "I love you, too Adam." The last thing I saw before I turned out the lights was Adam smiling at me. As I turned to walk out of his room I saw Percy slowly start to creep back into our room. I stood outside of Adam's door and waited until Percy was in our room before I went in. As soon as I got into the room I changed into a tank top and comfortable short shorts. Percy was already in bed when I climbed in. He was lying on his back and I laid my head on his chest. I looked up at Percy, who was looking at the ceiling, before I asked, "So, Perce, why were you spying on Adam and I?" Percy looked down at me in surprise before he asked, "How did you know that?" "You should be quicker when you leave," I laughed. Percy groaned before saying, "I went to see what was taking you so long to put him to sleep so I came up to check on you guys when I heard you talking to him. You're amazing you know that? I don't think I could have done what you did." "Did you hear what he told me before I walked out of his room?" I asked him. "No." "He told me he loved me." I smiled up at Percy as he smiled down at me. "Of course he does. You found his way into his little heart and now that you did he loves you to pieces. And you did the same thing to his father. I love you so much, Anna," "I love you more, Percy," I mumbled into his bare chest as he drew patterns in my back. Soon, Percy fell asleep and I followed him shortly after. Soooo, how did I do? Was it good for the first chapter? I bet you guys didn't expect the unhappiness from Adam did you? But please tell me how you liked it! I'll try to update soon! Sorry, if anyone was OOC. Also, I have decided that I will do most of my writing during the summer. Cause that way I'll have more free time to write. I might post something during the school year if I have time but if not don't expect anything during the school year. Until Next Time, ~booklover484 :D