the box on my lap, I knew who had really given it to me, Collin, my brother. My mom stared at the box like it was a disease and every one else pretended there was nothing there. The wood of the box was cherry maple and it had small glass plates that covered most of the wood on the outside. I studied the box and noticed there was a bluebird drawn on the lid. I slowly opened the box and a sweet gentle melody filled the room. On the inside a little bluebird spun around on a spring. I watched the bird spin and spin until the song ended. When it ended a little drawer I hadn't noticed before, sprung open. It was on the outside front of the box. Inside the petite drawer was a beautiful silver locket and a letter written on sky blue paper. I pulled out the locket first and tried to open it, it was locked. Next I grabbed the letter, I wasn't expecting what I found. Dear Bluebird, We're finaly 15! I thought it would never happen. We don't get to talk alot with the steppers around so I planned a little somthing for tonight. You probably noticed the locket is locked, I've got the key, you can ask me for it later. I know this is going to sound weird but, I feel strange. Almost like somthing is about to happen. Dad wishes he could be here for your birthday but his job calls him away. I love you Bluebird. Love, Collie. I wanted to cry and scream at the same time. "Collin went out with your dad a week before the accident. They bought that box and hid it some where in the attic. I thought it was still there." my mother didn't even look remotely sad. I had been in the hospital for a full day if today was my birthday. I missed the last day of school, I wanted to see Nell and I wanted to see him now. I grabbed my mothers hand and wrote on it with my finger 'Nell'. "He's here, he has been waiting in the lobby for a while" I pointed at the door then at me. "You want to see him?" my mom guessed. I nodded violently. In a few minutes Nell was standing in the door, his eyes were red and puffy from crying and his cloths were wrinkled. Instead of addressing me he turned to my mom. "I have to get her to the camp, she won't be safe until she's there" his voice was scratchy but steady. I had no clue what they were talking about. "I agree, as much as I hate it, I agree. I've got her bag here" My mom said, picking up my backpack. It was full, of what I didn't know. Nell then turned to me "There's a camp on long island where people like you are safe. They can learn and train and be, themselves" I must have looked confused because Nell spoke again "I know you know about the Greek gods, and I know you know that they are still alive today." I nodded to tell him I was still with him. "Your right. The gods move with western civilization right now Mount Olympus is above the Empire state building and the Underworld is in LA, got it?" I nodded. He was right, I knew it. "Your dad, he's one of the Greek or Roman gods, we don't know which one yet though" I was struggling to process this. I was a demigod? I looked at my mom. "He's right my dear" she said. "I fell for a god". "I don't know which one though" a tear slipped down her face. "I thought he was here to take you away to Olympus" she cried. "Wait" Nell said "Her dad was here?" his face was priceless, I nodded. "Well, has he ever visited before?" Nell asked. "Lots of times" my mom replied. "I'm sorry ma'am, but I can smell monsters closing in. We need to go" My mom nodded and then leaned over and gave me a big hug. I sat up and got out of bed. I dressed quickly and put on my shoes. I joined Nell in the lobby and looked at the clock on the wall, 3:56 P.M. Outside, the sky was cloudy and gray. Nell pulled his jacket tighter around him but I felt fine. He must have been sensitive to the cold. We walked to the side of the road and hailed a taxi. We got in and Nell gave the man an address. On the way Nell was silent. "Why don't you talk?" Nell asked suddenly. I gave him a look that said, 'Really?'. Nell sighed and turned to look back out the window. About an hour later we were on long island. "Here is good" Nell said. The cabby pulled over and said "Are you sure?". "Yes, thank you" Nell said. He handed the cabby a wad of cash and got out. I followed him closely. After the cabby pulled away, Nell began climbing the hill in front of us. At the top of the hill sat a huge pine tree with a gold blanket on it and a big greenish blue thing wrapped around the trunk. We were almost there when my calf exploded in pain and I was ripped back down the slope. I hit the ground, hard, and felt pain shoot through my spine. I was trying to get up when suddenly I was in the air again. I finally saw what was lifting me. I then realized that it wasn't lifting me with hands. A huge dog had it's teeth sunken into my right leg and was lifting me by it. The dog whipped it's head and I went flying back. My head smacked against a tree and I blacked out. The last thing I saw was a familiar looking centaur charging the dog.