I compliment him back. "You look… you're just so…" Percy trails off looking me up and down. Again… Uncomfortable! "Thanks, but seriously. Even with these huge, clunky casts?" I challenged shaking my head. "I'm serious. You look absolutely stunning." He whispers as he steps closer to me backing me against the wall. I look into his eyes. They're so beautiful. I don't think any color of green could describe them right. The emotion there… it's all so real. They're so filled with love and have always been. I don't think he knows how head over heals I've always been for him. He starts leaning in. No matter how tempted I am to have a full blown make out session with him right then and there, we have a reservation to get to. So I give him a quick peck on his lips and slip out (as gracefully as I can with casts) under his arm. "Annabethhhh!" He pouts as he draws out my name. I keep walking grabbing my jacket and handing him his, "What?" I ask innocently. "You can't just do that to me!" He sulks taking his jacket. "Do what?" I ask again. "Dress all beautiful and not let me kiss you!" Percy complains like a 4 year old about not getting cookies. I blush against my own will. "Well we have a reservation to get to. Maybe when we get back I'll let you." I wink at him before walking out the door letting him gape at me. The ride there was long. Especially with all the detours from the accident. A month later and the city's still cleaning up. That was such a bad day… I quickly shake my head to get rid of the thoughts. Today was a happy day and I won't let anything ruin it. The long ride was definitely worth it. We drove down to this nice restaurant right on the beach. We had an amazing view from our seats. But the food was even better. We had a really nice and long dinner talking about little things. After dinner, we decided to go for a walk on the beach (My leg was getting better…). We sat down at the edge of the water. It was dark, but the stars and the moon lit everything up. I looked around us and gasped. This was the place where Percy and I first me. The place where we became a couple. The place where he proposed. And will soon be the place were I tell him about our child. Percy noticed my gasp and looked over at me, smiling with a thoughtful look in his eyes. He looked at me expectantly like he was waiting for me to talk. "Percy… I have to tell you something." I looked down nervous as to how to tell him. He suddenly looked nervous too. His smile dropped and eyes widened. "Is everything okay? Did something happen? Are you feeling alright? Did something bad happen? Are you going to… leav-" "God no!" I cut him off and relief flooded his face, "I would never leave you. We promised. Anyways, I thought it was time to tell you… why I…" I gestured to my arm and leg with my good hand. "I was worried about you, so I went out and started to look for you. I was walking over rubble when I spotted this little girl. Her leg was stuck under a piece that was holding up a big pile of rubble. I couldn't just let her stay there, so I lifted it up and told her to run. I let go of the concrete slab and ran. But I tripped and the concrete piled over me. As I lay there I couldn't help but think how I failed." He frowned at this, but I continued, "How I failed to listen to you, protect myself and our family." With this she reached out and took his hands in mine and put them on my stomach. "I thought I saved this little girl only to kill possibly mine." His eyes widened and looked from me down to his hands on my stomach like he could already see signs. I took a deep breath before continuing. "I thought I was going to die. But when I woke up next to you I was so relieve. But I couldn't help thinking that the baby didn't make it. The last day we were in the hospital and after you left, I did an ultrasound. I found out that… we're going to be parents!" I finished out of breath. I looked up at Percy who seemed like he couldn't decide if he wanted to look at my eyes or my stomach more. He finally settled on my eyes. His were filled with so much love and happiness that I couldn't take it anymore. I launched my self into his arms and kissed him with all of my power. He did the same back to me. We both were laughing and smiling in between kisses. Once in a while he would lean down to kiss my stomach and I would laugh harder. After a while, we finally calmed down. I was laying on Percy's arm smiling like a maniac. "Annabeth?" "Hmm?" "Thanks." "For what?" "Everything. Saving that little girl and being a hero, risking your life and our baby's to save her. Having the baby. Coming back to me, loving me, being my wife…" When he finished he placed a kiss on the top of my head. "Then thank you too. For being a hero and risking your life to save anyone everyday. Thank you for believing in me, for staying with me, being the father of my baby, loving me, and being my amazing husband." I compliment him back looking into his amazing eyes. I pressed a sweet kiss against his lips. "I love you, my Wise Girl." I had to laugh at the old nickname. "I love you too, my Seaweed Brain."