fit over the engagement ring. It was the same style, but each said different things. On the left side of Annabeth's engagement ring out sit the word Wise. On the other side, would sit the word Girl. It would be Wise on the left, the owl in the middle, and Girl on the right. Same with Percy's, only on the left would be Seaweed, the trident in the middle, and Brain on the right. Tyson designed them and they were perfect. She took the ring and slipped it into place on his 4th finger, left hand. She launched into her vow. "You are single handily the most annoying, arrogant, big headed person I've ever known, but you are loyal to a fault, caring, compassionate, loving, funny, and the best thing to happen to me. Your pros outweigh your cons, but that doesn't matter. Both your pros and cons are what make you, you, and I wouldn't have you any other way. You are my Seaweed Brain and I love you, just the way you are, because that is the amazing, handsome, generous boy I fell in love with, and I'm not about to climb out of this hole we've dug together. I love you Perseus Jackson, and no small thing such as amnesia," Annabeth shot a look at Hera, "Would ever break us apart." Percy's eyes pricked with tears and the biggest, goofiest, grin he's ever had on his face, spread across his face, stretching his cheeks to the max. He took Annabeth's wedding ring and slipped it on her slender finger. He took a deep breath and started his vow. "You are stubborn and headstrong. Every feature you ever had, makes you the beautiful, smart, godly person you are today. I know that you don't like to be controlled, so together, we'll reign life in and take it step by step to our heroes welcome. I'm beyond joyed to start a family with you. You are my Wise Girl and I'll be content with just waking up each morning, knowing that you are mine. I love you Annabeth Chase and with every stupid quest, I find myself falling harder and harder, until I would eventually hit the bottom. Today, I've not just hit he bottom, I've gone through the cement. I've fallen head over heels for you, I can't get back up, and nothing will change that. I promise, I will never leave you, as you have been left plenty times in your life. You need a rock to stand on. I will be that rock. I will be your support. I will be there for you, wherever the fates take our lives, just know that I will never let you go." Annabeth smiled, a pure smile that only Percy got out of her. Small tears fell down her cheeks. Percy leaned over and wiped them away. Chiron continued, but until the questions came, the two demigods were in their own little world. Then, the questions came. "Do you, Annabeth Justice Chase, take, Perseus Orion Jackson, to be your lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, in rich and in poor, till death do you part? Although, death won't keep you two from each other." Chiron said and the audience laughed. Annabeth pursed her lips. "Well, this is a big decision. It could effect my whole life. I could have thought this through more," Percy's eyes widened. Would she really back out now. "But I don't think that even Tartarus could keep us apart. Literally, we escaped the God and the god-forsaken place. Even if I wanted to, my heart wouldn't let me. It has a mind of its own, so here is my reply. Yes, I do." She grinned at Percy and he let out a breath he didn't even know he was holding. "Do you, Perseus Orion Jackson, take, Annabeth Justice Chase, to be your lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, in rich and in poor, till death do you part?" "Is Annabeth smart?" Every one cracked up. Percy smiled sheepishly at Annabeth who was rolling her eyes. "Yes, I do." The couple interlocked hands and gazed into each other's eyes. "By the power vested in me by the great Olympians, I now pronounce these heroes, Man and Wife. Percy, you know what to do." Percy smiled and swooped Annabeth up in his arms. He twirled her and dipped her. He leaned down and she met him halfway and they kissed in the one place they truly grew up. As they kissed, the audience got up and cheered. As they broke away, Percy brought Annabeth up and they waved to the crowd. Sally and Paul were in the left side, clapping while Sally was crying very hard. Poseidon and Athena were standing side by side, clapping and smiling. Fredrick and Susan were doing the same as Sally and Paul. All the campers were clapping and smiling, even Clarisse, and the whole Aphrodite Cabin were dissolving in tears, including their mom. Mrs. O' Leary was barking and howling. Percy took his new wife in his arms and kissed her again. Then, all the campers that were there at the night following the 2nd Titan War, surges forward. They picked them up and carried them to the canoe lake. They dumped the two in and Percy just smirked. He made Annabeth her own personal bubble and not a hair on her head was disturbed. Percy kissed her once again and then made a boat out of water. They climbed in and there was a dome of air surrounding them. The boat climbed to the tips and it broke surface to see all the campers waiting for them. Percy drove the boat up to the dock and helped Annabeth out after he got out. They ran through camp, laughing and smiling, and they ran right down the hill, not looking back as they started their new life together, with each other. Read! Love! Review! BookLover86, Out! ;)