access to his open mouth. Nico stifled a moan as Percy ran his tongue over the other boy's lower lip, his hands slowly winding around the neck of the boy beneath him. Percy fondled the hem of Nico's sweater, his tongue circling the inside of the other boy's mouth, before he slowly slid his hands under the boy's sweater. Nico tensed, breaking the kiss and putting his hands on Percy's shoulders to try and push himself away. Percy pulled him back fiercely, yanking the boy's top up to reveal his body. If possible, Nico looked worse than the last time he'd seen him. His stomach was nonexistent, there was just the tightly stretched skin curved inwards. His ribs were literally skin and bones; he could run his fingers along the cavity between one rib and the other. His hipbones jutted out and they were so sharp against his skin Percy actually feared they'd cut it. Nico pulled himself away violently, nearly toppling off the side of the couch before scrambling off it and covering himself again. Percy just watched him in disbelief. "Th..Nico, there is no way I just saw that." Nico shifted his weight, his arms crossed protectively over his chest. "Nico," the son of Poseidon started, standing to move closer to the smaller boy, "you've been eating ! I've watched you ! And you haven't been getting rid of it either! So what. Is. Going. On." "Ifentbenting." Nico muttered, refusing to look at the boy across from him. "Use English!" Percy snapped, immediately regretting it when Nico cringed. "I was!" "Well what did you say?" "I SAID I HAVEN'T BEEN EATING!" The silence was deafening and endless before Nico apparently couldn't take it and continued. "I tried, I tried so hard because no one wants to deal with someone like me. Everyone has their own burdens, no one wants to have to carry someone else's too. No one wants to deal with someone this sick ," he spat the word out, his tone acidic, "and why should they have to? I'm literally good for nothing, nothing , but causing people problems, and everyone knows it! Camp knows it, Olympus knows, even my own dad has told me before! I can't do anything right, I can't even be a normal person right. I'M FUCKING USELESS AND I WANT TO DIE!" Percy wanted to cry, but it wasn't his place. It was Nico's, and even though he wasn't crying, he looked like he was about to. "Nico, I-" "No SHUT UP! Shut up shut up shut up! I don't deserve you being nice to me, I don't deserve you even fucking dealing with me! Every time you say something it makes things worse! Just shut UP !" Nico let himself drop to the ground and curl up into a ball, his hands wrapped around his head as he sat there, but Percy still couldn't hear him crying. The son of Poseidon walked over to him, and, when Nico made no signs of protest, he bent down and hugged him tightly, kissing the top of his head and rubbing his back, where he could trace out the path of the boy's spine. He could literally feel his heart cracking as it broke. Percy continued to soothe the boy, rubbing his back and rocking him in his embrace, kissing his head and eventually he even began to hum. It took a long time before Nico began to gradually calm down, his breathing slowing into shallow breaths with the occasional hiccup. He squirmed a little bit so as to wipe his eyes, and Percy kissed his forehead, then the tip of his runny nose, then his swollen lips. "I made a promise," Percy whispered, finally speaking, "and even if it's going to be difficult, and sometimes it may seem hopeless or a waste of time or we may just feel like giving up, I'd be honored if you let me help you get better." Nico sniffled and eventually nodded, defeated. "Just one question," Percy said, and he could practically hear Nico roll his eyes. "Yeah?" "How did you manage not eating? Like, obviously you have, but I've been watching you. And you seemed to be eating fine." "I was using shadow travel," Nico said hesitantly, refusing to meet the other boy's eyes. "It would usually drain me, but it worked." Percy shook his head in disbelief. "You're an ingenious little shit, aren't you?" Nico shifted so he could dig his face into Percy's sweatshirt, and Percy could feel his smirk against his chest. "Don't curse, Percy, you aren't a sailor." "Psht," Percy responded, chuckling, "Like Hades I'm not." And he dug his nose into the younger boy's head of hair, breathing in the incense and pomegranate as Nico laughed. Yea, they were going to be fine. A.n. I spoiled the ending of HIMYM for myself for this :| AND THEN I REFRAINED FROM SPOILING IT FOR YOU GUYS. YOU'RE WELCOME. P.s. Angry Nico, be careful, your Karkat is showing :T As for what Nico was saying in Italian: Io ucciderò il chiunque permesso che ciò accadesse. Uccideteli! Senza pietà = I will kill anyone who allowed this to happen. Kill them! no mercy! and the other one is, like Nico told Percy, 'motherfucker', but the technical translation is 'those who go to our mothers ass' (Idk if they're incorrect or inaccurate my bad I had to use google translate and some site I found with a bunch of Italian swear words) So, uh, I might write an epilogue for this, I have yet to decide. Depends. and guys, please review this if you like it. This is probably the most difficult thing I've ever written and I'm proud of it and you don't understand how happy you'll make me to know you guys actually like it. So please. (also this is posted on ao3 too on my account WrittenInWonderland) ALSO I HAVE NEVER WRITTEN MAKEOUT SCENES SO IF IT SUCKS IM SORRY KBYE