two from his grin. It was nice to see my father like this. "What would I do without you?" He stood to kiss my forehead. "Probably start the apocalypse, then murder Travis." I smirked. He laughed. "His jokes are just so annoying!" He teased. I laughed with him. Also you're terrified of any other human being besides me and you think that the world is out to get you which is why you won't eat my pancakes because you think l poisoned them, but you will drink my coffee because you can tell if it's been altered. After getting my dads coffee, I patiently waited for Travis so show up so I would have something to do. In the mean time, I organized my bookshelf about eight times. Biggest to tallest. Tallest to biggest. Color order. Favorite order. The order in which I read them. My progress order. (Finished to not finished.) Then publish date. Author. I put them into stacks. Then I heard a knock. Travis. Sighing, I put the last of my books back on the shelf and ran down the stairs, sliding when I got to the laundry room. I saw him wave from the other side and I unlock the window, which is about waist high, and open it. "Good Morning, Annie." He grinned. "Wait here, I made pancakes." "Aw, its fine I already ate-" "Chocolate pancakes." "I really shouldn't-" "With maple syrup." "Anna-" "And coffee." "Fine. But I will no longer tolerate this kind of peer pressure." I laughed at his face and ran to the kitchen. I got his food and brought it back to him. "So, whaddidya get me?" I asked as soon as he took a bite. I know that I don't have much manners but I really don't get to practice them often. He handed me a bag filled with coffee and way to many bags of carrots, meats and other necessary foods, and books. I also noticed a ton of pieces of notebook paper and colored pencils. "Okay, what's with the carrots? My eye sight can't be that bad." He laughed. "Conner and I, Conners my younger brother, played a prank on some of our friends and we have a lot of left over carrots." He took a sip of coffee. "I don't even want to know the specifics." I ruffled through the bag some more. "And what about these?" I held up the paper and pencils. "Oh," He wiped off his hands over his plate, then pushed it to the side. There was surprisingly a lot of space for a window sill. "That is for letters." "Letters?" "Well, you always mention how bored you are so I figured you could start like a diary or something. Katie had one of those. I read it once and it was all about her crush from the fifth grade and how nice his eyes were." He cringed. "You're writing is it not going to be that bad, so I figured you'd want this. It's just something that all teenage girls do, so I wanted to let you in on the loop." He smiled. "Thanks Travis." I grinned, thinking of all the possibilities, all the stories, everything I'd write about. "Also I wanted to show you how to make a paper air plane, cause everyone needs to know how to make a paper airplane. Plus, you'll never know when it'll come in handy." We spent the next hour making paper airplanes and trying to fly them. It was difficult, with Travis outside and me in, but eventually, my turned out better than his. "You're a natural!" He said. We laughed and joked until he was called by Katie. I picked up all the paper we wasted and found that I only had about five sheets of paper left. Bummer. I went to shove them in the bag only to find another giant stack of paper next to my new colored pencils. This will be fun. For, like, the millionth time that day, I sprinted into my room and threw myself into my desk chair, it tried to spin away, but I put my hands on my desk and pulled myself in. I put my paper and colored pencils on the desk and picked out a grey color, my favorite color, and my new favorite colored pencils and wrote my first letter. When I was finished, I folded my letter just the way that Travis taught me too. Then I stood with my paper air plane, that had words written in every corner, and walked to my window. I was about to throw it out into the world, when I chickened out and tossed the airplane into the neighbors house, straight through the open window right across from mine. It made it in, surprisingly. I knew that no one would read it. No one from Outside would ever live for me. Because no one would ever live in that house. I didn't even think about what would happen if someone did, but it didn't matter. I finished putting away the rest of my paper and pencils, then I closed my window and put away the food. I told my dad that Travis had visited and had already left and that food was in the fridge blah blah blah. Then I fell asleep how I always do, on the couch with a movie on. It's the most teenage thing I've ever done, and am aloud to do. Today it was Princess Bride. I slept with a smile on my face, dreaming of Outside, dreaming of living. A/N/ I can't promise that I'll update soon because I'm in the middle of another story, but I've had this idea for so long that I knew that I had to do it. if I offended anyone with how I portrayed Fredrick, Annabeth's dad, and his illness, please let me know through pm and I will do the best that I can to fix it. Remember to review please!!