for you" I say seriously. "I know. I dont know what came over me, you need to rest now." Annabeth said laying my head back down. " Will you sleep with me? You dont have to if you dont want to." I ask hopefully. "Of course I will, here, lets go back to your room." She says, helping me back to my room. When we lay back down, I nuzzle into her and she wraps her arms around me. "Its okay honey, just rest, im here," She says softly. "I know Annabeth, Thank you" I mumble in her chest. The last thing I hear before I fall asleep is, "Go to sleep Percy, I love you" I wake up feeling a lot better, I think I have broke the fever. All thanks to Annabeth. I am still in the same position I fell asleep in, Snuggled up inside Annabeths chest, I hear her say, "You up baby? I you slept like a rock." " You stayed here with me? You couldve got up and watched TV or something, I would have been fine." "No its okay, You looked so peaceful when you were asleep." "I bet you saw that I drool huh?" I ask curiously. "Mmm, Yea I did, but I think its cute." "Sure you do" "No really I do! Its adorable" She says defensively. "I feel alot better, now. Thanks" I say gratefully. "Well im glad. Now come on, its already 3 o'clock in the afternoon." We get up and head to the living room, and sit down on the couch, She asks, "What do you want to do now?" "No I think you should decide what we do, you have been taking care of me for all of today so far." "I want to sit here. With you, Cuddling, relaxing. I like times like these." "Then thats exactly what we will do." I say as I press my lips to hers. She doesnt hesitate to kiss back. After a while like that I finally say, "Wanna watch some movies? I will make popcorn?" I say to her. "Yea, id like that alot Percy, Thanks" "Only returning the favor. You did take care of me today" "Yea, cause I love you and care about you, you didnt need to return any favors" "And you should know I would do the exact same for you." I say kissing her on her forehead. I get up and start the popcorn, I make two bags cause im almost positive I will eat one all by myself. While im doing this, Annabeth is picking out the video. When I walk back in the room, I see Annabeth looking pretty excited. "Whats got you all excited?" I ask her curiously. "Only the fact that you have Braveheart. The #1 Inspirational movie of all time!" She practically yells. "So I guess you wanna watch that?" I ask her sarcastically. "Of course I do! Wait that was sarcasm wasnt it?" I nod and laugh a little. "Well I dont care, now get me my popcorn, and I may forgive you." She says defiantly. I hand her the popcorn, and ask her, "Am I forgiven yet?" She kissed my cheek, "You didnt need forgiveness. I was just too lazy to get up." "Aw man I was used! By my own girlfriend!" I mumble. All she does is laugh. "I love you Percy. Do you believe what they all say Percy? That we wont last? Cause I dont." She states. "Well Annabeth I sure do hope we make it past high school. I have a feeling that I wont be leaving your side anytime soon." I say resting my head on hers. "I wish my parents were more like us, together still, my mom just left me on my dads porch when I was a baby, she left him." She says quietly. "Left my father in pursuits of her own dreams. I met her once. She said all I was, was an accident." "Then you are the best accident to ever happen Annabeth." I say turning her to face me. "You are the most importent person in my life, besides my family." "And you are the most importent person in my life, ever." She replies back to me nuzzling in my chest. "What about your father? I mean shouldnt he be most importent?" I ask her confused. "Well he does try to be a good father but if he had it his way, he wouldnt choose to take care of me..." She say quietly. " You are differemt Percy. I feel that you are the first person to ever love me for who I am." "Well im glad I mean so much to you cause im never gonna leave your side, okay? You and me, Annabeth. Always." All she does in hug me so tight I am gasping for air when she relaxes. "Thank you, Percy. Well its getting late and I have to go home tomorrow... Better go to sleep... Come with me?" She asks getting up. "Of course Annabeth. Why would I miss out on an opportunity like this?" I say sweeping Annabeth off her feet and start to carry her to her bedroom, "Percy! I can walk myself there." She complains. "I know you can, but I wanna do this for you." I smirk. "Fine..." She grumbles. We get into the bed and she asks, " Can I lay on top of you?" "Uh sure, Annabeth, you are my girlfriend right?" I ask curiously. She looks up at me and says, "Yes of course I am. I would never, EVER leave you.", Then she lays down on top of me and puts her head on my chest. "I love you so much Annabeth" I say kissing her forehead. "I love you too, Percy" She mumbles, falling asleep. Authors Note: Okay so im not too sure about this plot. I wont make a second chapter till I get 10 reviews. So yea. booyah111oak2 signing off.