in a corner of the room. "Its all his fault!" One kid screamed. "He's a freak." "Nobody even likes him." "What a moron." The teacher walked to her desk and started to fill out a pass. She walked up to the kid in the corner. "Take this and go to the principal's office." The black haired kid took it and rushed out of the room. They followed him. The kid walked down the hallway with his head down. They all entered a room labeled Principal's Office. They boy knocked on the door and stood back to wait. They all stood there awkwardly for a minute before the door finally opened. A man walked out and looked at the boy standing there and sighed. He waved him in. The six teens huddled in the corner as the little boy sat in the chair on the opposite side. "What did you do this time Percy?" The principal questioned. "Nothing! I swear!" He rushed, leaning forward in his seat as he said this. "It's not like I knew the sink was going to explode onto the whole class! It just happened! Honestly!" Percy threw his hands up. (The six were all laughing knowing that Percy really did make the sink explode.) The principal sighed. "I'm going to send you home with a note. I'll call your parents and have them pick you up." Percy looked down and nodded. "I'm sorry Mr. B. I'll try harder." The principal's eyes softened. "You are a good kid, Percy. Don't let Mrs. Fill get to you." Percy nodded and got up slowly. "I guess. I'll go get my stuff." Mr. B smiled sadly. "I'll call your house." Percy left the room and went to packed up his stuff. The six stayed in the office to hear the phone call. Mr. B sighed and picked up the phone. He dialed a number and put it up to his ear. They all waited awkwardly. "Hello, is this the Jackson household?" Mr. B asked. They heard a voice reply, but it was too quiet to hear. Mr. B flinched. "Somewhat. He needs to be picked up from school." The voice replied. "I'm sorry for the inconvenience, but it's school policy. Have a nice day, sir." Mr. B put the phone down in a rush. The six walked out of the room into the waiting room where Percy sat with his backpack. He was tapping his fingers on the armrest and shifting in his seat. His breathing was slightly fast as if he sprinted the whole way there. They all waited. Finally after about 20 minutes the walrus walked into the room. It scowled at Percy. "Get up, boy. We're leavin' right now," Walrus snarled. Percy was shaking as he stood up and walked out with the man walrus. The six rushed into the car before Percy could close the door. (Percy was literally sitting inside of Jason) The ride was silent except for the grumbles of the overweight man driving the vehicle. They arrived at a trashy looking apartment in the back of the city. Percy followed the man up the stairs into a room labeled 61. It was the same dumpy apartment from before. The minute they walked into the door, walrus grabbed Percy and threw him onto the floor. "I bought you a new treat, brain boy," the man laughed and pulled off a belt hanging over the side of a kitchen chair. Percy tried to get away, but the man stepped on his arm. A loud snap was heard and Percy screamed in pain. (The six were all watching in horror and disgust.) The man stuffed a handkerchief from his pocket into the green eyed boy's mouth. He took the whip and snapped it once causing Percy to flinch. The man cackled. He raised it up and snapped it against Percy's back. Percy screamed and tears filled his eyes. (For the first time in his life, Jason saw Annabeth cry.) Percy was malnourished, so the belt was basically hitting his bones. The man repeated his actions until Percy passed out from pain. He stayed awake for 9 lashes. The scene changed. They were all standing in a playground of a school. The kids were all huddled up in a corner of the playground. The six walked over to the group. A black haired boy was laying on the ground covered in dirt. The group of kids were all kicking him and throwing rocks at him. (The six were all yelling, but the kids couldn't hear them.) "Freak," one kid spat. "Go die!" "You don't have any friends so why are you even here?" "Retard!" "You deserve this!" A teacher glanced in their direction, but kept walking. They were suddenly pulled back to reality. . . . Jason sat up slowly and blinked his eyes. He looked around and saw everyone but Percy doing the same. The son of Poseidon was laying on the ground and staring up at the clouds, unblinking. "I saw you guys in my head." Percy looked at each of them. "I know you saw all of that." Annabeth took a shaky breath, "that's what you were trying to tell me last night? You were trying to tell me about that fat man abusing you?" Percy nodded. "Why didn't you tell us?" Hazel asked quietly. There was a pause. "Because ignorance is bliss." Percy grinned slightly. Fin A/N So this is kind of awkward. How'd it go? Good, bad, trashy? I don't really know what I'm doing. Hope it's not too obvious. I tried to use periods for line breaks instead of some weird dots so hopefully they work okay. List of shoutouts: Shoutout to Ed Sheeran for keeping me focused with his majestic voice. Shoutout to the people reading my story. Shoutout to my nonexistent fans. Shoutout to Rick Riordan for writing my favorite character of all time. PJs the real MVP. Apologizing now for grammar mistakes, spelling mistakes, and bad description mistakes.