he had to force himself to speak. "W-who're you?" he whimpered, his hand clutched to his chest. He faltered a little, expecting to feel a pounding heart but instead he felt… nothing. No slamming heartbeat to match the pounding of blood in his ears. "What did you do to me?" The man walked towards him slowly, ignoring the way Nico shrank away. He squeezed his eyes shut as the man's fingers slid through his hair. His eyes flashed open. His body remembered the touch. "Perhaps it's better… to simply show you." Nico was confused at the man's words until he smelt it. His stomach roared and he practically moaned, moving towards the scent. His fingers latched around the man's wrist and he pulled it close, tongue sliding across the cut on his wrist. He could smell it so strongly. The thick copper of blood. It was amazing. He drank hungrily, his stomach's growling subsiding a little. The man moved closer to him, his fingers tangling in Nico's hair before sliding across his forehead, pulling his back against his chest. His arms were around Nico, hand to his forehead and wrist to his lips as he purred in his ear. Nico moaned and let his fangs slide over the man's wrist. It wasn't until Nico was sated that he finally registered what he'd just done. His knees weakened and he was suddenly thankful for the arms around him as they caught him. "What did you do to me," Nico breathed, barely a whisper. The man hummed and licked a line up the side of Nico's neck. Nico's eyes futtered shut and he unconsciously tilted his head to the side to allow the man more access to his neck. "You're like me, now, Nico. A vampire like me. And you're mine. I made you. I saved your life." Nico practically sobbed. He hadn't asked for this. "You're the one who killed me," he said, voice gaining some of the lost strength and threatening tears even as he bit his lip to hold back a moan from the way the man sucked at his neck. "Would you rather be dead?" the man asked, licking at Nico's ear lobe. "You are alive because of me. You will live forever because of me. You can do anything because of me… How old are you, Nico?" Nico trembled a little, leaning back against the man's chest even as his mind screamed at him to run. His body seemed to have other ideas. It was like he craved this man for reasons other than because he was hot. "16," he whispered. "H-how old are you?" He wasn't sure why he asked, but he figured it was best to make conversation since this situation could go many ways and he wasn't sure he liked any of them. The man laughed. It was a nice sound, all things considered. "1, 734. Unless you're asking how old I look. The answer to that question is 19." Nico felt dizy. This was ridiculous. He would have believed he was still dreaming if it wasn't for the very real feeling of the man's lips against his skin. "What's your name?" Nico asked softly, hating the vulnerability in his voice. The man kissed Nico's jaw. "Perseus. But call me Percy. You're mine now, Nico. I will give you anything you want as long as you do as you're told. Do you understand?" Nico swallowed thickly and chewed his lip. He hissed a little as he realized how sharp his teeth were. He tried not to think about that. How bad could this possibly be, he wondered. A psychopathic man had kidnapped him, turned him into a vampire and now wanted to treat him like a belonging. But… what were Nico's other options? If he really was a vampire and was doomed to that life forever, what else was he supposed to do? He had no idea how this worked. He couldn't even make his claws or fangs go away. Even if he did learn to control this thing inside him, where would he live? He couldn't very well go home. He rarely went home anyways and when he did it was like walking into a warzone. A neglectful father who was never home, a stepmother who could care less about him and acted like an angel when his father was around. An older sister who had taken off with a bunch of her friends and left him when he was still in middle school. He wasn't even sure if she was still alive. He wasn't even out of highschool and he was standing in front of a life changing decision. How was that fair? "You'll… take care of me?" he asked skeptically, glancing up at Percy as felt the echo of a gnawing in is stomach despite the deliciously satisfied feeling. Percy just hummed and nodded, lifting Nico's chin and turning his head enough to brush his lips over Nico's in a chaste kiss. "You will want for nothing." Nico had stopped breathing at the kiss-not that he needed to breathe any more, he noted grumpily-before letting out a breathy laugh. "Do you always talk like you're from a cheesy Dracula movie, or is it just on special occasions?" Percy blinked in surprise and laughed loudly, pulling Nico against his chest in what could only be described as a cuddled hug. "Just on special occasions. I haven't been a sire in a few hundred years so I'm a bit rusty. You wanna watch a movie?" Nico blinked and chuckled softly. Maybe he could get used to this. At least Percy didn't seem like a… bad roommate. "Yeah sure, but if your movie collection consists of vampire movies I'm disowning you." Percy snorted and shoved Nico towards the door to the main room. "Sit your smartass down on the couch, brat. We're watching Finding Nemo. Don't make me regret keeping you." Nico managed a smirked and obeyed. The next couple hundred years looked… promising.