were getting caught in the breeze, "Yeah, not at first. It took him time to tell me. But apparently they were caught and Beckendorf had already set the explosives…" "And he signaled to Percy that there was no time one he hit the button." Jason finished. Annabeth nodded and let out a shaky breath, "Yes. Beckendorf hit the Button and Percy launched himself off the ship…unable to save Beckendorf." She walked forward and slipped off her shoes. Jason joined her and they both stuck their feet in the cool water. "I could feel it, you know." Annabeth continued. Looking out to where she pointed before, where Jason can only assume the smoke had billowed up from. "I knew something had gone wrong. I was organizing the stables and suddenly the wind was knocked out of me and- and I was rushing here." Jason looked at her profile that was sharpened against the moon. He expected to see tears but there were none. Annabeth was strong. "I'm sure that I was running so fast but it felt like an eternity when I finally ran into Chiron. He said He had the feeling too." Her voice broke, "Chiron feels terrible for this of course, for worrying me, but he said 'Annabeth, listen to me' and he put his hands on my shoulders." She mimicked the motion, " He said 'I want you to be ready…I only feel one presence returning'." Jason watcher her lower her trembling arms. He could almost feel the terror, the worry. It might be a past subdued memory that mirrored this feeling. Had he worried for anyone like this? "I don't remember much except pushing past him and running to the beach where other campers were gathering. I have no memory of what I was thinking or the path I took. The next thing I really remember was once I pushed through the crowed and saw Percy…standing here." She looked down and a little to her right. Just between where She and Jason stood. "All I could think was 'it's mine. The one who came back was mine'." Jason looked away as she wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. "Poor Selena. Gods, I felt so heartless to be so relieved when I could have easily been her." "I'm sure she understands" Jason comforted. He reached over and placed a hand on her shoulder. She didn't shrug it off. Annabeth smiled, "Selena was the nicest person. Didn't have a mean bone in her body." "Was?" Annabeth nodded and rubbed at her nose. "Ah. I'm sorry." Jason said. ' This camp has lost so many. No wonder the loss of Percy stings so hard.' Annabeth's breathing had returned to normal. "Anyway, you meant to talk about Percy. And here I am morbidly reminiscing." They laughed awkwardly, "No no, it's alright!" Jason said. "I'm a firm believer that keeping things in, is never the way to healing." Annabeth nodded, "wise." Jason took that as a high compliment from a child of Athena. "So…have you had that feeling sense?" "About Percy? No. At least, not since he disappeared. I can tell you the exact moment he did: 10:17pm." Jason shook his head rapidly, "Wait what? How do you know it to the minute?" She chucked a little darkly and held up her wrist. "I wear a watch." "Ah." "I remember that he kissed me goodnight, we were the last to head to bed," She cleared her throat here and Jason felt a little awkward too at the implications, "And uhm…well we parted and I looked back once and he was standing on the steps to his cabin and waved at me. I turned to go into my door when I felt the weight." She clenched her fist just below her chest. "The Greeks call this a 'Thumos'. The gut feeling. And I felt it, cold and heavy and when I blinked I thought I missed a flash of light. And when I turned around- No Percy." She sighed and started to step out of the ocean. "I doubted myself. I thought he had just gone inside. I looked at my watch. 10:17. It would be hours before I realized he was gone." Jason and Annabeth grabbed their shoes and began the walk back to the camp. He let the silence last while he thought about all he had heard. ' Percy was snatched up just like that. He never did make it back to his room. Annabeth was the last to see him…' He glanced at her, she was holding herself as she walked along silently. ' That fact probably eats away at her. ' "There was probably nothing you could have done, you know." He said. She looked at him with her grey eyes, piercing him. "He could have been across the county in an instant." She nodded, "Logically I know that. But how would you feel if you waved goodbye to Piper and then she disappeared as you turned around?" Jason felt his face scrunch up in dislike "Guilty." "Exactly." They had made it up to the main path, Campers were just now clearing from the embers that were the campfire. Jason and Annabeth stood there as everyone pushed and laughed and sang past them. "Percy is a great fighter." Annabeth said, clearly as a closing statement. "But he was also the underdog. He's personable, funny, and can laugh at himself. He's a man of the people." Jason looked at the crowed of campers passing them, he could hear bursts of Percy's name in the air. "I can see that." The crowed had passed, Annabeth smiled and began to walk backwards away from Jason towards her cabin, "He's also the man of my heart." She waved and turned around, done opening up for the night. Jason watched her go, she walked alone-still holding herself. ' I think your camp and your girl need you, man.' He thought as he looked towards the sky. 'Where are you? '