nor Percy see it. "How could you?" He asks, his voice soft and broken. "I'm sorry-I didn't mean-" "You meant to. Don't sit here and tell me you didn't mean to. Because if you hadn't meant to you would not have fucking done it." "Please Percy." Emily whispers. "I loved you Emily." He whispers back. "I love you too-" "No you didn't." He says, letting out a broken laugh. "Yes I-" "You don't hurt someone you love Emily. Love doesn't work like that." Emily starts to cry. "How long?" He asks. "Percy-" "How. Long." "Two months. And once last year" Percy is shaking with anger, and Emily is crying harder. "This doesn't have to be over. We can go back." She says, reaching a hand out to him. He takes a step back and says "We can't go back." And then he turns and walks past Annabeth, getting into her car. Emily notices Annabeth, and looks as if she's about to speak. "You did this to yourself. You had someone amazing. He would have done anything for you. And you broke him." Anything she would have said dies on her lips as Annabeth walks away. Percy doesn't speak. Eventually, Annabeth pulls over in an empty parking lot. "Are you okay?" She says, looking over at him. Silent tears have been dripping down his cheeks, and she doesn't mention them, because there are some times when people cry, and you know they don't want to, and you let them do it. She lets him cry, and does nothing but grab his hand. "I'd like to go home." He says, sounding tired. Annabeth nods, and drives him home. He gets out of the car, slinging his bag over his shoulder. She wants to call after him, get him to stay, but she doesn't. She lets him go. The next Monday, he pretends it didn't happen. Emily doesn't sit with them, and Percy pretends she never did. He jokes with her and she laughs and all is as it was before Emily. But he seems sad. It fades as the weeks go by, and Annabeth has her best friend back. She knows it's selfish, but she's secretly glad he's all hers again. But now that he is single, the hope is creeping its way back into her heart. One night they are in Percy's bedroom, her on his computer, him lying on his back on the bed. It has been 3 months since Percy broke up with Emily. "Can I ask you something?" He says. "Mhmm." She murmurs, typing away on the computer, looking into the dorms at her college. "Why do you think she did it?" Annabeth's hands still on the keys, and she turns the chair. "I think some people don't realize how good they have it. They want something more, and in the process of trying to get it, they ruin the good thing." Percy gets off the bed, and walks over to his window, looking out at the stars. "I wish people would just be happy with what they have." He says. And she knows right then what she has to do. She can't let this go on. Annabeth's hands are shaking, and she stands up from the chair. "I love you Percy." Her voice sounds cracked, and she can barely spit the words out. "I love you too." He says, sounding distracted. "No. Not like that." She feels a surge of strength, and walks to where he is by the window, turning his face in her hands. And she kisses him. Every feeling, every hurt, every single emotion she has kept bottled up for the last 5 years is spilling out onto his lips and she lets it. She wraps her arms around his neck, running her hands through his messy hair. His arms encircle her waist, bringing her back against the wall, their lips crashing together. His tongue parts her lips, and he runs it against her teeth. She feels a shudder run through her, and she kisses him harder. It goes on like this for minutes hours days before Annabeth breaks away. Both of them are breathing heavily, and looking at each other. Percy rests his forehead against hers, her lips still stinging from his kiss. "How long have you waited to do that?" He asks, out of breath. "A long time. A really fucking long time." She says, a gurgled laugh breaking from her chest. "I wish you had done it before. It would have changed everything." He says. Annabeth feels as if her chest will explode, and she brushes her lips across his. There is no urgency in this kiss, it's a kiss that screams time and future. A kiss that makes everything okay. It's the first Sunday of June, and Percy is leaving for college. "Ill see you soon, okay?" Percy whispers, his hands cupping her face. Annabeth nods, the tears slipping down her cheeks and wetting Percys hands. He kisses them away, smiling at her. "Only a few months. Itll be nothing." "I know. Try not to fail without me there to help you." Annabeth says, followed by a laugh that is also a sob. Percy brings her to his chest, hugging her so tightly she can barely breathe, but she doesn't care. He gives her one last soft kiss, then she nudges him towards the boarding tunnel. "Love you!" Percy calls out. She turns, and yells the same in reply. It is Christmas, and Annabeth hasn't seen Percy since August. She goes with Sally to pick him up at the airport, both of them gripping each other's hands. When he comes out, looking tanned and happy, Annabeth can't contain herself. She runs for him, jumping into his arms, her face buried in his neck. He holds her against him, and when he pulls back, he kisses her. She breaks her rule. And she cries. But the tears are happy, and he deserves them. And Annabeth Chase has never felt more okay.