five million pictures with each other, and so do Frank and Hazel, and so does everyone so I think we need to take some pictures." Percy's words came out in a rush, as they do when he gets excited. She knew the other reason for this request, she knew the words he hadn't said. ' I want to have something to remember if something happens.' He had only said that once, and after that the words were etched into her head. " Pictures of what?" She asked, though she had a sneaking suspicion what he would answer. " Us of course. Wise girl, we are taking selfies." He said, rubbing his hands together mischievously. " You are such a hipster Percy Jackson" She said, rolling her eyes. " I would label myself more in the skater category, but hipster works too. Now get over here and smile." She scooted next to him, happy for the excuse to sit closer to him. He held the phone in front of them, and poked her in the stomach. " Smile. Now. Or I will make you." She turned towards him and made a face, then heard the click sound that was his phone. " Did you just-" " Yep." She groaned, but turned her head and smiled. He snapped a bunch, making her smile and frown and stick her tongue out. Soon, her stomach hurt from laughing. " Alright. Time for the most clichéd cliché of all the clichés." Percy announced, still holding the phone. " Kiss me wise girl." " Now why would I do that? I know this is just an excuse for me to kiss you." She asked, smirking, arching a brow. " I'm hurt. I can't believe you would think that of me. I can't believe you wouldn't want to kiss-"She pressed her lips to his, reaching a hand up to his face. She vaguely heard the click of the camera, and pulled away. Percy took a breath, set his phone down, and kissed her again. But this time, it was just for them. "Annabeth?" She turns around and sees Percy, a confused look on his face. "Hi. I'm sorry. I was walking and I just found myself here." She says, biting her lip. "No problem." He says. "I'm sorry for pulling this off too I was just-" "That was a fun day." He says quietly, staring at the picture in her hands. "Yeah. Yeah it was." She answers, reminiscing with him. "Here." She says, handing it to him, but he pushes it back into her hands. "Keep it. I have them all on my computer anyways." He says, brushing his hair back with his hand. "You know Percy, I think you need a haircut." She says, gesturing towards his head. He looks up at her and smiles. "I'll get right on that." So much for her small talk. "Well I should um…I should go. Merry Christmas." She pushes past him, trying to get to the door before she can stop herself from turning and running into his arms. "Wait Annabeth." He says, his voice scrambling. "Yeah?" She turns around, waiting for him to speak. "I- I don't know. I just don't want you to go. Not again." Her breathing hitches and she blinks rapidly to let any tear that decides to emerge know that she refuses to let it out. "Percy…" She says softly, not knowing what she can say. "Do you still see the end of the world when you look at me?" His words are so soft but she feels them tear into her heart, because his voice is cracking and she can feel the pain dripping off of his words. She looks down at the floor, and realizes that she doesn't. But she stays quiet and clenches her fist. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just can't stand here and pretend that I don't still love you, because I do. And you know I suck at words, and I know exactly why we-why we broke up in the first place, trust me I remember, but it hurts so much to be away from you, even more than it hurt when I was with you. And I used to think that being together was just hurting us both, but I don't think that anymore. So please don't leave again." The words spill out, and now that they're out, neither of them can put them back in. "Percy. You know why we can't. I love you, I do, I always will, but I can't hurt you like that again." She says, her entire body still. "Can't we try? We've made it through so much, and it took me two years to realize that this is exactly what Tartarus wants. They took away the most important things, and we let them. We let them break us apart." He looks her straight in the eye, and she pushes her hair behind her ears, the attention making her squirm. His words ring truth, and she can't deny it. "I don't know how to keep going Percy. I don't know how to-how to pretend none of it ever happened." He steps towards her as he says it, until they are inches away from each other. "We don't pretend. We just keep going." He says, and she believes it is the wisest thing he has ever said. And she realizes maybe things will be different. They are both stronger, and they know what they want, and maybe that will make it different. Annabeth doesn't know what will happen, but she knows that living a life without Percy in it is not living at all, at least not for her. She moves towards him until their faces are inches apart and she can see his body shake and she knows that this time will be different. They will make it different. She reaches her hands up to cup his face. "I've missed you so much Percy Jackson." Then she brings her lips to his.