on the other line. "Annabeth?" Percy's voice was low, and Annabeth's heard raced. "Hi." "Look I know you're in trouble and I'm not supposed to-"He was interrupted by a growling sound, and she realized with a start it was coming from him. "I'm not supposed to call but I need your help because I'm going-going to change and I don't want to-to-to hurt-t anyone." She could hear the fear in his voice. "Where are you?" She asked, trying to hide the fear in her own words. "Moor City Park." "I'll be there in ten minutes." She went to hang up the phone, but he stopped her. "Annabeth?" His voice was at a whisper. "Yes?" "Hurry." The word turned her blood to ice, and she ran for the kitchen, snatching up her dads keys. They had gone to the movies, and wouldn't be back for another hour. When she reached the park she ran from the car, searching for him. She finally caught a glimpse of him, leaning against a tree near the phone booth. She approached him slowly, and when he turned to her, she was relieved to see his green eyes. He ran towards her, enveloping her in a hug. His hands felt sturdy around her, and she leaned into his chest. "Are you alright?" She asked, pulling away from him. A tremor shot through his body as she finished, and he shoved away from her, dropping to his knees. His eyes were now yellow, and a tear slipped out of one of them. She could see the agony in his movements, and she yearned to switch places with him, anything so he wouldn't feel it. She lowered onto her knees in front of him, taking her face in her hands. His own fingers had turned into claws, and his teeth were now sharp. He let out a guttural sound that was more animal than man, and she reared her hand back, slapping him across his cheek. "You are not an animal. Control yourself." She commanded, watching him shake the yellow from his eyes. "I don't know I-f I can h-old on Annabeth." "It's going to be alright. You did it before. Do it again." He opened his mouth to speak again, but she kissed him before he could say anything. A few seconds later he felt something sharp on her lip, and when Percy noticed, he pulled back so quickly Annabeth gasped. His teeth were sharp, and he pressed a hand to them. "Oh my god Annabeth I'm-"He started backing away, and Annabeth moved towards him, grabbing his wrists. She licked the blood off her lips, and nodded at him. "It's okay. I'm okay." He looked disgusted with himself, and she forced him to look at her. "It's okay." "I'm not in control Annabeth you-" "Are you going to change or what?" A girl's voice rang out from the other side of the brick wall, and Percy's eyebrows knitted in confusion. The girl who belonged to the voice came into view, putting her hands on her hips. She was fully dressed in black, a metal ring in her lip, her black hair cut in a brutal bob. "What the hell are you talking about?" Percy asked. "I'm here to see if you're going to shift. You know what I'm talking about." The girl raised an eyebrow, and Percy moved protectively in front of Annabeth. "I don't know what you-" "Save it. I'm Thalia, you're Percy, you turn in a wolf, so do I. Now. Can you control the shift or not?" Percy's body was rigid in front of Annabeth, but the girl-Thalia- was completely relaxed. "No. I can't." "Alrighty then. We have work to do." "What do you mean we?" Annabeth asked, shifting her weight so that she was beside Percy, and not behind him. "I mean me. And your little boyfriend here. My pack needs more bodies, and you Percy, will fit right in." He perked up at the mention of a pack, but Annabeth could tell he didn't fully trust this girl. "How do I know we can trust you?" Percy said, his voice hard. "You don't. You're going to have to take a chance. But it'll be worth it." She said, smiling at him. Percy turned to Annabeth, searching her face for the answer. She nodded at him, and he kissed her forehead once, before turning back to Thalia. "Fine." "Okay. One condition. You can't see her until you learn to control it." "But-" "You put her in danger. It won't be long. I promise. Now come with me." "But I-" "Percy." Annabeth said, grabbing his arm. "It'll be fine. Go. I'll see you soon. Just don't forget about me okay?" She teased, smiling. He kissed her softly, and sighed. "I'll be back before you know it." "I know you will be." She whispered, watching him walk away. It had been a month, and Annabeth had started school, settling into a routine. She missed Percy, and as the full moon passed, she felt an ache in her heart. Her parents were content, believing that Percy was gone, and she didn't tell them otherwise. It was back to normal. But something was missing. Someone was missing. She walked out of the school one afternoon, pressing through the crowd of people, heading towards her car. "You gonna walk right past me, huh?" A familiar voice said from behind her. She froze in her place, and turned slowly. Percy stood a few feet away, his arms crossed across his chest, smirking at her. "Percy." She whispered, dropping her books. And then she ran. He caught her in his arms, and she burrowed into him. It was like the missing piece was gone and she was home. He was home. He would always be home. "It's okay. Were together now. I will never leave you again." He whispered in her ear, his voice a light laugh. And when he kissed her, she could taste the truth on his lips.