was one of the fastest goddess out there... "Perseus... you said you managed to run faster than that goddess?" Hestia asked once more. "Yeah..." Perseus nodded. "When I was about to be pieced, the flames within me started burning more, and took control over me, helping me escape..." Hestia could only nod as she heard his explanation. She could feel that he wasn't lying, so what he said was most likely the truth. Even though, these flames.. just what were they? However, Perseus broke her train of thought with his next sentence. "They also give me endless stamina... I don't get tired because of them." When Hestia heard that sentence, her eyes widened as she though of a certain beauty goddess. Endless stamina... she definitely couldn't let Aphrodite learn of that. She knew from the love goddess's rambles that even Ares couldn't last long in bed. If she were to learn of this child... she couldn't even imagine the result. Just as she was thinking of that, she suddenly received a mental message from her brother, the king of Gods, Zeus. "Hestia, emergency meeting. Meeting in Olympus right now." When she heard it, her eyes widened. Zeus was a lazy male, and he almost never held meetings unless they were important. But, most important of all, was his voice. She knew her brother, and she could clearly feel that in his voice, there was... fear. Something that could make the king of gods scared? Not even the titans could bring forth such a reaction from him. At that moment, Hestia's face turned serious as she realized that something big happened. Just as she was about to flash away to Olympus, she suddenly remembered the young, memory-less boy that she had just been talking to. She turned around, and saw that he was looking at her with his innocent red eyes, curiosity apparent within them. Looking at the boy, she just couldn't leave him there. After talking with him for a while, she quite came to like the little boy. He was also innocent, not tainted by the world, with no dark desires... he was simply as pure as one could be. Furthermore, this boy had an attachment to fire, and supposedly even had something akin to an eternal fire within me. Being the goddess of the hearth, she also had a deep connection with flames, and couldn't help but to look at the boy as someone familiar. She then sighed as she said, "Perseus, I'm going to have to leave right now. However, I'll be back soon. In the meanwhile, how about you stay in my home?" "Home?" Perseus questioned, not knowing that word. "Where I live," Hestia said hurriedly, knowing that she was short on time. She had to go to that meeting as soon as possible. Hearing Hestia's word, Perseus nodded, "Alright. Thank you." He saw no problem in going to where this goddess lived. Maybe he would find something there that would explain his past... Probably not, but still... Seeing his confirmation, Hestia placed a hand on his shoulder and teleported him to her temple in Olympus, while sending herself to the throne room. In the next moment, she was standing in a wide, huge room, decorated with Greek pillars. By her side was a fireplace, that seemed to be always burning. Hestia immediately cast her gaze around, and looked at the area where the thrones were. When saw it, her eyes widened. All of the gods were there, including Hades. He was even sitting on a make-shift throne. There was tension in the air, and everyone had serious faces. Only Artemis had a different expression, because although she was serious, she also seemed to be infuriated. When she saw the situation, her eyes narrowed as she muttered, "For Hades to get a throne.. this is more serious than I thought." She immediately walked forward, getting the attention of all the other gods. When Zeus noticed her, his face that was already serious grew even more as his left hand made some motions in the air, a throne appearing next to Hades in the next instant. This throne was made of wood, and there were parts of it that was burning. It had a warm and cozy feeling to it. When Hestia saw it, she noticed that this throne was none other than the throne she used to have before she gave up her position. She couldn't help but to feel slightly melancholic. Not saying anything, she immediately turned into her god form, growing taller, until she reached a gigantic-height, now similar to the other gods. She also lost her childish appearance, now looking like a woman in her early twenties. Her hair was now long, and black, reaching her shoulders. Her eyes were the color of fire, albeit a gentle one. Her figure was also amazing, with the right curves in the right places. All in all, she looked just as stunning as the other Goddesses. After that, she walked over to her throne and sat on it, turning around to face Zeus. Zeus nodded and said, "Now that we have everyone, then I shall announce the situation." His face then grew even more serious, "Apollo... just a while ago, made a prophecy." When the gods and goddesses present heard that, their eyes widened. Apollo rarely made prophecies, but when he did, they were always big. Alarmingly big and dangerous. And, most important of all, they always meant bad news. Athena immediately spoke up, "What did it say?" Apollo took that as his turn to explain. His face was also serious. He then recited the prophecy that had come to him. " The Primordial Flame From The Depths Of The True Abyss Shall Escape The World Shall Be Plundered in Flames; The Ancient Ones shall Stir From The Eternal Slumber The Era Of The Gods Shall Reach Its End All In existence Shall Perish Everything Returns To Its Primal Form All Becomes Nothingness." Read and Review~!