hadn't perfected a spell to recirculate lost blood into the system a while back, Jason would have bled to death. In fact, it was a surprise that Jason hadn't already bled to death. The gash on his thigh was the easiest to treat. But his face... Will did his best. The scars were the least part of Jason's problem, but he left the bandages around the eyes. They wouldn't be able to see anymore. There was also the problem of the more ugly magic in Jason's system, but as Will washed his hands free of blood he figured that at least the man was still alive. Nico hadn't spared him a single glance after Will finished with Jason; he rushed over to his fellow adventurer's side and hovered, not sure whether to clasp Jason's hand or to perhaps envelope his friend in a hug. A twinge of jealousy tickled at Will, and he bit his lips because really? He's now jealous of an unconscious patient who's been barely brought back from the brink of death? He's ashamed of himself. "I'm so sorry, Jason, I was stupid," he whispered. "I'm so so sorry." The next day, as Will came to check on Jason, he found Nico suited up and ready for travel. "Your partner is still in dire condition, where are you going?" "To find something. To fix him." Without another word, Nico pushed past Will and melted into the shadows. So that's why he was using Bessie as a messenger instead of a transport. Where would Nico even go? Will wanted more than anything to follow him, but he had to look after Jason and there was no way to track Nico down.. The only thing he could do was wait. Like always. Three days later, Nico came back. He was pale and sickly thin; he looked like he was gone for far more than only three days, but his face betrayed triumph as he raised a vial of a strange elixir and poured it into Jason's mouth without even consulting Will. Immediately, Jason stirred. "Jason! Can you hear me?" Jason groaned and his fingers twitched. "You don't have to talk, Jason. Just relax, I've got you. We'll get through this together." He held Jason's hand with such tenderness Will had to look away. Of course a mere healer couldn't compare with the bond that two adventurers shared. The days passed and Jason was slowly nursed back to health by a hovering Nico and a cool-headed Will. Unlike the previous times when Jason was injured, Nico didn't talk much this time, only staring at his partner for hours on the end when Jason was in one of his unresponsive states. Two weeks later, Jason coughed. "N-Nico." "Jason! Jason, you can talk now!" "Barely," he smiled. "Enough, though. Turn on the lights?" Nico hesitated, he had thought that Jason would've already known, but for all he knew Jason spent the past two weeks in a state of delirium and fever and didn't really understand that he was blind. "Jason, your eyes, they-" "It's okay," Jason interrupted immediately. Will saw a look of understanding cross the man's face. "It's okay." "No," Nico answered, "It's really not." When Jason fell back asleep, Nico started packing again. "Where are you going this time? He's on his way to recovery, there's nothing you can do." "There is! There's something I can do, and I'm going to find it and fix him. Take care of Jason for me. I'll come back for him. Tell him I've gone to visit my grandmother." He hesitated, then reached in his pocket and took out a flat, golden disc. "This is for you, to remember me by." "I think I already have a lot of things to remember you by, but I'll take it." Nico gave Will a small smile and then took his hand. He gently slipped the disk into Will's palm and closed Will's fingers around it, then he slowly kissed Will's knuckles like they were worth more than all of his treasures combined. HIs lips were warm. "Wait for me." He disappeared in the shadows. "You idiot, that's what I've been doing forever," Will muttered, but Nico was gone. One day turned into two days, turned into two weeks, turned into two months, turned into six months until Jason was finally able to walk without excruciating pain. Nico still hadn't returned yet. "I've already asked an old friend of mine to search for him months ago," Jason told Will. "I'm just worried because he's so fucking reckless." That night, Will's room got colder. The fire dimmed and a chill set into his bones. Out of the shadows two figures appeared. This time, a girl was holding a sleeping Nico. He was bloodless, and his face was pale, so pale. There were healed gashes on his arms that weren't there when Will saw him last time. "He needs help," she said. "Please save him." That night, Jason's vision returned. His eyes blurred as tears threatened to escape when he saw the still form of Nico lying on the bed like a corpse. "You're such a fucking idiot," he ripped his eyes away and stared at his hands. "I'd rather be blind forever then have you risk your life for this. What did you give this time? I know you already gave something the time before. Please don't let it be anything important." That night, Nico's eyelids slowly fluttered open and he took in the sight of Jason. Healthy Jason. Jason with eyes that can see. "There was another curse, a subtle one that no one but she could've found out about," he said, "it would've killed you by now. But she kept her promise. You're alive." "And you're alive too, somehow," Will cut in, "please stop doing reckless things and making us all worry." "Oh, sorry, I guess?" he looked at Will curiously. "Are you the healer? Thank you for saving me." That night, Will's entire world collapsed.