the stranger in the woods. Fucked right in the heart with Eros' arrow stuck there. Every time he talked to Jason, every time he even looked at the other man the arrow twanged and made his insides turn into jelly. And he was a prince, and perhaps by some twisted chance Nico might be permitted to be with him but it would never last, and also, he berated himself, it wasn't possible. Jason, Jason, Jason! He fell in love with that hair, those lips, those eyes, that chiseled nose, that dumb little scar. Jason, Jason, Jason! Nico remembered lifting him into his bed (his bed! Jason had slept in his bed!), relieved that Thanatos had been standing by Jason's head, made him drink the water and the herbal cure, washed his face and waited for him to wake until Nico himself fell asleep. Jason, Jason, Jason! And the man had kept his promise, had visited Nico often, had talked to him, laughed with him, so much so that Nico found himself wandering through Jason's country often. He even bought a little shop to turn into his clinic in the city. And Jason didn't notice a thing, or do a thing. The man sometimes blushed and looked at Nico a fraction of the way that Nico wished Jason would look at him, but it never came to be more than that. Maybe I should take the initiative, Nico occasionally thought, but then the sight of Jason surrounded by beautiful women would occur and he would dispel his thoughts. It came to be one day that the king fell ill. So ill that it was rumored to be that there was no more time left and that Jason would soon be the new king. Jason came into Nico's clinic that day. "You have to help me," he said, "please." "To make sure your father doesn't die or to make sure he does?" Nico joked. "Nico, I'm being serious," Jason gripped Nico's shoulders tightly. "Please, help him. Save his life." "Take me to him and I'll see what I can do," he said. Jason led Nico into the palace and the bedchambers of the old king. Thanatos was there, standing at the foot of the king. "There is-" Nico hesitated, he looked at Jason. His love's eyes weren't red from crying, he knew that because Jason had been holding it in. Jason had been holding everything in and he was so tense and sad and worried that-that- Nico sighed. "I can do something about this." Thanatos looked at him sharply, but Nico ignored his godfather, he knew that because he was his godson Thanatos would forgive him for one time, this one time only. He ordered the king to be turned so that Thanatos stood next to the head of the king, and proceeded to administer the cure. Three days later, when the king finally broke his fever, Jason whooped and hugged Nico tightly. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" he clamored into Nico's ears. "Thank you so much!" "You're welcome," Nico replied faintly, staring at his godfather. Thanatos was invisible to everyone else, and when Jason released Nico, he leaned into Nico's ears as well. "Child, you have broken my rule. I will overlook it this one time because I care for you, but if it happens again I will personally end your life." "I know," Nico whispered. He looked at the confused Jason, "I mean, I'm kind of tired, I'm going to go home now." He turned to go, but was stopped when Jason grasped his shoulders again, this time, tenderly. "I just wanted to let you know that I'm incredibly grateful," Jason leaned in -and Nico hoped, he hoped so hard- and placed a gentle kiss on Nico's cheek. He then leaned his forehead against Nico's, "Thanks, get some good rest, okay?" That day Nico stumbled home with red cheeks and a pounding heart. His good mood didn't last, and three days after Nico had left the city to visit a shrine, Jason was struck down. It was the same disease that had almost taken his father, and by the time Nico rushed into the city, into the palace, and into Jason's bedchamber, Thanatos was already standing next to Jason's feet. "Nico?" Jason's voice was hoarse, "You know, I don't think it's a curse this time," he joked, having once told Nico what he had thought his first fever had been. Nico didn't say a thing, he only sat next to Jason, took his hand, and started to try and memorize everything about Jason before he had to go. "Is this curable?" Jason asked. Even in sickness he still retained all of his glory, though his voice is a bit hoarse. Nico still didn't say a thing, because Jason will live, and he wouldn't, and that's okay, it really is, he just wanted to look at him more. Just a bit more. Fearing the bad news, Jason sighed, but looked relieved. "Since I'm dying anyway I think I can tell you now that I've been in love with you for a pretty long time." And that was it, that was the big reveal, the big peak in this whole mess. It sounded a bit small in the room, like it was some sort of nonchalant declaration similar to "the sky is blue, the grass is green". Well, apparently "Jason Grace is in love with Nico di Angelo" can be added to that now. Nico smiled, grateful that at least he had this. "Don't be an idiot, Jason, of course this is curable." He pressed a small kiss to Jason's hand and one more to Jason's lips. At least he had this. When Jason's fever broke three days later, again he looked around his room, waiting to see the man slumped against a table sleeping. This time, Nico wasn't there. Jason would undergo many trials and tribulations before he ever saw Nico again, but that is a tale for another time.