"I need your dick in me right now . Fuck me so I won't be able to walk for a week !" Without a second thought, Luke removed his fingers and flipped his lover onto his stomach. Whining at the loss, Percy didn't have to wait long until something much longer was prodding at his entrance. Luke moaned as he buried himself into the incredibly hot cavern more commonly known as Percy's ass. It took all of his willpower, if not more, to not move and let the younger man adjust to his size. The raventte locked eyes with the blonde and nodded giving the soldier the go ahead. Slowly, Luke pulled out, only to ram himself back in. In sync, the two moaned. Picking up the pace, the blonde pounded into Percy, with each thrust, both of them losing more and more of their control. The sound of skin slapping against each other and the bed creaking were drowned out by the loud moans and screams spilling from Percy's mouth. Changing Percy's position again, Luke flipped Percy onto his back. Instinctively, the ravenette wrapped his arms around the blonde's neck, his back arching as the thrusts went deeper and harder. The way Percy suddenly came and screamed, Luke knew he found his prostate once again. Making sure to hit it every time, Luke slammed even harder into the body beneath him, capturing Percy's lips with his own. "L-Luke, I ah, I-I'm gonna c-come," Groaning, Luke felt the heat travel down. "M-Me too, Perce," The blonde grabbed the neglected shaft of his lover and pumped it in sync with his thrusts. The smaller male clawed at Luke's back, leaving marks, as he flung his head back and came, stars filling his vision. Luke moaned Percy name and buried his face in the said man's neck, coming deep within the gasping body. Both males were left panting as they eventually came down from their highs. Luke reluctantly pulled out of Percy and tied the condom, tossing it into the trash. Getting back into the bed, he gazed lovingly at Percy who still had pink dusting his cheek and breath coming out in short pants. "You have no idea how long I've been waiting to do this to you again." Percy snorted. "Pervert." Luke kissed his forehead. "And you love it." Percy simply hummed in agreement before pushing Luke down and rolling on top of him. "Ready for round two?" Sunlight streamed in through the window, lighting up the glistening bodies lying on the bed. The raventte faced the wall and the blonde spooned him from behind, an arm slung over his body, pulling the smaller male closer to him. Sea-green eyes slowly fluttered opened, wincing at the brightness, mind still fuzzy from waking up. First he noticed the arm wrapped around his body. Which was naked. And the owner of the arm was naked too. Panicking at first, Percy almost sat straight up, but then memories from last night slowly reappeared and Percy turned around slowly instead to face the sleeping face of his lover. The sunlight made his blonde hair glow and his features seemed so much softer. His skin was considerably more tanned than it used to be, but what caught Percy's attention was the scar. It ran down his face, like something clawed him. Reaching a hand out to touch the scar, Percy nearly shrieked when a hand gripped his wrist bone crushingly tight. Luke's eyes snapped open and Percy could tell he wasn't completely awake. "Luke," he said, wincing in pain as the grip did not waver. "Luke," he said, a little softer. "It's me, it's Percy." Slowly, the soldier's eyes blinked a few times before he was fully able to comprehend the situation. Immediately, he released his grip and began apologizing. "Oh god, I'm so sorry Perce. I just do that instinctively whenever someone tried to touch me when I'm unaware. God, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean it, I wasn't thinking I would never, ever hurt you intentionally-" "Luke," The blonde stopped talking. Percy smiled at him. "I'm fine, I understand. Don't worry about it." He sat up kissed Luke gently on the lips. "Good morning." The guilt died down, but it was still there. Returning the kiss, Luke murmured a good morning and brought Percy into a warm hug. Giggling, Percy returned the hug, eagerly melting in the huge amount of body heat Luke gave off. "Care to join me in the shower?" Luke murmured into his ear. Smirking, Percy pulled away and rested his forehead against Luke's. "Why, Mr. Castellan, it would be my pleasure." Now sporting a mug in his hand and a cold compress against his lower back, Percy took a long sip of coffee, his hair still damp from the shower. Luke came down a little later after emptying his pack wearing nothing but some sweatpants. Percy handed him his coffee mug and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. Luke grinned and gladly took the mug and took a long drink. "Gods, I never thought I would miss coffee this much." Percy snorted. "I'm amazed you survived without it." Luke hummed in agreement. Once it was drained, the blonde went to the coffee pot to pour himself some more when Percy noticed the scratch marks along his back. Blushing, he turned away and opted for staring out the window. Noticing his actions, Luke put his mug down on the counter and wrapped the smaller male in a hug. Percy leaned into the touch and relaxed. "I'm glad you're back," whispered the ravenette. "Me too," replied Luke. The doorbell shook them out of their thoughts. Percy pushed Luke in the direction of the door. "I'm too sore, you get it." Luke stuck his tongue out but complied none the less. Percy heard the door open, and a very loud shriek. Damn, it's Annabeth. Oops. I REGRET NOTHING! My first smut so tell me how I did! PEACE OUT! -BrokenWings66