it, Daughter of Hades? Some magic is at work. I do not know exactly how or why, but your friend has vanished." Bianca still wanted to jump off the cliff and run into a shadow to search for her, but she had a feeling that Artemis was right and looking at her brother, she knew he did to. Annabeth was gone. If she'd been down there in the shadows, she thought, she'd be able to feel her presence. "Oo!" Alex raised his hand. "What about Dr. Thorn? That was awesome how you shot him with arrows! Is he dead?" "He was a manticore," Artemis said. "Hopefully he is destroyed for now, but monsters never truly die. They re-form over and over again, and they must be hunted whenever they reappear." "Or they'll hunt us," Thalia said. Lucy McNeil shivered. "That explains… Alex, you remember last summer, those guys who tried to attack us in the alley in DC?" "And that bus driver," Alex said. "The one with the ram's horns. I told you that was real." "That's why Grover has been watching you," Nico said. "To keep you safe, if you turned out to be half-bloods." "Grover?" Lucy stared at him. "You're a demigod?" "Well, a satyr, actually." He kicked off his shoes and displayed his goat hooves. They thought Lucy was going to faint right there. "Grover, put your shoes back on," Thalia said. "You're freaking her out." "Hey, my hooves are clean!" "Lucy," Nico said, "we came here to help you. You and Alex need training to survive. Dr. Thorn won't be the last monster you meet. You need to come to camp." "Camp?" she asked. "Camp Half-Blood," Bianca supplied. "It's where half-bloods learn to survive and stuff. You can join us, stay there year-round if you like." "Sweet, let's go!" Alex said. "Wait," Lucy shook her head. "I don't—" "There is another option," Zoë said. "No, there isn't!" Thalia said. Thalia and Zoë glared at each other. Bianca and Nico didn't know what they were talking about, but they could tell there was bad history between them. For some reason, they seriously hated each other. "Stop, it. You two, come here," Perseus said before grabbing both girls arms and walking up to his patron. "We've burdened these children enough," Artemis announced. "Zoë, Perseus, we will rest here for a few hours. Raise the tents. Treat the wounded. Retrieve our guests' belongings from the school." "Yes, my lady." "And, Lucy, come with me. I would like to speak with you." "What about me?" Alex asked. Artemis considered the boy. "Perhaps you can show Grover how to play that card game you enjoy. I'm sure Grover would be happy to entertain you for a while… as a favor to me?" Grover just about tripped over himself getting up. "You bet! Come on, Alex!" Alex and Grover walked off towards the woods, talking about hit points and armor ratings and a bunch of other geeky stuff. Artemis led a confused-looking Lucy along the cliff. The Hunters began unpacking their knapsacks and making camp. Zoë gave Thalia one more evil look, then left to oversee things. As soon as she was gone, Thalia stamped her foot in frustration. "The nerve of those Hunters! They think they're so… Argh!" "Thalia, stop. You know, what some of them have been through, don't think your the only one who's had it rough. Annabeth may be gone but not forever, we will find her," Percy said before walking off to talk to Phoebe leaving behind a gaping and guilty looking Thalia. "Okay, what the Hell was that? How do you know each other? Who are the Hunters-?" Nico could of gone on and on but stopped when Thalia gave him a pained and annoyed expression. "Ok, I don't need this now, Nico. I'll tell you sometime later if not maybe, Percy will?" Thalia then turned around and looked Bianca straight in the eye. "What were you thinking back there in the gym, Bianca? You'd take on Dr. Thorn all by yourself? You knew he was a monster!" "If we'd stuck together, we could've taken him without the Hunters getting involved. Annabeth might still be here. Did you think of that?" Bianca's jaw clenched. She thought of some harsh things to say, and she might've said them too, but then she looked down and saw something navy blue lying in the snow at her feet. Annabeth's New York Yankees baseball cap. Thalia didn't say another word. She wiped a tear from her cheek, turned, and marched off, leaving the di Angelo siblings alone with a trampled cap in the snow. Author's Note: I've read a few stories where Percy is raised by the Hunters of Artemis, and decided to write one of my own with my own version and twist and turns. And i f you haven't noticed in the story Bianca is 14 years old, while Nico's 12 years old and taken Percy's spot as Camp Heroes. Also Percy, well he's technically 30 years old, but he's physically and metaphorically 14 years old. And males have been allowed into the Hunt only if , if they swear off both men and women. And before any get their hopes up, story is not Pertemis or Perzoë or Perlia or Percabeth. Pairing is undecided as of now, but it wouldn't be any of the above mentioned. Updates will also be slow as school has pretty much taken most of my time and I'll write when I have time or inspiration. Follows some of the Titan's Curse plot but will take a different course of action later on. Story also has femslash and slash pairings as well as some het. And if you read my other story "The Mystery of War" the update won't come for about a week as I'm sorta stuck on it and if not, whatever I write comes out crappy. But, update will come soon, I believe. Till The Next Update, Au Revoir, ~M.C.