you?" I asked/said. The thunder only got louder. " Where is our father?" he demanded. " He is gone," I said, "destroyed by the one who sought to bring him back." " Luke?" Hermes said, with a look on his face that told me he wasn't very surprised by that. " Yes, it was your son. He died a hero," I said. Hermes looked upset, but didn't say anything. I turned to the rest of them. " I hope he will achieve Elysium," I said, looking at Hades. " He might," he said, receiving a glare from Hermes. "Oh, ok. I guess I can let him through." " Let the council commence," Zeus said. They all talked for a little while, but it was mostly Zeus. He was going on and on about the courage of the gods and all of that stuff. I mean seriously, we had just fought off an army at their gates. That was their job, and we did it for them. Courage of the gods my butt. " Oh, and would you like to take on Typhon, little hero?" Hera said, and I stopped my previous train of thought. "Exactly," she said. I decided to think about something else after that. Unfortunately, my thoughts went towards a certain brunette goddess soon after. I could tell that the gods were still reading my thoughts though, because every once in a while, one of them would look at me in shock. Athena, however, was looking at me in amusement. That was fairly surprising, given the situation. Eventually, talking amongst the gods died down. Zeus commanded their attention before speaking. " Would anyone deny that these heroes deserve a reward for their actions in the war?" No one spoke. " We are in agreement, then." " Grover Underwood, please step forward," Zeus said. Grover went forward, nervousness showing on his face. He bowed before Zeus. Dionysus spoke. " I have decided to make you a member of the Council of Cloven Elders. Yes, yes, that means you will be revered by others of your kind and all of that nonsense. Blah, blah, blah." He then proceeded to pass out. After he was dragged out of the way, my father spoke. " Tyson, my son, we have decided to make you general of the cyclopes army. You may have a weapon of choice. Any weapon." " Stick!" he shouted. " Yes, you will be given a new… stick. The best stick that may be found," Zeus said. " Annabeth, my own daughter." Annabeth stepped forward, a bundle of nerves. " We have noticed that Olympus is now a – well, a mess," Athena said. "We could use magic to make it the way it was before, but we have decided that it could use some improvement. We offer to you, my daughter, the chance to do so yourself. As the official Architect of Olympus." Annabeth stepped away, muttering about blueprints and other stuff that would have bored me to death had I been listening. " Perseus Jackson," Zeus said, and the Throne Room was suddenly very quiet. You could have possibly heard a pin drop. " You have done Olympus a great service. We, as a council, have decided to bestow upon you one gift. Any gift that you want. We know what you will ask for. Yes, if you want you will be made immortal, a god, lieutenant of you father, forever." I was stunned. I didn't know what to think. I could live forever. I could do amazing things as a god. I looked at my father. I could live with him for eternity. Never dying, never forgotten. I looked at Athena, the most beautiful goddess I know. Aphrodite huffed at that one. I would have forever to find out if she returned the feelings I knew that I had for her. And that brings everybody up to speed. "Yes, but only on one condition." "And what would that be," I hear Zeus say. "The other demigods out there. They have fought, and died, for me to be standing here right now. They deserve something, too," I say. "What would you have us give them?" Zeus asks. "Attention." "What?" Zeus asks, looking at me in disbelief. "Just pay attention to your children. All the children, of all of the gods. Give them all a place at camp. We can build new cabins. Cabins for all of the gods and goddesses. Major and minor. If you had paid more attention to your children, none of this would've happened. It only makes sense, to prevent future wars such as this one," I say. "He makes a point," Athena says, now smiling at me. Hmm, I could get used to that. "It shall be done," Zeus says. They stand up, and shoot their powers into me. It feels amazing, but very painful. Eventually, I pass out from the pain. I wake up in a hospital bed. The whole room gives off a faint golden glow. I feel great, though, and wonder how I got here. Then I remember. I'm a god now. It's a liberating feeling shoots through me. I feel so free as a god. Suddenly I feel another presence in the room. I look around, to see Athena standing next to the bed. "My Lady." "You know you don't have to call me that anymore, right?" she says, looking amused. "Yes, but I want to," I say, smirking back at her. She sighs. I gulp. "About these… feelings that you have –" "I apologize my Lady, but it can't be helped." "I understand that, Percy, but you really should try to stop them." Huh. She just called me Percy. A feeling of elation rises in me. "I can't, my Lady, and I don't think I ever will." "Ok, Percy, but know this. I may never return those feelings that you have for me." "I know, my Lady, but I do have to try." "I look forward to it."