never occurred to him that the entire thing was staged. Even though they'd bumped into each other constantly, it was never in the exact same scenario, though elevator-related mishaps occured the most. One time, Nico had wandered into the cafeteria in search of his sister, who was working the graveyard shift that week to complete her nursing internship, and he'd bumped into Will who'd been having a coffee break. The night after that, Nico hadn't seen him until the early morning. He'd come down to the morgue after his rounds to relay a message from Hazel. If Percy was telling the truth and Will had been staging the meet-ups, then Will had been putting a hell of an effort into talking to him. At around 5, which Nico knew should be just right after Will's rounds to his patients, the heart surgeon entered the morgue. "Hey." He greeted, and Nico couldn't help but notice the way his blond hair curled just so against his temples and, when he took a seat next to Nico, notice the smell of his aftershave – like sandalwood and bottled sunshine. Damn Annabeth for pointing those out. "Did Annabeth finally leave?" He inquired, casually browsing the autopsy report on the desk. "Percy dragged her out a couple of hours ago, yeah." Nico replied. "That woman works too much." Will chuckled, but Nico could hear the undercurrent of worry in his tone. "She'll be fine. Percy will make sure she gets enough rest." Nico assured him. "That's true." Will sighed as he leaned back. "Must be nice to have someone care as much as they do for each other." "Yeah…" Nico stole a glance at the heart surgeon. His mind went back to their first meeting, the one that Percy had said was the product of meticulous planning on the blonde's part. When Nico first mentioned how he worked the graveyard-shift, Will had looked concerned and asked if he was getting enough rest in the morning. Nico had just shrugged and said he was used to it, to which Will had frowned. That counted as caring, right? Did Will really care about him, the way Percy cared for Annabeth? Was Annabeth right all along? "Did you stage it?" Nico found himself blurting out. Will looked at him. "What are you talking about?" Nico turned to face him fully. No turning back now. "Last week. Did you miss the lobby on purpose to talk to me?" Will's face was comical, like he couldn't decide if he wanted to be horrified or embarrassed. Then, he glowered. "I'm going to kill Percy. You can help me hide the body." "Can't do that. Have you seen how scary Annabeth is? When she finds out, she'll kill us both and make it look like an accident." Nico replied, causing a brief, embarrassed laugh to escape Will as he covered his reddening face. Dammit. Even his embarrassment was cute. Everything about this stupid, wonderful idiot was cute. "Yeah. I staged it." He murmured. It was soft, but it reverberated around the morgue and into Nico's bones. The hope he was trying to quell earlier had risen up his throat. "Why?" He asked. He needed to hear it for himself. "Well, isn't it obvious? I like you. You care about people. Not just your friends and family, but even people like the guy in that autopsy report. Your patients might not be alive, but you make sure death doesn't silence them." Will gestured to the autopsy report. Then, he admitted shyly: "I kind of find you really amazing." Annabeth was right. Surprise, surprise. " I'm amazing?" Nico sputtered, "You— you dedicate yourself to saving people's lives. Hell, you went into a warzone to save people and it's because of you that that little girl you mentioned the other day still has a brother and—" "You remember that?" He asked in awe, as if he hadn't expected that Nico would remember the anecdotes he'd told. "Of course I do!" Nico replied heatedly. Then, when he didn't know what else to say, he mumbled: "I kind of find you really amazing too." "Wow. Umm," Will rubbed the back of his neck. "So, what now?" Now, Nico needed the guts to ask him out. Will had put so much effort into seeing him. He actively sought Nico out for two weeks straight, just to talk to him about anything and everything, Very few precious people did that. Nico figured it was only fair that he should step up to the plate and put himself out there, too. "Listen," he began, "you have the day off, right? My shift ends in a few hours, and unless a body drops, things down here are going to be pretty uneventful. I'd— I'd love some company. "And then after that," he quickly added while he still had the courage, "I just need to drop something off at Detective Ramirez-Arellano's. Then my shift won't start up again until evening. Do you… want to hang out or something? Outside of the hospital, I mean. We could grab breakfast and you could show me that vintage comic book collection you're always boasting about and… Yeah." When his blabbering puttered out, the morgue became unbearably silent. Will looked kind of shell-shocked, but then he smiled. His smile was tentative at first, but when he figured out Nico was awkwardly trying to ask him out on a date, his grin was almost blinding. "Yeah, I'd like that." When Nico showed up for a multiple homicide later that afternoon, he was completely aware that he was in the same clothes he wore the night before, with his shirt unnaturally crumpled at the sides of his waist, like someone had gripped them in their fists. He was also aware that he smelled just like sandalwood and sunshine. Annabeth took one look at him and raised an eyebrow, smirking knowingly. "Not a word, Chase." "I didn't say anything. Nico never let Will live the elevator incidents down. Review!