what was watching them. He had been dragged out of his thoughts, his clear as glass memory of Nico's hurt expression left behind by a long silence. He realized then that everyone was looking right at him, as if waiting for him to answer a question. Frank felt red go to his cheeks, embarrassed because he didn't know what he was supposed to do, or what they had even been talking about. "Uh..." he uttered, unsure of what to do with everyone staring at him. Reyna cleared her throat, and everyone looked to her. "Perhaps dealing with the issue should be pushed back until Zhang is able to form coherent sentences and pay attention." With those words, people began getting up and work their way to the exit. Frank only stood there though, sighing audibly. He looked up to Reyna, feeling even more embarrassed, though he managed a small "Thanks." Reyna exhaled, walking over to her fellow praetor. "Frank, you didn't know. Nico's anger towards you is nothing to whatever is holding Hazel up." "It's not just Nico," Frank admitted, scratching the back of his head. "It's me knowing Hazel had been gone for three days, but I didn't once think she was in any danger. Which just so happens to be the first things on Nico's mind." "I wouldn't worry about it too much. After all, Nico's just the overprotective brother watching out for his sister." "It's worse than having to deal with a dad," Frank sighed, thinking to how Pluto hadn't really done much to strike fear into Frank, though the natural fear was still there. "They'll be fine, right?" Frank asked, wondering about the two Pluto kids. "It's hard to say right now," Reyna admitted, "but given the people on Nico's side.. He won't be doing this alone. I'm sure there's nothing to worry about, and Hazel will be back soon." Reyna patted Frank's shoulder, and left him standing there alone. Frank used that time to silently pray to any god that was listening to just return everyone back safely. After what they had gone through just a year ago... Well, Frank didn't want anything to do with another war like that, but he had a bad feeling that whatever was in store for them... Wouldn't be a good thing either. Nico held Will up from his armpits, going against the wind. The son of Hades didn't know what country he was in anymore, but at that moment, he really didn't care either. It hadn't been long since the cyclopes attacks him and Will, and Nico refused to let down his guard. He tried to jostle Will as little as possible, and he hoped he was doing something that would ultimately help in the end, but now he had another thing bothering him that would be left on his mind. Nico already blamed himself for Will's injuries. He didn't really know why himself, but he felt like it was his fault. Like everything else, Nico thought bitterly. As the sun set, Nico could feel his body shutting down. He was exhausted, and Nico was instantly regretting not sleeping long for the past few nights. However, it wasn't anything new, so he could keep himself awake to look after Will so nothing else comes and possibly kills them both while they're out. Nico hurried to find a good place to rest for the night, and was happy to find just what he was looking for. At least one thing could go right for him. Laying Will down, Nico checked his pulse, happy to find it normal. Nico hadn't felt Will.. Leave or anything, but it always made him feel better to double check. Nico looked up to the setting sun, memories flashing into his minds. Before he knew it, Nico was violently wiping tears out of his eyes, tearing his focus from the sun, to the ground, taking the first watch to let Will rest. The only sound filling Nico's ears was the sound of wind as it whistled by. Nico didn't particularly mind, finding himself at peace, lost in the wind's music. But when Nico found himself dozing off, he had to find something to keep him occupied. He relented, and found himself staring at the picture, Hazel in the corner, terror in her eyes. Nico longed to be with her, worried that he would be too late. Even though Hazel was technically older than him, Nico always thought of Hazel as his little sister; the one he needed to protect. He had failed so many times before, that he really didn't want to risk it now. Nico whipped his head around when he heard a noise. Fearing it was a monster, preparing for the worst, Nico drew his sword, crushing the picture in his grip. Will groaned, sitting up as a hand went to his head. Nico relaxed, sheathing his sword once more, and kneeling down next to Will. "What in the world happened?" Will asked, rubbing the side of his head. "You took a cyclops club to the head," Nico answer impassively. "That explains a lot, actually," Will said with a nod. "I'm fine now... Sorry... I'll do better in the next battle. I just needed a little warm up." Nico chuckled dryly. "Warming up, huh? I'll tell you when we actually run into trouble that I can't handle." "Someone's a little vain," Will commented, stretching his arms. Nico yawned, closing his eyes for the brief moment. "Well, it looks like I've slept long enough," Will said, looking at the sky. "How about you catch some shut eye while I look out for any enemies. I'll wake you up if I pick up on anything." Reluctantly, Nico nodded. He knew he wouldn't be able to stay awake much longer anyway, so just going with what Will said seemed to be the best choice right then. Nico laid where he was, his eyes closing almost immediately. And so, Nico was at the mercy of his dreams.