back onto his bed. "What's in the box then? I assume that's why you came back." "Yeah!" Will said, shoving the box onto the bed next to Nico. "So, Leo is really big into these characters called superheroes. And I thought today would be the perfect day to introduce you to these comic books." Nico knew what superheroes were. He knew that Leo was a closet nerd. However, Nico wasn't about to ruin the very excited voice Will was using when talking to him. "I think you'll like this one in particular." Will held up a thin book. Nico's eyes ran over the words Captain America on the cover. "Have you ever read it?" Nico asked. "Well... No, but I've heard they're great." "You best be off then. I've got my work cut out for me," Nico informed Will, looking at the box full of the comic books. "You're going to read them by yourself?" Will asked incredulously. "Yes. Believe it or not, I am capable of reading things that are in English." "But-" "I suppose if we just put in one of these movies, that would be fine too..." Nico glanced over at Will whose kicked puppy expression quickly shifted to a smile full of glee. "Movie time!" Will shouted, grabbing Captain America: The First Avenger from Nico's bony fingers. "I see you cleaned up since the last time we had a movie night." "Shut up. It's not like the stuff was in my way, and it's not like we don't watch movies ever together," Nico defended. "Hey look, it's you," Will said barely six minutes into the movie, pointing at the frail-looking Steve Rogers in the alley fight. "Who's that?" "That's Steve Rogers. Captain America." "That doesn't look like the guy on the cover." "Just watch. It gets better, I promise." "Is this really what it was like in America during World War II?" "Nico, shut up. Your country was on the losing side." Nico answered to that in Italian. Will assumed Nico was insulting him somehow. "Wow, flying cars," Nico carried on not four minutes later. "Obviously something that didn't happen being we've only got planes which they had in that time." "Shut up and watch the movie." Will found it funny how Nico had been the one telling him not to talk during movies, and now he was having to tell Nico to be quiet. It didn't seem like it was all that long before the movie was over. This had been the first movie that the two watched together that neither of them had seen prior to their movie date. "It must've been hard to wake up in the future," Will commented as the credits rolled. "I mean he was smart and had already suspected something, but still." "Yeah," Nico agreed, bitterness hanging on his words, "how awful it must've been to wake up and suddenly be in a time you don't recognize, don't fit in. You're clothes are long out of style, your words and common phrases are unknown and might land you in the Room." Will winced. He hadn't been thinking when he made that comment. "Nico, I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking." "No. You weren't." After a moment's pause, he continued. "But I can't blame you either for forgetting." "Nico, you are the only person I truly care about so deeply. I shouldn't forget something like that; it's too important. I swear I won't forget anymore. I won't forget about that story you told me about Warner. The boy who was gassed because he kissed you." "He wasn't killed because he kissed me, Will," Nico replied immediately. "He was a Jew, and the Nazis took and killed Jews. That kiss wasn't because we liked each other so much - we were like six! It was just something that kids do. Or have you not seen children interact lately. It's common for them to kiss each other because they're told that's what people do with people they like. Being friends means they like each other, ergo, Warner's kiss meant absolutely nothing. Just because I enjoyed being kissed by him, doesn't mean that I knew I only liked boys. It was the most love I had been given outside of my mother and sister, so of course I was going to like it." "I'm sorry, Nico. I was being insensitive to your feelings again." "It's not the first time," Nico replied, "and it certainly won't be the last." Will breathed in. He knew in this relationship, he had to be the voice of reason. Nico had been through too much to think clearly himself sometimes. He would remain patient and help him through everything. "Nico, I love you." "Idiot," Nico responded, leaning over, leading Will into a passionate kiss. After they broke apart, Nico fell back onto the larger of the two beanbags. "We've got a lot of other movies to watch," he said, pointing to the stack he made on the bed, signaling for Will to carry on with the next one. "Might as well continue on with the Captain Americas, right?" "I don't care. We're going to watch all of them anyway." Will smiled. "I hope you're ready to lie there for like twenty-four hours." "You underestimate my ability to lay prone for long periods of time." Will chuckled, rolling off of his beanbag, and onto the same one as Nico. Will wrapped his arms around his boyfriend's waist despite his weak protests. They spent the rest of the afternoon cuddled together. Eventually, Will had fallen asleep, head resting on Nico's shoulders. It was Will's sleeping form that Nico loved to see the most. No worry evident on his face, completely calm. It was so peaceful, and it was moments like this that made Nico glad he was in this time now instead of his own. He continued watching the movie in silence, his fingers playing in Will's soft blond curls. Maybe his birthday wasn't as bad a day he thought it was.