top of the draw next to me. "I'm sorry I took long." She apologized. "It's okay um…" I didn't know her name so I didn't know what to say. "You can call me Sally." I nodded and started eating. We talked for a while about school, her family and food. The food was delicious, who knew that tuna was actually safe to eat! Sally even made orange juice-not buy orange juice from the supermarket but actually squeezed the juice out of fresh oranges! From the way it tasted, it was also yummy! I was staring at the glass for quite a while. "Is there anything wrong Annabeth?" Sally asked. Tapping on the glass, I looked up at her. "I've never tasted homemade orange juice before." "You haven't? Doesn't your mother make it? This is a very nutritious orange juice, the ones in the supermarket aren't as healthy." I shook my head. My step-mother never made any, I don't know why though. "Anyways Sally, where is…Tyson?" I asked. The little dude hasn't shown to see me after he went to the toilet. "Oh, little Tyson is downstairs in the living room, there's a marathon of SpongeBob episodes on Nickelodeon." "Oh, I see…What is this…SpongeBob?" I asked, totally confused. Sally looked at me like I was crazy. "Come downstairs and see for yourself." She stood up and I reacted fast, standing up too. We walked down a set of stairs and into a massive living room. Next to a gigantic window was a flat screen TV and in front of that was a couch. A boy popped up from the couch screaming at the TV…something like 'SpongeBob Squarepants!' What's that supposed to mean? "Ha, ha! Squidward and SpongeBob became two!" Tyson yelled. Wait- rephrase that… 'Squidward and SpongeBob became two…' He's learning dirty words already?! Is this some kind of porn TV show? How could Sally let him watch that? Ah, now I get what they meant by 'SpongeBob Squarepants' There's a boy called Bob and he has a sponge…He must have a square pants and it doesn't fit him so he…put the sponge in his pants which makes him more attractive! Then the girls…him…bed…Ah! Wait, Squidward's a weird name but if I separated the words…Squid-ward…Squid-worts? Squid-water? Squid-wood! Oh my gods! It's a gay porn TV show! The Squidwood guy has that name because he loves squids and sticks a long piece of wood in his pants to make his thing look big! –gasp!- So inappropriate for a 5 year old! Sally's eyes widened in shock and shook her head. "No, no, no. It's not that Annabeth." "Did I just…say that out loud?" I murmured and she nodded. Feeling embarrassed, I looked down at my socks. "A-anyway, come and sit down next to Tyson on the couch." I nodded slowly then walked soundlessly over to the couch, sat down and cried invisible tears. Ah, that was so weird and awkward! It turned out that the TV show on Nickelodeon (SpongeBob Squarepants), was just cartoon and it was really funny. It wasn't a gay porn TV show though I suspect that SpongeBob might be a player because he flirted…ish…With that Sandy girl, Mrs. Puff (I think that's her name) and his own best friend Patrick! But you know, the show is really interesting and after the marathon of SpongeBob Squarepants, Tyson and I begged Sally if we were allowed to buy the SpongeBob movie and she gave in. I was surprised though, how can she be so nice and to add, she's been like my own mother even if we only met today. Tyson and his older brother must be so lucky to have such a great mom, unlike me. There was a ringing sound from Sally's pocket and she took it out. It seemed to be a mobile phone. She answered it once she knew who it was. "Hello?" … "Oh honey, are you coming home now?" … "Because there are two keen people who want to buy the SpongeBob movie." … Sally laughed. "Well thank you honey, come home fast." She then hung up. "Was that your husband, Sally?" I asked. Putting her phone away, Sally shook her head. "It was my son, Tyson's older brother." She said. Now that I wonder, who is Tyson's older brother? I mean from what I heard, he's the one who…carried me here. Thinking about it just makes me embarrassed. "Oh…when is he going to be here?" I wondered. "In approximately 15 minutes I hope, but if the queue is long then 25 minutes." I nodded. So we waited for 20 minutes, playing Monopoly and Twister along with watching re-runs of SpongeBob. Then, a knock on the door was made and I was getting excited. First, I get to watch SpongeBob movie and second, I get to see Tyson's older brother, the guy who 'saved' me from freezing to death in Central Park. Tyson looked at me and I looked back at him. We both narrowed our eyes at each other then ran to the door with Sally laughing behind us. I was the first to get there, obviously. Feeling scared, I opened the door to find myself staring at the most gorgeous guy I've ever seen. How are you guys liking it so far? Do you guys want me to continue this? I just love making so many of these stories! Somehow when I 'try' to make One-shots, it always ends up being chapter stories so I literally have to change the title like this one. Please review this, I always get the energy to keep writing with reviews just like when people cheer their favorite sports team. It just gets me going. Well, that's the first chapter: Getting Away. The next chapter will be called: Getting to Know You. Unfortunately, I won't know when I'll publish the next chapter. Please don't rush me, if you do then I might suck on writing the chapter. See you till next time! ~Dan and Nathan {BelieveThatDude}~