next to me; quite a different response than I expected. "Look, I'm sorry I got you involved, Rachel." Ah, that. "No, you were right," she says slowly, glancing at me as if to make sure I don't circle back to the uncomfortable subject she just escaped. "I can see the path. I can't explain it, but it's really clear." She points toward the end of the room opposite to where they entered. "The workshop is that way...the heart of the maze," she adds I think for my benefit. "We're very close now. I don't know why the path led through that arena. I—I'm sorry about that. I thought you were going to die." She sounds like she is going to cry, so I reach over and try to rub her back comfortingly. "Hey, I'm usually about to die," Percy says lightly. "Don't feel bad." She stares at him, then sighs as some of the tension leaks away. "So you do this every summer? Fight monsters? Save the world? Don't you ever get to do just, you know, normal stuff?" "Half-bloods get used to it, I guess. Or maybe not used to it, but…" He shifts uncomfortably. "What about you? What do you do normally?" She shrugs. "I paint. I read a lot." Ah, the awkward conversations of teens getting to know each other. Percy charges through it, however. "What about your family?" Okay, I spoke too soon, now it's awkward. I stand up and stretch, looking around for Annabeth and thinking maybe I'll help her out. Unfortunately, she's already on her way back, carrying a few more sticks that Percy probably ignored. On the other hand, my standing up had the pleasant side effect of ending the painful conversation. "I'll take first watch," she says after eying the three of us in turn. "You guys should get some sleep." "I'm afraid I just slept for who knows how long, so I don't think I could fall asleep right now," I say, though I'm not sure it's true. I do know I'm too wired to sleep. "I could keep you company if you like." Her face flashes a look that says she'd like anything but. Luckily for me, though, there isn't really a way to get out of it unless someone else stays up, too. "Okay," she relents. Percy looks like he wants to say something, but he glances at Rachel who has already wordlessly curled up with her backpack as a makeshift pillow. He gives me a tired nod since Annabeth isn't looking, then lays down as well. She and I remain silent for some time, allowing the others to fall asleep, though she never turns her back on me. To once again reinforce the fact that I'm harmless, I turn my back on her. I take the opportunity to once again poke and prod at my magic, reveling in the sensations...in the life that magic brings to me. The magic I had used previously was already restored, and since we apparently wouldn't be going anywhere for several hours, I decide I can safely waste some. I rest my hands on my knees, palms up, and summon a dim light in both of them. Then I convert one to fire; a flickering, orange candle flame that looks like a candle wick that is about to burn out. Then I convert the other to electricity; a small, blue orb with static-like arcs dancing around it. The arcs make a slight zapping sound, however, so I close that hand and move it over so both hands look like they're cupping water. Then I try to change the flame to actual water. It requires a lot more magic, perhaps, I theorize, since the other things are just energy but water is mass. I'm up to the challenge, however. The flame changes to a mist, which gathers with streams of mist snaking in from the surrounding air to form a small bead of water, rotating about a point above my cupped hands. I let it grow to the size of a marble before Annabeth interrupts me. "That's really amazing," she says, the proximity of her voice surprising me. She'd moved closer, watching me from the side. I drop the ball in surprise, which splashes first into my hands and then right down the front of my pants. I stare down at enormous wet spot, and then look over to see her biting her lip and barely stifling laughter. I let out a quiet chuckle. "See, that shows you what a coward I am. A few words from you and I just wet myself." A/N: This chapter was originally over 10k words, but I figured this was a good place to split it. If you start expecting 10k word chapters every time, the chances that I will continue to deliver just plummet. I got the mystiokinesis stuff from the Camp Half-Blood wiki. 'My' reaction above was accurate; I don't remember seeing any of that in the series proper. I think I found something in reference to a game, but nothing solid (and I never played any of the games). So if you know, let me know! Note that a portion of the dialogue is from The Battle of the Labyrinth . Since my stories are canon-compliant right up until the point where I wreak havoc upon the real story, I figure the dialog should start out similar. But don't worry, I'm hoping to take this story in an interesting direction in short order, with a couple non-canonical characters and items from Greek mythology that Rick Riordan didn't include. Also, I started writing this all the way back before The Mark of Athena , so at least some of this story will disregard any information in that book. This will become clear much later on. I welcome any and all feedback, from gushing praise to roaring flames. I also welcome...nay, I demand notification of any mistakes whatsoever, be they grammatical, temporal, canonical, or what have you.