Percy. That was the only reason she was here. He'd gone missing for months and hadn't seen him since. The only word she'd heard from him was a message he'd left on the phone but that was it. She just wanted to see her son again. She and Paul climbed the hill silently. Each lost in their own thoughts. Once they reached they top they were both surprised to see a dragon, a real life dragon, it's huge form wrapped around the trunk of a pine tree who had a golden fleece attached to it, but it didn't attack and Sally's heart eventually calmed down. Paul walked ahead without a problem which Sally found once again to be strange since there was usually a protective barrier around camp. He turned and stared at her in confusion as she hesitated. "It's alright Sally, come on." He smiled and held out his hand for her. She smiled unsurely and took his hand as she fallowed him. When she saw the view, she let out a gasp. It was beautiful. The forest, the grass, the cabins the sea. It was no wonder her son had always been eager to come back. Her son. Her heart swelled. He was here somewhere, and she could see him again and she could be able to hold him in her arms and tell him how much she'd missed him. She grinned like a young girl, and she pulled Paul along with her down the hill. As they neared the bottom a swarm of kids could be seen fallowing a seemingly new marble path towards the forest. She shared a confused look with Paul before she tapped a young girl on her shoulder. "Excuse me," She said politely. "I'm looking for Percy? Percy Jackson?" The little girls eyes widened a tad bit, and she looked away quickly and hurried into the crowd. Sally frowned, the feeling of unease returning as she tried again. The boy panicked as well, she could see it in his eyes, when she asked the question, but he told her that they were actually heading in the direction they needed to go. Apparently there was a huge meeting going on and the entire camp was needed there. Sally frowned. Now that she was looking more closely, she could see that despite the summer heat each and every kid was wearing black. The kid introduced himself as Chris and led them along the glittery white path deeper into the woods. The throng of kids grew steadily larger until they finally reached a clearing. Sally and Paul let out gasps of surprise and Sally tightened her grip on her husbands hand. A cemetery. Each gravestone brand new, was before them. Flowers littered the ground. The mob still continued to push forward though a few kids stopped occasionally to place more flowers near gravestones. When the kids stopped moving Sally froze, looking around frantically to see if she could see her son. A familiar mop of unruly black hair was a few feet in front of her, but it was only Poseidon. She pushed forward, a sense of panic gripping her. She pulled Paul along as she reached the god of the sea. "Where is he!?" She screamed at him. He jumped and turned and Sally's panic only grew as she saw he too was wearing black. "Wheres Percy?! Wheres my son?!" She yelled. Poseidon looked away and didn't answer. "Tell me!" The woman screamed at him. His eyes flickered and she was shocked to see...tears. Tears streamed from his face as he pointed behind her, to where everyone was looking. She turned slowly and let out a gasp. It too, was beautiful. It was a state, a marvelously sculpted statue. So well done it seemed almost to radiated life. But then she recognized the features, the kind smile, the happy face, and her blood turned to ice. The statue was of seven kids, five she did not recognize. A curly haired girl who had been sculpted laughing, a buff kid with his arm around her was smiling gaily. A kid with pointy ears seemed to be making something. A boy and girl, obviously a couple, were holding each other tight. And in the center? Percy and Annabeth. They had their fingers entwined as they held hands, foreheads resting against each other. Sally took a step forward. And another. She passed a punk girl who was crying, surrounded by other girls wearing silvery clothing who were trying to comfort her. She passed a man and his wife and two sons, the man had tears streaming from his eyes, the boys looked uncomprehendingly at everything. They didn't know what was going on. But she did. She knew it know, as tears formed in her eyes as she reached the foot of the statue. She lifted up a trembling hand but couldn't bear to touch it, to touch him. She slumped to the ground and hugged herself as she cried. I'm Sorry For a moment, Percy could have sworn he was floating. He felt light headed, insubstantial, but then with a sudden jolt, he felt solid again. But he still felt like he was floating. Floating on clouds. Because this bed was just so soft . He smiled and slowly opened his eyes to find himself staring into the gray eyes of his entire world. She smiled and kissed him gently. He wrapped his arms around her as he held her close until a cough made him sit up suddenly. His friends, all his friends, were staring at him in amusement. "Well it's about time!" Leo complained as he got to his feet. "We've been waiting forever." Percy stared at them, open mouthed. He turned to his Wisegirl to see her still smiling and he had to smile too. He could hear laughter, he could feel warm sunshine. He knew where he was and that was okay. He was okay with it. "Yeah," He said softly. "It's about time."