know," Logo said. 'Who names their kid Logo?' Lockwood thought to himself. He was about to ask, when a laugh rang through the arena. A laugh that made Lockwood's stomach flutter out of both nervousness and excitement. It was a laugh that was part endearment and part mischief. He glanced to the source, finding the girl from breakfast sparring with Sadie. He turned to Logo. "Who is that?" he asked, stealing Logo's attention. He had been focused on the same girl. His eyes lit up when he realized Lockwood was asking about her, though. "Oh, Trey? She's probably one of the most infamous campers here," he said with a twinkle in his eye. If Lockwood had doubted their relationship before, he didn't didn't now. "What do you mean?" he asked. "Well, let's just say, Travis and Connor's roles as the Head Counselors of the Hermes cabin are numbered," Logo answered, his attention on Trey. "What, so she's better at stealing stuff?" Logo laughed. "It's more than that. She can slip under everyone's radar. She can practically disappear. Even Rachel can't see her coming, and Rachel's the Oracle. Also, unlike most Hermes kids, she's beyond talented at combat. She could take on an Ares kid, no problem," he replied. Lockwood looked over at Connor and Travis. "Those two seem to be holding their own," he mused. Logo shrugged. "Yeah, but that's after years and years of training. Treyanna only got here last year, and she's already passed them when it comes to skill level," he told him. So that was the mysterious girl, notoriously talented. "Although, her sister Sadie is no joke. She told me to give this back," Logo said, holding up a familiar looking watch. "What the hell?!" Lockwood exclaimed, looking down at his wrist and finding his watch gone. Then he remembered Sadie shaking his hand this morning. Somehow, that must have been when she had slipped the watch. He took it from the other boy and slipped it on. He looked back up into the laughing eyes, and found his curiousity piqued. "Who's your dad?" he asked. Logo's eyebrows arched. "My dad is Victor Quinn. He's a street performer in Dallas," he answered. "I think what you meant to ask was who's my godly parent. And the answer to that would be Aphrodite." Lockwood nodded. The goddess of love? For some reason he just assumed she would only have girls. Though why he would just assume that he didn't know. He wasn't sexist, last he checked. He heard a yelp of pain and turned to see Sadie with a hand on her upper arm, her face a mask of pain. He saw Treyanna looking panicked. "Oh my god, S.J. I'm sorry! Are you okay?" she asked, dropping her sword to the ground and rushing to her sister. Lockwood watched as Sadie pulled her hand from her arm, her hand painted red. He swallowed thickly when he realized it was her blood. Logo was up and across the arena in seconds, catching Sadie just as she swayed and began to fall. Then Percy was there. "Someone get Will!" he yelled, and Lockwood watched as Connor and Travis sprinted from the arena. They laid Sadie gently on the ground. Lockwood went closer, seeing that the cut itself wasn't deep, and she wasn't losing much blood. "She's just in shock," he said loudly, causing all the hushed murmuring to cease. Percy looked up from his crouched portion beside her. "What do you mean?" he asked. Lockwood pushed past a couple more people and knelt next to her. Against everyone else's protests he started helping her sit up. "You're fine. You just saw the blood and it caused your body to go into shock. All you need is some antibiotics and bandages and you'll be just fine," he said in a low, soothing voice. Sadie nodded robotically just as their was some shuffling of the crowd. Lockwood looked away from her as boy with long, blonde, surfer hair and sky blue eyes descended upon them. "What happened?" he asked, studying the wound. Treyanna stepped forward. "We were sparring, and something distracted her. She was executing the block perfectly, but suddenly she lost control. Our swords were pushing against each other, and when her grip loosened so drastically, it caused mine to lurch forward and hit her arm," she said quickly, looking close to tears. Will sighed and pulled a water bottle from his shorts pocket, splashing it over the cut to clean the blood. "It's just a graze. Some ambrosia and bandages and you'll be right as rain," he told her, helping her stand. "I'll take you to the infirmary to patch you up, but you should be fine to finish your schedule afterwards." Sadie nodded, eyes still a little glassy, and went with him. Lockwood turned to Treyanna and Logo, who were hugging each other tightly. "She's alright. You didn't kill her," Logo said, sounding like he was trying to cheer her up. She nodded and buried her head in his chest without saying a word. Lockwood turned away, feeling like he was intruding on a private moment. And when he did, he saw a girl with dark hair and glasses talking to Connor Stoll. She was short and curvy, with pretty pale skin and her hair held back with a white headband. As if sensing him looking, she looked over at him. Lockwood took a step back. Her eyes were a bright, piercing blue that almost glowed. He could see them with perfect clarity, even from the other side of the arena. He felt his heart stutter nervously, caught under her scrutinizing expression. But then her lips spread in a smile, and she turned and walked away. Leaving Lockwood to wonder why, after just those few seconds, his breathing had already become so heavy. Author's Note: Alright guys, this was so much harder than it needed to be. Anyways I hope you like! As always, constructive criticism is welcome!