wasn't gone long, returning with two pans that had the delicious aroma of pizza coming from them. Nico placed them on the coffee table next to some drinks and plates, and a pizza cutter. Nico was clearly prepared for this. Unlike him. The TV was set up, blankets and pillows littered the floor, and the blinds were shut. The room was dark with the exception of the faint glow coming form the inactive TV. "What are we watching?" Nico asked, looking to Will as he began cutting the pizzas. Will shrugged. "I'm fine with anything." "I decided the food and location. The very least you can do is pick a freaking movie." Will sighed, knowing there was no arguing with Nico. He quickly picked up the first movie he found and gave it to Nico to put into the DVD player... If Nico had DVD player. "Here," Nico said, going over to a cabinet. "I have that one... Somewhere..." He filed through the movies there and pulled out the identical movie, only this time, VHS. He popped it into the player and soon enough, the movie started up. "Hey, Nico..." "Sh!" "I was just-" "Don't talk during the movie." "Do you have any drinks?" Nico glared at the screen as Will kept talking, but pointed to the cooler set up underneath the coffee table, his eyes never leaving the television. Will plucked a pop from the cooler, opening as quietly as possible so Nico wouldn't snap at him again. Altogether, the movie was slow, boring, and dare Will say, horrible. Nico had nearly fallen asleep during the movie which told Will it was as boring as he thought it was. "Your choice in movies suck," Nico informed Will as he rewound the VHS. Nico soon removed the movie, putting back into its case before standing up to go back to his cabinet of movies, picking up a different one. He smiled as he pulled the VHS out of its case, popping it into the player. Will took notice of the case, his eyes going wide. "Are you serious?! That's not appropriate for today!" Nico cocked his head. "I don't see why it's not... It's just another day as far as I'm concerned." "Piper is going to be so disappointed." "Why? Because I didn't want to go to her stupid party?" "No. Because you're romantic side isn't up to date." "Never has been, thank you for noticing." "Do we really have to watch this?" "Yes. I've had it for a long time, but never got around to actually watching it. It'll be fun." The movie started, and the very first thing Will noticed was that he couldn't read the words on the screen, nor understand the people that were talking. "Nico," Will groaned. "I can't understand..." Nico rolled his eyes, but didn't say anything. Will was starting to think he didn't understand either... Until while trying to grab Nico's attention, Will spilled his pop, that was pushed towards Nico, who immediately stood up, cursing in the same language as the movie. At least, Will assumed he was cursing. Will swallowed, not knowing what to do. But whatever Will was going to do was paused when Nico ripped his pajama shirt off revealing his usually veiled skin. Nico had a very nice body. Unlike what most people at camp thought, Nico wasn't anorexic skinny. Though quite thin, Will caught himself staring at a slightly muscled abdomen of his crush. Before he could stop himself, Will whistled and said, "Dang son, are you Pulmonary Embolism because you just took my breath away." "I hate to break it to you, but I don't know CPR. You better get your breathing under control because I don't want a dead body in my cabin." Will laughed. "Don't worry. I know CPR." "Because you can use it on yourself, right, sorry. I forgot," Nico responded sarcastically, putting on another shirt. Will found himself disappointed, but said nothing to Nico directly. "Hey, Nico, did you know that kissing lets go of this thing called dopamine?" "And I should care because...?" "It makes you happier. It also stops headaches." "Are you suggesting something?" Nico questioned with a raised eyebrow. "Oh, ow... I think I feel a migraine coming on." Nico rolled his eyes, but went over to Will, kissing him deeply on the lips. "Quit whining, you big baby," Nico said when he broke away. "You better now?" "All better," Will agreed, laying down on the pile of pillows. "Come lay with me." Nico's face burned with just that statement. "I think your meaning of that and mine are completely different," Nico told Will with a thick swallow. "Let's use mine," Will replied, pulling Nico down to lay with him. Will kissed Nico's forehead, running his fingers through Nico's black locks. The day was going just fine, and it wasn't even noon yet. A good day indeed. "Nico, I wasn't expecting things to go so smoothly." "Will, shut up and let me enjoy the rest of the movie." "I'm serious." "So am I. I'll rip your trachea right out of your throat. Pulmonary Embolism will be the least of your worries then." "I'm still trying to comprehend how this worked out so well for me... Us." "Well, it might have worked well for you, but getting to this point was hell for me." "Of course... Yeah, I know... But just... It's nice... You survived the storm, which means mine is still coming up... You'll help me when my problems come up, right?" "If you're so worried you can't do it yourself," Nico replied, kissing Will. "I'll be right here, right next to you..." He whispered something in Italian, making Will smiled. "I don't know what you just said, but I love you." "Idiot," Nico muttered, cuddling close, nuzzling close to Will. And before they knew it, Nico had fallen asleep on Will's chest, followed by Will dozing off just as the second movie was ending; not even noon yet.