blow if Will didn't stop soon. "I don't care. I've done it before, and it hasn't killed me yet. I'm fine, so why don't you just leave." "Nico, you need to tell someone. I get a feeling you've kept things to yourself for far too long." "I don't care. Go away." "Nico, I can empathize with you, not wanting to talk, but you really shou-" "You can't empathize!" Nico shouted, turning to Will. "No one can! No one else knows what it's like to lose your mother and sister! No one knows what it's like to go through Tartarus!" "Percy and Ann-" "ALONE," Nico added, getting up and out of bed. "Don't tell me that you can understand because no one can! Don't tell me that you know what it's like to have the dead whisper in your head on Halloween because you don't know. They tell me all the things I already know, but don't want to hear. I hate myself because I make everything harder for everyone else! So just leave. Before you get in too deep." Will didn't move. He had succeeded in getting Nico to talk, but he felt so guilty now. Nico was crying again, whether he realized it or not, and the sadness and pain in his eyes and body language was just so painful to look at. Will hadn't realized just how much Nico was holding in until that was said, and he was willing to bet that wasn't even half of it all... though they were big parts. When Will saw him standing at the party, he was so glad he had an excuse to talk to him, though it ended up like this. There was no used wondering how it would have been different, but Will was seriously thinking about how it could have gone. "Nico," Will started, looking at the boy, standing up as well. "You know... It's not good to hold it in... If you have to cry..." "Don't tell me to cry. Don't tell me to beg. Just shut up!" Nico covered his ears again, shaking his head. Will reached out for Nico again, this time, grabbing his wrists and not releasing them. Will pulled them away from Nico's ears, and kept them close to him. "Nico, don't listen to them. Listen to me; listen to my voice. You are not a monster. You are not weak. Nico, you aren't what they're telling you you are." Nico looked up, tears staining his face. "I can't," Nico said. "I can't do this. I can't win this time..." "Nico, you're not weak. You can win this year too. Don't worry about anything else. Just focus on me. Can you hear my voice?" Nico nodded. "I... I can hear..." "Good... You can beat them. Just calm down and relax. You've done this before... So you can do this again." Nico relaxed, and Will wrapped his arms around him comfortingly. "Atta boy. Just do that, and try to get some sleep. Okay?" Nico nearly fell into Will's embrace, crying into his shoulder, greedily breathing in deep breaths. "I'm sorry..." he whispered. "I'm sorry." "Don't be. You're fine... You're fine... Just relax." Nico nodded, obeying Will's words. Will brought Nico to the bed, and laid him down again. He got up to leave, but Nico grabbed his wrist. "Please don't leave," he said, face turned away from Will. Will smiled. "Of course I will," he told Nico, and sat down on the bed, rubbing Nico's back, hoping to help him fall asleep and just get some rest. Will woke up to a light entering the cabin from the door. Hazel stood in the doorway, looking at Will. "Did you stay here all night?" she asked a little louder than she intended. Will yawned, but nodded. He felt something pressed up against him, and immediately looked to see what it was. He had forgotten how he had fallen asleep, and relaxed when he saw Nico there, still asleep. "I'm sorry... Nico doesn't... He's not a people person... He probably caused some issues..." Will shook his head. "It's his best quality." Hazel tilted her head. "I don't know how that is.. But okay... It's time for dinner... I'll let you decide if it's better to leave him sleep or wake him to eat... You work in the infirmary, right?" Will nodded. "You can go eat. I'll take care of Nico." Hazel smiled. "Thanks, Will." Will nodded, and she was gone. Will sat there for a moment longer before he decided to wake up Nico. Will didn't know how to go about waking Nico, but he figured he'd give it a shot. "Nico, hey... Nico, wake up..." Will shook his shoulder gently. He didn't know if it was working, but it was soon confirmed when Nico groaned, and rolled over. "Nico, it's time for breakfast. Wake up." Nico opened an eye, closed it, then opened both eyes, sitting up slowly, as if he were in pain. "Did you sleep well?" Nico nodded. "I think... It was the best sleep I've had..." he yawned, "..in a long time." Will smiled. "I'm glad. And hey, about last night..." "Please... I don't want to talk about it." "That's not what I was getting at," Will quickly said. "I just wanted to tell you... If you need anything, I'll listen. I'm not doing it for anyone but myself... Promise you'll come to me if you need to get something off your chest?" Nico didn't answer right away, and at first, Will thought that he wasn't going to say anything at all. "Will... Thank you," Nico eventually said. "But I don't think I'll be able to tell anyone anything for a while." "I get it. Just come to me though when that time comes. Okay?" Nico nodded. "Those spirits leaving you alone?" Nico nodded again. Will also nodded, and put a hand on Nico's shoulder, which made the shorter one look up. "I'll be there when you need me. I promise."