thankful he didn't ask anything else related to the topic. Nico, while sideways on the hill, decided to sit down, but did so without taking his skis off. He took off his hat and goggles, revealing his silky black hair and dark eyes. Will did the same, but he couldn't help but mention how different things were without his goggles. "Everything's BLUE!" he shouted, looking around, not missing Nico who rolled his eyes. "That's because you were wearing red goggles," Nico explained easily. "It's like you've never done this before." "Well I've never had to wear goggles for snowboarding. I never really understood the point." "Do you want to try to go down the rest of the way without them then?" Nico asked. "I wouldn't suggest it, but hey, who am I to tell you what to do?" "Shove off... What time is it anyway?" Nico shrugged, taking off his gloves before pulling out his LPhone ( Leo Phone - because I'm running out of time and can't be more creative ) to check the time. "It's nearing midnight. We should probably go find the others..." "Let's not. They're probably going to be doing that kiss at midnight thing anyway." Nico looked at Will, confusion in his features. Will couldn't help but think of how adorable Nico looked with his head cocked like a puppy's. "What's that look for?" Will had to ask. "What 'kiss at midnight thing'?" "You know... That thing where the couples kiss each other at midnight..? It's huge in this country." "First I've heard about it," Nico said, putting his head in his hands to wipe off the snow on his face. The flakes falling from the sky deeply contrasted Nico's clothes and hair, and Will smiled at how cute the son of Hades was - even if he was one of the scariest demigods when angered. "Yeah... But wouldn't it be nice to be kissed like that? I mean... It's in their minds that they'll be together forever, and be able to do all of this. I think that when I get a significant other, it'll be the best thing in the world to know that they love me and want to be with me forever. You know?" "No, I don't," Nico answered. Will didn't miss the slight bad mood that was coming on. Will dropped the topic knowing that if he continued now, it would only end up with him getting a black eye or something like that. Will reached over and checked the time on Nico's phone. He swallowed thinking about everything that could go wrong if he did this. But there was no other way he could say it, and if Nico didn't like it... Then Will would have to put up with Nico hating him for the rest of his life. Something he really didn't want to do, but if he wanted Nico to know how he felt, he had to do this now. He had helped the younger (or was he older) demigod on several occasions... Whether it was getting something off his chest, or healing him from battle, Will had become a constant in Nico's life, and despite that being said, Will wanted to become the kind of constant that didn't fade over time. Before he could convince himself otherwise, Will leaned over, and just as the clocked changed from 23:59 to 0:00, Will kissed Nico. Nico, on the other hand, froze upon the impact of Will's lips with his own. He didn't know what to do now. What was Will trying to do? "I... We should get back to the others," Nico said after pushing himself away from Will, getting up and began gliding down the rest of the hill. Will could only sit there shouting to Nico, "Nico wait! I'm sorry! I don't know what I was thinking! I didn't mean to! It doesn't have any meaning! Please!" Will felt tears prick his eyes as he watched Nico's form get smaller and smaller before he could no longer see him. He knew he messed up, and now he didn't know if there was a way to fix it. "Why are you so bad at this?" Will asked himself, getting up. He put his goggles and hat back on, and was about to get going before he noticed Nico's gloves, hat, and ski goggles sitting on the snow next to where he stood. "What are you going to do now?" he questioned himself again, picking up Nico's things. "He probably hates you now, and even though you said you could live with it, you know you really can't." He sighed, getting himself in motion before he talked more to himself, watching Nico's path best he could so he could make sure the other was okay. "Things were just fine the way they were, but then you got the brilliant idea to tell him how you feel about him, and how does that turn out for you? Not well. Nope. Now you'll have to move on... Maybe move away so you won't torture him with your presence." Will continued on, not seeing any sign of Nico except the marks in the snow his skis left. "What are you going to do now?" He asked, though the question wasn't only directed at himself, but it was also meant for Nico. He didn't know how things were going to be now, but something told him that things would work out for him. If only his brain would listen to his instincts. Will came up to the rest of the group, though Nico wasn't with them. He felt his heart skip a beat with extreme guilt when he realized Nico was probably gone because of him. "How are you supposed to fix this now?" Will asked one last question to himself before he prepared to return to Camp Half-Blood. Where things would hopefully go back to the way they were... But Will knew things would never be the same for him again.