a lot, including the combat skills of Heroes. Thalia took over the domain of Justice from her father, and both Childbirth and Maidens from Artemis. Zeus, as Riordan presents him, is simply too paranoid and not level headed enough to accurately encompass Justice. After the Titanomachy, sure it made sense for him. But not now, several centuries later. And taking over Childbirth and Maidens are simply to allow for Artemis to dedicate more time to her dominion over the Hunt. Artemis still dislikes men in her time, yet does not hate them. She is able to admit when they have skill, and as such, will invite them to join the Hunt. Under the pretense that they don't pursue her huntresses of course. Nico took Darkness over from his father, so that Hades could focus more on the Dead and the Underworld (Hazel's taking of the precious metals also assisting). His dominion over fear is different from Phobos. As Phobos is simply the personification of War brought Fear, Nico's is more of Natural and True Fear. Remember Grover's little "all rational creatures fear the dark"? That's the sort of Fear Nico encompasses, all of humanity's natural fears. Humans fear being alone, they fear death, they fear what they do not understand- those are the fears belonging in Nico's domain. And his dominion over Grudges? A small dominion in practice, but one that is large in effect. The reason that holding grudges is identified as a fatal flaw is because of how similar it is to personal loyalty. Personal loyalty makes it so that one is a very forgiving individual, under the hopes that they can be saved and be made into 'good' people. Holding grudges makes it so that you are loyal to an individual so much that, once that trust is broken, you find it nigh impossible to trust them ever again. Even in canon, Nico was hesitant to trust Percy again. And remember, a grudge against the gods was enough for Luke to betray them and revive Kronos to bring about their downfall. Grudges are powerful and deadly things I allude back a lot to how Perlico didn't bow for one reason; it symbolises their canon and fanon positions. After the Sword of Hades, the fanon began calling Percy, Thalia, and Nico the next Big Three. In fact, Google "Children of the Big Three". Almost all of the fan art is of that trio, because they are canonically the strongest Heroes of their generation, while fanonically being the "Next Big Three". Them having more and stronger domains is because of their statuses within the fanon. They wouldn't bow because their strength gives them great pride. Add that on to their being, again, children of the Big Three, and their pride essentially prevents them from bowing. Percy especially, what with her being both Greek and Roman, a former leader of both camps, and the strongest half-blood alive. And no, there won't be any huge freak out to the three dating. They're far too reserved for that (even Poseidon). Zeus and Poseidon will glare a lot at Percy and Thalia respectively, and Hades I doubt would really care all that much. Zeus and Poseidon are both just super overprotective dads, though reserved ones. And unlike other stories where the gods explode and such about how they came from the future, or how the Big Three broke their pact, that's also not there. The gods have been alive for centuries, I think enough crazy shit has happened in their lifetime that nine children of theirs that came back in time and declared they were gods doesn't really shock them all that much. Like the summary says, immortality can desensitise you. And I feel Hestia would be rational enough to know when to keep her siblings controlled, and has enough authority as the eldest born child of Kronos and Rhea, and the Goddess of Domesticity. The varying POVs between Percy and Hestia were also there as symbolism. They both symbolise the main themes of this work- Percy represents the loyalty the gods should have to each other, as well as the loyalty the half-bloods should have to their godly family and the loyalty that should exist between the Romans and the Greeks, all to fend off grudges like Luke's, or the rivalry between the entirety of the Greeks and the entirety of the Romans, Percy being both Greek and Roman herself, while also being in a romantic relationship with the God of Grudges. Hestia represents, obviously, the familial bonds that need to be present so as to prevent the Second Titanomachy and the Second Gigantomachy, as well as to prevent anymore great disasters that could befall Olympus and the gods, as well as the immortals. I always viewed Hestia as truly being the strongest goddess in the Greek Mythology, same with Vesta in the Roman, simply because of how powerful familial bonds are and how much of an effect simply having a home can have on a person's psyche. The demigods that joined Kronos wanted a home where they felt like they belonged, and they wanted a family that they felt loved them. And of course, the gods couldn't provide this because of the Ancient Laws. And that is the reason behind the themes of a home, a family, and loyalty will be making such a large presence in this story. Anyway, the next chapter will be up right after this one, once I have the author's notes done with that one. The next chapter will have the Next Generation explaining their reasoning behind coming back in time, and the summary present on the back of the Lightning Thief. Chapter three will actually begin the book, and then onward from there. Also, without ANs this thing was at just over 3,400 words. Now, with ANs, it's at nearly 6,400. That's about five pages of notes and explanations that I know at least one person would have asked about, if not a lot more.