were battling a hydra? In this weather, without a jacket?" That's my mom. Want to fight a highly dangerous monster capable of killing you a million different ways? Have fun! Want to go outside in the middle of October without a jacket? You'd have better luck reasoning with the monster. "Relax, Mom, it wasn't a big deal. There was plenty of superheated water to keep me warm." Before she could ask exactly what that meant, I turned back to my dad. "So why are you here then?" He wasn't smiling anymore. "I'm afraid I…well, I'm not sure quite how to say this." He looked at my mom, but she just raised her eyebrows. Apparently my dad was on his own. "Look, Percy, I haven't been entirely honest with you. Do you remember back when you were seven, and you found out I wasn't human?" I nodded. My mom had decided to go with a pool party for my birthday. The YMCA held the honor of being the first place to ever ban me. "Do you remember what the first thing you said to me was?" I thought back. "Uh, something like, 'Huh?' " My dad's faint smile returned. "Well, yes, there was quite a bit of that. I knew my children weren't known for their brains, but I'd had slightly higher hopes for you." "I was seven!" I protested, shooting a glare at Grover whose shoulders were shaking suspiciously. "Some children are already traveling across the country fighting monsters by age seven, as certain goddesses never fail to remind me." Poseidon glared at the ceiling briefly, and my mom and I exchanged a look we usually reserved for conspiracy theorists on the subway. "Anyway," my dad said as he cleared his throat, "after you finally figured out what we were talking about, you turned to me and asked, 'So when do I get to meet Hercules?' " I grimaced. I was seven . The only things I knew about Greek mythology came from the Disney movie, and Hercules was pretty awesome. Of course, it hadn't helped when my dad had introduced me to Grover a couple days later. I didn't bother to learn his name for two years. I just called him "Phil." "Right," I said, remembering. "And you said I couldn't meet him, because Hercules had died a long time ago. Back when the gods still had a bunch of kids." "Yes." My dad looked a little uncomfortable now, like he usually did whenever he had to do a parenting thing. And like he usually did when confronted with parenting, he turned to my mom. She sighed. "Look, Percy, I haven't been home-schooling you so you could fight monsters full time. Or because I didn't think the schools could handle your dyslexia. The truth is…all demigods get home-schooled." "Yeah, so?" I asked, not understanding what the big deal was. My parents shared another look, and my mom repeated, " All demigods get home-schooled." I was starting to get annoyed when suddenly her words sunk in. "Wait, so there were more demigods before me?" My dad nodded. "Yes. And…well, not just before you." I was confused, and it must have shown, because Grover spoke next. "Percy, you're not the only demigod alive today. There are actually quite a few." My heart stopped, but only until I realized how angry I was. "So what was all that 'you have to fight monsters because no one else can' stuff? And the endless hours training by myself at the bottom of the ocean? And being told every day how 'special' I am, being the first demigod born in 150 years?" "You are special," my mom said sharply. "And I'm not just saying that because I'm your mother. You're so special that we finally had to tell you all this. We were supposed to tell you months ago, but you were so happy…" Now my mom looked like she was going to burst into tears, which made me feel guilty. I hadn't meant to make her cry, even if she'd been lying to me for almost ten years. "Why now?" I asked instead, hoping to distract her. "Why today?" My father glanced at the door. "The time has come for you to leave home, Percy. The extraction team should be here any moment." "What?" I demanded, panicking. I looked at my mom. "I don't want to leave!" Now my mom definitely had tears in her eyes. "We don't have a choice, Percy. If you stay here, we can't protect you anymore. And you'll be needed at camp." " 'Protect me?' " I repeated in disbelief. I was the one who protected everyone else! Suddenly it dawned on me. "This is about the girl, isn't it?" This stopped both my parents. Grover groaned. "What girl?" asked my mom. She grinned a little. "Is she cute?" I tried to stop it, but I know I blushed a little. Leave it to my mom to turn this into an opportunity to pry into my love life. I decided to ignore the question. "The blond girl who wants to kill me! Is she the reason I have to go into hiding?" "No one said anything about hiding." My dad was probably trying to make me feel better, but given the monsters I'd faced lately, I wasn't sure hiding would be such a terrible thing. "Tell me about this girl." Before I could, a knock came at the door, and my mom went to open it. I don't know what I was expecting. Mrs. Bayer from across the hall to borrow a cup of sugar, maybe. Old Mr. Norman telling us to keep the shouting down, even though everyone knew he was going deaf. Something like that. I definitely was not expecting to see a man in a wheelchair surrounded by half a dozen kids in Greek armor. The man looked vaguely familiar, but not nearly as familiar as the gray-eyed blond girl behind him glaring directly at me.