taking shots, but ultimately getting nowhere, the game remaining even for long minutes. The referee blew his whistle, stopping the play when Markowitz was hooked to the ground. One of the Gryphons was sent to the penalty box for two minutes, and the Furies' first powerplay unit was sent onto the ice, Coach Hedge barking instructions at them as they went. This was their big chance. For two minutes, they'd have a one-man advantage over the Gryphons - known for their discipline, and at the bottom of the league when it came to penalty minutes - and if there was ever an opportunity to score against one of the top teams in the league, it was now. Play started again, and despite the team firing shot after shot at the Gryphon goal, they failed to score, narrowly missing the goal by a hair, or simply having the Gryphons' goalie snagging the shot out of the air with clean precision. Grace came close with a slapshot, but it hit the wrong side of the goal post and ricocheted off into the corner. Three Furies and three Gryphons tried to pry the puck loose from the boarding, digging after it with their sticks. Nico didn't see what made the puck come loose, or who had been responsible for it, but when it came loose, Markowitz didn't waste a single second, passing it to Grace around the defenseman covering him. Grace was completely open, and took advantage with a precise wrist shot, sending the puck into the goal. Nico jumped up, throwing his hands into the air as the goal horn sounded. He grinned when the players on the ice piled onto Grace. The happiness was palpable, the crowd cheering so loud Nico's rang and drowning out the already loud goal song. It was an intoxicating feeling, warmth blooming in Nico's chest. The players skated by the bench, bumping gloves with their teammates. Nico stayed where he was - he wasn't a part of the team, and as an outsider, he'd only feel weird sharing in what was essentially a team activity. A part of him wanted to join in the celebrations, as if donning the Furies' orange had made him a real part of the team, but he was just the guy filling in for an actual teammate. Grace apparently wasn't having any of it, coming to a stop in front of Nico, raising his eyebrow and holding out a gloved hand, only stepping onto the bench after Nico had given him a fistbump. After the goal had been called over the stadium speakers, the play continued, the team seeming extra motivated by being in the lead, even if it was only by one goal. There were still two periods left, and eight minutes in this one, but for now it was more than enough to build on. The Gryphons got more aggressive in their play, throwing checks that made Nico wince in sympathetic pain and thank his lucky stars that he'd decided to play goalie as a kid, but despite all of that, Markowitz scored again, taking the Furies to a 2-0 lead. The celebration was short-lived, however, when Gryphon star player, Damien White, broke away. With no defense to back Ahlstrom up, White got all the time in the world to line up a clear shot to the back of the net. Nico hissed out a curse. Ahlstrom should have seen White coming from a mile away; the way White held his stick was a clear indicator that he'd be shooting top shelf, and Ahlstrom had been covering low, unable to lift his glove in time to stop the shot. Next to him, the coach snarled at the two defensemen responsible for letting White slip. Both Castor Bach and Danny Pollux looked apologetic, their heads hanging as the coach tore into them. "Now get out there and be better!" Coach Hedge yelled, and both d-men hopped over the boarding and back into the play. Despite Grace and Zhang's effort to control them, and an awesome job by the forwards on the backcheck, the Gryphons got more dangerous as the period winded down. After being stuck defending for a solid two minutes, the Furies were tired, but there was no window for a line change just yet. They needed to get the puck out into neutral ice to buy themselves some breathing room, and get fresh players on the ice. Instead, the puck landed on White's stick, who deftly skated around Gardner covering him and skated closer to the goal. It was a goal waiting to happen, had it not been for Sherman Yang coming in from the side, levelling White with a vicious hit, sending him flying onto Ahlstrom. Nico wished he hadn't heard Ahlstrom's cry as White landed on him - a sound of pure agony torn from his throat. This isn't good , Nico thought, and the gasps from the crowd and the furious reaction from the bench backed it up. White slowly crawled off Ahlstrom as one of the Gryphons grabbed Yang by the jersey, throwing his gloves to the ice as a challenge to a fight. Yang gladly reciprocated, and the two started throwing punches at each other. The fight was quickly broken up by the refs, but hardly anyone paid attention; everyone was staring at Ahlstrom, laid on the ice, clutching his right shoulder in pain. A blond guy in an orange and black poloshirt dashed past Nico, gingerly stepping onto the ice before shuffling over to the goal. He kneeled by Ahlstrom, sharing a few quick words with him, then turned around and shook his head at the bench, prompting the coach to bark out a loud "Fuck!" Nico watched as Ahlstrom sat, clutching his right arm to his body. Before Ahlstrom even got up, Coach Hedge stepped into his field of vision, flanked by Anderson. "Kid, you're up." Hey guys, this is my new fic. Hope you enjoy it. Please, leave a review!