really thought about it. He supposed he was okay. There was just a lot. He didn't know how to take it all in. He shrugged. Will came into his room, closing the door behind him before sitting down. Cutting off one exit , he couldn't help thinking. "I'll invite my friends over tomorrow so you can meet them." "You don't have to." "I want to." Will paused then smiled. "I mean; I know I can't force you to become friends with them. You might not like them; they might not like you but I figured it would be nice to know some people before you go to school." "Nice of you." "Thanks. I… I know my parents already told you but we really do just want you to be comfortable here." "That's something else you can't force though isn't it?" Will considered. "I guess. Some awkwardness is going to be inevitable in this situation. But we can do everything we can to make you feel better about it." "And what about you?" "Hmm?" "What do you think is worse?" Nico suddenly changed direction. "Moving into a new house full of strangers or having a stranger move into your house?" Will smiled weakly and ran a hand through his shaggy blonde hair. "I suppose moving into a house full of strangers is weirder." He was silent for a second. "But I hope we can overcome being strangers soon." Nico didn't reply. "Tell me about yourself." Will looked directly at him. Nico gave him a closed smile; the first time he had smiled all day. Ahh so this was what he wanted . It wasn't completely unexpected. Nico knew these people would be curious about him, want to know more about his past, want to understand him. "What do you want to know?" "Before foster care, where were you?" "On the streets," Nico answered bluntly. He liked seeing how that answer made people uncomfortable but Will didn't hesitate. "Before that?" Nico hummed as he thought back. "Military school." It was basically the truth, just leaving out a few details. "And you dropped out?" "Yeah." "Was it so terrible?" "No. Westover was like a big evil castle that hung medieval war weapons as decoration," Nico remembered. "The place was strict but that just meant the kids were wild whenever they were let loose." Will looked intrigued. "You went to school in a castle? Like Harry Potter? That's so cool. But why did you drop out?" Nico's face hardened. He shrugged nonchalantly. This was not a topic he wanted to talk about. Will seemed to take the hint and didn't press him. "What about your parents?" "My mom died in a hotel building collapse. My dad's a businessman. He owns a lot of land, mining companies and has a chain of funeral homes." "But then why- " Nico knew what he was going to ask. "My dad didn't get custody. He was never married to my mom, I don't carry his last name and I was born in Italy so the records were lost or hard to transfer. Its just a bunch of legal stuff." "Oh." Will frowned. "But still, if he's so powerful- " "I was never close to my dad," Nico interrupted again. "And he travels a lot so it's not like he could have raised me anyway. He did let me stay at his place unofficially though. I guess he just knew he couldn't control me, couldn't stop me from leaving so this was the best solution. He gives me money through my bank account so I can take whatever I need and I can stay at his place whenever I want. He's mostly not there anyway." Will seemed to process all of this. "So… why aren't you there now?" Nico smiled wryly. "Well I got caught. And put in foster care." Will nodded in understanding. "And now you're here." "And now I'm here." "Don't run Nico." "What?" Nico was taken aback. Will fixed him with a soft yet somehow determined look. "Don't run away from us. You could have a nice life here; go to school, be part of our family." Nico was a little speechless but Will didn't give him a chance to answer. "Seriously. I'm happy to have you for a brother. And I'd like to be your friend too, if you give me the chance. My door is always open to you." Nico swallowed then put on a sarcastic smile. "Aren't you afraid I'm going to murder you in your sleep? You have no idea what kind of person I am. I could be anybody." Will smiled at him too and leaned forward. "Well you have to give trust to get trust. And I look forward to finding out exactly what kind of person you are." No you won't. Will got up and left his room, which seemed a bit hotter now then before. Nico ran a hand through his hair and sighed. Nothing had changed. He was still going to see where this would go. But now he was slightly curious about Will himself. Why was he so... so welcoming? It was his parents adopting Nico not Will himself. He laid in his bed under the covers, lights turned off. The dim blue light from a streetlamp filtered in through his window. Here he was. Laying in a bedroom in this nice family home. Where Nico had allowed himself to drift. That's what he was really doing. He drifted from place to place, city to town. From people's couches to floors to park benches. He drifted from his father's high rise condo, coming and leaving but never staying. It was why he allowed himself to get taken in foster care. He was just going wherever life took him because he had no destination. Nico wondered how many more places he would drift to in his life; he was only fourteen. Yet he was so weary already. And so lost in too many senses of the word.