of sentries on the side walls. The side wall shifts always overlap, making sure that somebody is always on the walls. However, there is a five minute period between the gate shifts where nobody is guarding them. Or so it seems. There are however, two sentries that are in the towers that are posted next to the gate that are always manned. As long as they are there, nobody will be able to get in or out of the camp without their knowing." The boy nodded. Leaning down, he whispered something that wasn't audible to Artemis, but it ended with the Empousa smiling. Suddenly, faster than lightning, the boy thrusted his knife into the Empousa, causing her to gasp in pain, and fall to the ground. Artemis placed her hands over her mouth at the blatant use of the female, and felt anger rise up inside her against the boy. How dare he use the woman for his own pleasure and dispose of her when he was done? The Nerve! Turning her thoughts back to the present she watched as the male in front of her stood above the slowly dying Empousa. Gasping weakly, the monster weakly said, "I... I thought you loved me..." The boy simply starred down at her and said, "I never loved you. And you never loved me. We both know that. Have fun in Hell." Before spinning the knife, transforming it into a large handgun, and shot her three times in the head. Artemis couldn't help it. She gasped, and quickly threw her hand over her mouth, hoping that the boy hadn't heard her. Faster than he had stabbed the Empousa, the boy's head snapped up and scanned the area carefully until they landed upon her hiding spot. Artemis flew behind the tree and made herself as small as she possibly could. After a moment, she head the sound of leaves crunching until the eventually faded off into the distance. Turning her head to see if the coast was clear, she sighed in relief when all she saw in the clearing was a small pile of monster dust, which was slowly being blown away by the wind. Turning back around the she yelped in surprise when she felt the icy smoothness of a celestial bronze blade pressed against her throat. Following the blade up the arm and two the owner, she blinked in surprise and let out a small breath. Holding the blade up to her throat was easily the most beautiful man that Artemis had ever seen. His hair was a tousled dirty blond that fell over his eyes in waves that gave Artemis the strange urge to run her hands through them. Eyes that blazed a brilliant Hazel were complemented with heavy, thick brows, and long eyelashes. His nose was strong and the perfect size. High cheekbones and perfect sized cheeks that were caved in just enough lead down to a set of perfectly proportionate lips had were just begging to be kissed. And his jawline, oh, is jawline. It would have made Apollo jealous. Strong and clear, Artemis had no doubt that if it was a weapon, it would have easily been able to slice through any material. A small trace of stubble graced is jawline, toping him off, making his attraction a 20/10. All in all, he was the male epitome of perfection. And it, for the strangest reason, made Artemis weak at the knees. 'Why am I feeling like this? I'm Artemis! The goddess of Chasity, leader of the hunters! Eternal Virgin! I shouldn't be feeling these emotions and feelings! Especially towards a male! So why is my body reacting to him like this!?' Then, suddenly, just as quickly as the thought had come to her, another came to her. "Y our status as an Olympian Goddess will be temporally revoked. You will become a full-fledged mortal and you will feel human emotions to their fullest." Oh. That explains it. Turning her attention back towards the man, she noticed that he was giving her a questioning look, and it dawned upon her that she had been asked a question. "Huh?" The boy threw his head back and laughed, giving Artemis a view of his perfectly aligned teeth and muscular neck. Turning his head back so she could see the fullness of his face, he smiled at her and Artemis lost all the strength in her knees. His smile was perfect, and it just made the newly breed human emotions inside of her scream, "MAKE LOVE WITH HIM! HE'S PERFECT!" Fortunately for her, he noticed that she was having some trouble standing and took a step closer as to hold her up to the tree with his body. Despite her strict hunter's mind, Artemis couldn't help but feel the firmness of his chest and abdomen pressed up against her own, sending her senses into overdrive. She suddenly decided that when her punishment was over, she was either going to be far more strict, or more lenient towards her hunters breaking their oaths. Because Holy Hera, her body was practically begging her to throw herself at him and to take him where they were right now. 'Stop.' She mentally berated herself, 'You are Artemis, and you can control yourself. So TELL YOUR BODY TO STOP!' As soon as she thought that, the emotions and desire dissipated, leaving behind only anger and rage of the position she was currently in. Leaning close the boy asked, his breath tickling her neck, "I asked... Who are you? And why were you watching me?" A/N: WHOASHFA! DANG! I know for sure that this story will be "M." That much is clear. Especially with who the main character is... I'd have to be crazy to rate it any lower than "M." Sorry for the short chapter! I promise that the other ones will be a bit longer... hopefully! Please Rate and Review, especially review! THEY ARE THE FUEL THAT KEEPS ME GOING! See you guys next Chapter!