slim, I was scared they'd snap under my weight. If I made one misstep, my brain would spread across the street for more than two blocks - oh, that was gross picture. I climbed anyway, as best as I could while trying not to cut my face with a sword in my hand. My ankles and legs were tugged down on the way several times. The sword would whip below on its own will, which was great, expect there were many times when I nearly lost my grip from the sword's manhandling. The rain started pouring down this time as more thunderclouds gathered around the tower. A few shadows actually lost their grip from and fell. I almost joined them. A lightning bolt barely missed me. A ladder bar snapped under my foot. The remaining creatures sounded like they were cheering with a mix of upbeat growls and screeches, no doubt encouraging me to fall. I was able to pull myself up with all my strength and reach the top. It felt almost too easy. I hate being right in the wrong moments. Before I could take the crystal pommel piece, flashes of lightning blinded me. My arms couldn't move. It felt like metal ribbons were binding me still. There was another flash. Multiple lightning bolts began dancing around the Needle, and then around me. I felt the voltage running through my sword, and my whole arm was burning so much that I couldn't feel anything. My body was tossed away from the sonic boom. Shards of glass showered over me. Bright white light started burning my eyes that it almost looked like the entire tower was on fire. Yield! said a very deep, metallic voice. A faint scream of a woman echoed in my head, warning me that it was a trap. Then I closed my eyes drowned in the black fog. ~000000000~ And back from the restroom break. I probably should've brought my deodorant spray with me... Maybe no one will notice when someone else uses it. Anyway, that's where my dream ended. Pretty dramatic, I know. I simply woke up in a small bedroom lying on my twin-sized bed, didn't even jolt up or whatever. But my heart was beating like a jackhammer; sweat ran down from my forehead and the back of my neck. Silently, I got off the bed and went to the bathroom down the hall, trying not to step on the squeaky floor spots. I removed my shirt to check my back after washing my face. The claw marks had disappeared. It was all a dream, of course... but the pain felt too real to be a dream. And I found another thing; when I lifted up my shirt, I felt my lungs dropped to my stomach. Several long torn shreds covered the backside of my shirt, as if a cat took its anger out on it. Those tears weren't there before, I was sure of it. Also, my foster family didn't have a cat. Without another thought, I stuffed my ruined shirt in the trash bin. Got tired of that shirt anyway, I tried convincing myself. As I turned off the lights and stepped out, a shadow appeared in the hallway. I made a quiet yelp. For a moment, I thought the taffy shadow zombies were real - but it turned out to be a little kid with really curly hair, my foster parents' son. He was still sleepy, but he knew it was me. He asked if I was okay. I wasn't sure how to answer that question. The answer A big scary monster tried to eat me! would just sound ridiculous for a 13 year-old to say that to a small third-grader; so I told him I only had bad dream and I was okay. "Are you sure?" the kid asked. "Yeah," I said. "It was just a dream." "Just a dream." I don't think he believed me. After telling him not to worry about me and to go back to bed, I went back to the bathroom, washed my face, then placed my hand against the mirror and stared at it. I still remembered the feeling when I held that sword, all that power – no, what the hell am I thinking? I don't care about power. I know I don't. Power is not always good...right? That was a really crazy dream, anyway. I found myself rubbing the pendant of my necklace, a habit whenever I think a lot. There was so much to think about. The sword, the monsters... all of those red glyphs from my dream. They looked like they were written in blood. I'm scared to think that it might be my blood. And the part when my arm felt like it was burning...I don't know why I'm remembering this now, but when I had woke up I realized my hand that held the sword and the rest of my arm felt so numb it was almost buzzing. Pins and needles. It worried me. I don't know why I wrote a lot, or why I wrote it like a story, but I'm kind of glad I finally let it out. I know it was just a dream, but still... I don't know. It's just weird that I still remember that particular dream that happened months ago. And another thing - I have a strange feeling something's going to happen soon. That didn't feel like a normal dream, more like a warning. It's still not very clear to me. Whatever it is, I know I'll be the one who caused the problem. Maybe I'm just nervous. My life's going to change a lot. I just know it. Well, I should stop right here for now. The sleeping guy next to me looks like he's about to lean over and drool on my head. I'm going to try to push my luck and see if I can convince the pretty flight attendant to move me to First Class.