either), so it was hard to tell, but he was pretty sure that could be flirting. He felt heat rise to his cheeks and he glared. "Whatever" He snapped "I'm going to get some wood for a fire" And with that, he got up and stalked out of the cave, carrying his taser with him and cursing Will Solace for nearly making him- Gods forbid- blush. Turns out Leo had been messing with the taser and Nico would be having serious words with him once he got back. he'd collected an arm full of wood fit for making a fire with, and was gathering more when someone grabbed his shoulder. Nico instinctively yelped and turned around, brandishing the only thing left in his hand- the stupid black box of electrical doom. He pressed the button and set it off, only instead of shocking his attacker, the taser let out a high pitched scream and fired whipped cream out of the end. Really. Leo was getting seriously pranked when Nico got home. Will blinked a few times, just as surprised as Nico was, before a large grin stretched across his face. "Don't you dare start laughing Solace" Nico snapped, throwing the weapon away and picking up the firewood. "That's some self defence mechanism you got there Sunshine- was that you screaming?" Will teased, trying and failing to hold in his chuckles. "No" Nico replied "Blame Leo for that" "You ruined my armour" Will pouted, looking down at his chest, which had now stopped glowing, extinguished by the whipped cream. "Just clean it off and stop being a baby" Nico told him sharply. "I might save it. If you get hungry, you can always lick it off my-" "Shut up. Shut up right now" Nico cut him off, beginning to walk back to the cave. He'd have to start the fire outside, so he didn't spook any of the Hell Hounds who preferred the dark and the shadows. The fire would agitate them and he couldn't have that. "Aw, come on Sunshine" Will whined "You're no fun" "Stop calling me that" Nico growled. Will just laughed. "It suits you- Sunshine" Nico was so close to throwing a stick at him. So, so close. He stomped back to the cave and dropped the sticks outside, arranging them into a suitable pile, and then pulled a small silver lighter out of his pocket. "You smoke?" Will asked. "No- you know those things can kill you" Nico replied dryly, and Will rolled his eyes. "So sarcastic, Sunshine- I'll never get a straight answer out of you, will I?" "Not likely" Will just sighed. Nico lit the fire and sat down on the ground before it, feeling the effects of his earlier shadow travel settle in his bones. He rested his head on his knees and watched the growing flames, making sure they didn't spread and cause a forest fire. Will tested the whipped cream on his tongue, and once he deemed it okay it was gone within a few moments, leaving Nico both impressed and slightly disgusted. "So, Nico- you may not be curious about me, but I am very curious about you, and your shenanigans with the team. So tell me your story" Will suggested, sitting on the opposite side of the fire. The sun was beginning to sink through the trees, making light bounce from his golden armour, turning the guy into a miniature sun right in front of Nico. Nico hugged his knees defensively. "Why would you want to know that? Its not exactly cheery" He grumbled, and Will shrugged. "I hear the others talk about you a lot- guess I wanna know more" The others talked about Nico? Enough to make a complete stranger curious about his existence? Nico was rather touched, even if it turned out that it was the persistent Will Solace that wanted to know his life story. "Yeah well, not much to know. I'm a cop. I have super powers. I was born in Italy with my Mom but then we moved here to be with my dad. That's about it" Will didn't look very impressed with Nico's watered-down re-telling of his life. Far from it, in fact. "You don't open up much do you? I can tell I'll have to work hard to get you to talk to me" He muttered. "I am talking to you" Nico pointed out, and Will snorted. "I meant without you brushing off every question I ask you about your past or yourself. Its not that hard to talk you know" "Yeah well, easy for you to say" "It isn't! My Name is Will, I was born in Louisianna and grew up on a farm with my Mom. I knew I had powers since I was a boy and I used them to work, because the crops weren't doing so good and we were running low on cash. I moved up here about a month ago now the farm is on its feet and my Mom has found a nice guy, and I can be a hero like I wanted, and help out in the Infirmary. I'm good at archery and healing hymns, and I can curse people to speak in rhyming couplets. See, easy" Will reeled off, and Nico sighed. "I just don't do talking, Solace" He told him, and Will raised an eyebrow. "An action man, are you? You don't look the type, but then you don't look like a Chatty Cathy either. Are you okay?" Will asked, noticing that Nico had begun to slump over slightly. "Yeah, just shadow travelling, takes it out of me sometimes" "You should sleep" "I'm fine" "As a medic I advise you rest" "Will, I'm fine" "Doctor's orders" "Ugh, Fine! If you'll shut up" Nico snapped, and Will grinned. "Will do Officer! Sweet dreams" Nico stalked into the cave and found and space beside the pregnant Hellhound, taking off his jacket and using it as a pillow, he drifted into a weary sleep.