saw his guarded expression. I realized, at that moment, that I was teetering on the verge of alienating him. He was so far, the first tolerable connection I had made here at this school, and a potential valuable future asset. Painfully, I decided not to scratch the itch. I decided this would be a conversation that would be better if I had it with my mother. Resolved on my decision, I simply nodded at Mr. Blofis. Mr. Blofis was the one to break the silence. "Right. Follow me to my desk. We will begin discussing your alternative assignment." - - We didn't discuss the assignment. For the last half hour of class I asked him question after question, and learned quite a lot about him. I learned that he drove a blue prius with 360,000 miles on it. I learned that he lived by himself in an apartment and owned 2 cats, one named Mozart and the other named Brahms. Behind his desk he pinned up a poster of band called the Aquaholics, a name I had no image for but seemed strangely familiar. A photo sat framed on his desk showing himself among a group of Africans perched atop a rooftop configuring solar panels. At at the bottom there was the word "Nansana" written in sharpie. "Cool picture you have there." I stated, gesturing towards the picture. "Sorry?" He said looking at me inquisitively, "Oh! Right, yes. That was only two years ago, actually. That was in Uganda, I was working with Greenpeace on improving village infrastructure." "So you're very new to teaching then?" "Not as new as you think. I taught for five years in Indiana, and had quit my job to make the African excursion. It was truly an incredible experience and - believe me - the fulfillment it gave me was indescribable. However, I knew from the beginning that a life working in those conditions was more alien than I could handle. Teaching was always my true calling." He finished, reaching out to his desk to grab a cup of coffee before returning to face me. "You're a regular Mother Teresa huh?" I asked, smirking. "I guess you could say that." He responded coyly before taking a sip of his coffee. After he finished taking his drink, he looked back up at me, and for a moment we simply sat in a state of exchanged perusal. His eyes were warm and playful behind the lens of his bifocals, and a single strand of sandy hair fell curved across his forehead, resting between his eyebrows. This time I was the one to break the silence. "Greenpeace huh? How many miles are on your Prius again?." I asked, looking downwards while picking at my fingernails. Mr. Blofis smiled and adjusted his glasses in feigned indignation. "Mock me now. But don't start blubbering when the Arctic Ice sheets are all gone and the Atlantic raises to waist deep in your kitchen." "Sure, but just imagine the appreciation of real estate. We'd have a beachfront property!" I replied quickly, earning a chuckle from Mr. Blofis. "Never mind real estate, I don't think you'd appreciate a recently homeless polar bear wandering south and eating your dog instead of a seal." He replied with a snort. I scoffed, "I'm not worried about Mrs. O'Leary, I think my dog could take a polar bear. I think you should be the one worrying, rising seawater could destroy the hydroponic garden in your basement." Mr. Blofis nearly spit out his coffee. "How on earth do you know about my hydroponic garden?" He demanded loudly, drawing the attention of several students in the room. "I didn't. You just confirmed my suspicion." I responded with as much boredom as I could muster, stroking my chin to hide my satisfaction. The other students in the room turned away from us and back to their occupations. Mr. Blofis set his cup of coffee down completely and regarded me carefully. He tilted his head downwards, studying me over the top rim of the bifocals like and orthodontist peering downwards into a patient's mouth. I pretended to ignore his examination as I spoke again. "Mind if I have a sip of your coffee?" I asked, coming out more snidely than I intentioned. Without lowering his gaze, Mr. Blofis reached to his desk, grabbed the coffee mug, and extended it towards me. "It's decaf." He said, still without relaxing his stare. "That's fine." I said as I took the cup. Still under his intense scrutiny, I brought it to my mouth and took a sip. "Thank you." I said, extending the cup to him. He extended his arm and grasped the cup tentatively, as if at any moment I would douse him with its contents. Just then the bell rang, signalling the end of class. He took the cup from me, set it on his desk, and turned to face the room. "Alright class! Wednesday we will be taking the quotes test. I have posted a study guide on my website which will help you greatly -" His voice trailed off as the last few students in the room shuffled out the door, totally ignoring Mr. Blofis' announcement. Soon it was just me and Mr. Blofis alone in the room. I stood up and jostled my backpack from the back of the chair, drawing the attention of Mr. Blofis. He turned to look at me and a quizzical frown took over his face. "We never did discuss your assignment, did we?" He asked, mostly to himself. I gave no response other than a shrug as I stretched my back, gave a great yawn, ran my fingers through my hair and shouldered my backpack all before walking past him and out of the room. I heard him call from behind me just as I reached the threshold. "I won't be spoiling you for long." Yeah, we'll see about that, I said silently, walking into the hallway to face the rest of the day.