from the dating world as you are. He might even be more wound up than you." "Ha ha," Jason remarked. "Just try, okay? If you want to get to know him, or date him, or whatever you want to do with him, try again. I'm pretty sure Mr. 'I'm Getting My Master's Degree' doesn't give up so easily." How could Jason say no to that? "Fine, fine, I'll give it another shot. But I doubt anything will come from it." Thalia smirked to herself, looking more smug than the Cheshire Cat. Jason gulped. That was the face of a woman up to no good. "Well, if anything does come from it, I'm expecting you to take Zoë and I out for a steak dinner." "Fine." "I think I'll order a filet." … Looking back on the evening, Nico di Angelo wished he hadn't even gone in to work at all. Balancing college classes, dancing, and work was enough of a challenge for Nico without throwing hot and apparently gay guys into the mix. No. No no no. After all, Nico had decided after his last shitty attempt at romance that nothing would ever be put in front of dancing again. Nothing that would even partially distract Nico from dance could be tolerated. And that giant dorky blond had "distraction" written all over him. Gods, it had sure taken Nico long enough to get his bearings, though. Yes, Nico always lacked the same grace in his actual life that he had while dancing, but he normally didn't stumble over his own feet at the sight of an attractive guy. Okay, a really attractive guy. Shit, how did anyone make a hoodie and sweatpants and glasses look good? Was he a college student or a damn Abercrombie model? And how could a guy that looked that good ever look at Nico and want to ask him on a date? Nico, who had undoubtedly looked like a sweaty mess. Jason probably had an ulterior motive, which was even more the reason to say no. Nico had more dignity than that. Now, that didn't make him want to jump the blond guy's bones any less, but he'd keep trying to convince himself otherwise. Nico's sex drive did not control him. He wouldn't let that happen. There was simply no time for Jason Grace in Nico's world, and that was life. Still, Nico couldn't help but think about the guy the entire walk back to his apartment. When he arrived home, Nico found his roommate Reyna angrily flipping the pages of a textbook. "Careful, or you'll rip a page," Nico teased, kicking off his shoes. Reyna evil-eyed him. "I hate this class," she lamented. "How was work?" Nico shrugged, passing by the couch and heading for his bedroom. "Fine," he lied. "Uh huh, what happened?" Reyna said, stopping Nico with the power of her words. Sometimes Nico hated having such an insightful best friend. If Percy were his roommate, Nico could get anything past him. Though, he supposed Percy was distracted by other things these days. Or rather, people. "It's nothing, really. Some guy was picking up his niece and he tried to flirt with me, I guess." "You guess?" She raised an eyebrow at him. "Shouldn't you be studying or something?" Nico asked, nodding at her discarded textbook and trying not to picture Jason's intense blue eyes or irresistibly dorky smile. "Was he hot?" "Maybe a little. Doesn't matter anyway." "When's the last time you went on a date?" "When's the last time you want on a date," he retorted. "Fair enough," she conceded. "Though, to be fair, I don't have apparently attractive men hitting on me." "I told you, it really wasn't anything. Don't make a big deal of it." Reyna shrugged and picked her book back up. "Okay, if you say so. But if you do want to talk…" "Yeah yeah, you'll be the first person I go to." Sometimes Reyna acted like more of a big sister to Nico than his own big sister. Ironic, since Nico and Reyna were actually the same age. In the over five years Nico and Reyna had been friends, Reyna had made it her job to look out for Nico in all aspects of life—dating included. Octavian probably still couldn't chew right. Nico shook the thought away. He didn't let his mind wander down that path anymore. Reyna had gone back to studying, so Nico retreated to his bedroom. He'd told Reyna what happened with Jason earlier hadn't been a big deal, but didn't know how true that statement actually was. Jason could present a problem if he continued to pursue Nico. Just a minute long conversation with the guy and Nico had been playing it back in his head for the last hour. The gods only knew what would happen if they spoke a second time. Though, maybe Nico was getting worried over nothing. In the five months that he'd been teaching Zoë Grace, this was the first time Nico laid eyes on her sexy uncle, and it was likely to be the last time, unless Jason turned into a first grade girl and enrolled in the class. Crisis averted, then. I'll never have to see him again. Or at least, so he thought. A/N: This chapter is just kind of setting everything up, the other ones will probably be longer. If this is the first time reading a story by me, I'd like to take this opportunity to go ahead and tell you to follow me on tumblr at nephilimgirlbooks. I always say when I'm updating my fics plus I post teasers and it's a great way to contact me. I always tag posts about my writing as #nephilimgirlbooks. This fic can also be found on AO3 at CarleeAdison. Okay, I hope I'm not forgetting anything. Oh! A note to all my Murder Suspect readers, check my author page or my tumblr account in the next day or so for a surprise ;)