to lean into their kisses; it made them much more intimate. Percy pulled back as a question rose to his mind, "Can we live near to the beach?" Maybe it wasn't the best time to be thinking about locations but Annabeth just laughed and assured him that they'll take a good look at all their options before choosing someplace to live. "Oh my gods, this is going to be great! You and me at Camp Jupiter, going to college, visiting the beach -" Percy gasped suddenly, "I can teach you how to surf!" Just as Annabeth was considering reminding Percy that she, unlike him, had no surfing abilities and would probably drown before he could save her, she noticed Nico out of the corner of her eye, wandering up to them with a funny look on his face. For once, he didn't look brooding, like he wanted to incinerate the lot of them and replace them with a skeleton army. In fact, he actually looked rather at ease. Percy acknowledged Nico's presence mid-speech, greeting him with a wide smile. "Hey, man," Percy said. "Annabeth just told me some good news. Sorry if I got a little loud." As he gazed down at Annabeth, his smile turned into the biggest goofy grin and tightened his arm around her. Nico raised an eyebrow, however, instead of coming off as contemptuous, this look seemed far more like amusement for once. "We're going to spend our senior year together," Annabeth explained, "here, in New York. And after graduation -" "College in New Rome!" Percy pumped his fist like he was blowing a truck horn. "Four years with no monsters to fight, no battles, no stupid prophecies. Just me and Annabeth, getting our degrees, hanging out at cafes, enjoying California-" "And after that. . ." Annabeth kissed Percy on the cheek, causing his stomach to do a little flip. "Well, Reyna and Frank said we could live in New Rome as long as we like." Percy heard the hope behind her words, he knew the feeling well. He had long imagined a future with Annabeth and ever since his stay at Camp Jupiter, he had hoped that it would be the place they could settle down. "That's great," Nice said. "I'm staying too, here at Camp Half-blood." "Awesome!" Percy said. He didn't really know what he was saying anymore, the feeling of elation had temporarily robbed him of coherent thought. "So," Nico said, "since we're going to be spending at least a year seeing each other at camp, I think I should clear the air." The weight of Nico's words startled Percy's joy-addled brain and he felt his smile slip. Had he offended the son of Hades? Did Nico still hold a grudge over Bianca's death? He knew it was his fault, but he thought that they'd moved past it. However, Nico's next words brought an abrupt halt to his thoughts. "For a long time, I had a crush on you. I just wanted you to know," Nico said, perfectly calm. All of a sudden, Percy's brain felt sluggish, as though it really were made of seaweed. He couldn't possibly have heard correctly. He turned to Annabeth for confirmation but she was just looking at Nico with a hint of a smile. Confused, Percy turned back to Nico, forcing his brain to come up with something, anything. "You-" He stopped, at a loss as to what to say next. "Yeah," Nico said. "You're a great person. But I'm over that. I'm happy for you guys." Nico looked so sincere but Percy's brain was having a hard time wrapping his head around all the things going on in the moment. Annabeth, college, New Rome, Camp Jupiter, Nico, crush, happy - huh? "You . . . so you mean - " "Right." Annabeth was definitely smiling now, looking back to watch Percy's face as he made the mental connections in his head, looking adorably confused as he made the slow realisation about what was going on. "Wait," said Percy. "So you mean - " he fumbled with his words. "Right," Nico said again. "But it's cool. We're cool. I mean, I see now . . . you're cute, but you're not my type." That confused Percy even more. Cute? He wasn't sure about that word. Good-looking? Yes. Awesome? Sure. Badass-pen-wielding-maniac? Absolutely. But never had he considered himself to be cute . . . except maybe in that photo that his mom showed him from his first birthday. Damn, he was a chubby little baby. . . But then what did he mean about not being Nico's type? He closed his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose as he tried out the words on his tongue, "I'm not your type . . ." Nico seemed relaxed, chuckling a bit as he took a few steps and turning back to walk away the way he came. Percy opened his eyes and put a hand out as he saw Nico walking away, "Wait. So -" "I'll see you around, Percy," Nico said, actually smiling at his bewildered expression, turning completely and walking away. Percy turned to face Annabeth, hoping that she'd have some answers. For the first time ever, he was disappointed. Annabeth just laughed, kissed his cheek and grabbed his arm, pulling him along with her as she wandered over to the dining pavilion. He let himself be dragged away, still confused about Nico. But at least, there didn't seem to be anything wrong, judging by the smiles on Nico and Annabeth's faces. And they were going to college together in New Rome. It was everything he'd dreamed of while they had battled monsters from Tartarus to Greece. Turning to look at his girlfriend, he smiled a goofy grin and allowed himself to believe that everything was going to be okay, for a while at least. Their future was way ahead of them and it seemed as though they both had similar ideas of how to spend it.