Leo said aloud, staring around in a quiet panic. "Holy Hephaestus." "Wait, what does te amo mean?" Percy said, sounding way too curious. Annabeth scoffed aloud. "Google Translate it later, idiot. Just keep driving. Leo, get your head in the game and melt their tires. If we're quick enough, we could probably jump them before hey do something." Leo nodded, reaching for the control panel just beside the door for the button that opened the sun roof. He pushed it, and the roof of the SUV began sliding open to reveal the warm California sky. "I'm on it," he replied. "But just to let you know, my gorgeous, amazing, super powerful girlfriend just said that she loved me and I need, like, ten minutes to freak out." "We'll give you your ten minutes soon. I promise," Annabeth said. "Percy needed twenty minutes when I told him." "Very true," he said. "Still don't know what I did right if we're gonna be honest." "Neither do I." As he stood in the backseat, his upper body sticking out in the sun roof, the rapid wind whipped against his ears and drowned out their conversation. All he knew was the heat of the sun on his shoulders and the sharp flap of the wind against his hair and clothes. Leo definitely needed a freak out session after hearing his very new girlfriend say I love you - maybe he'd call back and get her to say it in English too for extra proof - but now he had monsters to destroy. The fast the better. The fast they got done with this quest, the faster he could be back in new room with his queen. . . . A/N: Oh my god this is so long but I love it. So much. Damn close to ten thousand words. Maybe I suddenly wrote smut because of the desperate lack of Leyna smut fics, because let me tell you, I found literally none. It was astounding. Well...really, there's a desperate lack of Leyna fics in general, so I can't be too sad. So yeah. Notes time. 1) I love Leo Valdez, alright? He's a little Mexican Santa helper that I want to cuddle for the rest of my life. He made me cry during The Lost Hero. I empathize with his character in a deeply personal way. That being said, I really dislike how he sees girls throughout the series. I really dislike some of his motives towards freeing Calypso (even tho the relationship and their build up was sort of cute). I like how he finds strength attractive, like all the boys in the Percy Jackson series, but I really dislike the way he equates powerful ass girls to just hotness. It happens many times. He gets hormonal tunnel vision and blatantly focuses on how a girl looks . It's annoying. He's a teenage boy, but he's so much more than that. It just downgrades his character immensely. So hell yes I addressed that in this fic, because while I do love him with all my heart, I couldn't have him be with Reyna of all people with his shitty objectifying/disrespectful tendencies. Many people label it misogynistic, but I don't use that word. Nu uh. He doesn't hold a hatred/dislike of women at all, even subconsciously. And personally, I don't equate his objectification to misogyny. They're related, but correlation doesn't equate to causation, and blah blah blah. 2) Don't come at me trying to excuse this boy on his bullshit whatsoever. 3) I have never written PJO anything before, so I am a newbie. If anything seems too out of character, I'm sorry! 4) If you were bothered by the amount of Spanish in the fic, then...lol, deal with it. No apology for is my headcanon yo. Leo and Reyna are constantly around non-Latinos in canon, so I definitely think that if they became friends, they would speak in Spanish all the damn time. Having secret conversations, talking shit with that person close by, and just trying to practice. Language isn't just simple communication: it's connecting with people in a real way. It's apart of one's culture and identity. They are very proud of being who they are, especially Leo in my opinion. They'd whip out Spanish whenever. I honestly couldn't write them and not have them speak Spanish. My fingers would not let me. 5) To address Reyna's lil pep talk about happiness being a choice: in no way do I feel that people should be happy all the time. That's impossible. I've suffered severe depression myself. I know what it's like to be unable to be happy and not understand why or how. Sadness and grief will never give you a choice in life. Sometimes feelings just happen. I have a headcanon that Leo is genuinely bipolar, and goes through manic and depressive periods (not that I wrote it in here, but it fits with his character in my opinion). But I think that the way you chose to live your life as well as how you see the world impacts how you live greatly. You are always going to certain choices in life . Actively attempting to be positive and strive for improvement is one. 6) If you understood the pineapple jokes, points for you. I was laughing for three minutes straight over it. I almost ended this off after they had sex and just called it a day. Bad idea! Such a bad idea! I'm glad I stewed on this for several days and added more and more. I'm glad that they got to talk the morning after and just digest the notion of them together. I'm glad I got to quasi-develop bonds between them. It makes this fic so much better in my opinion. If you want me to write the New Years scene where Reyna breaks his wrist they have their little heart to heart, make sure you review and tell me! Thank you so much for reading~