have an older sister too, and I just wonder how anyone could kill their own sibling. I can't believe that anyone could. But, I didn't really know him at all. And I knew that Percy knew him, so I guess I wanted your opinion on it all." "My opinion is that everyone at school should stop acting like this is some exciting episode of a crime show. Someone died. And then there's all the ridiculous rumors going around. I don't really want to talk about it, okay? Let me read." Jason, feeling sort of like he'd just been lectured by his mother—if his mother was an actual mother and not a drunk—nodded and left Annabeth to her book. … "Could you close up tonight, Jason?" Chiron asked around eight o'clock. "An old college buddy of mine is in New York until the end of the week and he wants to meet up tonight." Annabeth had already left, and Jason's shift was technically about to end, too, but it wasn't like Jason was eager to get home. His mother was probably already on her way to the bar. "Sure," Jason complied, figuring he could probably just work on some homework and read for the next hour without many customers coming through. "I'd be happy to." A few minutes later, Chiron left and then Jason was all by himself, which he rather liked. Unlike some of his friends, Jason didn't constantly feel the need to be around others. It was refreshing to not have to force on a smile because people were watching. He could be himself when he was alone, no facades. No one expecting him to be anything spectacular. Jason could just be Jason, and that was enough. Jason wanted to build a home out of books and sleep between their pages. He wanted to erase the real world and immerse himself completely in fictional universes where happy endings and true love and magic were reality. Where fantasy was real, and the real world was the fantasy. It was easier to focus on the problems of fictional characters than to think about his dead father, his barely present mother, how much he missed his sister. Thalia. She was the one who taught Jason to love reading. When Jason was younger, Thalia would read to him, and then pass down books to him that she believed he would like. And he liked all of them. He would devour each new story, laughing and hurting along with the characters. But it wasn't until she left that he really understood the magic of books. Only when he felt utterly alone did he realize that books could be a crutch, that they could keep him from tripping and falling into oblivion. When things got bad, his mom turned to alcohol. Jason turned to books. Jason felt that his method was better. Only two customers came into the store. One older woman who purchased a cookbook and a middle aged man who got a couple historical fiction novels. Other than that, Jason was free to do whatever he pleased. Which, unsurprisingly, led to Jason reading more of his book. At exactly nine o'clock, he began to close up. "Goodnight books," he chuckled to himself as he locked the front door. The day had been cold, but the night was even colder. The icy wind tore right through Jason's jacket. He really should have checked the weather before he left for school that morning. Now, he was facing a ten minute walk until he would be out of the winter chill. Actually, twenty minutes, Jason amended, realizing that there was most likely nothing to eat at the apartment. He'd have to stop at the store and pick up some food. He should have just grabbed something from the small café at Delphi. Oh well, he thought. Jason turned left at the corner, rather than right, and began to make his way toward the nearest grocery store. Some teenagers would be frightened to roam the streets of New York at night, especially all alone, but Jason had been doing it for years. New York was his home, his playground, it didn't scare him. If he kept his head down, no one bothered him. And if they did, well… Jason had taken martial arts for seven years and played football for eight, only stopping when Thalia left and sports ceased to matter. It was because of this confidence that Jason felt no hesitance about taking a shortcut to the store through several different back alleys. All he could think about was getting out of the cold faster. And then he saw the body. At first, Jason could barely believe his eyes. Surely that curled up thing not fifteen feet in front of him was something else. A sleeping dog, perhaps. A very large dog, without fur. But then he heard the groan of pain, all too human, and ran towards it. Even in the extreme darkness, Jason could tell that the person had taken a serious beating. The way it was curled into itself, the dark liquid smearing its hands that had to have been blood. Jason crouched down, unsure of whether to touch it or say something or call for help. The person, definitely a boy, but not an awfully big one, groaned in pain once more. His bloodied hands covering his face. "Just hold on, I'll call an ambulance," Jason said, rising to his feet and digging in his pocket for his cell phone. "No, no," the boy muttered. A hand lashed out and fingers wrapped around Jason's wrist, leaving behind a smear of blood."No ambulance, I'm fine." The voice was weak, more of a groan than anything, but still vaguely familiar to Jason. And then he looked down. A split lip, a bloodied face, an already swelling eye, but even in the darkness of the alley, Jason recognized him. How could he not? His face had been everywhere for over two weeks. Nico di Angelo.