I start tickling you. It's midnight and I want to give you your christmas present." That gets me to open my eyes. "Really? Now?" I sit up and raise an eyebrow. Leo usually wants to open christmas presents when he wakes up on christmas. I swear, sometimes I feel like he's as mature as when I met him. "Ha, you wish. Do you even know me? How can you pretend to be my best friend? I can't believe you. Of course not now. I just wanted to tell you that the movie's over. Oh, and also," he smirks, "there's a guy on the lawn. He looks a lot like the guy I saw you with earlier. And he looks like he's freezing to death." "What are you doing here, Percy? It's midnight." I almost didn't want to come. But curiosity got the best of me. And, also, I felt bad for letting him outside like that. "I wanted to talk to you. Needed to talk to you." Even with his winter coat and beanie, his teeth are chattering, and his lips are blue. "Oh, gods. Percy, how—how long have you been standing here?" "I don't know. Half an hour? I took a walk and all I wanted to do was to come here, so I did, but I didn't know which apartment was yours, I looked on the mailboxes but your name's not on any of them, so I wanted to go back but I just couldn't, and I don't even have your phone number, and.. I'm sorry, Annabeth." The poor guy does look like he's going to freeze to death. "Come on, Perce. You're going to turn into an ice statue if you stay here." Turns out, I don't even have to get my keys, because Leo's waiting for us at the door when we step out of the lift. "Hey, dude. I'm Leo Valdez. Bad boy supreme, Annie's best friend and roommate." Percy raises his eyebrows at me. "Oh, and don't forget the best one: Santa at the nursery down the street." "Nice to meet you. I'm Percy Jackson. Annabeth and I, uh, wor-" Leo doesn't let him finish. "Yeah, yeah, I know." And he's smirking again. I roll my eyes and push past Leo, motioning at Percy to follow. "I'm gonna kill you one day, Valdez." I look at Percy. "So, what do you want? We still have some Chinese food, and we have coffee... I think you need coffee, man. Or hot chocolate. Or, hell, even warm water. You look like you're about to turn into an ice cube." I wonder how he's even able to joke at this time of the day. Fortunately, I don't have to tell him to leave, although I'm sure he'll listen at the door. I take Percy's winter clothes and give him a cup of coffee once it's ready. He's quiet the whole time. "Hm.. What did you want to say?" I ask, because I feel like he's never going to talk. "Oh, yeah. I wanted to tell you I'm sorry. For the way I took off earlier. It's just, when I saw Rachel's car, I freaked out, and—" "It's okay," I mutter. "I get it, you don't have to apologize. Jealous girlfriend?" He all but spits out his coffee. "My—you mean Rachel? Is that what you think she is?" "Well... she comes to your house on Christmas. You're with me, about to tell me something, and then she passes and you run after her. What does it look like?" He laughs. "Like my best friend who comes to crash to my place after driving for five hours, when nobody's home because my family went to some restaurant?" "Really?" I narrow my eyes? "She's not even your ex-girlfriend or something?" "She is my ex-girlfriend. We were together for, like, a month, when we were fourteen. And I didn't even know we were together." I laugh, relieved. "You didn't know you were together? How is that even possible?" "I'm not sure. I was a naive 14-year-old, I guess." We smile a little, but it turns into laughter and soon we're crying because we're laughing so hard. "Anyway," he says after a few minutes. "I didn't come here to talk about Rachel." Don't say anything, figuring he'll speak when he wants to. "Well, when my mom came home, she saw me, um, sulking on the couch, so I kind of explained what happened and how much of a dumbass I am, and she told me that you hadn't actually said that Leo was your boyfriend and maybe I had jumped to conclusions, and after that all I wanted was to ask you. And, I also wanted to apologize about how I acted. And maybe, maybe a tiny part of me just needed to see you." And a tiny part of me just wants to hug him really tightly. Maybe. "You—talked to your mom about me?" I decide to focus on that, first. It feels weird to imagine Percy talk to anyone about me, let alone his mother. "Yeah, of course." He looks sheepish, and that's a look I'd never seen on him before. "And, if you to know the truth, it wasn't the first time I talked about you." For some time, his words don't really register. But then they do, and I realize how dumb I've been. Percy doesn't have a girlfriend. He talks to his mom about me. And we're sitting very, very close. "So," he's looking at me and it feels like he's even closer. "You don't have—" Usually, I love to talk with Percy. But nothing's usual about tonight. "No more talking," I whisper. And then I'm kissing him, or he's kissing me, and he has one hand on my cheek and the other in my hair, and I'm kissing Percy Jackson. And not only is it easier than saying that I like him, but it's also so much better. "Merry Christmas, Annabeth," he mutters against my lips.