angry was the fact that the woman wasn't saying anything good about her. Don't I have any good qualities? she thought . Aren't I a good person? And the worst: Piper deserves much better than me. She was done here. Thalia forcefully ripped her palms away from Esmeralda and quickly stood up, knocking the rickety old table onto its side. She could feel her eyes beginning to water as she marched towards the front of the shop. She could hear Piper calling for her on her way out, but she didn't care. All she wanted to do was get out of that stupid shop. She angrily opened the car door and slammed it shut. She sat for a few minutes in the car, furiously blinking the tears away. Does Piper think that about her? Does she think that she's doomed to a horrible life of losing everything she holds near and dear? A person with nothing good about them, destined by the Fates to have the worst luck ever? She was done thinking about this. She opened up the console and took out one of Piper's favorite albums: Native Dreamer Kin . She and Piper always fought about music. This was one of the few albums that Thalia liked out of Piper's collection. She popped the cd in and Not Mine begins to play. She was beginning to worry. Why wasn't Piper coming out? What the hell could she possibly be doing still talking to the wretched woman? " Who will stay? Who will stay? Who will stay?" " All of my days – who will stay? Who will stay?" Finally she sees Piper leaving the store and waving farewell to Esmeralda. "Goodbye Piper Mclean!" Esmeralda said, "May you find fortune on your journey!" Piper walked over to the passenger door and got into the car with a smile on her face. Her ears perked up as she listened to the music coming from the speakers. "Wow, I thought you didn't like my music," Piper said smugly. "I don't," Thalia replied hotly. "I wasn't looking when I put the CD in." The couple sits in an awkward silence for a while. Thalia was about to ask her what she was doing in there with that despicable woman when Piper reaches over the console to grab her hand. She softly asks "Do you want to talk about it?" That's all it takes for Thalia to start tearing up. Her eyes start to water and she's furiously rubbing her eyes trying to stem the salty tears from falling from her face. "You know you can talk to me about it, right? Piper questions. "Thalia just tell me what's wron –," Piper was cut off by Thalia asking, "Do you ever think that you can do better than me?" "What do you mean?" Piper asks tenderly. "I mean, don't you think that you could find someone better than me?" Thalia sputters out. "You heard Esmeralda. My life is just one big screw up after another. You shouldn't be dating someone who's cursed to lose everything meaningful in her life; someone who has no good qualities about them." "Piper you are so out of my league," Thalia says quietly. "Everything Esmeralda said about you was true. You are so smart and such a good friend and just an all-around good person. And I'm… not. I just don't think I'm good enough for you." Throughout Thalia's entire rant, Piper just sits quietly beside her, holding her hand and stroking it with her thumb, listening intently. When Thalia's finished, Piper leans forward and cups Thalia's face in her soft, firm hands and looks her right in her eyes. "None of that is true, not one bit," Piper says reassuringly. "I don't think you're cursed. I just think you've had a life rougher than most. You've had so much taken away from you and that sucks, but it's made you tough and it's made you strong and made you who you are. I would never ask you to be someone else. You can't possibly think that I could love anyone else right?" Piper questioned. "You didn't even get to hear the best part of the fortune. Esmeralda talked about how brave you were, sacrificing yourself for Annabeth and Luke. She talked about how selfless you were, taking care of Jason when you were just a kid yourself. She talked about what a dedicated and caring friend you were. You have good qualities Thalia. I wouldn't date you if I didn't think you were a good person. I mean yeah you're loud, sometimes obnoxious, and your music taste leaves much to be desired," Piper said with a smile. "But you're also beautiful, bold, proud, and the person I fell in love with," Piper said, placing a kiss onto her knuckles, her shoulder, her forehead, and finally her lips, "I wouldn't have you any other way". Thalia felt her face grow hot as she took in Piper's words. "You… you love me?" Thalia whispered. Piper looked at her skeptically. "Of course I love you. I don't take road trips with just anyone, dummy." Thalia leans forward and captures Piper's lips with her own, her hands tangling themselves in Piper's choppy braids. Piper loved her. Piper loved her. Thalia felt her heart soar. She felt so light, so relieved to have found someone that she loved and that loved her too. After a few moments, Thalia leans back and whispers, "I love you too." Piper's smile widens at Thalia's words and she leans forward to give her girlfriend a chaste kiss. Piper pulls away and says with a smirk, "C'mon let's get going. I want to reach the hotel and show you just how much I love you." So how'd you guys like it? Let me know in a review! Also if you'd like, you can follow me on tumblr. My url is: itsjasongraecus You can follow me and give me prompts and stuff i guess. Don't forget to review!