me. I pushed her." I stared at him, stunned. I couldn't believe that he was trying to cover for me. Mrs. Dodds scared Grover to death. She glared at him so hard his whiskery chin trembled. "I don't think so Mr. Underwood," she said. "But-" "You- will - stay- here." Grover looked at me desperately. "It's okay, Grover. You tried." "Honey," Mrs. Dodds barked at me. " Now. " Nancy Bobofit smirked. I gave her my deluxe I'll-kill-you-later stare. I heard it works like a treat. I turned around to face Mrs. Dodds but she wasn't there. She was at the entrance of the museum, folded her arms, and tapping her feet impatiently. I started walking up the steps, my brain whirling. My councilor told me since I have ADHD that means I have moments when my brain shuts off for a moment. She calls it misinterpreting things. I wasn't so sure. I went after Mrs. Dodds. Half-way up the steps, I glanced back at Grover. He was looking pale and his eyes were darting between me and Mr. Brunner, as if he wanted Mr. Brunner to notice what was going on but Mr. Brunner was too absorbed into his novel then to concentrate on whatever Grover wanted. I looked back up. Mrs. Dodds was walking into the museum entrance. I ran to catch up with her. Okay, I thought. So she wants me to buy Nancy a shirt at the gift shop? Apparently that wasn't the plan. We went deeper into the museum until we got to the Greek and Roman section. It was empty. She walked further ahead but stopped when she got next to a statue of Hades. She turned and folded her arms, growling. I chuckled nervously, thinking Mrs. Dodds was joking around. She never does that, a paranoid part of my brain said. "You've been giving us problems, honey," she said. I did the safe thing. "Yes, ma'am." She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket. "Did you think that you could get away with it?" Her eyes… They look murderous. She can't hurt me, she can't hurt me, I chanted nervously in my head. "I'll- I'll try harder ma'am." I whispered. The whole building shook. Lightning was lighting up the sky. "We are not fools, Persi Jackson," Mrs. Dodds said. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out." "Confess, and you will suffer less pain." I had no idea what she was talking about. All I could think about was that the teachers found out about the illegal stash of candy I've been selling to the boys. Or maybe it was that they realized I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the internet without reading the book and they are going to take away my grade. Or worse, they were going to make me actually read the book. "Well?" she demanded. "Ma'am, I don't…" "Your time is up," she hissed. The strangest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbeque coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. She wasn't human. She was a shriveled old hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me into ribbons. Then things got even weirder. Mr. Brunner, who had been sitting outside the museum a minute ago, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Persi!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me. With a yelp, I dodged and felt talon slash the air next to my ear. I grabbed the ballpoint pen out of the air but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword. To be even more precise, it was the bronze sword Mr. Brunner used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds spun towards me, with an evil look in her eyes. My knees were jelly. My hands were shaking so bad, I almost dropped the sword. Mrs. Dodds swooped down and screeched, "Die, honey!" Terror ran through my being. I did the only thing that came naturally. I swung the sword. The blade hit her shoulder and passed easily through her body as if she was made out of water. Mrs. Dodds turned to dust with a Hiss . She left a chill of evil hanging in the air. I was alone with a ballpoint pen in my hand. My hands were trembling. Did my lunch contain magic mushrooms or something? Had I imagined the whole thing? I shivered and ran back to the entrance. It had started to rain. Grover was sitting by the fountain with a museum map over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her followers. When she saw me she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." I gaped at her. "Who?" "Our teacher , duh!" I blinked, we had no teacher called Mrs. Kerr. I asked Nancy what she was talking about. She rolled her eyes and wandered off. I asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But he paused first so I know he was lying. "Not funny, Grover! Now seriously, where is she?" "I don't know who you're talking about." Thunder boomed, above us. I saw Mr. Brunner in his motorized café so I went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, Persi. That would be my pen so please bring your own writing utensils in the future, Miss. Jackson." I handed it over, I forgot all about the pen. "Sir, where's Mrs. Dodds?" I asked him. He stared at me blankly, "Who?" "You know, the other chaperone." Mr. Brunner frowned and sat forwards looking concerned. "Persi, there are no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling alright?"