pigtails. She kind of reminded me of Dorothy." Jason laughs. "Man, she sounds like a doll. Like a literal, actual doll." "She was," Leo says. "Her and Annabelle - Annabelle was one of the kids. She couldn't have been more than six, blue eyes, curly blonde hair. It sounds like she looks like Miss Bluebird, but they couldn't've been more different. Trust me. "Michael was the oldest, and he was ten. Brown hair, tall, dark, and handsome thing going on - that shizam. There were the twins, Elle and Belle, and come to think of it, they kind of look like Hazel - but let's not go there. And then there was Gabriel, who was three." Jason nods. "How old were you?" "Nine," Leo replies. "Miss Bluebird - she was crazy. She hid it, and she was good at hiding it, but she was batshit-psycho-up-the-damn-belfry insane. In the absolute craziest way." Jason's brow furrows. "She hid it by being really, really religious. She told the other five stories - Bible stories, I think. I don't know if I heard what they heard. But the rest of them would be speaking gibberish, stupid things, and when I told them that's not true, they completely freaked. "And you don't know these kids, Jason. They didn't speak unless spoken to, they were like dogs, or broken horses. And after three weeks - later, she told me three weeks because three is a holy number - she started telling me stories." "What were the stories?" Jason asked, concern gleaming in his blue eyes. "Oh, man… They messed with your head. Big time. She had a major storytelling voice. It's almost like Piper's charmspeak, but you know what's happening, and it's not making you do anything. You're thinking of all these things on your own. She led the horse to water, but she chose the dehydrated one to take in the first place, and she knew it was gonna drink, but she didn't make it do anything. "And, somehow, they were all Bible stories." Jason looks a little green. "And you were only nine?" Leo chuckles. "It gets worse. I refused to believe her, and she hated me. Well, she hated me before that. It was hate at first sight. But, the things she told me… I tried to run away, after the first story. I slept in between a dumpster and a mouldy wall, and when I woke up, there she was. Sunny, crazy smile. Gods, it was terrifying." Jason's eyes widen. "Dude." "Yeah, I know. Her outfit, expression, eyes - none of it ever changed. She always looked perfect. She dragged me back and took a hot poker to my back." "Good - Good Zeus, Leo!" Jason chokes. "Wait for it. She noticed that the hot poker didn't do anything. She threw me into the cellar for three and a half days - no food, just water. When she dragged me out, she told me I was a cambion - a child of a demon and a person," Leo laughs, bitterly. "She wasn't the first, though. Aunt Rosa was three steps ahead of her." "Leo, I'm so sorry." Leo waves the apology off. "I kinda got off track. This wasn't what I was dreaming about. I was dreaming about the last day I was there." Jason looks at him with wounded, empathizing eyes, and Leo - for once - doesn't mind that someone cares. If they get themselves killed by being close to him - So be it, his mind whispers back. I'm going crazy, he thinks. We're all mad here. "I'd tried to run away six times before that, but she'd dragged me back. She kept me in the cellar permanently, but she didn't leave her room, either. She whispered at me through a hole in the wall," Leo's voice cracks, the memory of one big, blue eye staring at him through the wall in the middle of the night making him jump. Jason pats him on the back. "It's okay, man, you're with us. On the Argo II." "It was like being in one of her stories constantly. I was going crazy, Jace, and I mean crazy. Screaming-at-nothing crazy. At nine, even. But then she killed herself in the next room, and I picked the lock, and I ran out. All the other kids had already starved to death." Jason's mouth fell open. "I'm gonna bet that this isn't even the half of it." Leo nods. "The most hellish six months of my life. But, uh. There was this one story she used to tell me, every night at three in the morning. It had to be three, because there wasn't another story she loved so much." Jason nods. Go on. "She told me not to worry, that she was going to wait for me, and that it would all be over soon. She told me hellhounds were going to jump out of Hell and they were going to drag me down, and I'd burn. I'd actually burn down there." Jason's mouth falls open. "And - Jason - I was just killed by a hellhound. And I came back." " Lazarus was resurrected by Jesus," Miss Bluebird's harsh, crazed voice carries through his room. Leo's spine locks in fear. "because he was righteous." Leo's rigid against the floor; how's it so cold in here, for it to be August? " But Lucifer could do the same. He could resurrect a sinner, because they were a sinner. Oh, my sinner, my cambion, who's more perfect for the job than someone who can only be burned by the fires of justice? To the greatest injustice, cambion, my cambion." Fear drives people crazy, his mind supplies, and for once, Leo doesn't reply. Somewhere, some when, Hera's face cracks into an ugly grin. A/N; Wow, don't even ask. Just, don't. I think this came from my tendency to write horror, but this isn't exactly horror? By the way, it seems like I'll be doing Valkyrja!