be a good boy and try going to sleep, okay?" "Okay!" Poseidon tucked his little son into bed and – both quite forgetting that he wasn't supposed to and not being able to suppress the urge to – he kissed the boy on the forehead. Percy didn't notice the oddness and was promptly asleep. After sandwich-ing his head between the pillows, that is. Poseidon grinned. He'd done one remarkably proud dad's good job today. "You don't need to be afraid of the storms." Twelve over years later, whenever Percy wakes up to the sound of thunderstorms – though he knew better and since Greek gods exists so he shouldn't be insulting them – he couldn't help but mutter: "Gosh, Zeus and Hera, take your fight another time! Or better still: be nice to each other. Or easier still: stop cheating on Hera, Zeus!" -Extra- In spirit of his relatively good mood, Poseidon paid Zeus a visit once he got back to Olympus and retold his creation to the sky god. Zeus was absolutely nuts when he knew how Poseidon characterized him as to his son by the end of the story-telling. "Every thunderstorm I make is a 'fight with me and Hera over me cheating on her'!?" the god of the sky yelled indignantly, " I make thunderstorms, you sea-gherkin!" "Yes, only the thunderstorms – otherwise most of the other non-thunderous ones are mine," Poseidon said, swirling his wine in the glass. "And you dared to descent to the mortal world and visit your son too – when it was strictly forbidden to do so! You broke a considerable number of oaths and rules there, Poseidon!" Poseidon chose to ignore that reminder. Rather half-heartedly, that is (he still worries about himself and Percy's safety). Zeus breathed heavily, his nostrils flaring like a dragon about to blow fire, while he tried controlling himself from yelling obscenities down the orchard they were sitting in and out all over Olympus. If he did that, he couldn't guarantee the heavens would be storm-free either. Then a realization struck him. When Poseidon looked up from his wine glass sensing the oddity, he was confronted with a menacingly grinning Zeus. "Yes?" the sea god asked. " You are the storm god," Zeus said pointing a finger at his brother, "So when your son says he fears of storms, it isn't just mine that he fears of but yours as well." Poseidon could see that Zeus was just worked up at being made the laughing stock, so it was considered an understatement to say that Poseidon felt tremendous pity upon hearing the low-blow revenge. "Yes, brother – but it does not change the fact that he (Percy) now believes that all storms are a product of you and Hera's quarrels." Zeus glowered. "You – " "Zeus!" The two male gods froze that their spots. Both had paled considerably. Hera came strolling into their pergola, looking as graceful and stirringly beautiful as the queen of Olympus. She cast them a questioning look. "What is your banter about this time?" "Nothing, dear!" Zeus muttered quickly and sat down, having leapt from his side of the bench at the outburst then. He gingerly sipped his glass of wine. Poseidon took a sip too. Hera watched them for a while before taking a seat herself, just beside Zeus. To Zeus, he nearly jumped right out of his skin since having his wife beside him at the current topic wasn't helpful; to Poseidon, his heart nearly leapt from his throat in fear upon knowing that both husband and wife were together now. Hera smiled queen-ly. "Would you mind sharing the story for me, Poseidon?" And usually when the queen's in her graceful obstinate mood like that, nobody on Olympus could change her mind. Zeus glared at Poseidon and mouthed: " I will get revenge, you wait and see! " "You don't have to be afraid of earthquakes, because they're actually Poseidon's snores while he sleeps." Zeus said solemnly as he sat beside his daughter on a log slightly far from the Hunter's camping zone, each drinking a mug of coffee with the never-aging daughter sipping the drink in stupefied bewilderment. Though Thalia's too old for this and she usually isn't on good terms with her father, she decides that just for this once she'll let her father rant on his beliefs – because she has a feeling that Zeus's been holding onto a certain grudge for too long, and thus has a serious urge to relieve it. In reality, it's been twelve over years for Zeus to get this payback; and though he knows Thalia's a little too old for this, he's that desperate to let a family member hear his woes – and to have a chance to dote silly on his child like how Poseidon has dared to do ages ago. The joke, however, doesn't stop there as word of the twelve-years-forgotten banter between Olympus's strongest spread across the godly worlds like flame on oil, or lightning over the world. Rumours spread fast, no matter how insignificant – and because it was insignificant that usually people hated it for being the hot topic of bored gossipers. Nico peeked up to his father from where he squatted on the floor, half-curious as to what the lord of the Underworld might say if he ever (ever) followed the trending joke. That particular incident has managed to weave its way to the dead-serious (pun intended) no-joke un-laughable Underworld anyways. It was also hard for the boy to judge what Hades would do given his 24/7 steely expression; harder even as they were standing on the plateau from the palace watching the Fields of Asphodel. Hades looked back down to him – which startles Nico – then opened his mouth: "You don't have to be afraid of the 'end of the world', because when that happens both the sky and sea are warring, and we of the Underworld are the only ones who prevail."