was on top of me, kissing me roughly and gripping my arms in a grip so tight that it almost hurt. Confused, yet pleasantly distracted, I had no choice but to wrap my arms around his neck. I pulled him closer, gripping his black hair and running my nails down his back. Just as soon as it started, he pulled away, staring at me. Breathless, I mumbled, "I'm confused." Percy chuckled and kissed my neck, biting my collarbone lightly. He stopped and sighed against my skin, sending shivers down my spine. He pulled back again and studied my face as if he was trying to decode my mind. I wrapped my arms around his torso, pulling him close to me before whispering into his ear again, "What's wrong?" He was silent for a long time. So long that I was on the verge of falling asleep when he finally spoke. "I have something to give you." I blinked and watched as he reached down from the side of the bed and rummaged through his bag for something. When he looked back up at me he held a small black box in his hands. My breath hitched and my heart rate sped up. "Percy," I started, my voice shaking with fear. "No. It's too soon-" Percy smiled. "Don't worry," he interrupted, placing the box on my lap. "It's not an engagement ring. Well, not yet at least." Brow furrowed, I opened the box to find an expensive looking ring sitting on the velvet inside of the box. It was an engagement ring… "I'm still confused…" I mumbled to myself. "It's a promise ring," he clarified. That's when I understood exactly what he was trying to tell me. "I…" he struggled, his brow furrowing as he took my hand. "I love you. It might seem crazy because we've known each other for a month… but you're the one I want to spend my life with. I can't even bare to think about living my life without you. They say love is forever but your forever is all that I need." I smiled and leaned forward to kiss him hard, pouring all of my emotions into that kiss. He pulled back and smiled. "So, Annabeth Chase, I'm giving you this ring for when we're ready. I'm promising to stay faithful to you. It won't be a hard promise to keep." He smiled wryly and I took the ring out of the box, examining its silver band and its single diamond placed in the middle of a silver square. "The thing is… I still have to travel. I feel like… I feel like I have something to do. I don't know what it is exactly but I know there's something. I need to travel so I can continue this search for my destiny." I looked up at him and saw the steady look of concentration on his face. His brows were tightly knitted together in a scowl. However, they suddenly smoothed out and he stared up at me. "So when we're ready, I want to marry you. Will you marry me?" I laughed and shook my head. "Of course." I leaned forward and wrapped my arms around him and pressed my lips against his. His strong arms wrapped tight around my waist, holding me close. I moved my lips in sync with his, running my hands down his head and to the hair at the nape of his neck. I felt his hand run down my shoulder and to my side. We pulled apart; resting our foreheads against each other's like in one of those cliché movies. His sweet hot breath washed over my face, overcoming my senses. "And you don't even have to wear it as a ring," he smirked. "You can… put it on a chain or something." I smiled. I pulled back and rummaged through the bedside drawer until I found a silver chain. I looped the ring through it and then clasped it around my neck. I flipped my hair over it and adjusted it. It fell a little below my sternum. I fingered it, smiling softly. "It's beautiful." Percy smiled. "Like you." I scoffed and pushed him playfully. Then I looked up into his eyes. They were so beautiful, so hypnotizing. How was it that I lived without them? How could I live without them in the winter months when he was gone traveling? It was going to be hell without him. I lurched forward, straddling his waist and running my hands through his hair. I hovered over him, staring into his eyes. "Thank you." I didn't give him a chance to reply. He grabbed my hips roughly as I leaned down and kissed him deeply, pouring all of my love, all my gratitude and sorrow from my soul to his. This winter was going to be hard; right now, I needed the comfort. He leaned back and pulled me down on top of him, pressing me to his bare muscled chest. He ran his hands down my back and moved his kisses down my neck. I sighed happily and kissed him again. I pulled back and mumbled. "I love you." That was the last night I saw him. (A/N: Okay so this was originally Akatsuki Child's story but they couldn't continue it and I really loved the plot so now… I'm writing it! I know I have two other fics as well but I needed something else to write when I have writers block for them so now I have this one. I'm writing the next chapter for my other PJO fic right after I publish this one. I've been having internet problems and depression and anxiety and the doctor told me to take it easy for a while and not stress myself out. Writing's been stressing me out a bit so I've been watching a bunch of new shows but I'm back now and I will update for my other fics ASAP! I love all of you!)