plenty. Imagine how I felt, when I was overwhelmed by Leo and Jason's smell." Piper actually understands. "Yeah, Calypso felt the same way. When I found her, I was expecting a meteoroid, not a fallen angel. She screamed bloody murder, when she saw me." "Yeah. I had to promise, I wouldn't eat any human souls, or at least anyone who doesn't deserve it. It's great that there's a woods nearby, where I can hunt for animal souls." Nico grimaces. "Those usually taste like carrots, or leaves, but it keeps me alive. Or as alive as I can be." Piper leans in, balancing her head in her palms. "When you eat souls, what happens to the person? They die, right?" Nico shakes his head. "No, they remain alive. They just can't go to heaven." "Oh." Nico gives a crooked grin. "If it helps, I won't eat your soul. I'm not much of a jawbreaker person. Besides, your soul looks really fragile, and broken down. A few cracks, from heartbreak, I'm assuming. Hey, do you want my bacon? I'm not going to eat it." "Thanks?" "I think I'm going to go flying." Calypso says. Piper gives her a look. "Really? But it's March, and it's cold." Calypso spreads her wings out. "It'll be fine. I'm just going for a quick flight." "Alright." Piper says, unsure. "If you really want to-" Calypso blasts off, leaving Piper with messed up hair, and confusion. "Piper, guess what?" Hazel calls, on the phone. "What?" Piper asks, looking out the window, half paying attention to the conversation. Calypso had taken to flying, practically everyday, except she began staying out later and later. She was usually home by this time. "I'm pregnant again. Frank is scared the baby might get sick again." "That's wonderful news, I'm sure the baby would be fine. When are you expecting?" Hazel hums happily. "You really think it's great? I'm only a month or so in, so around December again." "Well, I wish you the best. I'm sorry about what happened to your son. Leo told me about it. Did you ever get the chance to name him?" "Ethan. His name was Ethan." Hazel chokes out. "Good luck, and congratulations, on this one." "Thanks, Piper." Piper regrets ever mentioning it, but she still did it. "Do you want to come with me to Europe? I'm going to visit Ithaca." Piper says, washing a plate. Calypso dries the plate with a paper towel. "What's in Ithaca?" "Well your name is Calypso, right? Your famous in a Greek legend, that one about Odysseus." Piper says, scrubbing. Calypso nearly drops the plate, before catching it. "Odysseus? As in my Odysseus?" Piper winces at the name, remembering the story of Calypso's fall. "No, probably not. Maybe you guys were reincarnated? That'll be cool." Calypso nods. "Anyway, I'm going to see if maybe you can find him. That way, you can give him a final goodbye, and get him off your mind." "He's… not on my mind." Piper turns off the water, handing Calypso a bowl. "Of course he is. I can tell. That's why you go out and fly everyday, right? I know you think about him." Piper places her hand on Calypso's arm. "It's okay." Piper wishes she could shut up. It wasn't okay, because Calypso was her girlfriend, not Odysseus's. It wasn't fair, that Piper watched as who she love, yearned for another. She hopes the trip would make Calypso see that Odysseus was perfectly fine with his wife and children, and forget about him. "Thank you." Calypso squeaks out. They find him after a week. Piper finds out that Odysseus's wife didn't take to kindly to a dead man being alive again, and left him a year ago. Piper hated Odysseus, and hated that he fell in love with Calypso too. She hated that Calypso still wanted him back. Piper hates everyone, and everything. "Hello?" "Leo?" Piper croaked out. "Oh, hey Pipes, what's shakin? Guess what? Me and JJ have decided to take things more seriously. We both said, that we'll stop being on and off, and just stay together. Don't you feel proud of me? I know I do." "Can you pick me up?" Piper coughs. Piper can hear voices in the background of Leo's side of the phone conversation. "Sure, where are -hehe, stop it Jase, I'm on the phone- you?" "Ithaca." "Heh, Jaaay - Ithaca, as in New York? Or in Europe?" "Europe. I already ordered plane tickets for you." "Oh, alright, guess I'll just pack some stuff. You okay? You sound a little weird. My best friend senses are tingling, were you crying?" Piper laughs, but it comes out bitter. "You don't have best friend senses. I only bought one ticket for you to come here." "Of course. Care to tell me what's happening, why you need me to pick you up?" Leo's voice came out concerned. "I need you, best bro. I need you right now, but you're a continent away." Is all Piper says. "Where's Calypso?" "Gone." "Gone?" "Gone." Leo's hesitates. "Sorry, dude. She managed to get back to heaven?" "No. But she's happy now." Piper sniffs, wiping her eyes. Leo makes a noise. "I'm coming for you Piper. Just- just don't cry, okay? Tell me everything, when I get there." "I'm trying Leo. I really am." Piper whispers into the phone. "I know." Leo says. "I'm proud of you. I'll get there as quick as I can. Love you, Piper." "Love you too." L'ange is French for The Angel, I believe. What a crap ending, I could do so much better. I probably am going to write another (and final) chapter sometime in the next month or two, but it's about Leo and Jason, and how they deal with Nico. Since I don't go in depth how piper found calypso, i might actually do that if i do make another chapter Happy New Years (although in my time zone it's 3 AM on the 31st of December).