for the brief five seconds (was it really that quick, because it felt like hours) of lip touching lip. Hazel, was surprisingly the one to pull away first, even when her brain was screaming not to. She smiled, and linked fingers with Frank, who smiled back, and rested his forehead on hers. The kiss was awkward, and Hazel wanted nothing more. Hazel stared at the animal, with peaked interest. "Oh my gosh, Frank, look!", she said excitedly, and pointed to the sea lion balancing a red ball on it's nose. "Oh my gosh , Frank, look!" Hazel squealed, looking at the baby lizards, crawling around. "Oh. My. Gosh. Frank. Look ! " Hazel gasped, pulling Frank's arm to see the panda's. Best. First. Date. Ever. Junior year- February 2016 Frank blinked at the inside of his locker. This was highly unusual. He didn't normally have pink post-it's, a box of chocolates, a stuffed panda bear, and a cup of coffee in his locker. Next to him, Hazel struggled with opening her own locker, barely concealing a smile. " I like your smile." Frank read one of the post-its out loud, and turned to Hazel. Hazel gave Frank a grin through the mirror hanging on the inside of her locker door. " I like your voice ." Frank read silently as Hazel shifted through her textbooks and notebooks. I like your hair. I like your shirts. I like your choice in women. I like your accent. I like your music choices. Frank smiled at the amount of notes, stuffed in his locker, and couldn't wait to get to finish reading the rest of the lot at home. He pushed the chocolates and the panda in his bag, hoping they don't get ruined inside. "Happy Valentines Day." Hazel whispered in to his ear, as Frank sipped the coffee cup. Naturally, it was vanilla chai. The cup had the best note of them all: I love you. "Frank." Hazel nodded, sweeping the small café. Grindin' Beans had become more of a second home to both Frank and Hazel, and it became their spot. Hazel still worked there, even after two years, which neither of them minded in the slightest. Frank plugged in his laptop to the familiar outlet, and began typing his research paper. It was due in about a week, which was practically pointless, being as how it was already May, and school would be let out for the summer in a matter of time. Then the couple would become seniors, and glide through their last year of high school together. Which brought up the problem Frank wanted to talk to Hazel about. "Alright, Frank, you have me at your disposal for about an hour now." Hazel said, tying her hair up into a bun. Frank closed his laptop, and accepted his chosen drink of choice. "Hazel. We need to talk." Hazel straightened out, and stared at Frank, with a look of pure shock. "You're not," she swallowed slowly," breaking up with me?" Frank hesitated, which caused Hazel's eyes to widen, and he quickly went to fix his mistake. "No! No- of course not, Haz. I'm not- can't be - breaking up with you." Hazel sighed in relief, and her mood lightened. "So what is it?" Frank set down his cup, and stared into Hazel's eyes. "College." Senior Year- June 2017 Hazel beamed as she spun around in her dress, throwing her heels in the air. Frank stuck out his hand, asking for her hand to dance. "Would you like to dance, my Queen?" Frank joked. Hazel curtsied. "Why, of course, your Royal Highness." She giggled, as Frank pulled her body along. The spun and waltzed and tangoed and cha-cha'd around the field, swaying to Frank's playlist playing through Hazel's car, parked to the side. Dandelions flew around them, the white pollen floating magically in the sunset, as the couple giggled and danced on each other's toes. Hazel collapsed, utterly exhausted from dancing, and Frank fell down right next to her. "How did you find this field?" Hazel breathed out, tired from the motions she was doing. Frank shrugged. "We were supposed to be going to prom. But here we are." Hazel turned her head to look at Frank and laughed. "This is why we use maps to not get lost on the way to a restaurant." Frank laughed too, and sat up. Fireflies floated around the two, as they watched the sunset. A Beatles song played quietly in the background, leaving them in content silence, until Hazel stood up. "Wait, right here." Hazel said, pulling her prom dress as she ran to her car. Not a moment too soon, Hazel appeared again with two cups and a bag of donuts. She plopped down next to Frank, and handed him a drink. He didn't have to guess what it was. "I really, really, really , like you, Frank Zhang." Hazel sighed, resting her head on his shoulder. "I really, really,really, like you too, Hazel Levesque." Frank responded, biting into a chocolate frosted donut. Hazel leaned in to kiss Frank, who leaned in to close the distance faster. Hazel tasted like vanilla chai and sprinkles. Frank absolutely loved the taste, and went in for more. Disclaimer: I don't own Rick Riordanish's characters and series. A/N: This could, or could not be apart of my Runs In The Family AU . (check that shit out if you do the Valgrace and hopeless stupid teenagers who don't know what they're doing with their lives) I was thinking it could, but then again *shrug* So sorry, I couldn't write the beautiful Frazel, who is literally my cannon OTP. Sigh. At least I didn't make it angst. I Love Doing The Angst. But, alas, I did the fluff. This ends anyway you want it to end. *shrug* They go to college together, they go to different countries, they fall in love, they break up etc. You control how it ends, since I kinda made it end openly.