of here." Don't leave me . "Okay." He looked at her determinedly. I'm coming back . She took one last longing look into his deep brown eyes, and didn't wait for him to board the raft. Unable to keep herself under control, she turned and ran as fast as possible back to her hut. It wasn't until she reached it that she stopped abruptly and turned around, her gut twisting in dread and despair. Wait ! She wanted to yell. Stop! Come back! You have to come back! The wind blew her hair back, and she shivered from the cold. Her clothes were stained with oil and her face was covered in dirt, but she couldn't care less. Far out in the distance, she could see the small speck of a raft floating in the ocean. It became hard to breathe again. Falling to her knees, she let out a deafening, terrified scream. She screamed and screamed and cried and screamed, until her voice was hoarse and her eyes were sore. Fear shook her entire body; she was more afraid than she had been in her entire existence. She was afraid of the isolation, of the invisibility . She had absolutely no one to turn to, and nowhere to go. The only person who had ever been able to see her was gone, and he could never, ever come back. Her punishment had never felt so cruel. This had to have been a mistake. This whole thing must have been an aweful, aweful mistake. He was never supposed to come to her island, she was never supposed to fall in love with him... However it had happened it was wrong, because a man like that was never, ever supposed to leave her. The deep love she felt for him was more real than anything she had ever experienced. And for the first time, she could have sworn it was mutual. No one had ever loved her, but with Leo she just knew . He loved her. He had to be in love with her. Wake up, Calypso , she told herself. You have to wake up, you're dreaming . She curled up in a ball on the ground and squeezed her eyes shut. The lonely isolation of her island, surrounded by nothing but miles and miles of water, engulfed her and trapped her in an endless silence. This shocking quietness hit her each time a hero left, and she had to adjust back to having thoughts in her own head instead of speaking them aloud. But she struggled to remember what to do when she was alone. It felt fake. It felt surreal. Why do anything, when no one would even know? Who would care? Eventually she fell into a dreamless sleep. She slept for a long long time, drained from the emotional distress. When she finally woke up the sun was going down, and her eyes were dry. She felt numb. Although her entire body ached, her head at least felt a little more clear. "Leo," she whispered, the name falling instinctively off her lips. She sighed and closed her eyes. His face remained vivid in her memory, smirking at her knowingly. His eyes were full of life and excitement on the surface, but behind it was a deep understanding of loneliness and suffering. She clung to that expression in her mind, and promised herself to return to it every time she needed comfort. That was her anchor, and could remind her that someone out there actually loved her. Someone knew she was real. And no matter how many heroes came to her island after this, Leo was the one she would hold on to. He was the only one who made her feel like no one else mattered. He was the only one who really, truly cared. Calypso sat up slowly, and looked out at the crashing waves on the beach. The bright orange sun glowed like fire as it sunk into the water. An odd calmness suddenly washed over her as she breathed in the fresh salty air. Every hero that had come to her island had left her an empty promise— a promise to return, a promise to give her a happy ending. She had always known it was a lie. They never had any intention of coming back. She had just been a fun part of their adventures. But with Leo... He had left her a full promise. A promise from the heart; a promise that made her believe that he actually had a plan. And even though she knew logically that no man could ever return, she couldn't help but feel like perhaps this time was different. She loved him. She trusted him. Leo was a man of the impossible. He lived for it. He made her believe for the first time that perhaps her curse didn't have to be eternal. For the first time in eons, Calypso began to hope— really genuinely hope. She didn't try to surpress it. She let it relax her mind and clear her thoughts. The feeling filled her heart, and she surrendered herself to it. It was risky, but there was no one she'd rather hope for. This would be the hero who would save her. Just this once, she had come first in his book, and no other girl had taken his heart. I'm waiting for you, Leo , Calypso promised into the wind. Do not forget me . Not everyone interprets what she feels as fear, but I think that's part of what makes this time different, you know? Fear is such a powerful emotion; it puts more meaning behind her feelings than sadness. Anyway, I really would love reviews for this one. Tell me your thoughts, favorite parts, etc. I'm putting this up for you guys, and I want to know if it made an impact! You're all the best. Thanks for reading! Next chapter is Leo's POV and it's super good so keep reading!