short tilt of her head. "Was Professor Brunner giving you the 'Welcome to Greek Hill' speech? He doesn't get to do that often enough, so I'm sure he was excited about it," she finished with a dry chuckle. "Yeah. Nothing I haven't heard before, though," he admitted with a shrug. "What about you? What are you still doing here? Everybody's gone home by now." "Oh, my friends are waiting for me outside," she pointed out, signaling vaguely in the direction of the school entrance. "I had to sign up for a class. Someone dropped out of AP Physics and if I waited until tomorrow the spot could be snagged up by someone else." Percy let out a whistle. "AP classes, wow. You must be really smart, huh?" Being just an average student, and one with ADHD and dyslexia on top of that, he'd be lying if he said that wasn't a little intimidating to hear. Still, he liked that he was learning new things about her even in their first (but hopefully not last) conversation. Knowing that she was as smart as she was beautiful only made him want to get to know her better. She shook her head. "It looks good on college applications," she added by way of an explanation. If only she knew that only made her seem even smarter. Even though he was a junior, Percy had never even given college a thought. The extent of his academical worries came to completing the current school year; he'd worry about college when the time came, and not a minute sooner. "Um, I gotta go. If I don't go out soon, my friends will—" "Annabeth!" came a voice from the far end of the hallway. Both of them turned to look in that direction, and just a couple of seconds later a person came running their way: it was the blond boy Percy had seen hanging out with her that morning. "Annabeth, are you done yet? Thalia's almost about to leave without you—" He cut himself off when he saw that the girl— Annabeth, it seemed— was not alone. "Oh. Sorry," he said, raising his hands in front of him as if emphasizing that his bursting into their conversation was an accident. "She can't leave without me, it's my car," she answered the question with a roll of her eyes. "I'm almost done. Tell her to hold her horses, I'll be right out." The boy nodded in acknowledgment and, with one quick side-glance at Percy, turned around the way he came, presumably to relay the message. The girl turned back to Percy. "So," he started, quick to start the conversation back up before she had the chance to tell him again that she had to leave. "Annabeth, huh?" "Yeah. Annabeth Chase. It's nice to meet you, Percy Jackson." She smiled at him, and Percy felt his stomach do a somersault. He couldn't be sure yet, but he had a feeling smiles from Annabeth were a rare gift indeed. "I really have to go, though," she added a little sheepishly, and he understood he couldn't hold her back any longer. He could only hope they'd broken the ice and she wouldn't just ignore him for the rest of the school year. She turned to walk down the hallway toward the exit, but after a couple of steps, she stopped and turned to look at him again. "By the way, I really liked how you put down Eustace this morning. He had it coming, he's a jerk." "Yeah, that's what I thought, too," he replied with a shrug, allowing himself a small smirk. Normally he'd be against judging people based on the way they look, but then some people just love being walking stereotypes, and Eustace screamed "bully" from a mile away. She chuckled. ( Score another point for Jackson! ). "You should have lunch with us some day." And, like that wasn't the most mind-blowing thing she'd said in their entire conversation , she turned and made her way down the hallway. Percy's eyes stayed glued to her form as she walked away, and when she disappeared from sight he had to fight the urge to do a (highly embarrassing) happy jig. . . Author's notes!— [1] Irving is an English/Scottish last name meaning "green water." Thought it was fitting. Also, Kevin McKidd, who played Poseidon in the first Percy Jackson movie, is Scottish. Yay double trivia! =D [2] Mira means "sea, ocean" in Sanskrit. What can I say, nobody names their kid "Amphitrite" these days. Hey, all! I hope you liked this first chapter. I actually finished the first "episode" of this story (directly based on the first episode of Everwood ), and it got to be really long, so it'll be divided into three chapters. I'll try my best to post the second and third chapters within the next two weeks. I have not started writing the second "episode" and for reference, this first one took me about a year and a half to write as it is, so I can't promise speedy updates after chapter three is posted. I'm a slow writer; when it comes to my stories, it's better to not expect updates at all and then be pleasantly surprised when a new chapter pops up out of the blue. Just bein' honest here. I hope you can understand that. In any case, I'll be posting snippets and excerpts from anything I write on my Tumblr (girls-are-weird) so be sure to follow me there! I'll have chapter 2 up around this time next week, so please do tell me what you thought of this one, and what you think of this AU idea in general. Surely I can't be the only one around who loved Everwood , right? If you did, too, please tell me in a comment! PS: If you're wondering "Where's [insert-character-here]? Why didn't you include him/her?!" then don't worry, most of your favorite characters will make an appearance in this story... eventually.