the bathroom, and I'll show you, just how much I like what I see" whispered Clarisse right into Annabeth's ear making her shiver. Clarisse broke the hug and went to the bathroom, Annabeth counted to ten before quickly making her way to the bathroom as well. Once in the bathroom Annabeth looked for Clarisse only to be pulled into one of the stalls, Clarisse quickly closed the stall door and locked it before pushing Annabeth against its wall and kissing her fiercely, one hand in her hair and the other on her hip. Annabeth has one hand in Clarisse's hand and the other gripping to her shoulder for support. Clarisse pushes her right leg between Annabeth's legs, pushing her thigh right onto Annabeth's centre, her lips never leaving Annabeth's making sure to swallow all the moans. Clarisse takes the hand she has on Annabeth's hip and slides it to her thigh enjoying the feel of her skin before taking the thigh and hooking it around her hip, giving her easier access to push her own jean clad thigh against Annabeth's centre. Clarisse's other hand played with Annabeth's right breast through the dress and the bra she had on, Annabeth broke the kiss and let out a very breathily hushed "Clarisse we have to hurry". "Fine" said Clarisse with a little pout, Annabeth gave her a sweet kiss pouring nothing but love into it; cause she knew Clarisse pouted for her and only her which made her feel more than a little special. Clarisse resisted the urge to mark Annabeth's neck, because she knew Annabeth would be very mad at her if she did, but oh did she want to just so that everyone could see that Annabeth is hers, but she settled for three soft kisses on her neck. Clarisse gave her one last kiss before pulling away, and helping Annabeth fix her dress, she unlocked the door and held it open for Annabeth, who walked passed her to look at herself in the mirror to see if she looked presentable. Clarisse joined her by the mirror "You should go first I'll wait a minute than follow" said Clarisse, Annabeth walked out but not before looking at Clarisse one more time over her shoulder, Clarisse waited a minute walked out of the bathroom. Percy went to join his girlfriend at the table she sat at and he was so focused on her that he did not see the wink and smile that Clarisse sent her way. "There you are, it's about time you got here they're about to go on" Annabeth said as she saw Percy, she had a blush on her face which she hopped her boyfriend would not ask questions about or even notice. Percy sat down next to his girlfriend before the lights stilled and the music died down and Silena walked up to the microphone where the only light on the stage was, she was wearing an outfit that Percy could not begin to even describe other then hot (think Yuna from final fantasy 10-2 gunslinger). Silena took hold of the mic and walked to the edge of the stage and said in a sing song voice, "hello~ everybody, I hope you're all having fun, but if your not your about to. Now how about you all tell me what you want" the crowd gathered started to chant "Half-Bloods, Half-Bloods, Half-Bloods" and Silena looked to be eating up all of the attention. The girl on stage held up he hand and then brought the one holding the mic to her smiling mouth again, "we're the Half-Bloods, and we're here to make you all have FUN~!" the light came on one the stage and they started to play their first song of the night. I hoped you like the first chapter and that you will review with some good or bad comments, a review is a review so click it and say something. Updates for other fics will come soon enough so hold out till then, however Sozzled Trip is taking a break cause Succubi thinks poor young Derek needs it after what I have put him through, though I might add a little something , something later on. If someone who goes to school in America can please maybe PM us how a day in a school goes exactly then please, we really need some insight. Home schooled so we have no idea what it's like out there. So Halloween is coming next month and we have discussed it, we would like our followers to choose a special Halloween fic that will come out along with our normal weekly fics, so here are the rules for the draw. 1) Two fics must be chosen, one m/m and another f/f 2) The fics can be the same show, movie, game, cartoon, anime, real person, book or whatever you want; though we do decide which fic we will ultimately write with the same means we decide every other fic, by fate. All Halloween requests will be written down and put in a hat and then we will randomly draw one m/m and one f/f. 3) Along with your request you should add two tags, we will then do the same with all of the tags entered and draw two for each story, in this way the story will be something good and new. 4) Last rule, we will think of the story, so do not add a summery with your requests for the Halloween competition. Though we will follow certain guidelines you might add like, "Nico and Percy dress up as each other for Halloween" or "Karma and Amy tease each other with explicit costumes", so let loose those imaginations. We look forward to seeing requests in our inbox real soon, so let those deep and dark fantasies that you have kept hidden out and come play for Halloween, also please PM and or add your requests in the comments/reviews. Written by CambionTwins. Work is at AO3 and