Percy turned back onto his right every time. Nico was momentarily relieved that Percy was still alive, and that he was still fighting (that was Percy for you, rebellious and stubborn). But the relief washed away with the blood on his face when he realized why Percy was hugging his stomach. Then the impossible happened. It happened so fast, Nico didn't see it coming. But the giant stabbed Percy's left shoulder and viciously pinned him onto his back; Percy roared. Nico fought harder this time, half-ballistic. But his actions were nulled. Around him, Jason and the others were just as ballistic. In fact, Jason looked so livid like he could tear the wind spirits into shreds. Hazel – poor, poor, sweet, innocent Hazel – was one step from becoming a lunatic, being held back by centaurs, overcome by immense guilt and immense responsibility to make things right . Frank was with her. Piper was trying to calm everybody down, but she was also trying to coax their saviours (who were currently also their captors that prevented them from saving Percy) to release them, and possibly aid them. Leo and Annabeth was nowhere in sight (thank gods they've disappeared into the ship before this horrible vision plagued the crew). And Nico? Nico was struggling against the grips of his skeletons, summoned possibly by his father and HELL Nico was going to slay his father if Percy was sacrificed – Maybe it was because he was the son of the God of Death. Maybe it was because of that, that he understood everything and whatever related to death. Death in all of its aspects came rushing to him, slammed him as a wave that demanded to be heard, and Nico felt it. He felt the pain, the fear, the denial, the absolute hate – that shocked him so bad to realize Percy was hating his father so venomously – the desperation, and suffering. He was feeling Death. Percy's death. This had nothing to do with Thanatos or his father. This was Nico's power – or current ability – alone. He was living Percy's death at the same time as him. For one sheer moment, Nico desperately wished that whatever he was experiencing of Percy now would be the same as sharing Percy's burden on his behalf, so that the guy would suffer less. If Nico was experiencing Percy's pain, surely he could be easing it. But he didn't feel it. He felt the pain; he felt it in his bones. But… He felt it…but it didn't harm him. It was like a cockroach scuttling up your bones, phantom ghosts hacking at your skin and flesh to replicate the wounds. He felt the tingling, irritating pricks and numbness. He even felt the wave of agony slamming into his head and body. But what he felt were the waves; not the agony itself. Nico started to shake. If all he experienced now was doing nothing to help and Percy was actually there alone – Then they went and pierced Percy's throat. Percy howled, and Nico howled like the haunting dead, unleashing its thousand years of sorrow. Percy was brilliantly pinned onto the altar like an entomological collection. Blood oozed everywhere, trailing outwards so that it looked like he had numerous red limbs stretched out. The blood made a small trickle and dripped off the stairs. Normally, monsters would have flooded towards such a delight. But this time, they all scrambled back in fear. Here was the blood of the demigod, but not any normal demigod. No, this was the blood of a demigod who had turned into the ultimate and sole sacrifice for Mother Earth the moment his capture had been accomplished. A being completely different, and one that also no monster dared to touch (who would dare, pray tell, to steal Mother Earth's long waited offering?). Percy had ceased screaming. His mind was fluttering like frail butterflies, constructing a broken link to keep Percy conscious. He wheezed, no longer being able to breathe properly. Blood flowed from his mouth as he did, but sadly, he couldn't muster enough energy to cough the blood that was drowning him. It was still a mystery he was still alive. His soul had long shattered in the psychological sense. Father had given up. He could feel it, somehow, mysteriously – the squabble and uproars in Olympus over his sufferings – that Poseidon could not help. He dimly and briefly wondered if this was how Luke had felt when he had to die. When he had to face countless of near-death situations and see his loved ones ripped apart instead. The only thing Percy was glad of was that the others were safe, for the time being. The only thing Percy was hateful of was his rotten luck. Curse Anaklusmos; even that sword was enchanted by Gaia, he was certain of that now. Cursed to disappear from Percy when he needed it most, but not before giving a final mocking warning. His finger twitched in his rage. His breathing was more ragged than before, but it sounded like a crushed mouse about to die. Percy was dying. His life didn't play before his eyes, like what people said a dead person would see. Did it apply to him? Or did it not apply to him now? Or was his reminiscence of Luke and his friends enough? Mom… Between the darkness, he saw the looming figure of Earthly Humanoid General. It put its hand out, and a telekhine handed its clean and newly gleaming sword. The general brought it up, both hands on the grip, sword tip downward. Atop Percy's heart. Well, cliché bloodthirsty ritual for you. It braced itself, then plunged. Nico certainly screamed so hard he could believe his head had decapitated on its own, but he wasn't sure if anybody on earth – or on Olympus – bothered to hear at all. ... "The blood is shed! Now we need the last female demigod to drain!"