this state because he wasn't getting his needs fulfilled. And if you start slacking again, he'll fall right back to this condition. " "So this happens every time he doesn't get enough -err pleasure?" Will asked seriously. "Correct. Luckily since he's only part succubus, he doesn't need as much as a full blooded one. Those poor creatures are insatiable. And if they go without it for long enough, they can grow so weak they die." Will's alarm grew. "I have to get home." Hopefully Nico was still sleeping and wouldn't wake up before he got back. Hecate nodded sagely. "Do you want to buy some Peruvian root? It'll energize you if you get tired." "Err no thanks. I'll be fine." Apollo clapped his shoulder and looked at him seriously. "Godspeed." While Will hurried home, he prepared the explanation he planned to give Nico. After all, it wasn't every day you found out you were part sex hungry demon. He was going to explain things gently and carefully but it quickly became apparent those plans were going out the window for as soon he came through the door, Lou Ellen rushed towards him. "It's Nico," she exclaimed panicked. "What's wrong?" Will asked already moving towards their bedroom. She shook her head. "He just became inconsolable when he woke up and you weren't there though we tried to tell him you'd be home soon. It's been frightening actually." "Okay thank you Lou Ellen, I'll take it from here." He'd shed his coat and jacket and left them on the carpet. "Does that mean you know what's wrong with him?" She asked from the foot of the stairs holding his discarded clothes. "Yes." He undid his tie. "I'll explain everything later." He opened the door to the master bedroom and was greeted to the sight of Nico, a small bundle buried deep in the center of the bed, only his head visible. Tears streaked down his worryingly pale cheeks and his eyes were puffed from sleep and tears. The sound of the door opening made him turn his head and the effect was instantaneous. His eyes widened. "Will!" He would have leaped out of bed and jumped on the doctor if Will didn't reach him first. "Hello, my love." Will wrapped him in his arms and kissed him deeply. Nico immediately went limp in his hold. All the explanations left Will's head as leaned down over Nico, still kissing him intensely. Nico leaned up into his touch, arching his back off the bed. He kissed him like a starving man who'd been wandering in the desert for weeks and had just found water in the form of Will's lips. Will discovered that Hecate had not been exaggerating when she said all night and many a time when he had fallen asleep, he was woken again to Nico climbing over him with his sinful eyes and lustful words, "need you" and Will obliged. Some part of him felt guilty. Nico's illness was really his fault. He was the provider, he should have been taking care of Nico and fulfilling his needs but he'd failed. Of course there was no way he could have known about his condition but he still felt responsible. So he thoroughly fucked him into the mattress all night and into the wee hours of morning, making sure to satisfy Nico's craving for sex. Finally, though, the storm had passed and Nico and Will lay side by side utterly exhausted and spent. "Christ," Nico whispered softly. Will looked over at him and grinned. He turned onto his side. "Are you feeling better then?" "Yes. Yes, completely. I feel perfectly fine now," Nico said bemused. "Good." Will kissed his forehead. "Then she was right." Nico looked over at him, eyebrow raised. "She?" He gave him the rundown of what had happened at the apothecary yesterday and everything he had discovered. Nico just blinked stunned. Will took his hand. "Are you okay?" Nico shook his head. "I don't know. I can't believe this. I'm part succubus? I mean my parents are dead so there's no way I'd know but…" "It might not have been your parents. It might have been some ancestor from a long time ago." "Yeah, maybe." Nico blinked again. "Wait, so we're going to have to…err make love a lot more now?" "That's basically the gist of it." Will stroked his hand. "Nico why didn't you tell me?" He looked over at him. "Tell you what?" "Yesterday, you were all over me. Why didn't you tell me what you really wanted?" Nico's eyes widened as he blushed furiously. "I- that is, you don't just go and ask a thing like that!" he sputtered. "You got sick and almost died, Nico," Will scolded sternly. "I don't care how embarrassing it is, you will tell me when you need me to bed you." His scolding was light, he still considered himself partly at fault for what had happened. Nico flushed ever brighter. With his dark curls all in disarray, he looked even cuter than usual. "Okay, I promise." "Good." Will kissed him. "I don't want to have this miscommunication again. Now I think we should do this at least once day. Obviously at night. That might be going overboard but I'm not taking any chances." "Oh my god, I can't believe you're planning this out!" Nico hid his face under the pillow. Will gave a grin that Nico couldn't see. "You plan out your meals don't you? Why not this? That reminds me we missed dinner last night, I'll have Lou Ellen bring us up some food." "Now I'll think you'll be okay missing one day, that's if I ever work late or go out of town. But I'd really hate to push it to a week. We went two weeks without it the last time you got sick so that was definitely too much…" Nico buried himself deeper into the bed in mortification as Will continued rambling on about the logistics.