same. So I beg of you to be careful." And with that he dissipated, all that remained was the faint aroma of fresh grapes and wine. The demigods stared at each other for a moment, absorbing the words of surprisingly wisdom for the god of wine… "How. Unexpected," Jason spoke up finally, severing the silence that once held them captive. "Yeah, you could say that," Will mumbled under his breath as he raked a hand through his thick golden curls. "So should we open it?" Piper's fingers twitched against Jason's thigh. "I don't know. You heard what Mr. D said. We'll never be the same afterwards," Percy replied, his breath ragged in his throat, as he contemplated the man's words. "Yeah, well, I don't believe it," Nico rolled his eyes at how tense his friends were, crossing his arms over his chest. "He's a drunk and probably just pulling a prank on us." "What if it's not a prank?" Annabeth inquired gently, head bowed as she stared at the floor. "Yeah, well what if it is and this book is actually something like Apollo's diary." "I think we should open it," Leo smirked, already reaching out for the book in Jason's hands, but Jason only scowled, drawing it clpser to his chest. "Well, I think we shouldn't," Annabeth snipped, shaking her head frantically. "How about a vote then?" Calypso suggested, shrugging her shoulders nonchalantly. "Yeah, if you think we should, raise your hand. If you think we shouldn't keep your hand down, simple," Leo grinned mischievously, eyeing the book out of the corner of his eye. Everyone glanced at each other and nodded their head in agreement. Leo's hand immediately shot up, which was followed by a smirking Will, a brooding Nico, and an impassive Calypso. Breathing in deeply, Piper hesitantly raised her hand and at the same time, Percy mimicked her. They gazed at each other, a lopsided grin consuming their faces. Jason's and Annabeth's hand stayed firmly in their laps. "I see," Annabeth's lip twitched as she tried to stifle the disappointment that crept into her tone. "So I guess…" Jason trailed off, her hand protectively resting on the leather cover of the book. "We open it," Piper finished for him, squeezing his hand reassuringly. Leo bounced with joy when Jason meticulously situated the strange item on the table in the middle of the room. His hand trembled over the cover, but before he could flip open the book, Piper reached out and clasped his hand, intertwining their fingers together. "We'll do this together," she smiled warmly at him, his anxiety seeming to disappear as he was engulfed in a wave of love and serenity that radiated from her. And then with calm expressions, they fingered the edges of the cover. They glanced at their friends once before their eyes were captivated by each other's, kaleidoscope against sky blue. With a breath, they flipped open the aged book, the aged paper crackling underneath their fingertips and… Nothing. The simple page was blank, the margins of it yellowed. Jason and Piper gazed at their friends, shrugging their shoulders. Leo frowned, immediately depressed that the words Dionysus spoke were lies, a prank, but before he could open his mouth and gripe about it, the room erupted in a golden glow, illuminating everything and everyone. A warmth enshrouded the demigods as if the sun was right here beside them, its tendrils stroking the skin of each person as if to comfort them. And then it was gone. As if it never had existed. A pregnant silence immediately followed, however no one could pierce it, as they too disappeared with the sudden light. "Ah, it's so nice," Dionysus murmured contently as he rested his head against the lawn chair, the sunlight licking at his face, and in his hand was a coke, the condensation from it dripping down his fingers. "What have you done this time, Dionysus?" Apollo sighed as he appeared beside the lethargic god. "What?" He snapped indignantly, narrowing his eyes at the handsome sun god. "Can't a god be happy?" "Of course, but you're never happy," Apollo chortled, crossing his arms over his bare sun-kissed chest. "Oh, so you caught me," he grinned as he stretched in the small chair, hairy legs kicked out. "I suppose I have." "Well, you remember that book you wrote awhile back," Dionysus brought up the topic nonchalantly, his sunglasses perched on his nose. "Which one?" "The one about fairy tales." "You mean the one that instantly transports the reader into a magical dimension where are then forced into the characters of classic stories." Apollo raised his eyebrows comically as the memory of the creation of that book flickered in his mind. "Yes, yes that's the one." "So let me guess that you manipulated some poor kids into opening that book." "Yup." "And it's probably the kids that annoy you the most, so Percy's definitely one of them," Apollo stroked his defined chin thoughtfully, a light stubble scratching at his fingers. "Yup." "You do know that in the story, time works differently, right?" "Yup." "They'll probably be back in tops a few hours, right?" "Yup, but a few hours is like a lifetime in Elysium. Yeah, one without that Peter Johnson." Apollo immediately face palmed, peeking at the content wine god through the gaps of his fingers. "How are you a god again?" "I invented with wine." And with that, Dionysus opened up his coke with a piercing pop, raised the cold beverage to his lips, and drank. Sorry about the errors. So I don't know how well this is since it's really just a starter chapter to introduce my idea, but... If I find out that you like it enough, I might just start sooner for ya. Can't wait to start this story, though. It's gonna be so much fun. xD So please comment. I would love to hear what you think about my new idea. ;) Have a wonderful day. ~Caity ;P