already. At first, they'd thought that they could handle it. The realm had thought that the royal armies could take care of the giants. But then more just kept coming, bringing death and destruction with them. People began volunteering to join the army, but then they realized just how futile it was, and stopped signing up. Then came the drafts, and then people began resisting… Bianca had seen everything go from the home she loved and knew to a troublingly dangerous place; especially because she'd been allowed to attend the war councils not even a year into the war. She had barely just turned fourteen, and Demeter pulled her aside and was telling her the rules. Above all, Bianca wanted to do something to end the war. Anything. She felt so useless just standing in the shadows. Once the meal was finished, the three siblings played a word game until there was knock on the door, followed by their father's voice. "Bianca, the meeting will resume soon." She reluctantly stood, smoothing her dress and hair, and then straightened her circlet before exiting the room carefully. She could feel Nico and Bianca's eyes on her. She didn't have to look back to know that Nico's gaze was one of longing. He wished to go with her. Bianca dreaded the day that he would be old enough to join them. She followed her father back into the meeting room, and took her place at the left side of his chair. She wished she could sit down, like the sons of the kings, but she was a daughter. The Oracle had already been in the room, chatting with her attendant. His name was Apollo. From what Bianca knew, he was Zeus's nephew. Though she knew that the two resided in a cave on a hill by the sea. Nobody knew just where. Bianca glanced up to find that the Oracle had finished speaking to her attendant, and he stood behind her, no longer sitting next to her. He was the Oracle's shadow, but everyone respected him. He defended her from any and all harm, though Bianca highly suspected that the Oracle could take care of herself in a fight. He also wrote down her visions, hunches, and prophecies, and took care of her when she passed out after having a prophecy. He was, Bianca supposed, a sort of nurse or servant. And yet, it was a position of honor. She wondered if people would still respect the position if she were to take it. Bianca glanced at Apollo again, but found that the Oracle was staring at her. Bianca looked down at the floor, clasping her wrist with her hand behind her back. It was cold in the meeting room. There was nothing in there to keep them warm. At least in the rooms, they kept hot irons around the room to keep everyone warm. Zeus entered the room, directly followed by his son Jason. He was fifteen; almost a year younger than Bianca, but not quite. Poseidon was the last to enter, Perseus at his side. The Oracle beckoned lazily with two fingers; not even lifting her hand from the table, and Perseus went to her side, kneeling. She patted the seat next to her, and he sat there. Once everyone was seated, the kings looked to the Oracle to begin. "Before we resume our meeting, Hades, why don't you have your daughter sit next to you? She is a princess after all. The princes are sitting. Why not her?" The Oracle looked pointedly at Bianca's father. "Sit, Bianca." Hades murmured softly, pulling the empty chair out. She gratefully sat down, looking at the table, hoping her hair would hide her blush. She prayed that people wouldn't take notice of her. She felt uncomfortable when people stared at her for too long, mainly because she just wasn't used to it. Then, the meeting began. Giants could be killed, but it wasn't exactly easy; especially when there was a seemingly endless army of them. The battle plans had to be careful and calculated. Their collective army wasn't very big, so they had to devise a way to work with what they had, while keeping as many men alive as possible. Bianca knew that she would never need to learn from the battle strategies, for she would never be planning for war. She was just there because it was traditional to have the royal children's children—once old enough—stand in to understand just how serious war is. Once the war counsel was finally over, they all stood up, preparing to go back to their rooms and stay there overnight, and then go back to their castles. "Hades, stay back a moment." The Oracle requested. The king stiffened and sat back down. Bianca settled back into her seat too. "However, your advisor and general may go." The two men got up and left without being dismissed by Hades. Once the room was empty for everyone except the Oracle and her attendant, and Hades and Bianca, the Oracle began to speak. "I'm coming back with you. I will be staying at your castle for a while, along with my attendant, of course." "We'll be happy to have you, mighty Oracle." Hades smiled warmly. He looked like he was forcing it. "I'd love to get to know your daughter during my visit." The Oracle informed him, smiling. "You two may go." Hades stood, taking Bianca by the shoulder and guiding her out. He brought her to his office before turning to look her square in the eyes. "Do you have any idea what the Oracle would want with you?" He asked urgently. "No, Papa." Bianca replied softly, her voice scratchy from lack of use, but full of surprise. "The Oracle never does anything without a reason." He warned her. "Keep that in mind, Bianca." "Yes, Papa." She promised, before looking down at the ground again. A/N: Feel free to let me know what you think, if you want.