being so easygoing and bright, unsettled him. "I don't know if I've ever tried a butterscotch flavored milkshake," Nico told him, too nervous to comment on Luke's strange behavior. What if Luke really did want to break off the friendship? A waitress came over a minute later and Luke ordered them both milkshakes, along with a plate of cheese fries, "You like cheese fries, right Nico?" Nico nodded, despite his current lack of an appetite. The waitress left and an uncomfortable silence settled between the two boys. Previously, Nico had been able to count on Luke to come up with something to say. Tonight there were no words. Maybe he hadn't known Luke for long, but Nico could still tell that something was seriously bothering the guy. "Is something wrong, Luke?" Nico questioned, finally daring to speak. Luke, who had been staring at the wall, refocused his vision and turned to Nico. "I—I was just thinking, I guess," he said. "You might have noticed that I was really silent this last week. It's not anything you did, so I hope you didn't think that." Nico tried not to look relieved. "Oh, no, I didn't think that." The lie was so obvious that Luke smiled a little, which helped to relieve a lot of the tension. "Still looking for reasons that I shouldn't want to be your friend, I see," he said, "Nice try, I'm not letting you off that easy." Warmth filled Nico's entire body, making it hard to sit still. It was such a Luke thing to say. After a few seconds though, Nico realized that Luke had successfully avoided what he'd originally set out to say. And Nico didn't intend to let him off that easy, either. "Well, are you going to tell me what's up or not?" The waitress arrived with their milkshakes. "And the fries will be out in a minute, Sugars," she said in an out-of-place southern accent. Luke thanked her, but his eyes remained on Nico. The younger boy shifted nervously, hoping he hadn't overstepped his boundaries. "I spent the last week in Connecticut," he admitted, as if that should clear everything up. When Nico continued to stare blankly at him, Luke continued. "Okay, I guess there are three things you should know about me. One, I lived in Connecticut with my mother until I was fourteen. Two, I live with my grandma now, my mother is still in Connecticut. Three," he paused, finally lowering his eyes, "my mother is a paranoid schizophrenic." The heat that had buzzed through Nico's body dissipated. "Oh," he breathed. "I, um, living with her got to be too hard. Especially since my dad was never around. I haven't visited her since moving in with my grandmother until last week. Apparently she has cancer, on top of everything." He said no more, choosing instead to drink from his milkshake. "Hey, you haven't tried yours yet," he realized. "Try it. Milkshakes make everything better." An encouraging smile lit his face. Nico blinked several times, shocked at the complete one-eighty Luke had made between one second and the next. What kind of creature was Luke Castellan? When it seemed that Luke would not move or blink or speak until Nico tried the damn shake, he wrapped his lips around the straw and took a drink. He had to admit, the sign hadn't lied and neither had Luke. "Good, huh?" The blond grinned. "Delicious," Nico agreed. The waitress brought over the fry plate and they, too, were delicious. "Is she—your mom I mean—is she going to be okay?" Luke shook his head. "No, I don't think so. She'll probably die soon. I mean, I should feel a lot worse… but she's been dead to me for a long time." Nico's stomach twisted. He knew that feeling. His own father was hardly a parental figure. "Not everyone loves their parents, Luke. It's nothing to feel bad about." "Growing up with her was a nightmare. She terrified me, always yelling about invisible gods and monsters and people out to get both of us," Luke's hand shook slightly as he grabbed a fry. "So that's why I didn't call or text you," he continued. "I got home on Saturday night actually, but then I figured I needed to tell you about this. About my past. And it's… difficult. I don't normally talk about it." "I know how you feel," the younger boy said. He'd sworn to himself years ago that he'd never talk about his family life with anyone, but after Luke's confession he felt the need to say something that would let Luke know that he wasn't alone. "My family has their fair share of issues. My dad won't be winning any awards for fathering any time soon." Luke gave a sad, sympathetic smile. "Who needs fathers anyway, right? We've got cheese fries." "And milkshakes," Nico added, holding up his glass. "And friends," Luke continued, holding up his glass as well. "To friends, then," Nico smiled. "Yeah, to friends," they clinked their milkshakes together. In typical Luke fashion, the seventeen year old had put a smile on Nico's face again. And it didn't matter if part of Nico hoped for more than just friendship, or if tap dances went on in his chest whenever Luke looked at him, because just knowing Luke—just being friends with him had already made Nico's life a little bit brighter. For the time being, Nico felt honest happiness. A/N: Italian translations provided by the wonderful oh-nothing-important on tumblr, who actually lives in Italy. " Buone vacanze, Amore." Happy holidays, Love (Equivalent to happy summer) " Divertiti oggi!" Have fun today. " Mi scusi?" Excuse me. The rest should be pretty obvious, I think. Remember, Murder Suspect Ch 19 next, THEN the second half of this. Also, if you didn't see, I have started posting another story called When You Least Expect It in which Nico teaches a little girl dance class and you should all totally check it out.