and Jason did a lip-sync to MKTO's Classic. They were sloppy, disorganized and Leo almost set the camp on fire 4 times, but they seemed to be having fun and their girlfriend seemed to enjoy it. When they finished the camp cheered and Percy summoned water from a bucket to extinguish Leo. The boys returned to their seats next to their girlfriends with Nico sitting on the end. "Nice job." He said trying to keep all butterflies in his mouth. "There you are." A familiar voice said from behind him. Will had scooted his way over. "I thought we were going to sit together." Will's hair shined with the light of the fire. "I was…well-" "Up next, the new hit trio Piper, Calypso and Annabeth!" Grover announced as the camp began to clap. "Well, better stop talking." Nico hoped his nervousness didn't come off as rude. He looked over and say Jason and Percy raising their eyebrows at him. He wanted to engulf them in the earth. He looked up as the music started and Piper began to sing. The boys looked very excited that their girlfriends were performing form them. They had smug looks, and kept elbowing each other. Just as Calypso was about to start singing she made a devilish grin and pointed right at Nico. On queue he shot up and began to sing the first verse. With his eyes on Will the entire time he could only hear the cheers from the audience. "You need a Bad boy to blow your mind!" He belted causing Jason and Nico to start hooting like a pack hockey fans. When the song ended he could barely stand up. Thank God the girls were stronger then they looked. They helped him back to his spot where he was met by the guys and their hugs. He hated being touched, but at this point he was using them for physical support. Nico turned to see Will, who had moved away from the fire giving him another Come here now motion. Nico looked back at his friends who pushed him over. "Hey" Nico said drawing out his y. "What was that?" Will questioned abruptly. His face was stern and eyes were piercing. "I-I" Nico was stuttering. He didn't know what to say, He thought of his conversation with the guys in Cabin 1. Take a risk. Before he could rationalize anything his lips were smacked against Will's. For a split second Nico thought he was flying, he later realized it was him falling to the ground. "What the hell man!" Will yelled wiping his mouth. "Why'd you…what the hell?!" Nico couldn't understand anything. His ears were buzzing from the blood rushing to his head. "I thought…I thought." Nico couldn't make a sentence. "I thought we were just friends. I mean I didn't think.." Will didn't seem to be making any sense of the situation either. "But, I thought you were….are you?" Nico wanted to just roll up and die. Embarrassed didn't being to explain this. "If I am or not, that doesn't mean I wanted you to just kiss me. Or sing me a song. I thought we were just friends. Seriously what the hell?" Will's hand on his head, he kept walking in circles. At that moment Jason and Percy had run over. "Dude, chill out." Percy said stepping between them. Jason had bent down and helped Percy off the ground. "It's not my fault your friends acting like a freak." Will's words broke Nico. The temperature dropped, and his face lost all color. "Look, I'm gonna go." Will said running away. Fighting tears Nico pushed Jason away to stand on his own. "Man I'm sorry." Percy said making sure not to touch him. "Look that guys a jerk and not worth it. In my opinion he clearly has his own shit to deal with." Silence surrounded them for a few seconds. "Want me to go kick his ass?" Percy question couldn't help but make Nico crack a smile. It didn't go unnoticed as Percy persisted. "I can go kick his ass for you. Then Jason can, and we'll even let you do it. It'll be a big ass kicking party." At that point Nico had to start laughing. "God, I'm so stupid." Nico laughed threw his tears. "No, you're not stupid. You had a crush. We all do dumb things for the people we like. I jumped into the pit of hell." Percy's smile brought comfort to the mess Nico made. "Come here." He opened his arms and wrapped them around Nico. Percy's strong arms held him while, his tears stained Percy's shirt. Nico inhaled and took in them smell of saltwater at the beach. Again Percy Jackson had come to the rescue; again he was Nico's hero. Nico felt a squeeze in his gut and pushed Nico away. He looked into Percy's face and saw the same thing he did years ago. Why did he have to be such a good guy! Tears swelled again and Nico ran off into the woods. He could hear Jason's footsteps following him, but he ran until he couldn't anymore. "Dude, what's the deal?" Jason asked as Nico fell to his knees. "I hate him. I fucking hate him." "Will?" Jason began. "That guys a piece of shit, we know this." "No, Percy." Nico began to cry. "Percy, why do you hate Percy?" Jason looked very confused, as was his right. Nico couldn't bring himself to say it, not tonight. He spent the last few months swarming he was over him. Instead he was just distracting himself with another person. With one stupid gesture Nico found that Will was the biggest ass on the planet, and Percy was the sweetest. Once again he found himself infatuated with the son of the sea god. END. So that's my follow up to the events of Blood of Olympus. If you'd like to see what happens next check out my first story "The Twice Blessed Demigod."