Percy himself had been on the receiving end of his wrath. Percy however fought back and broke his jaw, Gabe tried to press charges and the investigation revealed his domestic abuse. Gabe had gone to jail and Sally started going to support group. Around a year later she met Paul; the man had swept her off her feet and stuck around even after she told him about her past. Five years later found them married and happier than ever, Percy would be forever grateful to Paul. Percy dumped his bag on his bed before heading to the living room. Paul was on the couch, Tyson leaning over the back rambling on to him about the pretty earrings Ella wore today. Paul was smiling and listening intently. That was another thing he had Paul to thank for, Tyson. When Percy was 15 Tyson's birth mother had passed away and the boy had been sent to live with his father, Poseidon. The politician couldn't handle the scandal his illegitimate child would cause, so he'd called Sally and begged her to take the boy in. For all his faults, Percy did admit his father loved him and his brother; he paid regular child support and had made sure Gabe got the full sentence. So naturally he refused to put Tyson in the foster system. This was about a year into Paul and Sally's relationship; his mother had been so scared of how Paul would react to the news. To everyone's surprise when Paul arrived home to find Tyson running around calling Percy big brother, he'd simply picked the 10 year old up and asked what his favorite TV show was. Tyson had replied with and enthusiastic 'POWER RANGERS DINO THUNDER!' Paul sat down with the boy in his lap, pulling up the on demand and put Power Rangers on for him. Percy was about to go plop down in the recliner when there was a knock at the door. He called out that he'd get it before making his way to the door. When he opened it he was greeted by a beaming red head. Rachel was dressed in her usual clothes, paint splattered jeans and all. "Your costumes, sir," she said in a pompous voice, presenting him with a box. "Why thank you," Percy said, matching her voice as he accepted the package. They bother burst into laughter, amused by their own silliness. "New shade of blue," Rachel noted, her green eyes observing the walls. "Yeah, mom decided it was time for a change, wanna come see the furniture?" Percy asked, nodding his head in the direction of the living room. "Sure, I'm gonna miss the Aqua though. What is this, Periwinkle?" she asked making her way into the house. Percy butt bumped the door shut, following her into the living room, "I think the name was 'Storming Sea'." "Oh! I love this material," Rachel said running her hands over the recliner, "It's so soft, and it complements the couch so well! Tell me again why your mother isn't an interior decorator?" "Because Mom loves writing too much," Tyson said, giving Rachel a toothy grin. He liked Rachel because she let him come over to her studio apartment and paint with her. "Ah yes," Rachel said, acting as if she'd actually forgotten. Sally stuck her head in the living room, "Are you staying for dinner Rachel? We've got enough." "Pass up the offer of free food, made by Sally Jackson, saving me the trouble of cooking for myself? I'd have to be crazy to refuse!" "Good to hear," Sally chuckled at the artist, "Percy, dear, will you set the table?" Percy nodded, heading for the cabinet and grabbing plates. As he set the table Tyson explained to Rachel what was happening in the episode of Adventure Time he was watching. Rachel helped Sally bring all the food out and then they all sat down for dinner. Percy sent a silent prayer to the Gods, Rachel doing the same (Seriously what was with ALL of his friend also being pagan?) before digging in. "So Ty, where did you take Ella today?" Percy asked looking at his younger brother. "To the library! Ella loves books, so we sat and read for a while. Mom brought up a picnic and the Librarian let us eat it in the back," he said grinning and blushing, "she kissed me on the cheek before she left and told me she really liked me!" "That's adorable," Rachel coed at him, making Tyson giggle and blush harder. Tyson looked down at his plate, "I think I'm gonna ask her to be my girlfriend on Monday." "I'm sure she'll say yes," Sally chimed in, smiling at her youngest child. Tyson beamed back at her, digging into his plate again. Dinner continued with small talk, mainly about Rachel and her recent projects. Rachel didn't have a very good relationship with her parents and, as she did with so many kids, Sally had adopted her into the family. Percy and Rachel cleared the table together; Tyson grabbed the cups because he demanded to help. After that Rachel had to go, she wanted to get up early tomorrow to paint the dawn sky. Tyson went to his room, planning on finishing him homework before going to bed. Percy sighed, kissing his mom's cheek before heading to his own room. He collapsed on the bed, all the activity of the day catching up with his body and making him sore. Groaning he rolled over, glancing at the box on the floor. He sat up, pulling it closer and opening it. Grinning, he pulled on of the outfits out, they were perfect! He carefully put it back in the box, heading to his dresser. He pulled out his pajamas, throwing his clothes in the direction of his hamper and changing. Percy collapsed on his bed again; Competition was going to be the greatest moment of his life so far. With that thought he promptly passed out.