was actually born almost a century ago. I nearly dropped my sausages on the floor when they told me. Nico shakes a little behind me, probably trying to keep himself from laughing. Then, he holds up his hand, revealing the silver ring adorning it. "I'd be lying if I said that you weren't the first to be shocked. Now…" He kisses my hair and takes hold of my hand. "Let's get going. The boys are waiting for you." I smirk slightly. "Which ones?" Three of them probably want to hug me, and the other two probably want another shot at kicking my ass. So it could be any of them, really. Nico chuckles. "Sam and Eran mostly. Caiden has also been rather vocal in his demands that I come and get you out of school early. And even though he's not going to admit it, my little brother has been waiting rather impatiently for you to return to camp." Then, his expression grows a little more serious. "You know, if you're starting to have trouble here, I could always talk to the principal and have you transferred to a private school." That's a topic that has come up several ties over the last year. Now that I know all about the demigods and monsters roaming the world, Dad suggested that maybe I should transfer to either the school in New Rome, or one of the schools here in New York that has a large population of demigods. One of those schools is the now private school that Nico has been suggesting. Brooklyn Academy for the Gifted. And so far, I've turned down a transfer every time. Though with my grades dropping, I'm wondering if maybe it's about time I reconsider. Though, that can be a debate for another day. Because right now, I have a whole summer ahead of me, and some rather impatient friends waiting for me at camp. So, I shake my head. "Let's talk about this another day. Right now, it sounds like there are some idiots waiting for me to show up." "True." Nico doesn't protest the idiot label, probably because he agrees with me. "Then let's go, Jules-Albert has the car waiting outside." "Oh?" I was under the impression that we were going to be shadow traveling to camp. "Alright then." I suppose that I can sped a few extra hours hanging out with my godfather. I turn back to my old classmate and smile. "Later!" "Uh…later." She watches, rather stunned, as Nico walks me out the front doors, down the steps, and into the parking lot, where a black SUV is waiting for us, with its driver Misted to look more human than the zombie actually is. Before Nico can reach for the handle, I pull the door open and toss my backpack inside before following it. Nico chuckles and follows me into the back seat, instead of calling shotgun or something. I frown slightly. "Aren't you gonna sit up front?" Nico chuckles quietly. "No, the SUV is just a front." He taps on the darkened windows. "No one can see inside, and it's dark in here, which means that it's safe to travel from. Remember, there are some serious rules about what we can and can't do in front of mortals. Plus, it made the mortals less suspicious about me coming to pick you up with the vehicle out front." It occurs to me that it's actually a rather good idea. With the premise of driving away stuck in the mind of anyone watching, Nico can just grab me from in here and go. No messy Mist cleanups, and little to no chance of being attacked before we can leave. "Oh. That makes sense." It's funny, only last year, I was completely oblivious to all of the mystical things going on around me. Now, it feels weird to think about people not being able to see the things that I do. Nico smiles gently at me. "So, are you ready to go?" "Well…that depends…" I consider the probability of Mom being a perfectionist versus Dad being forgetful. "Did they already bring my stuff to camp?" Last year, I was pretty unprepared for going to camp, but this year, I made sure to pack ahead of time. I've spent the last couple of weeks getting a duffel bag ready with everything I could possibly need in it. Dad thought that it was excessive, but Mom praised me for being prepared. Nico laughs once more. "Yes, they brought your bag along. When they got to camp, Annabeth was already scolding Percy for nearly leaving it behind." I sigh with relief. If Mom was scolding him, rather than panicking, then that's a pretty good sign. "Alright, then I guess we can go." Nico tugs on my arm and pulls me into his lap, a place that I like very much. "I'll have Jules-Albert drop your backpack off at home for you. Is there anything that you need out of it?" I shake my head quickly. "Nope, I've got all of my essentials on me." I lift up my left hand and let him see the bracelet there. "I'm all ready to go. And when we get there, I'm hoping to find someone to burn off some energy with. I've been sitting still in a classroom for thirty hours a week, for the past ten months." "That's a long time." Nico smirks at me. "It's hard to believe that you could possibly sit still that long." I scoff at him. "Well, it wasn't easy, let me tell you. But I managed it pretty well. I just wish that they'd let us have outdoor classes or something, I need more fresh air than this." "Well, there'll be plenty of fresh air where we're going." Nico wraps his arms around me and holds me tightly. "Ready in three…" A grin curls my lips. "Two." "One." And just like that, the two of us disappear into the cold, gravity-defying darkness.