swung down to smack the Italian's ass. Nico squeak at the sting. "I-I want this." Smiling, Jason raised his hand again. Nico jumped startled as someone grabbed his hand. He looked up to see Percy had crawled over; the older boy gave him a reassuring smile. "Two." Jason brought his hand down again, this time Nico gave a soft moan. He squeezed Percy's hand, "I'm a pain slut." This surprised both Jason and Percy, but Nico just patiently waited for the next hit. Jason raised his hand. "Three," Nico counted obediently. This hit brought a porn worthy moan from the small boy. He could feel the heat pool in his stomach, his cock responding to the stimulation. "I'm a little whore." Again the two older boys exchanged a look of surprise, but Jason simple raised his hand again. "Four," Nico wiggled in the other's lap; he was definitely enjoying his punishment more than he should. Jason slapped his ass, this time harder than the others. Nico gasped, throwing his head back. "I'm your pain slut." Percy kissed his forehead as Jason brought his hand back, "Five." Jason hit him one last time, leaving a bright red hand print. Nico mewled, thrusting against the blond's leg, "I'm you're filthy little whore!" "Gods you're so beautiful like this," Percy praised, his free hand stroking Nico's cheek, "tied up, ass red, your dick hard and dripping, panting like air is impossible," he continued, Jason hummed in agreement. He smoothed his hand over Nico's ass, feeling the heat coming off the abused skin. "Nico, I'm going to fuck you now," Jason said squeezing a handful of his ass, "you will not cum until I say so. If you don't listen you won't cum for the next month, understood?" The small Greek nodded frantically. Percy kissed the Italian softly before shuffling back and getting comfortable, the son of Poseidon planned to thoroughly enjoying the show. Jason popped open the cap on the lube and squeezed out a good quantity. A hiss escaped him as he coated himself, exciting from both watching Percy and Nico and the spanking. He placed a kiss on the Italian's cheek, "I don't plan on being gentle." That was the only warning Jason gave before he eased his way into Nico, the younger boy sighing at the feeling of being full again. The blond and Percy were about the same size but Nico could tell the difference between the two. Contrary to Percy, Jason immediately began moving. His hips pumped back and forth, fucking Nico into the bed. Soft, high pitched whines and small squeaks left the smaller boy. The son of Jupiter was wreaking havoc on his overly sensitive body, and the son of death loved it. Each thrust from Jason pressed and pulled his member against the bed sheets, the friction and soft caresses of the fabric felt ethereal. Percy was jerking himself off, because fucking hell the only thing better than this was actually being inside one of his lovers. The sigh of Jason absolutely rocking Nico's world would remain his favorite for eternity. "Fuck, Nic, you feel so good," he shifted his angle, so he hit Nico's prostate. The Italian bit his lip, trying desperately to stifle his noises. Percy growled, "Don't you dare hold in those pretty noises." Immediately Nico stopped, fuck Percy was hot when he gave orders. He was reminded to hold back his release with ever pump from Jason, his hips hitting the sore flesh of his ass. Nico could feel himself approaching the edge, "Jay, hurry. Please! I d-don't think I can hold out much longer!" "I'll take as long as I please," Jason said nipping at Nico's shoulder. The son of Hades whimpered, he had to listen- there was no way he'd survive a month without getting off. He nodded his head, trying desperately to hold back his release. "Good boy," Jason said, biting his shoulder. The blond began to thrust furiously in and out of Nico. Percy groaned, speeding up his hand in response. Oh gods, how was this actually happening? Was this his reward for all the shit he'd been through to save the world and the Gods? Because if it was this was the best fucking reward EVER. Nico was certain he'd come any moment now, because this was the most turned on he'd ever been in his life. His first crush jerking off to him on his right, and the hottest roman in existence buried deep inside him. No way could it get better. Percy made a choked sound, cumming all over his hand. Grinning he held it in front of Nico, "Clean it." The Italian immediately sucked the older boy's fingers into his mouth. The taste itself wasn't very pleasant, but the thought that it was Percy made him moan. "You can cum," Jason panted, his movement becoming less rhythmic and more desperate. Okay, fuck had Nico been wrong- it got so much fucking better. Jason pulled out and the olive skinned boy screamed as he thrust back in directly hitting his button. The son of Hades released all over himself and the blond above him. Jason continued to fuck him, Nico sobbing in pleasure as he used his extremely sensitive body to find his own release. The Roman came with a deep groaned. He stayed in the other for a moment before pulling out. Nico lay on the bed, too exhausted to move. Jason above him tried to catch his breath, Percy grinned at the two. He shoved Jason so he fell to the left, until the smaller boy's wrists. He gently massaged them and his shoulders before cuddling up to Nico on the right. "Go to sleep Nic, we'll talk more in the morning." He wanted to protest but his eyes were already falling closed. Percy yawned as he tucked Nico's head below his chin; Jason situated himself on the Italian's chest. And it was in that position that all three demigods fell asleep.