except for Annabeth. I approached Malcom and asked where she was No idea dude he answered coldly, you gonna stab her like you tried to do to Darren? Gods no, why would I do that Malcom, I am going to propose. He started at me like he was just seeing me for the first time. I heard an audible pop and he shook himself, like he was coming out of a trance. Whoa dude you ok, I asked nervously. What happened, last thing I remember was getting mad at you then poof, no memory. Weird I thought, no clue on Annabeth then? I asked, still a little worried about him. I think she said something about going down to the beach, good luck with the proposal. Thanks I told him and headed down to the beach. I looked around and didn't see anyone at first, but when I checked the secret alcove only Annabeth and I knew about, I saw something that made my heart stop. I saw Annabeth learn forward and start making out with Darren. What's worse was what I heard them saying. I'm not going to write it down for the sake of those who may have just eaten, but the jist of it all was Darren bringing Annabeth back to his cabin and showing her something new. I stared at them until Annabeth noticed me. Percy. She said as if not believing her eyes. What, what are you doing here. She seemed to be in complete inner turmoil until Darren touched her hand. Then she started right at him at said the words that haunt me until this day. Perseus Jackson, you are an arrogant brat. You are immature and have no respect for others, including the gods. Why are you surprised I am cheating on you when you cheated on me for a whole month. I wasn't cheating on you I told her through grit teeth. You know my fatal flaw is loyalty, I could not cheat on you if I wanted to. I even fell into freaking Tartarus for you. TARTARUS! I was doing quests for your mother for that month so I could get this. With that I pulled out the ring box and threw it at her feet. The beautiful ring popped out. It was silver laced with imperial gold. It had an owl made completely made out of a sea green diamond and it was engraved with the words Seaweed Brain and Wise girl, together forever. To say she was shocked was an understatement. She looked sad and remorseful until Darren started kissing her again. When they broke apart, she seemed different. Her eyes were flecked with light blue and she laughed at me. Why would I want to marry you she shrieked at me. You are nothing. Darren is the only person I would even consider marrying. He has saved Olympus twice and me personally many more. You are worthless guttersnipe. That was the final blow. I summoned a tidal wave bigger than the Empire state building, bigger than Olympus itself and hurled it straight forward. It would have flooded all of New York, but instead it just turned the camp into a huge fishbowl due to the barrier. The water quickly drained, but not most of the camp got destroyed and washed away. The only buildings left standing were the Poseidon cabin and half of the Big House. I started to run, but got flashed into Olympus as well as Darren, Annabeth, and all the campers. Percy Jackson, Zeus rumbled, you and your family are sentenced for the destruction of Camp Half Blood. Are there any Gods here who would protest this? Not counting you of course Poseidon, you are his father and would of course like to protect him. I looked at them hopefully, but only Hestia and Apollo raised their hands. Very well. Zeus growled. Since my sister and son have vouched for you will not be sent to Tartarus again, you will instead be just killed. First your family, he pointed his lightning bolt out the window and it sent out a rather small bolt. A crash could be heard from way down below and Hades announced that Sally and Paul Blofis were killed, along with everyone in a 2 mile radius of them. Collateral damage Zeus shrugged. Now for you young Perseus, and he pointed his bolt at me, any last words? I thank you Lady Hestia and Lord Apollo, for not forcing me back into the pit. I accept my fate. ~~~~End Flashback~~~~ Where was I, oh yeah the pain. It was getting worse, more than I could handle. I saw a golden fire race up around me and I fell into nothingness. Zeus POV When Perseus vanished, I looked to Hades He is dead. Hades responded. With that Poseidon broke down. He sobbed and sobbed. I glanced out at the crowd expecting to see sad faces, but everyone But Chiron had on identical smiles. Almost like they were puppets…. I looked at my new son and realization came crashing down on me. What had I just done? Darren POV My master's plan worked! Percy Jackson was gone. It was so easy, all I had to do was use despair. Now no one could stop the rise of my master. Nico POV I felt Sally and Paul die. Soon after came Percy. No. Not Percy. Percy did not die, but a very powerful being made it seem like he did. I shadow traveled onto Olympus and met the strangest sight I have ever seen. The entire camp was here wearing identical smiles. Poseidon was crying his eyes out and Zeus looked like he just crapped himself. Which to say, uncomfortable. What in my father's name just happened! I called out to all of them. Zeus looked at me sadly. We just killed the hero of Olympus. A/N: I have no idea who Percy is going to end up with. Leave your recommendations in reviews.