back into Darren with his paw and Darren was knocked out. Irony is a bitch bro, he earned being knocked out. I was sitting dazed on the ground and Thorn flicked a few more daggers at me and Darren, I was too dazed to move, but luckily, a short black haired girl with a shield jumped in front and blocked the spikes from hitting me. The blonde girl appeared out of nowhere and started tending to Darren after she pushed my away from him. Grover caught me and set me down. "Wait here Percy, some friends of mine are going to try and free the DiAngelos." He told me slowly, like he was talking to a 3 year old. As he was talking, I saw a silver flash in the trees. "There is silver in the trees." I told Grover stupidly, I think Thorn hit me harder than I had first thought. "Eat this, I will be right back." Grover told me, handing me a small cube of what looked like caramel. I tried eating it because I really had nothing to lose at this point. Monsters keeping me from everyone I care about. Thorn-who I now realized was a manticore-was keeping me from Nico and Bianca and Gabe was keeping me from my mother by shipping me to Maine. When I tried what Grover gave me, it was the best tasting thing I had ever eaten. It tasted like a mixture of my mom's cookies and the brownies Bianca and I had made for Nico one time in Home ec. I instantly felt better and picked up a sword that Darren had dropped. I didn't really care why he had it at this point, I was just pissed at the manticore for taking my friends. Before I could work up the courage to attack the manticore, a rain of silver arrows came down on the manticore. One missed and nicked Nico in the cheek and he started to bleed. "Be careful!" I shouted at whoever had shot the arrows and a group of girls, all wearing silver parkas, came out of the forest. A black haired one with a silver circle on her head was in the lead. "Permission to kill Milady?" she asked in a cold tone "Permission granted." a auburn haired 12 year old told her she took off at the manticore. She leaped in the air and tried to shoot it with a bow and arrows, but the manticore knocked her arrows away with his tail and she switched to hunting knives and attacked at close range. I used the distracted manticore to get to Nico and Bianca. I grabbed both of their hands and pulled them away from the cliff. I was leading them back to the others when I felt a spike slam into the back of my right leg. I went down hard. "Go, run guys." I told Bianca and Nico, but they didn't listen. They tried to help me up and get the spike out. "Just go guys, save yourself and leave me, GO" I yelled at them, but again they ignored me. "AAAGGGHHH" I heard the girl behind me scream and fall as she also got hit with a spike. I felt my leg go numb, like some kind of poison was on it. I heard two people laughing, Darren, who was pointing at me and laughing that I was hurt, I really hate that guy. The manticore was the other one laughing. He was laughing over the fallen girl. "You will release my hunter monster." the auburn haired girl told Thorn as he morphed back into a human shape. "Y-you aren't supposed to be able to interfere." he said, sounding scared, but my gut told me he was faking. "You are a monster. Hunters hunt monsters. I am a hunter. Therefore, killing you is not only within my permission, but my job." The auburn haired girl told him "Well if that is the case, I must be leaving now. Your huntress will make a most excellent prize for my master." he told her with a grin. The sound of helicopters could begin to be heard and machine guns being shot. "Mortals cannot view my hunt." the auburn haired girl said in a monotone and she waved her hand. The entire helicopter turned into a sparrow and it flew away. The people had just vanished. "While she was doing that, she hadn't noticed Thorn taking the knocked out girl. I threw the sword I took from Darren forward and managed to cut off the arm of his that was carrying the girl. He howled in pain and shot more spikes at me. One caught me just above my eye, but I had leaned back so it only left a deep cut. I could feel myself blacking out as Thorn made to grab me, but something happened at the last moment. Bianca tackled him off the cliff and they fell off. "BIANCA!" I shouted as loud as I could, shaking everyone out of whatever trance they were in. The last thing I saw was her green beret laying on the snow. I scooped it up and held it tight. Bianca was gone. She had sacrificed herself to save me. Gabe was right, I really was weak. Then everything black. Boom, first chapter in my new story done. Percy's godly parent will be revealed in time. I actually know the pairing this time around right out of the gate. Percy+Bianca story. Hope you like the first chapter. Leave reviews if you liked it or not because if not many people want me to keep going, I will just kill the story. I have almost finished my next chapter in Hunters of Fate, I am not abandoning it, just going to be writing two stories at once. Happy fourth of July for everyone from the USA. All the fireworks in my area were pathetic so I hope you got better. Happy Reading- Centurion Africanus.