transparent, like glass. Mars was mirroring Frank, covered in ichor instead of blood. " My, my, how the mighty have fallen. You see, taking out the War God and a Praetor of Rome, both beacons of hope for this pathetic Camp. Jupiter never was one for brains," Her eye flashed black. " Neither was Mars." " Frank," Mars gasped, struggling to speak. He turned towards the woman. " Stop this demon, take me! Leave my son out of this!" Mars roared, yelling at her. When she gave no reaction, Mars turned to Frank, speaking with obvious determination. " Frank, remember this- Monster dust. Remember monster du-" He was cut of by the woman, who slammed a spear into the ground of Mars Ultor. The Roman sign for war. She shimmered and shed her invisibility, making Frank gasp and stare at her. Led by his expression, Hazel turned and saw her. " What the-" Reyna whirled around at the sacred temple, gasping as a spear slammed into the ground, flung by the woman who was hurting Frank. She screamed with joy, lifting up a hand, summoning vines that grabbed Frank and flung him away from Will and the others. " Who are you!" Reyna demanded. " Oh, poor, poor, Praetors, or should I say, Praetor. Soon there won't be a Son of Mars to lead this Camp." Hazel screamed, pummeling the woman with rocks, eyes widening as the vines surrounding the woman shot up and grabbed every single jewel that hurtled towards her, flinging them back. Hazel grabbed her sword and deflected most of them, Reyna backing her up. Two more figures joined the fight, one of them barely standing. The other joined Will as he rushed towards Frank. It was Piper, charmspeaking his pain away. Frank felt the pain lessening in his mind. He could feel Will bandaging him. Will noticed and snapped his fingers in front of his eyes. " Frank, hey! If you can hear me raise your hand." Frank was too tired to hold up even a finger but he managed, channeling his strength. He could feel Mars fighting, giving him strength which he returned back to his father, both gaining energy and power until Frank was able to sit up, still covered in blood. Without knowing, he started shape-shifting into different animals. The vines holding him broke and he sprung up, his shapeshifting out of control. A panda, then a tiger, then a dragon, all while his vision tinted red. He could hear Will yelling at someone, most likely him as he charged towards the woman. He could hear her yell, " Do you know who I am? How dare you!" Frank the dragon spread his smoky gray wings, breathing fire at her as he roared his response. Nobody else knew what he was saying, only that it grabbed the attention of the red dressed lady. " Gaia, you are Gaia." " Hmph. Very good. Guess you aren't as stupid as I thought, Son of Mars. Don't take after your father I see. Sadly enough you've wasted my energy today, and I think you've wasted your own too. Rest for now, Praetor. But I will be back, so until then, Fai Zhang. Just know that you and your petty little demigod friends cannot and will not hide. Camp Jupiter will be mine, and I have my own special plans for the camp that killed me. Well no," She laughed. " Not killed, delayed." She said the last word with all the loathe in the world. Frank glared at her, turning back to human, his strength failing him. " Don't think you've won this battle demigod. I will return, and I swear, you will be the one I kill first. Even before Jason Grace. Piper McLean. Leo Valdez. Annabeth Chase. Percy Jackson. Oh, and of course, Hazel Levesque, your sweet little girlfriend. I will murder you right in front of her. So beware Praetor. For you have made a dangerous enemy. 'Till we meet again. Very soon." She spit the words out like sharp daggers, meant to kill him. Finally, she exploded in a flurry of leaves, literally evaporating in the breeze. Frank could feel his friends behind him, all extremely scared of what they had just heard. Frank barely heard someone speak up, before his vision dimmed and he tilted sideways. The vines curled around his arms tightened before disappearing, leaving him bloody and very confused at what the heck just happened. He could hear people yelling, and scrambling towards him as he slumped on his knees, then falling sideways, on his back. As Frank hit the ground he looked towards Mars Ultor, and there stood his father, looking better but not completely healed. His bandages, which Frank didn't notice were gone, were replaced with new ones, and the golden ichor had stopped flowing from his wounds, They looked at each other and Mars stood up, nodding grimly, smirking at his son. " Good job Soldier. At ease. Go rest." He added after a pause. " Do not forget anything I said. I'm proud of you son." Frank nodded and returned the smile, finally feeling at peace. He was filled with happiness that his father was proud of him, and with those words, finally drifted off to sleep, letting the pain take control of his mind, numbing his body as his mind went blank. Whew! Ohmigosh! That is Chapter One done! That took a looooooonnggg time to write! I really hope you enjoyed the first chapter of Dust , and I hope you leave some reviews so that I can get, some, well, reviews and feedback I guess. I really do appreciate you spending time on this! Signin out for now! ~ Cerise P.S. I might not update in a while since I got stuff going on and summer break is almost done! I hope I can get a couple of chapters out before school starts but please don't expect them to be too long :D