that crazy. Percy said, "We'll- we'll try harder, ma'am." Thunder shook the building, adding to the creepiness that was happening in the room. "We are not fools Percy and Attie Jackson," Mrs. Dodds said. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." "What are you talking about?" I asked, my voice shaking. I did not like the vibe I was getting from this lady. The worst my brother and I have done so far has been selling an illegal stash of candy from the dorm room. I mean, I did cheat on that one history test, but I was super sneaky and I'm sure that Mrs. Dodds wouldn't bring it up now of all times. "Well?" She demanded. "Ma'am, we don't-" "Your time is up," she hissed. And I mean, she actually hissed. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow an eerie shade of red. Her fingers stretched, growing into talons. Her leather jacket melted on her body, turning into huge, leathery wings. She definitely wasn't human. She… she was a hag with bat wings, wickedly sharp claws, and yellow fangs she was about to use to slice my brother and I to shreds. Then things got even weirder. Mr. Brunner, who had been sitting outside a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and then he tossed the pen through the air towards us. Mrs. Dodds lunged. Percy dove off to the right with a yelp as I fell straight onto my butt, screaming and covering my head with my arms. Something whooshed overhead and what felt like a thousand fans sent air towards my person. I uncovered my face quickly and screamed some more when Mrs. Dodds wrapped her talons on the back of my shirt and began pulling me backwards. I thrashed violently, wrapping my hand around hers and clawing at them with a desperateness I'd never felt before. She screeched a horrible, ear piecing noise, and released me, zooming up and hovering a couple of feet above the ground. I stared at her shell shocked. "Hey ugly!" Percy shouted, his voice cracking. His hands were shaking so bad it looked like he was going to drop the sword he suddenly had in his hands. A bronze sword that I've seen before…. Mrs. Dodds snarled, "Die, honey!" and she flew straight at my brother. " No! " I yelled, scrambling onto my feet. My knees felt like jelly. Time seemed to slow down as the hag got closer and closer to Percy. And all I could do was stand by helplessly and watch. Percy swung his sword. The metal blade passed straight through her shoulder as if she was made out of water. Hisss ! Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a powder fan. She exploded in a gold dust, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the strong scent of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil, as if those glowing red eyes were still watching us. My brother and I stood there for a long moment. We blinked, and there was a ball point pen in his hands where the sword had been seconds before. I unfroze first. "Oh my god!" I gasped, rushing towards my brother and wrapping him in a hug. His arms wrapped around me quickly, and he squeezed. "Oh my god." "You saw that too?" he croaked. "I didn't eat any magic mushrooms, did I?" "I saw it. I thought she was going to kill us," my eyes watered. Is this what being in a life or death situation felt like? My nerves couldn't handle it. Percy pulled away and stared at the pen like it would bite him. Then he looked at me, "We better get back." I nodded and ran a shaky hand through my hair, oddly feeling like some of the powder had gotten all over me. I shuttered. Gross . When we got outside, it was raining. Grover was still sitting by the fountain with a museum map covering his head. Nancy stood by the fountain, talking to her friends. We walked up to her. "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butts," she sneered. I blinked, " Who ?" "Our teacher. Duh," she said as if I were the crazy one. "What are you talking about?" Percy demanded. We don't have any teacher named Mrs. Kerr. Nancy rolled her eyes and turned away from us as if we were moldy sandwiches. I asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But Grover is an awful liar. He paused first, and he wouldn't look at either of us in the eye, so I just thought he was messing with us. "This isn't funny," I snapped. "This is serious," Percy growled. Thunder boomed overhead. As I gave Grover a stare down, Percy walked towards Mr. Brunner. "Seriously, man." "I honestly have no idea what you're talking about," Grover frowned and finally looked at me in the eye. "You don't look so good. Are you okay?" " No ," I said angrily. I didn't want to sound so mean, but I was confused and I just wanted to know what was happening. "Mrs. Dodds, who does- or did- exist just tried to kill us-!" Percy walked back over to us and I stopped in the middle of my sentence when I noticed his face. He looked like a lost puppy. "What?" I asked. "What did Mr. Brunner say?" "He said," Percy paused, looking me in the eye with an emotion I couldn't place my finger on, "he said that there is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. And as far as he's known, there's never been a Mrs. Dodds in Yancy Academy." Whoo! Chapter one is done ! I can't wait till they get to camp. Leave a review and tell me what you thought! Any ideas? Please share!