found out that his two best friends were witch and part fae, and that he had several ghosts hanging over him—one of whom had appeared around the corner and was coming towards them, actually—and that was what Will was worried about? "I won't," he said. "I'm sorry I ran away. I know that must have been really confusing." He didn't add that he actually wasn't running away from Will this time. Percy Jackson was a conversation he was not ready to have with Will. "Okay." Will smiled tentatively, and God, Nico hadn't realized how much he'd missed that. "Is—uh—is there a ghost around me right now?" The Levitator froze mid-stride, looking like a child caught with his hand in the cookie jar. "Yeah." Nico leaned around Will. "Hey, what's your name?" The Levitator looked over his shoulder, as though Nico could be talking to anyone other than him. "Lee Fletcher," he finally admitted. Nico relayed that to Will, who blinked in surprise. "Lee?" He turned, looked over his shoulder, but of course he couldn't see the Levi—Lee Fletcher. Lee Fletcher made a tiny eep sound and sprinted away. "Uh, he left," Nico said. "I think you startled him." He waited a little more. "Um—" Will finally stopped staring at nothing. He gave Nico a watery smile. "Lee was my cousin. I lived with him for a little when my mom died." There was a pause. "Do you—are any of the ghosts—you know—my mom?" Nico shook his head. "It's mostly three guys." Will's face didn't seem to know what expression to have, and Nico wanted to say that he gets it, he knows how it feels to know that your loved ones decided not to stay with you, knows the hurt, the guilt for ever wanting them not to move on to a better place. But that wasn't something that could really be said, so Nico waited as Will closed his eyes and exhaled carefully. Finally, Will gave Nico another smile, significantly less teary this time. "Let's go back," he said. "Cecil can't hold that thing up by himself." Nico nodded. "Yeah. And Leo's probably set his shirt on fire by now." "Who's— what? " "Are any of the ghosts here right now?" Will asked. Lately, Will had begun every conversation this way. Nico supposed that it must have been weird to find out that there were people watching you when you thought you were alone. The first time he had asked, Drunk Child (Will said his name was Castor, when Nico described his appearance) snorted milk out of his nose, all over Bad Whistler ("Michael Yew," Will had replied immediately, when Nico mentioned the whistling. "God, how did such a tone-deaf person become a marching band section leader?"). "No," Nico replied, which was honestly a first. The ghosts have stopped appearing as often, but usually at least one or two were still there. "Oh, finally," Will said, sighing in relief. Nico raised his eyebrows. Finally? "Um, that doesn't mean that they've passed on; they're probably just visiting other people right now." "Oh, that's not what I meant," Will quickly corrected. "I just—um—wanted to ask this when we're alone. So that you wouldn't have any pressure to, uh—" Will seemed to lose his ability to speak. Nico sighed, because look, Will wasn't exactly hard to read. "Do you want to ask me out?" Will nodded. "Okay." Nico smiled. "My answer is yes." Will nodded again, looking relieved but still nervous. Nico frowned. "Is there… something else you want to ask?" After another moment of tongue-tiedness, Will took a deep breath and looked Nico in the eyes and blurted, in that adorably frantic way of his, "Can I kiss you?" Nico grinned. "Oh my God, finally. Yes. " Just as Nico leaned up to kiss Will, Michael and Castor popped up through the table, blowing their noisemakers in unison, and Nico accidentally rammed his head into Will's nose. (They did kiss, after Nico had finished dying of embarrassment and Will had finished laughing and Lee had finished his lecture on taking it slow. And it was great, and Nico decided that he needed to take up exorcism again to make sure that he and Will can kiss without Michael and Castor calling out "Leave room for Jesus!" and "Be safe, kids!") (He's kidding, mostly.) I don't know if anyone other than me would be interested in this AU, but 1. Yes, Jason and Reyna are werewolves. That just kind of happened. 2. Trans Drew Tanaka is something near and dear to my heart. As is pansexual Taiwanese Lou Ellen. In case it's not clear, queer Asians are super important to me. 3. Leo is a dragon. I'm still working on the logistics of that, but let's face it, he would totally rip off his shirt and set it on fire to make a statement. Frank is a shapeshifter; I'm not real clear on this yet, but it probably has something to do with the Monkey King, because how would I ever write something without making references to Chinese mythology. 4. It is totally not legal for part fae to exist. 5. Castor was one of the kids whom Will got to know at the hospital. 6. I wanted to put Drew and Calypso in somewhere, preferably holding hands and acting really married, but I couldn't really fit it in without making it feel forced. But if you wish, please imagine Drew and Calypso (who are both nature spirits of some kind) (long story) holding hands and acting really married . 7. Yes, Katie Gardner's little sister refers to Miranda Gardiner. 8. The other bartender at Lou Ellen's mom's bar is Ethan Nakamura. I refuse to have an AU where he is dead. It's just not a thing. I will protect all my Asian babies to the death. Again: happy birthday, Taylor! I hope you have a wonderful day and that this terribly-written pulled-out-of-my-ass-at-one-in-the-morning fic didn't ruin it. Thank you and good night!