their natural habitat," Indie shrugged, a bit flushed, "But then thought better about it. We want you to see him in our habitat." He couldn't believe it. They were going to show his friend/boyfriend? Something weird about him. He was sure. "So we decided to show you the first show he watched with us. Behold, Sherlock," Andromeda smiled. Nico could die. Right then and there. But Justin smiled, and his hand touched Nico's. His heart skipped a beat, and he grinned at them. In the end, the son of Hermes enjoyed the plot, and they all had a raging discussion about if John and Sherlock were secretly dating. While Andromeda and Justin said yes, both Nico and Indie were against it. After fifteen minutes of screaming, "They're perfect for each other!" and "Mary Morstan, gods!" they finally settled enough to have dinner. It was going perfectly. If they managed to stay in one piece through the evening, Nico would probably introduce her to Hazel next. His sister would be much easier than these crazies. When the legacies said goodbye, and he and Justin stood outside the door, the son of Hermes did something unexpected. He leaned down and kissed Nico. The teen was a bit shorter than him, so he raised his chin to meet his lips, and they automatically worked it out from there. It was sweet, and it was glorious. They parted, gasping from air, and Justin whispered, "I could get used to this," Nico grinned. … When they engaged, a year later, it didn't really surprise anyone. "We knew it." The legacies told a smiling Hazel, and the three of them laughed. … At the wedding, Andromeda and Indie cried, and a close to tears Hazel sniffed, "They're so perfect!" Percy, who was grinning at them, said, "I like you. Nico picks his friend very well these days," "Juuuuustin and Niiiiico! Jico! No, Nustin. Okay, that just sounded weird. I like Jico better," Andromeda sniffed, and the son of Hades, (who had excellent hearing) stared, pleading at them to shut up, but then Thalia (who had somehow become a priest, they didn't want to know) said, "You may kiss the hottie," Very hilarious. Much serious. But Justin's lips were on Nico's and that was all it took for the legacies to cheer. They spotted Annabeth Chase laughing and clapping her hands away, while Hazel just looked the happiest in a long time. When they kissed for two minutes straight, only pausing for breath, it got awkward, but they finally let go of each other, and everyone (Percy) started muttering about free food. "Justin and you are too perfect!" Andromeda cried as they reached the couple. Indie rolled her eyes and whispered, "She's writing FanFiction; it's getting serious," The couple looked alarmed. … When they actually had a house together, not a flat, Nico once asked them, "How are you not in a romantic relationship, live together, and still stand each other?" He wasn't a subtle kind of person. They burst out laughing, and Andromeda said between breaths, "We –We're just really cool people who manage to live," "Nah," Indie pretended to ponder, "I think it's really that I'm hot enough for her to forgive me," Of course, Andromeda got the last slice of pizza that night. Nico, marveling at how strange his friends were, left the subject untouched. … On the day that Hazel and Frank got married, the four of them (legacies and adorable couple), got into a debate about Nico and Justin. "Do you think they'll have kids?" they were sitting lazily, drinks on the table, and the boys were nowhere to be found. Andromeda just had to ask the great question. Hazel blushed, as old-fashioned as she was, "I-I don't know. Maybe?" Frank laughed and kissed her forehead, "Nico doesn't seem like the kid's type, but I hear Justin's desperate, and we all know that Nico will do anything that he asks him." Indie laughed, and her gaze moved to Andromeda's face. For a while, she'd seemed interested in the bartender girl. Could it be she fancied her? From the way her eyes seemed to follow the bar, she thought so. She grinned. "Yeah, yeah," the legacy of Aphrodite said, shaking her head, "I always say it is my love powers that got them together," "Oh, I didn't know watching a Sherlock marathon counted as love powers," said Indie thoughtfully, and Frank snorted while Hazel looked a bit confused. And then the couple appeared. Obviously after a long session of making out. Their cheeks were red, their lips swollen, and they were breathing heavily. Hazel looked slightly horrified, and Indie felt a bit uncomfortable, while Frank and Andromeda exchanged glances. "Hello, crew," Nico said as he slid into his seat, "How's the happy couple?" he kissed his sister's forehead. Justin smiled at Indie, and she said, "I finally got those books you told me about. I can give them to you soon," "Thank you. The Athena Cabin will cheer," he winked, and they both laughed. Yeah, right. Thirty-one year old Annabeth didn't cheer, just grunt and complain about her hours in the middle of the night taking care of her baby. But tonight you could see her smiling as if her world was anew, Percy watching her with bright eyes. For some reason, Nico started talking about them, "How did I get so amazing friends and family?" he shook his head in disbelief. Indie felt flattered, and she blushed, timid. She always sucked at receiving compliments. Thankfully, Andromeda saved her, "Well, I'm not straight…and we're legacies…but I think we do pretty good," Nico's dark obsidian eyes flashed, happiness swirling in irises that were as mysterious as the night. Thanks for reading! It means a lot. Did you think it was out of character? Too boring? If you have any comments, just review. Also, I don't own Sherlock, Supernatural, Castle, or any of the shows, ships or actors that I mentioned. Thank you again, -ChocolateIsMyDoom