nature taking over as a deafening crack erupted in the distance and a dense sheet of sleet, rain and hail descended from above. His voice echoed the same words he had spoken twice before now, the sudden appearance of a heavy storm surprising the shadows keeping him captive so much that the grip loosened from black fabric and the eternal sixteen-year-old gained enough freedom of movement to push himself away from wall without difficulty. He was walking right passed them, their eyes glassy from the descending mist as he snapped his fingers and prepared to walk away. 'You saw nothing, go on your way and never steal again.' The sound of a tenor was laced with indiscernible power and command, not a single drop of water soaking his clothes as Percy ducked out of the alley and gazed up at the storm he had unleashed with detached interest. 'Don't lose control of your temper when you are in the mortal realm, Percy. Your power exceeds that which humans can understand and gods are forbidden from interfering with fate and destiny. Never use it recklessly.' A warning that had been spoken several years ago, was echoing through the depths of his mind now as the black haired teen was reminded that he was no longer half-human himself. His powers truly were dangerous when released and he had violated the promise he had made with his Dad to control himself when in the mortal realm. A deep frown of anger was furrowing dark brows, a hiss colouring the air misty white as Percy scowled at the falling storm in growing rage. To think that he had—. 'Causing trouble again, Perseus?' A disappointed baritone rumbled through the air, shattering the night like a crack of thunder as sea-green eyes widened in surprise and the sixteen-year-old whirled around to find the direction of the hauntingly familiar voice that had spoken. Identical green eyes were colliding with his several seconds later, the light of a flickering street lamp bursting into a shower of glass above as the God Of The Sea observed his son's fiery gaze flicker anew with trepidation and slumped shoulders that tensed defensively. Before Percy could open his mouth to say something, his father waved his hand for silence and simultaneously dissolved the ragging storm that seemed to have increased with intensity over the past few seconds. A tall frame was pushing himself away from the wall he had been leaning against, casual black shoes closing the few meter distance that separated them as Percy drew back slightly when a strong hand gripped his shoulder and Poseidon's form towered over him with an eight-inch height advantage. Even when he reflected a mortal form, the Stormbringer's presence was enough to cause the younger being's breath to catch in his throat as he trembled uncertainly where stood despite the hidden flare of defiance that prompted him to meet his father's intense gaze head on. There was no mistake that they were father and son, Percy was almost the exact replica of his Dad as slightly shorter and spiky black hair was ruffled by the wind and a neatly trimmed black beard coloured a little darker with the shadows of the night. There was a warmth spreading through his veins however, the gentleness that he had always been shown when in the older being's presence soothing his restless emotions before he was tugged against a strong chest and he was bathed in the scent of a warm ocean breeze and the sensation of cool water. He was confused by the show of affection, expecting to be scolded for leaving Olympus without a word and losing control of his powers. But instead he was drawn into an encompassing embrace that calmed the beat of his heart as a kiss was whispered against the top of his head and he was reminded, once again, of the gentle affection that he was always shown in his father's presence when he seemed to need it the most and the ability that Poseidon had to chase away his restlessness with his scent and touch alone. It felt like it had been ages since he had felt this, been allowed to stand in the Stormbringer's presence like a son and not a lieutenant. An annoying sting was searing the backs of his eyes in response, a shaky breath tumbling despairing from his lips as Percy cursed himself for the abrupt weakness that chased through his blood. 'S-Sorry—.' 'Tsk, disappearing from Olympus so suddenly. You do realize that it's two in the morning, Percy, and your mother is fast asleep?' When a bewildered frown tugged petal pink lips downwards, Poseidon chuckled softly as he brushed a pale cheek with the pad of his thumb. 'Hmm, guess you didn't really think about that. Come, let's return for now. We'll come visit your mother tomorrow.' Percy didn't argue, he had been walking around aimlessly for the last twenty minutes in any case…looking from an escape from his emotions that he couldn't find. He only hoped that he could find a way to settle them, there was so much that he wanted to say to his Dad and ask…but he didn't. He merely fell in step beside his father as the God Of The Sea guided him deeper into the night that was bathed with the lights of the gods. 1* - Περσεύς: Απόγονος της Θάλασσας – Perseus: Descendent Of The Sea (the closest online translation I could come up with, it's means as an introductory title) Thank you so much for reading my honeys, I really appreciate it. It means a lot and if I could please ask for a small review, I'd be eternally grateful to you. Part 2 will be updating when I can, if I can keep the inspiration flowing it will take about a week and bit, maybe less. For now, any questions, please don't be afraid to ask…I'll answer them as best as I can. Yours Always Chocolate Carnival