of lemon, elderflower, the ocean depths and an attractive miasma of strong spearmint. With a swift flick of a two and half-metre trident, Neptune summoned the Twelfth Legion's Eagle Standard and Riptide's glowing blade towards him as he climbed into his awaiting chariot without a single faltering step despite his considerable burden. 'As ruler of this realm, I shall not permit one of my own to drown here. You are my child, I vow to protect you as such and in return…Perseus Jackson…I accept the sacrifice of the last mortal breath you have granted me. It is not your fate to die here. You are destined to stay beside me for an eternity when your duty to the mortal world completes a few months from now in Greece.' 'W-wait…w-wha—?!' Trailing off with surprise when warm lips whispered against his forehead with gentle affection, Percy could have sworn that a startling amount of possessive pride was colouring sea-green depths as several words in Latin he could not translate quickly enough, breathed a secondary blessing over his soul. A heady warmth instantly shot through his veins, curling powerfully in the pit of his stomach as he dug his teeth into his bottom lip to keep himself from crying out when a scorching fire burned across pale skin and sent his slow heart racing into an desperately erratic rhythm. The pain he had forgotten from before, was creeping back into the edges of his awareness as the Stormbringer grasped the reins with his left hand and promptly hastened the powerful Hippocampi into the ocean's depths. 'Hush, Perseus, and conserve your strength. You need to heal and I only have four hours until Arion arrives at Camp Jupiter where you are needed. One of my messengers have informed your fellow cohorts to travel back to San Francisco where you'll meet them for the deciding battle. There is precious little time to waste, child, so fall away into the darkness. I need to assume my true form to return to the palace before I can even begin to mend the damage to your soul and engrave my mark on you to complete our sealing contract…' A sense of deep trepidation was chasing darkly down the black haired teen's spine, making him wonder what exactly was expected of him in those moments as his vision began to fade around the edges when he was once again enveloped in the deadly whispers of the opening abyss. In the end, there was no time to cry out, his startled scream was stifled with the sensation of blood and saltwater flooding his mouth as he heaved a sickening cough the instant that the back of his throat burned painfully with an accidental gasp of seawater. The last thing he was aware of as his tethers to reality was severed, was the strong arms that kept him firmly pressed against a warm chest and the weightless sensation of the Hippocampi thundering into the distance with such speeds that he doubted Hazel's immortal horse could keep up. And that was only until his entire form was abruptly bathed in a searing heat and his eyes remained firmly glued shut as the Earthshaker assumed his true form to cross the large distance from Alaska to Atlantis in the blink of an eye. Neptune had hastened his path across vast nautical miles towards the palace that he doubted his son knew was situated several kilometres away from the bay of San Francisco. Granted, the Roman palace was uninhabited most of the time…it was still the closest place that he could find to spare himself and his son some time before the young Demigod would once again be thrust into danger by the cruel hands of fate. 'Your Majesty! We have not expected you, should we relieve you of your burden? The palace Throne Room is—.' 'Silence!' A harsh baritone suddenly called, a deadly anger swirling through sea-green depths as the Lord Of The Sea made his way towards the large archways that were decorated with columns of abalone shell and deep-sea pearls. Heavy booted feet were gliding across the underwater palace floors without a sound, a heavy trench-coat swaying hypnotically in the tide as it flared out menacingly behind him and cut an impressive figure that was surrounded only by the utmost command and respect. 'I do not have time for formalities, unfortunately. Escaping Jupiter's wrath to save my son and complete the fate inscribed upon his soul before birth, has only given me several hours to complete my claim.' 'Return to you duties until then, my servants of the sea. I am to be granted nothing less than complete privacy and your utmost discretion…' With those words spoken with heavy finality, Neptune headed towards the section of the palace that was carefully constructed to reflect the atmosphere of the earth above as he laid his charge on a bed of warm animal furs, silks and feather pillows as a lash of commanding power abruptly ignited the hearth with a glowing fire that flickered with the same sea-green, blue shade that curled evocatively around the symbol on his crown and the tines of his trident. 'When you wake, Perseus…your world will be changed irrevocably from what you knew…' He breathed affectionately, tracing an icy cold cheek with a curled forefinger before leaving in search of some Ambrosia and Nectar. Thank you for reading, I truly appreciate it. There are no footnotes for this story so far, I don't really think I need it yet. However, I wish to thank everyone who has read Arctic Ice…it truly means a lot to me. I would greatly appreciate a small review for my hard work, it would truly mean the world to me. I love hearing back from my readers. For now though, I'm off to make some tea and enjoy what's left of the New Year for me. May you enjoy yourself as well and please keep safe on the roads. Yours Always Chocolate Carnival