and we went after Mrs. Dodds. Halfway up the steps, I glanced back at Grover, who was talking to Nico. His eyes cut between us and Mr. Brunner, as if he wanted to tell Mr. Brunner but he was too absorbed in his novel. Mrs. Dodds disappeared again. She was standing at the very end of the entrance hall, and I guessed that she would make us buy a new shirt for Nancy since the gift shop was pretty near. We followed her deeper into the place and when we caught up to her, we were standing in the Greek and Roman section again. The gallery was empty. Thalia stood tensely beside me, her electric-blue eyes flashing brighter. Mrs. Dodds stood with her arms crossed, right in front of this marble frieze depicting Greek gods. She was making some weird growling noise in her throat. I nervously stood closer to Thalia. Being alone with a teacher – even with one of my best friends – was weird, especially since it was with Mrs. Dodds – who was glaring at the frieze mruderously. "You've both been giving us problems, dears. Did you thin kthat we would really let you get away with it?" She tugged at her jacket cuffs, giving us an evil look. "She's a teacher," I muttered. "She won't really help us." "Not so sure about that." Thalia raised her voice. "We'll try harder, ma'am." I felt thunder shake the building, and felt my body tremble. "Did you take us for fools, Percy Jackson, Thalia Grace?" Mrs. Dodds growled. "It was only a matter of time before we found out about you. Confess if you want to suffer less pain." "What's she talking about?" Thalia whispered. I shrugged. "I took my Tom Sawyer essay from the Internet. Hope they didn't find out and take away my grade – or make me read it." "Well?" Mrs. Dodds demanded. "Ma'am, we don't…" Thalia began. "Time's up." The weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals, fingers stretching to turn into talons. Uh-oh. Her jacket melted into these big, leathery wings. "She's not human," I said. "What gave you the idea?" Thalia snapped, eyes fixed on the shriveled hag with bath wings, claws, and a mouth filled with fangs. "She's going to slice us to bits." "Percy! Thals!" Nico yelled, running towards us breathlessly. His eyes widened upon seeing Mrs. Dodds, and he dropped his Mythomagic cards which he always meticulously stacked. "What is that?!" Mr. Brunner wheeled right into the gallery, pen in hand. "What ho!" he yelled, tossing his pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at us, so Thalia and I split up. I was a little slow, and felt talons slashing the air right next to my ear. I held out my hand, as if by instinct, and snatched the flying ballpoint pen – which wasn't a pen anymore. It was Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, the one he used every tournament day. "Percy?" yelled Nico. "Look out!" Mr. Dodds spun towards me, the evil look in her eyes becoming murderous. "Die, honey!" She flew straight towards me, since I was nearer. My knees and hands were shaking badly as terror began coursing through my entire body. I did the only obvious thing, which was to swing the sword. The blade was metal, and it hit her shoulder, passing clean through her body. What was she, water? With a loud hiss and a dying screech, she turned into yellow powder as if I vaporized her. I shuddered as the smell of sulfur filled the air with a chill of evil. "What was that?" Thalia asked, eyes wide. I was standing in the middle of a pile of sand, ballpoint pen in hand. Thalia was standing right next to a pale-faced and terrified Nico. Mr. Brunner wasn't there – only the three of us. "Did we eat something with magic mushrooms?" Nico asked tentatively. "I mean… did we imagine all of that? I once heard that some people could go into these weird trances and share visions that they imagined and…" "No." Thalia firmly put a hand on his shoulder. "I think it did happen. We should go back outside." Right outside, it was raining really hard. Grover was still by the fountain with a museum tarp on his head. He was shivering and gave us a scared look. Nancy Bobofit was nearby, wet with her fountain swim and her shirt singed from the random static electricity. She was grumbling to her hideous friends and glared at us. "Hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your sorry butts." "Uh, who?" I asked. "Our teacher, duh!" "We have no teacher named Mrs. Kerr," Nico said tentatively, as if afraid that Nancy went crazy. Thalia crossed her arms. "Just what are you talking about, Bobofit?" Nancy rolled her eyes and turned away, so we asked Grover instead. He paused and wouldn't look at me as he said, "Who?" Why was he messing with us?" "Man, that's not funny," I said as a loud peal of thunder boomed right above us. "This is very serious." Mr. Brunner was still sitting under his red umbrella, as if he never moved at all. I approached him, ignoring Nico and Thalia's warnings. He looked up at me, looking quite distracted. "That would be my pen. Thank you for returning it, Mr. Jackson. Please bring your own next time." I didn't even realize that I was still holding the pen-sword-thing when I handed it right back to him. I hesitated, then asked me about Mrs. Dodds. "Who?" Mr. Brunner frowned blankly at me. When I repeated it, he gave me a mildly concerned look. "As far as I remember, there's no Mrs. Dodds in Yancy Academy nor is there any on this trip. Are you feeling fine?" Well, here's the first chapter, and it's still pretty similar to the original book. FOR NOW! Mwahaha! Liked it? Don't hesitate to leave a review and make my day! :)