animal." I say then talk into the speaker again "Bosslady can I get an E.T.A on the pit stop and Toto's Death will be ridding with you and drunken dreamer will be riding with me ok over." I wait for a reply and get one. "Animal Range this is boss lady and that's fine and our E.T.A of closest gas station is 8.7 miles and twenty minutes over." I nod and tell Octavian. "Don't move around too much or the pee will freeze faster." Octavian says "WHAT THE HELL." I then answer back. "Bosslady this Animal Range I copy that over and out. " I drive and roll the windows down and the smell goes out the windows I then put my speaker back on its hook. Reyna I sigh and shake my head. "Dakota at the next gas station you and Octavian are swapping cars your riding with Vanessa Kershawi and Octavian is riding with me." (This is your editor Flufflepuff3DerpytheDerpinator and this is a time-lapse: eight point seven miles and twenty minutes later) I get to the gas station and drive into the lot and park as Gwendolyn, Chelsea Sinclair and Vanessa Kershawi do the same. Vanessa gets out and goes and get Octavian's extra pants out and throw them to him as snickers gets out and goes to the bathroom on a tree and she unlocks the door to Yukari's trailer and Elizabeth tells her "Yukari melt ice. " Yukari walks out of the trailer and walks to Octavian and melts the ice with a small blue flame and then goes back into the trailer and lies down. She closes the door and locks it as Octavian goes and changes and she takes his old pants and puts them on the antenna of her car as Dakota gets out and walks to Vanessa Kershawi and Octavian walks to me. Snickers I walk back over to my mistress and sit and say "THATS WHAT YOU GET FOR KILLING MY PINK BUNNY BONNIE." Everyone stares at me and my mistress's jaw drops and I say "Yep I can talk and toga boy owes me a new bunny or I will pee and crap on everything he owns." Octavian " I'll get you a new damn bunny. " I say and get in Reyna's SUV's. Vanessa Kershawi I stop Dakota before he gets in my car. "Alright Dakota I have four rules 1. No eating in my car. 2. No drinking in my car unless its just plain water. 3. No changing my radio station and 4. No dirty clothes in my car. Now any questions." I say and look at Dakota. Dakota "KOOL AID IN A FLASK!" I yell showing my flask. "Besides why would I spill perfectly good Kool Aid anyway that is MADNESS!?" Vanessa Kershawi "You can drink sugar water and as to why you would spill it three words. My Road Rage. Oh and while I'm driving I'm confiscating every ounce of kool aid you have on you. You can have it back when we do pit stops. " Dakota " Alright you can have my flask but you better not lose or break my Flaskie!" Vanessa Kershawi I take the flask and it in my glove box then notice Dakota reaching into his boot. " Dakota what are you doing?" Dakota "Gulp err just stretching. Must be a rock in my boot." I look left and right and stand straight and I pull out an extra flask of kool aid and twenty kool aid packets. Vanessa Kershawi looks at me and I sweat buckets and think ' oh crap. ' Vanessa Kershawi I glare at Dakota. "Cougar sniff out the kool aid on him." Cougar gets out and tackles Dakota and forty minutes later she's removed every single thing of kool aid and sugar on Dakota. I smile "good girl." I give her a treat then put all the kool aid and sugar into my glove box then lock the glove compartment and close the door when Cougar gets in. Reyna I drive and head to our spot for lunch as over the CB radio as I hear Dakota crying "give me my Kool-Aid back." I can hear Vanessa Kershawi saying "Shut up or I will shove your head out the passenger side window and drive close to trees." I shake my head and drive. Narrator Olive Garden, the place they decided to eat, of magnificent pasta galore they went into the parking lot and parked their SUV'S and headed inside the Italian eatery as Vanessa Kershawi grabbed her money purse and we all looked at the menus as we order two of everything and Vanessa Kershawi orders five of everything. They wait for their food and talk about their plan of action for when they meet up with camp Half-blood. Meanwhile at Camp Half-Blood three hours earlier and one chapter later in chapter twenty three. Chapter twenty three: Exchange Program Madness Part Two Camp Half - Blood Junonia Octavia I start packing all my clothes and my bamboo staff. "Alright I have that packed now to pack my cooking items." I start to pack case upon case of nothing but herbs, spices, and seasonings. I then pack bottles and bottles of homemade sauces and bags and bags and bags and bags of nothing but rice, veggies, fruits, pasta noodles, peppers and beans. I then star packing elephant care products. "Alright Nimlar bring these to the bus." He does as told and I help him bring my bags to the bus. Drew Tenaka I pack every pair of shoes, outfit, accessories, jewelry, purse, hat and earrings I have. I then pack every hair care and beauty care product I own and every single thing of makeup. I then pack every single romance novel and fashion week and vouge magazine I own. Nyssa I pack all my hammers and tools I then pack metal, leather, and five gallons of water. I then pack my protective gear.