sister in his arms. "Hey there." Percy whispered, stroking her cheek with his forefinger. Immediately, she stopped crying and looked at him inquisitively, her dark eyes wide. After a moment, her plump lips curved into a wide yawn. Percy laughed softly. "That was a big yawn if ever I saw one." Barely a minute passed before she was sound asleep. Annabeth's eyes widened in wonderment. "How did you do that?" She whispered. Percy shrugged. "I've babysat before, you know." Settled back in the living room, they reached a join agreement that they really didn't want to watch another film, so they curled up on the sofa with blue cupcakes, quiet music on in the background, sending chills up Annabeth's spine. The lamp cast a soft halo of light on the living room. In the daytime, this was Annabeth's least favourite room. It was too large and too airy, with a giant carpet in rusty autumn colours as the only item in the centre of the room, a large bay window and little other furniture besides the bookcase, sofa and television. At night, however, it was a wholly different story. The curtains shut out the outside world, making it feel much more cosy. The lamp in the corner came into full use, bathing the room in its dimmed down golden light, the sofa so much more comfortable and the room as a whole much less cold... "Mmm." Muttered Annabeth appreciatively, licking blue icing off her finger as she curled up against Percy's chest. "The mess was worth it. These are good cupcakes." "Mmm." Muttered Percy, his own mouth still full of cupcake. Suddenly, he sat up and leapt to his feet, almost dislodging Annabeth off his chest and onto the floor for the second time that evening. As it was, she only just managed to stay on the sofa. He held out a hand. "Come on, wise girl. Dance with me?" Pathetic puppy dog eyes. Annabeth sighed. How she ever managed to win a single fight with Percy was beyond her. Right now, there didn't seem to be much point in attempting it. Besides, this was her favourite song... "What's got into you today?" She laughed, placing her hand in Percy's outstretched palm and allowing him to pull her up. "Nothing." He said. "I just missed you is all. And this song reminded me of when we danced for the first proper time- you know, just after our second quest." Annabeth smiled, allowing herself to be pulled slightly closer, putting her arms around his neck and bringing their lips so close together she could feel every breath he took, the salt water taste of his lips almost registering on her tongue... "That's really sweet, Percy." His eyes seemed to burn an even more intense and beautiful green than usual- as if every emotion had been made twice as vivid, and all of it was shown right here. Annabeth bit her lip, and brushed her finger over the grey hair just visible by his left ear which, after fading a couple of years ago, had reappeared when they emerged from tartarus. As he met her eyes, unblinking, she realised they had stopped dancing. She didn't want to move from this spot, though. With Percy's arms around her waist, his face mere inches from her own, the music floating all around them... It was perfection, captured in a single breath. "Really, though." She whispered. "Why'd you want to dance?" Percy shrugged. "I figured we could use some practice. If we're going to get married, I mean." Annabeth's heart skipped a beat. She didn't dare hope... "I'll pick out a date, shall I?" She whispered, unknotting her hands from his hair. "Mmm hmm." Percy murmured, removing his hands from her waist and fishing a moment in his back pocket. "What's this?" She asked blankly, looking at the velvet box. Suddenly, her breath caught in her throat, and (pulling away just barely) she clapped her hands over her mouth. "Oh my gods, Percy! I was joking!" He shrugged in return. "Yeah, well. I wasn't." Annabeth took a steadying breath, and put her hands back around his neck. "Well then, I guess I'm going to have to say yes." "Hold on a minute!" Percy laughed. "I had this huge speech planned! I was going to get down on one knee and everything!" Annabeth couldn't help it. She burst out laughing. "Big speech? One knee? You? Alright, this I have to see!" Grinning, Percy got down on one knee and took her hand. "Annabeth Chase, we've survived through a whole lot of stuff. Gods, Titans, Gaia and a whole load of monsters. And I figured we only really survived because we were together. I couldn't have done any of it without you. And while I can't promise that the future is free of any of those things, or that we'll always be safe, I can promise that the future will never, ever find us parted every again. So... I guess... Wise girl, will you marry me?" Annabeth grinned. "Holy Hades, Percy, that has to be the cheesiest, most cringeworthy thing you've ever said to me." She sighed. "And also the sweetest. So... I guess... Seaweed brain, yes I will." Percy grinned, and slid the ring onto her finger. Their lips crashed together, and it felt like nothing either had ever experienced. Like the house could have caught on fire, neither of them would have known or cared. Suddenly, Annabeth pulled away. "On one condition." She laughed, gasping slightly for air. Percy frowned. "What?" "There has to be blue cupcakes." Percy laughed. "As to that, I think it would be a bit of a crime if there wasn't." And when Frederick and Adri Chase arrived home to see both of them curled up on the sofa, completely knocked out (Percy drooling ever so slightly!), with a ring sparkling on Annabeth's finger and blue cupcake wrappers scattered all over the living room floor, they honestly couldn't have been happier...