to him. The guy looked to be either a junior or senior, so he could have been. Yet, he couldn't be as perfect as he seemed because nobody's perfect, as stated by a Hannah Montana song. "Yes, Jackson?" Jackson, I know that name from somewhere and not because of Andrew Jackson or any other historical figures. "I think the team would be okay with her taking up space for three weeks." Why did his voice have to sound like an angel's? Why couldn't he sound like Leo or Mr. Fletcher, to not boost his level of attractiveness? "Did you ask the whole team or are you listening to private conversations again?" "A bit of both coach, but, seriously, everyone would be okay with it." "Someone would have to monitor her and grade her." "I already do that for the team as a whole. I think I can handle another person." Well, this is kind of rude. I cough and gesture at myself. "I'm right here you know." Jackson turns to face me and include me in my conversation again. "Well, I'm captain of the boys swim team and rep. for the girls because somehow there are only freshmen and sophomores this year and no one's ready to step up. Basically, I'm giving coach the okay to let you swim after school." I cross my arms. I figured most of that out on my own. Besides, who else could all those swimmers be? This is the whole dumb blond thing I have to prove in gym, to a guy I don't know and honestly should care less about. Is it me, or are his eyes looking into my very soul? Coach Kym sighs and looks at both of us. "I'll go put your info on a clipboard for Jackson. You're starting tomorrow like everyone else Chase." She then proceeds to walk into a locker room for the girls. Then, almost like magnets, our eyes lock on each others. For a few seconds, there's nothing but silence, beautiful silence. Of course he has to be the one to break it. "So, I'm guessing your first name isn't Chase because she calls everyone by their last names. Plus it would be kind of weird if your parents gave you a boy name." And there's the fault, he's not all that bright but pretty observant. I give him a look, a certain sexist glare if you will. "Even if that was my first name, how do you consider something a boy name? Haley was once a popular boy name, but is now mostly known as a girl name. For all we know, in twenty years Chase could very well be a popular girl name." Once my little rant is done, he's blushing a bit and looks flustered. "Sorry, just trying to make conversation." "What's wrong with silence?" "Nothing, I'd just like to know you better since we're coming to be spending a lot of time together for three weeks." "Technically, it's just thirty-five to forty minutes and it's not like we're going to talk to each other after this, so why would you want to get to know me." "This is what I get for trying to be nice and polite." "Very little good comes from being nice and people are usually just polite to impress others." "So you don't believe in manners and doing the right thing? "The nice thing isn't always the right thing. How can we even judge what's right because the opinion changes for every person? For example, what's your take on the death penalty?" "I don't believe in it." "Neither do I, so we have similar views." "Great, now before you get all defensive again-" "I do not." "- my name is Percy Jackson. What's your name?" Now I remember, he's Mr. Blofis's step-son. He also has a record for destroying stuff and accidents on field trips. I roll my eyes. "This isn't first grade." "No name, no entry to the pool." "You're so immature." "Says the girl who ranting about names." "I discussed the names and their relation to gender." "Do you have to fight with me on everything!" I smirk. "No, you just make it too easy. If I'm really such a pain, let me be someone else's problem." He pauses briefly. "I said I'd monitor and grade you and with your attitude at present, no one would want to do that, except coach but she'd make your life hell because of your weird issue with swimming and this class." He gives me a few seconds to consider that possibility. I'd be fine doing the extra work, but the locker room? I shudder, no way in hell am I going to put up with any more bullshit from the preppy lifeguards. Not to mention, it gives the chance for the upperclassmen to ambush me or pull shit. I'm not putting myself in one of those situations, even I don't know anyone in that pool, they're definitely the better option. "Clearly, you don't want to go there Chase. Now, be the wise girl I know you are and cooperate with me." "Well seaweed brain-" "I walked right into the one, didn't I?" "Yes you did, now let me finish. My name is Annabeth Chase and I expect you not to call me Annie, Beth, Anna, Bethie, Annabel, or anything other stupid short cut from saying my full first name." He whistles long and slow. "Well, I guess I'll stick to Annabeth or Wise Girl, I hope that floats your boat." I sigh. "Fine with me Seaweed Brain." Coach Kym comes back over to us. "Her info is in your locker Jackson. I hope you two are getting along?" Jackson smirks. "Swimmingly." Great, he makes water related puns. This is going to be a long three weeks. I have a little over 20k invested in this story so far, but I don't know if I should continue it. I really would appreciate any feedback you, the viewers, give me.