Almost immediately, the chair glowed a bright blue, blinding us. After the light faded, new patterns were on the previously blank chair. The sides were gold, with the blue-black colour I had on my armour as the main colour. On the back of the chair was my cloak's symbol, while the rest had my adventures engraved into the Primal Silver stone. It hurt to remind me of my past, but at least the cravings didn't have myself in detail, so no one would recognize me. You came to this place to heal. The words of Chaos. Literally. There were me fighting the Minotaur, Medusa, Ares, Atlas, Kronos, Giants, Gaia and so many more I couldn't count on the sides. It was a wonder how they fit. Then it also had me retrieving the Lightning Bolt and the Golden Fleece, on Circe's island, the sea of monsters, baring the sky, in the labyrinth, watching Pan fade, and… surviving… Tartarus. I felt myself stiffen at that. Suddenly, a bright light shined. After the light faded, I saw Boreas, God of Winter and the North Wind, standing where the light was brightest. I bowed, he was one of the Gods I respected, even though he sided with the Giants in the war. I remember that he had helped me on more than a few occasions on my quests. "Ah, Wolfe. Is that your name now?" He spoke. "Well, I have taken a liking to you over the years, and it seems that Lady Chaos has finally recruited you. A shame that the girl betrayed you. I was beginning to like her. Well, Wolfe, I give you the domain of Winter, guard it well. May our paths cross again, Winter Wolfe." And cue another glow, actually two. This is like what, glow 20 of the day? But after that, I felt more powerful, like a rush of strength through me, massive power coursing through my veins. I opened my eyes I didn't know were closed, only to find that Boreas had already left. Other than that, my clothes had changed. Everything was still here, except for my helm, which was replaced by the hood now attached to my cloak. My cloak had changed as well, the rims becoming gold and a howling wolf's image on my right shoulder, and a symbol that resembled the Assassin's Creed one, gold replacing red, on my left. I assumed the first was mine, and the latter was the Cause's symbol, seeing as everyone had one on their left shoulder. A long and boring and nerving silence was ensured. In an attempt to break the ice, I said, "Well, that was awkward… We should probably start?" Great. Now I sound like Leo. Leo. He hadn't been seen since he came back with Calypso, only to fly off again once he came along. They were two of the only people I trusted at this point. No one said anything. Thankfully, Chaos came to the rescue. "Yeah, ummm… meeting start." Then, the meeting started. Surprisingly, I didn't zone out. One of the effects of the blessing , I noted. During the meeting, I actually remembered everyone. [A/N: Aaaaannd here is the part where I have to explain some things. If you guys want better detail and explanations, go check out the next chap, where Percy introduces the 20 sector leaders, along with the other 3 Commanders, and there are 4 questions for shout outs. So yeah. Since I know you probably won't read it due to it being 5000 words or more, (I haven't finished it yet, duh) I have to answer some stuff first, and I'll still do the standard introduce, blah blah. On to the explanations. As you can see, there is an Arc, or Act, whatever you want to call it, and it is semi-important, I guess. Basically, the time Percy is narrating this is when he's at the end of this Arc, and yeah. For more detailed information and a chance to win a shout out, please visit the prologue attachment of this fanfiction, beep.] At the end of the meeting, it was getting dark, so Chaos had Pyro take me to my Cabin. Pyro was a son of Hades, and former Ghost King. He had black hair and eyes (Gee, who would've guessed), and had the codename Ghost Rider, since he could summon a motorbike made of hardened bones with Hellfire surrounding it. He was currently dating Kate Vine, and was Guardian of sector 4. The War Room was in front of the main building, and on the way to the Commander Cabin, I saw some of the training grounds. "Here's the Cabin, the other three commander should be here soon, so ask them if you need anything. Tomorrow you're gonna train, so get good sleep." Pyro opened the door. "Thanks Pyro." I took a breath. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow at training." I was replied with a short nod from Pyro, and then he left. I went in, and the cabin was amazing. There was a library, an arena, a dining room, and everything. Walking into the hallway, I quickly found my room, which was a mixture of my room back in New York, and my cabin at Camp Hell Hole. Throwing myself onto the bed, my vision slowly dimmed. A/N: And that's a wrap people! Hope you guys enjoyed the prologue, and the next chap will be longer, definitely. I finished this last Sunday, but at that time, I wanted to finish the attachment to upload them at the same time, but I realized I wouldn't finish it even after I'm done with chapter 1 (Which is like 40% complete?), so as I said at the start of this, if this is popular, then I'll go and upload it in one of those '(Story name) Failure Chapters' stuff. So yeah. Next chap will hopefully be up by next week, but because of a certain lazy bone in my body, I make no promises.