but Nico doubted that was what Leo was in the mountains to try fixing. "Leo, what threat could be outside of Earth? Are you trying to tell me there's something else out there that Gaea was {protecting} us from?" Leo slumped in his seat. "Well, that's why I haven't come home yet, I've been trying to find out. I just have to know! I know for sure that Gaea has been protecting us from a ton of stuff. Well more or less protecting herself. Her aura, Earth's magnetic field, has always protected us from solar wind that otherwise would have stripped our atmosphere away. She built the atmosphere that sweeps away the small ions that still get through. The crust is constantly regenerating, the cycle of life was only kept up by Demeter, but Gaea set up the idea. It's like Gaea built the original Unix, and the gods just made distributions of Ubuntu." Calypso elbowed him. "You're doing that thing where your not speaking English." She complained. "Sorry, basically, she set up all the stuff that the gods inherited, but what if she was doing more than just that. It's often been said that Zeus was the ruler of the Universe, but what if that was just Zeus being hyperbolic. What if he only owns our Galaxy?" "Are you saying that Zeus doesn't own anything outside of the Milky Way?" "That's not all I'm saying. What if the Olympians aren't the only gods out there? What if there are creatures that are as powerful, or even more powerful than them. And if they existed anywhere, it would be outside of Zeus's domain. Some scientists are saying that our neighboring Galaxy, The Andromeda Galaxy, is heading for us and will arrive here sometime in the future. I think that somehow it's being steered by these Alter-Olympians, and now they can see us, and there going to get here five-gajillion times faster. That's why I've been going to the mountains, they're the closest place on Earth to the stars, my next stop is Mount Everest, I'm going to build an observatory with a little extra zing to it there, and find out everything I can about this place." Nico exhaled, impressed. "Are you saying your not going back to Camp Half Blood with us? You do know that that's the safest place for you right?" Leo looked deadly serious. "Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Nico, I have something to ask of you. Nobody can know I'm here, I have to have complete security in my work, or my information might be jeopardized. This might be the only way I'll be able to fix this." Will looked sympathetic. "Hey, it's not your fault, it's not like there was any other choice to choose besides taking her out." Leo laughed, this time it wasn't fake. "You make it sound like I regret murdering her! I saved you guys, I regret nothing. I've already given my life for you guys, I think it's better if people still believed that was true. I swear though, one day I'll come back to life, and when I do it will be with a bang." Nico frowned, he knew exactly what Leo meant, but decided to ask anyways. "What are you saying, your not dead, your as alive as the skin on my forehead. I know what your going to ask me Leo, but how could I do something like that to everyone back at Camp Half Blood. How could I lie like that." Nico could feel that Will was really confused. Nico sounded cryptic to himself, so he wasn't surprised. Leo's smile faded. "You know as well as I do that a true death isn't decided by who still exists on Earth and who doesn't. It's decided by people. If the people believe I've died, then the only place I live is in their hearts. As for how you will lie to everyone, that is where my final request comes in, Ghost King. You two are the only people who can ever know the truth of my existence, otherwise I will be forever chased by the Legions of Hades until I'm finally brought to justice for using the Physician's Cure. You can't cheat death without consequences. When I come back to life, I will most likely be confined to the safety of Camp Half Blood. The only thing that keeps Hades from seeing me now is Calypso's magic. But even the strongest magic can be overrun if enough people believe in something. Nico, Will, I need you to go back to Camp Half Blood and tell the other campers that you found the area that I died at. Tell them there was nothing left of me to take home. Tell the world, that Leo Valdez is dead. Also, tell them that my last words were 'All teh ladiez luv Leo!'" Calypso slapped him at that last part. Will looked shell shocked. Nico was the first to recover. "Leo, was that crate I found for you?" Nico asked, pointing behind him. "Ah yes, that'll do very nicely, you can't be too careful in the business of not getting killed, you know?" Nico grinned. Nico went over to the crate and flicked his index finger up. A skeleton shot out from the ground. "Carry the crate." He commanded. The skeleton nodded in his compliance, grabbing the crate and hoisting it over to the SUV. Leo called to Will and handed him a note. Nico couldn't hear what Leo said next, but before he could ask, the SUV drove off again. Will walked over to Nico. "He told me to give this to Percy Jackson, something about Calypso." Nico shrugged. "Come on, lets get back home." Will laughed. "How?" Nico smiled. "Ever wanted to ride a dinosaur?" Will smirked. "What, a zombie dinosaur?" Nico made a three fingered claw towards the ground and pointed it at himself. Huge dinosaur bones clawed through the compact snow, rebuilding itself. "Lets go home."