more well-wishers at the moment. "Was that Hera?" Percy asks, sitting beside Nico. "Sorry to interrupt, but I just got here for the weekend. Kayla said I should probably find you. What did Hera want?" "To bless our future marriage," Will answers. The shock that flashes across Percy's face is almost funny. "Marriage?" he demands, a look of betrayal in his eyes as he turns to Nico. The lake ripples suddenly. "You're getting married?" "Yes." "To Will?" "Yes." "So, I'm definitely not your type?" Will sputters, nearly toppling forward into the lake. Nico rolls his eyes. It's hard to believe that Percy, very much straight Percy, is still so caught up on that particular blow to his ego. "Safe to say you're not," Will supplies. Percy shrugs. "Okay. I'll accept that. Who proposed?" Nico and Will exchange glances, both trying not to laugh. "Well, technically me," Nico says. "Technically?" Nico turns to Percy with a sheepish grin. He hasn't told anyone else that the proposal had been an accident, rushed way before its time. But if anyone can appreciate the humor of it, it's Percy. Nico explains the situation. Percy nods. "So, I can't get mad that I didn't know. Got it," he says. "Can I at least be your best man?" "I can't think of anyone I'd want more," Nico answers. "You, Jason, Frank, and Leo." Nico grimaces at Frank's name. He still hasn't had a chance to send a message to Hazel. She'll kill him if she knows that everyone knew before her. He makes a quick mental note to send her a message as soon as he can. Percy grins. "I'm happy for you, man," he says. "If anyone deserves a happy ending, it's definitely you." "Hey, Seaweed Brain!" Percy glances over his shoulder. "I'd better go. You two could probably use the privacy, anyway." "That would be nice," Nico agrees. Percy climbs to his feet, running toward Annabeth. "Hey, Annabeth! Guess what! Will and Nico are engaged!" he calls. Will laughs. "Well, there goes our privacy," he says, as campers' heads turn in their directions. … Will and Nico linger after the campfire songs end. It's the first time they've had any real time away from everyone. Now that the rest of the camp have retreated to their cabins, there's no one around to interrupt them. Will leans over, kissing Nico gently. "It's been an interesting day," he says. "Maybe we should make it a short engagement," Nico grumbles. "I don't think I can take much more of this." "But you can never rush true love!" A woman, easily the most beautiful woman Nico has ever seen, sits across from them, a cheerful smile on her perfectly painted lips. "Young love is so beautiful, isn't it?" she sighs. "I should know." "Aphrodite," Nico guesses, and he's overcome with the urge to melt into the shadows. "That's me!" she confirms with a laugh. "Oh, I've been weaving your love story together for years! Did you know Will had a crush on you the second he saw you?" Nico looks at Will. The sudden rush of color to his cheeks is confirmation enough. "Had to keep it interesting, of course. Throw in a hero you thought you wanted. Oh, and all the little bumps and bruises that lead you to Will's arms!" She speaks with the tone of a proud parent who has watched her child grow into a CEO or something. "Love is never really love if it's boring." "Thanks for that," Nico says bitterly. "You're very welcome! Now, wedding plans!" Aphrodite beams, clapping her hands together. "There's this beautiful chapel in Paris that would be the perfect venue! It's booked for the next two years, but a goddess has her ways!" "We haven't really started planning yet," Will says quietly. "Oh, but the planning is where the fun is! Now, Nico, of course you'll be in black. You rock the whole dark and edgy look so well," she continues. "Will, a nice white suit, yellow tie. Ooh! A bow tie! Think of how dapper you'll look!" She waves her hands, and the suits appear, hovering before them. Nico nearly falls over when he notices the label. It's something he could never even dream of affording. "You're too kind, Lady Aphrodite," Will says politely, his eyes wide. "These are perfect." "Of course they are!" she laughs. "The goddess of beauty has impeccable taste. Now, doves! The perfect symbol of your love! I will let you use a few of my own." "You have your own doves?" Nico asks. He doesn't know why this surprises him. Doves are her symbol, of course. But he's never really thought that she might have her own personal stock of birds. The thought almost makes him laugh. Aphrodite doesn't answer. She climbs to her feet. "Now, off you go! Beauty sleep is a must. Not me, of course. You two." "Gee, thanks," Nico mumbles, but he's glad for an excuse to get away from her. … "And to think," Nico says as they reach his cabin. "It's only been a day. I'm not sure I can handle much more of this." Will grins, leaning in stroking Nico's hair. "We could always elope," he suggests. "You're just trying to rush ahead to the honeymoon," Nico teases. Will's smirk proves his guilt. He drops his hand to Nico's shoulder, pressing a kiss to his lips. "It doesn't matter to me," he says quietly. "You're mine, whether we marry tomorrow or ten years from now." Nico can't help but to shiver at the words. He's never questioned Will's love for him. He's always known that they were meant to be. But hearing him say it like that brings Nico a new sort of peace. He rests his head against Will's chest, smiling. "We have a lot of decisions to make," he says. "We'll ask Chiron tomorrow if we can go into the city and plan in peace." Will nods, kissing him again. "Peace," he agrees.