find that he didn't want it. The west is where he'll meet his end, And get ripped apart, bit by bit. Friends will turn against him, Naturally, it shall be the seven. When the sun gets really dim, No one shall be in heaven. The almighty Gods will be dead, And the Titans will rise. This man shall lose his head But he will still see with his eyes. So, naturally, this prophecy is about you, dead man." And she lunged. Larry thought he was dead for sure until a giant bear knocked her off course. Larry was still thinking about the prophecy when his reinforcements, the rest of the seven, except for Leo, arrived. They took one look at Gaia and charged at her. Only to be stopped by Larry. "Some of you need to help those three with Martha. And then the rest of you need to help me help these two innocent people. Piper, Jason, you help those with Martha, Frank, Hazel, you help me with Gaia and the prisoners. Go, go, go!" The group ran ro their assorted positions and started fighting, or in Frank, Larry and Hazel's opinion, helping free the prisoners. The fight wasn't going so well - Piper and Jason were looking around for Martha(although she was right in front of them) and Frank and Hazel were now getting beaten up by Gaia. Larry was freeing all the prisoners. Just as he got to Hera, glasses came sliding across the floor, coming to a stop at Larry's feet. "She isn't actually awake! All you need to do is hurt her badly enough so she goes back to the earth!" exclaimed Hera, shaking the bars and screaming in pain. Larry burnt the bars and Hera ran out. She flew Jason's glasses back to him and then made them able to see Martha again. Piper, with a lot of force, spoke" Martha, leave us alone. Go back to the underworld and never come back." Larry wanted to do as she said but he knew he had a job to do. Blaze was thrown backwards and Larry merged with him before he hit the ground. The prophecy is a fake. You haven't been killed so you can't ressurect to save a friend, the west is completely harmless, the seven won't turn against you because they all like you, there's already no one in heaven, the almighty gods will die unless you send Gaia back to the earth, the Titans are in Tartarus and they can't get out and you can't physically lose your head but still see with your eyes and you are a god, so the only people who can kill you are Titans and Gaia herself(although that is only if she is fully awake.) Chapter 10 Since Blaze had told Larry that nothing could hurt him, he ran into the battle with nothing but a tiny flame in his hand and got so close to Gaia that he could see every individual eyelash. He made the flame grow and it burnt her leaf green nose so bad it turned to ash. He then burnt the stump that was the only thing left and when she opened her mouth he could see the flame. Hera, on the other hand, had other ideas. She would make Gaia wave and smile at the free prisoners as Grover escorted them out. Percy and Annabeth tripped up Martha as she came charging at them and then Percy would make a wave wash her towards Jason and then he would electrocute her. All the while, Piper was confusing her by using her convincing voice to tell her different instructions. Frank turned into an elephant and helped Larry with Gaia as Hazel was summoning swords from the ground and throwing them at her friends so they can use them. Fireball after fireball hit Gaia. She screamed and shrieked and clawed at the air. Frank sent her flying with a hit from his trunk and he then trampled over her, taking extra care on her face. Gaia started melting back into the floor and Hazel threw a dagger that landed smack bang in the middle of the forehead. She dissolved into dust. They ran to join the fight against Martha but the situation seemed to have been under control: Percy was throwing waves at her, Annabeth pulled on her invisible Yankees cap and stabbed her in the back, Jason summoned lightning and made it land on her toes, Grover was now using his reed pipes to stick her to the floor and Piper was still using her Charmspeak to confuse her. However, in Larry's opinion, they still needed help with sending Martha back to the Underworld. He summoned a giant wall around her and when she stuck her hand in the flames, she burnt her hand really bad. After the fifth time of burning herself, she was thrown into the Underworld by Piper and her Charmspeak. "Urghh. What happened?" At the elevator, Heracles was looking around at the state of Olympus. Then, when he saw Larry and Blaze unmerge, he came running with his fists raised. "Where is the enemy? The last thing I saw was a giant hit me over the head and shouting 'Pineapple!'" Percy and Grover filled him in whilst Larry and Frank(now a human again) went to work restoring Olympus to its original state. Frank threw all the cages into the River Styx since Larry was trying to restore the Flame Of Olympus so all the other gods could come back. All of a sudden, a roar came from the direction of Heracles. Frank turned back into an elephant and Larry turned around to see Heracles pounding his fist into his hand - it was clear that it was him that made the noise. Then, Larry saw Zeus, Hades and Poseidon fly to the throne room on their chariots. Larry decided it was time to go. He grabbed his friends and teleported away. Everything was well, for now...