him, and he saw fear. The man looked up when Percy approached. Percy shared a glance with Reyna and she nodded approvingly at him. Percy removed Jason's ring from his finger and placed it in front of the man. This close to him, Percy recognised some elements of the man's face – the chiselled jawline was unmistakable: it was the same as Jason's. The man studied the ring for a moment before he glanced from it to Percy and then back again. His face, if possible, grew even whiter and his expression slipped, his face contorting violently into agony and his eyes twitched before he regained his composure. He flicked his hand at Percy and spoke only one word: "Speak." Percy launched into his explanation and explained how Jason had commanded them to flee, telling them to get to safety while he remained behind to ensure the citizens were safe. He paused for a moment. "I-I don't know whether your son survived the gods' wrath, Domine. " He said, after a moment of tense silence. The man took a moment to process Percy's story. He shot a glance in Reyna's direction before he returned to looking at Percy. "I remember you, boy." The man said simply after another moment of silent thought. "My son took a liking to you the moment he saw you those many years ago." He paused again to take a small sip from his water goblet. "If my son is dead, he will have died an honourable hero and he will have died well. He will be honoured, as will the other victims of this catastrophe, and he will live well. He did his duty and died a true Roman." Percy twitched but held his tongue, wanting to point out how if his father had not made obedience such an important thing, Jason would not have felt compelled to remain and would not have died. "I thank you for going to the trouble to bring me this news… you will be rewarded, of course." Percy began to refuse but the man silenced him with a commanding look. "But please, leave me to grieve for now." Percy bowed and swiftly left the room. Reyna followed behind him, watching the boy's face carefully. It had been some time since they had arrived at the capital, and yet more days passed, blurring together in an amalgamation of hurt, suffering, pain and then emptiness in successive, unending cycles that threatened to break the resolve of even Reyna. Reyna had kept him company since they had arrived, but Percy could tell she too was grieving, though she tried to hide it from him and he found they often drowned their sorrows in wine – though not Pompeii's wine. That wine was too painful to drink, for both of them. It was on the seventh day after arriving that they were broken from their sorrow when news of Campania survivors arriving reached them. The two perked up and shared a glance, neither of them daring to hope, and headed down to the source of the commotion. They arrived at the main city gates and fought their way through the crowd to the front. Reyna snarled at any who shot them a look or looked ready to get in their way and they quickly backed off, fright evident on their faces. The two watched as survivors in varying conditions poured in to the city. Percy noticed that each and every one of them wore clothes blackened and smeared with ash and soot. Percy's heart faltered a little with each face he looked at and was met with disappointment time and time again. When the flow of people ended, he turned with a heavy heart and began walking away. Jason wasn't there, and neither was his father. Reyna's arm shot out and grabbed Percy, pulling him to a stop. He looked back in surprise before his eyes widened in shock and his breath caught in his throat. Two men were walking towards the city – from this distance, Percy and Reyna could tell they were battered and bruised and covered with ash, but very much alive and well. Percy recognised the taller, bulkier man immediately – his father was alive. His heart was lifted immediately and for the first time in days, Percy genuinely smiled. When they slowly got closer, Percy saw that his father was supporting someone. His father's arm was around the other's waist while he half-carried him forward, and Percy could see the other man was limping. The smaller man raised his head and Percy saw the strikingly familiar blue eyes and the soot-covered blond locks and he and Reyna let out a cry of surprise and joy, before the two of them surged forward and embraced the two men. Jason smiled weakly, fatigued by his journey, before he and Neptunus returned the hugs with relieved smiles on their faces. Glossary Roma - Rome, the capital city of the Empire. Ave - "Hail" Propraetor - Roman rank equivalent to a governor Vigiles Urbani - "Watchmen of the city", the firefighters and police of ancient rome. Gladius - the primary sword of Ancient Roman foot soldiers Vado - "Go" Ita Domine - equivalent to "Yes Lord" Neptunus - Latin name for the god Neptune Exercitus Romanus - "Roman Army" Classis - the Roman Navy/fleet Campania felix - literally "fertile countryside", the Latin name for the southwestern region of Italy, Campania I cederet - "I yield" Thermae - Roman bath Apodyterium - the entrance room in a Roman bath where people undressed and stored their clothing Capsarii - slaves that attended the apodyterium and managed clothing Tepidarium - the warm room in a Roman bath Unctores - slaves that annointed people before they bathed Caldarium - the hot room in a Roman bath Puelos - a quadrangular bath filled with hot water in the caldarium Vulcanalia - Roman festival celebrating the god Vulcan/Vulcanus Fugite - "Flee" Vesuvio - Latin name for Mt. Vesuvius