friends. Piper was staring at me, not accusingly but still staring. "what?" I asked questionably. Hazel cleared her throat, "You got a bit of...something on your lips." I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand, seeing the red smudge I swore. "That bitch." We sat in silence when a thought came to me, "Where is Nico?" "He escaped," Jason answered, "He must have slipped away when we were caught. He might even get us out of here." "I don't see how," Piper asked from where she sat against the bars, picking the lock, "The cell is completely magic proof, I can't even charmspeak the guard so he definitely can't shadow travel in here." I slumped a bit more at that. "So we wait," The others mumbled in agreement, our friends would free us and Nico could find out more of what was going on around here. Night came but nothing changed, Leo jawned for the millionth time, Piper was falling asleep on Jason but all was quite. "Let's go to sleep," I said, "We can worry about things tomorrow morning." No-one answerd, they just snugged up together, keeping themselves as warm as possible. They all lay against the wall, holding tight, Leo against Jason, Piper on Jason's other side, Hazel between Piper and Frank. In minutes they were all fast asleep, leaving me alone with my thoughts. I thought of Margaret, how I wished she was here, I had always been a very private person but Margaret had changed that, she'd broken down my walls and opened my heart. I doubt I will ever meet someone like her again, a shameless flirt and always ready for adventure. I laughed as I remembered how she'd raised an eyebrow when I told her the ship could fly. "A flying ship," she had said, then rolled her eyes "sooo original." And with that memory I fell asleep. I woke up to find my friends still asleep, why did that always happen? Someone had been in since then because there was a tray of food near my feet. Unfortunately, they hadn't bothered changing the portion from one person to six, so there sat one feeble bowls of soup, a piece of bread, a spoon and a cup of something, to dark to be clean water. Once the others woke we shared the water, drinking a gulp each and then did the same with the soup. Leo was drinking his part of the soup when he said, "Gross!" And pulled out a long string of, what looked like paper, he went to flick it of when Hazel stopped him, "DON'T." He looked at her confused but handed it over, "What could you possibly need with THAT." Hazel ignored him and cleaned it, swiping of the soup, "What is it?" I asked, wondering what had caught her eye. "I'm not sure," she said as she tried to make it out, "It looks like some sort of...note. Here," she said and gave it to me. Everyone grouded round as they tried to see, the slip had pictures on, it was a figure running with a cross drown over him and then a picture of a watch. "I think it means, 'don't run' and 'wait,' " I said. Piper thought for a moment then said, "Okay, but who is it from and why not write it?" Leo shrugged and said, "Maybe they couldn't write at all or maybe just not English," "Nico." Hazel said, "Nico can't write, maybe it's from him," I hadn't known. Nico had been part of my crew for years yet I had failed to know he couldn't write, what DID I know about him? All I knew is what others told me, he was Hazel adopted brother, before that he'd been taken care of by his sister who died in the war. "Could be," I said and tore the note apart so no-one would know we'd reseaved it, "So we wait," Jason said and we did. Days past but nothing changed, I began to get restless, nightmares still haunted me and I was dehydrated and hungry, my friends were having the same problems, when one day everything changed "Wake up!" I opened my eyes and squinted, trying to recognize who was talking to me. He was leaning over me but I didn't know him, looking at the uniform I concluded he was one of the Queen's guards. He smirked at me, "The Queen will see you now," "Why?" I asked, "I could tell you but you'd forget it anyway." And that was that, he picked me up by the shoulders and led me out the room, I was shackled by another man and brought upstairs. Hours later the guard came in, grabbed me by my shackles and tied me up with other prisoners, some were criminals and others I couldn't tell what they were. We were pulled along strange corridors with only a few torches to light our way. The journey gave me a chance to wonder why the Queen had wipped my memories if they would return in hours anyway, what was the point? The drug must of been in the food, me and my friends had shared the food so they must have been in the same state as I was, I hoped it wasn't worse. We were being brought up steps and for the first in days I saw the sunlight, we were in the town square with many spectators come to watch. They were shouting and cheering as me and many others were brought before the gallows. I looked around and saw my friends in different lines but didn't indicate I knew them. To my relief the Queen hadn't caught any other members of my crew, the line was moving quickly, a few people being hanged at a time, there crimes mentioned before the leaver was pulled. My heart raced as there were only a few people left before it was my turn. My finale hour had come.