to tarturaus for eternity. Ares kindly do the honors." Zeus said firmly. Ares walked up to Percy currently crying trying to plead to his friends to help him. But they just smirked and turned away pretending to ignore him. It shattered his heart into itty bitty pieces. He turned to his dad sobbing and silently pleaded with him also. Posieodon's eyes flickered to there regular sea green but then went back to a sick gray. " wait a minute" Percy thought. But before he could study any one else Ares kicked him right in the jaw, snapping it immediatly. He punched him in the stomach so hard it created shock waves over and over throughout Olympus. Ares punched him again and again. Percy was screaming so loud Ares would be surprised if the Camp didnt hear him. Ares punched him for the last time but as soon as his fist connected Percy's screams stopped. "finally... he finally let me out." Percy spoke. Chuckling a low, spine chilling laugh. Everyone watched in awe and fear as Percy ( still chained) glowed and suddenly had a tuxedo on. His eyes changed from Sea green to a blood red. His aura changed to a sea green to deep black. Everyone was fearful for there lives now. " ARES BANISH THE BEAST TO TARTURUS NOW!" Zeus screamed in fear and anger. Ares quickly unchained Percy and went to throw him over the edge when suddenly Percy whirled around punched Ares so hard he flew through every piller in the throne room. Percy, laughing his butt off, skipped gleefully to where Ares's lifeless body lay. Percy leaned down before brushing his cheek with his hand. Then he brutally striked his jaw, and again, and again, again and again he punched Ares until you couldnt see skin anymore. The God's all suddenly jumped up and charged Percy one at a time. Percy chuckled and skipped into the middle before taking riptide out which had also changed. Gone was its former glow. It was now a deep icy blue with a dark black golden handle. Percy chuckled again and spoke up, " Silly God's you only fuel my need to see you on my sword. come. Fight me and meet death himself." Percy lunged into action so fast i cant even put it into this as a description. All I can say is he was everywhere at the same time. Suddenly there was a battle cry and Annabeth didn't make it two steps without her dagger being thrown away and nearly being stabbed in the neck with Riptide. Key word: Nearly. Percy had stopped immediatly right before he drove his sword through her neck. He seemed to be having a mental debate with himself. " Thats not wise boss" He finally said to no one in general" He frowned, and backed up away from annabeth. "but come onnn boss not even a little?" He asked himself. "Okay but how about them?" He said pointing at the God's. Suddenly he grinned evily. " Well thats the best thing Ive heard all day." He said before walking towards the God's with riptide dragging on the floor creating sparks. Not even three steps in and a dagger sunk into his back and portruded out his chest. Percy only looked annoyed. " Son of a bi-" Was all he got out before Annabeth spartan kicked him into the hole that led to Tartarus. Everyone congratulated her and went to the hole, only to see him hanging on by a tiny piece of rock that he amazingly had snagged. "Mark my words God's If I get out of here-... When. I get out of here. Im coming for you. all of you. I'll kill you if its the last thing I do. I swear. Goodbye Olympus... for now." He said before letting go of the rock. Not one person left Olympus that day without the threat lingering somewhere in there hearts and a picture of Percy's deep dark souless glowing red eyes as he fell into Tarturus. They knew he'd be back someday but they just shoved it off and continued there everyday lives. Big Mistake. FLASHBACK END. Life is cruel. It beats you down and mutates you into something your not. But in this case. Something that Percy needed. Percy watched as Kronos, Orion and a pack of monsters get closer. He actually felt sorry for them. For what was gonna happen, He would wish upon no one. He never wanted this. He just wanted peace. But the fates wannted mess with him. Okay. fine. they messed with him. I hope they're happy because this effect if ireversable. "I just wanted to be safe and have someone who cares about me" Percy thought to himself. " Dont worry. I'll keep you safe. Rest boss. I'll take care of this. You dont deserve this. Rest boss. Rest." The voice said before leaving his mind. Percy felt his eyes closing as he accepted the help. He felt his mind being taken over, but it was ok because he would have a true friend finally. "Sorry... Kronos" Percy said before he shut his eyes completely. Kronos and his monsters stared wierdly at Percy's body. They had finally found the boy. But he was just sitting there sleeping? No. something seemed fishy about it in Kronos's mind. But he couldnt sence what. It was...powerful. Very powerful. Suddenly Percy's head snapped up. But he wasnt the same. He had a tuxedo on and his eyes were a deep bloody red that scared the living hell out of the monsters (PUN totally. intented) "HIYA!" Percy smirked looking directly into Kronos's eyes. "The names Frost, wanna play a game?" WOW! okay finished. Honestly guys i think this was an amazing chapter it took me around three days to write but I tried putting loads of detail into it. I like this plot alot so PLEASE REVIEW and give me a chance. Love you guys, Chaos kid signing out.