most, for him and all for her, of it. It was these little things that helped keep his relationship with his mother so strong. He told her everything. And she told him everything as well. He was enjoying the flavor of the fish when his mother cleared her throat. "So are you going to Aphrodite's store tomorrow?" "Why? Probably." Jason questioned, stuffing another delicious bite into his mouth. "I think you'll find something you'll really love there. Who knows?" She trailed off, wiping a small drip of sauce from the corner of her mouth with a grace that would freeze mortals. "Are you trying to set me up again? Mom, I told you already, I'm not searching for anyone right now. I've tried that already. And every time it just didn't work out. So let me have a moment to breathe right now please. Especially since tomorrow's her… her… the day she… She died." It took him a moment to get it out, closing his eyes in anger and sadness, his hand clenching tightly upon the fork in his hand, bending it in his hand as his strength was left unchecked for moment. He visibly calmed when his mother's hand was soon placed over his, her eyes gazing into his own when he opened his eyes. "I know sweetheart. Honestly, I'd never try to set you up with someone new on a day like tomorrow. Never. I just really think you should stop by alright? Just to placate your Aunt. She's ecstatic for her first store to be opening here." "Alright. Fine. I'll stop by on my way to class, instead of getting a smoothie like normal." "Good. Thank you darling. Now come, it's time for your mother to curl up on your wonderful couch and watch a chick-flick. Let's go." With a shake of his head in exasperation, Jason followed her, just glad for the company. /-/-/ When he exited the shower, towel wrapped around his face as he went to check on the meal. He found his mother already at the oven, turning the dish and checking it's temp. "Hey mom!" Percy called out. Walking up and giving her a hug, shaking his wet hair as he tried getting her wet. "You're powers are strong little one, but not strong enough my love." She said, laughing as the water simple fell from her, not leaving her wet in the slightest. "How are you?" "I'm… I'm good. It's a little easier ever year after I suppose. Just a little, tiny bit easier." "I know my little wave. I know." As she spoke, she traced her marking on his back, still loving the way it claimed him as her child, and how she could close her eyes and see every part of her that he shared with her. "I'm going to go change, I'll be back in a sec. You alright with setting the table?" "Of course. I know where everything is, so hurry up. This smells delicious and I can't wait to try it out. Shall I put the Bougatsa in for you as well?" "That'd be awesome. Thanks mom!" Percy called out, heading towards his room to throw on a pair of boxer-briefs, skinny jeans, and a long sleeve dark blue v-neck. Pushing the sleeves up to just below his elbow, shaking his hair out one last time before going back to the kitchen and dining room, taking the seat next to his mother as she served them up each a plate. "You going to classes tomorrow, or will you be skipping?" "I'll go. Don't know how much I'll pay attention. But I'll be going." "Good. You be getting your usual coffee?" "Yeah, I'll definitely need it tomorrow." He said, smirking with dark humor as he placed another delicious bite of the Pastitsio in his mouth. "Good. I think you'll especially like the coffee tomorrow." She responded, her smirk hiding something he didn't know. "You care to share what that smile is about?" "Will you accept this delicious meal?" "No. Though it is amazing." Percy smirked, eyes boring into his mother's. "No, you can't ask. I was just saying." "Fine. Fine. You done?" He questioned, taking her plate as she nodded her acquiescence. "Dessert?" "Of course. You and I both know it's our favorite part of any meal. Though I do prefer a good chocolate cake." Amphitrite said, smiling as Percy hummed his agreement, taking the fresh dessert bread from the oven and placing it on a plate for the two of them. "Also grab a deck of cards. I need to beat your butt again. What am I at now? A ten win lead?" With an exclamation of laughter Percy through the hand towel at her with a snort. "In your dreams. Five wins, tops." /-/-/ He was almost asleep. The 'Empire Strikes Back' playing in the background. His head in his mother's lap on the couch as she stroked her hand through his hair, slowly leading him to sleep. Smiling to herself as she knew that her son's brothers would be receiving the same treatment tonight. Each of the mother's knowing their sons slept best, and with no nightmares, when their mothers were present and keeping a watch on them. "My little flower. I have a request from you." "Yeah mom?" He yawned, struggling to stay awake and answer her question as Luke began his training with Yoda. "There's a new street fighting gym that's opened up nearby. Would you stop by tomorrow? There's supposed to be a rather impressive fighter there, who has yet to lose to anyone. I'd like you to show them what a true fighter is." "I'll stop by and see. If they seem like a challenge I will. Otherwise I'd rather not bother…" He sleepily trailed off, falling into a deep sleep as Persephone continued to stroke his hair, smiling down on her child. "Good. Sweet dreams my little flower. I won't be leaving you tonight. So sleep in peace." /-/-/