never saw a baby that wasn't the definition of cute) and playing with the button of his shirt. She smiles when he hugs her closer (She didn't thought it was possible). He watches her with wide eyes for a moment before a beautiful smile make its way to his face making him look younger. "So perfect…" He whispers as if he was having problems breathing because of her. If she could she would blushing. Rhea had never been felt so loved in her life; it was a new feeling and a strange one at that. Especially when he was looking at her as if there was nothing more precious in the world. Sally opens her mouth to speak but is interrupted by Poseidon who raises his head looking serious. He takes a deep breath and start stroking Rhea hair. Rhea knew he was doing that to calm his own nerves, but she just imagined it was for herself and let herself purr in contentment. He chuckles at this. "Can we finish our talk now?" He asks softy though Rhea did hear a little of annoyance there. She shakes her head at this and sends her mother a smile. Most of the neighbors who came to visit always tried to convince Sally of giving her up or something similar and her mother always made an excuse to escape those conversations. Like how she played with her bracelet, the action of making excuses turned into a habit in a short period of time. "A-About the camp…?" Her mother voice is weak as if it pained her to talk about this camp. He looks at Rhea for a second before turning his attention back to Sally. "About her safety." Her mother nods and Rhea frown a little displeased as she notice that he hadn't included Sally in his plans, but maybe he was talking about something that couldn't harm mortals so she didn't thought much about it. "V-Very well…" Her mother sighs with tears in her eyes. She looks at Rhea before nodding her head with determination and turning around, walking in the direction of the living room. When her mother disappears from view, Poseidon turns around. He lifts Rhea up, smiling when she giggles and wave her arms happily. Kissing her forehead, he has a moment of hesitation before placing Rhea in her crib. She grumbles displeased but knows that there's nothing she can do about it so she hugs her plushy – Mr. Puffin (No, she wasn't too old to have a plushy, she was just a baby after all) –. Rhea sighs and closes her eyes when her father places her blanket over her body and strokes her hair before walking away. The last thing she hears before falling asleep; is the door of her room closing. Reah wasn't sure if babies who were just a few weeks old could have dreams so vivid or if that was just another proof that she would never be normal. But it doesn't really matter to her as that night Rhea, is submerged in dreams of her own death – like so many times before –. All she can see is her own bloodied hand and hear the screams made by her mother who had gotten crazy and decided to kill her for some reason Rhea still didn't know. She wakes up scream, but her mother never come like the others times. In her place, is the comfortable and calming presence of Poseidon that hugs her close to his body, singing in what Rhea recognize as Ancient Greek (She had a history teacher in High School who could speak it). When she is finally calm, Rhea supports her head on his left shoulder. She tries to not fall sleep since she doesn't want to revive her death again. "Don't worry Rhea…" Poseidon says. Rhea sighs at the loving and tender tone he was using. As her eyes start to close, Rhea realizes that empty feeling she felt when he had disappeared early was gone. She isn't sure if that was a connection that all Gods and their children had, but Rhea decides to think about it later because she wants to enjoy the feeling of being complete while she can because Rhea knows her father couldn't be with for too long. She closes her eyes and let herself be consumed by darkness again, but this time, Rhea knew that no nightmare would come to scary her because she wasn't alone. Her father would make sure that she would be protected. "I'll always be here to protect you…" Normality So! How was it? Next chapter will be Poseidon point of view of this encounter and you will know what he and Sally had been talking about. I'll be explain more about Rhea in the course of the story, but if you want to know, just asks. Oh, and if there's anyone interested in being my beta or if you know anyone who would be willing to take the job then, please, send a review or a PM! I would appreciate the help. :) Hope you liked the story and, please, leave a review, follow, favorite or just send me a PM! - Cissnei. PS: I have a list of SI stories of Naruto and Katekyo Hitman Reborn, but I just found only one in Percy Jackson so far… Anyone knows a SI story in the PJ Category? Please, tell me if you do. Thank you. PPS: For those who are reading Brave it Out and waiting for a update, I ask for patience. After thinking for a while, I decided to stop and edit and correct the mistakes in the grammar that were pointed in the reviews and PMs. It will take a while since I'm always finding a mistake here and there (and my tests will be starting next week, so I have to study). But if everything goes as I want it to, then I'll be updating before 28 of this month.