know who we where. I don't think I've ever saw you three back at Camp Half-Blood or at Camp Jupiter for that matter," Nico asked. "Nico" Leo said finally realizing that these three girls must be the ones they've been looking for. "I can't believe this, this can't be happening! Renea we have to tell them," Noelle said. "Um tell us about what? " Coach asked. "It's about a book series called the Percy Jackson and I think… the Heroes of Olympus too. Noelle and Renea keep trying to get me to read them, "Angel explained as they leaned against the back wall. "Wait... what! I didn't know my boyfriend had a book" Nico said. "HEY! No fair, why does he get one" Leo said. "You and Percy finally got together! Ha I knew it!" Noelle said while jumping up and down before giving Renea a small high five earning them a stare from Nico as he tried not to blush. "YES! I knew it! Nico di Angelo does look adorable when he blushes. I wasn't sure if the movies could actually get that accurately," Noelle rambled on while an ecstatic grin on her face and couldn't stop jumping a little. Nico was surprised at Noelle's outburst before he resumed the blushing and buried his head in his hands and groaned. "Really, I already hear that enough from Kelp Head." "NICO DI ANGELO, LEO VALDEZ and you three there are way more important things than those books. We have a quest to focus on here. I swear I don't know why I keep doing this. Are you three just gonna stand there and wait for a Cyclops to attack or something? Get in here, we don't have all day! We have to get you guys back to Camp Half-Blood as soon as possible, hopefully before a monster attacks us again." Coach grumbled. "Okay, okay. Don't worry there aren't any monsters here. Well none that we've seen," Noelle said as she walked in the elevator followed by Renea .Angel stood just outside the doors. "Come on Angel, "Renea said tapping her fingers at the elevator door frame. "I don't know about this Renea," Angel said. "Why, what wrong? " Renea asked. "Angel are you coming or what?" Noelle said smiling "Noelle, Renea! You guys aren't serious. Three of your favorite book characters just happen to show up. And now you two want to go along with them to some camp. Don't you see they probably ARE that Cyclops thingy what ever they where talking about. I'm going home Renea before this day gets any weirder!" Angel said. "Hold on you can't just leave!" Leo said taking a step forward as Nico blocked him by his arm and shock his head. Renea held back a laugh as she grabbed Angel's hand and pulled her towards the elevator doors. "Angel hold on a second. The monster they where talking is called a Cyclopes. You know the one with only one eye. Everything is okay. You remember how Noelle and I talked to you about that camp called Camp Half-Blood, "Renea said. "Yeah I remember. It's a camp for Greek demigods , people who a half god and half human. And there's another one for roman gods too. Camp Jupiter I think" Angel said. "I taught her so well," Noelle said smiling. "Yeah because that's all you guys ever talk about!" Angel said. "Yep. Well it's not everything." Renea said. "Anyway Leo and Nico are cool. They're demigod heroes too and they came from Camp Half-Blood, so you don't have to worry. And Coach over here is a Satyr. They're kind of like a protector and lead demigods back to camp. Isn't that why you three are here is because your looking for some demigods?" Noelle said. "Hold on I though we were the ones who were suppose to explain all that!" Leo said. "More or less. But yeah to sum it up where looking for three demigods and it seems that you three are them. Nice going explaining there, "Coach grunted. "First thing first. How about some introductions it'll make thing go by a little easier. You guys tell us your names. You three obvious know our names. "Nico said. "Alright I'll go first. I'm Noelle "she said grinning as she reached her hand out. Leo chuckled a little and shook her hand. "Nice meeting you Noelle. Do you come here often?" Leo said grinning he couldn't resist making a joke out of a lame check line. "Really Leo?" Nico said as he gave her a small smile as he took Noelle's hand. That's when her face broke into a huge grin and started ranting again, "I just shook Nico Di Angelo's hand. This is the best day of my life!" Nico looked at her confused since he wasn't use to this kind of behavior. Noelle started to look embarrassed, "Sorry, but you were always one of my favorite characters in your boyfriend's book. I really thought you were awesome. That was mostly all Renea and I talked about. Between wanting you and Percy to go out and really how strong you are from all you've been though," Nico just slowly nodded his head while smiling sadly before the Coach nodded his head then looked over towards the other two. "I'm Renea and this is my little sister, Angel," Renea said throwing her hand up in a small wave three fingers. Then held her hand out for Leo and Nico to shake. "Hey, like she said I'm Angel," Angel said as she smiled tacking the boy's hands. "Okay now that we at least now know each others names. We can start making our way back to camp" Nico said. "Wait! Can stop at our houses first. We need to pack our bags for the journey back to camp. It won't take us long," Noelle said. "Ugh, fine. This is gonna be a long trip back to camp, I just know it." Coach groaned.