a "housewarming/leaving camp for the real world" gift. They had it filled with pictures of you and Percy that people took throughout the years, along with pictures of you with some other friends. Percy walks into the room as you're opening the book. You ask him if he wants to join you on a trip down memory lane, and he happily agrees, cuddling up next to you on the bed as you open the photo album. The first picture shows you and Percy at age 12, sometime after your first quest. You're rolling your eyes at the camera, but you've got a smirk on your face while Percy is cracking up at his own joke. Grover took the picture while the three of you were just hanging out around camp. You're both so young and at peace, it makes you smile. "Look how annoyed you are at me!" Percy says, chuckling. "Some things never change." You glance through more pictures. There's one of you, Percy, and Grover, probably thirteen, sitting at the campfire, smiling at the camera. You don't know who took that one, maybe Tyson? There's another one of Percy and Thalia pretend-glaring at each other in full armor. You remember taking that picture after a game of capture the flag, where they were on opposite teams. You turn through more pages, soaking in the memories. Out of the corner of your eye, you see Percy smiling to himself. There's a picture of him squatting next to Zeus's fist after it crushed Kampe during the battle of the labyrinth. He's flashing a peace sign at the camera, which you can't help but roll your eyes at. Then there's another picture of the two of you- it's a little bit awkward because it was during that liking-each-other-but-not-doing-anything-about-it phase, when you two were fifteen. You're sitting a little bit too close together, and you're both half-smiling. Regardless, it's a happy picture. Finally, you get to pictures where the two of you are dating. It's another campfire picture, but Percy has his arm around your waist and your smiles look genuine. There's a picture that one of the Aphrodite girls took, and you all posed as a joke. You're pressing a kiss to his cheek while he's giving a thumbs up, which is still funny to you. "We should really recreate that one." You tell Percy, who's laughing. There's a long gap in time between that picture and the next one. Not long after the picture is when Percy went missing, and then the Prophecy of the Seven was underway. The next picture is one that Percy took of you and Jason. You're sitting next to Jason by the canoe lake, flipping off the camera with no expression while Jason is laughing. Percy had probably said something stupid to get that reaction. There's a couple pictures of you and Piper, including one where she's braiding your hair and you're looking at the camera with a helpless expression. There's also a few of Percy, Frank, and Hazel smiling with their arms around each other. Percy bursts out laughing when you get to the picture of Leo dabbing and you yelling at him. "Iconic," he mutters, shaking his head. There's a picture Piper took of you and Percy kissing at the campfire when you thought no one was looking, and certainly thought no one was pointing a camera at you. You groaned at Piper to delete it when you found out, but she never did, and you're actually kind of glad. It's a cute picture. That's the last picture that your friends put in the scrapbook. When they gave it to you, there were a few empty pages dedicated for future photos. Percy has added a few since then, like the one of you doing a fake model pose in a onesie that he bought for you as a joke. There's also a few with Percy's mom, smiling sweetly next to the two of you. The last picture as of now is one Grover took when he came to visit the week before, where you and Percy are trying to bake cookies and failing desperately. He has dough all over his face and clothes, and he's looking at you. Your hair is a mess and you're shooting a help us look at the camera. Percy closes the book and returns it to its spot under the bed. "That was nice. I forgot about most of those." He says, yawning. "Tired?" you ask. He nods, and climbs back into bed, pulling the covers over the two of you. You cuddle up next to him, placing a hand on his chest. "I'm really glad we grew out of that awkward 15 year old phase. Those photos were painful." "Agreed. Thank god I'm comfortable enough now to do this." Percy says, then tilts your head up slightly and kisses you. You smile into it and kiss him back, moving your hand from his chest to his neck. This could easily go somewhere, turn into something more than just kissing, but you're both perfectly content to just lay there pressed up against each other, just enjoying each other's presence. You start to doze off as you listen to the steady sound of Percy's breathing. You open an eye, though, when you feel Percy reach for the camera, and lift it over the two of you. You bury your head in his chest, not really wanting your face in the picture. Percy looks at the camera with soft eyes and a small smile, and pushes the shutter. "That'll be the next addition." He says, returning his arm to your waist. In that moment, everything was right in your world. There's no working crisis, no Tartarus, not even groceries to buy or dishes to wash. With your head on Percy's chest you're completely at ease, and you know that feeling will last as long as he's next to you. "I love you," you tell him, and he loves you too.