it's been a year and I really don't deserve you, but I want to ask for a second chance. I-" "Get out." Annabeth said quietly. Luke's forehead creased. "What?" "I said get out. Don't come back, ever." The blond girl's voice cracked. "Please." "Annabeth..." Luke stepped towards her as if to comfort her, but Percy's instincts took over. He stepped in front of the older boy. "Leave." Percy said, his voice coming out harsher than he had intended. "Now." Luke rolled his eyes. "Who are you?" "Percy Jackson, I'm Annabeth's best friend." Percy gritted his teeth. The blond boy stared at Percy intently. Finally, with an almost sorry shake of his head, he said, "You love her." Percy's eyes closed. "Get out." He said when he opened them again. "Don't you dare come back. Don't touch her. Ever." "Since when is this your business?" Luke hissed. "Since you so obviously scared her!" Percy yelled, "All of New York knows that Annabeth is one of the most able women ever. The fact that your presence scares her makes it my business. Get. Out." Percy said. At that moment, he would have fought Luke Castellan. However, the college boy got the idea. "Fine. Goodbye." He turned around. "Love you, Annabeth." Luke said. He left. When Percy turned around, Annabeth was standing there, limply looking at the area where Luke had stood. "Annabeth-" "I loved him." Percy stumbled backwards. His heart broke. "Oh." he said, "Okay." Annabeth tilted her head at him. "You're so stupid." She sighed. "What?" Percy looked up at her, his spiked emotions making him more offended than he should have been. "Excuse me? I just defended you ,and you're insulting me?" Annabeth's eyes blazed. "Oh my God, you're so thick headed, I hate it!" Her hands flew up to rub her temples. "Yeah? Well then you don't have to deal with it! I'm tired of your crap, always insulting me and never, ever being satisfied with me or saying thank you. It's getting annoying!" Percy yelled. Annabeth yelled right back, "Then leave, you idiots!" She picked up her broom and swept it towards him. Quick as lightning, Percy met her with his own broom. They met each other like that for a long while, their pent up emotions being let loose and hurling frustrated insults at each other. "It's no wonder you like Poseidon. Both your brains are full of water!" Percy met her thrust hard, and Annabeth's broom flew out of her hand. "It's no wonder you're into Athena. You're both arrogant, short-tempered brats!" Annabeth screamed and round house kicked Percy's stomach. He swept it out of the way and grabbed her by the waist, spinned her around so that he was grabbing her from behind. His initial emotions were dying down, replaced by a dawning of realization: "I loved him." She had said. Loved. As in, past tense. He was caught by surprise as she elbowed his stomach. Before Annabeth could get away, Percy caught her wrist and dragged her towards him, clutching her tight. "I'm sorry." He blurted out, and Annabeth raised a brow. "What?" "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have reacted the way I did." He leaned his forehead on hers. "It's just..." He sighed, and sat down, dragging her towards the ground with him. She collapsed on top of him, a tangle of limbs. "You're my Achilles heel." he said, and waited for a reaction. Annabeth remembered their talk on her roof, a few weeks ago. "I am?" She asked. Percy nodded. "You know, I'd do anything for you. I'd hold up the world for you if you asked." Annabeth stared at him, cheeks slightly pink but daring as ever. She leaned forward. "I love you." She said, and kissed him. When she pulled away, Percy smiled at her. "I'm in love with you." He responded, and leaned in to kiss her again. The dojo was left just a little dusty that night. ... The Fourth of July came, and Annabeth went with Percy. That was their first official date as a couple. They went with Grover and his girlfriend, Juniper. After the fireworks, the two couples went off on their own dates. Annabeth and Percy settled for a quiet walk before going to a nearby Italian restaurant. "You're better." Annabeth said, breaking the silence. She was staring at their joined hands with a certain fascination, as if their hands together was magic. And maybe it was. "What do you mean?" Percy asked, genuinely confused. "I mean that you're better to me and my family than anyone I've ever dated. You're kind. You tell me what's wrong and never give up on anything you start. You're loyal, though I'll admit that sometimes you get in trouble for it. Sure, we argue, but that's okay. You're funny and you're just better. You're so much better than anything I could ask for." During Annabeth's small speech, Percy had been staring at her. Now, she blushed at his attention. "Annabeth." He said in a slightly sing-song voice. "Look at me, Annabeth." Begrudgingly, she did. "I am in love with you, and I don't know how you could love a giant idiot like me, but you do, and I'm so happy because you're so beautiful and way out of my league. Thank you so much for loving me. Don't ever stop." He kissed her, "I'm sorry. I suck at declaring my love. I sound like an awkward platypus." Annabeth let out a laugh, "Seaweed Brain." She said, and bumped her shoulder against his. "Wise Girl." He said back. They kept walking like that, with their joined hands and happy smiles. They kept loving each other, being each other's Achilles heel, and being good, and right. And real. "There are the hands of fate. You're my Achilles heel: This is the golden age of something good, and right, and real." ~Taylor Swift, State of Grace. Thanks for reading, everyone! Please leave reviews if you'd like more Percabeth. God bless, Joss.