I shrugged. Hazel produced another quarter from nowhere and gave it to me. I called Helen, with Hazel standing nearby and Nico a little further away, slouching on a bench. My aunt finally picked up her phone. "Hello? Who is this?" she asked, clearly irritated. "Hi Helen. It's me," I replied. "Claire?! Where are you? You should have been home an hour ago!" she scolded "I know, but I was…" "No excuses. You're grounded! Tell me where you are. I'm coming to pick you up now." "I'm in Eugene," I told her. "Eugene! How did you get there?! What have you been up to?" "How should I know? These weird teenagers showed up and..." Hazel took the phone from me and spoke calmly to my aunt. "Excuse me, um, Helen. My name is Hazel. Your niece is a very special girl, but she's in danger. My brother and I can take her somewhere safe." Helen groaned. "I was hoping I wouldn't have to take her to camp until she was thirteen. I just wanted her to have a normal childhood." "So, you know what's going on?" Hazel asked, surprised. "Yeah. I have a pretty good idea. I guess I couldn't keep her hidden forever." "Well, Claire's scent has been caught by a pack of runaway hellhounds my brother and I were leading to Hollywood…" Hazel talked to my aunt for another minute, but I didn't hear the rest. I was too busy thinking. Were all the stories my aunt told me true? They had to be. Those monsters were real enough. But if Helen had already known about all that stuff, why hadn't she told me? I sat on the bench with a thud. I think most kids would have been excited in my place, but I was terrified. Nothing ended well for the demigods in greek myths. For the rest of my life I would have to deal with monsters and vengeful gods and whatever miserable story the fates wanted to entertain themselves with at my expense. "Claire?" Hazel prompted gently. "You're going to come with Nico and I…" "What?!" Nico and I cried at the same time. "Nico, they've caught her scent. She won't be safe anymore," Hazel explained. "Claire, your aunt and I agreed you could come to Camp Jupiter with me for a little while so you can be claimed. You can go home in about a week to finish the school year. Then you can go to Camp Half-blood during the summer. I have a great friend there that I know will make you feel welcome." I was still trying to digest this information when I heard a howl nearby. "Are you kidding me?!" I screamed. I wanted to punch those dogs that had changed my life so dramatically. I turned to face the dogs and snarled back at them. "Woah! Calm down," Hazel cried. "Nico, we need to leave now. They're close enough." Nico nodded, grabbed Hazel's hand, and we were gone again. For the next few hours we shadow travelled, leading the hellhounds back to Hollywood. Apparently it's the land of fake tans, fake smiles, and the entrance to the underworld. Along the way Hazel told me stories of Camp Jupiter and the last big demigod war. I don't know what Nico's problem was, but the longer we were together the more he seemed to hate me. We finally arrived at the Hollywood sign around 8:00, exhausted. I hadn't even been shadow travelling and I was feeling fatigued. We rested, and when the hellhounds finally showed up Nico raised a bunch of skeletons out of the ground and forced them into the underworld. Hazel and I said goodbye and took off for Camp Jupiter. When we got there, Hazel was greeted by her big, Asian boyfriend and a couple people in purple t-shirts. We all walked to a fancy marble pavilion and Hazel told everyone about the hellhounds and finding me. I suddenly had a lot of curious looks when they found out I was unclaimed. Hazel's boyfriend introduced himself as Frank, a son of Mars, and praetor of the twelfth legion. He and Hazel began discussing what to do with me while I was at camp. Suddenly the ground shook and a small fissure opened up. A little wisp of smoke came up from the ground and formed a vague, shadowy figure. "Lord Hades claims his daughter," it rasped., pointing a translucent finger at me before dissolving. For several moments no one moved. Hazel wrapped me in a hug. "That makes you my sister! Come on, you can stay with me." "Um, okay?" I was still a little shocked. Nico came back the next day, and when he found out about me being a daughter of Hades he seemed angry. The next couple days were packed with cram courses in controlling my new powers and sword fighting. Nico taught me how to shadow-travel and manipulate shadows, but he didn't seem to like me any better after the week was up. After all that I had to go home and pretend everything was normal. That lasted about a week, and I ended up at Camp Half-Blood a couple months early. That was almost three years ago. Since then I've been living at Camp Half-Blood year-round since then. Last year Annabeth announced that a third, integrated camp was being built in The Middle of Nowhere, Utah in the hopes that both Romans and Greeks could learn to live together peacefully. So now I'm here at Camp Parthenon, starting this journal. Most of the demigods here are keeping journals. I guess someone on Olympus thought it would be a good idea for demigods to start documenting their lives and Annabeth, the Camp Director, agreed. *This story began as a collaboration with my close friends: Laine Romney, Lily Bingham, Talia McKinney, and Sarah Oliverson. If their journals become available, I will post links at the bottom of my chapters so you can read the journals together.*