so much time with her in these past four years. You have only come around whenever any of you need money. When I told Alex that she had passed away he was only concerned about when we would be reading the will as well as Sarah. Andy had the same concerns and hung up as soon as I finished saying she was dead. Well Tracy had asked for a favor when I called when she thought I was her mother. None of you even wanted to help with the funeral arrangements. So why she left you anything is what really confuses me." and with that I turned around and stormed off. I couldn't understand why such a wonderful like had such awful children. Now back to where I was at. As I was looking at the sky the ground shuddered. "Oh no." I quickly got up when I heard a roar. I turned to see... It couldn't be. The beast had one eye and was ten feet. He roared again and pointed at me. "You can't run from me child I am the best there is." He roared and then he ran towards me. I took off and ran down the hill. As I was running I could see this other huge hill with a tall pine tree. A little farther from there was a light coming from a cabin. Thank god I ran faster to my new destination. After about thirty seconds of running I could see two figures coming up the hill. I've never been much for religion but thank you god. "Help! Help me please!" I shouted waving my arms as I was running. This turned out to be a bad idea because the next thing I know I'm rolling down the hill and it is a big hill. As soon as I reached the bottom I took off like a bullet. I could see the figures running towards me. "No one can help you now. I'll destroy every single demigod you throw at me!" He shouted it sounded as if he was only a couple feet away from. I turned around and it turned out he was only ten feet away. I turned back to the figures that I could now make out are a teenage boy and girl. They were about twenty feet away from me. I felt another shudder right next to me. He was getting closer and slamming his feet harder. "Please hurry!" I yelled towards the two teenagers. They were only five feet away from me. The girl had her blond hair in a ponytail and the boy was carrying... "No way." I stopped in my tracks and I could hear them talking to each other. "Annabeth you take her to camp and I'll deal with Cyclopes." He ran past me not bothering to wait for a response. He charged at the monster carrying a sword. I felt my arm being grabbed and tugged in the direction of the camp. "Come on we need to get you to safety." Annabeth said. I couldn't move I was completely frozen just staring at the boy fighting a monster. I know I've seen some crazy stuff and could do crazy stuff but it's different to see other people do it. She tugged at my arm harder. "We need to go now Percy could handle himself." As soon as the sentence was out of her mouth the Cyclopes swatted at Percy like he was just annoying fly buzzing around him. Percy's body fell ten feet away and just stood slumped there. "Percy!" The girl screamed. She let go of my arm and pulled out a small dagger and charged at the monster. "You really think you can take me little girl with the small toothpick." He started laughing. It was interrupted with a loud roar when Annabeth stabbed his foot. Before he could stomp on her she ran to his other foot and attempted to stab him again. But this time he saw it coming and kicked her as easily as if she was a rock. She fell right next to Percy who was now slowly waking up. I heard a small groan come from Annabeth but I didn't have much time to process that she was alright because the Cyclopes was making his way towards me. "I told you that I would destroy you all." He said with an evil smile. He was walking slowly towards me. I couldn't stop shaking. I heard a yell come from where Percy was. "Catch!" He said and through a small object at me. When I got it I realized it was a pen. "What the hell am I gonna do with a pen!" I screamed angrily at him. "Open the cap." He said with a smirk. Meanwhile the Cyclopes was five feet away from me still smiling and strolling towards me. I opened the cap and it transformed to the sword he was holding. The Cyclopes stopped for a second with a shocked look on his face. He started walking towards me again. "Do you really think that's going to help you?" He asked rhetorically laughing. I still was shocked I've never used a sword before. What was I suppose to do with this? He was in front of me now smiling down evilly at me. "Time to die demigod." That shocked me out of my frozen state. I started getting pissed. Pissed at everything that had happened to me the last couple of weeks, my whole life. at my family for not fighting for me, my mom for not caring about me, my father for leaving me with my terrible mother, children for being so selfish, and just the world for using me as its punching bag. I heard a ringing sound in my ears and yelled. "Ahhh!" I slammed the sword in his foot and he started turning to ice. When he was completely frozen he exploded into a million pieces. And then I passed out.