whole. "I still don't get why you think anyone wants me here." "We've been over this di Angelo, no one at camp actually hates you, you're just imagining it," Will said testily as he walked around the room picking up bloody bandages. Nico trailed behind him, being careful to avoid bumping into any of the cots people were recovering on. "Debatable, but I mean here in the infirmary! No one wants a son of Hades at their deathbed!" Will turned around sharply, causing Nico to walk straight into a cot and mumble an apology at the person who was sleeping there. "Have you ever thought that maybe someone would like the son of the god of the dead to tell them that they're not going to die? No one believes me, I'm a healer. I'm obligated to say something like that. But coming from a son of Hades, that's powerful." "But what if they are actually dying?" "Then you can get someone's attention. You'd be surprised how many good people we've lost just because we don't recognize how bad their condition is." "I…I…" "Are you done arguing now? Good. Go get me some nectar, I need to clean Nikki's wounds again." "di Angelo! Nico! Come on, man, don't do this!" "Is there anything else you can try?" "What's happening to Uncle Nico?" "There's nothing I can do!" Will shouted in frustration. "He's just… fading away. There's nothing... I… can… do." Everyone still gathered around frowned at Will's sudden hesitation. "What is it?" He couldn't answer, just pointed down at Nico who was all of a sudden more than solid once again. He was practically… he was… glowing. "But… how?" "Maybe this is some blessing from Apollo. He's fading into shadows, so maybe Dad as the god of sun can help…" Will said, trialing off. It didn't seem like last time when Hades had appeared, where he solidified and then faded again. The only thing that faded after a few moments was the glow, leaving him looking almost the same as ever. Will was the first to reach him, already fumbling with a canteen of nectar hanging at his hip. He flipped the lid open, then reached out to tip Nico's mouth open. He could touch him. The nectar went down without much of any trouble. Jason let go of Piper and his children to move closer. He gripped his cousin's arm and was relieved to find he actually could. "Nico?" He stirred. "Nico, man, it's me, Jason." His eyes opened. "It is done." "So, Nico my main Death Boy, what will you be having today?" "How many times do I have to tell you to not call me that, Valdez?" "At least a couple thousand more," the Latino said with a grin as he filled up a glass with a pale yellow liquid. Probably just for his own amusement, he slipped a pink and purple umbrella in the mix too. "So, what's up?" he asked, pushing the glass towards Nico and pouring himself his own. Nico looked around the shop instead. "You two really have made something here." Leo grinned. "And you all thought I was crazy when I said I was opening up Leo and Calypso's Garage to humans, demigods, and gods. It's been great." "Is she going to be singing later tonight?" "You wish, man. Who am I kidding, I wish. Nah, she's too busy with the kids." Nico took a swig of the drink. "So, what is it di Angelo? What's on your mind?" "Maybe I just wanted to stop by." Leo raised an eyebrow. "My wife's lemonade is good. It's not that good. What's up?" Nico swirled the drink with the umbrella. "I met Jason today." Leo paused, the drink halfway to his mouth. "Really?" "Yeah. He's a half white, half Mexican son of Athena if you can believe that. And his name is Juan. But I recognize his soul." "Is this is second or third rebirth?" Leo asked, frowning. "Third. If he makes it through this one alright… Isles of Blest." Leo smiled. "If anyone could make it, Jason could." "He'll be alright." "What about you?" "What about me?" Nico asked, defensively. "Well, they're all rebirthing or enjoying party-town. I'm stuck here, but at least I've got my spanking hot wife. What about you di Angelo?" "There's always a new adventure. And I like helping the younger demigods. I don't want to be that god." Leo snorted. "Amen. Uh huh, demigods are totally cool here. I helped this kid out finding my dad's forges the other day. He was afraid I was going to make him scrub the floors after the last monster attack, or find some haywire machine, or kill a squid for Friday special gumbo. I had him try some of Calypso's new recipe and see if he liked it. That was it." Nico smirked, then downed the rest of the lemonade. "If only our quests went that easy. Well, I'll be going—" "Hey, Nico." The minor god froze. "I know I chose this and you didn't, but… if you're ever getting the immortal blues, we Seven Prophecy folks have got to stick together, right?" "I wasn't a part of the Prophecy, Leo." "Sure you were. You may not have been mentioned in the prophecy itself, but without you we would have failed a bunch of times over. You were important. And even if we weren't that close then, we got to stick together now, right?" The normally sarcastic Latino's eyes were completely serious. Nico stared. "… thanks, Leo." "If you're ever interested, Calypso makes some mean chocolate chip cookies. She got Sally Jackson's recipe a few centuries ago, minus the blue part. You're free to come over any time." This time, he was more sincere. "It almost doesn't seem right to eat Sally Jackson food that's not blue. But thanks, Leo." "No problem, Death Boy." "Don't call me Death Boy!" "I've got eternity to call you that, why would I stop now!"