but that was because nobody else could, and he almost turned himself into a ghost doing so. He had almost killed Reyna and Coach Hegde. If he had been any more off, they'd have to shadow travel again. And then Nico really would have killed them with himself, along with obliterating the Athena Parthenos. Not to mention the fact that the two camps would be at war, simultaneously against each other and the primordial goddess of literally anything they stood on. "I'm not any of that." Nico said, in an embarrassingly small voice, staring at the ceiling. "Well, broody maybe, but the other stuff? Not at all." This was awkward. Nico was so used to looking at his feet and crossing his arms over his chest, grumbling in Italian, whenever someone said anything that he didn't agree with. Now, if he looked down, he'd be greeted with the face of the stupid cheeky healer, who currently was laying on his arm, immobilizing it, and close enough to hear his mutterings. Dammit. "What was that?" Will asked, and Nico could imagine the insulted look on his face. "I'm sorry, I must still be asleep, because you didn't just say that." Nico just rolled his eyes and scoffed. Will should have known Nico long enough to know that's what his reaction would be. "Not at all heroic? Excuse you, who was the one who volunteered to bring back a giant statue that would prevent the ending of the world? Not to mention the fact that you moved halfway across Europe and crossed an ocean with it? Or how you survived Tartarus, alone? Beat all those monsters, stayed alive in literally the pits of hell . You have amazing abilities, underworld-y or not. You're one of the best people I've ever known with a sword. You convinced your father to set aside a grudge, and help kill Kronos himself. You survived for years on your own as a child of the big three out in the Labyrinth. You traveled between camps before any of us knew the other existed. You gave Hazel a second chance at life and Elysium. You, sir, are literally the bravest person I'll ever know." Will finished his rant a bit breathless, and Nico was too confused to breathe at the moment. At some point in the lecture, they both had sat up, and while Nico was left swinging his legs over the edge of the cot, Will had begun to pace the generically tiled floor. And right now, the hard set determined look that his best friend was giving him, with Will's blue eyes lit with a new type of shine, and how his stern look had cracked into a grin, Nico wasn't sure if he was going to start breathing again. Will walked right up to Nico, plopped his hands on either side of Nico's hips, and stared him straight in the eyes, his face inches away from Nico's own, making him forget about how the hell had he figured out so much about him. "And I can continue going on, so I think it's time you opened up those gods-damned eyes of yours for half a second and recognize how fucking amazing you actually are." Yup. That's official. Nico was not going to be breathing normally ever again. But what really shocked Nico was the fact that Will, William actual 5 year old Solace , would actually use a cuss word, which meant he was really a) passionate about it or b) annoyed by it. Neither was making much of any sense. And since Nico wasn't in much of a state of response, he just looked to his lap, tangling his fingers together. The next time Will spoke, it was in such a hushed tone, Nico wouldn't have caught it if Will wasn't still 3 inches away from him. "Hey," Nico's chin was suddenly lifted up by a warm hand, leaving him nowhere to look but the two sky blue orbs in front of him. "You ok?" Nico swallowed whatever response that was trying to make its way out, and nodded. He didn't exactly trust his brain right now, he could either say something snarky like planned, or mention how much he wanted to kiss Will at the moment. "Uh, y-yeah." The son of Apollo looked like he was scrutinizing every inch of Nico's face, and Nico felt his face heat up. "You're a bit red. Are you sick?" Damn his blushing. Actually, anyone in their right mind would blush if the hottest guy they knew was inches from your face and talking in that tone of voice. Damn solace. "Solace. I'm fine." Nico hoped his voice sounded stronger than it did to him. He just rolled his eyes for extra emphasis. That should make up for it, right? "Do I really have to stick you in the infirmary for even longer? You need to start caring about your health, death boy." If Will wanted to have a decent conversation, he was going to need to get his freaking gorgeous face at least two feet away from Nico's. "Alright then, sunshine , make me." A smirk played on Nico's face. "Alright then." Nico tried his best to ignore the smirk to match his own, but for some reason it looked so much better on Will. Nico looked into Will's eyes, daring him to do something. Apparently it worked, because moments later, Will was leaning in and... Oh. Oh. Will Solace was kissing him. Will. Fucking. Solace. Good gods. Nico couldn't help it when his eyes fluttered shut, and he wrapped his arms around Solace's waist, tugging him ever closer. It was a short kiss, but it was definitely enough. "You know what, Solace, the infirmary might not be that bad." "You're such an idiot." Will laughed, ruffling Nico's hair. "A cute idiot." ... Woop woop Kuhlare12 here I return with more trash because I am so far down in Solangleo hell it isn't even funny anymore