a woman. However, unlike Amazon, I not treat men like toys. I hear a voice in the family entry: "Yes, but for me it has returned." We turned to see Ares, who seem there for some time. "Ares?" Hylla was astonished. "For some time I was waiting for that. Before I had given you for Amazons, I knew you would be a failure." "I thought she had gone on her own." Thalia said, but not much surprise. "She also said she was released by one of my most powerful children, which is now immortal, because it caused fear in him? And did not she just run away on a raft? Frankly, it only entered the Amazon because the old boss, who had lost an arm, gave because it would be an unfair fight! "Ares said as he walked up Hylla. "I fear a long time to unnecessary speech, Ares." I said, but deep down I was enjoying this. "Do not worry; you can go now if you want. The Amazon is my business." Ares did not even wait Hylla to take the belt from her, quickly took off her waist and hit her in the head so hard that she passed out on the floor. "What will happen to her?" Thalia said, looking a little worried about his attitude. "I will hinder her return in the best possible way. I will treat her the same way she treated her sister when she came here." Ares sneered. "I mean to tie her in a chair with a bag on his head?" Irene said excited about the idea. "That's right, in a dark, abandoned, and sealed and if you persist, I give a worn knife for her to let go." Ares sneered, leading to Hylla over his shoulder. "I do not approve of that, but since she likes that sort of thing, it is better to receive the medicine itself. Hunters, let's go and do not forget to bring the bodies of our sisters." We left a little before dark and furnace to a deserted port. I called my naiads, who helped us to avoid any unforeseen in the Monster Sea, to bring the most practical boat to take us to Florida. The trip would take two days, so we have prepared the shroud for my hunters. Then, when we saw the Puerto Rico disappear on the horizon, Thalia asked me: "Lady Artemis, I wanted to ask you something." "What?" "I know you should know about Camp Jupiter, but you never told us their hunting on that?" "Thalia, in fact all the others already knew this and in fact some of them were Roman." Thalia understandably was shocked. "Why would I never know?" "I wish I had just counted upon when you became my hunter, but some Olympians feared that this was an opportunity for Greek and Roman demigod's traitors to join." "And did you know about my brother?" "The Oath of the three great values both in Greek as Roman form, then Jupiter also had to ignore it for a while, mostly Pluto and Neptune. And so I did not." "And when he was claimed?" "It was right after we defeated Kronos, while your brother defeated Krios. After Percy Jackson annulled the oath and the prophecy was revealed, Jupiter decided to admit all about it. Then, you know what happened." "I see," Thalia said thoughtfully, "but and now that prophecy just means that she could avenge the will? Jason and others will have problems, or rather, they are well?" I got the impression she was holding that question. She did not want to think that their friends must is dead because she cannot help. "Your brother and his friends are fine except for Leo Valdez. He supposedly exploded to help destroy Gaia." "Leo? I did not know it right, but somehow I was surprised. I feel for my brother." I remember what Aphrodite said and had the feeling that that boy would not be interested in returning so fast, but I did not want to discuss it so I told him about what happened to my brother and Jason. "So Apollo will stay at Camp Half Blood for a while?" "Do not worry; campers will survive because it is not as difficult as Dionysus." I said jest, making Thalia laugh. "True. I do not know what will happen now as we no longer prophecy, as it can is happening now, but those involved should have no idea what to do." "Yes, but it should not underestimate force of destiny. I'm sure that Apollo will recover his gift." "And my brother will have a lot of work to build the temples, maybe it can do Hera give up any idea against him or something." Thalia seemed suspicious of something. Maybe she thinks I'm handling it as well as the other gods do with mortals? That I know more of what I am saying? "Thalia, I promise that you can always trust me. Juno is responsible for most of manipulation in Olympus and just because some of them have their own plans, this does not mean that I agree with them." "I know, Lady Artemis. I never stopped trusting you, do not worry." She smiled. "All right then." Then Irene approached anxious: "Lady Artemis, I received news of other hunters, they managed thirteen demigods and led them to close the camp." "With a group this size, surely they will attract many monsters and move slowly, but my hunters may take it up to reach it. Well, now we must rest." And we leave to our rooms. I, like the other gods, can I use the divine form to restore the fatigue in human form. It would be much faster, but I like to sleep as mortals because then I relate better with the hunters. In addition, after having lost some of my hunting, I needed a break. I fell asleep blessing my hunter who would be protecting the demigods on the continent. Continue