he worked on her leg. Sophie sent a pained expression to Percy, who smiled comfortingly. "Let me tell you about Camp Half-Blood," he started, intending to distract her from the pain. Will was faster. "Done! Your leg is all cleaned and bandaged," Will exclaimed, "Good job, Sophie." "Am I done?" asked Sophie hopefully. "I'm afraid not," answered Will reluctantly, "You've got one more on your side and another smaller one by your shoulder." "Oh…" Sophie responded shakily. "We'll take it slow and easy," comforted Will, "Don't hesitate to tell me to stop if you need a break, alright?" Cleaning out the gash on her side hurt a lot more than the one on her leg. "Ah…" Sophie whimpered. She had turned on her side so Will could work on the wound more easily, and Percy stood in front of her, holding her hand. "It hurts," she managed to say to Percy, tears forcing their way out of her eyes. "I know, I'm sorry," said Percy, internally wincing himself, as he handed her a paper towel to wipe her tears, "but you know what? You're doing better than Annabeth did," he winked. Focusing on the distraction, she asked, "Who's Annabeth?" "My girlfriend," answered Percy readily and with a twinkle in his eyes, "but don't tell her I said that, okay?" he laughed, and Sophie managed a slight giggle. "Done!" announced Will from behind Sophie. "You're doing great, very brave," he encouraged, "just one more little one on your shoulder okay?" As Will applied a bandage to her side, Sophie asked Percy, "Do you have younger brothers or sisters?" "About a hundred," answered Percy with a small chuckle, and at her startled expression, "I'm just kidding!" "Technically I have one, Tyson, he's a Cyclops – adorable," winked Percy, such that Sophie did not know if he was being serious, "but I also think of the younger campers here as my little siblings." "Oh," said Sophie. "Percy's a veteran in Camp," laughed Will from behind her, "He's one of our leaders." Percy grinned and waved off the teasing compliment. "And so are you, Will," he returned amusedly. Sophie smiled softly, noticing the camaraderie between both of them. "If one of my parents is a Greek god," she began curiously, "how do I know which one?" "Claiming," said both Will and Percy together. "Your godly parent will claim you by uh... making a flaming sign appear above your head, usually their sacred symbol." Percy explained. "Oh," said Sophie again. How embarrassing, she thought. "Who is your parent, Percy?" "Poseidon, god of-" Percy trailed off - inviting her to take a guess. "-the... sea?" guessed Sophie. "Well done. So you do know a little about Greek mythology then?" Percy smiled. "I read a lot," murmured Sophie shyly. Percy could tell. In fact, the expression Sophie carried on her face when thinking was uncannily similar to his Wise Girl. Even her eyes were the same colour. The only exception was her hair, which was coloured a charming light brown. She's like an adorable, brown-haired miniature Annabeth, Percy chuckled to himself. "Okay Sophie, here comes the last one right by your shoulder - just hang in there, you're doing a great job." said Will with his nectar-dipped cloth. Sophie grimaced as the stinging sensation came again. "Ow..." she complained. Percy felt for her - she looked absolutely miserable. "Here, I want to show you something," said Percy, as he got two paper cups and filled one up with water from a tap next to the bed. Her interest piqued, Sophie watched as Percy placed his outstretched palm by the filled cup. The water floated up and out of the cup, gathering into a sphere as he slowly curled his fingers inwards. She gasped, amazed. Percy smiled and made a pulling motion with both hands, changing the water ball into a long shape, much like a length of rope, and had the ribbon of water do a loop-de-loop before landing perfectly into the second cup. Sophie gaped in disbelief. Slowly, she grinned. "Again, Percy!" she cried eagerly. Percy chuckled at her delight, and once more lifted the water from its container. This time, he brought the water sphere close enough to Sophie and she touched it, completely in awe. "I wish I could do that," said Sophie dreamily, as Percy returned the water to its cup - not a single droplet escaped his control. Percy laughed. "All done!" announced Will with finality. "And thanks to Apollo, your gashes have closed together nicely. This would have taken twenty or so stitches in a mortal hospital," said Will, as he admired his handiwork. Sophie gulped at the last sentence, turning to Will, and saw that he looked a little tired. "Healing - drains him every time," explained Percy, "Good work, Will." "Thank you," said Sophie, genuinely grateful. "No worries, kid." Will smiled and tousled her hair gently. As Will cleared away the sterile wipes and replaced the flask of nectar, Sophie turned to Percy and whispered, "And thank you too, Percy." Percy looked surprised, but smiled warmly. "You're welcome. You were real brave today," he replied, "Now get some rest, and we'll see you in the morning, okay?" Sophie nodded, happy. They are nice people, she thought, as Percy and Will bid her goodnight, quietly retreating from the room. As the adrenaline in her system faded away, she began to feel sleepy. I am brave, she smiled to herself, as she drifted into unconsciousness. A/N: I am hoping, if time permits, to write more stories in this continuum where we'll get to see Sophie participate in camp activities for the first time, overcoming her timidity, and interacting with more of your favourite original characters! Do follow this story to see new chapters as they come! Can you guess which Greek deity will turn out to be Sophie's parent? She will be claimed in my next 'Sophie' fic! Please don't hesitate to give me a review so I can improve :)