When Nico meets Percy, the first thing he does is to punch him across the face, frustration and anger spilling out of him, fuelling the punch with power. But the frustration soon dies down, and he shakes his hand from the pain, but dismisses it just as quickly. Annabeth is by his side in an instant, and a crowd has gathered around them. "Nico," the son of Poseidon wheezes, pulling himself up to stare at him. Annabeth snaps her head up at the name, and Nico snorts. "Remember me, do you?" Nico hissed, grabbing his bag and pulling it on once more. "Nice to see you too, Jackson." He grins, waving his hand, clad in simple rings. "What was that punch for, you asshole?" Percy groans, and Nico shrugs. "I just felt like it, jackass." He smiles sarcastically. Percy scoffs, pulling himself up and walking towards Nico, socking him across his jaw, sending him sprawling onto the ground. "Damn." Nico gasps, rubbing the spot where Percy had hit him, "Still have that nasty right hook I see." He mutters, before pulling himself up. Percy laughs, before slapping Nico's head, and shrugs, "Old habits die hard, I guess." "You two are idiots." Annabeth sighs, before smiling at Nico, greeting him with a simple wave. "Nice to see you, Nico. Even though a punch was a little overboard, don't you think?" Nico rolled his eyes, not bothering to answer before his eyes caught a familiar looking blonde head. "Jason?" He asks instead, walking with them to the college cafeteria, the crowd looking at them in complete confusion. "The whole gang is here." Percy answers, linking his hand with Annabeth's, and Nico smirks. "Did Leo tell you about the time where he and I both worked in a bar together?" "You're kidding." Annabeth frowns, and Nico laughed, "I'm not." It was when he sat down at the table, greeted by Jason's surprised face and Leo's grin, and the surprised yet cheerful greetings from the rest of their unsightly group, that he finally grew serious. "Have any of you seen Bianca?" he mutters, gripping Will's hand, that was sitting next to him. Silence answers him, and Nico closed his eyes, sighing as he rested his chin on the table, "I'll take that as a no." "Nico…" Piper bit her lip. Nico looked up, seeing Hazel and Frank at the far corner of the table. Offering a small, sad smile, he motions at his half sister. "At least I have her." It was the most relaxed life Nico had for the past few centuries. Spending time with his old friends, actually getting married this time (to Will, of course), and generally having a decent life. But he didn't find Bianca, not even once. And so, he tried again. Thirthy year old Nico watches seventeen year old Bianca stand on the top of the highest building in the city, and he clenches his fists together tightly, knuckles turning white like how it did whenever he realized he couldn't do anything to stop Bianca from dying. He watches Bianca jump, his body going rigid as not even a scream left her lips. Nico sighs, closing his eyes before walking away. He didn't want to do this anymore, he didn't want to watch his sister die again and again and he couldn't do a single fucking thing to stop it from happening. He walked away, far away from the scene. He lost his sister to suicide; he had lost his sister because his sister had actually wanted to die. Nico didn't want to do it anymore, but a faint glimmer of hope kept him from trying again. That small thread of hope that they could actually live together again, happily. Maybe it was just life that the conditions were never to their favour. Despite that, Nico tells himself that he'll try once more. Only once more, and maybe, just maybe , it would work out this time. (But then again, maybe not.) Nico looks at the scene before him, familiar and known. They're reborn once more, they were siblings, their age differences were the same as their first life. Demigods. Children of Eros. 'What a fucking joke.' Nico thinks, kicking the pebbles away from him in the snowy mountains they were at, and Bianca runs up to him, her face serious but having a little glint in her eyes. "Nico. I'm joining the hunters." Nico wondered if Artemis knew who they once were, they looked different, but their features were still roughly the same, easily recognizable. Percy, reincarnated as a child of Apollo- oh how the gods laughed at Nico's pain; they couldn't keep shoving his past in his face like this, they couldn't, they had to stop - this time, turns to him, overhearing Bianca's exclamation. A profound look of utter fear was on the once-hero's face as he shook his head violently, but Nico dimisses it with a small smile. He couldn't avoid it after all. Turning back to Bianca, the smile still plastered on his face, he exhales silently before nodding his head in affirmation to his sister's choice. "Okay." He closes his eyes, and the cycle repeats. Hello, CG here!~ Shoutout to RachelDanna on Ao3 for collaborating this fic with me, as well as Jupanuma and Night of Raining Flames for mentioning that I messed up the initial formatting, therefore this is a repost of the story. Another thing: I'm aware that in the wonderful world of Percy Jackson, reincarnation is only granted three times, and that is for those who are trying for the Isle of the Blest, but for the sake of this story, let's not think about it, shall we xD And yes, this fic should come under Angst, but I figured that Hurt/Comfort was also pretty major in this story; As for the other one... well, let's just say that 'Family' is essential so wrong ideas would not be assumed. Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed the angst~ Cheers, -CG