she could possibly dream up in her head. She falls from an arrow to the heart, from a bullet to the head, to fire consuming her body, a sword through the neck, dagger in the stomach. It is as if she endures the pain of death countless times over in order to serve as the assassin she has become; as if, for every death she inflicts, she must feel the resulting agony, living every death. Throughout it all she sees his face. The traitor, Percy Jackson. The one who had fallen by her hand. It had been his death that sparked her quest, her unrelenting drive to see the Empire decimated to nothing. He speaks her name, again and again, and she wakes up in a cold sweat, biting back the scream on her lips. He had loved her, hadn't he? A cold and ruthless love, driven to destroy everything in its path. A type of love that the Empire had destroyed. They would pay. The signs were only too obvious, and she only wishes she had acted upon her doubts sooner. Meanwhile she gradually ascends through the ranks of the Resistance, rising above the leaders themselves. She was strategic, tactical, smart, witty. "We can't take them in a full-on fight, she says, "but the people we've got are talented, dedicated, and resourceful. Let's kill them from within." And so she devises a series of attacks that hold no rule, no thing, as sacred-showing the rebels they were; rather than fight their troops, she organizes that they be fatally poisoned and manages to blame the entire "mishap" on the Emperor's favorite chef. Rather than declare their presence to the Emperor himself, she advocates that they arrange for several "accidents" to happen to his closest advisors. Slowly weaken the web of power until the structure is barely standing. Let them think the Resistance is harmless, let them keep their guard down, until it is much, much too late. Everything is fair, she says, in war, and she finds her fellow leaders nodding in agreement. (Never mind love: her heart has already been broken and she suspects there is nothing left) Her smile is not a smile: it is grim, calculating, almost emotionless. Even before the Resistance becomes well-known, her strategies have already paved the way for their victory. Their battle is over before it has begun. They do not storm the palace; no, they merely arrange for a fatal gas leak in the throne room during a royal policy meeting, lock the doors, and kill everyone within. Two nights later she arrives herself and sees the Emperor lying dead on his throne, his glassy eyes staring terrified into empty space, amid his equally terrified remaining generals and executives. "Victory," she says aloud, and her voice feels hollow. "We have achieved victory. The Empire is in shambles." (At what cost, the traitor whispers in her dreams, that night, at what cost?) The last high-rank is the Royal Secretary (he had survived, having been home sick that day). She lets him speak before he is killed as well; they can have no one left from the Empire if they are to begin a new era. Kill or be killed. "I come from the first town you massacred," she says, letting him feel the pain that echoes through her every syllable, staring into his eyes. "I saw what the Empire did to innocents. I know that you converted innocent townspeople to the side of the Empire, using our own against us-" "-No," he interrupts, genuinely surprised, "we never did that. The orders were to kill everyone ." She says the traitor's name. Percy Jackson. There is no tremor in her voice, and she is proud of that. "He worked for you," she says firmly, steeling her resolve. "No," the secretary says. She can tell he's terrified, she could tell; at one glance from her, he begins speaking as fast as he can. "We were expressly ordered not to leave anyone. Spare no one. I do remember his name though. He was on a memo I read while we were planning the...attack. One of our officers noticed his combat skill, and thought he might be difficult to deal with, so he was put on our priority list." She can say nothing. She's shaking, her palms cold...her head is swimming. In shame, doubt, pity... That night she dreams again of the traitor. (He is no traitor. Not anymore). His hands are covered in blood, but it is his own. He has collapsed to his knees, coughing up blood. The red blended in almost perfectly against the dreamscape. "Forgive me," she says. And as she clutches his hands, inexplicably, images and memories and experiences flash through her mind. More than could possibly belong to one lifetime, an entire spectrum of them, from every end of the world, from ever timeline, from every life and love. Suddenly she knows that she had trusted him completely once, as a best friend and a lover. She remembered the aching pleasure that she had when she played and practiced the piano for him until her fingers bled. And somehow, these memories extended to lighter, peaceful days. Then came the memories of black and fiery red, in the confusing midst of confessions, lies, hope, love. Horrible scenes every time. Countless deaths. He had been there too, his face etched in red and gold in the shadows of the flames, but he had never been the one responsible for her pain. She doesn't know how it's possible for her to understand all of this so fully, so suddenly, nor how it's possible; she only knows that somehow, somewhere, all of this must have been true. And so she clutches his hands in hers still more tightly, the hands of a dying man who will haunt her dreams for the rest of her life. "Forgive me," she hears herself saying, the words at once foreign and achingly familiar. "I think I loved you, once."