enough to make her tired, Hazel did not have the time to be tired. "Hazel, slow down," Frank's voice echoed from behind her as he rushed to keep up with her, a worried glance in his eyes. As a son of Mars and a praetor, he knew that he should not be afraid of his anything but something in the eyes of his girlfriend that night made him want to take a step back. "I will not!" she was mad, he had no doubt about it. "Three years, Frank! Three!" she raised her voice and he tried to conceal a sigh. Frank could easily remember how she had been three years ago, how worried she had been when Nico had disappeared. Hazel and Nico never did have the perfect relationship, but it seemed to have improved during the way and so, it was only natural for her to worry when all traces of Nico were gone. She had spent about a year searching for him, praying to the gods that she would get a sign from him, only taking comfort in knowing that he hadn't died for he was not in the underworld either. Frank hated to admit it, but this had somewhat changed her and he could understand her anger now. Nico was technically her only family and he just left, not even saying goodbye. Frank would have been angry as well. To make things somewhat worse, he had returned to Camp Half-Blood first, not to her and there was only a small matter in which he was supposedly badly wounded. Frank was just really happy that he was not the son of Hades right now. "Where is he?" Hazel asked when the two of them reached the front porch of the Big House, her eyes zooming on Percy. "You should have something earlier, not have waited a few hours," was ready to unleash her rage, but Frank quickly placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, reminding her that this was not the time for it. Percy moved his hand through his hair, there were dark circles under his eyes and it was clear that he hadn't slept a minute that night. "I'm sorry, I just wanted to know he'd be okay first," at least he had the dignity to look guilty. "Chiron said that we should all calm down before we go see him," all eyes turned to the blond boy leaning against the wall. "He made it clear that Nico almost lost his life tonight, we should save the yelling for when he is completely healed," there was no doubt that the son of Jupiter was a born leader. "Okay?" Everyone looked at him, taking a few moments before they agreed and the seven of them entered the house. Each and every one of them owed something to Nico, having been saved or protected by him during one of the two wars, if not in both. It just took them way too long to understand that this dark little boy was a true hero. That was why they all came; wanting to see it with their own eyes and believe that Nico di'Angelo was indeed back and he alive and breathing. OoOoOoO His legs were folded close to his body, he was only half aware of the pain that flew inside of his body like the blood in his veins. He couldn't understand why he had returned to camp, Nico had sworn that he would not do so, not before he could get rid of those foolish feelings he had. Slowly he buried his head in his knees, trying to calm himself down and remind himself that it was going to be alright, he could hold it in until his would heal and then he would leave again. "Nico?" a voice sounded from the door, shock echoing in the familiar tone. Slowly, the boy raised his eyes, blinking a couple of times as they fell on the dark skinned girl, but it couldn't be. She couldn't be… "H-Hazel?" his voice cracked, the teenager in front of him couldn't possibly be his sister. She was too tall, too mature, not the thirteen years old girl he remembered leaving behind not too long ago. "Is that you? How can it be?" he asked, chocolate eyes growing wider. The girl took a step back at this, her eyes wide. "What are you talking about?" anger was clear in her voice, so unlike her that it made Nico raise an eyebrow in surprise. "Of course it's me! What did you that I would look the same after three years?" Frank hurried to place a hand on her shoulder again, trying to calm her down. Nico's eyes quickly turned to the rest of the people in the room, he knew them all, yet they were all older, they had changed so much, but it just couldn't be. It couldn't. "No," Nico shook his head as he spoke, his eyes stopping on Percy as he felt his heartbeat growing faster. "No, it can't be three years," he was almost afraid to look at himself, not wanting to see a final proof that it had been just that. "I-I would've remembered," he was shaking slightly, trying to search in his mind for anything, but there was only a lingering feeling of emptiness. Annabeth was the next person to speak, taking a step forward at his words. "Don't you remember anything?" she asked, both worried and curious. "You have to remember, Nico," Percy said, worry in his voice. He needed answered and he didn't like the idea that someone bad had happened to Nico, yet they didn't know who or what did it. "You almost died, Nico, you said that there is going to be another war." Silence followed Percy's words and Nico looked right at him, fear filling his eyes. "I don't," he said, he couldn't even remember getting back to camp. Flinching at the pain, he closed his eyes. "I don't remember anything."