disguise his irritation, Nico huffed. "Can't you just sense things like that?" he asked. "Isn't that how you gods find powerful demigods?" "Not with any degree of accuracy," Hades said haughtily as he looked his son up and down appraisingly. "At least, you had better hope not." Ignoring Nico's furious glare, he waved a hand, and the earth shook. An army of creaking, skeletal warriors clawed their way out of the dirt. Nico's own hand instinctively went to his side, groping for the hilt of his sword, eyes widening when he felt his fingers close on empty space. Heart leaping to his throat, he whirled around, searching for it desperately, his eyes briefly landing on his father. He did a a double-take. The sword hung calmly from his left hand. Shifting his gaze from the sword to his father's eyes, Nico shot him a glare; dark brown clashing with pitch black as he opened his mouth to demand it back. "No," Hades said, before Nico could speak, "you will do this unarmed." "Father-" "Go on," Hades prompted, "they will not wait forever." Even as he spoke, the army advanced. Their empty gazes were locked in on Nico with a fierce intensity that he had not experienced since the war. And if he knew his father – which he was pretty sure he did – this was no picnic; they were out for blood. The group thinned themselves, spreading out until they encircled the demigod completely. Hades had vanished, spiriting himself away to spectate from the balcony above the advancing army. Nico cursed and lifted his arms in front of him, shoving his hands out as though he were attempting to push down a wall. Grinning to himself despite his situation, Nico gave himself a mental pat on the back as a row of stalagmites erupted from the ground, creating a thick barrier around him. One of the skeletons lunged, fighting to force itself through the opening. Determined not to give his father something else to hold over his head, Nico lashed out without thinking. His fist hit the skeleton with such force that the monster was thrown backwards into its comrades, knocking them down like tenpins in a bowling alley. "Argh!" he yelled, shaking his hand. Life (or death) lesson: skulls were hard, decaying or not. He didn't have time to think though, as another wave of skeletal soldiers crowded his defences. Nico dropped to one knee and plunged his fist down to the sanded floor. A great wave rippled through the ground, throwing the undead warriors into the air before gravity took over and they fell back down onto their allies. Still, that didn't seem to be enough as they just stood back up and kept on coming. Hearing the rattle of moving bones, Nico gritted his teeth and spun around to confront the source of the noise. Behind him, a skeleton had succeeded in forcing its way through a narrow gap between the stalagmites and behind it, more were following. He was completely surrounded. Nico backed up, preparing to unleash another burst of energy but even as he was preparing to do so, he could tell it was too late. With every second he wasted gathering his strength, another enemy forced its way through. Nico struggled as one of the skeletons seized him from behind, dragging him backwards into the crowd. He was being dragged under, crushed by the sheer number of monsters. He yelled; one loud, drawn out burst of sound that stunned even himself with its intensity. "GO!" he roared. It happened in an instant. The stalagmites shot back into the earth, the skeletons vanished where they stood, swallowed up by the stone floor, and the torn earth knit itself back together. And Nico was left on the ground, one knee propping him up as he leaned heavily on his arm. Clap. Clap. Clap. Nico whipped his head up to see Hades lazily strolling toward him, sword hilt tucked under his arm as he clapped slowly. "Very impressive." Still panting heavily, Nico pushed himself to his feet. "You did it on purpose," he accused, eyes flashing with anger. "You deliberately made them resist my powers, didn't you?" Hades shrugged and moved the sword back to his hand. "I pushed you. And you are unharmed, are you not? They barely touched you." "It wasn't a fair fight." "And yet, you still came out the victor." He offered Nico his sword. "Rest," he ordered. "You have one hour before your training resumes." It seemed like days passed before Hades dismissed him, though Nico knew it was only a few hours. The training was brutal. Shadow travel had been next and Hades' barked order of "Faster!" still rang in his ears. Hades had ordered him to travel to wherever he pointed until he had been ready to pass out. Hades had pushed and pushed and pushed him until he was ready to collapse. He was just grateful that Hades had had the foresight to allow him some rest after the debacle with the skeletons. It was only when he had stumbled directly into Hades' chest on landing that his father grudgingly allowed him to leave. Nico had practically had to drag himself up to the third floor to his room. He was exhausted. The physical strain of training was unfamiliar to him. He had been plunged straight back into his old regime without any thought to the year he had spent in relative inactivity. Sighing in weary exhaustion, Nico collapsed on the bed. Sinking into the soft pillows, his eyes slid shut within seconds, the ache in his bones fading away into the recesses of his dreams. It never occurred to him that he still didn't know exactly why he had been summoned. Post Script: I will take this opportunity to apologise for any inconsistencies in writing style between chapters. This fic is being edited, rewritten and uploaded over a period of several months. Thank you for your patience.