laugh, as it would be awkward. Hestia did not have a sense of humor, and never, not in the ten years that I had known her, had I ever heard her laugh. I saw her smile at her brother's graduation, but nothing more. "How was your day?" I asked Hecate, tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear. "Fantastic," she answered sarcastically. "Absolutely fantastic." "Doesn't sound like it," I replied, "You sound more like all you did today was recount the number of books in the school library." Hecate groaned and crossed her arms over her chest as if to warm herself. I found it kind of weird because the cafeteria was probably eighty degrees fahrenheit. "No, but pretty close. Ms. Chase gave us the knowledge speech again." At this I felt a lot of sympathy for her. For most of her classes, Athena Chase would explain the importance and the impact on history wisdom and knowledge possessed. It was extremely boring, it was like listening to a lawn mower for a whole hour. It was loud, annoying, and, sometimes, unnecessary. I had been lucky that year because Ms. Chase did not give us "the speech." And unfortunately, Annabeth gives us the same talk every year, too. Speaking of Annabeth, she sat down right after Hecate's comment. "Hi guys!" she said, grinning. "How was your day? I found it absolutely—" "Fascinating?" I guessed with a raised brow. Annabeth nodded enthusiastically causing a few strands of hair fall from her ponytail. You see, Annabeth's not normally all bubbly and cheerful so I asked, "What's got you all up in the clouds?" "A boy," Annabeth said, holding her books closer to her boobs. I rolled my eyes and made a sound that sounded like , ewwww . Only Hecate had similar-ish views about boys to my own. Annabeth and Aphrodite loved them. Like, they actually dated them, and kissed them and… I shivered at the thought. "What boy?" I inquired, my eyebrow still raised. Annabeth sighed at my question and looked to the sky, her normally shrewd and sharp gray eyes turning a soft shade of an ashen blue. "Oh, just some boy in my P.E. class." She sighed as if she was in a movie and her role was to act like some foolish lovesick girl. She was achieving every element of that role very well. "Mhmm," I responded, not really keeping all my focus on her. I looked over the crowd for Aphrodite, wondering if she would sit with us. Aphrodite was the most popular female socialite in the whole school, so she had many different pools of friends. All of them were "popular" except for us, and the only reason why she really sat with us in the first place is because we've know each other since we were children. Long story short, she didn't sit with us all the time. Hecate sighed. "Shut up, will you?" She looked straight at Annabeth. The blonde opened her mouth to say something, but no words came out, so she closed it. And then she said, "At least Aphrodite would relate with me." I shrugged. It was true. I sometimes felt bad for Annabeth because we were her only friends and she did have an interest in the male species; but when she tried to talk about them both Hecate and I shut her down. "What were we saying about me? Was it that I am positively fantastic and fabulous?" Aphrodite popped up from behind me, holding her lunch. "No," I replied, "We were saying that you are positively spastastic and pompous." Hecate's mouth twitched. Aphrodite feigned hurt. "Well then." She placed a hand on her heart. "I am truly wounded." "Annabeth likes a boy," I stated with a bored tone. Aphrodite's face lit up about two-thousand watts at my words. "Oh really? Who is it, my dear, who is it ?" Annabeth blushed. "Umm…his name is Percy…Percy Jackson." "Oh!" Aphrodite said, recognition floating in her eyes. "That's the boy Artemis introduced to me!" A flash of jealousy and hurt shone in Annabeth's eyes. "Oh…um, I guess I don't need to describe him for you." "Nope!" Aphrodite said, all excited. "You have quite the taste, Annabeth! That boy is a hunk of meat!" Annabeth laughed. "Yes, I guess he is." I scrunched my nose up. I had just shown that "hunk of meat" around school, and it was kind of gross hearing them describing him the way they were doing. I felt a slight ache of guilt wash over me once I realized that I had left him behind to eat by himself. And then he sat down right next to Annabeth. "Hey Arty," he greeted me, grinning widely. I sighed and rolled my eyes. It seemed like whoever I thought of would magically appear. Annabeth blushed deeply at their close proximity and tried to hide her face with her hands. "Percy," I said back. "Why don't you go eat with Jason? You're giving my friend here a heart attack." I gestured towards Annabeth, who was nearly hyperventilating. Percy raised an eyebrow at her, but just shrugged it off. "I thought I'd sit here because I know you the most out of everyone here." I shrugged back, mimicking his actions. "I still prefer it if you go sit with Jason, Perseus." He looked at me as if to ask, Are you sure ? I nodded and waved at him to go. Annabeth let out a big breath as soon as he left. "Oh me lord," she said, her usual precise grammar going down the drain. "Oh me lord, he was so hot." "I think it's my ," I corrected her, "And I don't think 'hot' is a good word to describe Percy. Plus, he's got weird stalker-ish tendencies." "Looks like Percy's in love ," Aphrodite mused, twirling her hair. I didn't really want to know if she was saying he was in love with Annabeth or me. Cause that's just gross.