past her street. 'I know. But it's not like I'm taking you back to your house or anything.' Annabeth brought her knees up to her chest best she could with a seatbelt on, and nestled back against the seat. She was happy knowing they were going somewhere far, far away. 'I met a guy today who might interest you,' Percy wondered aloud, 'he said he runs an architecture firm. He could offer you an internship maybe?' 'Maybe,' she nodded, her voice barely a whisper. Figuring out she perhaps didn't want to discuss her employment status yet, he quickly switched the subject. Marshmallows melted in her mouth as she listened to Percy prattle on about his vanilla versus toffee debate. She usually would join in, because really the vanilla aroma was irresistible to her, but she was still waiting for her tears to dry. She hadn't always been this way. Once, even the idea she'd ever be out of control and unemployed was ridiculous. She was undoubtedly clever, organised and talented. A natural success story. Then the storm gathered, and the rain began to fall. Her parents divorced and her mother left for Los Angeles, and it only got darker and colder from there. When her father re-married close to the day of her tenth birthday, perhaps Annabeth's smiles seemed a little more strained. Maybe she became a little bossier as the months dragged on, but nothing drastic occurred. She was still a gold-star student and sure enough, by the end of the year, was top of her class. She got two new brothers soon after. Her father was happy. Yes, her step-mom was snide at times but hey, life couldn't be completely perfect. But then she received a postcard one day. A typical, Love from California postcard. There was a picture on it of a very blue sky and very tall palm trees. Yes, everything looked very much perfect in the picture. So she ignored it. She didn't look at it for nearly three days. It wasn't until her family received word of a tragic death that she did, and regretfully so, read her late mother's suicide note. It was ironic to Annabeth. A typical holiday postcard, written on with the grimmest intentions. It made her sick. The worst part was, after just a few weeks, people forgot to care. Her father kept working, her step-mother kept nagging, her school friends kept gossiping and Annabeth kept to herself. She just wanted to understand. To get to the bottom of the sadness. To know why her mother would leave her in that way, with nothing but a note. That was why she ran away for the first time. Running away was like running back home. Her real home. To a real family. That 'real' family, if only for a short while, was Luke Castellan and Thalia Grace. Two kids neglected by people who should have cared. Annabeth fit right in. But things fell apart, as they always do. The rain kept on coming. Maybe Thalia shouldn't have stood up to a notorious gang-leader in a gloomy alleyway. Maybe then she wouldn't be in hospital. Maybe Annabeth should never have trusted a hysterical, grieving boy with a knife. Maybe then he wouldn't be in prison. Maybe Annabeth should never have run away at all. But maybe, maybe it was the best thing to do. Not the right thing, not the kind thing. Certainly not the rational thing. But the best thing. Because when she first found twelve-year-old Percy Jackson on a very white beach by a very green sea, she decided she'd found her very own perfect place. Why the Jacksons took her in she would never know. She was a walking hurricane with a lightning tongue and rain in her eyes. But they liked her, somehow. A lot. And she was sure she loved them even more. Annabeth jumped slightly as the engine stopped. She couldn't quite tell where they were. They toppled out of the car together in the frozen, bitter air. The hot cocoa was still barely warm in Annabeth's grip, but quickly the rain changed it to runny brown sludge. 'No!' she whined, 'my hot cocoa!' ' Your hot cocoa?' Percy lifted an eyebrow, amused, 'pretty sure I paid for it, wise-girl.' Despite his mocking tone, he leaned in close to whisper, 'I knew you'd like it.' Suddenly, Annabeth realized she could smell salt in the air, fresh and inviting. 'You lied to me.' Annabeth glared at the boy beside her. A sunshine boy, with a dazzling smile and a glowing heart. He was happy. She made him happy, for some reason. And he made her happy. Especially right then, when they wandered down a very white beach under a very dark sky. The sea was very green, and the clouds were very grey. For the two of them, it was very much perfect. 'How did I lie to you?' he asked, grinning as she glowered. She subtly slid her hand into his, because it just might be the last time she would ever run away. 'You said you wouldn't take me home.' 'I said I wouldn't take you to your house, not your home. I'll always do my best to bring you home, Annabeth.' She couldn't hear him very well over the thunder, but that was fine. For the first time in her life, Annabeth never wanted to storm to end. Hello again, dear readers. I know this isn't a full-on Percabeth fic. I feel their romantic relationship here is more of a suggestion. A love-story for a time beyond. A hint into the future, if you will. The point is, in this they have a best friend/ sibling platonic bond, but with the definite promise of an even more intimate relationship later, when their lives are figured out perhaps. I don't know, and honestly I kind of like not knowing. Leave a comment in the reviews if you'd like me to make this a two-shot. -Cat