looked around at other demigods before handing Percy a silver ring, "Look my dad gave me two of these just in case I ever met someone who needed it." He held up an identical golden one which was placed on his thumb, "Put yours on your thumb." As Percy did it excruciating pain ripped through his body, and it felt as if his thumb was breaking while also being severed from his hand. He looked at Luke who laughed, "Ahhh, I forgot to mention that, but it'll stop eventually." He spoke the truth and a few seconds later it felt absolutely normal, "Ok so what this ring does is detected concealed things. It is great for a thief because it allows someone to easily find hidden treasure! You know like if they were to hide it behind a wall you could find it because the ring would start going crazy." Percy looked at the man in amazement, "Ya, Annabeth got a hat that turns her invisible, and I wanted something to counter it because I was deffinently not having her spy on me in the shower." The two were laughing as they exited the arena. It was dinner time, and Percy was already dying to get out of the camp. He could see why Annabeth wanted out so bad, but he didn't care. If he needed someone to watch his back Luke was his guy, and Grover could smell a monster so he was a great scout. Percy had chosen carefully, and he had already studied the land so he didn't need someone smart to cock off every single time a new problem presented itself. The night went by fast, and Percy shot up in the morning. He did his morning training and had breakfast with the prying eyes of the hunters watching his every move. "Alright Percy it is time to see the Oracle of Delphi for your prophecy." Percy looked up at Chiron and nodded as he headed to the big house. As they entered a red line shot out of his ring, and pointed towards the wall of the room, 'Must be some hidden stash Dionysus has.' Percy thought as he ascended the stairs to the Oracle's attic. He made sure to shut and lock the door behind him, and when he heard a loud bang on the door he knew the daughter of Athena had tried to follow him in, "Stupid idiots." Percy muttered as he walked up to a mummified corpse, and scratched his head, "Hit me with it?" Percy awkwardly stated. He was not sure if he should like shake hands with the mummy or give it a drachma, but apparently modern day english was enough to arouse the mummy as a green mist began to fall from its mouth, "A little creepy!" He was cut off as the zombie like creature in front of him began to whisper incoherent words before a very loud scratchy voice could be heard from the Hades blasted thing: You shall go west, and face the god of mortals unturned, You shall find what was stolen, and see it safely returned, He has not betrayed, he is still is your friend, However you will fail to save what matters most in the end. Percy walked out of the attic and into the main lounging are only to see Chiron, and Mr. D sitting there. Percy silently chuckled as he bowed to Mr. D who gave him a thumbs up. Chiron looked at the god as if he had finally gone insane, but he had not and ushered Percy to the tree where they found Luke and Grover chatting about what they would like to see most on the quest. Percy met up with them, and they set out to find their way to retrieving the master bolt. Hey everyone, ya I just started typing this today uhh, it's Wednesday June 21st. I am not going to go back and check them for errors until I finish the story, but if you find any, and you really, really care to tell me just review or send me a pm or both. I try to reply to everyone, and I just wanted to say if you came from The Forgotten you are in for one hell of a ride. I am making Percy not as strong, but I had to buff him a little bit I mean come on no one wants to see a little bitch. I can guarantee everyone this one thing. You have never seen this villain before, and yes it is apart of the Percy Jackson Universe, and yes to put some of your minds at ease this will have Luke being good. No the ring was not a trap. Sorry to get your hopes up. I am actually trying to lay the story out this time, and I have plenty of stuff to go off of. By the way on an updating schedule it is really whenever I have time to write. I have no work right now, and that means lightning fast updates like this one. Tell me if you enjoy this and I will try to answer ant questions. For those of you who were like why throw in photographic memory during the middle of the story. Well Wise person you obviously didn't understand what happened when he hit a vital point, aced all of his classes, or read my description. No he is not to op as of this moment I tried to show that by using Luke's sword skill. Maybe in about let's say three chapters he will be pretty damn strong. That's a secret. As usual this is a Pertmis fic so shoutouts to everyone who likes this. Tell me what you want and it may or may not go in it I really do listen and will reply as fast as possible. Review, Favorite, Follow~ Love Coarvus Ps. Below is Necklace of Tears story go go go go-vvvvvvv s/12479635/1/He-s-Arisen-He-s-Fallen