or Percy's room has an unbreakable glass roof so he can always see the moon. It also has two closets. One was for his regular clothes, and the other is for weapons and armor. The walls show a night time scene with a full moon, an owl in a tree, and a camp fire that is also a working fire place. They put in a dresser, a rocking chair, the crib, a lamp on a table next to a mini library with children's books in it, and a fan. They moved all of Sally's furniture and belongings into the new house along with any other personal belongings she had while she was a work. The three goddesses were waiting in Sally's empty apartment when she got there. "What the. Where is all of my stuff?" She asked walking in. "In your new house." Hestia told her. "Who are you two? I know Artemis, but not you two. And what did you say about house? I don't own one." She told us completely confused. "Sorry we forgot to introduce ourselves. I am Athena and this is Hestia. As for your stuff we moved it to the house we bought for you." Athena told Sally gesturing to Hestia when she introduced her. "Oh sorry I did not recognize you, but why did you buy me a house?" Sally asked confused. "We thought it was more appropriate for my child to grow up in. Also we have no trouble paying for it because we each have about a hundred billion dollars in our accountants. By the way we found out that it is a boy and named him Perseus or Percy." I told her. "Oh, and I love the name." Sally told us smiling. "As for why Athena and I are here we wish to bless you. We will give you small powers, but very helpful. I am making this new family have a stronger bond and you can cook even tastier meals because men love their food." Hestia told Sally. "As for me I am giving you the power to speak and understand Greek. Percy will be a god so he will naturally speak Greek almost instantly after being born. Also I am giving you more knowledge so you can help teach Percy easier. We still want him to go to school, but figured you being smarter will help." Athena told her. Sally looked shocked the Athena and Hestia both snapped their fingers and muttered their blessing in Ancient Greek. When they were done Sally glowed gray then orange then both colors faded. "Thank you." She told them. "Now, to see your new house." I said then teleported us to the house. A few days after it was exactly six weeks since I became pregnant. I was lying in my bed with Athena and Hestia next to me to help with the birth. (I am skipping this whole part because I don't know what it would be like.) Athena handed me a baby bundled up in a blue blanket. "Percy." I said cuddling the baby. I started to cry in happiness as he looked up at me with his big silver eyes and I saw the start of his auburn colored hair. I snuggled him closer to me not wanting to let go until the other two goddesses asked if they could hold him. I gave him to them as they looked at him and rocked him a bit commenting on how cut he looked. I was very happy at that moment until Athena said, "You know you will have to give him to Sally tomorrow at the latest." I looked down at the baby now sleeping in my arms. I nodded sadly and said, "That doesn't mean I can't have him for a little bit you know." They nodded. For the rest of the day we held Percy and put him into a silver shirt with a fire on the front. We gave him black jeans an owl hat we got him because it is winter now. The three of us flashed ourselves down to Sally's house with Perseus in my arms. The three of us appeared in her living room where she was waiting for us. "Hello Sally." I said to her as she got up instantly and walked over to me. She looked at Percy with a huge smile on her face at seeing him. "He is an adorable baby Artemis, and even if you did not want this congratulations." She said to me and I smiled in response. "May I hold him?" Sally asked. "Of course because you will have to raise him for the next few years until he finds out who he is." I said to her handing her Percy. When he was in her arms her smile grew even more. "Thank you for this opportunity. I cannot say how happy and honored I am doing this for you." Sally said to me snuggling Percy. "It is no problem at all Sally." I told her with a smile. I heard thunder boom in the distance indicating an Olympian Council Meeting. "We have to go Artemis." Athena told me as I nodded sadly. "I will stop by soon to see how he is and remember if you need any help just pray to us and we will help in any way we can. Now bye!" I said as the three of us flashed out and into the Throne Room for the meeting. Author's Note: Well that is it guys and gals. I hope you enjoyed that chapter. If you want to see more leave review sayings continue. Once I have twenty reviews saying continue I will. Also check out my other story which is the Assassins of Chaos. In case you don't know what that is read it and you will find out. It is a work in progress so I will still be updating it. Thank you for reading this story! Follow, Favorite, and Review! ~ColtonTheCreeper