was the most gorgeous creature to walk on Earth. Percy must have had a nervous breakdown. His hands felt clammy, his forehead breaking out with sweat. His insides were about to burst. The night air suddenly seemed colder. Emily's grip on his hand tightened. Without thinking, he finally spoke. " Um, trick or treat?" xox "BUT MOM! It really isn't a date!" he tried convincing his mom, who was still not done teasing him. How could he win against those two if they were ganging up on him with those looks? "Oh, if that's what you say, honey. Emily and I will just dream," He sighed. "Honestly, let's just go to sleep. I still have a…" "A what?" Emily asked, looking up at him innocently. Percy hit her face lightly with a pillow. "Ow! That hurt, Percy!" "That's for embarrassing me." "Oh c'mon now, no fair!" Emily whined. She grabbed a pillow behind her and hit Percy multiple times with it. "SMASH THE PIG!" Percy pulled Emily by the ankle and raised his hands. The little girl laughed and the same time made protests. He tickled her. "MOM!" the girl called out. "Help me!" "Oh, are we in for a war now?" their mom said, holding up two pillows and throwing them at Percy. xox " Honey, can you please bring the pie to the next block?" Percy's mom said as she pulled out the pie from the oven. Percy was leaning against the counter waiting for breakfast. Emily was on the island, munching on some cupcakes. " Why, Mom?" he asked. " My best friend in high school just moved to our town. I'd love for you to meet 'em," his mom answered. She turned and handed him the freshly baked blueberry pie. "You could also meet their daughter. She's pretty. And she's your age." Percy looked at her imploringly. "Come on, Mom. It hasn't been long since Calypso," he said, his expression darkening at the thought of his ex-girlfriend. The truth was, their relationship just couldn't work out…or at least that's what Calypso Atlas told him when they had broken up. Turned out she was just dating another guy. Sally Jackson put a reassuring hand on her son's shoulder. "That's why you need to move on while there's still a chance. I'm telling you, Annabeth is really kind. She isn't the heartbreaker type." " Whatever Mom. I'll just give this pie to them." He said. Then he ran off from the house and hurried to the next block. The smell of the pie really got to him, for a while capturing his attention. He stared at it hungrily. It was the ordinary blueberry pie, only it had 'Trick or Treat' written in syrup atop of it. Well it was Halloween after all. He wasn't looking where he was going when… BAM! He crashed onto another person. He dropped the pie while the other person dropped some books. The pie had really become mushy. Percy decided it was hopeless so he just helped the other person pick up the books. " Thank you," a female voice said above him. He looked up to see a beautiful girl with blonde hair curled like that of a princess' and gray eyes as deep as the storm clouds that looked like they were calculating the best way to take you down if it came to a fight. "And I'm very sorry…I wasn't looking where I was going," the girl said. " No. It's okay," Percy assured the girl. "I wasn't looking where I was going either." " But your pie…" " Yeah. It's my fault so don't worry 'bout it." " Are you sure?" " Yep. So go ahead. It's really fine." The girl made a move to leave, but then stopped on her tracks. She turned around and walked back to him. "Um…I'm new here. Can you tell me where the public library is?" Percy stared at the pie, and then at the girl. Well, there was nothing he could do about the pie. He'll just apologize to his mom later. " Sure. I'll take you there." The girl waved her hand. "No, no really, it's okay. You can just tell me where to go." " Um, I'm not good at giving directions," he admitted. "And there's a really confusing curve on the way there, you might miss the turn." " Oh. Thanks. By the way, I'm Annabeth Chase. My family just moved here." " On a Halloween?" " Well yeah. Is there a problem?" " Never mind. My name's Percy, I live on the block across the street," " Nice meeting you, Percy," Annabeth said, smiling. That smile made his heart skip a beat. He shook his head. " Likewise. Um, and since you're a newcomer, I think it's time for greetings." He grinned. "Trick or treat, Annabeth Chase." OMG did I just manage to finish this?! Halfway through I almost gave up. Y'know guys, I didn't really have a plot for this one. I just, like, typed and this was the outcome. So if it's a little crappy then I apologize. I really worked late on this and besides I wanted to give you all a Halloween treat. It's funny, though, that I was able to come up with a little something even though I just typed with a blank mind. Haha. UM AND WAIT! This is a one-shot. But I left many possible ideas open so I could turn it into a multi-chapter fic. I WOULD REALLY LOVE TO TURN IT INTO A MULTI-CHAPTER FIC. I already have a possible plot in my mind but it really depends. Thoughts, anyone? Well anyways I hope you enjoyed it. Cuz I did. I truly enjoyed writing it. So, R&R, I guess. And Trick or Treat to all ya amazing people (to those who dont celebrate it, um, still, Happy Halloween to you)! See you in my other stories...or if God let it, in the next chapter of 'Trick or Treat?'