we need to do! Lets go!" Jason said. "Not so Cap. My computers say Percy and Headless already left camp. They're heading to….. wait this can't be right. It says they already in Sleepy Hollow." Leo says. "How?! And why?!" Piper says. "Maybe they are doing what Headless said. Getting revenge on those who imprisoned him." Nico said with his arms crossed. "And if he really is my half brother, then he promised shadow traveled there." Frank know was starting pace. He looked hungry. "Anyone got any meat? Maybe deer or rabbit?" &× asked. "Frank control yourself, you are not an animal. You are a son of Mars." Hazel says slapping him. "But I'm hungry!" he whines. "We really are becoming our costumes. It won't be long till Frank's animal urges take over, or Nico and tries to devour our souls." Reyna says. "Well we just need to learn how to harness out new skills. " Annabeth says. Headless was leading his army right to Ichabod home. He knew Chiron was right, that his old nemesis was dead, but he still had descendants. After he whipped them out, no one could stop him. "Master Percy Jackson is asleep in the carriage." A purple unicorn with wings said to him. " Good, I want my soldier ready for the massacre. We stop here to gather our strength." Headless said. They stopped and he got off his horse and walked over the carriage where soon to be bride slept. Percy looks peaceful, actually to peaceful. If he didn't know better he would says the son of the sea was dead. His arms were crossed over his chest but he had the slightest smile on his pale face. He opened it and stroked his freezing skin. "Oh Percy, soon, very soon." He says. "Master we have an issue. Eight demigods are headed strait for us. Should we attack them?" A hunchback asked. "No let's invite them for tea. OFCORSE WE SHOULD ATTACK THEM YOU IDIOT! " Headless say. "If I had an actual head I'd have a headache right now." He hissed. "I will go ahead with Percy." "HROOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" "They're already here. Go!" Headless says as he takes off with Percy. Okay so it wasn't the best plan but it worked, while Frank, Leo, Annabeth and Hazel dealt with the army Piper, Jason, Nico and Reyna followed Headless. Annabeth was able to make color bombs to blind and disorient them. They didn't want to hurt them since they were still there friends. Leo blasted repulser beams at monsters and anything that could fly. Frank was able to tear apart weapons and machines with is massive claws and super strength. Hazel was casting spells that either turned them to there side or froze them in jello (Yeah it was best she could do on short notice.). The other four followed Headless to a large Victorian styled house with a blue paint job. "Rise Percy and bring me the offspring of Ichabod Crane." Headless said. Percy woke up. Changing into a bat he attempted to enter the house but something sent him flying back. Headless and Percy had forgotten that vampires can't enter a house with out being invited in. Percy hissed at the house. "Plan B then." Headless said as he took out his sword and cut the door down. There was no one inside and it was eerily quite. "Where are you descendants of Crane?!" He billows. "Now Jason!" Someone yelled. Headless was only about to turn his head when Jason's shield cut his head off. Before it could grow back Piper grabbed his sword while Nico used shadows to tie him down. "It's over Headless! Give us back Percy and turn everyone back!" Piper said forcefully. "You really think your powers of persuasion will work on me daughter of Aphrodite? You forgotten my most loyal servant." He laughs. "Actually we didn't." Reyna says pointing at a large glass coffin with Percy inside sound asleep. "NO!" Headless yells. "If I may, I know how to fix your friends." A new voice said. They turned to see a girl with short black hair, purple eyes and pales skin. "May I see the sword please?" she asks. " Um.. Sure." Piper says giving her the sword. The girl raised it over her head and cut the horseman in half. Suddenly there was a bright light and a e everyone was aback to normal. A ghost of an 18 year old boy appeared. "I'm free?" he says. "Thank you." The ghost fades away. "Thanks for your help Mrs….?" Jason says to the girl. "My name is Emily Crane and you can thank me by GETTING OUT OF MY HOUSE!" she yells. It was November first and our group of friends were It was November first and our group of friends were sitting by the lake eating candy from last night. Percy didn't remember anything that happened after he got asked out. Although he did have a craving for a big bloody stake. "So Percy, have you decided on who you're going on a date with?" Frank asked. "Actually I'll go on one date with each of you." Percy says ask he eats a min snickers. "Ah children, there you are. I wanted to ask you how you defeated the Horseman again." Chiron asked coming over. "Well we wouldn't have if that Emily Crane girl hadn't stepped in." Nico said . "Emily Crane? But she's been dead for over a hundred years. " Chiron said The group looked at each other. It couldn't have been her… Could it? "You had him in your clutches, you could have brought him to me!" A voice said. "Apologies my lord but it was not the right time. You shall have your prince soon." Emily said to the voice. "You better hope so." (Okay this is going to be one of many stories with an over arching plot line spanning over many holidays. I hope you have a spooky Halloween. )