saying as her lips were locked with Percy's, "Still as perfect as before.." Percy muttered as Artemis blushed deepened the kiss it seemed to last for eternity as the two then begin to attack each other with their tongues causing Zoe to blush it soon turned into a makeout session and caused everyone to start blushing. "Get'm Percy, whoa bro." Nico said as Percy was attacked by Artemis as they rolled around on her bed, "Perce…?" Nico was saying and then shook his head, " Hey Perce you can stop…Oh well I tried." Nico shook his head, "Hey Death Breath." Thalia said as Nico turned and landed straight into a kiss full on the lips, "My lady said it was ok to date you..." She murmured as Nico's eyes widened in shock. He did not want to ruin the moment as he pushed forward sharing his feelings for her. They to locked into a battle of the tongues, "Oy Nico let's go, quit sucking her face off man." Percy said as he plucked his brother like figure off Thalia causing her to whimper, "It is not like you weren't doing the same thing to Artemis a second ago." Nico countered as Percy blushed, "That was different…." Nico laughed, "Ya sure." "Hey Nico." Zoe said, "If you hurt her heart we will rip yours out and feed it to our wolfs." She said as the other hunters looked at him some cracking their knuckles, "Same to you Percy; if you leave again and hurt Lady Artemis we will find you and kill you after very strenuous torture." The two boys looked at each other and slowly crept out of the cabin scratching their heads. "I am scared Percy." Nico cried out as they walked into their cabin, "Do not worry, they mean well… I hope atleast" Percy said scratching his head, "Anyways let us catch the z's." He said laying down. A few minutes had passed and Percy could not sleep. He felt unimaginably cold for some odd reason. Then he turned over as something had crawled next to him in his bed, "Percy I am cold." Artemis said as she hugged Percy making him blush, "So am I beautiful, but are you sure it's ok for you to be here?" Percy tried saying, but then looked down at the sleeping form of his love, "Oh well might as well enjoy the night." He muttered as he wrapped his arms around her making a smile appear on her face which caused Percy to smile, "This is never going to get old." Percy said creating a small wall around him stopping Nico from looking in even if he loved his brother he didn't want him all up in his business. Hugging Artemis tighter Percy allowed Morpheus to take control. "What the Hades Apollo go back to sleep." Percy muttered as light shifted into the dark cabin. He tried getting up; key word tried as he looked down greeted by an amazing sight, Artemis laid cuddled next to him with her right leg thrown over him. As he tried moving she just tightened the hold she had on him, "Come on beautiful time to get up." Percy said as Artemis shook her head, "Five more minutes this pillow is too comfortable." She said causing Percy to smile, "Then how about this." Percy said as he leaned down and locked lips with the goddess of the Hunt. She didn't want to at first, but then the kiss turned into a makeout session as Artemis rolled on top of Percy and started kissing him and rubbing her small petite hands on him like he was going to vanish. "Whoa Artemis I am right here." Percy said as Artemis intensified the kiss, "I know, but what if you leave me again." She said as tears started to form on her face as she continued to assault Percy's lips. Percy grabbed her by her shoulders and pushed her back making her tears start to flood down, "I knew it you didn't love me after all those years." She said as she tried moving, "Wait Artemis.." He said as he frowned, "No let me go you don't love me right just let me go." She tried breaking free of his grasp, but then he pulled her back. "Don't you ever, ever say that to me." He said to her, "Even if the Fates need me I will never leave without you." He said letting that sink in, "And over the past four hundred and eighty three years, twelve minutes, forty eight seconds, all I thought of was you." He said as he began removing Artemis's tears with slow kisses down to her collarbone then back up to her lips. "And I will never ever want to be away from this amazingly beautiful and drop-dead gorgeous women." Percy said causing Artemis to cry tears of joy as she attacked Percy's lips again with a new vigour. Smiling as she did so he returned with the kiss as he traced circles in her back. Eventually she rolled off of him and latched onto his side. Ok guys I know fuck me right? All I did was revise the old story and add another 6 thousand words, but all for a good cause I swear. This time it is going to be a little different. I changed the plot a little bit and upped the OC. So fuck you normies who hate my idea of the hunters. Also stay tuned as I delve into I have no fucking clue to be honest with you. But I have a few things in mind. Review right now and I will type faster. Ughhhh let's see; gaming powers, new plot, something you want to have, all of the above? Just fucking tell me I am a pretty chill guy who tries to reply to everything. Also I will try to make long chapters at least 6k. Lots of love. Follow, Favorite, and Review ~Coarvus