placed a hand on Artemis's shoulders. "You can do this," she said, "You're going to tell him. You can do this." Artemis took a deep breath. Her weak resolve collapsed as she looked back to Percy, his wild hair sprouting into every direction. He was so handsome and out of her league she just...couldn't do it. So she took one inept step forward and then swiftly turned around. Aphrodite called after her and chased her down. She dragged the radio talk show host to the bar. "You're coming whether you want to or not." They entered the bar, and Percy's face lit up as he saw Aphrodite's face. Artemis felt as though she would give anything to have him look at her like that instead. "Artemis!" He looked at the real Artemis and furrowed his brow. It was not rude or disrespectful, it was just out of pure confusion. "Hello, Diana...right?" Artemis nodded. "Yep, that's my name." Aphrodite smiled at him. "I've got to go to the bathroom. Diana's got this really strange story to tell you!" She had to shout over the loud music, and Percy wilted just a bit to see the girl he thought was Artemis leave. Diana sat next to him. "I'll just have a light beer, please." Percy turned and ordered their drinks and a tray of appetizers. He turned back to her. She could smell the faint scent of the ocean and cologne and it was heaven to her lungs. His handsome face and mesmerizing green-blue eyes peered down at her as he said, "So. What's the story you wanted to tell me?" Artemis could feel her heart pounding in her chest. This was the moment when she would come clean, the moment when he realized that the girl he was so hopelessly into was actually a skinny, silver eyed freak that no one really liked. He would be so disappointed, Artemis fought the urge to cry. She felt as though she owed it to Percy to be like Aphrodite, but she wasn't. So she just said, "Oh, um, it's about societal pressures and you know, relationships between men and women…" She paused when she saw that Percy was completely uninterested, as it seemed. He looked back behind him to check if Aphrodite was back before she continued. "And you know, just being safe. You're probably wondering why I'm here." "No, not at all! I know exactly why you're here," Percy exclaimed, making relief flood into her head. She grinned. "Really, you do? And you're okay with it?" She was cautious at that point. What if he was mad? "Of course I am!" Percy said, and Artemis's eyes widened. He was okay that she lied about her appearance?! "I mean, it's a really good thing for you to do, you know, watching after Artemis like this. You wanna make sure I'm legit." Artemis nodded slowly. "Um...yeah...that's why I'm here." Percy looked behind him before placing his attention back on her. His focus on Artemis felt like a bright spotlight that completely blinded her. "What do you do for a living?" Artemis panicked. She couldn't tell him her real job or he'd figure it all out and then he'd be...well, you know. "Um...I…" she said what first came to her head. "I make wine." Percy raised an eyebrow. "Wine? That's...interesting." Artemis nodded, her voice monotone. "Yes. I inherited a large ranch from a freakish inheritance and now I come down to the Vineyard every week or so to check up on my grapes," she continued to explain about how she took care of her grapes, and although Percy looked like he was listening on the outside, she knew that he was extremely disinterested. Percy looked behind her one final time before Aphrodite came back. "So!" Aphrodite said perkily, "Did she tell you?" Percy nodded. Aphrodite's eyes lit up, misinterpreting his nod. "Yep. She told me that occasionally you would come down to Diana's ranch tend to her grapes." Artemis freaked out and she nodded frantically at Aphrodite's blank, dumb, and confused stare. "Huh? Uhh…" Artemis's nodding became more insistent as Percy wasn't looking and facing Aphrodite. Aphrodite finally took the hint after what felt like an eternity. It was silent for a few moments as Aphrodite formulated a response. "Oh! Oh yes! Her wine bottles make excellent Christmas gifts." A/N: Some of you might be wondering why this profile has been such a ghost town lately. Well, there's a few things. 1. I have lost a lot of my drive to write. When I am passionate about something, I am very passionate about it. Unfortunately, I have lost a lot of my "fire" so to speak. It's a huge character flaw of mine,. As such, I will not be writing as much as you guys want. Updates will be rare until I'm out of this funk. It may not last as long as you think. 2. I am a very stressed student. I feel very pressured to do well these days, as in our current economy and job market it is important to get a good degree and go to a prestigious college. I am definitely stressed. 3. I am currently working on a book! Yep, that's right, not fanfiction. That takes up time, too. I'm hoping to have it published and ready next summer. I actually haven't written this in...maybe six months. I never posted it. I'm posting it now as a sort of apology of my lack of activity. If you want me to continue this, I'll start working on it. It will take a while, as next update will likely be the same length as this. I don't think I'll be as active on this site as I used to, with life getting in the way and all. I write basically in short bursts. I don't sit down and write a thousand words at once like I used to. I am so sorry guys. Thank you for being such amazing readers. -coolcoco98