teach Zoe how to control taking her Divine form so she doesn't accidentally kill every one.' nodding Percy and Annabeth walk off towards a lake while I turn and follow Aunt Hestia to Mum's cabin. Around half hour later by which time I can not only ascend to my Divine form but change back and flash about mostly between the clearing we are in and Mum's, Mom's and Aunt Hestia's temple. We hear the sound of two people arguing. 'come on li'l sis what's wrong with offering to carry her bags for her.' 'one I like my hunters to be independent, two you are almost as big a womaniser as Father and three you are flirting with yet another of your own daughters' Aunt Hestia shakes her head and mutters something about being too much like his Father stepping out of the woods I smile as I see Mum laying in to Uncle Apollo while the hunters and campers watch them a little nervously. 'Phoebe take the girl's to the cabin and try not to disturb Thalia, I need to have a word with my Brother about not flirting with my hunters and his Daughters again' grabbing Apollo by the ear Mum drags him towards the big house. Seeing some of the hunters watching me I jog over to them. 'hi I'm Zoe and well I guess we will be spending a lot of time together.' smiling one of the girls with blond hair and blue eyes loops her arm through mine. 'I'm Diana Daughter of the idiot lady Artemis is now ripping in to welcome to the hunters of Artemis come on let's get you a bed sorted' grinning I let my still clueless cousin lead me in to the cabin. … sitting next to Diana I snicker as I see Phoebe have to stop Thalia from face planting in to the table again. I catch Thalia mutter something that sounds like 'let me sleep' but it's hard to tell as her speech is so slurred. Hearing some one banging something I look up to the head table where Mum is giving Dionysus or Mr D as the campers call him dirty looks about something. Notching Chiron banging one of hooves to get everyone's attention I give Mum a cheeky grin while she rolls her eyes at me. 'Hero's first I would like to welcome Lady Artemis and her Hunter's to camp our usual capture the flag game will commence on Friday' I notice the smug look and raise an eyebrow at Diana 'we always win' she quickly whispers to me. 'secondly' Chiron continues once the campers have stopped groaning. 'It gives me great pleasure to introduce a new Goddess Zoe Metis Daughter of Artemis and Athena minor Goddess of Hunting and Battle strategy' gulping slightly and ignoring the slightly hurt look from the hunters though I giggle when I see Annabeth's smug look I make my way up to the head table to stand next to Mum who wraps an arm round my waist I ignore the few chuckles that generates since Mum still looks like she is twelve while I look sixteen. 'uh hi' I mutter weakly while waving at the campers. THALIA Rolling my eyes I sit down in the stand of camp half blood's arena as I watch my now immortal kelp head of a cousin kicks some douche bag son of Aries ass in a sword fighting challenge. 'How did this idiot think it was a good idea to challenge the guy who not only took out more Titans than any one else in the war but was also made immortal so he could help keep training the future Demigods to use a sword' I mutter to my self while shaking my head. Some one snorts from behind me 'no one ever said Aries kids where smart dear' I whip my head round and smile at the four women behind me three of whom are in hunters uniforms while a slightly older blonde is in shorts and a orange camp t-shirt. I smile at the auburn haired grey eyed girl in front then smirk before dropping in to a deep bow. 'Lady Zoe,' turning to the others I can see them trying not to snigger 'Annie, Diana' I smile at the two blondes then turn to the other brunette 'Andi' before they can react I pull the auburn haired grey eyed beauty in front me in to a deep kiss. 'Thalia please stop making out with my sister' pulling apart I give the older looking blonde a glare. 'what I chose to do with my bad ass beautiful wife is non of your business Annie'. Smirking at her sister Zoe sits down then pulls me down in to her lap. 'I still can't believe Hera wouldn't perform your marriage Thalia' I just shrug 'not that surprising Annie she hates me, still the ceremony and the court room was nice' I smile as Zoe cheeks out the silver ring on her finger even after thirty years it still makes me smile that I married that crazy goddess who called cute a few minutes after being born. 'I'm more surprised Mum didn't kill Percy when he asked you to marry him, or when he got you pregnant with this li'l pest' Zoe jerks er thumb at Andi who pouts. 'I'm amazed her and Diana can share a tent given how messy her room used to be'. Andi sniggers before sitting down next to me and Zoe while pulling Diana in to her own lap. 'lighten up Mum so hows Dad doing?' 'given the idiot is still standing I think Seaweed brain is going easy on him.' Annabeth replies while sitting down on Andi and Diana' other side. 'he is,' Zoe pipes up 'I've seen him take on Ares, both my Mum's and that jerk Heracles at the same time and he beat them easy. Hades he could probably take the whole council if he really tried'