milady, what did you mean by it not being true?" I asked her curiously. "You do have somewhere to go. I see it. Your heart is pure gold, filled with more love and loyalty than any other hero has ever withheld. You will find your home soon." She said to me. I blushed a little, since I didn't really like compliments. I just did what I thought would help more people, not for fame. "I don't have any more purpose." I whispered quietly. Her gaze turned stern but lovingly, as if I was her son. "Then find one. Find a purpose in this life that will help you be happy. Use your heart for good." She said. I looked at her in puzzlement. She sighed quietly before looking up at my eyes. "I will help you hide, so that you may find your purpose without the influence of any of the gods." She said. I stared at her with my lips parted in shock. "H-How will you do that?" I asked quietly. "By blessing you my dear. With the influence of my powers, you won't be recognizable." She said and I nodded before bowing again. "I would be honored to be blessed by you, my Lady." I said and I could hear her soft chuckle. "Give me your hands." She said quietly as I held my hands out. She placed her hands in mine and closed her eyes. We were both engulfed in flames, but it did not hurt at all. It felt as if I was curled up by the fire with a blanket around me. I saw all of my happy memories cross the back of my eyelids, causing me to smile. The flames faded away sooner than I wished and we both opened our eyes. Hestia smiled at me as she looked at me. I looked down at my hands and I saw that my tan was darker. Hestia conjured up a mirror and held it out to me. I took it and I looked at my face, and I nearly dropped the glass. My hair was pitch black, darker than before. I looked at least 2 years older to some extent with my features. But my eyes... One remained sea-green with little dots of orange while the other was darker and had wisps of pure fire in it. I handed the mirror back to Hestia, my hand trembling slightly as I felt a new surge of power through me. "You are the first to be blessed by me, which means you will have many of my powers. Control over hope and fire. You can control the Hearth if I ever cannot do it myself. You may also conjure food at will if you need it." Hestia explained softly as I stared at her in shock. She snapped her fingers and in her hand was a black cloak with a large hood. "Wear this my boy, and no one will ever know it's you." She said as she handed me the cloak. "I will wear it with honor, my Lady." I said as I clasped it around my neck. I reached up and I pulled the hood over my face. She smiled softly at me. "I must go now. But if you ever need me, I will always come at your call." She said, kissing my cheek in a motherly fashion before disappearing in a plume of flames. *end of flashback* So I did listen to her and I chose a purpose. I now search for lost demigods and I either help them get to Camp Jupiter if they claim they came from Lupa or I help them get to Camp Half-Blood otherwise. Today, I helped triplets who couldn't be anymore different. It was obvious they were children of Apollo with their golden eyes and sun-kissed faces. I saved them from a pack of hellhounds, killing them all instantly before reaching the children. They looked at me in fear at first, but once I started talking, they soon came to trust me. The only girl of the three was the bravest as she was the first to speak to me. It's always sad when I have to say goodbye, but I know they'll be safe in the camps. I dropped them off at the bottom of Half-Blood Hill and I waited in the trees until they walked through the entrance, just to be sure. Today was one of the easier days, but I knew there's always going to be those hard ones. I try not to think of all the betrayals and hatred. But I can only hope that no one will really care that I left, it's better to be forgotten than to be remembered forever as the fake hero. Okay! So that's chapter one! What do y'all think so far? No worries, it'll all make sense REALLLLL soon! Song time! I'm gonna do that now cause it's fun. If you can figure out what song this is, you get a virtual cookie! XD Song Title- _ Put on your war paint You are a brick tied to me that's dragging me down Strike a match and I'll burn you to the ground We are the jack-o-lanterns in July Setting fire to the sky He-here comes this rising tide So come on Put on your war paint Cross walks and crossed hearts and hope-to-dies Silver clouds with grey linings So we can take the world back from the heart-attacked One maniac at a time we will take it back You know time crawls on when you're waiting for the song to start So dance alone to the beat of your heart Hey young blood Doesn't it feel like our time is running out? I'm gonna change you like a remix Then I'll raise you like a phoenix You're wearing our vintage misery No, I think it looked a little better on me I'm gonna change you like a remix Then I'll raise you like a phoenix