her eyes, and that she confessed that she was little by little falling in love with him. 'He didn't tell me that he has seen the colours too, and that he's falling in love with me. But Nico's a born joker or whatever you want to call him.' The girl said, 'That's why I love him so much. He tells me that he sees the colour of the world too, and that he loves me too. 'Since then, we stopped fucking.' Reyna started to cry again, and Jason held her back and tried to soothe her emotion, even though he was feeling so bad too. This girl just lost the love of her life, that she also lost the colour of the world in her sight. 'You know what Jason.' Said Reyna abruptly, 'Nico's about to take the operation last night. The doctors already prepared the apparatus and whatnot. They're just waiting for Nico's decision. 'Then he kept on telling us that he needed to talk to you first, because he wanted you to be there. Because you promised that you would be there on his operation day; that you needed to make him remember you as his best friend.' Jason looked at the coffin in front of everyone, where his best friend was lying. A ballad song was playing in the background, as the number of people increases. People whom Jason barely knew because he wasn't in here for three years. His eyes started to water again, he remembered those words that Nico conveyed when they last talked the night after their graduation day. He promised Nico that he would be there; but he didn't give Nico the choice to force him to be there because he said that it was his first anniversary with his girlfriend. 'But when he put the phone down after talking to you, he said he can't take the operation last night because you can't come. So instead, he said that he'll take the operation today. This morning.' Reyna continued, her voice was stuttering. Jason felt a pang of guilt on his gut, his stomach couldn't take the conscience that he could be the reason why Nico died. 'Don't think that you're the reason why he died. He died because it was his choice. His illness was already severe, and the operation might only cure him. Just fifty per cent of chances.' Jason remembered that Nico always wanted the promise to be kept. Nico never, at least once, had failed to keep a promise to anyone. He once had a promise with their high school classmate that he would help her with her final project – even though they too had a lot of things to do – he still helped the girl. Nico never spoke a lot, but he did a lot. He never said anything unless he was required to do so, he was more on actions. He believed that actions speak louder than words. Reyna once asked him if he really loved her. Because he never repeated to her saying 'I love you' so he answered her 'Are my actions not enough? Is my love not proved yet?' He kissed her forehead, down to her nose, then to her lips. And whispered in his softest voice, 'I love you so much.' Jason did the same thing to Nico. He asked him once if he was really Nico's best friend because he never told him not even once that he was his best friend. Nico abrupt gave Jason a hug, and whispered, 'You are not my best friend you are my brother.' =/= Eight days passed since the death of Nico. They were in the cemetery, watching the men digging a big hole for Nico's coffin. The priest was standing behind the coffin holding his small bottle of holy water. He casted a small prayer, and blest the coffin. The wind was howling on the vicinity, Jason was feeling the grief. But the wind told him to feel blissful. The girl beside him was holding his hand, telling him to stay strong. To let go of his best friend. He needed to move on. She couldn't tell him those yet, because for sure, he would get mad at her. He wouldn't get moved on in that abrupt. The coffin was being pushed down to the deep pit of abyss. The darkness was swarming the corpse of Nico, and flowers were filling its top. The tears of the people around him didn't stop from streaming down their faces. Reyna who was standing beside Nico's mother was kneeling on the ground, her face was red from agony, and her eyes were invisible because of the streaming tears. She was holding a portrait of Nico, wearing his coat and tie, and his dark hair was fixed, his dark eyes were gleaming, and his smile showed his happiness. 'Nico.' Reyna said, 'you can't leave me behind. I love you so much.' She was repeating those words forever. Piper was holding Jason so tight that she wasn't letting him to kneel down; she was supporting him, giving him the strength to fight this agony. But the pain on his face was shown by his lonesome frown. His eyes were red, and tears continued to stream down his face even though he said no words since they've been here. He was immobile, and he was just looking at the descending coffin. He didn't want to bid his farewell yet, they didn't even have their reunion yet. Why was the world so rude to him that he didn't even see his best friend first, or even to talk to him personally before he died? He didn't want him to die though, but he was questioning why it happened next to the happiest day of his life. Men were filling the hole again with the dug-out soil, and slowly, Jason and Reyna went to their knees, and cried nonstop. The blissful air turned out to be agony in their skins.