are always in three's," she said. "Dammit…" I whispered under my breath. "What was that you said?" She looked at me with her deep eyes, I had never noticed they had a little a bit of yellow in them. "Nothing who else is coming…" I changed the subject. "I'm not sure you will like it, as I don't know how you'll like it." She mumbled "What?" That made no sense. "I am going to bring Lydia…" she looked at me expectantly. "Kay, hey thank you for having faith in me." I smiled at her. "I like you Leander I feel like I knew you in past life or something. Maybe it is just your name," she shrugged. "What about my name?" I asked curiously "You have never heard the story of Hero and Leander?" She arched her eyebrow. "No." I stated. "There once was a priestess to Aphrodite known as Hero. She had fallen in love with a man across the strait named Leander. Every night she would light a flame in the tower so Leander could swim across and find her. Then one night during a storm her light blew out and Leander drowned. When Hero found her lover dead she jumped out of the tower and joined him in the underworld." She spoke mystically staring off into the distance. "That is so depressing." I whined. "But it is beautiful imagine being so in love with someone that life without them drives you insane." She looked at me carefully. "So are you in?" "Yeah sure!" I said happily she let out a large sigh. "Okay meet me by the big house tomorrow at noon okay," She said preparing to get up. "Okay, can we stay a bit longer?" I grabbed her wrist. "Sure…" she sat back down and stared into the distance. "Where are you from Nike?" I asked. "Alaska," she said flatly "Oh what was that like?" I asked curiously. I had never been to Alaska. "To be honest I don't remember very much. The only thing I remember was the Northern Lights." She paused and looked up to the sky listlessly. "Why is Olympia so mean…" I sighed "She is fine just an acquired taste," Nike smiled a little. When she did smile it was beautiful. "Yeah well is everyone nice to you?" I asked "No…" She frowned. " a lot of people don't like me," she shook her head. "I like you," I shrugged "You seem pretty chill," she laughed "Thanks," I laughed and for a nano second her eyes softened and locked with mine. The gaze broke. "So this quest...what are we going to do, I mean where are we going?" "Monsters like the one you shot, in the past few days their population have almost tripled. That little boy, Henry, who came in is the fifth this week. They are coming more often and younger too. Henry is seven, most half bloods come here from 11-14 ish age, This is the youngest one yet besides me. I don't what is going on but Chiron assigned me the task as I was leaving Henry. I was strategizing and strategically Lydia fights with a (insert weapon), I use a short sword and shield, we need a long distance weapon so I wanted to bring you for your skills." "Cool, okay, I got it," "Luckily, I don't think Olympia will be able to bother you on the quest" she smiled "Ha, yeah, so what are you supposed to bring on a quests?" I asked curiously. "Whatever you can carry on your back, you should go get a backpack, don't forget your quiver, unless of course your dad gives you one on before we go," She shrugged "I don't know, my dad has been really distant my entire life… I doubt he would suddenly give me stuff." I sighed. "You know it's kind of a tough situation our parents end up being in… If they contact us, and tell us who we are it only makes our stench stronger." Nike tried to comfort me. "But your Dad sent a lighting bolt down when I tried to sit at your table." I whined. "My dad is my only parent… You however have your mom… You wouldn't have wanted anything to happen to her because of your dad… I think that shows how much your dad loves you." She smiled. "Something did happen to my Mom...just not from my Dad…" I huffed. "You weren't abandoned when you were 5.." Nike spoke softly, a single tear in her eye. "I didn't mean to upset you…" I panicked "No it's fine, you should head to bed it's getting late out." She tried to compose herself. "I like it better out here then in a cabin full of strangers." I shrugged. "They are fine, Will is a nice guy the rest of them are too far from the surfable waves." She laughed at her own joke. "So you know Harmony too…" I smirked. "Nice girl, bit of an airhead though…" she explained "I would assume with that name and that hair," I smirked. Harmony had long hippy style blonde hair. "Well, her dad is the God of music…" She smirked "Ahem… my dad!" I laughed "Yeah, your Dad, to be honest I was really betting on you being kinda dumb maybe a fuckboy but you aren't. It is a very pleasant surprise." The breeze picked up I shivered silently thinking I should have brought a jacket. "Who says I'm not." I brushed my bangs jokingly out of my eyes… it reminded me of this annoying boy, his name was Joaquin and he did exactly that hand swoop motion all the time. "That is very irritating," She said flatly "Yeah it was," Then it went silent again. I checked my watch… "It is getting late, I'll see you in the morning." She stood up and walked toward the cabins. I paused and continued to look out over the camp this was my new home.