to sigh and command him to leave. He was waiting for him to call a rude remark. Leo wanted nothing more than to talk back to Nico. There was just something about the boy that got under Leo's skin and he was hoping this time he would give Nico a reason to be annoyed. Nico watched him cautiously. He didn't trust Leo, not in the slightest, "How?" "H-how? Um….Well, you just…" Leo panicked. He didn't know what to tell the boy. He hadn't expected Nico to actually want a reply. He expected him to say something along the lines of shut up Leo or go to hell. Then Leo could have easily come up with a good comeback. Instead he needed a new idea and he needed one fast. Looking around the room he suddenly got an idea. "I need your aviator jacket." Leo didn't wait for a reply before he grabbed Nico's jacket from beside the boy's bed and quickly put it on. He was surprised it fit him considering Nico was about half his size. Although it did make sense considering Nico always wore clothes that were too big for him. Zipping the jacket up Leo caught a glimpse of Nico's face from the corner of his eyes. The boy looked absolutely pissed. Leo could understand Nico's anger considering he wouldn't want his clothes to be worn by someone else who was drenched in water from there head to their feet. Despite the boy's obvious disapproval Leo didn't intend on stopping. He figured if Nico was going to be a jerk, he was at least going to get annoyed for it. Walking slowly towards the bed Leo stopped just before Nico, staring down at the sitting boy. He didn't hesitate before climbing up onto the bed, seeming completely oblivious to the cries from a startled and angry Nico. Leo wedged his way behind Nico before the boy turned on him, gazing with a mixture of rage and shock. "What the fuck?" He cried wildly. He was cut off as Leo circled his arms around the boy and pulled him down onto the bed. Nico instinctively pulled away, wrestling to get free. "Just hold still a minute!" Leo cried with a wicked smile. He expected Nico to resist- after all this was a pretty awkward position. Despite his anger Nico froze, huffing bitterly as he stared back at Leo. Leo, who wasn't expecting the boy to be so willing, gazed idiotically at him for a moment. Finally, snapping out of his trance, he remembered what he was supposed to do. His arms began to burn until a point of where they were almost on fire. Nico, not expecting the sudden heat, shifted uncomfortably. He didn't really understand why Leo was doing this or why the boy bothered with him, but he couldn't say that he was ungrateful for it. To tell the truth his upper body was quite warm, although his legs were freezing due to the fact that Leo's jeans were still soaked. Now he understood why the boy wanted his jacket. At least he wasn't completely wet. Sighing into the heat Nico leaned his head over slightly, allowing his face to brush against Leo's shoulder. The boy offered to keep Nico warm so why shouldn't he take advantage of it and get some sleep. Leo gazed down at the boy in his arms in complete and utter shock. He had wanted to make the boy angry, but now he realized that was completely out of the question. Instead Nico actually looked quite comfortable. Leo didn't know what to do at that point. Should he push the boy away and jump from the bed or just stay there and let him sleep? Looking at the boy once more Leo let out a growl of annoyance. Nico was actually pressed against him now, craving more of the warmth that Leo was bring him. How could Leo possible deny him now? Shaking his head he just sighed. "Thanks Leo." Nico whispered quietly into the boy's neck. Leo bite his lip harshly as the warm breath cascaded down his neck, leaving a warm trail in the wake of those sweet words. He hadn't expected Nico to have that kind of effect on him. He felt as though someone had just taken his heart on a rollercoaster, leaving it fluttering and beating fast. Hazily Leo wrapped his arms tighter around Nico's body, "Your welcome." Was the last words whispered before everything once again fell back to silence, the only noise coming from the beyond the walls of the Argo II and the erratic beating of Leo's heart. Even the slightest movement or the softest sigh of breath from Nico left Leo reeling; his heart beating fast, goose bumps rising on his skin, his body unwilling craving those simple actions from the boy beside him. He didn't understand why he was reacting like so. Nico was just a friend- No, an acquaintance at the most. He barely knew anything about Nico besides the fact that he usually scared the shit out people and was Hazel's half-brother. Yet there he was, feeling so many emotions for someone that he barely associated with. He didn't know how it was possible, but for a while he didn't mind, just letting the emotions wash over him. In the morning he knew it would be pretty awkward, but for that one moment it didn't matter. A/N: Well, yeah, this is the first chapter to my new Leo and Nico fan fiction! Hope you all liked it! Oh and I have a question that has nothing to do with my fan fiction, but I'm kind of curious about it. I and my friend were reading a Nico and Leo fan fiction the other day and in it Nico said, "Ti amo." I asked my friend what that meant and she said it was Italian for "I love you." It that true or not? I was just kind of curious.