from him for a short time, there was tension between them. Leo was a natural flirt, and he hadn't known that the woman, Hazel, had been married. For a few months, things had been extremely tight among the three of them, but after a while, it began to mellow out. Hazel's husband, Frank, wasn't entirely okay with him, but at least the glaring contests had come to an end. With a heavy sigh, he threw the door open. The shop wasn't the grandest thing, but it was home. The entrance lead to the shop itself. Against the back wall, a wooden wraparound counter stood, the top cluttered with bits of metal and other mechanical objects. On the wall across from it was his workbench, which was in an even sorrier state. From his shoulder, Festus snorted and produced a series of clicking sounds. "Yeah, I know I have to clean this place up. I'll do it tomorrow." The dragon shook his head and leapt to the ground. Leo gave the shop one last look before trudging up the stairs. He was exhausted. Before going to the castle he'd spent several hours working on his latest project, a sword for Jason's upcoming birthday (at the request of Piper, of course) and his arms were sore and aching. Festus was already waiting at the top and Leo could have sworn he was tapping his front foot impatiently. "Don't make that face at me," he chided and opened the door. Festus scurried in. The house was surprisingly clean, but then again, Leo spent most of his time down in the shop. As he made his way to his room, he stripped himself of his clothes and left them were they fell. He'd pick them up in the morning, but the only thing on his mind right now was sleep and how good the pillow felt beneath his face. His dreams were always strange and haphazard; this one was no different. He wasn't sure where he was. Dense forest surrounded him; tall trees with thick trunks lace with vines soared over his head. A canopy of leaves blocked the sun - only a few lucky slivers slipped through. Off to his right, a small, clear stream bubbled. In front of him, standing proudly in the middle of a small clearing was a massive oak. It's trunk was tangled with vines. Silver flowers bloomed at it's base, some rising between the gaps in the twisting roots. It looked like an ordinary tree, nothing to be impressed with, but as he neared the clearing, he noticed that there was something carved into the bark. The letters were strong and bold, chiseled with perfection that only a sculptor could manage. What they said, he wasn't sure, but he knew the writing was ancient. Then he heard it. It was probably the most beautiful sound he'd ever had the pleasure of listening to. It was soft yet powerful, sweet as sugar, and the tone was warm and rich. The longer he listened, the more he seemed to relax. He felt his worries melting away, the tension left his shoulder. All around the tree, the plants seemed to dance. No longer did he feel in control of his own body, and while the thought should have scared him, it didn't. He took a step, and then another, and another, and another until he was right at the base of the tree. Then he took another step, and walked into the tree. What lay on the other side could not be described with words. The grass was vibrant green, the sky bluer than he'd ever seen. The sun shown softly on the earth, not too warm, but just enough that it was the perfect temperature all around. Off to his immediate right was a glittering lake, but what stood behind it caught his attention the most. It should have looked out of place, but it didn't. The tower was made of smooth stone and rose nearly a hundred feet into the air. The walls were crawling with ivy and vines. Rose bushes and lilacs dotted the base. At the very top, just below where the blue shingled roof started, was a large window. The singing was softer now, more of a gentle hum than anything. He stepped forward. Inside the window he saw movement; a flash of golden brown and a blur of white. The humming stopped and everything around him felt silent. He tried to speak, to say something, but his mouth refused to respond. For a brief moment, he glanced away from the window, but when he looked back, someone was standing there. He felt the breath leave him. She was absolutely the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. Her hair the color of toasted bread, a warm and rich golden brown. It was pulled off to one side in a loose braid. Her complexion was pale, paler than he'd seen before, but it suited her. Even at that distance, he could tell she truly was beautiful; her brows arched perfectly, her lips were plump and full, and her nose turned up the slightest bit at the end. For what felt like eternity, they stared at each other. He couldn't move, he couldn't think. He wasn't even sure he was breathing. Then, her expression twisted with confusion. "You shouldn't be here," she said. Her voice was mesmerizing. Then, she lifted a hand and waved him away, and everything went black. When he woke, he was lying in his dark room, staring at the ceiling. He tried to remember exactly what he'd dreamed of, but he kept drawing a blank. He knew there was a woman, her voice echoed through his mind, but her face, was blurred and distorted. Even the place around him was fading from his memory. But her words still stuck. He laid there for nearly an hour, just listening to the last thing she said. You shouldn't be here. He didn't like how that sounded.