finishing before slowly fell backwards, the stress and pain slowly catching up to her. She expected to hit the floor with a heavy thud but was surprised as she fell onto a soft and deep pile of golden and brown leaves. "Wait there whilst we discuss the issue." The elder woman stated as she and the other two Gods quickly began whispering to one another, the words unclear but their meaning obvious... Eventually after what seemed like an eternity, the man spoke. "I cannot save you as none of our powers work on Mortals, but I can save the child but there are two things you must do for the boy," the God paused briefly to catch his breath before continuing, "...The first is to give him your blessing..." He told Adriana in a voice holding neither love or compassion...or any emotions for that matter. But Adriana knew better than to deny the order of an Olympian. The young mother looked down at her young child and felt a stinging pain creep into her heart. She knew what the man's next words would be and she knew who he was...but in all honesty she could not think of a better man to look after her young son. But that was when an obstacle arose. She had yet to name the boy as per her husband's family traditions. She knew that the family normally picked a name after five months with a small ceremony at the main family home, with the name being agreed upon by everyone. That responsibility had finally fallen all onto Adriana's shoulders...it was both worrying and comforting at the same time. Comforting because Adriana knew that she could finally name the child what she and her husband were pleading with their grandfather to name him for almost four and a half months...and finally, now he was gone, she could name the boy that. But then there was also the fear that the wrong name could make the child look foolish as he fought the enemy and earned eternal glory for the sake of the Gods...and that would all be pointless if he had a rubbish name. But then again, the name of arguably one of Greece's most powerful and famed Demigod's would be more than great name to name her own child. After several tense seconds, Adreana decided upon the name of her child that would lead Olympus to glory...or die trying. "I give you my blessing...Perseus." The young mother whispered as she managed to crane her head to kiss her son. The man sighed slightly, almost as if he was releaved over the fact she had finally reached her decision before speaking again, "Secondly, I need you to agree to allow me to adopt the boy and turn him into my own son. He will receive all of the powers and privileges of a true son of my realm. He will lead its forces when the time is right as he avenges the sins of those who wrong others over the course the time of his reign. He will become the one thing the God's fear..." The man paused for a second as if to allow himself a chance to build up some sort of dramatic tension, "...he will become powerful. More powerful than every Demigod who has ever lived! He will become my crown prince. My heir and son." The God paused to allow the woman to contemplate everything he had just told her. A few tense seconds passed as the Adriana finally made up her mind. She had a rough idea of what sort of journey the boy was about to embark upon...and she couldn't help but feel the pride well up in her slowly dying body as she uttered her final words. "I allow you to adopt my only son, my lord...turn him into the hero I and even the great city-state of Sparta never could..." The woman whispered as she slowly felt the last of her life-force drift from her body... " Lord Hades" xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Hello people, What's up? My name, as you have probably already seen is CrazyBearFaria or CBF, I don't care what you may call me. I am still fairly new to the website and I am still trying to grasp and comprehend the number of amazing stories that exist on this site alone. I began writing at the end of June and I have got to say that I don't regret it one bit...but a part of me screams that I WILL regret this story. Why? The whole Percy Jackson series, both "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" and "Heroes of Olympus" are amazing series that I have read from cover to cover and loved every single second of it. I don't regret my choice to read the books. But now I am able to write my own story about it...I am somewhat worried as to how this will all go down. These series have thousands of great stories written about them whilst die-hard fans critique every aspect of the story. And whilst I may never even come close to some of the best of them, I'm going to give it a bloody good try to do the series justice! That brings me to the important part of the story. It will ONLY continue if you guys choose to support it by reading, reviewing, fave'n and following, so I hope enough of you take the time to follow and review and at least give the story a chance. It will take one or two chapters to pick up speed but we will soon be on the regular PJATO storyline. Where I will not say...but we will be on it none-the-less. Any ways, I again beseech you to Read,Review,Fave and Follow, and, Of course guys, Keep it real like a Ninja, CBF. P.S I will put our little Hero's love life to a small poll later on if I get the kindda support I'd like for the story !