our family's car my father pulled me forward to introduce us. I was actually surprised by this woman- not really by how she acted, but how she looked. No matter how much I hated Hades ex-wife I would admit that Persephone was beautiful, yet she was nothing compared to Maria di Angelo. With tan skin, dark hair, and a skinny form she was definitely pretty. Not to mention the fact that she looked absolutely dazzling in her frilly, orange sundress. "Hello, Poseidon! Nice to see you again. This must be your son Percy." She gave me a graceful smile before extending her hand. I know I should have been shaking her hand instead of analyzing her voice, but immediately I picked up on her accent. It took me a while to place it, but after a while I came to the conclusion that she was Italian. Taking her hand gently, actually being slightly nervous, I gave a pleasant nod. "Nice to meet you, Percy. I've heard quite a lot about you." I'm sure have. It took all my power to not roll my eyes on instinct. I bet my father has said a lot about me- I'm rude, disrespectful, odd, awful, horrible, messed up in the head. I'm sure she's heard everything. (I know he's probably never said any of this, but my anger makes irrational thoughts. Oh well.) I was about to say something along the lines of hello or nice to meet you too, but I was quickly interrupted by the sudden voice behind the woman. "Mother!" The word was spoken softly, the voice sweet and kind despite the edge of discomfort. The clicking of shoes and light sound of breathing came next followed by the form that etched around the door to the patio, looking at us all as though she was a mouse surround by three hawks. All eyes on her. Immediately I knew this was Bianca, Maria's daughter. She looked so much like her mother- just as beautiful with an even more feminine and shy appearance. Her silky dark hair brimmed out from her tan hat, a few strands tangled within the black bow around the brim. She was pretty and I knew eventually as she got older she would reach her mother's level of beauty. She was already on her way. If she wasn't my cousin I probably would have asked her out. It may sound a little strange or freakish, but who wouldn't deny a pretty girl. "Oh, Bianca! Come here! I want you to meet Poseidon son- Percy Jackson." Maria declared my name in a regal manner, sounding as though I was a king or something. I could imagine myself as a king to be honest. My entire kingdom would probably crumble within a day or two, but for the time being we would all have a hell of a time. "Hello." Bianca stated simply, shaking my hand before drawing back quickly. Despite her shyness and withdraw she looked me directly in the eyes, her face stern and clear as she gave a quaint smile. Within seconds her attention was taken away from me and put back to her mother. The way she flipped her attention in a split second, more focused and more determined than most people are in their entire life, showed intelligence and precision in this one moment. "Nico won't leave his room." She once again stated simply. "Oh…," Maria gave a smile of sorts, but it wavered way too quickly. She turned to me and my father with a look that asked for something- patience. "Could you please excuse me for a moment? Or, if you wouldn't mind, try to help my son. He's just a little bit…how should I put this… shy." Maria said oddly, almost like she apologizing in advance. I didn't bother asking what she meant by help, but I followed as she led the way inside, heading towards the stairs across from the kitchen. She looked back at me and gave a smile of gratitude before looking back up the steps. "Nico, I have someone here that wants to meet you." Maria said tenderly before glancing up at the stairs as though she expected something (or someone). Rolling around the corner Maria called up the stairs, "Nico, come down stairs." "No." The single word was spoken flatly although footsteps followed. I watched the boy trudge around the corner and towards his beaming mother. Maria grinned before placing her hands gently on Nico's shoulders, holding the boy in place as though he would bolt within a moment's notice. I looked him up and down curiously, taking in his appearance and demeanor with one go. He was the complete opposite of his sister. Hell, to tell the truth he was more Goth than Thalia and that's saying something. He was wearing completely black, long bangs draped across his forehead and into dark, deep eyes. He had sadness within his expression. Or maybe he was just entirely sour. "Nico, this is the boy I was telling you about- Poseidon's son Percy." Maria gave a brief introduction. The look she gave Nico was a little harsh and the true meaning within was spoken loud and clear: Say anything or do anything embarrassing and your life is over. I get that look a lot so I already know how to spot it a mile away. The boy gave a slight huff before giving into his mother's accusing glare. With an extended hand he said the simplest…..scratch that, the most beautiful expression of human emotion that I have ever heard, "Hey. I'm Nico. I don't like you. You won't like me. This shit is overrated. I'm done here. Good fucking bye." Without another word the boy turned on his heels, jogging quickly back up the stairs as his mother and sister shared concerned looks. To say the least I was as shocked as they were, but within that moment I decided on one thing: Nico di Angelo was already amazing.