fork at her accusingly. "You look pretty good, so I'd guess you're a merchant's kid? You aren't in my year, I'd know if you were." Rachel shook her head, a small smile on her lips. "You wouldn't see me in your year. You're right about the merchant kid part but only a little. My dad, he creates a lot of the buildings for our District specifically. He got special permission by Mayor Hestia so I could be taught at home." "Why the special treatment?" I asked her blatantly. I didn't understand- special permission for what? School was school, we learned about the dams and the ocean, how to treat it and how to catch things from it. It wasn't rocket science and it wasn't too hard. Even the dumbest kid could probably learn the proper techniques with time. "Well- I, uh..." She said, her eyes going a little glassy. Her eyes were like an emerald green and seemed to hold knowledge I could never dream of. Weird. "I was supposed to be training to be future mayor...Lady Hestia recommended it herself. She said there were things they didn't teach you in school, so she suggested that I get home schooled...by her." "Woah, you got home schooled by the mayor ? Who are you?" "I'm Rachel Elizabeth Dare," the red head said. "My friends call me Red." "Not to be rude, but friends? I thought you were home schooled." I said stupidly. Red, however, took it with a smile. "Yeah, that doesn't mean I don't know anyone." "Okay, then." "Your mom, for example." Red said, her smile still on her face. "She runs the little candy cart down by the bridge. I buy her caramels sometimes." With a stone in my throat I put my fork down and pushed my plate away. I looked her dead in the eyes, a bitter taste in my mouth. "Don't talk about my mother," I said quietly, hoping I sounded deadly. To me I sounded scared but everyone hears themselves differently. It seemed to work on Rachel, because she opened her mouth about to say something- probably an apology- but I ignored it. "We aren't friends. This- this Game that the Capitol has us playing? I don't like it. I never have. But." I said, taking my fork back from my plate and jamming it into a solid roast beef slice on her plate, a few inches from her chin. "I will win, because I have people at home waiting for me. I'm not here to make friends, Rachel. I'm here to go back home." Blinking her eyes, she leaned back in her seat, getting farther away from me. Suddenly there was a laugh and a sharp breath behind me and I turned to see who it was. There, standing with a shocked look on her face, was Kym, followed by Triton and Amphritrite, Triton being the one who laughed and Amphritrite being the one who gasped. "He's got spunk," Triton said as he came to sit beside me in the booth. Up close I could get a better look at him then the Games I'd seen years prior. He had nice short black hair and blue eyes. His smile reminded me of a shark and his steep jaw probably could have cut cheese. Amphritrite went and sat next to Rachel, who still looked shocked that I would stab her beef, looking at me accusingly. Kym, feeling left out, pulled up a chair from a nearby table and put it at the end. Amphritrite, her hands folded, make a tsk sound. "Yes he has spunk, but let's reserve the fighting for the Arena, yes? We have other matters." "Well, we were expecting you guys to shower right after you got on, but sadly we were wrong," Kym said, throwing her long poop green locks behind her shoulder. "We should be getting to the Capitol in a few hours, since we aren't that far from it. When you arrive there you will be prepped and given to your stylists!" Kym said it like it was a great event, like it was some fashion show and we were the main event. I guess that's technically right, since all we are doing this whole week is showing off. I hate people like that. "A shower sounds nice," I said generally. I didn't know any of these people, I realized. Plus I just ruined the one ally I could have had. Well it's better than being friends. If I'm friends with this girl I'm in trouble. This is a fight to the death, not some school project. Unfortunately if I became friends with Red then I would treat her like I do all my friends; with undying loyalty and a need to sacrifice myself. I couldn't do that if I wanted to go home. I couldn't. That means I had to be on my own. My mom had told me once about the heroes of old- strong men and gods. Apparently these heroes had things called 'fatal flaws'. She said that if I was one of those, loyalty would be mine. I didn't use to think it was a fault, but now I get it. Kym pointed to the door to our left where two Peacekeepers stood guard. I nodded, stood up, waited for Triton to let me out of the booth, and proceeded to take the best shower I'd ever take in my whole life. Author's Note: I am soooo excited for this story. I have a lot of ideas and a lot of character stuff I think should be interesting. I know that Percy seems like a dick right now, but remember that this is the Hunger Games , soooo yeah. Next chapter we'll meet all the other tributes and meet Percy's trainer! Don't forget to fav and review! Check out my other works! Oh, and one question- should the story be Percy's POV the entire time, or do you want a character variety? Anyway, Ciao ~Cryellow