where your mother would go. I'll go with you and we'll try to narrow it down, pin-point her location and give Will a map." Will smiled. "Thank you guys. Chiron, I'll leave in the morning." The other head counselors began standing to leave. Jason rushed off with Percy and Piper in toe. Annabeth headed off with Lou Ellen. The Stoll brothers began trying to wake Clovis, but ultimately Butch from the Iris cabin ended up hauling him up and over his shoulder, opting to carry the sleeping male back to his cabin. "What about me?" Nico asked aggravated. "What am I supposed to do?" Will turned to face him and Chiron sighed. Almost matter of fact like, Chiron answered with, "Go about your regular activities." Apollo's son caught the look on Nico's face. He seemed hurt and angered that he was being tossed to the side. Hades's son made a sound of frustration and began to walk away. Will reached out and his hand gazed across Nico's rib, who flinched at the contact. "Nico." The smaller male was guarding the spot, his hand just hovering over the area. "You should let me look at your ribs. In the video, you hit the ground really hard." "It's fine, I don't need your help." His dark eyes focused on the floor before he pointedly stepped away once more and left. Will was still reaching out for his friend, but found himself confused. His and Nico's relationship seemed to always be like a current, they would get closer and then something would divide them again. Will excused himself and followed Nico. "Hey!" Apollo's son called out and the black haired boy stopped at the porch, dramatically aggravated by the brighter male still following him. Will was ready for the harsh glare Nico was going to give him and returned it with his own darkened glance. "Something is wrong with your ribs. Infirmary. Now." Nico looked hesitant, but Will didn't let up and he caved storming off to the medical room in the Big House. He claimed his bed that he'd lived in for those 'mandatory three days.' "Shirt off please." Nico groaned at the medic's request. "Come on, the longer you fight me, the longer we're going to be here." Will tugged his scrub top over his camp shirt and grabbed rubber gloves as well. Nico seemed to only be willing to partially agree to removing his shirt and tugged his arm in through the sleeve, then lifted the shirt half way until it rested on his shoulder. Will huffed, figuring it was the best he was going to get out of his stubborn friend. "Lay down on your stomach, Nico. Okay now turn towards me a bit." Doing as he was told, the son of Hades began to lift himself up and tried to turn towards Will. He flinched, quickly laying back down. "I need you to do that one more time," Will requested. "This time though, once you get to the point that hurts, hold it for me so I can figure out which rib it is." His breath was shaking and Nico nodded, doing the painful motion once again. He gritted his teeth as Will tenderly reached out, his fingers tracing along several of his upper ribs until he stopped at the first floating rib under Nico's ribcage. "C-Can I?" The son of Hades nodded to the mattress, requesting to lay down again. "Yeah." Will kept one hand in the region he suspected to be broken. "Okay, just breath in and out for me now," Apollo's son directed. He could feel the hesitation in Nico's breath. Just watching the smaller male's reaction to a simple task such as breathing, Will could see the pain he was trying fight back against showing. Nico felt those stupid skeletal butterflies that he'd hoped would have subsided thanks to the horrid blistering pain he felt with the pressure the healer kept tentatively applying to what was probably a broken rib. However those damn insects were back and flip flopping through his body like crazy. No matter what, it always happened with Solace. Within those three days, they'd gone from barely ever having spoken to one another to, by the last day, Nico being able to wordlessly help keep track of the day to day things within the infirmary. It may have been mostly silent aside from Will's music or their few conversations, but for some reason it worked well for them. "Just relax Nico, I'm going to heal it." Will cleared his throat and began with the first verse of the hymnal to his father Apollo. Nico listened to him as he spoke in Ancient Greek. Will sounded far more natural at the language than the son of Hades did and he let himself have a self indulgent thought of wanting to hear the blond male attempt speaking Italian. For a moment the prayer fluttered and Will sounded as if he'd read Nico's mind. Then he remembered the son of Apollo distinctively telling him, " When I'm using his hymn to heal, I get glimpses of the person. Their emotions, old injuries, sometimes memories that are important to them. The hymn opens them up to me a bit so I know where I need to do what and if I need to do more than recite it." Nico suddenly felt bare and turned around quickly, taking Will's hand in his own and stopping him. "Woah, Neeks. Chill out." Will tried to laugh, but Hades's son wasn't having it. "Let me fin-" "No. Will, I'm fine. It was a small crack, you got it." He swung his legs over and stood adjusting his shirt. "Thanks." He left in a rush and Will didn't even have time to tell Nico that he was welcome. Nico rushed to his cabin, fighting down the horrid pain in his side. He wasn't going to risk Will seeing so much of him, especially if he saw Nico's feelings towards him.