stabbed my weak spot and screamed in pain. When the pain faded I managed to say "good… blade" I looked at Annabeth as she knelt down beside me "You knew, I almost killed you, but you knew…" "Shhh," she said "You were a hero at the end, Luke. You'll go to Elysium." I believed her for some reason. But I knew that there was no way I could come back… someone was waiting for me in Elysium, someone who I wasn't going to leave again, but for Annabeth I was going to lie. "Think … rebirth. Try for three times. Isles of the Blest," I said "You always pushed yourself too hard," she replied sniffling. I lifted my hand to touch hers and I asked the question that I had to know the answer to. "Did you-" I coughed "… did you love me?" Annabeth said softly, "There was a time I thought … well, I thought …" she looked at Percy and I recognized the look she gave him. It was the same one Rose had given to me so many times. "You were like a brother to me, Luke… but I didn't love you." I nodded. I had hoped that was the answer but I had to be sure. I coughed again "We can get Ambrosia," said Grover. "We can –" "Grover," I said "You're the bravest Satyr I ever knew. But no. There's no healing …" coughing I reached up, and grabbed Percy's arm. "Ethan… Me… All the unclaimed... Don't let it … don't let it happen again." "I won't," he said. "I promise." I knew that he would keep that promise. As I died I remembered so many other things that had happened so long ago. And I realized that I hadn't lied to Annabeth, I had to come back again to help Rose again before we could finally rest in peace. I hated it. I was going to have to leave her side again, but it had to be this way. I would come back again someday. But my second life was already over. I had one last chance; we had one last chance, all of us. And as my spirit left my body, I found myself standing next to Percy, Annabeth and Grover, still surrounding my body, I watched up until the whole meeting was over. Then I followed Percy and Annabeth out of Olympus and then I listened in on Percy and my father's conversation. The part that really caught my attention was the Question that my father asked Percy "do you really think that Luke loved me in the end?" I wanted to answer him. Knowing what I knew now, I knew that my father had loved me and cared what happened to me just as he had said. And truthfully I had never hated him like I said. A part of me had always, and would always; love my father from both this life and my last. I wished I could tell him that but I knew that Percy would be the one to tell him. And I hoped, with all of my being, that Hermes would believe him. I moved away before the conversation was finished and went past Athena, who was waiting for Percy no doubt, and to the elevator. But before I go to the elevator I ran into someone who I hadn't seen for seven years. Seven long, painful, lonely years. She looked at me and smiled and held out her hand to me. Wasting no time I grabbed her hand and pulled her to me. She looked up at me and smiled. And I looked down into the face that still looked like a seventeen year olds. She lifted a hand to my cheek and whispered to me "you came home." I looked into her eyes, those golden-brown eyes that seemed like they never ended. I couldn't speak so I just nodded. She closed her eyes and hugged me close to her. My arms circled her waist; it had been to long since I had held her. She giggled softly and looked into my eyes again and pressed her lips to mine. I kissed her back so desperately trying to beg for her forgiveness. I had gotten her cousin killed and he probably wound up in the fields of punishment because of me. I had done so many horrible things. Gotten so many people killed. Yet, even if she didn't forgive me, I wouldn't be mad at her, I deserved for her to hate me. But as she continued to kiss me, I realized that she knew and forgave me a long time ago, she had known when she was dying, and yet she was here, with me again after seven long years. She pulled back and smiled at me, that sweet, warm, loving smile that I had missed so much. She pulled away from me and held out her hand to me. I looked at her as she said to me "Let's go, let's go to Elysium Luke. After this we can rest in peace. But for now, let's just get a short rest before we're separated from each other again. I smiled at her and took her outstretched hand in my own. I said to her "yes, let's go my princess." And as we headed to the underworld, I swore to myself that the next time I found Rose, I was never going to let her leave me again. As someone once said "death cannot stop love, it can only delay it for a while." And they were right. Rose was my one true love, and even after she died I didn't stop loving her, and I realized that I never would stop loving her. Not in this life, or the next. Because she is my Love, she is my Princess, she is my Light, and most importantly, she is my Rose. Hope you liked it! please review to tell me what you think