Frank and Hazel were talking about something that had happened in Camp Jupiter. I didn't really engage in anything, so I listened to Reyna and Annabeth. "-et why the word Youthful is capitalized." Annabeth was telling her. Reyna paused, thinking. "I don't know. In Roman language, we usually capitalized words when they were a place, person, or maybe represented someone or something." Annabeth's eyes lit up. "You're right! Maybe this represents something!" She started searching through an old book that was laying next to her. I thought about it. If Reyna was right, then maybe it did represent someone or something. Youthful. Now what might that represent? Reyna snapped her fingers. "I think I got it! It might be Juventas." Both Annabeth and I looked questioningly at her. She smiled. "Juventas is the Roman goddess of Youth." She explained. Annabeth nodded. "Right, in Greek that's Hebe. I think you may be right, Reyna. Now all we need to know is where she is." This time I spoke up. "From what I know of Hebe, I think she was a cupbearer to the gods." Reyna nodded. "I think so. But does she have her own temple? Or does she live in Olympus?" Annabeth shook her head. "Most likely the temple, if anything. If she really is corrupted, then the gods would not have wanted her in Olympus, if they know." I was slightly excited. We really were cracking the code. Reyna grinned and raised her voice. "Guys! Annabeth and I have found out the the corrupted person might be Hebe, goddess of Youth." Jason gave her a thumbs up. "Nice work. But where is she?" Annabeth frowned. "We don't know. Does anyone know of a temple where she might be?" "I might be able to help you with that." I turned. Chiron was coming in. "She has a temple in Texas. Where in Texas, I do not know." Percy laughed. "Texas? Why there?" Chiron looked at him. "Texas is the state with the most children, many of whom are struggling to live. Hebe moved there to help them out, but I guess she is now corrupted." Percy stopped laughing. "Sorry." He muttered. Chiron waved his hand. "It doesn't matter. You all must save her. Otherwise many children shall die young or have a terrible childhood. Hebe is more important than you might think." Jason nodded grimly. "We'll do it." He said. Reyna So now we knew who it was and where to go. And we had over twenty-five days to find her. Did any of this sound too easy to anyone else? "Reyna." Nico whispered. I looked at him. "Is it just me, or does this scream too easy?" He muttered. I nodded, glad that I wasn't the only one who thought this then. Percy turned around after the talk with Chiron. "Well, I guess this this it. Let's go!" Then he paused. "Wait, who has their drivers license?" He asked us. Drivers license? I have been to busy to worry about such things. So was everyone else, apparently. Leo grinned. At first, I was scared, afraid that he might have one, but instead he said: "I've got something even better." Jason looked at him. "Please tell me we're not all riding on Fetus?" He asked, slightly hopeful that is wasn't so. Leo shook his head sadly. "Unfortunately no. But I did have a backup program in case the Argo II was destroyed." He grinned crazily. This might not be so good. He led us to a cabin in the woods, which Jason told me they called Cabin Nine. Once in, Leo brought us downstairs into a huge workshop. Okay, huge is an understatement. This place made the Colosseum of Rome look like a garden bed. It was that large. You could probably get lost in here. Maybe forever. In fact, they had a train to get to the other side, according to Leo. We came to a space in the room taken up by what looked like the Argo II, only more like a futuristic battleship. The ship had millions of panels over it, and also had four massive propellers so that it could achieve liftoff. Leo smirked. "Like it? I got the idea from one of Harvey's comic books, and started building it before the Argo II was done. I let robots and the rest of my Cabin finish the job while we were saving the world." He began describing it to us, and I admit, I was lost by the second paragraph. The only one who seemed to understand at least most of it was Annabeth. Apparently it could turns invisible, was noiseless, and could also submerge if needed. And it was very technological, with some magic here and there. "I haven't named it yet, but I think we can vote. What do you say?" Leo finished. Percy grinned. " Argo II 2.0 ?" He asked. Leo shook his head. "Nah, been done." "What about The Seahawk ?" Jason said. "Since it can do both air and water." "Maybe." Leo answered. "But it doesn't seem to do the ship enough justice." "Then why don't we call it Calueche ." Nico said. He grinned. "It was a ghost ship from a mythology book I read." We shrugged. "I think I liked The Seahawk better. Sorry Nico." Percy said. Most agreed. The Seahawk it was. Leo opened the roof, and we boarded The Seahawk . It flew into the air, making less noise then a hair falling on carpet. Leo punched a few buttons, and we vanished from sight. According to Leo, the panels also blocked radar and heat scanners, so that we couldn't be tracked. It truly was a masterpiece. No wonder Leo had saved this for later. If I knew my ship was going destroyed in a war, I'd save the better one for later too. And cut! How was that? I'm actually quite proud of this one. Way better than most of my other stories. Review please!