Nico held onto the son of Jupiter like his only lifeline left. Their continuous connection bound them together, a faithful reminder of their love. Nico unconsciously rolled his hips and the blonde moaned, unable to stop himself. The heat and tension in the room was so palpable, he could just come right at the moment. "N-Nico." The single nod was all that he needed for permission. It started as a slow-paced race but as soon as Jason managed to hit that 'jackpot', it was all over for him. The hauntingly beautiful demigod revealed out for him tightened around him and a pitiful noise escaped his blood-red lips. His hands clutched at the thin cotton sheets, looking for a purchase, a stronghold keep him anchor in the brewing storm of emotion that was sweeping the two teens off their feet. It wasn't, truly, long before the two of them came, only seconds away from each other. With a groan, they collapsed with weak limbs but full hearts on top of each other; Jason carefully slid out of the beat half-Italian instinctively laying down with him and caressing him. His warm arms enveloped the small figure and protected him from every demon both inside and out. It had been a long time since Nico di Angelo felt safe like this, safe from monsters, safe from the Gods and Fates, safe from the judgment, safe from hurt and pain and sorrow. But soon he pressed a fleeting hand to the bare, and impressive, chest in front of his eyes, steadying it with another. "Grace. Grace. Jason. " "Mhh." The blue eyes opened reluctantly before closing again with a content sigh. His grip was almost an endearing suffocation to Nico. "Gods, I love you." "J-Jason. Wake up. We need to," he tried to put up a struggle against the solid mass of muscle, "We need to clean up." After a minute of asking and waking up and coaxing, they struggled through the chaos of random clothing on the floor and made it to the bathroom. Jason's amused face turned out to be, at least to Nico, more contorted than he thought of it to be. "What's going to be the incentive?" "Being sanitary." "Really, Nico," the hot breath on the shell of his ear made a chill run down his spine. The blonde's big and calloused hands were free to roam wherever they wanted and they tried to, once again, zip down the black skirt. Funnily enough, it opened and slid right down Nico's hips, pooling over his feet. They paused, stopped right in the middle of the moment, an awkward silence overtaking them. Nico's jaw hung open, words forming and dying on the tip of his tongue. A weird stuttering was present as the son of Hades did not know what to say; Jason only used that to his advantage and pulled him into a breathtaking (quite literally so) kiss. The ebony-haired teen went boneless as Jason smirked as their tongue's wrestled in a secret tango of their own. "How 'bout we take this while cleaning up?" "H-huh?" The next thing that Nico's short-circuited brain processed was how the blonde was carrying them into the shower; Nico's back was pressed against the cold tiles, soon warmed by the heat of the two colliding bodies and the scalding water temperature. It would be a long while until the two teens separated for the day. The next bright sunny morning, a bleary son of Hades walked into the Dining Hall, and, undetected, grabbed a plate and goblet for himself. He was going to sit at the empty Hades table when someone seemed to be waving at him. With a heavy grunt, he tried his best not to limp towards his friends. He sat next to the familiar blonde, who smiled all too cheerfully at him. Making sure that any of the others (basically the seven minus Percy because he was too badass for early mornings) The pointed look made him reconcile for a bit before mouthing 'sorry' towards the younger teen. Still not satisfied yet not knowing what to do, Nico started munching on the piece of toast on his plate. It was hard not to squirm in his seat, and when Jason grinned (not at all subtly), the son of Hades kicked him under the table. "You okay, man? You look like you have ants in your pants." "I can assure you," Nico managed with a straight face, but Jason not so much, "that there are no bugs in my pants, Valdez." "Pants?" Nico kicked Jason for that, and Piper made puppy eyes at them with a total I-told-you-so look on her face which the male blonde pointedly ignored. "Lighting bug?" the son of Hephaestus grinned hopefully. Three were snickers around their table, and Hazel was helping Frank to breathe properly after he choked on his juice. Nico only shot Leo a glare. "I would know if there was a bug in my pants. Besides, as a child of Hades, I don't really attract living things." Abruptly, the son of Poseidon sat at the table, and gave his blonde sweetheart a little kiss on the cheek. "Hey guys. Oh, hey Nico. Why are you wearing a turtleneck when it's ninety degrees outside? Are you sick?" Annabeth, Leo, and Piper laughed obnoxiously loud while the others (minus the two new lovebirds) were stuck in confusion. Percy watched the son of Jupiter stab his eggs quite vigorously and the son of Hades nibble at his food when it hit him like a train full of bricks. "Oh." He then dug into his own food with a knowing grin on his face. Underneath the table, the blonde snaked his hand slowly, inching towards Nico's own small, fine-boned yet capable hands (or whichever was closest to him). When he finally gripped it, they intertwined their fingers together as if on instinct and nobody else noticed the mirrored smiles on their faces. It seemed like a pretty good beginning.