blast of wind struck me like a metal bat. I braced myself for the hard brick wall, but was surprised when my body slammed into the cold, hard ground. I was in a dark alley. As I struggled to get up, moaning was evident ahead of me. There I saw Rob lying on the ground. Colt was tracing a dagger near Rob's throat. There was a small gash on his forehead. "So Robert, describe to me in detail how funny it was to throw that tennis ball at me. Don't be shy," He said mockingly. Colt cut a wound on Rob's arm. My anger began to flare. Using my newfound strength, I charged at Colt . I didn't even get close to him. I was brushed aside like a paper bag into the wall. He fixed his gaze on me. "Wait your turn son of Zeus. I'll handle you after I deal with this little nuisance," Colt said as he immediately went back to torching Rob. I didn't even know what he was talking about when he said called me a son of Zeus, but I didn't even care. My rage was growing by the millisecond. I grabbed a stray rock on the floor and sprinted at Colt "Get the fuck off him!" I screamed as I threw it at him. The rock slammed into his cheek with tremendous force. A deep gash broke through the skin of his cheek. A golden liquid dripped out of the wound. A powerful gale of wind immediately slammed me to the ground. "Oh! Looks like someone's getting a little ballsy!" He said sadistically. "I'll make sure that you're death is extra painful!" A twisted smile appeared on his face as he turned his attention back to Rob. "But first." Colt walked back to Rob and held the dagger to his throat. "I'm gonna kill him." "Don't you dare you fuck!" I struggled to get up, but another gale of wind slammed me back. "Ah, ah, ah! You'll have to wait your turn for me to kill you," he said mockingly. My anger began to morph into fear for both Rob's and my life. "Please. Don't do this," I said sorrowfully. Rickey's smile grew into a sadistic grin. He pressed the knife against Rob's throat. tiny beads of blood appeared on Rob's throat as he pressed it down. Rob's eye's seemed to spring back to life as the blood began to leak from his neck. "Stop now!" I stuttered. "Please!" "You see maybe I'd consider sparing his life if you didn't throw that rock at me." He slid the blade slowly across Rob's neck. Rob's mouth seemed to open slowly and close as if he was trying to speak, His eyes flickered rapidly like he thought he was dreaming this scene, and this entire time he stared at me with eyes that practically screamed help. Rob's eye fluttering stopped when Colt cut his entire throat. Colt let go of Rob's hair. Rob fell to the ground lifelessly. A pool of blood began to gather around Rob's throat. I didn't make an effort to get up. I didn't have the strength or will to move. My body had completely shut down. I barely even noticed the pain of the dagger as it went directly into my stomach. The warm red liquid began to pour out like a river. I made no effort to even fight. It was hopeless after all. Rob was dead and I was stabbed. Even if I tried to fight I'd be killed quickly, So I just laid there waiting for death to whisk me away to gods no where. I heard Colt spit. "Pathetic. You're the only son of Zeus I've seen to just give up, but I guess I can't expect more from a demigod who was raised by mortals," He said with disgust. He turned his head back to Rob. "Oh, it looks like your friend managed to live getting a slit throat. I guess I didn't cut deep enough. Well, that's okay. It's an easy mistake to fix." He held up his dagger and walked towards Rob. Athena told me that my transformation occurred at age twelve because that was the time that your average demigod powers begin to appear, but she also said that being fatally wounded by Colt could have possibly accelerated the process. I can't help but disagree with that because when I saw Colt going to finish Rob off I felt something powerful and dangerous bellow through me. Newfound anger began to pour into me, but this anger was different. It was a primordial anger that was beyond human rational. No thoughts came through me but to kill the threat. .I remember hearing jolts of electricity as my wound quickly closed. I got up quickly despite slipping a few times. "Let him go," I said coolly. "Oh, so I guess I did a poor job on yo-." He stopped. Colt's face contorted from cockiness to fear in an instant.I didn't even register it at the time. I moved as fast as the wind and grabbed Colt. I was moving so fast that a brick wall was the only thing that stopped me. I slammed my hand onto Colt's forehead. I pulsed as much electricity as I could into him. He screamed in agony as was being electrocuted. He was eventually reduced to nothing but a pile of ashes, burnt meat, and bones. I felt myself calm down. I then immediately turned my attention back to Rob. He was bleeding out pretty bad, but I could still see him breathing. I began to run to him only to fall back down. A dark aura began to form around me. I couldn't move. I could only watch as everything began to get consumed by darkness. The alley, the rock, Colt's remains, and Rob were all consumed by the waves of darkness. What I saw next was worse than I could have ever seen in my nightmares.