months ago and before he left he was bouncing off the walls with excitement. So, I just wanted to ask you all to stay as calm as possible to not disturb our other guests and, if you can, keep you noise to a minimum. Other than that, I just wanted to wish you a enjoyable stay in Rome." The woman spread her arms graciously as she finished her short speech and began to back up. "Mrs. di Angelo," Rachel interrupted her suddenly, "Is your son going to be participating in our tour of Italy? I thought I he was supposed to be with the program." "He is." Maria assured with a light nod, "Since he spent so much time in America I figured it would be good for him to also spend some time in Italy. Not just Rome, but all over Italy. He'll probably be ready to start the tour with you this afternoon." "Thank you." Rachel said with appreciation of the clarification as Chiron handed her a t-shirt that I assumed was for her son. Turning back to us, face still beaming, Rachel clapped her hands again for emphasis. "Why do you keep clapping?" A high pitched girl's voice echoed through the spacy room as she raised her hand for an answer. "Because it seems like a very school teacher thing to do." Rachel justified, planting her hands on her hips, "Anyways, I'll be passing around a clipboard. I want everyone to sign up for a room number. Two people per room. Just write you and your roommate's name down." Immediately when she said two per room I began to sweat. Of course I didn't know what to do. How do you ask someone random if they want to share a room with you? Just walk up and say you want to sleep in the bed next to me for a week? "Hey Percy, you want to just share a room with me. I don't really know anyone here so…." Grover simply trailed off "Sure." I agreed simply. Plopping down onto one of the leather couch, I sat there waiting for the clipboard with the roommate sign ups to come around. And then I saw him. Stalking across the hotel lobby, hands in jean, black shirt hanging nearly to the knees, I saw him approach the hotel owner with a distinct sense of business. Automatically, I knew who he was. The boy looked exactly like his mother, only faded. His skin, his hair, his eyes- everything about him was the spitting image of the older woman, but every part of him was also washed out. There was a lack of smile on his lips and a bitter taste in my mouth from the very thought of his presence for the entire trip through Italy. His skin was splotched with a few patches of sun burn and bruises and scars, however, the actual color was pasty and white, making him look more dead than alive. Long strings of black hair feel awkwardly into his eyes and face, brushing his lips and nose. Eyes were shaded the color of ebony, tiny flecks of amber showing through only to be casted into a more grayish hue. Tall and lanky body moved across the room seamlessly, however, as he approached his mother. Immediately he began to speak in a hushed tone. And that's when the swarm of butterflies started, crippling any form of reaction I had. His voice, so soft spoken and light, so heavy and beautiful, so curled and twisted. The accent was overwhelming thick making each word he spoke sound exotic. Even more exotic when he switched from English to Italian, the speech losing all sense to me other than that fact that is was so pretty. "Nico, non discutere!" Maria snapped, holding out the gray t-shirt to Nico. For a moment the boy bared his teeth, looking feral and uncontrollable. His anger boiled and the swarm of red garnished his cheeks. I watched as Rachel turned away from the two, eyes wide and rolling. Her face told it all: the boy was going to be a complete and utter annoyance. With out missing a beat, Rachel once again clapped her hands, signaling for us to make our way to the elevator. I had been watching the little scene so long that I didn't notice the fact that the clip board had already been passed around and Grover had already written our names down. Standing up mystified, I stepped along with the group, still locking my eyes on him. I ponder his looks for a minute, who he was, what he was really like. And that's when I realized I now knew his name. Nico… I mouthed the word quietly to myself. Letting the taste shimmer on my mouth. It was spicy in a way and beautiful in another. His name was the sweetest thing that had ever been uttered between my lips and the most sinister thing that has ever been spoken into the is everything all at once. Grappling for the t-shirt in Maria's hand, pulling it close to his chest in a near protective manner, Nico made a 'hum' noise before storming off. Pacing across the hotel lobby he began moving in my direction. He was looking directly at me. And I could feel the butterflies clawing for a way out of my stomach. They were fluttering hard enough to burst through. My chest was tight as well. They must have migrated upwards. He stared at me, eyes piercing my own, as he march in a direct path towards me. The shorter boy collided with me harshly, however, he simple forced through, not allowing the sudden obstacle to obscure his course. I stumbled sideways, feeling a chill pass through my body as his skin connected with my own. Finding my balance, standing up straighter, I glanced back at him before muttering a single word. "Asshole." And with that all the mystification and butterflies in my stomach died.