it. This guy is the son of either Zeus, Hades, or Poseidon?! That's so fucking awesome and terrifying at the same time! "I can't just leave you," Percy says in a bothered tone. "Don't worry about us," Grover said. "Go!" At this, Percy took the cap and put it on. All doubts I had about the cap was gone the moment the guy fucking disappeared. All hail the mighty Yankee cap. Apparently, she had only one of those godly magical life-saving caps so we are still stuck here waiting for our deaths. They continue creeping closer until they start wailing. I cover my ears as fear engulf my body. The old ladies were not old ladies anymore. Their faces were still the same, I guess those couldn't get any uglier, but their bodies had shriveled into leathery brown hag bodies with bat's wings and hands and feet like gargoyle claws. Their handbags had turned into fiery whips. The Furies surrounded us, lashing their whips, hissing: "Where is it? Where?" I start summoning lighting between my fingers, ready to defend or attack if need be. The other people on the bus were screaming, cowering in their seats. They saw something, all right. He's not here!" Annabeth yelled. "He's gone!" The Furies raised their whips. Annabeth drew her bronze knife. Grover grabbed a tin can from his snack bag and prepared to throw it. Where was she even keeping that thing? I was my fists up and have lightning encircle them. Annabeth gasp at the sight. I guess she can't summon lightning. The furies eyes widen and then they start screeching. """Sky Spawn!""" all 3 yelled. I hold back the need to cover my ears to keep my guard up but all of a sudden I'm struggling to keep standing. Apparently, the bus slammed against the side of the tunnel. Then when I finally thought it was over, The bus wailed, spun a full circle on the wet asphalt, and crashed into the trees. The emergency lights came on. The door flew open. The bus driver was the first one out, the passengers yelling as they stampeded after him. I stepped into the driver's seat and let them pass. The Furies regained their balance. They lashed their whips at Annabeth while she waved her knife and yelled in Ancient Greek, that I somehow understood, telling them to back off, Grover threw tin cans, and I was dodging the whip from one while trying to punch and electrocute it. "Hey!" I hear Percy yell from somewhere in the front. The Furies turned, baring their yellow fangs at Percy. One stalked up the aisle flicking her whip as red flames danced along the barbed leather. Her two ugly sisters hopped on top of the seats on either side of her and crawled toward Percy like huge nasty lizards. "Perseus Jackson," one of the demons said,", in an accent that was definitely from somewhere farther south than Georgia. "You have offended the gods. You shall die."...What the hell did this guy DO?! "I liked you better as a math teacher," he told her...WHAT!? She growled. Annabeth and Grover moved up behind the Furies cautiously, looking for an opening. I moved up behind the math teacher(?) and punch her repeatedly in the back as hard as I can, sending small shocks through her body and stopping her, making her paralyzed. Percy takes out a pin and in the next moment, it turns into a cool looking swords. He slices off the Fury's head with one swing and she becomes nothing but dust, I really got to get me one of those. I turn to see Annabeth wrestling one of the furies while Grover ripped the whip from her hands. "Ow!" he yelled. "Ow! Hot! Hot!" One of the other Furies went to attack Percy but with a simple swing, she joined her friend in the dust pile. The last one was trying to get Annabeth off her back. She kicked, clawed, hissed and bit, but Annabeth held on while Grover got her legs tied up in her own whip. Finally, they both shoved her backward into the aisle. She tried to get up, but she didn't have room to flap her bat wings, so she kept falling down. "Zeus will destroy you!" she promised. "Hades will have your soul!" "Braccas meas vescimini!" Percy yelled. I look at him weirdly. "Did you just say 'eat my pants'?" "Get out!" Annabeth yelled at us. "Now!" They didn't need any encouragement. They all rushed out but I didn't for some reason. I felt something coming. Something good, that I needed to greet. I can hear screaming from outside the bus and people calling my name but I ignore it. BOOOOOM! Suddenly there was a bright flash of light and everything around me exploded, yet I stayed perfectly safe. I felt empowered for some reason and felt the control of my lightning growing stronger by the second. My heart starts pumping 100 miles per sec and my muscles tense. I hear the remaining Fury screaming in pain, although I don't know why. All of this happens in a second and stops just as quickly. The light fades and the bus is destroyed. I slowly walk out the bus to join the others but before I can say anything, all 3 of them beat me to it. """Oh my gods..""" they say in awe as they stare above my head. I look up confused until I see some type of thunderbolt shaped hologram floating above my head. In a few seconds, it disappears, leaving me utterly confused. Annabeth shakes her head, seemingly thinking about something. "Run!" Annabeth said. "She's calling for reinforcements! We have to get out of here!" We plunged into the woods as the rain poured down, the bus in flames behind us, and nothing but darkness ahead. Despite all that happened, though, I couldn't keep the smile off my face. This is the best moment of my life!