sleep right next to the fountain and the following day he talked to no one but instead sat in a numb state all day. It was only about a week after their breakup when Annabeth approached him on the beach. "Hey," She said softly, sitting a little bit away from him. "Hey," He replied. It was the first time he talked all week. He hadn't seen Nico, either. No one seemed to be afraid of Percy, so he doubted that Nico had told anyone the events of that night. It still filled him with a little guilt and shame when he thought about kissing Nico. Annabeth turned to face him, her hair in a ponytail. "Look, I know I said some hurtful things to you Percy. I am so sorry for that. I-I don't want to get back together, but I still want to be friends. You know more about me than anyone and I can't cut you out of my life. After all we've been through it wouldn't be fair." "I can't cut you out either," Percy had whispered back at her, his hands gripping the sand under his legs. "I'm going to go to New Rome," she told him solemnly. "And just so you know, I don't feel that way about Josh. He's a friend. When I went on the tour I thought about it, but it didn't feel right. It didn't feel right to me. I just wanted to clear the air." "I wish I could say the same for Nico," Percy said quietly. He almost hoped she didn't hear, but of course, she did. She smiled a little sad and looped her fingers together. "I don't know what to say about that, Perce. But I know he's been trying to ween what happened to you out of every camper. He's pretty stubborn when he wants to be. I'm just surprised he hasn't came to me, yet. He's worried about you." With a lump in his throat Percy realized Nico had done what he asked- not to go to Annabeth about it. It sounds as if he had gone to every camper except the one that was involved. "I-I don't know what to feel about him," Percy said, his eyes wide with a little fear. "I...I thought that I was just, ya know, thinking about it. Nothing too serious. Just thinking about how he had a crush on me...I pondered the idea longer than I thought I would. Eventually it started to bother me that he had said I wasn't his type. And I..." He looked at her extremely guiltily and bit his lip. "It's okay," Annabeth said nodding. "Really." "No it's not," Percy said miserable. He decided he didn't want to be dishonest with her. He let (almost) everything he'd been thinking, out. He'd never told anyone about what Gabe had done to him, and he wasn't about to now. "I felt so guilty when I started liking him. I used to get so mad at myself for what I was doing to you. It wasn't fair at all. I still wanted to go to New Rome- to live with you and to spend time with you. I just wasn't sure if I wanted it the same way anymore. Every time I thought about him I kept hearing 'you're not my type'. I just couldn't help myself. I even started to feel guilty because he's my cousin! It just kept eating at me. I-I-I knew it was unfair to think those things and still want to keep you close, but I did anyway. I've done some shitty things, Annabeth. I am so sorry that you had to be affected by those things." "Oh Percy," Annabeth said softly. She did something unexpected- she laid her head on his shoulder. Now it felt different to Percy. It didn't feel romantic, per say, more like friendly. Sisterly. "The night we broke up?" Percy said slowly, trying to keep his calm. "Yeah?" Annabeth asked. "I cried myself to sleep," he admitted. "I thought that I'd lost you forever. I thought that we- that I had messed up everything that I tried to build. It tore me apart, thinking that I had hurt you so bad." Annabeth made no comment, but Percy knew she probably hadn't fared any better than he had. "I tore my cabin apart. I was so angry . At myself, at the situation. I never wanted to hurt you that way. Eventually...Nico came." "Nico went to check on you?" Annabeth turned her head a little but didn't move too drastically. "He saw I hadn't come to dinner. He shadowtraveled into my cabin when I tried to kick him out." "How did you make him leave? Sounds like he was determined." Percy hesitated, not sure if he really wanted to let slip the whole night. It was right after their breakup, after all. It's not like it was too far after he had denied that he liked the boy. To say that he had kissed him and used his creepy body control powers...? Not exactly something good. Percy gulped a little, trying to hide his anxiety. "He was. I ended up reminding him that it wasn't his business and he left." "Oh," Annabeth said. She sounded like she could tell he was lying but decided not to fight. "You should probably talk to him." "And say what? Oh yeah, you know how you said I wasn't your type? Well I think the exact opposite! I think we'd make a really great pair, if you're still in love with me! But you aren't so what's the point? Oh, I know! Just to make myself look more dumb and extremely embarrassed!" "You could at least tell him what happened. Explain that you were upset." "I...I'd rather not face him right now." Percy said, uncertain and nervous. "You'll have to do it eventually," Annabeth replied. She got up and left him to his thoughts. Don't forget to fav and review! ~Cryellow