children she treated me like I was hers but at first she was angry and so was her mom Demeter but they put it aside knowing that it wasn't my fault that i was born. She turned her head to grab her weed grappler and looked up realizing I was standing there. ''Nico!'' my mother said yelling in delight then put down her tools and gave me hug. As usual she smelt like scented roses and put warmth in a person's heart everytime someone looked at her. ''I'm glad I caught you before you know who thinks I have been kidnapped again.'' she said while rolling her eyes. I smiled at her and suddenly I heard my three headed dog, Cerberus, running towards me and my father walking behind him. ''Cerberus!'' I said while my dog licked my face with all 3 of his then he made me fall to the ground with slob on my face. As I sat up I saw my father grinning and laughing at me, with his hands behind his back. What was he holding ? ''Hello my son'' he said with a big smile. ''We have a surprise for you'' he continued and then took the box from behind his back. It had polished onyx circular rocks on top of it and was leather. As my father opened the box, my mouth dropped open. It was pure gold (which I learned from him because he is the god of wealth, cool thing to know) with polished onyx on it like on the box and had circular red rubies going around the crown. I almost dropped dead but I didn't want to die just yet so I hugged my parents and thanked them and my father placed the crown on my head. It fitted perfectly and was a lot less heavier than I thought it would be. After I said goodbye to my mother for 3 months and patted my dog and shadow traveled to Olympus. Surprisingly I was the first person back and soon I saw Thalia running towards me with a golden tiara on her head. ''What took ya so long Death Breath'' Thalia said smiling at me. I pointed to the crown and my head then we laughed. '' Alright Ghost Lord'' Thalia said smiling, I had got that title when some ghost had miraculously captured Thanatos and so the dead were coming alive but luckily I got to him first, banishing the ghost that led the rebellion to Tartarus so then I got the title Ghost Lord while Thalia got the title Princess of Olympus for saving the Hunters Of Artemis from Orion's followers. While Percy got the title Tidal Lord, for defeating some monsters or something. ''Where is Kelp Head!'' Thalia said impatiently. Suddenly Percy came out of nowhere changing from water to um well solid I guess.''Gods Percy!, I told you not to do that anymore!'' Thalia said angrily. I saw Percy's crown which was basically like all our crowns because it represent our parents domains and our personalities. Percy smiled and took out his trident.''Let's go give a show '' he said with a childish child then we all started to get ready for our guest. Annabeth's P.O.V When we were about to head to Mount Olympus he told us to be respectful but I had a feeling he wasn't talking about the instead of leading us outside camp Chiron guided us to a locked room in the big house. ''We're gonna have to move it again'' Mr.D said rolling his eyes. I wondered what he was talking about but as Chiron opened the door I couldn't believe my eyes. The door led to an elevator which probably led to Olympus! As we all got in the elevator its space seemed to have widen and I suspected it was enchanted. Finally Mr.D pushed a button and we seemed to be going on a rollercoaster but 10x faster that and the only people who stood comfortably was Mr.D and Chiron. Then it stopped, my heart beated so fast, I was finally going to see my mother! As the doors opened, we got out running and we seemed to be standing on the lawn of Olympus with no gods in sight. I frowned, had they forgotten about us, suddenly the ground started rumbling and a pale boy with dark brown eyes and black hair with a crown on his head had appeared out of nowhere bringing skeleton animals with him. We stood there in terror, then lighting was booming in the sky and one had hit a couple feet beside the pale boy and a girl appeared with black hair like the boy but had blue electric eyes with a tiara on her head. She stood there with her arms crossed with a killer look on her face. Then a tide of water that came out of nowhere like the rest of them and appeared to be a boy with sea green eyes, raven black hair with a crown on his head and holding a trident in his hand. I stared in awe which I was pretty sure everyone did but I was trying to study them. Finally the boy with the trident let his wave of water disappear, then the thunder stopped and the skeleton animals were gone. '' Welcome to Olympus,'' the boy with a trident said with a devilish smile while all the girls except me and few others almost fainted. '' And we are the children Of The Big Three'' the boy with the trident said while still holding up his smile. Then we all almost fainted. Just me : That chapter was short but I promise that the others will be better! P.S I added some new characters so it wouldn't always be just Annabeth's name being mentioned at her table and don't worry, they won't be there for long also please review! My first story so try not to be so harsh! Sincerely, CuteKit362