rusted wood as the red at quart pillars and walls with red brick roofs on top of every building in the city. Justin and Claire furrowed their brows and shared a look before they entered the it sent a wave of an..unique,aroma,as it smelled like a wave of old library books had been been clapped in front of their looked around to see only antiques that had weirdly looked clean and in precise order and in mint condition. "What do ya want Chase." Said a young but raspy voice revealing itself to be a man who looked like he was in a mid 20's with uncombed hair and a freshly shaved beard while holding a glass of scotch,which Justin could recognize since he hanged around people like Kyle. He frowned as he saw in the man's second hand was the half emptied bottle of scotch. His bright emerald eyes had shined in the dimmed light showing confusion and anger at the same time. "A favor." Chase responded bluntly as the drink man moved a few step examined Justin and Claire closely as his mouth twitched. "Still fathers errand boy huh,oh but this time you have a bigger packet,hmm?"he said moving closer to Chase until he was only a couple of in he's from his looked at the two at confusion hearing the word father and then serving the resemblance from the two. "Wait so you guys are brothers?"he said as the man and Chase had a glaring contest,they both gave him no response. Well if they are brothers they both share the trait to not inform me on what's going thought sarcastically. Finally Chase haves up and sighed. "We have come for the sister of the Praetor of the Twelfth said as the man paused. "And what does my part come in on this death wish."he said finish his cup of scotch and then pouring another. "Well if you would put your cup of scotch down and give a damn about something for once then I'll tell you."he said as silence entered the room,he looked at the two nervously and glanced at Claire as she stared back him nervously to. The man turned from Chase and set down the glass. "You're right brother,wouldn't be able to this with a glass in my hand-"he said as he swiftly gave a perfect right hook to Chase that wouldn't have been seen by a moved agile as he gave a simple block and pushed him back onto one of his displays. "Maybe if you'd stayed with Father and I you wouldn't be so defeated."he said as the man half smirked. He then charged at Chase dodging all his punches as he swept his feet landing Chase on his behind. "On the contrary brother Id say I was doing just fine without you."but while boasting the man didn't notice his brother give him a quick swift to the feet as he fell down. Chase regained his balance and stood up. "Pehaps, but now,we, need you.''he said lending to his older brother. He smirked and took he hand. "Well now that the pleasentries are done, what exactly do you need me to aid you with on this little crusade of yours.''he said scanning me and my sister and then looking a Chase. "First, I'd like to introduce you to Justin and Claire Grace, daughter and son of Jason Grace son of Jupiter."He said pointing at us as the man's face became a sense of urgency as his half smirk turned to a frowned to his brother he then looked back at us and walked towards. "Xavier,pleasure to meet you."He said politely shaking my hand with a strong grip and giving Claire a sly kiss on the hand with a mischievous grin as she gave a fake but flirty smile back and yanked her back. "Now,how do you plan to get out of a place infested with demigods." He said taking another sip of his scotch with an evil smirk. Chase took out a scroll and laid it on a empty table. "Here's how." "Send the horns to the school and collect the new born Pegasus."a voice said Lizzie smacked back to reality hearing her brother thought he had looked so serious when talking to the Centurions of the legion and certainly was the right pick for the twelfth especially with their legacy. "Elizabeth."She shook out of her head again hearing her name,she looked up seeing the whole table looking dead at her. "Umm,yes?"she said nervously to her older frowned a bit and Lizzie knew why. Because of our parents legacy we have to carry more responsibilities in the legion and just because our aren't leader of a Cohort yet doesn't lessen on your responsibilities,soon you will have to take charge. Yes Erik had been saying that since she was 8 years old and being 13 now hadn't changed it. "Will you accompany Isaac here to deliver the Unicorn horns to the school."Erik said calmly,Lizzie looked over to Isaac,the bulky face hardened son of Mars and gulped. "Sure."she managed to say. "Alright if there aren't any other important matters to discuss at the moment then this meeting is ad-" "INTRUDERS!" a faun shouted bursting in the room,the room had already stood up with their weapons out as the faun ran around on the room,the Centurions shouted at each other battle strategies and it was grabbed the faun by its horns and sat him down. "QUIET!"he shouted rumbling the earth of its jewels and Roman room went quiet and set in their seats but still mumbling. "Now Faun."he continued looking at the trembling faun. "Who do these intruders claim to be?"he question faun looked at Erik with worried eyes. "The children of Jason and Piper Grace." Then that's when the room really went into chaos. First chapter done!Tell me what you think by PM or Reviews!Also thank you guys for showing support on my first story to,and I hope I can continue that story and this one!