roared. The boy's visage was wet and red from crying, an onyx fire burning in his near-black eyes. "I knew before you got here you inferior piles of bull shit!" Nico screamed. And it was true. As the son of Hades, he could reach out his senses and tell if someone was dead or not. He knew Will was gone before the medics had arrived, though he had tenaciously kept up trying to save Will until the last second when all his hope escaped him and he knew for certain there was no turning back. No fixing his broken friend. Friend. A heart-wrenching thought came to mind. They could have been more than friends. He had always hoped they would be. But now… Nico completely lost it. He grabbed the broken form of Will in his arms and ran to the back of the store where some of the fluorescent lights had gone out. He leaped into the shadows, thinking of the commons of the original twelve cabins, and vanished into the dark… A split second later, he emerged from the shadows of a tree, forcing himself a few steps before collapsing on the ground ten feet from Hestia's fire pit. At first no one noticed the sobbing boy soaked in his friend's blood sitting in the commons, the body of the Apollo cabin's head counselor in his arms. But as Nico's silent crying gained subtly din, small little whimpers and squeaks, people began wandering over or looking out the cabin windows. The first to rush over was Austin, one of Will's siblings, who looked like he might choke on his own tongue at the sight. Then little by little other campers came over, either grieving over Will, consoling Nico (to no prevail I might add), or doing both. After Austin came Percy and Annabeth. Annabeth started crying quietly, her face becoming ashen at the bloody sight, and Percy struggled to console her. For the son of Poseidon, he looked pretty seasick himself, despite the fact they were on solid ground. Then Hazel came over and started gingerly hugging her brother, clearly uncomfortable being around the torn body of the demigod. She herself had died once and if not for her brother she would still be in Asphodel, so seeing a dead half-blood made her nervous, but she powered through for her brother's sake. Finally some of the campers had retrieved Chiron from the Big House. As the centaur trotted over, he himself had an anemic expression to his face similar to that of Annabeth's, except more foreboding, as if he had just visited the oracle's mummy. But since they had acquired a new, much more living oracle, they had had fewer people go insane as well as less creepy prophetic interactions. Nico ripped his gaze away from Will's body and stared up at his human half, past the white stallion's body he sported from the waist down even though it hurt his neck, baring a watery gaze. When he spoke, his voice shook. "Y-you… you said to… to iris message Argus if something went wrong… T-the way you s-said that… You knew… you knew this was going to happen, didn't you…?" Chiron didn't respond. His sad gaze said everything. This was destined to happen, one way or another. Nico moved his gaze back to Will, even though it hurt to see him this way. "I-it's all my fault…" His voice was little more than a whisper. "No, Nico! Whatever happened, this isn't your fault." Hazel insisted. She scanned the crowd, her sharp golden gaze challenging anyone to say otherwise. "No… It is my fault… He might have escaped if he hadn't tried to save me… If I hadn't been there, he would still be alive." Nico sounded so broken, it was hard not to feel pity for him; hard to put any accusation on someone who so willingly blamed himself. Percy walked up and placed a hand on his shoulder, followed by Jason who stood on his other side. "Come on, man. Let's get you cleaned up." Percy murmured. His sea green gaze was so kind and reassuring, it was hard not to listen. But Nico didn't want to leave Will's body. Instead the boy hugged the battered blond figure to his chest tighter, like it might bring him back and make everything okay again. He silently wished they had never freed Death so Will could come back, but then they would probably all be dead instead. If only he could overlook a soul just this once… Finally, after an hour of persisting, Nico was forced to abandon his lost crush's body to be taken care of by the Apollo cabin and was led by Percy and Jason to his own cabin. After showering and changing his clothes, he sat on the windowsill and stared out the window in silence. At first his friends didn't want to leave, but Hazel came to check on him and ushered the boys out to leave her brother in peace. Nico stayed there in the windowsill, every so often getting a visit from someone asking how he was doing or giving condolences. But Nico never moved from his spot on the sill. He never spoke to the visitors. He didn't eat when dinner came. He only got down for the burial service. And he never spoke at all during that time either. Nico was broken. And very little could fix that… A/N: okay, so I can't very well leave you there. I'll update with a new chapter soon, though this took me longer than expected so don't hope for an instant update. Ghosts and a sad, broken boy. Ironically, I wrote this while eating chocolate, with a torrential storm going on outside. That setting describes this perfectly! Ugh, I'm so optimistic that even this depressing piece of writing before me that leaves me shaking can't dampen my mood. There is something seriously wrong with me. Haha! Good luck and good exploring ~Curious Pines