around to see the stare case was gone, or was it even there. I looked around to see that it was like a cave, only cleaner and it had pictures. I walked forward and saw a picture of two girls: the one on the right was dressed in a light blue dress and she had black hair and brown eyes, also she was wearing a crown with a snow flack on it 'Man what's with all the snow flacks now a day's? ' I asked myself before looking at the girl on the left. She was wearing a red dress with orange and yellow designs, she had brown hair, and hazel eyes and her crown had a picture of a flame on it. I looked at the take and saw the names Flora and Ember. I was shocked "So this is Flora and Ember" I said and to confirm that I saw the girl in blue holding some kind of book and I saw it was the journal and that's when I defiantly knew that they were the two from the journal. I backed up into another picture and saw it was a picture of a boy and girl and I saw the girl was wearing a sky blue dress and she had black hair and blue eyes and she was wearing a crown with the wind symbol on it as for the boy he was wearing a red and pink attire, he had blond hair and had brown eyes and his crown had a heart on it. I looked at the label "Skyler the wind Queen and Ryan the King of love" I said and looked back at the picture. I looked forward and I saw there were two more pictures. The next one also had to a boy and girl this time the boy had green eyes and brown hair and he was wearing a gray attire and his crown had a owl on it and the girl had had gray eyes and black hair and was wearing a green dress and her crown had a circle with eight arrows pointing from it and I saw the label "Adam the King of wisdom and So-lee queen of Chaos" I then went to the last picture and it also had a boy and girl. The boy was African American, he had brown hair and brown eyes and he was wearing white color attire and was wearing a crown with the white part of the yin-yang symbol and the girl had black hair and almond colored eyes and she had a black dress on and her crown had a picture of the black side of the yin-yang symbol. The label said "Eric the light King and Sophia the Queen of darkness" I said starting to walk forwards again "How are those guys?" I asked myself 'trust me young one you will know soon enough but for know what you need is what is in front of you' the voice said and I looked up to see and alter. When I got closer I saw the there was a book on the altar. I picked it up and saw that it had all eight symbols on it "What is this?" I asked 'It's the book of the eight elements, it tells the future of the eight chosen one's that are destine to do great things' the voice said "You mean like the one's in the picture?" I asked 'No those are the eight dark ones, they used to be kind people but the power was too much for them so they wanted more and…well let the book tell you' it said and I opened it to see it was written in Greek "The eight used to be kind a genital but the they received the power that was not there's and they became dark and just wanted to rule the whole world but they were stopped and sealed away into a book never to see the light of day again. Yet it is fated that the eight will return and finish what they started but the rightful eight will be the one to stop them and bring the kingdoms back together" I read out loud "Ok but what does this have to do with me?" I asked the voice 'Look at the front' I turned to the back of the front and was shocked to see my name on it "H-how?" I asked 'Because it is your destiny Perseus Jackson you are the only one that can read this book' it said "That can't be true back at my camp there's a lot of better people that can read Greek better than me" I said 'That may be but they cannot read it, it is for your eyes only for you are the first of eight that are chosen' it said "Oh please don't tell me this means another war?" I asked 'No not agents monsters but agents humanity' it said "Wait, what this time our enemies are people but how?" I asked 'Do not worry about that now Perseus for now you must worry about Flora and Ember' it said "Ok fine but that argument is not over, anyway how am I suppose to get where I need to go?" I asked and the only reply I got was the wall moving and reviling a door. I got up and opened my bag to see the journal was gone and I saw it on the alter 'the journal now belongs here as the book now belongs to you' the voice said I sign and put the book into my bag and walk to the door. I signed one more time "What will happen to this place?" I asked 'Since its purpose is now done it no longer needs to be here so it will disappear and never return' it said and I nodded before looking at the door and opened it and took my first step to my new journey.