more after this. I didn't sleep all night. Not even a wink. Tomorrow was Saturday, but I was still going to school, but it stunk for reasons way more than that. Mr. P. was waiting in his office. I'd never been there before, but it looked weird. The desk was mad out of those old, expensive kinds of wood you see in stores some places, and there was a suit of armor in one corner. I had the feeling it was real. Mr. P. looked the same as always, though today he was wearing a dark suit. "Please sit down," he said. "I know that much of what I will say to you will seem the stuff of fiction, but perhaps your parents have already told you a little." "They said that the Greek myths were all real," I said. "They are correct. However, that is merely a small portion of the true tale that surrounds you. The first part that you must understand is that the Titans were imprisoned long ago, but they escaped. Approximately seventeen years ago, they escaped and waged war on the Olympians, though they were ultimately defeated. However, they decided that in case they were defeated, their children would carry out the war for them." "In total, seventeen demigods were sired in this manner. Sixteen are already accounted for. It appears that you are the last, and the youngest as well. I am 99% sure that you are definitely the child of a Titan, for I sensed a Titan's energy in your parents' room, and told them to move here, where you would be safe." "I've noticed that there was a demigod in this school for some time, though it was only yesterday when I became sure it was you. You identified that statue correctly, though it was impossible for someone to do so. Tell me, did you know that man to be Kronos because someone told you beforehand, or on sheer instinct?" "I just guessed it, like I just knew it somehow," I said. Mr. P. nodded. "Then we are almost certain. However, there is only one way to be absolutely sure." Mr. P. waved his hand, and then suddenly there was a glass filled with some golden liquid on the table. "A mixture of ambrosia and nectar along with a plant that grows only on Mount Othyrus . A demigod, if from Olympus, who drinks this will burn to ashes as will any human. Are you prepared to take the risk? I understand that you may be hesitant but…" He never got any further, because I grabbed the glass and chugged down every last drop. I didn't burn to ashes, if you're wondering. I just couldn't stand not knowing the answer when everyone, even my parents, were worried, and so I drank it. Mr. P. smiled. "So, it is certain at last. I believe that we can finally show you to our hiding place and reveal our secrets." Mr. P. took off his sunglasses/mask. The thing that drew my attention was not his eyes, but the marks near them, which looked as if someone had clawed at them. "You're Prometheus," I realized. "That dude who was tied up and eagles fed at him every day." Mr. P. grimaced. "Yes, I am the 'dude' that you're talking about. Though I escaped some time ago, and on Lord Kronos' orders, I was to oversee that our children were properly trained if we lost. I convinced Zeus that I would cause no further trouble, and pretended to side with him. He believed me for the time being, though I know he still has his suspicions." Prometheus opened the door, and I realized that we weren't in our school anymore. "We are actually below the museum that I had taken you to. Did you find it odd that it took twelve whole years to rebuild this place? It was because this place is really a training guide for the children of the Titans. For a very long time, we have awaited your arrival. We waited for the last child to join our ranks, so that we may finally wage our war against the Olympians. But first things first, we must determine your parent." I didn't get most of this, but my head was buzzing with so many ideas I'm amazed Prometheus couldn't hear the hum. Wherever we were, it was like some kind of cavern, the walls were made up of rocks, and there were weapons of all kinds on the walls, ranging from a Roman Gladius to modern guns. Prometheus led me to a room where surprisingly, there were other kids. Now, I guess that they were the other demigods, but the first thing that registered in my brain was that these kids were huge . They were all at least fourteen, and I was sure some of them were around seventeen. They all stopped whatever they were doing when I stepped in, and Prometheus said, "Well, here we have who we have been waiting for, the last of the Titan's demigods." The other kids looked surprised, and some of them said "Finally!" "However, we must first find out his parent," Prometheus turned to me and added, "you see, normally the gods claim their children themselves when they turn of age, but that's just not an option with us as most of my siblings are… out of commission. Instead, rub some of your blood on the rock over there, and we'll get to know proper." The rock in question was, well, black. Really dark, and had jagged edges all over it. It wasn't hard to rub some blood on it, and the moment I did, a sort of scythe appeared in the air. Everyone was silent then, even the biggest kids. "All hail our youngest demigod, our prince, son of Kronos, Lord of Time and King of the Titans," Prometheus said. He bowed to me and said, "It is an honor to be in your presence."