just easier to let Mr. D call them whatever he came up with, because it was not like he was going to remember their real names an hour later. "Not that we're not delighted to see you both," Chiron said with a smile. "But what are you two doing here on your day off?" Annabeth looked at him in confusion, as Percy widened his eyes. "Percy had something to tell me. Or show me, or whatever." She said. "And…he told me that you had it?" Chiron began to shake his head while he rubbed his beard. "No…" he trailed off. "I don't believe I have anything-" he was cut off by Percy letting out a large cough. Chiron looked at him and Percy waved his hands sporadically, trying to get the centaur to play along without Annabeth realizing. Of course, that was way easier said than done. As soon as Annabeth glanced back at him, Percy dropped his hands and acted like he was stretching, whistling awkwardly while he did so. Chiron eyes lit up as he understood. Of course he had known about Percy asking Annabeth to marry him, he just wasn't sure when or how it was going to happen. " Ah. " He remembered. "That thing. Yes. I do believe it's down by the…dock? Yes, the dock, right by the Lake." "Right!" Percy said, straightening up from his stretching. "That's where you put it." He said with a nod. "Thanks, Chiron." He nodded as he slipped Annabeth's hand into his own. "You okay, Kelp Face?" Annabeth asked as they walked to the Lake, hand in hand. "You seem nervous." Percy shook his head. "What?" he asked, glancing at her. "I'm not nervous, you're nervous." Annabeth shook her head and gave him a weird expression. "See," She said, squeezing his hand, "You do junk like that when you're nervous. So. What're you so nervous about?" Percy sighed deeply as they reached the beach. "You." He said finally, looking down at her with a smile. "You make me nervous," She gave a confused expression. He shook his head and squeezed her hands. "So," he said, stepping into the water. "Come with me." Annabeth smiled warily and stepped into the water as well. She saw the Lake hit her feet, but didn't feel herself getting wet, an extension of Percy's power that he was sharing with her. They did this a lot; go to the bottom of the Lake. It was where they could chill together, without having to worry about Camp above. As they walked to the bottom of the Lake in their own personal air bubble, Annabeth took in the sights. When they got to their spot, Percy sat down on one of the rocks they had moved previously to provide some level of comfort. "So," Annabeth prodded after a moment or two. "What did you want to show me?" Percy shrugged. He noticed how a lot of the fish in the Lake had begun to crowd around their air bubble. They probably sensed Percy's nerves, and decided to watch the scene unfold. Were they taking guesses? Casting lots? Percy rolled his eyes. " Don't be a wimp man," He heard a fish say. "do it already!" " Hey shut up." Percy replied in irritation. "I've never done this before, okay? Cut me some slack." " Afraid she's going to say no?" another fish interjected. " Gene, don't say that! He's nervous enough already. " " I'm just saying!" Percy jumped when Annabeth snapped her fingers close to his face. "Well?" she asked again, "What did you want to tell me? Or show me? Or whatever it is that you've been acting weird about literally all day?" Percy took a calming breath and took her hands as he stood them up. "It's not so much as a 'showing you something' as it is a 'asking you something'." Annabeth's breath hitched slightly as her eyes widened. Slowly, she nodded. "Yes?" she asked, in almost a whisper, but she couldn't help the small smile on her face. "Out with it, Percy." Percy nodded, encouraged by her smile and her squeezing his hands tightly, he slowly bent down onto one knee and presented the ring. He cleared his throat. "Annabeth. I know…I know that demigods' lifespans aren't like…the greatest, or whatever. But…I love you. And…I can't- I don't want to- see myself with literally anyone else in the entire world. Mortal or demigod. You're my best friend, the smartest girl I know and…" He said with a shaky breath, looking into her impossibly grey eyes. They were teeming with excitement and love, and that gave him the confidence to finish his question. He cleared his throat and shook his head, shaking out the last of his nerves. "Annabeth Chase." He said again, voice ringing with more confidence than he ever thought possible. "Will you do me the…the gigantic honor and…" "Percy c'mon already! " Annabeth laughed, bouncing. Percy grinned back at her. "Will you marry me already?" Annabeth nodded rapidly and pulled him up into a standing position. Percy laughed in ecstatic relief and took her shaking hands in his equally-if-not more- shaking hands and slipped the ring onto her left hand. Once it was tightly secured, Percy lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it softly. Annabeth shook her head with a laugh and placed her hands securely on the sides of his face, before crashing their lips together. Percy grinned into the kiss as he lifted her up and spun her around. Annabeth broke the kiss and looked at him, running a hand through his hair. "Guess we've got our parents' blessings." She said with a smile. Percy nodded in agreement. "Yeah, we're weren't smited on spot, so I'd say that's a plus." Annabeth nodded and giggled. "C'mere, fiancé. " She grinned, pulling his face back to hers. Percy laughed as he heard the fish around them chatter, some celebrating, some lamenting. Guess they really were casting lots.