went how you would expect from then on. Inconspicuous and loving glances, notes being sent back and forth, and stolen moments together when they were able to. Jon and Emma did it all. Their relationship got deeper and deeper with every passing day and they fell more and more in love with each other. The things they would do to be together or the notes and glances made it all the more exciting. Sure, they felt bad in hiding it, but they didn't know how the hunt and Artemis would react. Especially with the certain physical activities they had started partaking in together after two years of being a couple. Emma was hesitant at first because of her scars, but Jon did not care. He loved every inch of her. And on the night they gave themselves to one another, he worshiped her. He showed her exactly how much he needed her and she did the same. They were crazy about each other. A day didn't pass by where they didn't spend at least the night together. And then, 'I like you' turned into 'I love you'. As for this morning, they were laying on his cot with her using him as a pillow as her head laid on his chest and their legs were tangled. She ran her hand along his bare chest as he stroked her naked back. "We need to tell them eventually." Emma said as they relaxed in bed on their free day. Jon sighed. "I know. But how? The best I can come up with is you explaining us while I run far away so I don't die by a hail of silver arrows." Emma chuckled before leaning up to kiss him. Jon smiled, kissing her back without a thought as he wrapped his arms around her. "I have an idea." he mumbled against her lips, feeling his arousal spiking. "Oh? What's that, Mr. Big Bad Wolf?" she teased. With a growl, Jon suddenly changed their position so he was on top, wrapping one of her legs around him as he began kissing her jaw and neck, making her moan. "Let's stay in bed all day." Jon responded against her neck. Emma wrapped her other leg around him as he brought his hand down to run from her thigh to her entrance. She arched her back, moaning his name. "Jon, please don't tease me." Emma begged through moans of pleasure as he pushed two of his fingers inside of her. He smirked, loving the affect he had on her and the one she had on him. "Alright." Throughout the day, hunters wondered not only where the two were, but also why Jon's tent seemed to shake a few times the entire day. "You're sure? Absolutely sure?" Jon asked Emma nervously as he paced back and forth in his tent. He was so nervous and agitated. This would change not only his life, but Emma's too. "Yes, Jon. I am. I used up the whole box of them." said hunter of Artemis answered as she grabbed his hand to make him stop pacing. This was insane. He and Emma had been together for four years now, and this happens. He should have been more careful. How could he be so stupid? He didn't know if he was anywhere near ready for something like this. Jon sighed in frustration as he sat down and pulled her into his lap. It managed to bring him some comfort as he rested a hand on her belly. He could feel the tiniest trace of a heartbeat. "I just….I don't know, Emma. I don't know…..." he said honestly. "Hey." she pulled his face to her and lightly kissed him before pulling away, "You will be an amazing father. Alright?" "If Artemis doesn't murder me." Jon responded as he locked his fingers around hers, holding holding her hand tightly. "Let's go face them." Emma said encouragingly. They got up and went to the meal tent where the rest of the hunt was having breakfast. Jon was feeling more nervous with every step as his body tensed up. They were still holding hands as they entered the large tent. What happened next surprised them, though. "Finally! You both done with your morning love mak-" Artemis put her hand over Thalia's mouth as she smiled at Jon and Emma. "Good morning, you two. Sit. Join us." the goddess said as her and the dozens in her hunt smiled at the couple. "Wait. You all know?!" Emma and Jon exclaimed in unison, making them laugh. "We're hunters, not blind." Phoebe said with a laugh. "You're not….angry?" Jon asked Artemis slowly. The goddess of the moon smiled at him. "Jon, I may be a maiden goddess and one of my domains are chastity, but I do not hate all men. There are men out there, like you, who are pure of heart and treat women like human beings and with respect. Yes, I used to, but men like you and Percy Jackson have taught me otherwise. For that, you have my blessing." Jon and Emma smiled as they leaned on one another, "Also, I can help you with the child." The couple immediately tensed as the hunters gasped in surprise. "My lady, what did you just say?" Atlanta asked. Artemis kept her smile. "Emma is pregnant." she answered. "H-how?" Emma asked. "I'm also the goddess of childbirth." Artemis simply answered. After that, the two had a long day of congratulating, celebrating, and the dozens of death threats to Jon just for good measure. When the day was over, they were laying back in Jon's tent with him spooning Emma as his hand rested on her still flat belly. "I love you, my Huntress." he told her with a smile. Emma turned her head to smile back at him. "And I love you, my Wolf." They shared a long and passionate kiss before slowly falling asleep that night. Smiling at the thoughts and dreams of the future.