grain tonight. Percy looked back to the stars, "She served you for over 3000 years, and I bet you never questioned her loyalty or willingness to do her duty." "Never," Artemis responded simply and honestly. "Without hesitation she led a quest to save you, knowing that she would die doing so," Percy stated in a firm voice that carried a tone of what could be described as reverence. Artemis stared intently at Percy briefly wondering if he was trying to make her feel guilty, but knew that wasn't his intention. She did know though what he said next might shake her more than anything else he had said. "It is one thing running into a fight thinking you might die. Sure you go in knowing it is a possibility, but you cling onto the hope that it is not your fate. Zoe chose to fight knowing the outcome. She showed strength that few can ever claim. In a way she is the strongest person I have ever known," Percy said still keeping his eyes towards the sky. Then he looked towards the goddess who was just looking at him, "Zoe is one the reasons I kept fighting for Olympus. That if someone like her believed in you and your cause that much, then maybe there were parts of Olympus worth saving." At this point Artemis was absolutely speechless, and she half-wondered if her mouth was agape. To have such words spoken about her hunter, and from a male no less. A man just admitted to admiring the strength of a woman, something she thought she would never witness. Percy Jackson was once again proving himself to be the exception to the rule. Although Artemis refused to believe that were enough others like him out there to have to reevaluate her opinions on the gender. Then Percy turned somber and looked at the Anaklusmos again, " So what does that say about me if I give up the fight? She thought I was worthy to carry her sword, to help continue the fight in her name." Artemis didn't respond to the troubled demi-god's words at first. Partly because she was at loss at what to say, few people have ever shown their vulnerabilities to her like this before. In a way she felt humbled that Percy trusted her enough to show this side of himself, but given part of the subject of this discussion who better to empathize with. The other reason Artemis did not speak is that she did not trust her voice at the moment. All this praise about her greatest hunter was stirring up emotions that usually never made it to the surface. "You are being ridiculous," Artemis finally said in a firm voice full of conviction. The same tone of voice she reserved for teaching her hunters, or scolding those she met of the opposite gender. "Huh?" Percy said dumbly and looking quickly at the auburn haired goddess. Percy gulped at the hard look he was met with, and decided to stay silent not knowing what offense he gave the goddess. "You who have been part of two great prophecies, the first one placing all the responsibility on your shoulders. You have been on more quests at only 17, then any other demigod. Faced monsters, titans, and giants and always somehow managed to prevail," Artemis continued on acting like she was lecturing an idiot before she softened a little and almost smiled, "Not least and much to my chagrin, literally took the weight of the world to save me." Artemis then turned and pointed at the huntress, "If there were ever a male worthy of wielding her blade, it is you. If you need to take a break nobody would fault, Zoe included. However you are lying to yourself if you think you are giving up the fight." Percy look back at Artemis perplexed. "You may be able to rest for awhile, but sooner or later we both know fate will call you back," Artemis turned her penetrating gaze back to Percy, "And you will answer that call for the same reasons that shame you for wanting to give up. You are not one to sit back and let others fight in your stead, you have demonstrated over and over that is not who you are. More struggles will arise, and you will wield Anaklusmos in a way that would make Zoe proud." Immediately after declaration, Artemis rose from the ground and looked toward the sky and looked towards the image of Zoe once again, "I will have to make a sacrifice to the Fates, and thank them that you were not the hero in the garden all those millennia ago." Without another word, Artemis flashed away, leaving a stunned Percy behind. Never had he expected such words from Artemis when describing his character, and especially that last statement. He believed that was probably the reason she left so quickly, praising a male was probably grating against the core of her being. In a way that just made the words carry more weight in Percy's mind. Percy looked back at the sky and swore he saw the huntress burn brighter than any other time that night. With a warm smile, Percy picked up Anaklusmos and stood up. He inclined his head towards the huntress, and started back to the car. A renewed spark of life making him feel like he hadn't in months. A/N: So this is just a an idea that popped into my head, and I felt like writing it. I always loved the character of Zoe and felt like many opportunities were lost when she died. Also I wanted to write how I felt Percy remembered his friends. So I would like feedback on my writing. I have been kicking around a story idea for a week or two, and would like to hear people's reactions to my writing before I do so. The story idea has nothing to do with this one-shot though.