need to survive momentarily for now. I need to get to the Big House without getting spotted." "Ah yes. There will always be those who oppose love," she said. "Especially your kind." "No," Percy said. "I, there's nothing going on between me and Jason, alright?" The girl shook her head. "No need to be modest or shy. Though the world may be cruel, but your love must live on." Percy realized that there was going to be no convincing this girl. He also found it odd that she wasn't repulsed by the stuff she was talking about, and seemed to like it. What is wrong with the world? Percy thought. "I'll help you get out though," she said. She pulled out a maid outfit from her closet. "Just wear this and a hat, and no one will recognize you as long as they don't look closely. Then you can get to the Big House just fine." Percy considered just stabbing himself with Riptide. It might have been less painful then doing what he was about to do. Percy stepped outside awkwardly. He was sure that someone was going to notice him immediately, but strangely enough he managed to make it to the inside of the Big House without raising any alarm. Inside, his heart froze. Jason was right there in front of him. Percy wondered if he still had Riptide on him or if it was back in his old pants. Jason looked at him and then said, "Excuse me miss, but is there a problem? I could help you out you know." Percy was faced with several conflicting emotions. For one, apparently Jason thought that he was attractive. This made him want to puke. Secondly, he was actually cheating on Piper right now, and that was a sure signal that he deserved to have his heart ripped out and fed to the wolves. "Why don't you stop that hat from cover your face- BY THE GODS IT'S YOU PERCY!" Jason seemed very shocked to see Percy. "Why are you wearing that?" Percy reached for Riptide and Jason tried to grab his hand to make him fumble. At that time, Annabeth and Piper also walked in and saw a very disturbing scene. "Jason is- Jason is, he's trying to caress Percy underneath his dress." Annabeth sobbed. "THAT'S NOT WHAT I WAS TRYING TO DO!" Jason shouted. Percy and Jason both started running up the stairs. "Wait, come back!" Piper shouted. "Throw away those machetes and then we'll talk," Jason said, unfazed by Piper's Charmspeak. "Stop Percy. You should be a normal boy and like girls and not dress up like that," Annabeth said. "DO YOU THINK I'M DOING THIS BECAUSE I WANT TO?" Percy shouted back. "By the way, why are you running towards the roof?" Jason asked. "I was going to fly away, but that clearly can't be your plan." "I want to go to the lake," Percy said. They both kept climbing upwards while trying to shove each other. However, they found their way blocked by a lot of wooden boards. "I put these up," Jason said. "They were supposed to block you off." Jason then looked at a nearby window and jumped off, floating in the air. "What about me?" Percy asked. "You can rot in Hades for all I care," Jason said and flew away. Percy uncapped Riptide, which luckily he still had and broke through the barricade. He stepped onto the roof to find Apollo glaring at him. "Sorry kid, but Zeus told me you had to go," Apollo said and pulled out a bow. A single arrow, as hot as the sun itself was strung to it and Apollo took aim. Percy realized that he was going to be dead and just stared at the god, paralyzed. But Apollo didn't shoot for some reason. He put his bow down instead. "I-I-I just can't do this. Zeus had forbidden these kinds of relationships among the gods, said marriage is always between a man and a woman, but I can't let that happen to you. Go Percy, and live life like you want to, don't care about what the world thinks. I don't care how I'm punished, but I cannot allow something like this to end." When Percy realized what Apollo was saying he snapped. "I DON'T WANT TO LIVE ANYMORE!" Percy jumped off the roof and somehow managed to land in water. He thought he was safe until he noticed the naiads around him. They were holding phones and taking pictures… of him. "Lord Poseidon will love this," one of them said. "I know! Lord Percy looks so cute in that maid outfit," another one added. Percy screamed again. "I CAN'T SHOW MY FACE IN PUBLIC ANYMORE!" If it was possible to die of bad publicity, Percy would have already crossed the River Styx. Percy jumped out of the water and started running like crazy while the naiads behind him kept asking him to stop and pose for more photographs. Lord Dionysus walked into camp. He saw Percy in a maid outfit (what was that about?) being chased by naiads and a whole lot of other armed campers as well as Aphrodite and the whole Athena cabin. Jason also seemed to be running away from the same crowd, and above, Zeus and Hera were arguing about something, and it seemed that Hera was winning. Apollo was spouting some nonsense poetry about love and how it wasn't limited by gender (seriously, what was THAT about?) from the top of the Big House while Frank was sobbing nearby about his nails. The God of Wine took a sip of Diet Coke. "What a bunch of idiots," he said. A/N And so the first chapter ends. I probably won't be continuing this unless I see some requests and demand for another one. So anyway, I'd like to know your favorite part, if any, and how much you would donate to my fund to get me a good therapist.