activities Annabeth had showed him earlier. I didn't speak. Only talked when I got asked questions in between. When everyone had finished giving their sacrifices and cleared their plates, the wine god gave news updates on camp activities, like the capture the flag for this Friday. Mr. D also gave the introduction of a new camper. Peter Johnson. Down at the amphitheater, a child of Hephaestus was quick to start a campfire while Apollo's cabin got their instruments ready for a sing-along. In the middle of a song, I saw Percy singing. He looked happy and comfortable, joking with the other campers, unaware of what befell him for the years to come. I let out a breath through my nose and rubbed the temples of my head, feeling a growing headache. It's beginning. We don't talk very often since Percy spends a lot of time with Annabeth, catching up on demigod stuff like learning Greek and camp life. We exchange words of greeting when we pass by each other, maybe some small talk if we happen to be in the same classes, but it wasn't nothing close. Three days into Percy's arrival at camp, it was cabin eleven's schedule for a sword-fighting lesson. Percy's first sword-fighting lesson. Conner and I had paired up for dueling. He was being sneaky with his blade, catching me off guard a few times, but I had been watching Percy a distance away quietly the whole time. I was curious. Percy Jackson was supposedly a great sword fighter. Although all I could see was him getting battered by Luke. Then again, Luke was the best sword fighter I have ever seen so far. Even Chiron had said it's been centuries since he had seen someone with the potential to go up against Achilles, without his curse, of course. Cabin eleven later formed a circle to observe Luke's demonstration with Percy. Most of the Hermes guys were suppressing smiles. They've been used as demos before and were enthusiastic to see the newbie in their position. Percy gave me a wide-eyed look, as though to convey a plea of help. I grinned a little and flashed a thumbs-up. He'll be fine. I whistled when Luke showed us a disarming technique. "Fancy sword work," I muttered. I hadn't meant for anyone to hear, but Connor did. "I bet you our shares of s'mores tonight that I'll pull it off before you do," he whispered. We had campfires often, but s'mores came around on Tuesdays and Thursdays, with each camper getting two servings only. Camp Half-Blood would be on a tight budget, even with gold drachmas, if each camper could have as many s'mores as they want. "You're on," I whispered back. I could go a campfire night without s'mores. Connor couldn't, so it'd be amusing to see him beg for his treats tonight. We paused in our bet to observe Luke and Percy spar. I could see everyone expecting Luke to pull off the technique first, but I watched with clear eyes. I saw it coming before it happened. Luke started increasing the pressure of swordplay once he realized Percy was keeping up. When Percy began slipping into the defensive, I saw a momentary determined flash in his eyes of What the heck, let's just try it before he twisted and pushed down Luke's sword with his own. Luke's sword hit the stone ground with a clang and all the other campers went silent. I let out a low whistle and covered a smile. Percy looked like he regretted very much what he just did. "Um, sorry." I took a careful peek at Luke to judge his expression. The older demigod seemed to still be processing what had just happened. And then his scarred face broke into a grin. "Sorry? By the gods, Percy, why are you sorry? Show me that again!" True to my expectation, there was no contest the second time around. Should I be happy that everything is going according to the books? At the campfire that night, Connor groveled for five minutes before I laughed and handed him back his graham crackers, chocolate, and marshmallows. The Apollo kids were already singing a song. It was slow and full of corny lyrics, so everyone was giggling at each other, sarcastically singing and making exaggerating hand motions. Many had their hands in the air, swaying to the slow rhythm with bright grins on their faces. I hummed along, but didn't dare sing a word aloud. Percy came and sat nearby when he noticed the display Connor had set beforehand. "Hey, how come you're not singing?" Luke walked over and handed me and Percy both a thin metal skewer stick to stab our marshmallows with. "Last time Jade sung a slow campfire song, she made more than half of the campers fall asleep before finishing a verse," Luke laughed, remembering the memory. I smiled. It was one of the first major signs as to who my godly parent was. Percy raised his eyebrows and gaped at me. I wiggled my fingers at him. "Seriously?" I nodded and grinned, "Seriously." "Is that another thing that a child of Hermes can do?" Ah, Luke doesn't like that name. "No, I'm unclaimed actually," I replied and uneasily glanced at Luke. Predictably, a dark shadow came over his face. Grimacing, I changed the subject away from godly parents. "So how's camp life treating you so far?" It's against my policy to actively engage with people in general. However angry and upset people bothered me more, so I could bend that rule once in awhile. Percy immediately gave an excited answer. Luke's previously cold eyes warmed a little. In the end, even if he was a traitor, he still cared about lost campers. It was touching. What I was more focused on though, was tomorrow's capture the flag game. Everything snowballs from there. How'd you like it? Leave reviews, comments, and constructive advice! They're the best motivators for writing. Thanks for reading!