he asked. "Father owns most of the land and he asked for us not to be attacked, but he has no power over those islands or the lake itself, believe it or not the higher level of Tartarus which is where we are now are more like underground societies." "So how will we get there? And why do the monsters still try and reach the islands if they know how dangerous it is." "The ore and other useful materials they could sell for high prices," said a loud voice that belonged to a giant dragonfly. "We will have to fly over the lake then fly back, and this fellow will help us for a large amount of money." "Yes there and back," the dragonfly said "come on get on." Perseus quickly got on the monsters back using its legs to climb up, followed by the rest of the warriors and then they were approaching the lake islands. Once the monster landed in the third island they started to look for Ouranus, Harak was leading them through the island where they reached a cluster of rocks that created many caves. "He is in one of these caves can't you feel the strength of the Primordial." "Yes it is in that one to the right," Perseus said. "Perseus and I will go into the caves, keep the exit clear in case we need a quick exit." The soldiers listened and started to sit on rock and position themselves to defend the rocks. Harak led Perseus into the right cave with a torch held high to keep them from tripping. After walking for four minutes they reached a chamber that seemed to sink endlessly, but in the middle of the chamber a giant that was made out of rock hung suspended by shackles that made him look like an x. "Behold, what is left of Ouranus." "Lord Ouranus the fates have sent me to retrieve a prophesy that can change the fate of the world," Perseus said loudly "Give me the prophecy and I shall leave you to rest." The monstrous eyes started to glow lava red and his whole body made an attempt to move but his shackles kept him restrained. Then low chanting could be heard coming from the pit, and the monstrous eyes changed color to a green color and smoke started to build up coiling around him and fighting their way inside of his head. Then the chanting became clearer and it turned into Greek the language he had been around most of his life, a voice like a snakes spoke in his head. " The titan's that betrayed their father shall not end the cycle, As their sons fight for power to the rise of a new age." " Beware son of Kronos, the curse that awaits you, as they betray you. My essence is fading, if you are to complete your destiny you will need the power required." And with that the essence of Ouranus entered him joining him and giving him more power. "Quick Perseus we must leave, you must return to the fates and deliver the prophesy," Harak said pulling his shoulder back through the cave. As they ran outside Perseus turned to see the rock face of Ouranus smile before crumbling to dust, the cave following closely falling down and closing the caves behind them. When they reached outside they were hit by the cold of the night, and the loud sound of swords clanking, the eagle warriors were fighting of hordes of undead warriors. The eagle warriors were quite impressive they would use their crab pincers as shields and then they would swipe their spears killing the undead, who just seemed to re build themselves. One of the undead snuck behind an eagle warrior and was about to attack when Perseus threw his spear killing it. But it did not stay dead for long. As the undead warriors kept getting closer to them surrounding them, Perseus started to feel hope less, they could not kill the monsters for long and the giant dragonfly who was going to give them a ride back was dead. Until he voices of the fates sounded in his head. "The powers of Ouranus unleash it upon these beast," the screeched in his head. Perseus reached down inside of him and imagined the powers of the Primordial, the powerful storms and winds that could rip anything apart, and with a mighty roar he unleashed it. The winds picked up and ripped apart the bodies of the monsters scattering the remains everywhere making it difficult for them to re-build themselves. "Quick we must leave before they manage to reform," Perseus said thinking of a plan to get out of there. ' Could he use his new powers to fly controlling the winds,' he though. He quickly imagined it the winds picking up under their feet until they were being propelled rising towards the entrance to Tartarus, stopping along the way to where he had picked up some help. After biding his farewells and thanking the king for his help he headed to the entrance of Tartarus, where he was meet by the fates, who were looking at him expectantly. He quickly recited the lines of the prophesy to them and they looked at him with some sadness in their eyes as if they felt sorry for him. But minutes later they teleported him to the throne room making many of the present shriek in surprise, before they looked at him with an awed expression. Just as he saw where he was he realized how tiered he was and he collapsed into his knees, many of the Titans approached and examined him, he felt the slender arms of Selene wrap around him along with those of his mother and father and then he fainted and reached the realms of dreams. Ok so there it is, should I keep going? Should I stop right her? tell me in your reviews. David out.