shock. All except Lady Persephone. She just giggled and covering a big smile. Uncle Hades and Van started to dance. Which really surprise me. That Lord Hades is a pretty good dancer and could keep up with Van. If you didn't know this. It's that Vanapire is a big ball of energy and being pregnant with twins. Does not stop her. She can use some magic spell to keep her midsection protected from any harm. I dance with one of Van's twins sisters (who doesn't have the blessing of the big three). I think it was Samantha I was dancing with or it could have been Dianna or A-my. I mean Rich, Van, and the other three are quintuplets. Plus the four girls look alike and it's almost impossible to tell them apart. Third Person P.O.V. The gods and goddesses dance too, but not all of them dance like the campers and most did. Like Hermes, Apollo, Ares, Hades, Poseidon, Zeus, Persephone, Hestia, Aphrodite, and even Dionysus. Which amazed all ! Hera, Athena, Artemis, and some of the minor gods and goddesses stay on the sideline just talking to each other. Chiron watched the campers and the immortals. Chiron smiled to himself. "Those Kryptonians sure loves to party," he murmured to himself. While the demigods, Kryptonians, satyrs, nature spirits, nymphs, and other magical creatures danced to music that he doesn't listen to. About an hour later. Chiron blow the cockle shell to get everybody's attention. It took a few moments for everybody to calm down. Chiron's P.O.V. I saw what time is was and I got the cockle shell and blow hard and loud to get everybody's attention. Well pretty much just the camper's for my important announcements'. "Attention! Attention!" I yelled. "My apologies to the gods," I looked over to them. "But it is almost midnight and it's time for my campers' to go to bed." Vanapire's P.O.V. The gods and goddesses look at one another and then Lord Zeus walked up to Chiron with no emotions on his face. No signs of anger or understanding the only thing I notices was a little up turn corner of his lips. Like he was thinking or picturing him fucking Chiron hard or Chiron fucking him merciless. Ok. Ook. I'm the first one to admit it. I have a sick, dirty mind. It's a gift. :) But Chiron did look like Zeus had just told him to bare his children. Just by him Zeus walking up to him. He also look kind of sick to his stomach. When Lord Zeus stand before Chiron. Chiron smiled politely and bowed down. Then he tried to step aside, but the King of the gods stop him by placing a hand on Chiron's shoulder. Chiron looked up from the sudden hand and looked at Zeus with a puzzled face. But All Mighty Zeus just smiled and himself step aside from Chiron and step next to him. An let me tell you. That this is come completely out of his character. They looked at each other for a brief moment and Zeus started talking. But I think there's a little something, something going on. Hahaha. I could just read their minds, but I think I'll do some investigating. I am a detective with Phoenix, Arizona Police Department Crime Lab. Me think I can solve this mystery. With a smirk on my face. I started heading for my cabin when Zeus was done talking. Richard P.O.V. Lord Zeus walk up to Chiron. I thought he was going to blast Chiron to bits. The centaur did look like he was about to take a sh!t right there and then; in front of everybody. Lord Zeus stop in front of Chiron. Who just smiled and bowed to Lord Zeus. Chiron tried to step aside, but Lord Zeus stop him by placing his hand on Chiron's shoulder and Zeus step a side. Which I thought was a little weird, but the Lord of the Sky started to talk and it broke my thoughts. "Chiron is right, It's getting late. Why don't us god's spent the night here. After all that dancing even I need to rest." Zeus said while catching his breathe. I look over to Van and saw her face with a look that I know all too well. Third Person P.O.V. All the gods and goddesses nodded. Well all except the Lady Hera. Who look at her husband/brother with a suspicious look. Zeus gave Chiron control. So campers can get some sleep. Chiron dismiss the kids. Campers started heading to their cabins. Chiron called the cabin leaders forward and give them instructions for tomorrow/morning duties will be push back by 2 hours. So the campers can get some sleep. Most of the gods and goddesses slept in their cabins with their kids. Because it was a kind of a special occasion with the gods and goddesses visiting the camp. Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades slept in cabin twenty-one (The Big Three Cabin). Which is Van's and Rich's cabin, but Percy, Nico, Thalia, Jason, Hazel, and Tyson are allowed to sleep in that cabin. Because they are children of the big three, too. Hera slept in the big house. Athena slept in cabin six and told them some stories that didn't make history. Artemis of course stayed with her hunters in cabin 8. Apollo in his cabin and they did sing-a-longs and Apollo read some (Bad) poetry to them. Hephaestus in cabin nine and he show them how to make some kind of mechanics to make an army. If there's another war. Hermes stay in cabin 11. Which was still pretty crowd and he told them stories jokes that he pulled on the gods. Dionysus actually stay in cabin instead of stay in the big house. Demeter also slept in her cabin talking about best harvest ever. Hestia, Persephone, Nemesis and the other minor gods and goddesses stayed in the big house with Chiron, but in separate rooms of course.