her eyes pass the message. So many words could be said with just a good look at someone. "What'd you do that for?" she asked Percy as soon as they were out of the place. "He hurt you, Annabeth. I will never let anyone hurt, let alone lay a finger, on you. You're my best friend and you're important to me." "How'd you find out?" she asked curiously. "I walked in on them" he said helplessly, "I was so mad, like I was driven insane, and...I'm sorry. I'm sorry it had to be like this and that it didn't work out for you". "I never said you did the wrong thing, Seaweed Brain. It's not like I was in love with the guy. I don't think it would've worked out anyways. He changed, and we drifted apart, and it happened." "I'm still sorry it couldn't be" Percy said and hugged Annabeth, "He made you happy. I like it when you're happy" "Well, he doesn't make me happy anymore. You do. I like hanging out with you more anyways. Let's go to Starbucks or something. We didn't get to last week" "Do you remember when we first met?" Annabeth asked Percy. The boy above her took a moment to recall the events of the day he met the girl who changed his life. "Of course I do" he answered with a grin on his lips. "When you got your finger stuck in the door" "I still have a mark from that" Percy said that and observed the few little marks on the skin on his little finger. Annabeth took the same hand, brushed her finger over the scars, and sat up. She cuddled into his side and entwined their fingers together as they looked into at the sunset. "We haven't gotten to do this in a while" Percy noted and gave her hand a gentle squeeze. "Yeah. I miss those days. Where the world was carefree and we didn't have to worry about a thing, just playing out in the sun all day" Percy took a moment to observe the setting sun again, signaling the close of another day, another cycle in his life. He then looked over to the girl on his left, leaning her head on his shoulder and holding his hand. "Do you believe in soulmates?" he asked her. "Yeah" "Did you ever think that they might not always be found through a romantic attraction? What if there was one person in the world that was just made for you to be with? To what lengths would you go to find that person?" "I would go to the corners of heaven and hell, but I don't have to. I already found mine a long time ago." "How did you?" he asked in curiosity. He knew he found his soulmate when he first met Annabeth, but he hasn't come to realize it until this moment. Their eyes locked, like they did so many times over the years they've known each other. "I can talk to him for hours, days even, and never get bored; because that person is unlike any other in the world. He knows what makes me cry and smile. I can tell him anything and he won't ever judge me or look at me differently. Because he's made me feel more stable and loved than even my own family could. He's my mirror, because he let me see my insecurities and he inspired me to change my life. He stood by me and believed in me when no one else did or would. He made me transform by breaking my heart open and allowing his light in. Because whenever I'm not with him I feel desperate to see him, even for just a minute. Because he shook me up and let me see my obstacles and allowed me to hurdle over them." She paused and held his hand in hers, playing with his fingers. For a moment, that short little moment, they felt like an eternity passed. Time didn't make sense. It was a beautiful silence that carried so much weight behind it. "And because no matter how many times I say 'I love you' to any other guy, my heart will only truly belong to one person. I will only truly love one" Annabeth added. Percy leaned forward and hugged her, "You stole all the words from me. Not fair" he whispered to her. "Well, you're going to have to deal with it, because I'm going to be nagging you the rest of your life" she said truthfully. "Please do. Never leave me" "I'll never, ever even think about it. Together forever, remember?" "Forever" Percy agreed. "Forever". A/N: Dedicated to and based off of my relationship with a very special someone. This might not be us exactly, but i'm sure that if we're ever caught in these situations, we'll go to similar lengths and beyond for each other. Because I can tell you things I will never tell anyone. Because you believe in me even when I can't believe in myself. Because no matter how many things I do wrong, you always look at my bright side. Because you made me do things I never thought I would be able to do before we met. Because you consume my thoughts every single day in the greatest way possible. Because no matter how many times I whine to you or how many problems I have, you will always listen to me. So, this is j ust a little something to show my gratitude for you being in my life. It isn't super special and may be corny at times (I just wrote the first things that came to my head), but I really hope you like it. And just so you know, this doesn't even come close to what I really feel or how much you mean to me. I'm so proud and happy to be able to call you my best friend and my soulmate.