for football, which was true, but I didn't want to be perceived as a bonehead right off the bat, before I even stepped into the school. To my pleasant surprise, she just grinned. "That's awesome. Congratulations." She seemed genuinely happy for me, but there was an underlying aspect to her tone that I couldn't quite decipher. It seemed as though the idea of football made her really unhappy. "You like football?" I chose to ask her. She "hmmmm'd" and nodded her head in response. I raised my eyebrow at her inability to form words. "I like watching... the... players." "A player ?" " Players ." She glared at me, but I already gathered all I needed to know. She had a crush on a guy who played on the football team. I could tell by how defensive she got so fast, even though her face remained passive, I could tell by how high her voice got. But I decided not to call her out on this, it seemed cruel. Just as I cleared my throat, about to change the subject, two other girls charged out of the mansion Piper had walked out of, and the one leading didn't look happy. "PIPER?! Are you with a BOY?" The voice didn't sound protective, just very annoyed and... jealous? "Ugh, Drew," Piper complained, tilting her head back against the trunk of the tree and groaning in displeasure. I peered over her to look at the girl who had spoken. Drew was tall like Piper, as well as albeit dark skinned, but that was where the similarities ended. She had flowy black hair to her waist in perfectly done curls, with piercing brown eyes that I could make out even from where I sat, and big red lips. She was stunningly beautiful, but not in a refreshing, down to earth way like Piper. More like your typical "dress to impress" kind of girl. I could tell she wasn't very chill like Piper by the way she glowered at her. The girl behind Drew didn't glare. She looked at Piper and I with an apologetic look. She was a short, petite girl, and had long golden blond hair to her chest that was done neatly in curls like Drew's, and large ocean blue eyes. Her plump lips were drawn in a scowl at Drew, but I could still tell that she was still really pretty. And that was when I took in the situation in front of me. I was surrounded by three beautiful girls who all looked pissed. All of a sudden, I felt nervous. "Drew," the blonde girl snapped. "Leave her alone and stop acting like all she does is flirt like you do, she already likes someone." Piper smirked. "Thanks Silena—" "Flirting is not the only thing I do! I'm very well-rounded!" Both of the other girls looked at Drew incredulously. She grinned sheepishly. "Well, maybe not... but I do know how to bake!" She spouted randomly in response. I raised an eyebrow at her, wondering how she found this information relevant. When she saw my face, she elaborated. "Our family heard that we were getting new neighbors, and when the moving truck drove in, I decided to make some welcome cookies." She glared at Piper before continuing again. "I was going to come and introduce myself, but my dear sister, Piper beat me to it." "Sorry," Piper deadpanned, rolling her eyes. "I wanted some fresh air." "It doesn't matter now I suppose," Drew replied, waving her hand in dismissal. "All that matters is that you get the cookies." "Yeah, I could go for some cookies with my hot new neighbors, why not?" All three of them blushed and I smiled at them warmly. "Aw, he's charming too," Drew gushed, before snapping out of it and gesturing for the rest of them to follow her into the house. The inside of the home decoratively outranked the outside. A huge glass chandelier stood in the middle of a foyer, with two princess staircases on each side with marble steps. It looked like it came straight out of one of those glamorous Hollywood movies I used to watch with my mom. My nightmare to sum it up nicely. Those movies weren't exactly guy-centric. Maybe they should be though, I definitely enjoyed staring at the house. Drew led us all to the kitchen, where a plate of chocolate chip cookies were waiting, still gooey and warm. They didn't shine the brilliant blue that I often required for my food, but I was too entranced by the smell of cookies that I didn't really care (but I did ask to put a little blue icing on it) and I felt much more at home than I had when I'd first arrived. When I finally had to leave the girls, Piper called from behind me, "Don't stand looking like an idiot at lunch on Monday, you'll sit with us !" First day there and I already had new friends. I could only imagine what the rest of the school year would bring. . . . My first Percy Jackson story that will be multi-chapter! I'm so excited it's not even funny. Next chapter will be a summary of what Annabeth has been up to until this point in the story. Percabeth probably won't meet until the fourth, fifth, or sixth chapter. Please tell me what you thought of this first chapter! Was it promising? I like all reviews, so feel free to tell me if you hate it. I can take it. I love constructive criticism. The chapters will get longer in length as the story progresses, I promise! Also, I'll have a goal to reach for reviews each chapter, because if you reach it, I'll be more excited to update. Review Goal: 5 reviews LASTLY — I'm looking for a beta/person who could help with my football terms and knowledge for the future of Percy's career. That would be fantastic. That's all, please review! ~Molly xoxoxoxoxoxo