the son of Hades holding the pen and the blade in slight delight. Well, he still had his other options left if he really wanted to. Maybe he was being desperate, but who cares? Besides, he knew his so-called friends didn't really care for him as a person, they only cared for him as the Hero, the Saviour of Olympus. For all the things they all saw him as, it was never who he really was. He smirked slightly to himself. What they don't know won't kill them. But it will kill him. Personal loyalty to the end, remember? Athena was right. The most dangerous flaws are those who seem deceptively good. And they once asked how loyalty was a fatal flaw. Maybe that was something that made no sense to most people who didn't know Perseus personally. But maybe all he ever wanted was to be seen as Percy Jackson, the boy who gets kicked out of essentially every school he goes to, the one who lost his closest mortal family, the one who was broken down deep inside yet kept a strong facade up. Maybe he wanted to be seen as that rather than as Percy Jackson, the son of Poseidon, the demigod who beat Ares when he was twelve, the Slayer of Kronos, the Downfall of Gaea, the Bane of the Minotaur, the Hero of Olympus, the Saviour of Olympus. It was just a coincidence anyways. Why couldn't he have lived a normal life? Right, he was a demigod. Why couldn't he have lived a normal demigod life? Right, he was a child of the Big Three. Why couldn't the gods have left him alone? Right, he was part of two Great Prophecies. Why couldn't he live a normal demigod life after all that? Right, Tartarus flashbacks and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Basically a rundown of what was so wrong about his life, both mortal and demigod. "Instead of trying to kill yourself, let's talk about this," Piper said with finality, successfully applying charmspeak to her words. "What's wrong?" Percy couldn't help but feel the sudden urge to spill out everything messed up about his life. So, despite the faint protests of the remains of his sane mind, he spilled everything. From how the mutual breakup with Annabeth shattered him, how everything he does ends up with people getting hurt (Beckendorf, Silena, Zoë, Bianca, Bob…), to how his feelings for a certain son of Hades were driving him insane and how everyone expected him to be someone he wasn't. Then when he was finally done, he sat there stoically, staring into space while his friends embrace him in a hug. "Why?" His broken voice asked. Unspoken words hung behind his far from completed question. Why do you bother helping someone who's not worth saving? Why do you force me to speak when I so clearly don't? Why do you try to save me when I so clearly don't want to be saved? Why do you bother trying to lead me on? Why do you bother trying to lie to me? Why do you even try? "Because we care for you Perce, its not good to bottle everything up. And I speak from experience," Leo replied gently, taking care not to trigger the son of Poseidon. "Shush, I'm not worth it," Percy muttered, curling up and burying his head in his hands. Glares were instantly shot at him. "Not a word Seaweed Brain, you're worth it and don't let anyone tell you otherwise," Annabeth cooed softly, edging even closer to the son of Poseidon and stroking him gently on the back while everyone else let go. But what if I'm the one telling myself that? Percy thought cryptically, flinching away slightly and instinctively from Annabeth's touch, a pang in his heart at her clearly hurt expression. Slight hurt from the meaning behind his most popular nickname also stabbed at his heart. They all back off and the feeling of loneliness came crashing down again. And he broke. No matter what they all said, the son of Hades was far from emotionless. He had a crush on Percy too, although he would never admit it, same as he knew the son of Poseidon would never admit it willingly. So when Percy had confessed, everything went dull as he got absorbed in his thoughts, the main one being: What?! Then, looking at the breaking Sea Spawn, Nico couldn't help but feel his heart speed up as he looked towards the older boy. No matter what Percy thought, his friends would always be beside him, ready to help. Word Count: 3042 words (or somewhere around there) (A/N: Hi! This is another one-shot! Same universe (sorta) as Melodies. So this means that this is another prequel of sorts to my mysterious Pokemon PJO crossover fanfic! I'm also really happy about the reviews, favourites and follows from all you amazing readers! So, this is a birthday celebratory fic for Percy, because if I'm not wrong, today is his birthday. (Eighteenth August... right?) I mean, sure its not a happy fic, because I don't write happy fics, but it is a birthday fic. So... I also have to transfer the first chapter of OGAP (Of Gods and Pokemon) to my computer from paper and I'll be able to publish the chapter! I'll probably take down SaD (Stars and Dimensions) as well. Not one of my best works if I say so myself. I think I work better writing one-shots compared to long stories. *sigh* What happened to the time when I swore I would never write/read fanfictions and one-shots? Down the drain I guess. New lesson kids: Don't swear promises you can't keep since you'll only get jinxed. Well, besides the point, I've come up with a new system when writing, as you can probably see. Short summary, extended summary, main characters, side characters, mentioned characters, pairings, warnings, personal warnings, story, word count and author's note in that specific order. Anyways... Peace out! Summer)