afraid that if he spoke any louder she would shatter like glass. The girl smiled lightly as she hung her head down low, tears spilling from her eyes as she looked at her brother for the first time since her death. "Hey Percy." She replied just as quietly. Jesse was startled when a body impacted her pushing the both of them to the ground with arms wrapped around the other in a tight hug. When she looked up she was meet with the teary eyed gaze of her twin brother as he stared down at her for the first time in a little over nine years. Percy stared down at his twin sister Jessica 'Jessy' Jackson. The two of them had been the best of friends and completely inseparable up until her death nine years ago. Jessy's death had all but destroyed Percy and Sally. While you would never notice it looking at them now if you had just meet them, had you known them when Jesse was still alive there was definitely a humongous difference now compared to then. Just seeing Jesse again reignited all of the old wounds that he had worked hard to bury, but at the same time it filled him with a deep peace he hadn't felt since her death. "Jesse, what? How?" A cheshire grin spread across Jesse's face. She just couldn't help herself and began to poke fun at her twin just like she did when she was still alive. "Come now brother. I know you can speak better than that. Come on boy, you can do it. You can do it boy!" Hearing her words caused a large vei to begin bulging along the side of his head as a tick mark appeared above it. Yep this was definitely his sister, only she had the ability to get under his skin so easily. Quickly though his irritated mood was replaced with a somber one once again. "How are you here Jesse? What are you doing here?" The same somber mood found its way onto Jesse's face once she heard her brothers question and as quickly as she could she began to answer. "I'm here for you Percy. I've been waiting here for you along with the others since I died. They made me the same offer that they made you with the added benefit that i would get to go back with you and relive the life that I lost." Percy couldn't help but widen his eyes and turn his head to the side to stare Exodus in the eyes. "Yes Percy it's true," The immortal answered the question he could see in the young teens eyes, "We gave her the same offer we gave you and she accepted. Since then she has been waiting here with us for you to arrive. It's just like I said, even you can't do this alone and with Jesse by your side the two of you will be unstoppable as long as you care for and protect each other. Now I hate to cut this reunion for the two of you short but we are running out of time. Now that the both of you are dead the prophecy has been broken meaning the fates will begin looking for you in elysium. We need to go ahead and send you back. All of your choices have already been set and will take effect the moment you are sent back." With his piece said the immortal outstretched a hand where a large mass of power had begun to congregate before shooting said energy into the air. Not long after a white rip appeared and opened up forming a sort of portal which the twins could only surmise would take them to their new life. Standing to their feet the twins were about to move beneath the portal when Exodus spoke once more. "I have one last thing to tell the two of you. Once you enter your new lives you will forget all about this until it is time for the game to begin. You will know when that is because Cin will personally pay a visit to the two of you. And don't worry he will explain why we did this once it is time. Until then stay safe you two and remember to watch each others backs." Hethen snapped his fingers and the portal descended on the two demigods taking them to their new home another universe entirely. ' Please be safe you two, this universe has already fallen. I really don't want to see another one fall because of us." And with that thought Exodus and the others teleported out of that universe and into the one they had just sent the twins to. They left just in time too because only a mere moment after they left the plane they had been staying in collapsed only to be replaced by a bright gold indicating the winners of the Second Titan War. The second Titanomachy had begun. XXXXX End of Chapter XXXXX AN: I hope everyone like the prologue for this new story. Both Flare and I will be trying to get chapters for this story out as soon as we can with our busy schedules. Also I would like to warn everyone that some chapters may have different writing styles depending on who wrote the chapter, either FlareDragon or me. To anyone who knows where the chain link idea came from good for you for those that don't the credit goes to Third Fang along with his two stories Take Two Round Two and Yet Again With A Little Extra Help. At the bottom of this AN will be a list of everyone who made a cameo appearance. So once again I hope everyone liked the prologue. If so please leave me some nice long reviews. Until Next time guys. Exodus out. Cameo Appearances Exodus - Me Flare - FlareDragon117 Syrus - Utherlightcore Umbra - Adina (My Older Sister) Cin - TheBooogyMan