loading. By the very end the had loaded Matt's extremely large armoury and everything else, that was important, into the truck. Jake made everybody wear plate carriers for protection. He himself looked like a mercenary, with his preferred combat gear. They had a total of five vehicles in the convoy. One armed Mine Resistant Ambush Protected, or MRAP, truck and two armed Gurkha F5s with 50. caliber machine guns mounted on top, as well as the "Knox Truck". Although only a few people could use the guns, all positions were filled. The few people that could were Jake's good friends that he'd taught how to use guns were on the 50. caliber machine guns. Olivia kept shooting Jake dirty looks. He would try and talk to her about it when they stop for a break.. They soon were on the road and headed towards Camp Half-Blood. Halfway to Camp Half-Blood, during the rest stop, Jake started walking over to Olivia when two hostile trucks rolled up to the stopped convoy. One of the people in the truck climbed out of the window and started aiming at the nearest person, which happened to be Olivia. Jake slammed into her, as the man shot, bringing her into the cover of the MRAP. Jake quickly climbed off and started shooting back. All of the mounted machine guns started firing at the two trucks, quickly decimating the trucks. Jake walked off without a word towards Olivia. She noticed that there was a dent on his plate carrier, right where he head would've been if he hadn't tackled her. They checked up on everyone for wounds and the only one who was injured was Jake. He had severe bruising on his back due to the bullet. Sadly, they didn't have any ambrosia or nectar. Jake was rather quiet for the rest of the drive. Why did he save Olivia? He had no reason to. In fact; the group would've operated better without her. He was very confused on what made him save her. Perhaps it was because of his time in the military with Matt? No, that's not it . He thought. Maybe it was because she was a good fighter, one of the best in the group. Yeah, that has to be it. Jake reasoned. They arrived at the Camp Half-Blood at around midday. Jake told everyone to stay inside the vehicles while he and Matt check out the camp. Both men had experience clearing compounds in the military and Jake didn't want to risk lives by taking them into a, possibly, unsafe area. Jake took point and raised his custom HK-416. Matt followed, except he had a custom G36C. They walked up the hill, checking every angle for threats. When the two reached the crest of the hill they saw a flash in the trees, a telltale sign of a scope. They took cover behind separate trees. "There's obviously people here. We have to get past the boundary, then they'll know we're half-bloods. If they engage. Fire near them, not at." Jake ordered. In unison they rushed the boundary. An arrow whizzed by Jake's head, embedding itself in a tree. They passed the boundary. When they a large number of demigods popped out of nowhere, dressed in full battle armour , with weapons drawn and pointed at the two. "Who are you?" One asked, stepping forward, presumably the leader with a handgun pointed at Jake. "I'm Jake Axelson and this is Matt O'Hara. Now that you know our names, tell us yours." Jake responded lowering his face mask. The leader "Jake, I thought you died. When we all woke up we only had about fifteen or so, now we have ten." Euth said, he was one of Jake's good friends. "Shit. That's not good, man. We woke up with thirty people. We total twenty-four. We lost eight people when we woke up. The only thing majorly troubling me is where are the rest of us? I haven't seen any roman demigods, or anymore demigods aside from you guys." Jake mused. "I really have no idea Jake. You said that you total twenty-four. Where is the other twenty-two?" Euth asked. "Their down the hill. I didn't know if the camp was hostile or not so I didn't want to risk anyone's life." Jake said, pointing towards the hill crest. "Well, get them up here. We've been taking care of all the pets, Hendrix has been very antsy lately." Euth spoke. Jake went down and told everyone to drive up the hill. They knocked down a few trees but they got through after an hour of precision driving. Everyone eventually settled in, the ones who had pets got reunited. Jake got tackled by his tank-sized Direwolf. Matt talked to Jake about cancelling the route to Canada and changed it so they would be heading to Camp Jupiter to see if they could find the Romans. After they find the Romans they would unite and take down the bastard Torrington. Jake was pretty sure that Torrington caused all of this, so he'd need a lot of firepower to kill him. One of the many things that confused Jake was what the gods were doing. Why hadn't they fixed anything or even contacted them. Jake shook the thoughts out of his head. He walked over to the Big House, as he didn't have a cabin to sleep in, and walked to his room. He collapsed onto the bed. He fell asleep within seconds, all of the stress and injuries catching up to him. He wasn't prepared for what was to come tomorrow morning. A/N: I left y'all off with a cliffhanger, hehe. I'm going camping for a week so it'll be two or so weeks until the next chapter is done. If I don't have any feedback when I get back I will break something. Probably one of my broken keyboards or mouses. Special thanks to Slone13 for continuously supporting me when I was writing this chapter.