it off, but another man, whom Ortheus presumed to be the leader, held a hand up. "Wait," he commanded, "do not kill him. Let him be a test." Looking at Ortheus, he automatically knew what the leader wanted, he wanted Ortheus to kill the manticore. Usually Ortheus would argue, but he didn't think the manticore would wait for that, so he charged, hoping to get a piece of the other guy later for doing this to him. As Ortheus charged, the manticore went from a sprinting stance to a fighting stance, ready to pounce on his foolish prey. WHile he charged, Ortheus though up a plan, the manticore was fast and agile, but not the best in close combat. It relied heavily on the use of its tail to paralyse the enemy before finishing it off. If he wanted any chance to survive, he'd have to get behind the thing. The question was how, the beast surely knew of its weakness, and would go out of its way to protect it. Without any idea of how he would go about getting its tail off, Ortheus met with the manticore. As soon as Ortheus was within range, the manticore released a volley of spikes towards Ortheus. Ortheus ducked behind his shield and rolled out of the way to get away from the dangerous spikes. As soon as he got up the manticore was on him. He barely had enough time to raise his shield before its claw came down on him. The strength of the swipe almost caused Ortheus to drop his shield, but he withheld. He grunted in pain, there was no way he could take much more of that. Quickly a game of cat and mouse ensued, with Ortheus playing the mouse, and the manticore playing the cat, slowly but surely preparing to pounce on its prey. Ortheus had to come up with something, and he had to do it fast. In a daring move Ortheus went straight for the manticore. The manticore reacted by firing another volley of spikes at Ortheus, turning its body in the process. Rather than using his shield, Ortheus jumped over the volley, taking a few to the legs and one in his left arm. Before the manticore had time to do anything else, Ortheus threw the shield at his head, hoping and praying that it would land true. His prayers were answered, the knock to the head gave Ortheus the moment of distraction that he need. He quickly cut the tail off the manticore, separating the deadly weapon from its source. A fight ensued in close quarters, the manticore inexperienced without his weapon, Ortheus starting to feel the effects of the poison as his legs felt weaker and his left arm began to buzz. In yet another daring attempt, Ortheus used the last of the strength in his legs to jump onto the manticore. The manticore used its hind legs to stand and its front paws to knock Ortheus out of the way, just as he had hoped. AS he soared away from the manticore he threw his sword into the chest of the beast while its arm was out and its guard was down. By some miracle of the gods themselves the sword hit the beast in the heart and went straight through, and the monster dissolved into golden dust. Ortheus felt like fainting, but there was still one more thing to take care of. That prick of a leader who almost sent him to his death. He rolled over, not having the strength to stand, and looked at their leader, who was looking straight back at him, his glowing green eyes shining through the hood. "Most impressive," the man said, "I'm sorry I put you through that, but I wanted to see if you were worthy of joining this group. I promise we would have helped if we thought it to be necessary. Seeing as you have proved yourself, how would you like to join The Assassins." (Not like from Assassins Creed, this is different) "The what now" is all Ortheus could ask? "Allow me to explain," the leader started, knowing he would be confused, "The Assassins is an elite group of immortals who go around the world slaying monsters of all mythology. The immortality is gained from the tree of immortality guarded by Ladon, but don't worry about that part. The group consists only of males, no females allowed, and you must take a vow of chastity." As Ortheus thought about it, the more it seemed to me like he was just joining the Hunters. With that thought, he decided to voice it to the leader. "So it's basically like the Hunters of Artemis but for guys?" Ortheus asked. They all growled under their breath, the leader was the most audible. Probably shouldn't have asked that. "Do NOT compare my men to a bunch of preteen adolescent girls who use one bad event to justify the genocide of the entire male species." The man barked at him. "Noted," Ortheus raised my hand in surrender, showing that he had no intention to make such a mistake again. "So will you join us or not" the man asked again? Ortheus mused the choice in his head. He couldn't believe he was actually considering the offer. The pros? Being trained by the greatest soldiers the world had never seen, traveling around the world to distant lands he could only dream of going now, being able to look after his sister even if it was in secret. The cons, Ortheus would probably die a brutal death, but hey, that's the life of a demigod. With that happy thought in mind, the answer seemed obvious. "I accept" "What is your name young Assassin?" the leader asked. "Ortheus" A/N Well there's the first chapter for you, hope you enjoyed. Any feedback you give me is much appreciated. I know the chapter may seem like it went on to long, but there's a method behind the madness.