favors. "What us you name?" the voice of Hadrian broke Dionysus's trance as he watched Hadrian trying to talk to the boy and help him all though it was mostly Hadrian chatting and the boy just sitting looking at her with confusion. "I'm guessing you don't have remember your name, mind you did say that it was X so that cant be it. Hmmm how about Perseus?" Hadrian said with a kind smile on his face which soon disappeared when the boy just stared at him. "Well what do you think of it?" he asked trying to gain an answer from him "Why are you doing this?" it wasn't the answer he wanted but at least he was speaking to him "Because a young boy like you shouldn't have gone through what you have, I know you just met me Perseus but I want to help you in any way I can, so if you want you can let all your emotions out. I know you have them locked up inside of you and its okay to cry" "No, crying is a show of weakness. Crying if for the weak who have no place among the strong" the boy answered back with a scowl and only now was Athena realizing what sort of life he had "No my dear boy you have it all wrong. Crying isn't a show of weakness. It just means that you have been strong for too long" Hadrian said making Dionysus look at him with a smile, it would seem that Dionysus was right after all and hopefully with the help of this boy perhaps they could convince Hadrian to come and be cured, he no longer wanted to see his half-brother/best friend disappear for all eternity. "Why… why did it have to happen to me? I never hurt anyone or did anything bad. So why did it happen to me" the boy cried and for the first time in while Dionysus actually felt sorry for a demi-god. He had snuck a glance at the boy's memories like Hadrian had, what he saw were fragment which were understandable after seeing his memory being wiped however the things he saw no one should have to go through. "I don't have the answers to your questions young one. But like I said I will help you as best as I can" Hadrian said making the boy look at him whilst Dionysus's smile grew larger. "I've always thought that family meant the most and no amount of power should take a family's place, let me adopt you Perseus, let me take you to my family and help you enjoy life" "I wish to help as well" Dionysus spoke up making Hadrian turn towards him and narrow his eyes. it was probably once in a blue moon or rarer than that, that you would hear Dionysus, the god of wine volunteer to help a demi-god that he barely knew "I wish to make you my champion Perseus" Dionysus said using the name that Hadrian had given the boy. If he made a bond with the boy then he could get the boy to help him convince Hadrian to go to Olympus and get his condition healed. "There you have it then Perseus. I'll adopt you and Dionysus will make you his champion. Think of him as your uncle and me as your father from now on okay" Hadrian said with a smile "But if I may ask, do you remember anything of your name" the boy shook his head however soon looked up and appeared to be thinking hard "I believe that one of the people where they kept me said my last name was Jackson before they named me Weapon X" the boy replied making the two gods pale. They had heard that last name before, the whole of Olympus had heard it after all it belonged to a mortal turned immortal like the hunters of Artemis. Sally Jackson, a mortal woman that Poseidon had an affair with and gave him twin sons. According to rumors one boy was made an outcast as Sally and Poseidon showered the older twin with affection. Three years after the twins were born, the youngest was forgotten and Sally Jackson along with the older twin Theseus 'Theo' Jackson were taken to Atlantis were Sally was made immortal. Hadrian turned even paler than Dionysus because of one simple fact. The former queen and prince of the sea Amphitrite and Triton were now living at his home with his wife after he had offered them sanctuary, although since they owe him a favor perhaps they would bless Perseus and not try to kill him. "Alright then I think you are going to like my home, from now on you will be named Perseus Jackson. Son of Hadrian and Champion of Dionysus. Now why don't I fix you up before bringing you to your new family? After all many people be confused if they meet the new prince wearing only a pair of ragged shorts" Hadrian said as he held out his hand, Perseus as he liked to be called now took hold of it with a firm grip thinking that he would just disappear like everyone else did in his life. Perseus turned towards Dionysus and smiled at him 'Wait a minute. Did my new dad just say I was going to be a prince' Perseus shouted in his mind when all of a sudden, Hadrian and Perseus flashed out leaving a smiling old wine god who was dancing to himself happily thinking that his greatest friend won't fade from existence thanks to his new family "Wait, he's going to show Perseus to his family. Oh I wonder how Damion will react when he finds out he had a new brother" Dionysus laughed to himself before flashing back towards Camp Half-Blood where he had to deal with his godly family's brat, hoping they Hadrian would quickly send Perseus and Damion to keep him company.