hair. "So, that's why Zoe has been avoiding you." Thalia said thinking about it. "I am sorry to hear that Leo." Rachel told him offering him an understanding smile. Leo smiled back. He knew Rachel understood because of the Percy thing. "Well, it's over. She is a huntress and I am a repair boy. This can't work anyways." He said shrugging. Drew smirked at this. "Oh no honey, not if me and Thalia can do something about this, right Thalia?" she asked her. Drew and Thalia surprisingly bonded over the past few weeks. Thalia smirked back. "You bet. Don't worry Valdez, you maybe not my type, but you are Zoe's." She joked and Leo laughed remembering the times he wooed her. Reyna wrapped an arm around Nico, who was holding Will's hand (Leo sometimes still can't believe that Nico really had a crush on Percy too) and Rachel. "We will help too." Rachel grinned at this. "Matchmaking! It's been a while since I did this." Will grinned at this. "This will be fun, right Nico?" Nico only sighed at this. "Whatever you say sunshine." He said as Wil laughed and pecked his lips. Leo couldn't help but smile at this. Nyssa smirked at Leo. "I shall help my lil bro too. If it's about love he definitely needs help." She said laughing. "Help. Help." Echo agreed grinning at Leo. "Hey!" Leo said pouting but smiled. He was really lucky to have such great friends. Calypso smiled at him and then hugged him tightly. "Leo, I know we are not together anymore. But I wish you all the best and want you to be happy." She said softly. Leo smiled back as he hugged her. "Me too Callie. You are still my best friend." She said softly. "Also, get together with Raven already. This is even worse than me and Zoe." He said laughing. Calypso blushed at this. "What…I don't know what you are talking about." Leo simply winked at her. "Of course." He teased her. "Hey, can you two love birds now come here so we can get Leo and Zoe back together? Not that she gets jealous of you Calypso!" Thalia cried as Leo and Calypso separated. They both laughed at this. Leo smiled at the sight of his friends and family helping. Once upon a time, he would be alone. Not anymore. -LINE BREAK- Leo waited for Zoe. He was standing in front of the lake. Many thoughts flew through his mind. What if the others didn't convince her to come? What if they failed? What if… "Leo?" he could hear her voice echoing through him. He turned around and smiled a bit. "Zoe! You…you came." He said smiling nervously. Zoe frowned at this. "Yeah, Thalia told me there was an emergency here, but I didn't expect it to be you." She said. Leo smiled at her sadly. "I know…it's just…can we talk about the kiss?" He saw Zoe flinching and feared she would leave but she nodded. "Sure." She said softly. Leo smiled and walked to her. "Look Zoe, I know…I am stupid. You have a family, the huntress and I shouldn't have kissed you. But…but I really like you. You are one of the few people who really understand me and don't judge me for who I am." He said softly. "And…and you are really cool and sassy and I really like your hair and all and…" he stuttered. Gosh he was such a stuttering mess. "And I am sorry for bringing such mess in your life. If only…" he said but to his shock he was cut off by Zoe who kissed him on his lips. Leo was overwhelmed by the power of passion that went through his body as she kissed him. He wrapped his arms around her kissing her back as if there was no next morning. It was simply wonderful, but… He immediately broke up staring at Zoe as if she was an alien, but she only smiled. "Leo, I quit the huntress." She said. "YOU DID WHAT?!" he cried in absolute horror. Oh god, what…Artemis would kill him. "Why?" he asked softly not understanding it. Zoe chuckled. "Because I realized while I love the huntress, I need something new. Something fresh. And you Leo, you have taught me so much over the past few weeks. I never ever met a boy who understood me like you did. You made me feel special, something which I didn't felt in ages now. After Hercules, I thought I was uncappable of loving any boy anymore, but you taught me the opposite. I love the hunt, but I think it's time for a change." She said smiling. He blinked. This… "But…what about Artemis?" he whispered fearing for her. Zoe chuckled at this. "She was at first angry. But after a while she understood. She even thanked me for all my services and then let me go." She said grinning. Leo stared at her in shock, then slowly began to grin. "Wow. Wait…does that mean…?" Zoe smiled at this. "Yes. Yes, I would love to be your girlfriend." She said kissing him again as she wrapped her arms around him. Leo smiled as he kissed back. Never in his life a simple yes sounded so good to him like now. Leo may have had bad luck with girls in the past but that didn't matter anymore because now he had Zoe. Woooooo, I did it! I wrote a Zoleo fic :D So proud of myself :p Hope you liked it Lola! I did my best and tried to write them as much as I could in character! ZOLEO IS SO CUUUTEEEE! (Even if I totally ship Caleo still XD). To all my other readers! I hope you liked the story! It is my third installment of Christmas presents that I gave to my online friends :p Around 25 will still follow XD Please give me a review and I hope to see you guys soon again!