doggies. This isn't too nice is it." a voice said from behind them, their heads whipped around, teeth shining, foam dripping. A low growl coming from their throats, "Didn't your mother teach you not to growl at other people?" the girl lay there in shock, her eyes looking at the ten year boy who kneeled there, arms hanging over his knees, how could he see them? Her eyes looked at his back, a casual black shirt along with black jeans, sneakers outline in red, "Lets see what you got." the boy grinned before jumping up, arms to either side, legs still held together so he looked like a ninja in mid flight. The girl looked at the boy as his palm came down, smashing onto the Hellhounds forehead, smashing it into the ground. She watched as the concrete ground cracked from that one hit. She wanted to help him. She screamed when a Hellhound appeared from the shadows to his right, front claws outstretched ready to shred. The boy slid down to the left and struck the underbelly of the Hellhound with his fingers, the monster of Greek mythology exploded in golden dust. Shining in the night shadows like some sort of twisted confetti. The girl watched in awe shock, at this boy who was beating up a pack of Hellhounds like it was some kind of daily thing, his movements were more fluid than most demigods, stronger than most monsters, faster than some minor gods. But even with that he was still ten, he forgot one Hellhound in his joy as he faced off what he thought was the last one. His fist driven right through its head, the monster swirled into golden dust in a pile, like leaves in an autumn day. The girl screamed as she watched it jump out of the shadows. "Look out!" the girl screamed before something extraordinary happened. Now most Greek Mythology lovers would know that there was once a man in Greece who was blessed by Poseidon to have the ability to morph into any animal known to that man. Yet there was another blood. Weapon blood. Giving that particular being the ability to change his or her body, into a weapon. Any weapon they known, any weapon they had seen. The more familiar they were with that weapon, the more powerful they would be. For this girl there was no flashy explosion of light, no roar of power, just a silent like whistle of the wind. Her arms bent back, back arching as she placed both of her fingertips together so that her body looked like a "D". Her bones morphed, muscle changed, skin hardened to something nearly unbreakable. The boy, somehow, stretched his arm out as the girl finished morphing. A battle glaive. The blade was greenish with a tint of black running down the middle, the handle in between both blades was what seemed to be leather reinforced with iron, his hand curled around the weapon as it fitted into his hand perfectly, an instant connection could be felt. The blade was even perfect size for him, as he was only ten years of age the entire blade was only a meter long. He spun it around his body expertly, the information, the form, just flooding into his head. Suddenly he spun around the glaive moving before him as he cut right through one of the last five Hellhounds remaining there. The Hellhound exploded into dust, but immediately the boy saw something different. Where the Hellhound use to be there was a sparking little glowing orb, entirely red with small wisps lengths coming off it. He could see all of them. All twenty-one. Soon to be twenty-five. The boy ignored them, getting over his initial shock, he immediately twisted his body as a Hellhound leaped forward from a shadow in front of him, he swung the war glaive down just as it passed right by him. Cutting through the body like as though it was wet paper. He then spun around, pivoting on his left foot as this time he leaned to the right, he threw the blade to his left hand and swung it up, cutting the Hellhound in half. He then jumped up before throwing the glaive, it spun in the shadow alley way, cutting right through a Hellhound just as it popped up from the shadows. The final last one. Immediately he spun around swinging the glaive. A dog head fell to the ground. Tongue sticking out. Red eyes dimming, entire body form disappearing as they all turned to monster dust. Suddenly the weight in his hand disappeared, he watched as the girl rushed to one of the red pulsating orbs. Her hand cupped around it, and then she ate it. Immediately her bruises healed off, wounds sealed, she continued doing this for each one. Whenever the boy tried to do it, his hand would go right through it. Finally the girl finished, and turned to face him, and for the first time for the night, he got a good look at her. The girl was about the same height as him, but that was where the similarities ended. Where he had concrete grey eyes, she had big red eyes. Where his hair was black, her was brunnet. He looked at her. Her lips perched a little as she tried to regain her breath, eyes looking at him, nose inflating slightly to increase the oxygen allowed in. Her white shirt and black pants tattered and ripped from the encounter with twenty-five Hellhounds. He could also see the various healing cuts and bruises, along with the patches of dirt; telling him, she lived on the streets. Yet he had never seen anything more beautiful in his life before. She even smiled at him. "Hi my name is Sophia." she said grinning as she extended her hand, "And may I get to know the name of my savior?" her cheeky grin never left her face. "Perseus, Perseus Jackson."