so full of emotions and deepness that Leo couldn't help but to be touched by it. " Piper…" he whispered. " I meant it Leo. Whatever will happen today, I wanted to let you know that I love you little bro." she said smiling at him. Now it took Leo everything not to burst into tears. He grabbed Piper and engulfed her into a bear hug. " I love you too, sis." he said kissing her cheek as he continued to hug her. For a while it was just the two of them, then Piper broke up from the hug. " I should probably look for Jason now. God knows what he is doing now." she said. Leo laughed at that. "Well, then go for your Superman, Beauty Queen." he said. Piper smiled at him, then turned around walking away. Leo looked after her realizing this could be the last time he would see her. " Piper, wait!" he cried. Piper turned around looking at him expectantly. Leo hesitated. There was so much he wanted to say. His plan, how much she meant to him, how he would probably die and how they should move on if he had died, but those thoughts didn't came out of Leo's mouth. He was like paralyzed. " I…thanks." he then finally said looking into Pipers kaleidoscopic eyes. Piper looked at bit confused at that, but then smiled. "No problem, Leo." and with that she walked away and Leo knew that this was probably the last conversation he would ever have with his surrogate sister again. Leo stared at the photo. It brought back good memories. Memories that seemed to be lost somewhere in the death of his mind and memories that seemed to be so long ago, as if already lived over hundred years long. He flinched a bit when he noticed someone touching his shoulder. To his surprise he saw Piper. "Beauty Queen! What a surprise to see you." he said. She smiled at him. "Hey, mind if I sit next to you?" she asked. Leo shook his head. "Of course not. Come sit." he said. She took a place next to him. "So how are you?" she asked him. Leo shrugged. "Good as always." he said. "You?" "I'm good, just wanted to see my best friend again. Haven't seen you so often anymore." she said. Leo rubbed his neck nervously at that. "Well, yeah. I was kind of busy in the last time." Piper nodded. She wanted to say something when she saw the photo of her and Leo. "Is that us?" she said incredulously. Leo nodded and laughed. "Yeah, that was us back then when we were still an Duo in the Wilderness School. Brings back old memories what?" he asked. Piper nodded and stared at the picture. "Yea, I kinda missed those times. Just me and you and some pranks on Coach Hedge." she said laughing. Leo laughed at that. "God, those pranks were genius. Well, they came from this amazhang genius here." he said pointing at himself. Piper rolled her eyes and playfully punched his arms. "Don't get too full of yourself, Repair Boy." she said. Leo pouted at that, but still laughed at it. For a while they just sat there in silence, then Piper broke it. "You know, I always wondered what would have happened, if Jason didn't appeared in our lives." she said. Leo turned to her surprised. "What do you mean?" "I mean that, if he would never appeared, then it would be just the two of us. Maybe you would then my boyfriend instead of Jason." she said tossing some stones into the water. Leo choked at that. "B…boyfriend?" he said flustered. Piper nodded. "Would be a weird thought what?" she asked. Leo never thought about that. But now he really did wonder what would have been if Jason was never there. Would he have fallen in love with Piper? Would they have been a pair? Would thy still be best friends? He looked back to her. Her hair was shining in the sunlight and she looked beautiful like always. Many boys would swoon fro her now, but not Leo. She was his sister and he loved that fact. He didn't needed to think about what could have been, because he now already had the life he wanted. "Nah, I would rather jump into the lake now than be your boyfriend." he said gagging. Piper looked insulted, but then smirked. "Oh, you like to jump in the lake, what?" she asked evilly. Before Leo could realize what happened, Piper pushed him into the Lake. He immediately got wet and then looked at Piper in shock. "Hey! What the Hades, Beauty Queen?" he asked incredulously. Piper smirked. "That what you get for insulting me and my girlfriend skills." Leo glared at her, but then broke out in laughter. "Oh now you are on it." he cried as he dragged her by the feet into the lake. Piper shrieked, but then landed in the water too. "Valdez, that means war!" she cried as she splashed him with water laughing. For the next few hours it was just the two of them splashing water at each other and having fun. Leo knew that his life could be better, but he also knew that he wasn't alone anymore. He had friends now, a family, an amazing girlfriend and a best friend a.k.a sister, that will always be there for him. And this oneshot is done! I just love Piper/Leo bromance. Their relationship is awesome and I hate how Rick didn't made more of it. I always thought their friendship was really underrated. I mean they were best friends before the demigod thing started. That's why I made a small oneshot about their amazing friendship. Personally, I am not that a big fan of Liper romance, but it is okay, but Caleo is still the best (besides Solangelo). Please review it. I really hope you liked this oneshot.