towards the Hephaestus cabin. Percy shook his head and made his way towards his own (very empty) cabin. It neat and tidy, the way it always was when Percy just got back after a long time away. When he stayed there for a while, however, things would look much more normal-and normal for Percy meant candy wrappers on the floor, bed unmade and clothes wherever he decided to put them. Percy wasn't one to care much about a clean room, unless it meant he could get first shower, but the Aphrodite cabin almost always got that anyway. Percy sighed as he climbed into bed. It had been a long day. First, his mom had seemed more nervous than ever about letting him go back to camp this morning. Then, Rachel had shown up to tell him she'd miss him, and she expected him to visit home a lot during the summer (which sort of unnerved him). After that came the taxi ride to camp, where Percy was stupid enough not to check who was driving, and almost gotten himself killed by the empousa in the front seat. And then there was Annabeth. Her reaction (or lack thereof) to his arrival was what seemed to be bothering him the most. They'd never been this awkward around each other. They'd had plenty of fights, sure, but they'd always been close enough that Percy figured it wouldn't matter. They'd always find a way to be friends again. But now he wasn't so sure. Annabeth would barely look at him. Percy found himself falling into a fitful sleep, as always. First, he thought he saw Grover, which was weird considering Percy hadn't seen his best friend in a while. "Grover?" Percy said, inching towards the satyr. Grover didn't move. He seemed to be asleep himself, by a tree possibly? Percy couldn't be sure. "Grover!" He said again, but his dream was already dissolving, morphing into another. Tyson sat in his cyclops workshop under the sea, where Percy knew their dad's kingdom must be. He whittled away with the metal in his hands, looking very sullen. "Tyson?" Percy said. The cyclops looked up. "Brother!" He exclaimed, dropping his metal. "Is my brother Percy okay? Where is my brother?" Percy blinked. "I'm alright, Tyson. I'm back at camp." Tyson nodded. He picked up his metal again. "Good, good. Camp is good. Percy will be safe at camp." "Tyson-" Percy strained for words. He didn't usually have dreams like these. They were never….well, peaceful. "Tyson,is something wrong? How are things going with Dad and the underwater kingdom?" Tyson's face darkened and his eye fell to the floor. "Daddy is working very hard. Don't see him much." Percy's felt for the big guy, but he really wanted to know what was up with their dad. But before he could say anything, and rapping noise shattered the scene and Percy found himself sitting straight up in bed, bewildered. What in Hades was that noise? He only realized, belatedly, that someone was knocking on the door. They sounded frantic. "I'm coming," Percy muttered, still half asleep. His feet got tangled up in the sheets as he tried to stand, but he shuffled his way to the door just as the knocking became even more insistent. He threw the door open...and was nearly knocked to the floor. "Whoa!" Percy blinked in the darkness. "Annabeth?" She was standing there, her hair a mess and her clothes rumpled. But that wasn't it. She was shaking, absolutely trembling. "Annabeth," Percy said, much more awake now, "what is it? What's happened?" "Sp-sp…." Her teeth were chattering, and she was still clutching the front of Percy's pajamas. "Hey, come here." Percy led her to his bed and wrapped his blanket around her shoulders. Then he took her hands in his. "Tell me what happened. Why are you so upset?" Her hands were still trembling, but she managed to say, "Sp-spider. There's a s-spider in m-my bed." If it was anyone other than Annabeth, Percy would've laughed. He felt the urge to in his chest, but forced it down. He knew Annabeth was terrified of spiders. Percy stood up. "Is there a way of death your prefer?" Annabeth seemed to stare at him, but it was kind of hard to tell in the dark. "What?" Percy shrugged. "There's an enemy in your cabin. No one, not even a spider, can get away with hurting my-" His tongue seemed to tie itself up of its own accord. What had he been about to say? "-my Annabeth," he finished lamely. "Where is this blasted spider that upset my Annabeth?" He really wished he'd turned on the light. It was almost impossible to tell, but he thought Annabeth might be smiling at him for the first time since he'd gotten back to camp. Annabeth stood up. "Thanks," she said, and he could definitely hear the smile in her voice, "but I think I'm fine now." "You sure? Because I could just get my trusty sword and-" Annabeth cut him off with a small, exasperated laugh. "Go back to bed, Seaweed Brain. Sorry I woke you." She leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek, then started for the door. "That's my blanket, you know," Percy called after her. "I know," she said, and shut the door behind her without another word. Percy smiled. Hey guys, sorry it's so short and all, but I thought it'd be cute to end it here, you know? Leave room for the rest of the summer where things could get more awkward with Percabeth because of Perachel. I'm not going to write that part, I'll just let your minds wonder what happened for yourself. Because, I mean, we all know what happens in The Last Olympian. I'm not ruining any of the relationship Uncle Rick built up for them lol. This was just a cute little drabble I thought of and HAD to write. *I don't own anything you recognize God bless you all! -Daddysgirl11