to be the best motivator to you.") Over and over Nico did his job. Over and over he watched Percy cover up suspicions with a smile. Every night Percy would work on his collection of mask, adding touch-ups and gluing back together pieces when it began to crack and break. ( "You must understand how this works. If you pretend to be something for long enough, you become the thing you were pretending to be.") Nico curled up tighter, almost into a ball, hands trembling underneath the pillow. He had been reduced to a child in a matter of seconds. He could feel Percy's gaze on him, hard and undecided. What he didn't understand, what Percy couldn't possibly realize, is that when the time came to remove the mask, he couldn't do so without removing a bit of his own skin. ( "Do your job well, Nico. If you don't, there may come a day where your services won't be needed any longer." ) Percy knew how to establish fear. He knew how to make it come alive so it wasn't just an emotion anymore, but a monster. A living, breathing, monster that had its claws around Nico and wasn't just content on merely letting him go. Percy was still standing there. So many smiles. So many masks. Eventually, it was just hard for Nico to keep up. Those painted on faces all blended together with tight smiles and bright smiles and flushed smiles and cruel smiles. Which was the real Percy? Was he even human anymore? Was Percy gone and replaced with one of the masks he created? Was he nothing more than a smile? Was that all his existence thrived for? To be someone he wasn't? To deny, deny, deny with smiles, smiles, smiles? When did Nico start to be unsettled by his companion? What day had that been? An accident , he had claimed it to be after Rachel's death. I did not intend to kill her. Deep down, Nico knew he had been lying. It's okay , he had replied to his hysterical friend. Don't worry. I'll take care of it. Even then, he had dismissed Percy's condescending smirk as a grateful one. So when had Nico started growing afraid of him? Was it that one time he held a gun to his forehead? Or the other time where he threatened to slice off a finger? Or maybe it was just his tendencies to brutally murder women. When had that become Nico's normal ? "Nico?" He could feel the mattress dip as Percy rested his weight on the other side. He could smell him-the scent of salty air, tobacco, and a distinct metallic substance he couldn't place- and hear his steady breathing. They held a slight tremor, but that could easily be mistaken for enthusiasm. That's what everyone else assumed when they caught glimpse of that angelic smile. There was a soft prod to his arm. "I know you're awake." Nico's breathing hitched at his words, and his fingertips pressed into the mattress. "Do you feel ill?" he questioned, a hand gently resting on his shoulder. Nico tried not to flinch, but surely Percy could feel the fear radiating off his body. He could probably hear his heart beating. When the younger man didn't respond, he sighed. "I'm just wondering if you remember where your loyalties lie." ( "Betrayal is something I never forgive, nor forget." ) At the suppressed memory, Nico shuddered. He hoped Percy would blame it on the cold winter air, but then again, he had never been lucky. Nico di Angelo's entire life revolved around the notion that he was unwanted. His father looked upon him as an inconvenience, his mother was too frail to even cast a gaze, and the rest of his family sneered down at him with disapproval. Wedlock had tarnished his name, and it left him alone. Bianca, his beautiful sister, the one person who accepted him, had died. But then Perseus Jackson came along. He gave Nico light again. He showed Nico that the world was not always cruel. He gave Nico hope with those smiles, only to steal them away. There wasn't any choices to be made. ( "There's always a choice." ) Lies. All his words were lies. His lessons, his personality, Percy's smiles- they were nothing but a painted mask. He hated Percy, but Nico hated himself even more for falling into the web Percy had weaved. He was tangled and trapped, forever to be there until his old companion decided that Nico was a nuisance. And then he'd be unwanted again. "No, of course not," Nico dismissed, coughing hoarsely for good measure. His tears and silenced sobs from the night before made his voice sound thicker. "You're right. I don't feel too well." The shifting figure stilled. Percy smiled sympathetically, eyes shining with concern. "How dreadful. I'll make you some tea." He leaned over so Nico could smell him-ah, blood. That was the metallic scent he couldn't place- and planted a soft kiss on his temple. Nico held his breath until the door had closed behind him. Then he let out a repressed cry, tears clouding his vision. The endless victim's screams wouldn't leave his mind. Maybe it was his turn to get a mask. ( "Smile, Nico. You're finally home." ) SO SMILE B E C A U S E Even the BRIGHTEST smiles can hide the DARKEST S E C R E T S A/N: Okay. It's official. I AM AN EVIL PERSON. Er...I hope you liked reading this? It's quite different from things I usually write, and I actually enjoyed writing this a lot. If you didn't know already, you guys can request one-shots you'd like to see written by me. Ed Sheeran's Fangirl: Hopefully this is something you enjoyed...hopefully...xD Reviews are always appreciated, and please excuse any grammar errors I may have made. (I'm also aware of the mega, extreme OOCness of Percy and the rest of the characters)