at Nico who was texting someone on his phone. He looked over sensing my gaze and I grinned mouthing 'Thankyou!' He kept his face emotionless but I could tell he was fighting a smile and nodded. "Uncle P, why is your milkshake... Blue?" Lyra asked, I smiled at her and said. "Because my cousin remembered thats how I lke things" I told them smiling unable to keep the smile off my face, he may not be talking to me but least he cares enough to dye my things blue. "Who's your cousin?" Isla asked, I looked over and pointed to him in all his black mc donalds outfit. They jumped up and I tried to stop them but they walkd all the way to the counter scaring Nico, which is an extremely hard things to do considering he is the ghost king. They talked and Nico raised his eyebrows at me over their heads but I just looked at the table... They all nodded and Nico leant over passing them both a smartie mcflurry putting his finger to his lips in a Shh motion. He smiled one last time before desending behind the counter. Th girls ran over giggling "I like him, he reminds me of auntie Tha- I mean... our friend Tilly" Lyra grinned at Isla who retrned it but had a hint of worry. "What? Auntie who?" I askded that Tha sounded alot like Thalia... "Noone, it's just a game we play at school she's the auntie and we're the children" Isla covered up. I nodded unconvinced, but offered "The cinema after this?" They both cheered again and jumped up after finishing their meals running out the door me following close behind. We ended up watching some weird spin off to sleeping beauty; Maleficent, whohc wasn't too bad. I drove the girls home and mom thanked me for taking them off her hands for a while. "Are you coming on sunday?" she asked suddenly, She did this everytime and eveerytime I answered the same, shaking my head I walked to the door. "Why?" I shook my head and pointing to my head telling her with my hands what I couldn't with my mouth. "Okay... Be careful okay?" I rolled my eyes nodding "I'm serious" she said sternly, I nodded again answering her this time "I know mom, it was once..." the world faded again and the floor came close to my face before it went black. The day I left I decided to test a theory, would uncle Zeus kill me if I wnt on a plane...? I truly wanted to die, I couldn't live without Annabeth and she could only live if I did... I was too dangerus for her I attracted monsters like light to a moth. She had just woken up from a bad head wound which nobody was sure she would wake up from... The first thing I did when she woke up was kiss her. She was alive and hats what mattered. " Annabeth, you have been seriously hurt because I am a fucking flashing light attracting us to monsters.I'm so so sorry! You're going to get badly hurt one day, wise girl and I... I cant let that happen!" I sobbed, and she cupped her hand to my cheek. " Percy..." She warned but I shook my head cutting her off "No. Annabeth, I really can't let that happen so instead of you being in constant danger I... I have to go, There's no discussing it! I married you and I will always love you, fuck, that expression doesn't even mean anything anymore... I can't live without you hence why I'm leaving..." A strangled sob broke free of her chest and tears fell down her cheeks in a constant stream "Y-Y-You can't Percy! No, I won't let you! Please, Percy, I need you! I love you..." She sobbed and I nodded hugging her my tears mixing with her own. I pressed my lips against her own once more before stepping away sobs breaking free making me weak at the knees. This would be so hard, impossible! She screamed my name but I continued to walk, A brigh flash apperated infront of me and Athena stood infront of glaring her eyes almost red with anger. Tears rolled faster and faster down my cheeks. " Where do you think you're going!" She yelled, making me flinch. " I'm keeping her safe! I'm no good for her, you said so yourself!" I yelled she stared at me in shock before nodding slowly. " Keep away from her! You hurt her, you made her like she is now and I swear if she is ever hurt by you EVER again, I will kill you!" She growled. I nodded . " Good! I'd rather you kill me now, than if hurt her again!" I cried pain growing within my chest, she shot me a confused looke before walking into the infirmary where I could hear Annabeth crying tearing my heart in two. I walked out of camp and pulled my fist back thrusting it forward smashing against a rock with a sick punch. There was nothing bu a faint tingling sensation and I quickly ran to the airport in hope that Zeus would comply my wishes, I'de rather not live at all than live wiht out her... I felt electric rush through my body as the familiar sensation of water slipped through my skin absorbing into my body. I sat up ignoring the spinning room, glaring at the floor. "I'm going home." I muttered walking out the door and towards my car in on swift motion. I hate my stupid life, Nothing ever goes right. I drove home and stopped the car outside my house... I got out a strange feeling in my stomach, a growl stopped me in my tracks and I turned, to see one of my oldest friends... The Minatore, I hope you liked it! Reveiw, Favourite and Follow! That would be appriciated! Thanky'all