as something beneath them." Chiron stated "As impossible as Artemis having daughter? We two are kind of impossible but here we are." Arthur said with a wide grin. "Also Dad was always fond of the humans thats why he stole the fire for them. Try to call him and I bet he will tell you everything you want to know Chiron. I believe right now he should be still on the Olymp." "Mr. D said something about an old scarface. Can it be he meant Prometheus with that?" Annabeth asked as she remembered what Mr. D tried to say as she entered the tent. "Probably, I will try to contact Prometheus. In the meanwhile could you show Arthur around and lead him and Luna to their hutt?" Chiron asked the three camper while he went towards the mainbuilding mumbling about that even after some millenias there still things that suprise him. "So how about we all introduce us each other again. You all know my name but I would like to know who you all are." Arthur said while loking at Luke, Annabeth and Beckendorf with a friendly smile. "Good idea, I am Luke Castellan son of Hermes and leader of my hutt." Luke introduced himself as he was the first to recover from all the suprises. "I am Charles Beckendorf but everyone just calls me with my last name. My father is Hephaistos." "Wait, you were the one who threw his shield at the hound right?" "Ahm, yes that was me." "Allright from now on I am gonna call you Cap.. I think even Captain America couldn't have thrown the shield better. Thanks to you I didn't become a chewtoy." Arthur said that with a smile. "What do you mean with chewtoy?" Luna wondered Arthur told her then that one of the hellhounds nearly had gotten him and how he was saved from Luke and Beckendorf. Luna began to hitting her brother then "You said you would not do something reckless you stupid oaf." angry that her big brother nearly died (forgetting how scared she was just a few moments ago) "Ouch. Stop that. That hurts. I sad I am sorry. Help me" Arthur begged the others while his sister continued to hit him Annabeth then grabbed her and pulled her away from her brother and said amused: "I think he realized, that he should never again let a hellhound try to eat him." "Well as long as he gets it." Luna said with a grunt. "I am Annabeth by the way and daughter of Athene" she introduced herself. "Allright. I hope we all can become good friends." Arthur said as he stood up "And would you now give me the honor to show me the camp?" he asked the three demigods while bowing as if they were some royalyties. The three chuckeled at that and began than to show Arthur for the first time the camp and Luna the second time. As they stood in front of the Artemis hut, the hut had the number 8 from the twelve hutts, they heard some rumbling noises inside it and just as they wondered what it could be the door suddenly swung open and they saw a badger right infront of them. "MERLIN!?" the Bones siblings shouted in confusion. The badger called Merlin just grunted at that and it kind of heard like "Who else did you suspected, the Toothfairy?" "What the hell are you doing here?" the two shouted in union. Merlin gave them a look as if they asked that for real? "I mean, you hid yourself when theese dogs came, how did you find the camp?" Arthur asked his friend. Merlin just shrugged at that, in a way that looked "because I could". Annabeth, Beckendorf and Luke didn't know what to say. Not enogh that one of the siblings is a son of a Titan and the other is the daughter of Artemis, they were now talking to a badger as if it would be the most common thing in the world. Even for Camp Halfblood that was kind of crazy. As they looked closer at the the badger it seemed to them that it was bigger then a normal badger should be , even if none of them had seen one before. "Art I think you should explain who Merlin is. The others don't know him." Luna suggested her older brother as she saw the looks on the others faces. "Oh, yes your're right. Sorry. Well this guy here is Merlin. He isn't a normal badger as you probably guessed. My father made him as a present to my sister's birth and with that ha became the fourth member of the Bones-family. Don't make the mistake to take him for some stupid animal, because if you do he probably already will pull a fast one on you. He's smarter then most of the people we've met so far. Also don't play cards with him, we think he cheats because he is always winnig and becomes then a arrogant knowing all fuzzball. And yeah we can understand what he says, if you arround him long enough you all will probably, too. Luke begann to laugh at this kind of introduction. "You really are one kind of a family. With you guys around I bet it won't be boring" Allright that was the first Chapter I hope you guys liked it. It's the first time I am writing a story, so if there are some things that you think are bad please tell me so I can improve myself as a writer. In the first chapter I wanted to introduce my OCs and how they came to the camp. It will take a while for me to write the next chapter because I often think that what I wrote isn't good enough so please be patient with me. The story is rated M because later it will get a little more bloody then it was in the books.