relationship with me because the council had mixed feelings on this and she didn't want her family to fight. I was distraught." Slowly tears pooled down my eyes. "She gave me a small kiss, not knowing that it felt as if she was mocking me at what could've been and left. I didn't understand, wasn't I family too then? I didn't see her until my banishment. I grew quiet, preferring to be alone since then. Out of nowhere, there was all of a sudden a half-brother of mine. Same age as mine just to rub it in that Poseidon had lied to my mother about her being a 'queen among mortals'. He was everything I hated. Arrogant, cocky, prideful, total douchebag. You know, Gaia, your little set-up." Gaia winced at that. "He made it out that I was a horrible person to the newer campers and turned the older ones against me. Then he planted evidence that I was working with you and then evidence about how I tried to take advantage of Hestia, leading it all up to the single kiss we had, making it look like I was forcing myself on her." I sighed in dejection. "I was brought to Olympus, in chains. I was accused and sentenced here and that's all she wrote." They were looking immensely regretful, but I didn't see. Well, more like I can't see anymore. I felt my two counterparts slowly dissipating into nothingness. "I guess I should try staying away from maiden goddesses." I chuckled dryly. At the confused sounds of Gaia and Kronos, I answered their unasked question. "In my first life I was Theseus, King of Athens. I fell in love with Athena, but was betrayed and wasn't even given a heads-up about my imminent betrayal and execution by her. Then I was Orion, an archer on par with the Twin Archers themselves. I was content with my life for a while, but met Artemis soon after she heard of my skills. We became friends, and I fell for her, but knowing she was a maiden goddess, I knew that I couldn't pursue her. So I was content to just being her friend. But out of jealously and spite, Apollo twisted the truths of my past and convinced Artemis that I was a horrible man after she shot me dead." Gaia spoke up suddenly. "But I thought you were a rapist. I mean, didn't you rape that princess and then ran away?" I chuckled dryly. "History is written by the victors. I was dead, so how could I defend myself. If you want the truth, then it was true that I had slept with Princess Merope, but it was not through my own free will. I don't mean to brag, but I feel like I was decent looking and during those times, I was the son of Poseidon. So, Merope asked me to marry her, but I declined politely. I thought she was fine, but I guess she was furious and during the party, drugged me and raped me. And so she tried to force me to marry her once again, to which I declined and tried to run away, but not before being blinded by her father. Of course no one knows that side of the story and the Gods twisted it to make me look like the bad guy." I lamented. I started to cough out blood as I felt my life slowly dwindling away. I had already knew about the IM above us from when the fight started as I heard shouting from it. I heard the sounds of those who betrayed me, but I could care less. I was growing numb. Kronos jumped up at me and asked worriedly, "Are you okay?" He must've been feeling a little guilty of what I've been through. I grinned to myself as I looked for him. I held out my hand as I felt him take it. "See, you can still care old man, don't forget that. Try burying the hatchet with the Gods so there aren't anymore kids like me." I advised lamely. I felt the scythe be pulled out of my chest, letting me fall to the floor. Instantly, I felt my head placed in a lap, the smell reminding me of morning dew. ""I like lap pillows." I commented. Gaia and Kronos were now holding my hands as I felt my passing quicken. "How're you feeling?" she asked, and I swear I could hear some kind of emotion in her voice. So, I decided to humor her. "It's dark. I can't see. I'm numb yet in pain at the same time." I chuckled, shivering lightly. "I feel cold." I mumbled. I felt drops of water on my face, but it shouldn't rain in here. "It looks like it's going to rain." she muttered quietly. "I didn't know it rains here..." I muttered. "No, it's raining." she repeated. "Yeah, you're right." I acquiesced. I felt myself dissolving, breaking down from the inside-out. "I don't want to die." I cried. I heard whispers of how I'll make it to Elysium and what not. I only cried even more knowing it wasn't true. "I'm scared. I don't know what happens to a mortal without a soul." I whispered, yet it seemed so loud to me. I still remember the feeling of the scythe cutting apart my soul every time it cut into me and when I felt that hollowness appear after I was impaled. As soon as that happened, I knew that I no longer had a soul. I wouldn't make to either the underworld since I have no soul nor the void since I wouldn't fade due to not being immortal. I'll just disappear. "Don't worry, you'll be fine." Gaia comforted. Her words reminded me so much of my mother that I put on my fake smile by reflex. "I don't want to disappear." I cried silently with my smile as I felt my consciousness vanish into nothingness.