and he wants her to know it . "I'm worried about you!" she yells. "I know you feel guilty about what happened with Kristen and all them, but godsdamnit, Jason, it's been a year and a half and you can't keep doing this!" "Doing what?" he yells back, and a few demigods – the ones who are supposed to be following his orders – turn to look. "I'm fine , Reyna." She keeps her voice level, but he sees tears pricking at the corners of her eyes. "I think you have a problem." "I don't have a problem," he says sharply. Then, to prove his point, he charges at Krios. The part of his brain that isn't flooded with alcohol registers that this is an incredibly stupid idea. But Reyna's words make him so angry – I don't have a problem, I don't have a problem, I don't have a fucking problem – that he makes an almost animalistic growl as he plunges Ivlivs into Krios's exterior. A shock wave knocks him back, but by then the entire twelfth legion fulminata has charged and the walls of Mount Othrys begin to crumble from the force of the attack. Reyna composes herself and begins barking orders, but there's her voice is strained in a way Jason can't help but notice. She's supposed to be his best friend, he reasons. She shouldn't be accusing him of—of having a problem . Because he's fine. He's fine . And besides, she's the one having issues. She's probably just pissed because he didn't kiss her back that one time. And so what if he's been drinking? He's clearly still in control – still capable of slaying monsters and holding his own in a fight against a Titan . He does not have a problem . He uses his rage to fuel his onslaught against Krios, lunging at the Titan with a fervor like he's never felt before. They give him an award for his courage on the battlefield. He wants to throw up. He takes another shot instead and pretends that the reason he can't get out of bed until four in the afternoon is that he's exhausted. "Seventeen dead," Reyna says, slapping a list of names onto his desk. "And I found this under your bed." It's a half-empty bottle of whiskey. "You went through my stuff?" he asks, outraged. "This isn't okay, Jason. You're fifteen ." Something inside him snaps. "Yeah," he says bitterly. "I'm fifteen. And I'm a son of Jupiter. And everyone expects me to be fucking perfect because none of you want to believe I'm just as screwed up as everyone else is." "Jason—" "I don't have a problem , Reyna, I have the life I was given." " Alcohol isn't the way to cope." "Oh," he says. " You want to talk coping mechanisms? Those seventeen kids? My fault . And the three from the quest before that. And however many kids die for the next quest. I'm praetor of this whole fucking camp, and I'm the reason children are dying. So yeah, sometimes I just want a fucking break for once." "But you don't have to turn to alcohol," Reyna pleads. "So I should just deal with everything the way you do?" "I'm not killing my liver." "Reyna, when's the last time you ate a meal without forcing yourself to throw it up after?" She stops and stares up at him. A breathless " What? " escapes her mouth in a whisper. "Stop talking to me like I'm the only one with issues in this equation," he snaps, standing up from the table. He wants to lash out at her, to vent fifteen years of anger and hurt and frustration at the only other person who gets it , but before he can get more words out, he finds himself choking back tears. "You're my best friend," he says finally, and he wants to say so much more, but he can't get the words out. I'm worried about you. There's an almost palpable shift in the air and Reyna just reaches forward and grabs him by arms. He lets her try to hold him, but her skeletal figure isn't enough, so he holds out his own arms to hug her. It's the first time he can remember crying in front of another person. Dad , he thinks later that night as he lies in bed, Or capital-G God, or whoever I'm supposed to ask for things. He just wants a clean slate, a chance to start over, to fix his problems and do something good for once. He doesn't pray often – or ever, really – and he wonders if maybe Jupiter is up there listening somewhere. Usually by this point he's had about six shots and is blissfully drunk. He's only had two tonight. It's progress. Yes , he thinks, as he slips off to sleep. If he could start over… Am I crazy to think that I could be in love When it all ends up, it all ends up wasted I'd give you my heart but I'd just fuck it up And we'd end up, we'd end up wasted Trying to numb the pain away I know how to leave but not how to stay I wonder if I will ever find someone to fill me up inside Someone to kiss my fears away And if I believed in God I'd pray, to God I'd pray A/N: So I meant to get work done to update one of the multi-chaps I'm working on but then this happened. I have a plan for a continuation, but I'm going to mark this as complete for now because obviously I can't be trusted to update regularly ever. Lyrics belong to MKTO, characters belong to Rick Riordan. If you or someone you know struggles with substance abuse or an eating disorder or depression or PTSD or anything else, please seek help through the appropriate resources. You are important. Review?