on her, wrapping her in my arms and yelling at the top of my lungs. "We're having a baby!" Annabeth wiggles in my arms but that only makes me happier as I wrap myself protectively around her and start pecking her face cheeks chest and stomach. I rub her belly reverently. "How long?" I ask, my eyes not leaving her belly. "Ten weeks. The doctor said we need to wait for at least twelve to know the sex, but I know it's a girl," she says, placing her hands over mine. "Yeah it is a girl." I state confidently. The crowd gathers, congratulating us and we end up celebrating all over again. Our kids come over excitedly, buzzing with the news of another sibling. We stay together for a few minutes discussing baby related themes until finally the kids get bored and the adults get tipsy. We put on a party mix and dance around for a bit, enjoying the night. Calypso nurses baby Daniel in the corner, Leo watching closely, and I can't help but smile because in a few months, that would be Annabeth again. Piper sits after a few songs rubbing her large belly, Jason handing her a glass of water. Frank and Hazel are slow dancing together while my parents sit comfortably in each other's arms by our lopsided Christmas tree. I notice Alexander pull Reyna up to dance and they laugh gleefully with each other. I smile as I spin Annabeth a few more times until I pull her tight against me. "I like the name Phoebe." She thinks about it for a minute, "Phoebe Jackson. Yeah I like that, a lot." "You hear that Phoebe, your mommy and daddy can't wait to meet you," I say, rubbing Annabeth's stomach once again. Now that I know she carries another meanie version of ourselves inside her that is all I will be able to do for her in the next eight months. After a few more songs we take a seat on the love couch. I notice the boys have passed out from playing with their toys, so I pick them up and take them to their room. "Well, we are going off to bed now. Good night," my dad calls lifting my mom up as they wave goodnight to us. "Yeah, I think I'm going to, I need some rest," Piper calls out rubbing her belly, "Jason, honey you want to help me up?" "Oh yes, of course!" he quickly stands up and tucks her into his arm. After each parent has tucked away their kids, Leo and Calypso, as well as Frank and Hazel, go off to bed as well. "Perla is sleeping now, took her a while, but she's good," Annabeth exclaims coming out of her room and heading for the kitchen to put the food away. "Is Coco with her?" I ask, giving her a hand. "Yeah, she definitely got a lot of treats this year. Thalia, Bianca and Reyna are their too, they are all so beat." "I bet. And the others?" "Baby Daniel is with the twins, and Grover and Nico are with Alex." "Ok, good." I help her for a bit but then I just seemed to get sidetracked by her beautiful curves wrapped up in that red form fitting lace dress. I spend the whole night not looking at her carefully, afraid that if I did, I would lock her up in our room. And with good reason, because that is what I plan to do right at this moment. When Annabeth turns to look at me, her eyes widen at what she probably sees reflected on mine. "Oh no," she cautions, moving back. I follow her pace, smirking at her, "Oh yes, baby, we have to celebrate," and with that I scoop her up bridal style and take her to our room as she giggles the whole way. After thoroughly worshipping my wife, I lay my mead on her bare belly, satisfied and content. "I just can't believe it," I whisper mesmerized. "Yeah, me neither. But considering how, ah… active we are, it shouldn't be a surprise," Annabeth says, eyebrow raised. "Hey, it isn't my fault I have an irresistible wife who always makes my pulse race and my eyes fog." "Gods, you are so cheesy," she chuckles, running her hands through my hair. I love it when she does this. "But I love you, Percy. I too thank the gods for having you in my life." I arrange myself so that we are laying face to face, wrapping my arm protectively around her. "You have given me a beautiful family that I love dearly, and the best life I could have asked for by your side. How could I not be happy?" I kiss her deeply, our tongues dancing together, tasting the sweet nectar of her lips. Gods, I love her. "I love you Mrs. Jackson," I whisper into her lips after we pull apart. "I love you too, Mr. Jackson," she whispers into my neck. We doze off then, dreaming of the simple wonders of life and the true meaning of Christmas. Family, friends, and love. When you have this, there is nothing else you really need. Nothing is worth more than cherishing the moments spend with those you love and who love you in return. So, who saw that coming? Another kid, gosh these two. lol. Anyways, I hope you guys liked it. Please let me know what you think, I love reviews. Even if you don't like it, I would like to know your opinion. And for those of you reading G,G,L... I will be updating in January after the holidays. Please, hold tight. Finally, everyone, I hope you spend this time of year with people you love and cherish the moments you spend with them. It's not always about the gifts (even though sometimes it is) just remember to tell them you love them. Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas! XOXO : )