Suddenly Annabeth materialized on the drakon's back. Her invisibility cap rolled off her head as she drove her bronze knife between a chink in the serpent's scales. The drakon roared. It coiled around, knocking Annabeth off its back. Percy reached her just as she hit the ground, and dragged her out of the way as the serpent rolled, crushing a lamppost right where she'd been. "Thanks," she said. "I told you to be careful!" Percy scolded her. "Yeah, well, DUCK!" She tackled him as the monster's teeth snapped above Percy's head. Mrs. O'Leary body-slammed the drakon's face to get its attention, and they rolled out of the way. I came across a wounded hunter limping towards the empire state building, and she threw me her silver sword. Not quite the same as mine, but it'd do. Meanwhile our allies had retreated to the doors of the Empire State Building. The entire enemy army was surrounding them. We were out of options. No more help was coming. Annabeth, Percy and I would have to retreat before we were cut off from Mount Olympus. Then I heard a rumbling in the south. It wasn't a sound you hear much in New York, but I recognized it after a moment: chariot wheels. A girl's voice yelled, "ARES!" And a dozen war chariots charged into battle. Each flew a red banner with the symbol of the wild boar's head. Each was pulled by a team of skeletal horses with manes of fire. A total of thirty fresh warriors, armor gleaming and eyes full of hate, lowered their lances as one—making a bristling wall of death. "The children of Ares!" Annabeth said in amazement. "How did Rachel know?" I didn't have an answer. But leading the charge was a girl in familiar red armor, her face covered by a boar's-head helm. She held aloft a spear that crackled with electricity. My older sister, Clarisse, had come to the rescue. While half her chariots charged the monster army, Clarisse led the other six straight for the drakon. The serpent reared back and managed to throw off Mrs. O'Leary. My poor pet hit the side of the building with a yelp. I ran to help her, but the serpent had already zeroed in on the new threat. Even with only one eye, its glare was enough to paralyze two chariot drivers. They veered into a line of cars. The other four chariots kept charging. The monster bared its fangs to strike and got a mouthful of Celestial bronze javelins. "EEESSSSS!" it screamed, which is probably drakon for OWWWW! "Ares, to me!" Clarisse screamed. Her voice sounded shriller than usual, but maybe that wasn't surprising given what she was fighting. Across the street, the arrival of six chariots gave the Party Ponies new hope. They rallied at the doors of the Empire State Building, and the enemy army was momentarily thrown into confusion. Meanwhile, Clarisse's chariots circled the drakon. Lances broke against the monster's skin. Skeletal horses breathed fire and whinnied. Two more chariots overturned, but the warriors simply leaped to their feet, drew their swords, and went to work. They hacked at chinks in the creature's scales. They dodged poison spray like they'd been training for this all their lives, which of course they had. No one could say the Ares campers weren't brave. Clarisse was right there in front, stabbing her spear at the drakon's face, trying to put out its other eye. But as I watched, things started to go wrong. The drakon snapped up one Ares camper in a gulp. It knocked aside another and sprayed poison on a third, who retreated in a panic, his armor melting. "We have to help," Annabeth said. She was right. I'd just been standing there frozen in amazement. I charged to help my cabin mates, as they worked to kill this monster. I stood next to Clarisse, he with that electric spear of hers me with a borrowed sword. We fight well together, probably because she started training me when I was six. All I saw for several minutes was flashes of teeth and scales, with momentary flashes of poison flying past. One of us would get the draken's attention, then dodge the attack, then the other would attack. As well as we were doing however, it was hurting the draken, only making us, especially me, more tired. I came up with a desperate plan in an instant. I hacked at the drakon's face to get its attention, the dodged towards the building. As the monster snapped at me, it hit its own face on the side of the building, momentarily stunning itself. I jumped up onto the beast's back, clawing my way up using the building, then dove forwards, putting my new sword into its other eye. For a moment, everything seemed to stop, I lay across the top of the drake, horribly exposed, with a slight hand hold on the sword buried in its eye. Then time un-froze, and the draken thrashed wildly underneath me. I was thrown, violently against the building and then I was falling, towards the still convulsing monster. I hit the ground and once again, for a moment, all was still. Then the burning started. I'd landed directly beside the dying monster's mouth, and its poison was still deadly. Everything was fuzzy. I was pulled backwards, my armour pulled off me and there were faces hovering above me. I saw Percy and Annabeth, as well as Clarrise and a few other campers crowded around. Then Chiron pushed through, and I think I saw him shake his head. It was kind of hard to tell whgat was going on, as my vision was fading to black, becoming first grey, then darkening more. The last things I remember was My older sister's tear streaked face, and her voice asking, "why Marc, why?" then moments later, a sudden outburst; "YOU WANT DEATH, COME ON," and a slight red glow flashing across my near-pitch-black vision.