half mortal and half..." her voice trailed off and Annabeth stared up at Percy through unshed tears. Percy edged her on, his voice calm. It was a suspicion he created after finally seeming to understand why there was a broken clock hanging across the empty, darkly lit room. "And half what?" "I'm a demititan." The building stopped shaking. The clock on the wall stopped screaming. It fell completely silent, and when Annabeth stared up at Percy, her grey eyes were hard once more. She stood up calmly, picked up the knife, sheathed it back, and left the room. . . . She hadn't cut him, hit him, or stabbed him in over two days. And he knew the date because she started to tell him. He figured this was progress. He then thought it was an epiphany when she untied his hands. His heart then proceeded to drop to his stomach when she told Percy that she was letting him go. He slumped in her arms when she pulled him from the chair. His legs didn't appear to be working. His fingernails were bloody, his face scarred, and his green eyes dark. Slash marks were everywhere, bruises littered his body as if they were meant to be there, and it was like he was more dead than alive. Annabeth had succeeded. "You're letting me go?" he asked in a mumble, inhaling her lemon-like smell. His face roughly buried itself into her leather jacket, feeling the zipper scald against his cheek, but he didn't even register the discomfort. Slowly, Annabeth's hands came up and hugged him back. She was crying. He was sure of that. "What will your father do to you?" He skirted away from the name he was supposed to use. Names had power, after all. She ushered him out the door, rambling off directions that he wasn't sure he could even remember. "Just follow the path out of the woods. You'll come to a main road. Walk straight up it. Your friends should still be there." "What will he do to you?" he repeated. Annabeth shielded her eyes from his. "I just tortured you. Don't place care in me. I'm a demititan." "And? Your point? Come back to camp with me. We'll lie." He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, looking at her pleadingly and tugging on her dark sleeve. "We can say you're a daughter of Athena." "No, Percy." " Please ." "No. Just..." she smiled a watery smile. "Just forget about me." "I won't forget." She shook her head in disbelief. "You are naive to time, Percy. When enough time passes, you won't be able to remember your name, let alone me. Forget. It's easier." "Annabeth?" She looked at him. "How long have I been here for?" Annabeth had paused, staring at him with a look she had never given him before. "You've been here for a few seconds." He was confused. Annabeth laughed bitterly. "This is a mythical place, Percy. Time passes different here. The broken clock- it makes time stop here. You haven't aged a single day from the moment you stepped foot into these woods and neither have I. The moment you step out of these woods, you will no longer be immortal." "Can I ask you something?" Percy murmured, still trying to process this new information. "Depends on what it is." "Who is your father?" Annabeth's jaw tightened and she led him from the small house and down onto the path. "I'll help you get out of the woods. After that, you are not longer my responsibility." Percy's lips quirked into a half-hearted grin. "How kind of you." When she led him past a giant oak tree, his arm slung tightly around her, he noticed the air shifting. It grew warmer and hotter. Thicker, almost. His movements became sluggish, as if he were walking through honey. Annabeth seemed to have no trouble, a golden aura appearing around her form. Then the air grew chilly and cold. The trees around him began to move. His footing grew easier. And then time began again. "This is where I leave you," Annabeth muttered, releasing the battered boy from her grip. "Good luck, Percy Jackson." He places a hand on her cheek. She's cold. Icy cold, just like her heart was and might still be. Percy kissed her, and instead of her lips being ice, they were warm. Just like time passing felt like. As their lips press together, Annabeth places a small square in his hand. When he pulled away, her grey eyes flashed momentarily gold. And then she was gone. Dejectedly, he walked down the road, Riptide forming in his pocket. As heavy as his heart was, he knew Annabeth was right. She would never be able to come with him. He loved her. It was stupid to love her. He should hate her. He should march back in there and kill her for hurting him. For slicing him open and spilling water over him, only to repeat the process over and over again. Time may have not passed, but the pain did. He unwrapped the Ambrosia and bit into the square. He froze. It didn't taste like his mom's chocolate chip cookies like it usually did. It tasted like the smell of Annabeth. It tasted of lemons and honey. It tasted of bitterness. And it was somehow appealing, in a way. A/N: Wow. This was depressing, wasn't it? This was a 'lil different, I think, from the usual PJO stories that people read. In case I didn't make it clear enough, (I often do that) Annabeth was Kronos' daughter. I'd always been curious about the demititans ever since Zoe in TTC. As for the AUness of this one-shot, I really have no idea. They're still demigods, their parents are the same, and Percy, Thalia, and Nico are still cousins. There's not really any book that this one-shot takes place in, so I'll leave it up to you to decide. R&R? :)