said as I threw a card into the center. Grover nudged my shoulder. "Don't play dumb, Perce. We've known you too long to fall for it." "Who says he's playing?" Nico asked as he swiped a couple cards from the center. I reached out and punched him in the arm, resulting in him flicking my forehead. I fished a card out of the center, pleased with my choice. "Full house," I announced, laying out my cards. Grover scratched his head in confusion. "I thought we were playing Go Fish?" Nico threw his cards down in frustration. "I've been playing Pinochle!" "Either way, I won my game before either of you won yours." I said smugly, glad to be free of the touchy subject of her. Oh wait… maybe not. Grover's looking at me weird again… "Don't think you're getting off that easy, Perce. Come on just admit it. You think she's cute." My ears burned red. Honestly? Yes, I thought she was cute. Even with dirt and blood streaking her face, her blonde hair sticking up in all directions, she was cute. Especially the eyes. They were grey, like storm clouds, or owl feathers, or… "Percy!" Nico snapped my attention back. "I don't not haven't not thought she wasn't not cute." I muttered. I think that makes sense… Nico's eyes started to glaze over, "And what are you interrogating me for? Nico's the one that was flirting with Jason's sister!" "I did not!" He protested, "All I did was tell her that her Green Day T-shirt was wicked. That is so not flirting!" The red that had risen to the pale boy's cheeks said otherwise. "Jason's so going to kill you for hitting on his long-lost sister." I said as I gathered the cards and shuffled them again, "What now? Gin, Hearts, Pepper…" "Hearts seems appropriate, huh Percy?" Grover winked at me, "I'll deal." He took the deck from me and started flinging the cards at us. "Drop it Grover," I growled. He tsked his tongue and shook his head. "Oh no, dear friend, oh no. I've found the love of my life, it's time we found you one too, now who has the deuce?" Nico threw the club out into the center. "She's just another warrior now." I stated simply and laid down a five. "As is Thalia." Nico said, and threw in a three. "Whatever, guys." Grover opened his unusually large mouth to say another thing, but was interrupted by harsh knocking on the door of my suite. Our battle instincts kicked in, and we were in our offensive stances with weapons out before we heard Hazel's voice through the door. "Dinner time! If you three don't get your butts in here in two minutes, we'll give your share to the zombies!" And we couldn't have that, now could we? The three of us had a race down the hallway to Grover and Juniper's place (I won, naturally). As usual, we let Grover go in first to greet his wife and daughter. "Daddy!" Daisy squealed with delight. She was a cute kid, and she may as well be Juniper's younger sister they look so alike. Daisy ran straight into the arms of her father, who hugged her tight to his chest and kissed the top of her head lovingly. Juniper smiled at the pair, and planted a kiss on Grover's cheek. It was so nice to see the three of them together. I'd known Grover since we were kids, and I'd never seen him happier than when he was with his family. "Come on guys, food's fresh!" Hazel called from the kitchen. At the mention of food, Nico sprinted to the counter to take his share. I took a step forward, but stopped in my tracks. The next person stepped up to counter to retrieve their share. She had golden blonde hair that hung in curls down to the bottom of her shoulder blades. Without the dirt covering her face, you could see long dark eyelashes that brushed her rosy cheeks when she blinked, and accentuated her plump, pink lips. Piper had apparently lent her an old pair of frayed black denim cutoffs that ended about mid thigh. She was wearing a different, bright white tank top that contrasted nicely with her golden skin, golden from running in the sun every day. The same black combat boots were still on her feet, and the same old dagger hung suspended from one of her belt loops by a leather chord. A gorgeous gray eye looked up and caught me staring. It was only when she stood in front of me and placed a soft finger underneath my chin to shut my mouth did I even realize my jaw was hanging open. "You should really close your mouth," She said in a lilting voice that made a tingle run up my spine, "You'll attract flies." She said softly with a dead serious face before sitting on the chair next to Thalia in the living room. "Right," My voice hitched up an octave higher than usual. Thankfully, she didn't hear me. Unfortunately, Grover did. I cleared my throat loudly, "Er, right." I said in a normal voice, "Annabeth, Thalia, you guys are going to be in Troop 1 with me, Nico, and Beckendorf." Jason clapped his sister on the shoulder. "Troop 1, way to go, baby sister!" He congratulated her. Thalia turned to Annabeth with a big grin on her face. For the first time, I saw Annabeth smile a real smile. Not a sarcastic one, not a fake one, a real happy smile. One word: wow. Grover bumped my shoulder as he walked past me to the living room. "Oh yeah, you definitely don't like her. You just proved it, by gawking at her and putting her in your Troop." He winked, and took his rightful place next to Juniper with Daisy on his lap. Grover was wrong. I didn't think she was cute. I thought she was absolutely breathtaking.