he quickly died of blood loss after archer removed the blade. The ogre was too busy with the drake it was fighting to notice archer coming up from behind when he did it was too late as archer sunk his dagger into his throat letting him bleed out. Archer then thought quickly and unstrung his bow and shot the drake right as it was closing its mouth down on him. The drake died quickly but not before it sank its fangs into archers shoulder and arm. Archer let out a vicious scream as he tore the fangs out of his shoulder and cradling his injured appendage. Slowly getting up archer collected the drake corpses and stored them away using his shadow powers from erebus, then going to the ogre corpse he collected some blood from it, then walking to the lycanthrope he collected several fangs. With that done he collected anything that was of worth and left, archer was incredibly upset, he wouldn't be hunting for a long time with his arm how it was. Silently he cursed himself for losing his emotions like that, but he swore when he was healed he would make up for all the hunting he missed. 3 Years Later Archer was now sitting in his waiting for his latin teacher to come in, sitting next to him was one of his acquaintances Percy Jackson and next to him was Grover Underwood, a satyr if his nose was correct. Just as he came out of those thoughts Mr. Brunner came in, smiling brightly at everyone. "Hey Mr. C" said archer Mr. Brunner just smiled knowingly. "Hello archer, and how are you this evening, any interesting hunting story" said Brunner smiling brightly. "Let's just go to the museum" said archer Nodding Brunner guided everyone onto the bus. It wasn't long until they were at the museum. Museum "To quote Mrs. Barbafetts question, why is it important that we know this, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Woden" asked Mr. Brunner "I don't know sir" said percy. "That way I would know there weakness if I ever happened upon them if I was hunting" said archer with a vengeful look in his eyes. Brunner just frowned sadly at archer's answer. "Well half credit to the both of you, now let us go to lunch" said Brunner It was outside while archer was sitting on the fountain that bobafett came up and dumped her lunch on grover. Lashing out with a shadow and having a crow attack her just as a water tentacle came out and pulled her into the fountain, archer was surprised to see the cause was percy. It was unfortunate that they were sent to Mrs. Dodds and were taken into the museum where a statue depicting hades to be punished. "You have been causing us a lot of trouble honey" said Dodds "What do you mean" asked percy "You can't claim ignorance, we know you have it, give it to us" said dodds turning into a bat like creature that archer recognized as a fury. Bringing forth his daggers, archer prepared for a fight. As dodds swooped down archer slashed one of her wings which sent her off balance and into the wall, soon Brunner came in and tossed a pen to percy that turned into a bronze sword. "Good now Percy when she swoops in swing at her" archer said as he charged forward slashing her other wing giving her balance back, but quickly kicked her in percy's direction. Percy tensed up and swung his blade decapitating the fury and showering him in gold dust. "What was that" asked percy Archer just ignored him and walked out not even glancing back, just smirking to himself as he held onto the claw in his pocket that he took from the fury as he kicked her. That Night at The Beach Archer had arrived at percy's cabin using the stories that percy had went on about from when he was little. Idiot giving away information so casually. Then grover made the scene with his satyr half showing and archer just smirked to himself, his nose never lied. He watched as grover lead percy and his mother to the Camaro he shadow travelled into the backseat. "AAHH" yelled everyone. "Shut up and drive" Archer said simply "Archer what are you doing here" asked grover "Im here to hunt" Archer said with a smile "You don't know what your doing" said grover "Shut it satyr, Im a demigod with the blood of three primordial deities and one goddess who sees me as a mistake, I know exactly what Im doing, Im here for the minotaur" said with a smile of true happiness on his face. That's when grover realized his attire. "Is that drake skin" asked grover "It is" said archer guardedly "Archer what do you mean you're a demigod" asked percy "Don't worry about it, you wont understand right now" said archer as he pulled out his bow "He is here" archer said with a smile Suddenly the car was sent shooting through the air, archer was shot against the ceiling gaining a concussion. Percy and his mom picked up grover and archer. "Thank you Mrs. Jackson" said archer dazedly They started going up towards a pine tree up on the hill. When suddenly Percy's mom was taken off her feet by the minotaur. She was picked up by her throat when she suddenly burst into gold dust. Archer watched as percy went into a rage and attacked the minotaur. Archer got up with blurry vision, standing up all the way he drew his bow and took aim. Letting the arrow fly it went through the minotaur's chest causing the creature to shout in pain. Notching four more arrows archer let them all fly simultaneously piercing one of his vitals causing the creature to burst into dust. Slinking over to where the minotaur was at an extremely slow pace he picked up one of the horns and passed out.