gods but just Psychic's. However one Titan was taught, Rhea. Gaea, as what the woman whose Psionic powers lied strongest within the earth; Terrakinesis. Rhea then left notebooks, volumes of them, upon the subject of Psionic and Psychic abilities and their powers. Hera then read every single one of those books. Draining the knowledge and power of understanding. And when she did that, she became stronger. She wielded it through knowledge and understanding. It wasn't until when Rome rose to power, and Greece fell, that the fates came to her and "blessed" her, unlocking her Psychic abilities to their fullest potential and letting it become her domain. Now a large question that many people would ask is that if gods and Titans are these powerful Psychics; why can't they control each other's domain. The reason for that lies back with the Primordials. When they found what they were good at controlling, they stuck to it, improving it, making themselves more powerful in that area. But as they left those other area's alone, their children then got that trait. Only being able to control one sense of their domain, or however many domains they were given by what they began to call the Fates, children of Anankne. These children's Psychic power lay in the domain of telepathy. What they showed to be the life strings of people were just merely a mental and telepathic string which where they draw upon the possibilities for that person in their life and predict an ending. So far every line has been accurate. They also taught the Titans how to "flash" from one place to another, however this was the basic levels, not the finer levels of Self-Apportation. Hera gulped down half of the wine glass, her head was spinning now. Then they had the gods. Children Spawn of the Titans. None of them, like their parents, knew anything about the true reason behind their ability to control their domains. However one question that would always boggle Hera was the monster problem. When Primordials came to power, they made one mistake. When they began to control their Psychic powers, they still felt fear and because their Psychic powers were so immense, these fears began to take a physical form. These "monsters" were fear given form, they could hurt mortals and Psychic, or immortals or godly, beings. And whilst these things were monsters made through telepathy of the Primordials combined, what people perceived as reality would normally become reality. The mind was a powerful thing. Mortals in Ancient Greece had no mist to keep them apart from the gods, they saw these monsters as they were, a mental telepathically projection of fear. They saw that those blades seemed real, so to them it became real. Those teeth seem to be able to cut through skin, so they could cut through skin. Because everyone could see them, they also saw the "wounds" inflicted by these monsters. But mortal weapons could not hurt these monsters. No. A blade had to be charged Psionically for it to hurt these monsters. That was exactly what Celestial Bronze and Imperial Gold is, metal which had been around Psionic and Psychic powers for so long that those powers fused with these metals, creating and giving them the power to kill those "monsters". Demigods were pretty to understand, children of Immortal Psychic's who then passed that gene of control to those half mortal half Psychic god children. However they were not Psychics. That was the part that baffled her, she could not sense anything within those demigods. No spark of Psychic power. If they had, she could control ,wield them, to her own advantage. They could give her the respect she deserved. Hera drank the whole cup. Immediately she felt something wrong, and for some reason her ears caught the word, sex . Those males gods were talking about how they had gone, as mortals would call, banging woman up. She felt disgusted, yet at the same time she felt compelled. She shook her head, trying to clear away that feeling. It didn't leave. She struggled, she would not. She felt an urge flowing within her veins. She wanted it. "No!" she screamed, the males gods ignored her, too drunk to even care, before flashing out. However because of her state, she could not concentrate enough and her form slammed into a pub in New York. Her body slumped down against the ground. The next morning she awoke the park, five blocks away from the pub. She couldn't even remember what happen, her head was pounding, senses disorientated. All she had were images and brief memories. A mans face. Hands. Food. Clothing. More men. Walking. Laughing. Joking. Drinking more. Form flickering between Greek and Rome. Changing men groups, meeting with other girls. Then blank. She immediately screamed, her eyes widening, senses clearing. Those men had taken advantage of her. One of the male gods on Olympus must have drugged her drink. She had gotten so drunk after drinking that champagne that she had blacked out in New York. She screamed again. She had been raped. She could feel the baby already, growing at the godly speed. She raged at the world, her Psychic powers lashing out around her. Immediately she tried to focus the power inwards, to kill the baby. Only for the power to immediately rebut, slamming into her. The rebounded power drained her, it took her Psychic power, draining her of her energy, her memories, her experiences, she screamed again. It hurt. It felt like lava. Like magma being poured into her veins. Suddenly her stomach bursted open, she screamed once more before falling into the dark realm of unconsciousness. The last memory it had taken rising into her mind before her falling, Perseus. Well there you have it, first chapter of the new story. This may be a triology or not, (maybe more) depending on how I feel. Hope you guys liked it and enjoyed it. Till Later The Author.