convince the kids that nothing was wrong, but they were getting older, and pretty soon they wouldn't fall for the lies. Valerie sometimes thought about why they were hiding who they were from the kids. It made no sense to her to have to lie about it. She thought that the kids should know about it. All of it. But then Valerie would come to her senses; it was safer if they didn't know. Eirene looked around the room, expecting to see the two men standing there, but just saw Adrian sitting down on the sofa putting on his shoes. Eirene wondered how long he'd been awake. He was already dressed in a black hoodie sweater, dark blue jeans and his hair spiked up. Eirene had to be honest; she preferred Adrian in spiked up hair. It made him look better than with it loose. "I guess so..." Eirene muttered. She knew it wasn't a dream. Adrian saw the men, too, and her side still hurt from when Adrian had kicked her. Eirene might've been small, but she wasn't as gullible as she used to be. She did know that she wasn't going to get an answer from her aunt nor her mom. Eirene hated secrets. "Morning sweetheart. Have a good sleep?" Valerie said as she put the tray down on the coffee table in front of Adrian. "I guess." Adrian wasn't very sure how he felt. He didn't feel tired, but he didn't feel fully awake either. Adrian looked at Eirene, and that's when he knew the night before wasn't a dream. Eirene had that same pouty face she always had when someone wouldn't tell her what she wanted to know or if she didn't get what she wanted. Adrian and Eirene both locked eyes. There were moments where they could read each other's minds to know exactly what they were thinking and feeling. They both thought it was kinda weird, especially since Eirene and Adrian weren't twins. They were just cousins. Yet, they knew each other so well. More than their own moms. Of course, Eirene and Adrian kept this a secret. Yes, Eirene did hate secrets, but she didnt want to give away secret communications between her and her cousin. The less people that knew the better. Right now, Adrian wanted to know if his mom told her anything. Eirene just shook her head once. She wondered if her mom had told Adrian anything about last night. Adrian shook his head twice and looked at his breakfast. It seemed like Adrian didn't ask. But Eirene knew that her mom wouldn't tell him anything, anyways. Adrian and Eirene would need to talk about the "Family Secret" (that they weren't in on) later. Something was up with those two strangers; Eirene knew it. Adrian knew it. They weren't going to drop it that easy this time. "What's up with the dress Eirene?" Adrian questioned as if they hadn't just talked to each other through their minds. It was cold and she was wearing a dress. It confused him. "What? Are you jealous?" Eirene countered. She looked down at her dress. She felt like wearing a dress today. Was that so bad? She wasn't dumb; she had some really thick, white, warm leggings and her favorite creamy brown snow boots with beige fluff around the top. Her mom bought her the dress the day before. It had white, really warm long sleeves and tiny, sparkly snowflakes that dotted the entire white dress. "As if." Adrian rolled his eyes. He was a boy, and boys don't wear dresses. "I love your bow, though," Adrian told her sarcastically. It was a snow blue, medium size snowflake with sparkles covering the entire flake. It sparkled brightly in the sunlight that shined through the window. "What's up with the sparkles? Trying to get attention? Or do you think you're going to get lost today?" Eirene always wore something sparkly. Whether it was her hair accessories, shirts, dresses, skirts, shorts, shoes, and even in her hair. His Aunt Selena would buy Eirene this clear, glittery hair spray. Imagine walking through the park and suddenly you get this weird spark of light in your eyes (like when someone adjusts a mirror so the reflection of the sun hits your eyes). That's Eirene walking by you. "Adrian, your cousin likes-" "Loves," Eirene corrected her Aunt Valerie. She loved sparkles. "-Loves sparkles. No need to make fun of her. You don't see her making fun of your dark color clothes now do you?" Valerie teased. If she let them, Adrian and Eirene would argue all day. "Now come on, you two, eat your breakfast. We're going to have a long day today." A/N: Ok, so how was that for a first chapter? I had this chapter planned out when I was about to post this story a few weeks back, so I decided to keep it the same. I know it's not very descriptive of all the characters or what's happening (though I'm sure some of you guys could guess what's the "Family Secret"), but I assure you guys I'll explain along the way in each future chapter. Speaking of future chapters, it may take me a while to update. I write the chapters pretty quickly, though, and easily. However, it still may take me 1-3 weeks to update, and it may take a little longer if some stuff comes up in real life. However! I'll try my best to update this story as soon as possible! I highly recommend to follow this story if you liked it. Just so you'll get an alert as to when I update it. Also, I'd like to thank my beta: ScipioPB. She's really helped me out by beta-ing my chapter. I really appreciate it so much Skippy! You are a life/time-saver! So I hope you guys all somewhat liked it! Let me know by making a review or PMing me if you want! I hope you guys continue to enjoy/read/review! Thanks!