And, hate to break it to you, but you don't think ! That's going to get you killed." Luke whipped around pointed his finger at me. "Right, because you think so much," he growled. "That must be why you aren't held to such a high standard. Because you aren't stupid. Because you actually have more going for you than you're fighting ability." Again I stumbled. "Luke, I'm not held to a higher standard. Where would you get an idea like that?" "Oh, I don't know? How about because I'm Annabeth Chase and Percy Jackson's kid !?" "Excuse me, but last time I checked, I am too!" I snapped. "And you still didn't answer my question." Luke laughed angrily. "Please refer my second-to-last-answer," he responded mockingly. "You really don't think hear Mom and Dad, you even sometimes, talking about all the trouble I have in school." Luke's expression softened. "Bianca, I thought you of all people were on my side." I reached out to Luke again. "I am! I swear. I'm just worried. I don't want you to fail. You have so much trouble because of your dyslexia and –" the moment I said the words I regretted them. "Luke, that's not what I meant." "No, I get it." Luke whipped around. "I completely understand. That's why I have to do this. So maybe, just for a little while, Mom and Dad would lay off me ." And with that, Luke ran off. I chased after him, but stopped just before crossing the barrier. I was unarmed, and couldn't help Luke even if I wanted to without a weapon. I watched as Luke fought harder than I'd ever seen him fight in his life. For a moment, I thought he had the upper hand, as Luke made smart, strong blows at the monster. I smiled. Luke really seemed happy. Or at least as happy as someone could be fighting for their life. And then it started. Luke stabbed at the monster, and I thought he'd beaten it. I really did. Behind Luke, I could see the sand-like substance that was oozing from the wound my brother had made. The monster howled in rage. I ran out to meet Luke. He turned around and met my eyes. He was beaming, and looked significantly more relaxed and happy. I wish he could have stayed that way. We both thought that the monster was gone. Luke had stabbed it, so we thought that he'd killed it. We were wrong. Luke had barely left the small clearing in the trees along the edge when the monster reached out. I froze, fear masking my face. Luke stopped running, confused at my face. I screamed. Everything slowed down. Luke was pulled backwards. His sword flew out of his hand and landed a few feet away. I wanted to run to Luke and bring him back across the border into New Rome and to safety, but I never got the chance. The beast roared, and pulled its arm back. Within seconds, Luke's limp body was lying next to me. I cried out, tears beginning to spill onto my cheeks. I reached out and threw Luke's sword as hard as I could at the monster, which dissolved instantly. I collapsed next to him, sobbing. I lifted his head onto my lap, stroking his blood-matted hair. "Did I kill it?" Luke whispered. I laughed, and nodded. I knew I was lying, but Luke deserved to think he did what our father had done so long ago. "Good, now I can –" Luke started coughing. I tried to lift his head to steady him. When I finally did, I saw a small drop of blood trickling from the corner of his mouth. I gasped. I swallowed back tears as I wiped it away. Luke reached out for my hand. "Hey… hey, Bianca, don't worry. Don't cry. I'll be okay." I nodded in agreement as my tears began to fall again. "Yes, you will. You're coming home and, and you… Oh, gods. Luke, you have to hold on. Please ." Luke shook his head, and cupped my face in his hand. "Whatever happens, you have to stay strong. You have to help Mom and Dad, and hold everything together. And for gods' sake, you have to stop crying so hard. You're shaking." I hadn't realized, but I was shaking. Hard. "Sorry," I said. "I'm just worried about you." Luke laughed, or made a sound that seemed like a strained laugh. "Isn't it," Luke began," a little backwards for a younger sister to be worried about her older brother?" A shocked, slightly confused look plastered itself across my face. Younger sister? , I thought. I asked Luke, and he laughed again, sharp coughs interrupting here and there. I winced at each one. "I was born first, remember?" I rolled my eyes, but nodded. I readjusted Luke on my lap. "Are you okay if I go get help? You need serious medical attention and –" Luke put his finger to my lips, silencing me. "You have to stop worrying about me." His voice sounded weak and strained, like talking took a greater effort than before. Suddenly, it dawned on me. The one thought that I had been trying to push away this whole time. Luke continued speaking, though I wish I wouldn't. "Bianca, you are the greatest twin sister I could have asked for. Stay strong for me, okay?" I nodded, crying harder that before. Luke's body went limp in my arms. "No… Luke? Luke, wake up!" I screamed. But I knew it was no use. I knew it was over. My twin brother, my best friend since the beginning, was gone. All because he wanted to be a hero. As much as I wished it wasn't, it was true. Luke died saving us all from a Minotaur. Alright, that's chapter 1! I hope you all enjoyed! I have high hopes for this story! Please, comment, follow, share, and come back! Yours truly, daughterofpercabeth417