on her leg. Tap, another tap, this time two short ones. Leo was sending her a message! She observed his moves before she gasped and looked at Leo with surprise. He on the other hand was only smiling. " Leo…" she said softly as she was loss for words. He smiled at her sadly. "Hey, it's okay. I understand if you don't feel the same way. I mean I am just…" he told her before she cut him off with a kiss. As their lips touched she passionately explored every corner of his soft and tasty lips before releasing him. " I love you too, you idiot and poor excuse for a repair boy." She said softly her heart beating ten times quicker now. She was spreading with joy. Finally, there was someone who actually cared about her, who loved her back, just the way she was and not only how she looked. Tears of happiness welled in her eyes. Leo grinned at this. "Well, you could call me bad boy supreme." He teased her as she punched him on his arm slightly laughing. Calypso's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a piano. Calypso had bought herself a piano a while ago because she loved playing this new kind of instrument. It sounded just beautifully. But never did she heard Leo playing it and by the sound of it he only could play the simplest tunes. What was he doing? As she approached the living room where the piano was staying, she suddenly recognized something. Short, short, long, short, long, long, long, short. This…What was he trying to tell her? She tried to figure it out as she stepped closer. With every word that she deciphered she felt her heart beating faster. No…could he really? When she suddenly decoded the last word, she gasped. Suddenly a few tears welled in her eyes as she thought about that question. Was he…? "I guess, you deciphered my little message." She heard Leo's voice as he walked to her giving her a gently smile. Calypso was still staring at Leo in awe and with watery eyes. Butterflies erupted from her stomach and flew around inside her making her feeling giddy. Leo took a deep breath. "Callie, when I met you all those years ago, on Ogygia, I never would have thought we would be together now. You were really rude and irritating, reminding me of one of those mean girls from these typical high school movies that we have watched." He said as Calypso had to resist the urge to roll her eyes. Typical Leo, never the poet. "But over the time, I came to learn and love the person that you really are. You helped me through my darkest times. Despite all the mistakes I have done, despite all my flaws you stayed with me and loved me. You…" there he laughed nervously. "I don't know how to describe you. I can say you are beautiful, kind, smart, but that wouldn't even reach your level of awesomeness even though I am much more awesome." He said grinning at which Calypso had to laugh. "With that being said. I love you Calypso. I came to love a woman who despite facing so many heartbreaks stayed strong and gave me a chance to be with her. I love you, more than you can imagine." He said softly which made Calypso's heart melt. He wasn't often too romantic, which she loved about him because she didn't need a cheesy boyfriend but at times like these she couldn't help but feel all love the love for him. He then knelt down on one knee and held out a ring. Tears welled up in her eyes again as she put her hands over her mouth. "That's why I ask you. Will you marry me and make me the happiest demigod on earth?" he asked her. Calypso first didn't react. It was all so much for her. Then she slowly moved her head and nodded. "Yes." She said softly. "Yes, I will marry you, you idiotic son of Hephaestus." She said pulling him into a deep kiss. At this point she bursting with joy. She really couldn't believe it. She…she was going to marry Leo! She would be Calypso Valdez and his wife! Calypso Valdez, Calypso Valdez, it had a nice tune in it, she thought smiling as she kissed him with much passion and love. When they broke up Leo smiled at her softly and Calypso stared at those chocolate brown eyes that she had fallen in love with years ago. Oh, how she loved this man. "You know, I first wanted to propose to you the old Greek way by throwing an apple at you, but then I thought it was a waste of food." He said grinning. At this Calypso laughed and shoved him. "Stop ruining the moment, Valdez." Leo smiled at this. "You will be a Valdez soon too, you know." She told her. Calypso smiled. She never had a great life. Her father was terrible, her mother died too early and she was trapped on an island destined to be heartbroken. But now she finally found her happy ending. She gave him another kiss and tapped him on the chest. I know. Yaaaaasss, I finally finished it! It took me hours to do this and I really hope this hasn't become too cheesy XD Caleo is soooooo cute! EEEEEEEEKKKK! But it was sooooo worth it! So worth it! Anyway, I hope you guys liked the story, I tried my best with it. I hope I didn't made Calypso OOC :p And Nixie, here is your late Christmas gift! Yeah! Love it and give a review, will ya ;) To the others, please give a review so I know where I can improve :p I will see you soon then with the next story of my christmas present saga :p (Or update one of my stories that really need to be updated XD)