life. I saw you struggle, but every time you stood up again and fought for what was right. You helped Percy in the first war and brought some sense into your father's thick head in. You have played a huge role in reuniting the Greek and Roman demigods and you helped the Seven of the prophecy in so many ways. I watched how you were broken after Tartarus but rose again during the war. Many wouldn't have done that after everything what you endured, but you fought on. You even then come over your fear with your sexuality. You may think that I may be disgusted by it, but how can I ever be disgusted by my own son? Nico, I love you more than anything others in this world and I don't care whether you like boys or girls. I always knew that you had struggled with your sexuality and I wished that I could have helped you through it. I have seen you finally opening up after the war. You found so many amazing friends and a wonderful boyfriend and I couldn't be happier for you. Seeing you smiling, makes my heart burst into a ray of happiness. But also when you are sad, my heart breaks into a million small pieces. There are so many other things I want to tell you. I wish we could have had the time to discuss everything. Nico, you may have already heard it or not, but this may be the last time I can tell you all of this. I will reincarnate. I am not doing this because I hate you, I am doing this because I want to protect you. Protect you of the longing to join me in the afterlife. I want you to live a happy life with your friends and boyfriend. Please don't dwell on the past. Your old family may be gone, but that doesn't mean, you don't have a family. All of your friends, they love you, Nico, and you sister and I will be also always be there in your heart. There are no words for how sorry I am or how proud I am of you. You have grown into a wonderful young man and it makes me sad to think that I have missed out all of this. But remember that I always will love you no matter what. I wish we had more time. But destiny isn't our friend. I wish you all the best for your later life. I hope — No, I know, that we will see each other one day again and then we can talk about everything. Maybe you can even tell me about your kids or your wonderful husband (I hope it is Will). Please do not mourn over me, Nico. I chose this for myself and your sister too. We both love you. I know I have said it already, but I am so proud of you. I love you, Nico, please don't forget it and we will see each other again. If not in this life, then in another one. Until then, enjoy your life, because you have so many people who care about you. I love you, my figlio. Love, Mom. New tears were streaming down his cheeks. His mom was proud of him. She loved him. Nico was overwhelmed by everything she said. He felt disappointed that she had left him, but he knew that she will always love him and he couldn't express how happy he was now. "Are you okay?" Leo asked him softly. Nico looked up and smiled through his tears. "Yeah. Thank you, Leo, for everything" he said hugging him. Leo smiled. He was glad for his friend. "What are friends there for?" Nico simply hugged Leo. He was too overwhelmed right now. He still felt pain that his mom and sister had left him, but he at least was certain now that they would always love him and that was all that he really needed to know. The suddenly Leo's voice interrupted his thoughts. "Come on. Let me take you to the doctor. Your hand seems to be broken". Nico looked at his hands. They were bloody and he didn't felt anything anymore. He sighed. "You are right. I have to repair my photos too" he said pointing at the ripped up photos. Leo smiled. "I am sure the Hecate cabin can easily fix that. Now come on. I am sure Doctor Solace is already missing you" he said wriggling his eyebrows. Nico rolled his eyes at that, but smiled. He followed Leo to the door, then stopped. "Thanks, Leo. For everything" he repeated. Leo smiled again. "Like I said, what is family there for?" he said. Nico noticed how he used family instead of friends this time and he smiled widely at that. His mom was right. He may have lost his old family, but he'd found a new one. And he couldn't be happier about it. He followed Leo through the rain smiling. He was ready. He finally was ready to let go. Translations: *1-Perro bravo: fierce dog *2-Má: short for "mamá", mother *3-Idiotas: idiots. *4-Mijo: Rick already said it, my son *5-Te extraño: I miss you *6-Mamá: mother *7-Gracias: thank you *8-Non c'è di che cosa: Italian, you're welcome. * 9-mio figlio: Italian for 'my son'. I really hoped you liked this story. It took me weeks to finish it with my friend. But I must say it is really good and feelsy! I always wanted to do this story with Nico and Leo, but I didn't got any time, but now I finally finished it! Nico and Leo are basically my BroTP and I only read some few stories about them bonding over their moms so I wanted to write it with my friend Karen. Thank you for Karen Hikari for the work together! You my friend are an awesome author and friend! Please leave a review. Hope you enjoyed this story!