burying his face back in his pillow. "The sun isn't even up yet." "Exactly," Will says, excitement dripping from his voice. Nico has a feeling he's not going to like this idea. "Come on." It's around now that Nico starts to remember the last time he spoke to Will: last night, when he'd been reduced to a pathetic puddle of tears like a child . But Will isn't acting like anything out of the usual happened. He feels an inexplicable need to apologize – I'm sorry for yelling at you and probably scaring you half to death? – but it's too early to formulate sentences and the overwhelming desire to punch Will in the face is consuming most of his mental energy. "Nico," Will says. " Please. " It's more of a demand than a question, but something in Will's voice makes Nico sit up with a groan and swing his feet over to the floor. "You know for someone who's so convinced I need to rest, you're doing a pretty good job of—" "Come on," Will says, grabbing Nico's wrist and tugging him out of bed. "Don't touch me." Nico says it on instinct; out of habit more than anything else, but Will relinquishes his grip and Nico finds himself missing the contact. That's weird. He blames the fact that it's only like five in the morning. But Will is already out the door and halfway down the hall. "Well?" he asks. "You coming?" "I haven't even brushed my teeth yet." Will rolls his eyes. "Fine. Hurry up ." Eventually he follows Will to a closet in the back corner of the infirmary (there's probably a pun in there somewhere, walking into a closet with a not-straight guy who's maybe kind of a little bit attractive, but it's too early for humor) and watches as Will opens a trapdoor in the ceiling and pulls down a latter. The edge of his shirt rides up a few inches as he stretches to reach the latch – godsdamn tall people – and Nico sees an expanse of what look like flat abs, which is probably one of the most unfair things about Will Solace, right up there with his height. Nico assumes they'll end up in an attic. He doesn't expect to find himself on the roof, with the predawn chill seeping into his bones. "I wanted to talk," Will says. "On the roof." "Yeah. So you can—" he stops, and Nico thinks Will might actually be blushing. "You know. Sunrise. It's…" "Poetic?" Nico fills in, then wishes he hadn't said anything. He's not sure how to categorize this interaction – friendly? More? – and it leaves him feeling uncertain. Will meets his gaze, blue on brown, and smiles a little. "For lack of a better word." "I'm serious, Solace," Nico says, "If I don't get caffeine in the next three minutes I'm going to—" "I think you should see a therapist." Nico stops. Replays the words. Processes. "You— what? " "A therapist," Will says. "I know you've been here three days and can technically leave whenever you want, but… You might be okay physically, but mentally—" "Will, this entire camp is screwed up," Nico says. "I'm not—I don't need to see a shrink." "You need to see someone! For fuck's sake, Nico, how long have you kept all that stuff you told me last night bottled up inside?" "And you expect me to tell all that to a therapist. ' My relationship with my dad? Well, he's the immortal god of the Underworld, so we don't really have much time for father-son bonding—' " "I see one," Will says softly. "On Long Island, like twenty minutes from here. She's technically my half-sister, which is kind of weird, but… I can give you the name, if you want." " You see a therapist?" "Yeah. Mostly grief counseling, but other stuff too." His voice turns serious. "It helps." "I don't—" "You need someone to talk to. And I can't always be that person for you—I can listen to you, Nico, and try to understand, and be there for you, but I'm" – his voice breaks – "I'm fifteen . I heal people by praying to my dad and lately… Well. He's been M.I.A. and I've been stuck figuring stuff out on my own. And I can handle the First Aid, but I don't know how to handle this!" Will looks like he's on the verge of tears and Nico feels an unexplainable urge to wrap his arms around him and tell him everything will be okay. Which is ridiculous. "I want to help you," Will says, closing his eyes. "But I don't know how." Nico doesn't know how to respond, so he just nods at the horizon. "Look," he says, reaching for Will's hand. "Sunrise." as the poems go into the thousands you realize that you've created very little. it comes down to the rain, the sunlight, the traffic, the nights and the days of the years, the faces. leaving this will be easier than living it, typing one more line now as a man plays a piano through the radio, the best writers have said very little and the worst, far too much. ~Charles Bukowski A/N: Will Solace is a poet and nothing can convince me otherwise. Nico needs to talk to a professional and nothing can convince me otherwise. These two take approximately 34235646 years to get together and nothing can convince me otherwise (but then it's cute as hell when they do). In all seriousness, I have so many mixed emotions about Solangelo and BoO in general so feel free to Review or PM me if you also have emotions and want to share. Poems I quoted: " Take all my loves…" = Sonnet 40, Shakespeare " Song: to Celia" = Ben Jonson, which did rhyme once upon a time " it was just a little while ago" = Charles Bukowski " As the Poems Go" = Charles Bukowski