leaned over and was about to kiss him again, he basically tackled me and kissed me and I kissed back, smiling into the kiss. He 'hand-cuffed' my wrists with his own hand and held them done. He was practically on top of me. I looked down after we pulled away and blushed. I have to admit, he does kiss pretty good. Nico's POV- After we pulled away, Jackie looked down. I myself blushed and thought, 'Best. Kiss. Ever.' Not that I kissed anybody like that… Ok, let's move away from that… But really, I think that because of the curse, we didn't- couldn't- realize our feelings for each other. And I guess our subconscious realized that we like each other and we internally loved each other, but didn't realize it ourselves. I grinned and I got down on one knee and said, "Jacqueline Carter Autre, I want to make sure you really want to marry me, so… Please be my wife by choice, not by force." Jackie looked shocked and said teasingly, "Where's my ring?" Then she smiled and said, "Just kidding, of course." I then decided to just pretend to put on a ring and I whispered, "I'm going to get you the best, and beautiful ring ever, I promise." She grinned and said, "How do we seal the deal?" I didn't answer; I only dove in for a kiss. ~OoOoOoOoO~ *2 years later, on Jackie's birthday* Jacqueline's POV- I tugged at the wedding dress my aunt picked out for me. Since my mom was dead, she was like a mother to me. So she decided to help me out. I had a dark black dress fading into a light grey towards the end. The shoes were black sneakers that had pumps that were put on. I had a golden tiara that has white jewels which held up the train. The train was a very nice silk that my dad had to bargain with Hermes a lot. It was grey with black and white mixed in. The veil was the same, except more see-through. My aunt applied minimal make-up, and my bridesmaids did my hair. In the end, I looked utterly gorgeous. I suddenly thought about all the bad things that can happen. 'What if Nico doesn't like this?' 'What is I mess up at some point?' 'What if I trip when I'm walking down the aisle?' But these were all pushed away when my dad came. He looked at me and gave me a warm smile, not a cocky one, but a warm smile. I smiled back nervously. Dad hooked his elbow with mine and he whispered into my ear, "You look gorgeous sweetie. Don't worry, you'll do just fine, I promise. And trust me Nico will love the way you look. By the way, happy birthday sweetie." I smiled and said, "Thanks dad, really." He smiled and we started to walk down the aisle. That music that they usually played when the bride walks down the aisle was replaced with one of my favorite songs, Shut Up And Dance. My heart started thumping and I think I was shaking. I walked down the aisle and I got closer and closer to Nico. He looked handsome, and I can't believe he was in a suit and tie. Whoever got him into this suit is a miracle worker. He looked a bit uncomfortable, but he still smiled. I smiled at him and I just thanked the gods that I look this gorgeous. Nico's POV- Jackie looked gorgeous. She smiled, but I could tell that she was nervous. Truth be told, so was I. But I stood there, gazing at my soon-to-be wife. She looked right at me and I could tell that she wouldn't want to be married off to anybody else. I am just lucky that she's going to be my wife. The gods don't even know how much I love her. Finally she reached the stage (I think that's what they call it) and she just looked down. We said our vows, and though they were short and sweet, I couldn't think of a more beautiful way of explaining how much I love her. It's funny how just 2 years ago we hated each other immensely, and now we are getting wedded with no problem. Finally the minister (who was Percy, because why the hell not?) and he grinned saying "Nico, do you take Jacqueline to be your lawfully wedded wife, whom you will love and take care of through sickness and death?" (A/N: I am a Muslim and this is not how we get married, so I am trying my best, based on other fanfics and stuff.) I said, "I do." I could tell that Jackie was smiling. Percy then asked her the same question and she nodded as she said, "I do." I grinned as Jackson said, "You may kiss the bride." Then he leaned forward to my ear and said, "By the way, don't take too long, Di Angelo. You have an audience, just remember that." I rolled my eyes and kissed Jackie with all the love, passion, care, and lust I can put into it. I dipped her and we stayed like that as the guests (which were the entire camp, a few gods, and a couple mortals) clapped, whooped, and whistled. When we broke apart, I put my forehead against hers and said, "I love you." She smiled lovingly and said, "I love you too." Jacqueline's POV- *after the wedding* Nico and I decided to stay at camp and help around. We went to his cabin after the wedding and I said, "So is my name going to be Jacqueline Carter Di Angelo? Or Jacqueline Carter Autre?" He grinned and said, "You're a Di Angelo now, so that's going to be your last name." I laughed and said, "OK, you got it!" I am really lucky to have him as my husband. I love him, and I know he loves me back.