began to move again in hopes of remaining undetected, but it was too late. A bolt of lightning slammed into her back as she began to run. Pain arched (A/N Hah.) through her back, and she fall convulsing to the ground. Cold laughter assaulted her ears as she rose shakily to her feet. "Did you think to escape the mighty Zeus little one?" a seemingly muffled voice said. In other circumstances she would have scoffed at the younger deities antics, but she was in no position to mock anyone. She turned to face her assailant, her clothes still smoking slightly from the attack, and black dots dancing across her unfocused vision. Just inside the canopy of the willow tree stood Zeus, looking much the same from the night many days ago he had begun to chase her. She took a steadying breath before casting out her senses. Zeus' aura of power was almost blindingly brilliant in such proximity, but after forcing herself to focus around it she was able to gain valuable information. As far as she could tell, there were no other deities around. She was also shocked by the amount of celestial activity she could sense, not having attempted such an action sense her flight began in the fear of attracting unwanted attention. She could sense several shooting stars beginning their descent into the atmosphere giving her minute bursts of power, a comet that was nearing its perihelion (closest distance) in relation to the earth, and several more minor comets that were gradually fading from her senses. Though the lightning bolt hadn't caused any serious damage, she knew she was in trouble. Asteria continued to regard Zeus warily, continuing to weigh her options. The god raised his hand and she heard a muted snap as her hearing was restored. "I certainly hope I haven't caused any permanent damage, I just can't have you running away again." Zeus said with a false smile that only served to further unnerve the frightened titaness. The king of the gods advanced at a leisurely pace, still pointing his masterbolt at Asteria. Panic began to overwhelm her as Zeus closed the distance, her mind remained blank until she felt a small tug from her necklace and she remembered the nymph's words and blessing. Zeus' hand began to close around her arm, and in desperation she threw out her senses again, latching on to the comet that was quickly approaching. Unsure of what to do she poured her remaining energy into the connection she could faintly feel with the celestial body, seeking any avenue of help available. She willed herself to become one with the comet, to be taken away, to be saved. Rather than being moved, she felt a sudden surge of power just as Zeus' grasp tightened. Her body felt heavier, and the electricity that Zeus had intended to use to pacify her passed through it without any adverse effects. Without thinking, she used her free arm to lash out at the god, striking him in the chest and sending him flying several yards back, breaking his tentative grasp on her arm in the process. Asteria looked in shock at her now outstretched arm which was almost entirely a bronze medal. Before Zeus could get a chance to recover, the titaness fled, her new weight initially doing little to affect her ability to move beyond making her steps heavier. She knew something was wrong when she began to lose feeling in her extremities. Her fingers and toes became solid, and as she ran her joints became more and more difficult to move. The burst of strength she had received from the connection with the comet had already faded, and she was too weak to use her new power again. Her body was slowly becoming the same composition as the celestial body she had bonded to, and she noticed that her temperature was dropping rapidly as well. Asteria came to a halt on the edge of a cliff, the roar of the ocean filled her ears and the humid salty air felt strange on her mottled skin. Terror began to overwhelm her, and was only heightened by the sounds of her pursuer crashing through the underbrush. Seeing no other option, she tried to transform into her sacred animal. After several seconds of concentration and drawing upon her dwindling energy reserves, her form slowly shifted into a small quail. The process of turning into inanimate metal was slowed considerably, but she knew her physical body was still dying. She tried to take flight, but her heavier composition was a great hinderance in her efforts to generate lift. The added difficulty of having lightning bolts thrown at her by an enraged god of the skies only served to aggravate the problem. Just as she thought she had reached a safe distance from the cliff, a stray bolt grazed her wing and she began to plunge towards the ocean. She struggled in vain against the winds with her now nearly inoperable wing, but she quickly lost altitude. She breached the surface of the water, not having enough energy to even try and swim and quickly sank into the depths. The currents began to sweep her out to sea, and her world was fading into blackness. Her divine fortitude prevented her from drowning for a long period of time, but she knew this was the end. She silently prayed to whatever deity would aid her to bring her to a safe place to land. Before the darkness finally took her, she vaguely felt her form began to change. A/N: There it is! The first chapter! In case you're wondering, Asteria IS a titaness in Greek mythology, and it is accurate that she turned into a quail and dove into the ocean after being pursued by Zeus, as well as what will happen next chapter. To clarify, the comet is in perihelion, as is the earth, thus making this a very rare occurrence which will be important later.