t-shirt, sitting at her desk with the lamp on, staring at the math textbook until her eyes began to hurt. And really, none of the numbers made sense, because she could see out of the corner of her eye Percy, changing into a tux and pulling on a jacket. Which was really distracting, so Annabeth pulled her curtain over. She didn't need to perv on him changing, because that was creepy and stalkerish. Numbers and words and letters all blurred together in she vision and Annabeth groaned, slamming her pencil down on the math textbook. Why were word problems a thing? And why couldn't Grayson measure his own stupid ribbon? Tick. Tick. Tick. And yeah, the clock was really annoying too. It was shaped like an owl, like pretty much everything in her room, and it had the cutest little arms which were meant to be two feathers. The hands struck nine and Annabeth groaned again, letting her head fall gracelessly into her hands. She was done. This stupid math test was going to be the death of her. Her phone buzzed and Annabeth jumped at the chance, almost leaping out of her chair and grabbing her phone. She shoved her math textbook aside and turned on her phone, her glasses lopsided on her nose. A message from Percy dominated her screen and she swiped to the right a bit too enthusiastically, because she really wanted to see what he was texting her about. You going to Prom tonight? I've got to my mom's making me. Annabeth laughed, typing in a response. Prom wasn't gonna happen with this girl, or with any of her friends. Thalia much preferred the company of her feminist club thing (they called themselves the Hunters) and Reyna was at her martial arts classes. Nah, gonna be studying for that AP math test and Science test. Have fun! His reply was almost instantaneous, which made Annabeth wonder how she'd lived without him constantly distracting her from her work. It was actually a lot better than just staring at a stark white page until her eyes burned. Wish you were. Won't have good time without u. Okay, maybe she would be going tonight. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- The white dress felt kind of foreign on her body, because she didn't normally wear things like this (she was more of a skinny jeans and casual t-shirt kind of girl) but it also felt right somehow, fitting all her curves and draping where it was needed, and she'd spent a full hour on her makeup and hair (mostly her hair). Mascara coated her eyelashes and red lipstick colored her lips. There was a light coating of blush on her cheeks and some silver eye shadow on her eyelids, but she didn't have foundation or primer or anything like that one. She found those to be wastes of time and money. Her hair she'd curled and blow-dried until every single little curl hung perfectly in place, and she'd spent a full five minutes admiring it in the mirror. If only she had time to do that every morning. She'd be the sexiest girl alive in that school. Her glasses were on her desk and there was a delicate silver chain with an owl on it that Percy'd given her for her birthday last summer. All in all, she was totally ready to slay. When she walked in, she immediately felt uncomfortable. She wasn't a party animal, and everyone giving her weird looks didn't help either. Was she too pretty? Too different? Had she done her hair wrong? Should she have straightened her curls? Maybe she should've worn colored contact lenses to look better. Oh gods, this was so nerve-wrecking. This was not happening. She slowly moved through the crowd and they parted for her like Moses and the Red Sea. Groups of 'popular girls' whispered and pointed, but no one giggled mockingly like, 'Oh look the weirdo nerd is here.' It was more like, 'CHRIST HOW DID THE WEIRDO NERD GET SO PRETTY?' Then again, she was still going to be a weirdo nerd. None of these people were her concern, anyways. A few guys approached her and asked her to dance but she rejected them all, making sure to let them down gently. Even if she was pretty now, she still didn't want to make anyone mad or sad or anything. She was busy scanning the crowd to see if she could spot Percy. A mop of dark hair was talking to a blond guy over by a chocolate fountain, and Annabeth carefully made her way through the crowd, her heels clicking on the tiled floor. Jason, the blond, noticed her before Percy did, and conveniently left. Percy looked confused for a second and then he turned around, seeing her. His eyes widened just a fraction of an inch, showing off his glossy green orbs, and Annabeth felt herself smile softly. Her heart seemed to beat faster and slower at the same time and she took a step closer. Thankfully, she didn't slip, or that night would've ended in a trip to the hospital. He took a step closer. The distance between them closed incredibly slowly, like time itself had paused to give them some privacy to enjoy this moment, and then Rachel appeared, putting a hand on his arm and saying something Annabeth didn't bother to listen to. He shook her off like an annoying bug and advanced closer. Her heart was pounding like a bass drum now, only with more of an irregular thready beat. His hand snaked around her waist and Annabeth tilted her head up slightly, letting her breath mingle with his. They stayed like that for a second, Rachel's loud protests seeming like nothing compared to the ringing in her ears and the excitement rushing through her, and then he leaned in closer, his lips barely brushing hers, as if waiting for confirmation. As if asking, 'Are you ready?' Her lips closed the distance. Yes, I'm ready.