that she recently screwed someone. He shook his head in disappointment before studying the girl intently. "If you would please go, that would be extremely helpful to my case, or else I might just have to get rough." He said in a false husky tone. The Trampy daughter of Aphrodite squealed slightly before she took another step into the room. "And what exactly will you do?" She asked, hooking a finger on the corner of her shirt and started to pull sideways, revealing more of her breast. "This." Michael said as he shot a blast of water into the sluts chest, sending her flying from the cabin. "Holy Shit, I just meant to shoot air at her, not a lakes worth of water." He said exageratting. At the time he didn't know he just pulled water molecules from the air and manipulated it into a stream of water. The girl sat up, the side she was pulling completely off to the side, showing all of her right breast. She stood up and fixed her shirt and quickly stomped off around the cabin, heading back to the Aphrodite Cabin to quite possibly clean herself up. Michael fell to the floor laughing before he heard a knock on the door. He quickly composed himself and stood up before heading to the door. He opened it and stood face to face with the girl from the infirmary. "Hello, my name is Michael." He said, his face slowly heating up to nice healthy gold. "I know your name, but my name is Cassie, Cassie Sanders." The girl now known as Cassie said. "Well Hello Cassie, would you like to enter the Cabin of Kronos?" He asked calmly, silently hoping she would say yes. When she did he went into a mental victory dance. His curse suddenly broke, leaving him with a feeling of happiness and satisfaction. He shut his eyes tightly as the emotions slowly overpowered him. He opened his eyes back up and looked down at the daughter of Poseidon, studying her face. "Did you know that you can make Aphrodite blush?" He asked her, not really in control of his thoughts currently, or his mouth. Cassie's cheeks reddened. "Stop that and I didn't come here to flirt needlessly, I came here because Chiron gods the campers gathered." She said. Michael nodded and turned towards the door, after reattaching his sword belt and sword to his hip. Michael walked towards the amphitheatre, right beside him was Cassie, as he neared the theatre his steps slowed as he suddenly grew fearful of telling the camp that they where under attack from an unknown source and the simple fact that the plan he had could get some of the injured maybe killed. He shook his head and then raised his chin, walking towards the stage. He flared his wings as he neared the first step. He flapped ten once and flew up to the top of the stage. He rested his wings against his back as he walked to the middle of the stage. He looked at the gathering of Demigods and mental summoned his armour to him. It appeared suddenly, the symbol of Kronos brodely blazened right on the left peck. His helm gleamed brilliantly in the sunlight that streamed through the sky light, something Annabeth added during the reconstruction of Camp Half-Blood, it glinted off the 3 inch spike atop the helm that seemed to take on an ancient styled Spartan helmet. He smiled underneath the helm before entering an at ease position. "Demigods, I call you here today to tell you that camp is under attack," He yelled as a we know came out from somewhere in the gathered Two hundred Greek demigods, "we are being attack by a force just as powerful as half of the Primordials, about half the Power of my adoptive father Khaos. It wants to attack Camp but it can't because it hasn't fully formed, instead it works through its Generals, ancient being that he has resurrected from complete demolition, Ophion, the king of the Titans before Kronos, Typhoon, Uranus. He also works through the three emperors of old, who Apollo, now known as Peter, has seen. This will be a long and hard battle but be assured that the three emperor's are currently working on shutting off our sources of prophecy, this will end when I reinstate Apollo as an Olympian or else every one will know that Zeus sto-" suddenly a loud thunderclap was heard as Apollo was remade and God and instantly transported back to Olympus. "The emperor's will now be dealt with, this still leaves us with the other Three. I have a battle plan but it will need all of you to work, are you with me?!" He yelled out, raising his sword into the air. For the next half hour he explained his battle plan. Once that was down all of the groups where split and where sent to train. Authors Note: Well this ends the first exciting installment of The Immortal Son of Kronos: Savior of the World. Now the only reason why I gave him access to so much power because of an unknown yet extremely powerful enemy will show up in the next Chapter or so. Next Chapter will have a list of each Primordial Council Member, their throne, and my own made up symbol of Power for them, also what they are the living embodiment of. Also I will introduce an old yet new titan in a few chapters. If you have an OC you would like me to use, please pm your character through Private Messaging or email, my Email is deviouscreeper78 also if you would like to be my Beta Reader please contact me through either of these. Also chapters in the future may be longer or shorter, though hopefully longer considering I will try to be Uploading every two weeks to a month, do not request a new chapter right after this loads up.