Octavian," Nico said. Percy groaned, "Leo, you're going through Tartarus this time to close the doors of death, hope that Bob made it out of Tartarus's suit of armor, bye, I'm going to take a nap," Chapter 6 The ship and the Minotaur Me:I own Percy Jackson, right? Percy: you don't owe me Me: I don't!? Percy: You know you don't Me: 'Sighs' I don't own any PJO or HOO characters Third person Leo right now was working on the last part of the Argo III: Festus. "You doing good buddy?" Leo asked Festus. After a bunch of whirs and creaks, Leo translated, "You're worried? About what?" Another pattern. "Me? Awww… Thanks buddy." Just then, Nyssa walked in. Nysa was the temporary counselor of the Hephaestus cabin. "I'm not sure he means it that way," Nyssa said, "I think he means that some danger will come over you and you only." "Woah, some nice foresight there" but Leo didn't get a reply because Nyssa walked out of the room. "I'm done! I'm done!" Leo yelled while running in the middle of dinner. "Good, we should talk with Chiron then take a look at it." Percy said. In the morning, The 9 discussed it with Chiron. "Good job Leo! What does it have on it?" Piper asked. "You can use an Xbox controller instead of a Wii remote!" Leo replied excited because somebody understood. "Boy, you do know how to get him riled up," Calypso whispered to Piper. "Just talk about machines." They were looking at the Argo III which looked considerably epicer than the Argo II. Frank was walking around the hull, when he asked, "What's this?" Frank said pointing to an inscription on the hull. "Oh, those are the names of everybody who helped." "How come Nyssa isn't on here?" "She was busy" Leo replied. Thalia's POV When I saw the ship, I gasped, "how could an idiot like Leo build that?" "Well, I had some help." "Oh, that makes more sense." Just then I heard a mighty bellow, "That sounds like-" " The Minotaur" the Stolls said nervously. "You must leave now, Nyx has started sending monsters after us," Chiron said, "Whaat? I haven't packed my baby wipes yet, I NEED BABY WIPES TO SAVE THE WORLD!" You can guess who said that. "We can buy our little fire toddler baby wipes in the coliseum," I said, "Hey, I'm older than you!" Leo exclaimed, "Technically, I'm well into my twenties." I said, "No, you're 15 and 364 days old," he said. "Who told you that?" "Percy," "PERCY!" "Hey, chill, you've got lot of time to yell at me," he said. Then the roar sounded a lot closer now, " You must leave now, baby wipes or not," Chiron said. "Okay, bye," Leo said, and with that they left. Annabeth's POV 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288143993797169, was going through my head when we boarded the ship, and Leo's voice boomed through the megaphone, "WE WILL BE TAKING OFF IN 5 MINUTES, AND REMEMBER, ALL DA LADIES LUV LEO!" "Oh, we knew that, Leo," Jason muttered under his breath. I secretly was very excited, although I didn't let anybody see it. So we took off, and then there was a sudden roar that shook the Argo III. "Uh-oh," Percy said, "Must be the Minotaur." "But haven't you killed it like 71 times?" Leo asked. "No, I've only killed it 69 times." "LETS GET GOIN'" Frank and Hazel yelled. "Ya, ya, it's not like I built this thing…. Oh wait, I did. Leo has failed once again!" Once got on the Argo III, an axe came flying and hit the side. "What in the name of Hades that!" Leo yelled. "Do not use my fathers name as a swear word!" Nico said through gritted teeth. "Uh, guys I think we have a bigger problem than that." Everybody looked over starboard only to see the Minotaur jumping to land on the Argo III. "Oh, crud," Leo said while waving his xbox controller wildly around. "No prob," Jason said. But, I sensed something was wrong today. And I was right. When Jason tried to use his powers, all we felt was a small breeze. "Uh, guys, what happened?" Surprisingly, Chiron speaks up, "I think Nyx is messing up your powers." And on that note, the Minotaur smacked me in the head and everything went black. Jason's POV I was feeling a little off today when I heard about the new quest I was sort of excited to risk dying to help. When we were on the Argo III I was shocked that a Minotaur was on board so I tried to fly it away but all I felt was a small breeze and I was shocked that nothing happened. I kept trying and trying until, I let out a tiny raspberry. And exactly as I did that, Annabeth got knocked unconscious. "Uh oh. What do we do with Annabeth. I took out my sword and swiped at the Minotaur and it turned into dust. I asked Percy to take Annabeth to the infirmary. I felt really bad because my powers did not work and got Annabeth knocked out. Octavian's POV I smiled when I saw the Minotaur jump onto the so called Argo III, I think it should be called the dumbo III, then Nyx said "How are things looking," "I have read the auguries, the odds are in our favor," I said. Nyx laughed, we both knew very well that I didn't have any foresight into the future, but everyone thought that I did. Now it was just an inside joke between myself and Nyx, but still everybody laughed. "We are bound to win this," Nyssa said. Just as she said that, Jason pulled out his sword and swiped at the Minotaur and killed it. "Whoops… Looks like we forgot to consider that." said Nyssa. "Hey, at least he got Annabeth," said Nyssa. "She doesn't matter," Nyx countered. "Do not underestimate her," Nyssa said.q Frank's POV