asked looking up from his book on Greek mythology. "Yep, just wanted to say good night," Cassie said walking over to her dad. "Goodnight, Cassie." her dad said looking over at her, with a look of sadness in his eyes. She hated the way he said goodnight. He always looked like he was saying goodbye instead of goodnight. She hesitated at first, but decided to bring up how he acted earlier at the table. "But before I do can you please tell me why you looked so sad earlier?" Her dad did his best to make a confused smile, but it was obviously a fake smile. "I already told you I felt soar while sitting at the office." "Please don't lie to me." Cassie begged. "I want you to tell me if something is wrong." "Nothing is wrong Cassie." her dad mumbled. "Stop lying!" Cassie yelled. "I'm not lying to you now stop pestering me!" her dad yelled furiously. "You need to know when to stop!" Cassie staggered back in shock. Her dad hardly ever yelled at her, and he had never looked that angry at her. Her dad regained his composure and showed a look of horror on his face at what he had done. "Cassie I-I'm so sorry…" Cassie didn't look at him at first, but when she did she gave him the look . The look she always gave when she was to sad, hurt or angry to speak about. The look she only used to make it clear to shut up and leave her alone. She used her poker face with no emotion and no visual signs of caring. Her ultimate defense to stop painful emotions was not showing them. "You can stop now. I don't need to hear what you have to say." Cassie said walking out of her father's room. "Cassie!" her father yelled. "Cassie, please wait!" Cassie didn't respond as she closed her door behind her and locked it. She heard her dad knock and call her name for over an hour but she didn't respond. She just tried to block him out, give him a taste of his own medicine. She blocked out all the emotions that would make her unlock the door and hug her father. It wasn't until around midnight when she woke up. She woke up to the sound of voice coming from down the hall. But no one else lived in the house except for her and her dad. Who else could be there? Her curiosity got the best of her and she quietly left her room and walked over to her dad's. She put her ear on the door in order to listen. "- will leave right away. She has had plenty of time." a woman's voice said. Why would a woman be here Casey thought. She had never once seen a woman in the house before. "But she's not ready. I need more time with her." Cassie heard her dad say. "You said I had another month with her. "I believe sixteen years is more than enough time." the woman said with authority. "Another month shouldn't be necessary. She has been training hasn't she?" What were they talking about? Was she going to some boot camp for albinos or something? Cassie's dad waited a bit before he responded. "No," he finally said. "She had not trained. I want her to live a normal life." Cassie could literally feel the anger emit from the woman from beyond the door. It made her stomach turn and she began to sweet. "You mean to tell me you have wasted all of this time and you-?!" "What's going on?" Cassie asked barging in. "Cassie!" her dad said in surprise. "Get out of here, now!" "Stay child." the woman said. She was a tall, beautiful woman with brown hair and angry brown eyes. She wore a white dress that seemed to ripple with oil and water with every motion. She also had a sword at her side which made Cassie nervous. Cassie had the feeling she should leave at the risk of being rammed through by her. Cassie soon realized who the woman looked like. She had to be wrong though. It was impossible. "Who are you; and what were you talking about?" Cassie asked trying to stand her ground. "That is not important. I do not have much time." the woman said as she turned to Cassie's father. "As for you I will decide your punishment as soon as I am free to." "I won't let you take her." "To late." the woman said. As soon as the words left her lips the whole room started to shift. Before Cassie's eyes things dissolved into mist, she turned and saw the entire hallway dissolve into mist. Looking back mist started to swirl around and turned everything in the room into mist. Photos, dressers, her dad's bed, and even the floor dissolved. "Cassie!" her father cried. "I'm so sorry Cassie. I-!" he didn't finish his sentence as he started to turn into mist as well. Tears in his eyes dissolved into mist as they ran down his cheeks. "Dad!" Cassie yelled running towards her dad with her arms out, desperate to grab ahold of him. She only grabbed mist as it started to swirl around her. "Do not worry for him child. You will understand soon." the woman said calmly as the mist continued to swirl around and take everything away. "What have you done?!" Cassie screamed running towards the woman. The woman glared slightly at Cassie and said "I am putting you in charge of the world's destiny. Do not fail us, or the world is doomed." Cassie stopped stunned and confused as the mist also covered her, consuming her whole. She gave one final look to where her dad once stood and everything went black. That's the end of chapter one. So what did you guys think? Please tell me I the reviews, I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Edited:4/25/14