was covered in scars. There was not one square centimeter that was not a scar. It was as if all of his injuries came back all at once. He was still oozing blood from his most recent fight. He could feel his injuries ache. But the old ones did not hurt at all. He touched one and it was real! But it did not hurt him like that one should have. Peter was thinking about going into his wolf form, but did not feel like changing, at least not yet. Peter looked around him he saw a small clearing near the top of the hill. He weakly climbed up the hill and leaned against one of the largest trees he has seen before. He could feel a powerful magic in this area. It was mostly defensive, but it was still there. He looked up at the night sky; he gave a tired sigh as he looked to the moon as he said "At least the moon is full tonight." He shut his eyes to relax; if he could just rest he would heal much faster. Peter felt something running towards him he could feel the ground's vibration. He stood to his feet and steeled his muscles for the plausibility of a fight. He watched the horizon with his enhanced eye sight. He saw seven people running towards him, and behind them were some monster mutts (Hell Hounds) and what looked like a Minotaur a human bull hybrid. Peter shuddered at the thought of HOW it was made… or what he was taught. Peter walked towards them; he counted about twelve of the mutts and only one Minotaur. Since he did not know where he was or who was a friend and allies or enemies. But he knew enough to know that monsters were usually a bad thing. He stepped into a shadow behind the tree and waited for the groups of people to run pass him, he waited until the Minotaur was right in front of him. The Peter football tackled him. He grabbed the bull by the horns (Pun intended) then he gave a quick twist snapping its neck with ease. In a bright burst of light and dust the Minotaur was no more. Peter gave an feral growl that was heard by the Hell Hounds and the group. The hell hound saw him and rushed at him. Peter growled and held his ground. He heard one of the people asking whether or not he was crazy, brave, or plain stupid! Peter rolled out of the way of one. He sensed the movement of them all circling around him. He could always sense when they would lung and he could get out of the way thanks to his spider sense. He could feel the agitation seething from the monster before him. Peter gave a couple jabs, that was enough to knock out some of its teethes. Peter heard someone yell "CATCH!" Peter caught a sword, it was not his but it was better than his bare hands! HE easily began to attack the pack; one broke from the group and ran towards the kids. Peter moved and jumped in its path. He growled and hell hound eyed him curiously. Peter wasted no more time he hacked off its head. Peter fell to his knees with blood rushing down his sides. He felt a hand touches his shoulder, he knocked the hand off and held the sword in a defensive stance, he had a wild look in his eyes. A blond headed female with grey eyes said calmly "We mean you no harm. You are injured and you need to get to the infirmary. You are hurt and confused." "Confused? Yes. Injured? I have had worse. Doctors? No thank you!" Peter said. Annabeth said crossing her arms and saying "We can't leave like this!" She gestured to his general direction. Peter handed the sword back to a wild black haired, green eyed boy. Peter gave a sigh of defeat as he was help towards the infirmary. Peter blacked out once he made it to a bed. He could not feel any danger and his spider sense did not go off, so he knew he was safe for the time being. He knew if he wanted a fighting chance in the near future he better get some strength back. Peter could hear someone gasp he felt the shirt being taken off him. He knew he was scarred and was injured very badly, almost some mortal wounds. He felt a pair of warm hands touch his skin, he could feel magic but his body refused to accept it. Pete did not know what type it was so he made sure to block it. A bright flash of light could be seen through his eyelids. He could hear another gasp and a few faints. He felt someone try to pick him up, but he was unable to get under Peter, it was as if the bed was glue to Peter. Peter was just using his sticking powers to make sure no one could move him so easily. He heard people mumbling then he heard someone say "He stays here. It is obvious that he means no harm. Let him heal before we ask. Try to gain his trust and he may tell you more and more about who he is and where he comes from." He heard a murmur of agreement then there was silence. Peter fell completely into darkness and into a dreamless, painless night sleep it was the first time in over a millennium. 0 0 0 Here was the first chapter, the first chapter is always the worst for me so please stay with this story and watch for the next update. Please leave a review or PM me if you have any suggestions or questions. Who should Peter be paired with or should he remain single? I am think about "Percy / Annabeth" Death Fury out until next time!