and turn around and go back to my cabin. Suck it up and survive through my punishment and just kept writing to my brother for the rest of my life. Things could keep going on as they've always happened. Or I could leave and find him. Change my life for the better. Seek out this other camp and make a new life with my brother. Maybe we could just go out on our own. Find our godly parents and demand to be claimed. Almost on instinct I went for my bag and pulled out Lacy's dye. I tore open the box and started reading the box. It seemed simple enough and before I knew it I was painting it onto my hair. The box was hair bleach. So I was going to bleach my hair in hopes it worked. Well it had to work. And by the time I was done and had washed it out I had to do a double take. I wasn't just blonde I was a light blonde to even borderline white. That was some strong bleach. I stuffed the debris back into the ripped box and stuffed it into a different part of bag. I'd throw it out the first chance I got. I made sure I wasn't followed before I took off for Thalia's tree. I had just crossed the barrier into unprotected area when the same male voice interrupted me. "What exactly do you think you're doing?" Nico asked. "Do you like have a tracker on me or something?" I snapped whirling around to face him. "No, but you look familiar. I see him in you more and more every time I visit. Although you're more rebellious than him." Nico explained. "Who are you talking about!" I huffed. "Stop pretending Lamia. I figured out what you were doing in the woods. I've been wondering why you are the only person in the Hermes cabin with a lock on her cabinet. Especially such an odd code as 0614. I couldn't figure out how you came up with it until I made the connection. It's a birthday with the numbers in decreasing units. It isn't your birthday because you were born in April. So the obvious conclusion is that it's someone that no one else knows about birthday. You share similar features with a boy I know in camp Jupiter. You both have the same black waves, you both have eyes that never miss a moment although he has brown eyes where you have bluish green eyes. You both are stubborn to a point. Can be defiant even. You are both protective of those you love. And finally both of you are of the going extinct species of unclaimed demigod." Nico explained. A victorious grin on his face. "Want a medal?" I mocked. "You have an older brother in camp Jupiter. That's what you have been doing in the woods is writing letters to him in private. Your cabinet is locked because that's where you hide the box you communicate with him. I think his name is Cato? Senator for the fifth cohort?" Nico continued. Eyebrows raised in question but his lips gave away that he already knew he was right. "Alright but you have absolutely no room to talk ambassador of Pluto ." I glared. Nico matched my glare with one of his own. "You have a sister in camp Jupiter. So don't you dare lecture me on the rules that separate Greeks and Romans for their safety." I hollered. "Not to burst your bubble but you wouldn't make it a day in the Roman camp. You're too reckless. And do you know how stupid that plan is? If you're found out you're gonna wish you were dead." Nico explained. "So what are you going to do now? Go tattle on me to Chiron?" I demanded. "Depends. If you turn around and go back to your cabin and forget this ridiculous idea of going to Camp Jupiter I won't say a word. If you continue down the hill further away from camp I will have to report you to Chiron." Nico shrugged, as if he had no choice. "You report me to Chiron and I'm taking you down with me ambassador ." I threatened. Nico looked surprised and carefully thought about it. "By Hades you're insane!" He huffed, throwing his arms up in the air. "Well?" I asked. He glared at me. "Do you even know how to get there?" Nico argued, crossing his arms across his chest. "No. But I can get Cato to give me directions." I answered. "It's not like it's turn right and it's there." Nico scoffed, gesturing with his hands. "I know it's in San Francisco." I argued. Nico sighed. "Say if you find camp Jupiter. Then what? What's the reason you tell them about how you got there?" Nico pointed out. "I just stumbled upon it while running from some Cyclopes." I answered. Nico thought about it. "You are fully aware how suicidal your plan is?" Nico sighed. "Yep." I nodded. "Come on." Nico ordered, walking past me towards the road. "What?" I asked. "Obviously you can't be deterred so your gonna need help getting there. But don't mistake this as friendship. I get you there. We keep each other's secrets. Then we part ways." Nico explained coldly. I rushed to catch up with him. "So what's it like at the Roman camp?" I asked curiously. Maybe he'd warm up if we got talking. "One it's not really a camp in the way camp half blood is. It's more of it's own city. Full of demigods from all walks of life. But there are no pranks unlike camp half blood. Well the pranks occur less. I've heard Octavian is usually the victim. Government is more important just like military is more important." Nico answered. That went well. I thought. My brother gave more description than him in one letter. It was a long and silent journey to civilization.