he read. She tricked him. This conniving little fox tricked him. Oh he hated her now. "Percy" his mother called. "Is your friend staying for dinner?" "N-OUCH" a stinging pain stopped his reply. Percy stared at the girl stunned. She'd just pinched him. "Would it be any trouble at all Mrs Jackson?" Silena replied. "Of course not dear" Never in her life, Sally Jackson would deny a guest. "Then it would be a pleasure" Silena gave a sly grin at the boy. Percy groaned as he went into his room. He really wanted a bath now. … "Who would have thought that Percy would bring a girl home?" Paul stated as the four of them sat around the medium sized dinner table. Sally was besides Paul. Percy was besides Silena. Sally was smiling as she served the food while Percy looked slightly annoyed that dinner time was tainted by a she-devil. Exaggeration, I think not. "I didn't bring her, she followed me home" Percy corrected. The three ignored Percy. "I just hope my son's treating you well, he doesn't have any sway when it comes with the ladies" Sally added sweetly. "Mom not you too c'mon" Percy groaned into his seat. "He's been treating me well Mrs Jackson." Silena responded in a dignified manner. Percy glared at her. "No I have not" "Don't be so modest, Percy" Paul said as he winked at the boy. Silena placed both her hands on her cheek in mock embarrassment. "He's been quite… gentle with me" she said in an implying tone. Percy did a spit take. "W-what the hell are you s-saying?" the younger boy sounded incredulous. Paul whistled as Percy flushed in annoyance. Sally hit Paul lightly on the shoulder. And so they ate after the embarrassing debacle. Chicken breast with soup and gravy, added with an egg salad with brown rice. It wasn't much, but it was filling, just a regular family dinner. "So how did you meet Percy?" Paul asked as Percy cleared up the dining table. "Satan introduced me to her" Percy deadpanned as he went to the kitchen. Silena ignored the comment "Well, I think it was around three years ago." Percy rolled his eyes. There she goes, spinning another crazy story. He wasn't even going to deny what she had to say, too troublesome. "I was going back from school one day" she continued. "And these kids came up to me, demanding money. I was really scared, I mean who wouldn't be. I almost cried thinking they might hurt me." Her voice sounded so genuine, that even Percy stopped to listen. "Then a knight in shining armour came to save me. Well, a knight in dirty school uniform I suppose" Silena looked at Percy. He couldn't make out the look on her face. This story was supposed to be fake right. Why did it feel real? "So after three years of searching, I finally found him, and I fell deeply in love" She made exaggerated motions with her hands. "Oh you poor dear" Sally hugged her tightly. "Why didn't you tell me about this Percy?" "Now that's how a man's supposed to act" Paul complimented Percy. "I…" Percy was at lost for words. That didn't happen. But why did it feel real. … "You didn't have to walk me home" Silena said as he balanced herself on the road rail. "It's late, and mom said a girl shouldn't walk alone when it's dark" Percy defended as he stuffed his hands into his jacket. "Besides, your home is near right? Are your parents going to be okay with this?" "I live by myself" she said. "So I think I'm okay" "Oh" was his only reply. There was silence, broken occasionally by a passing vehicle and their light footsteps. It wasn't really cold that night, but it was enough to make him shiver. He didn't know how Silena could manage the cold. The moon was visible as the stars faded under bright city light. "It's real you know" she stated. Percy looked at her. She looked absolutely pretty when she looked normal and not scheming. "What's real?" Percy asked. "The story" She answered. "About you saving me, it's true" What was she talking about? "What? I don't remember-" "I do" She interrupted. "I remember it to every single detail. I remember how you had a plaster on your nose. How your hair was slightly longer at that time. I remember your voice like how I hear it now" This was awkward. He certainly did not remember anything about saving a girl. If he did he was sure he would have remembered it. "Maybe you've mistaken me with someone else, Silena" Percy tried to counter. He didn't want anyone else's good deeds on his shoulders. Silena shook her head. "I told you. I remember every single detail" Silena stopped walking and turned to face him. "Well this is my stop, thanks for walking me" "No problem" Percy looked away. "Don't mention-" There was a soft peck on his cheek, light and very quick. Percy turned to Silena. She had closed the distance and was suddenly very close. She had kissed his cheek. "That's how you make someone fall in love" Silena said softly as she turned to her apartment complex. "See you tomorrow" Percy touched his cheek where her lips met. What the hell is wrong with that girl ? "She got me good" Percy mumbled out as he stared where Silena had just been. He shook his head violently. No this was Aphrodite's doing. He shouldn't take this too seriously and be brought into Aphrodite's game. That'll be the last thing he will ever do. He turned around and began walking back to his house. Maybe…everything will turn out okay for him. The next day Silena had pushed him on Annabeth Chase a second time. A/N: So what do you think? Should I continue with this or Just stick with dark and plot heavy stories. Comment on that yeah?