picture. The girl in front of Ivan looked rather intimidating. Not scary like Thalia where you were afraid to get your head ripped off, but it was as if she was staring into your very soul. Her startling, stormy gray eyes mad the hairs on the back of the general's neck stand up. Also, she was rather tall, nearly two to three inches taller than the last four he was introduced to, comfortably standing at 5'10". The general also took note of her metal arm that was holding her number. "Annabeth Chase, definitely the most intimidating of the bunch and nearly the most powerful. Definitely the smartest. That is why we call her Pallas Supreme, though sometimes just Pallas," Bruner began. "At seven she ran away from home. Thalia found her, though they got separated. Annabeth grew up on the streets for a few years." "Who got her off the streets? How did she get a metal arm? What makes her so smart?" Ivan questioned, interested in the girl's story. Bruner's eyes hardened. Clearly he was protective of the girl. "Well, the Titans snatched her while she slept. There, they tested how smart she was. They cut off her arm. She made a new one. They used her as a weapon briefly before we obtained her. She enhanced her whole body, though not every limb is replaced. She's very durable, and that's just the beginning." The man grinned, a mad look in his eye shone which made the general uneasy. "Her mind is extremely powerful. She is able to analyze a person almost instantly and take them down. Annabeth has a photographic memory and has learned many fighting styles, some taken from her victims. I'm sure she's studied Reyna's or Frank's," he boasted. General Ivan gulped. He couldn't tell if Annabeth was truly that strong or if his old friend was boasting. The girl didn't have powers, that was for sure, but if what Bruner was telling him was true, she had a chance of overpowering all the members of Jupiter with little effort. He wasn't completely sure how well that would bode when the groups met. Bruner stashed away her photo. "So you're saying she's not the strongest?" Ivan asked. It felt as if a stone was in his stomach. The first few seemed to be not as strong as his team, but if Bruner was still holding his ace . . . well Ivan was feeling uneasy. Bruner put the last picture in the middle of the table. Ivan nearly immediately recognized the face in front of him. "Perseus Jackson," Ivan stated. This boy was definitely on his radar. Blowing up a few schools, a school bus, and endangering his class on a field trip to the aquarium. He missed almost his full junior year of high school after suddenly disappearing. Turns out, he was wreaking havoc in Greece and stole a plane ticket and passport to get there. General Ivan would have targeted the kid immediately if he knew the kid had powers. "He's a troublemaker, I know," Bruner chuckled as if the kid wasn't a wanted fugitive and suspected terrorist. Ivan scoffed, "You could say that again." The man smiled fondly. "We call him the Leviathan." "Like the monster in the Bible? Why would you call him that?" "Yes," Bruner laughed. "Look closely at the picture," he said as he pushed the picture closer to Ivan. The general took into account the boy's height, a solid six feet. His hair was windswept and messy. His eyes were a brilliant color, but something was different about them. "He looks like a reptile with slits for eyes," he noticed. Bruner nodded in confirmation and gestured to Ivan to find more in the picture. The general looked for a moment. "His skin is slightly tinted green and looks almost . . . scaly. And his teeth, they look like daggers." Bruner grinned widely. "This is what he looks like when he's angry, hence the name Leviathan, though it goes deeper than that. Perseus here has massive control over water in many forms and in every place that water is present. Whether it be the ocean, moister in the air, the pipes in the wall . . . or blood," he described in a sinister manner. "Hurricane Sandy, 2012. Percy had something to do with that. We found him passed out under wear the eye of the storm was when it finally dissipated. He hasn't shown that kind of power since but we know it's in him. It's probably better he never displays that power again," Bruner concluded, finally closing the file. Ivan was at a loss for words. "Bring your team to meet mine on Monday. I will send you a copy of the file containing the information I have just shared with you, as well as directions of where to find us," Bruner winked. "I suggest telling your team to come prepared for a fight. If one isn't initiated, then I suppose each team will want to see what they other can do." The man backed out from the table, exposing his wheelchair that had been hiding throughout the meeting. He grabbed his briefcase off the floor and slipped the file inside, closing it. "Goodnight General Ivan," Bruner said as he wheeled out. "Goodnight, Chiron," Ivan replied, trying to recompose himself. He sat in the restaurant a few more minutes, processing the information that was given to him and trying to come up with a way to tell his own team about their new assignment. His phone vibrated in his pocket. Quickly, he retrieved it, not sure of its contents, but sure that he didn't want to miss anything important. He had gotten an email. The subject of the email? Project Demigod. *I do not own the name Kobold Bomber, it belongs to a game I play but it fits I hope ya'll enjoyed the first chapter! Also, check out my other story kind of in the works!