Besides no one would believe you. Just think about it who would believe Percy Jackson the boy was is angry, violent, and rude. Signed Ἥρᾱ All I could think is how correct this letter was. The whole letter was written in ancient Greek, but I couldn't identify the name that it was signed by. I mean who really would believe me after this week. I've lost most of my friends, and everyone dislikes me now. I finished the trip to my cabin and got into bed. Not that worried about the letter. DEMIGOD DREAM I was in the middle of a large city. The city was huge, and there were lots of people wearing bronze armor. They were carrying swords, and bows and all kinds of weapons. I started to travel the streets to find where I was at. This place looked like Greece back in its peek when Athens and Sparta where still alive. That idea went straight away when I saw the name of the town trader's shop thing. Rome's Finest Wears… I was in Rome. The old nation that destroyed the Greeks. Why would I be here? "Because this is where you will be staying at for a while." Someone spoke. I looked all around me to only see normal citizens of Rome. Where was this person? "Behind you." They spoke again. I turned around to come face to face with the queen of Olympus. I instantly kneeled so I wouldn't be killed or whatever she does to those who disrespect her. "Hello Lady Hera, what do you mean?" I asked suspiciously, and respectfully. "You will know all in good time." Hera said, while moving closer to me. All I saw was her put two fingers to my forehead before everything faded to black. REALITY – EIGHT MONTHS LATER When I woke up all I could think about was this insane headache, and the fact I don't know where the fuck I'm at! What the hell even happened second I was doing… actually I don't know what I was doing when this happened. What was I doing, where did I even come from? Who am I, and what am I going to do now? I looked over to see some skeleton of man next to me in some imperial armor. I stopped moving for a second, and I could hear steps by people maybe. No, they were too quite. Definitely animal footsteps, and a lot of animals. "Grrrr." A low growl sounded out. I was in for a surprise I guess. When I looked up and around me I was surrounded by wolves, but one stood out the most. It was a huge grey and white wolf that was just sitting and watching me. Then I saw a large black wolf launch itself at me. I barely sidestepped it, and as I turned to face the wolf I saw the imperial skeleton guy had a sword. I started to run towards him, and as I reached him the black wolf tackled me. It was on top of me. It was trying to bite my neck, but I had my hands around its snout keeping its mouth closed. I was only inches away from the sword though, but if I let go with one hand I wouldn't be able to keep its mouth closed. "Make a quick movement to the sword." A female voice whispered in my head. So I followed it. I made a quick grab to the sword, and tried to put the sword through its neck but I didn't have enough speed or strength when I was this close. It only went a few inches in its neck, but that was okay because the wolf bounced off of me. Then a female voice rang out, and the largest grey and white wolf appeared as a lady. "Hello Percy Jackson. I am Lupa the mother of Rome. Go west there you will find a new home. You will find out more about yourself there too." Lupa announced, while walking away. She was out of my site in minutes, and my dumbass didn't ask any questions that would help me. It was beginning to become night so I should just set up camp, but there was no firewood. Everything was wet from rain the obviously happened sometime last night. The weirdest thing about this is that I'm not wet. I was probably only out there for a few hours before Lupa found me. "I will meet you half way, and provide you warmth. You have to do the rest." The female voice whispered in my head again. A nearby bush went up into flames in seconds. I must be Moses or this didn't just happen. I found some wet sticks and tossed them into the fire so they would eventually dry out and burn. Then I sat under a tree and just thought about what happened. All I know about myself is that I am Percy Jackson and I need to travel west. Not much but it will have to do for now. Besides Lupa said that I will learn more about myself once I've traveled west right? Maybe she was lying. What if nothing is there? I didn't think about this much longer before I feel asleep to the sound of dripping water from the tree leaves. AUTHERS NOTE Was it good? This is the first story I've ever wrote and I think I did decent. Tell me what you think, and I would be happy to hear anything that would improve the story. I'm also open to ideas that you have to make the story go on. I don't have a plot yet for the story, but I'm slowly forming one. Make sure to favorite and follow this story. I won't make any more chapters till I see that people actually like my writing. I'm not going to write if no one likes it. That would be like singing for no one. It is pointless.