Direct interference is against the Ancient Laws!" A girl scout troop with a silver fetish emerged from the dead trees, armed with bows and knives, with snarling wolves at their sides, and hawks perched on a few shoulders. Percy was looking at them with a strange look. So many virgins in one place…Dad was probably going to really hurt him for not sacrificing at least one girl. The one with the auburn hair, especially. "Not so. The hunting of all wild beasts is within my domain, and you, foul creature, are most certainly a wild beast." Definitely a goddess. Thorn growled, launching a massive volley of spikes from his scorpion tail. Arrows flew, intercepting and destroying the projectiles midair. A girl with a tiara stepped forward, bow primed and ready. "Permission to kill, M'lady?" Thorn growled again, turning his gaze at Percy, which had the consequent effect of making them center of attention of everybody present. "Last chance, boy. My superiors have grown tired of your evasion the past three years. Join us, or suffer." Percy cocked his head to the side, his eyes wide and shining with some kind of emotion. Then a grin spread his face. "Go fuck yourself," he said cheerily. The jaws of many dropped at the casual usage of the f-bomb, even Artemis found herself raising her brows. She didn't remember children as having a vocabulary involving such harsh profanity. Thorn's face contorted into one of rage, and he launched a bigger, faster, and sharper volley of poisonous spikes. Time slowed down as the projectiles flew. Grover played a desperate tune on his pipes, Thalia slowly yelled out 'move,' Annabeth watched wide-eyed. Bianca was screaming. Artemis had roared 'fire,' and her handmaidens responded with startling reactions, but their arrows were off. It wasn't their bias against males, it was that they had underestimated the speed. Instead of their arrows destroying the spikes, they harmlessly grazed just millimeters behind. The spikes slammed into Percy's frozen body, jerking him around due to the impact force. His shoulders, stomach, abdomen, sternum, legs, arms, and one even pierced his left eye all the way to his brain. The foot-long spikes stuck out of Percy's body like demonic quills. Time froze completely this time, cementing the image of the limp and bleeding Percy into the minds of all present. Time resumed its normal flow, and the demigod collapsed to the snow, landing on his back. The white soon turned to red. Bianca screamed, Grover froze his song, Thalia and Annabeth stared wide-eyed, and the Hunters had varying degrees of emotion. Some were stone-faced, some were looking away with closed eyes and clenched teeth. Artemis growled lowly. True, she was not fond of males, but that didn't mean she endorsed the killing of male children. Her silver eyes glowed brightly as she glared at Dr. Thorn, causing the Manticore to pale. The monster began to slowly take steps back. Artemis advanced. "You wretched, putrid, pile of filth. I'll-!" Giggling. Soft giggling, like a child playing hide-and-seek and was having too much fun. The giggling picked up, turning into mad cackles of deranged ecstasy. Percy's body twitched, then his legs flexed, firmly planting his boots on the snow. Then he began to rise . Not pop up, not hop up, not put his hands on the snow and sit up, but rose like someone possessed. His back arched wretchedly, his bleeding arms hung limply, and his head flopped down. His legs straightened out, and then rest of his upper-body became erect. Blood poured from each and every impact point, rivulets of crimson trailing down his face, his limbs, and soaking his clothes to saturation. All the while quietly cackling to himself. His laughter died away, replaced by a strained grin. Amazingly, and disturbingly, the spikes in his body began to fall out , like they were being pushed away from underneath. As the projectiles fell to the snow, a tiny red dot began to shine in each orifice, even the one in his skull. The lights turned from pinpricks to glaring beams that completely filled the holes. When the lights faded, only bloody patches of skin were revealed. Even his eye was perfectly fine. Still soaked in vermillion, Percy grinned with way too much joy for someone who just shrugged off mortal wounds. "That hurt," he said, his voice crazed, "and it felt so good, that I want you to feel it too." Thorn was about to dive over the cliff, when his body suddenly seized up…then he howled in pain, writhing on the snow. The Hunters and demigods watched, transfixed at the spectacle before them. What was going on? How the Hades was that boy still alive? What kind of demigod were they dealing with? "Feel that? That's what your own venom feels like, Dr. Thorn. All those spikes, all that phantom pain, all that poison…that's what you're feeling right now, Dr. Thorn." Percy giggled again. He reached into his right pocket, pulling out his beloved scalpel. He kept his gaze glued to the glaring and frightened and twitching Manticore. "Why so serious, Dr. Thorn?" Percy brought his scalpel up to his mouth, sticking the blade inside of his left cheek. The son of Jashin suddenly turned savage, his purple eyes glowing brightly with insanity. " Let's put a smile on that face!" XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Disturbed? Horrified? In love with it already? Good, very good. This is, without, going to be my most disturbing story yet, even more so than Xenomorphic. Body horror, self-mutilation, child abuse, masochism, alcohol, attempted rape, pedophilia, actual rape, and much more. This isn't rated M, this is rated MA, as in 18+. I shouldn't even be writing this, but here it is. What are Percy's powers? Why does he love using a scalpel? What purpose do his rings serve? Why did he remorselessly murder his own mother? Why so many people? Why so many questions? This is my fifth story my friends…Favorite it! Follow it! And Review!