up, courtesy of your God-fearing parents. SO WHY DO YOU HAVE HORSE LEGS?!" He bleated angrily. "They're Goat legs! I'm a Satyr!" "And I'm a ****ing King of the Faries." Bill said sarcastically, waving the sword above his head. "Hey! I have Goat legs, and the guest speakers here just turned into monsters that become dust when I stab them. Do you have a logical explanation for that?" "Yes. Whatever they put in the water here has finally ****ed up my brain, too." Bill said. "We both know you only drink purified tapwater." Benjamin pointed out. "Then they held me down and put pills down my throat, or they put LXD in the communion wine, or I'm dreaming and I'm about to make out with Twily after I kill you all with my brain." "Uh, No." Benjamin said, stunned. And then he pointed right at me. "If this was a dream, would she be walking around? Or would she be tied up and in stocks or something, while people read real books to her, eyes propped open with razor blades while she's forced to watch good TV shows, a gag in her mouth to stop her from praying?" "Hmm, you have a point." Bill said, glancing at me and imagining dirty things. I put my hands together and prayed to God and asked Him to protect my purity and punish him for his sins, and Bill laughed at me. "But really... Bill..." Benjamin said. "Have you ever seen something you can't explain?" "Tide comes in!" Bill said with a stupid grin, and Benjamin and John grinned and joined in. "TIDE GOES OUT. YOU CAN'T EXPLAIN THAT!" The three laughed at their own stupidness. Everyone knows tides happen thanks to God, just like everything else. I don't know why the three of them keep saying that. Maybe because they don't want to believe in God. Even though God is all around us, and they're just ignorant of how wonderful God is. "But really, Bill." Benjamin said. "Have you ever had a dream you were so sure was real? Have you ever seen something, and known in your heart that you're meant for something more than this?" "Yes, duh. Hi, I'm Bill, have we met?" "Fine! **** the speech! Everything you know is wrong, and you're coming with me to Camp Half-Blood. You're a Demigod, and the monster attack was to lure you here." "I ****ING KNEW IT!" Bill shouted. "So, who's my real dad? Thor? Odin?" "Don't be silly, everyone knows the Norse Gods are a myth." Benjamin chuckled. "ALL GODS ARE A MYTH!" Bill yelled. "God isn't a myth!" I shouted. "He created all of us, even you!" "Shut up, the grown-ups are talking." Bill snapped. I angrily prayed to god and asked Him to strike him with lightning, but not really, I just wanted to scare him and I was thinking to God to beg him to forgive him. Bill just laughed, because he thinks the Devil protects him from God's powers. But that isn't right, because God is stronger. Hr's just trying to annoy me. "So, what's this camp?" "OH MY GOD!" John suddenly screamed, backing away from us and looking around. "You... you killed everyone!" He yelled at me. "What's his damage?" Bill asked John. "Is he the Demigod of idiots now?" "No, he's a Mortal, and the Myst is clouding his sight. We have to get out of here!" Bemjamin said. "First, what is Camp Half-Blood?" Bill said, holding up his new sword. "It's a place for people like you, with Greek God parents." "Oh, sure, GREEK gods. Because endless tales of debauchery and *** all over the ****ing floor is SO MUCH MORE BELIEVABLE than Viking Gods or Ninja Gods or a SUPER-GOD." "Just come with me!" Benjamin shouted, and we both followed him while John sat in a corner and cried like a loser. "Not you, you stay." Bill said to me. "Actually, she's a Demigod, too." Benjamin said, sniffing me. It was weird. "My mom tells me my dad is God." I said. "And she's right." Benjamin said, and I gasped happily. "And we're going to a magical place where all the other Sons and Daughters of God live." I happydanced. "Of course her Dad's a God. I bet it's Eros. Or Hermaphroditos." Bill said, and Benjamin laughed. Bill then clicked a button he noticed on his sword, and it turned into a pen. "MINE." Bill said, putting it in his pocket. The three of us walked out the door, and Benjamin led us to the teacher's car park. He took off his trousers and shoes, and broke the glass by kicking it with his goat legs. He opened the door and unlocked it, and got a twig out of his pocket with a leaf on it, and he put into the keyhole and twisted, and the car started. "That isn't scientifically possible." Bill said, putting on his seat belt and sounding like he was going crazy. "You are not scientifically possible!" I angrily ignored him and put on my seat belt. "Where are we going?" I asked. "Camp Half-Blood." Benjamin said, and floored it. AN- here we go! My first fanfic! Bill and our friends are based on my friends IRL, and we're friends really, but we weren't always friends and this story takes place before we became best friends. I'm also not really a Demigod, but it would be awesome if I was. About the other characters, the story isn't about them, so they had to die. Also there won't be a love triangle like in Twilight because I don't like Twilight. Yes, Edward is pretty, but he's a vampire and he's really old, and Bella is really lame and stupid. My character will be a lot cooler than Bella. The weird stuff Bill says is based on stuff I heard him say and stuff he asked me to put in the story. R+R, and I'll post the second chapter soon!