laughed and walked hand in hand to the dining pavilion, where they separated and went their own ways to their own tables. Percy sat at his table alone and sighed. He got some blue pepsi and gulped it down, soon joining the lines to get dinner. Percy chose to get pizza and walked past the fire, throwing some in. "For Poseidon." The fire flared up momentarily and he walked back to his table sitting down and placing his plate I front of him. He dug in and ate 3 slices of pizza in 5 minutes, and looked expectantly towards Chiron. 15 minutes later Chiron stood up at his table and the surrounding tables fell silent. "Welcome back campers, to another summer at camp half blood." His welcome was met with cheers and wolf-whistles, and he calmly raised his hands for silence. Silence fell and after a deep breath he continued. "We have our usual safety rules, and I wish to talk to the heads of cabins after this meeting has finished. Now, in other announcements we have a occasional replacement for war games." Whispers and murmuring broke out amongst the campers. "Settle down, we will still have fortnightly war games but in between them, we will have a different type of games. With leaders that have already been chosen for each cabin; no dispute." There were a few groans and lots of curious glances around the pavilion. You will find out the leaders in 2 days; and this is cabin against cabin with no allies unless the leader chooses. You are free to leave." He goes back to his table and returns to his meal and Percy clears his dishes and finished his coke, before strolling over to the big house and taking a seat around the table tennis table. Slowly the other cabin leaders trickle in, and Annabeth walks in and sits next to Percy entwining their fingers. Finally after another 10 minutes Chiron comes in and resumes his place at the front of the room. He walks in to be bombarded with questions. 'Who's the leader?" "Is it us in this room?" "Why not usual war games?" Chiron puts his hand up calling for silence and he gets it immediately. "Any questions in a sensible fashion?" Annabeth, who had remained silent with a thinking expression on her face raises her hand slowly. Chiron looks at her and nods. "Chiron, is it possible; I mean it's the only possibility I can think of, that the leaders are in fact the gods themselves?" Chiron beams at her. "A true Athena daughter; yes, they are in fact the leaders. Zeus is allowing the contact for this once; over the summer it will be noted on how it works out as to whether it continues." We all nod. "Now usual duties apply, take it in turns to check the cleanliness of each cabin, and record it. As well as any other duties you may have. We still expect you to be at your chosen training areas daily. Understood?" There were murmurs of agreement around the group. "And I request that you keep it quiet about the leaders; it will be a surprise until the first game commences. Dismissed." The room slowly emptied and Percy stood up dragging Annabeth with him. They went to exit but Chiron stood firmly in front of them. "Come for a walk, children." Annabeth gulped and Percy fiddled with his jumper using the hand that wasn't grasped tightly to Annabeths. They followed the director out of the big house and right through the strawberry fields. Chiron looks to Annabeth. "I trust you've told him." Annabeth nods and leans into Percy, "Yeah he knows." "Good." Percy and Annabeth wait in the silence for Chiron to give his verdict. "Relax, your not my children; Im not going to scold you. Im just curious, if you mind me asking, why were you not more careful?" Both Percy and Annabeth blush furious shades of crimson red. "Well we kinda, um, well, were uh, caught up in the moment," Percy muttered out. Chiron chuckled. "Understandable Im sure, but I'm curious as to how your going to keep this from the gods. Especially with the new games." "Will they be able to tell; from a look?" "Some will, others wont. Armetis, Apollo and Hermes probably will; we've seen it before many many centuries ago. Secret should be safe from Athena and Poseidon though for now, unless the gods find reason to disclose this information to each other." Annabeth swallows and nods. "What are they likely to do; when they find out I mean?" Chiron looks up at the sky and frowns. "I do not know the answer to that, Annabeth. I imagine Zeus will try protect Percy, given what he has achieved but Im not sure the same could be said for Athena. She, to my understanding has enough problems with Percy as it is." Percy gulps and looks startled. "Well then what about my dad; you know, Poseidon." Chiron chuckles,"Percy I am well aware that your father is Poseidon, but I am unsure as to how he will react." Percy nods and the 3 continue to walk in silence back towards the big house. "I'll leave you too figure out what you want to happen, and uh," he coughed and for a moment Annabeth thought he looked uncomfortable,"please, stay out of each others cabins after 10:00." Annabeth and Percy both blushed,"Oh no Chiron we would never-" "Definitely not, we wouldn't-" Chiron chuckled, "Just a precaution, I do trust both of you. Will you be joining the camp fire tonight?" "Do you mind if we talk, sir?" "Yes of course, remember 10:00! I'll see you tomorrow." And with that Chiron trotted off towards the slowly starting camp fire. A/N So please leave any thoughts or suggestions as to how to improve or whatever, and also if I should continue because Im not sure. Thanks heaps for taking the time to read it though! -Demonpoxjohnnyboy