turning away. The seven pups on his back clinged on with their jaws an tiny claws while Gregory and Melancton hung from his lightly clamped jaws. "Percy! COME BACK!" the desperate cry of Annabeth trying to call him to her was the last thing he heard of them for several months. Chapter 13: Walking Death Note Owner13: Updating! 2 ½ weeks old. The puppies were 2 ½ weeks old today. All of the puppies had opened their eyes at seven days old except for Melancton. He finally opened his eyes on the twelfth day. They had all been quite shaken up after their run from the bear but they quieted down afterward. Two days after that when the puppies were four days old, Percy had finally finished digging a properly sized den. On the sixth day he had gone out and marked his territory. Then they had opened their eyes. Now they were 17 days old and Percy was trying hard to contain his excitement. Standing in front of him on shaking legs was Anthony. "Come on Anthony, come to Daddy!" the elder wolf bounced happily on his paws. The young pup looked over at his father, trying to understand him. Percy barked "Come on! You can do it!" Anthony lifted a small paw tentatively and placed it in front of him. He looked over at his father for approval. Percy nearly started howling in joy. He then moved his other paws slowly at a time. One foot. . . two feet. . . three feet. . . four- face plant. Anthony's golden eyes widened as he laid on the ground, his paws splayed out from under him. A whimper started followed by a down right cry. Percy walked over to his crying son and gave him a couple licks between his ears. Anthony cried a little more before he finally quieted down. He lifted his head, golden eyes shining before his nose connected with Percy's. "Come on pup, lets try again." he leaned down and scruffed the young wolf and placed him on his feet again. He backed up so he was five feet away. Anthony looked down at his own paws, over at his dad, then his siblings. All of his younger siblings watched him with wonder and amazement. Their brother was walking like their Daddy. Anthony then turned forward and started to walk. One small step after another. Finally he reached Percy. Percy nudged him over so he was on his back and he started to tickle him. Anthony let out small little yips and yowls of laughter. Percy watched as the puppies played. They didn't go far for they were still unstable in their feet but they were having fun. The point of the game was to try to get a sibling off their feet and pin them. Anthony almost always won but now and then Nicholas would get him down. Percy smiled slightly before looking over at Gregory. He had yet to walk, let alone stand. Even Melancton, the runt, had walked before him. Gregory turned and licked his injured leg. Percy sighed and walked over to his second eldest son. He nudged him in the side. "Come on Greg. Stand up for Daddy." all the puppies looked over at their fathers familiar voice. None had learned the words but they understood the body language. Their father was tense. Gregory looked up and then laid his head down in his front paws. Percy's eyes widened. He was giving up and he would soon die. "No! Get up NOW!" the half blood barked at the pup. Gregory drew back quickly and pined his ears. His father grabbed him by the scruff and placed him on his feet. Greg held his back right paw off the ground but he did not fall. Percy backed up two steps and thumped his tail once on the ground. All the other pups had stopped playing and waddled over to them. They all sat behind their father, all but Anthony and Melancton. Anthony padded up to his younger brother and gave him a lick on his nose. Melacton gave Greg's a gentle nudge. Both of the pups then turned and stood next to Greg. Anthony and Melancton each lifted one paw and placed it in front of them. Gregory watched and did the same. Step by step and a limp, Gregory made it to his father. Percy immediately picked him up and placed him down so that he was sitting and started to lick him lick crazy. His tail was wagging madly and all the other pups saw this. They all gathered around Gregory and gave him yips of approval. He had finally joined the pack. Chapter 14: Paradise Pan grimaced as he held the body of a dead bird. Nature was coming apart at the seams. The god of all things wild frowned as he buried the creature. "Please hurry, young wolf. I don't know how much longer until everything falls apart. Percy did a quick head count and wagged his tail. All of his pups, who were now 4 months old, sat in front of him. "Alright, let's go!" Yip of excitement echoed through the air as the pack of werewolves started up their journey again. Percy knew he had to find Pan, to fix what was happening. It wasn't very noticeable yet, but the halfblood could feel it. The world was dying. Images kept coming to him in his dreams. A world where trees were no more, where people were dying left and right. A world where wolves, along with every other animal species, were extinct. Luna had called the place where Pan resides the wild. Percy now knew what they were actually heading for now. "Paradise." AN: Not a Wolf's Rain crossover. Similar plot. . . but not really. . . Sorry for such a short chapter! I'm alive, but having serious writers block. TELL ME WITH YOUR REVIEWS WHERE YOU THINK THE STORY SHOULD GO NEXT!