Jason, using his tongue to move across Jason and no doubt tasting himself. God this was so hot. The pair made their way over to the bed, Jason falling on top of the boy. "I'd love to," Jason said in between kisses. "But I don't have any lube and I really don't want to hurt you." "Don't be so cautious," the boy said, before reaching underneath the bed and revealing a bottle of unscented, half empty lube. Jason looked at the already opened bottle and felt a little jealous. He'd used the lube before? Just how many guys did he pick up and bring into his little room? Was that Octavian guy one of them? The other boy began to pull off Jason's shirt, since the boy was still dressed, and brought up his lips to kiss Jason's neck. Once Jason's shirt was off, the boy quickly moved to take off Jason's pants and used his knee to press against his erection. The pleasure that shot through Jason clouded his mind. He wanted this. For some twisted reason, he wanted to pound this boy into the mattress. And he was going to do it. As those thoughts swirled through his mind, his penis twitched demanded attention. As if reading Jason's mind, the guy then palmed Jason through his boxers, causing Jason to moan. Jason kissed the boy's lips again, forcing him to lie down before sitting back up and putting his hands on the boy's legs and spreading them. The guy looked at Jason hungrily and soon Jason felt a rush to be inside the boy. He squirted some of the lube into his hand before rubbing it between his fingers. He took the boy's legs and propped them on his shoulders, before beginning to prep the hole. He used his right hand and began to sink in his finger. The boy clenched around him and Jason resisted the urge to say how tight it was. An uncomfortable look crossed the boy's face and Jason couldn't help but feel guilty. He used his free hand to then reach around and begin to fondle the boy's balls and rub the penis with his thumb. He continued giving the boy's dick attention until he could feel him relax and he began to move the finger in and out of the hole. He added a second digit and began the "scissoring motion" that Reyna had told him about. He alternated between the scissoring motion and thrusting the two fingers in until suddenly he hit a spot that had the boy biting hard on his knuckle in order to keep from screaming out. He took out his fingers and poured more lube into his hands, rubbing it onto his dick generously before pulling back a little and allowing the boy's legs to fall a little. He went up and kissed the boy quickly before he thrust his hips and he entered him. The boy was clenching again and was in obvious discomfort. Jason continued to kiss him and took his member into his fist and began to stroke. Once the boy seemed used to the feeling, Jason began to move, aiming for the same spot as earlier. Once he found it, the boy groaned loudly into Jason's mouth. Feeling successful, Jason quickened his pace, thrusting faster and faster until the boy was a whimpering mess under him. Jason also didn't neglect the boy's now fully erected cock, rubbing it up and down. He could feel his orgasm building in his stomach and he quickened his hand on the boy's penis. "I'm-" he managed before he completely filled his partner. The boy cried in ecstasy and cummed for the second time that night in Jason's hand. Out of breath, Jason slowly pulled out before lying down on the bed next to the boy and pulling him close. He wanted to say something. He wanted to tell him how amazing it had felt. He wanted to tell him how this was his first time. Hell he wanted to tell him what his favorite fucking color was. But he kept his mouth shut and pulled the boy close, kissing the top of his head. Then his phone went off. Two weeks later, Jason was rushing down the streets of New Orleans. Desperately searching for the street where "Hades' Bar" was. He had googled the address but was terrible when he came to maps. When he finally did find the address he was stunned to see that the neon "Hades' Bar" sign was no longer up. Instead the word "Finn's" was spray painted in black on a wooden board. He entered the bar, which was quiet since it was still during the day. "Hey! You're too young to be here!" a gruff voice came from behind the counter. "What happened to Hade's?" Jason asked, sneaking a peak at the stairwell he had gone up just two weeks before. "The owner of the joint sold it and moved just after Mardi Gras," he explained. Fuck. "Do you know where?" he asked. "Nah. That creepy guy kept to himself. Plus he hated this place. I'm sure he didn't tell anybody where he was moving." Shit. "Oh. Well thank you," Jason said, backing out of the bar. "Yeah whatever kid," the man said, turning away from the door. Once outside, Jason collapsed to the ground, not believing what he had heard. The boy had moved? He was gone? Just like that? He pounded the sidewalk beside him. He didn't even get his name. Jason didn't know why he was drawn to the boy or why he had gotten attached after sleeping together one night. Clearly the boy didn't care, since he failed to mention that he was moving as Jason had quickly gotten dressed that night, after getting a call from his sister saying they were going to miss their flight, and told him he'd be back. But, for some reason, he still held deep feelings for him. "Shit," he mumbled.