nothing but silence. Never could I have imagined the deafening roar of silence that greeted me when all I asked was 'why?'. That silence said more that any answer ever could. There was power in that show of indifference. The fates decree only the way we will die, they care not for what we will do with our lives. Perhaps in the end they are merciful for ending so many lives short. Surely death is better than to live in this misery." Percy ended in rant in a breathless state, consumed by bitterness and remorse, but also acceptance. "Percy…" a new voice chimed in, only seeming to deepen the broken demigod's madness. "NICO! Surely you of all people understand the pain and inevitability of death!" Percy shouted desperately. "Truly I do, Percy, and if it were up to me I would not choose to endure. We both know you cannot make choices within a vacuum, however." Nico retorted with a somber tone tainting his young voice. A voice that seemed strained with recent mourning. "I don't understand what you mean…" Percy replied in frustration. "When you make a decision, you must consider the ramifications to all relevant parties, Percy. You have decided your life is not worth living without thinking of what it would mean to others if it ended. You wish to avoid the pain of living in a world of death and sorrow, and so condemn others to worse than you would endure. You neglect your duty to protect those who cannot protect themselves, and damn them to suffer in your place. You whine and cry about the horrors of this life, but you do nothing to prevent them. If you believed what you said not moments ago, you would stop at nothing to continue this fight." Nico's voice slowly turned into that of a lecturer, and ended it's rant with a note of finality and conviction that rocked Percy to the core. He had been blinded by his grief, consumed by selfishness, and almost foolish enough to in his final act further the interest of those he had sworn to defeat. His heart seemed on the verge of imploding when he realised he had been on the verge of abandoning the ones he loved to a fate worse than death. In the midst of his revelation and subsequent self deprecating mental breakdown, the fates began to speak again, this time in one voice. "You still must choose your path Perseus Jackson. You have not been spared from death by Kronos' hand to sit and cry about how unfair life or fate has been to you. This is your last chance to decide. Your life string is unique. There are many points at which it may be cut, but this is your only opportunity to do so yourself." Percy opened his eyes and stared at the string still suspended before him. He knew where his life currently was, and where he could cut to end it immediately, but he was horrified by a sudden surge of images. Too fast for him to truly understand, but slow enough to feel the depth of the emotions, he saw the rest of his life span before him. He could see each point where his string could be cut, dozens of future paths that would end his life in one way or another, and he felt the entirety of the pain and loss that would befall him before his death. Unlike when he had relived his past, however, he could also feel the slight splashes of happiness, and Elpis, the spirit of hope seemed to glow brightly from it's container. The shears of fate dropped from his hands, falling several feet before reappearing in the Fate's hands. "Perseus Jackson, we offer you something that has never before been offered to a being, mortal or immortal. Because of the unique nature of your life string, and your decision today, we offer you our blessing, and the position as champion of the Fates. Kronos was destined to lose this war, but has instead created an imbalance. You will be the one to restore that balance… if you are to succeed." The three said in unison. "Ladies of Fate," Percy began. "I accept your offer. I will die for the sake of justice I wil-" he continued only to be cut off by the cackling trio. "Have you learned nothing Perseus?" Clotho said coldly. "We ask you not to die for this cause, but rather something much worse. You must live. You must endure." She continued before the three began to speak as one " Suffering will be your constant companion, pain your sure friend. Misery always with you, until you meet your end. Lives shall you save, but seldom the ones you wish. Many shall you watch in agony, taken by death's kiss. And when your journey comes to close, no more shall you walk this land. Never shall you be seen again, removed by creator's hand. " The Fates eyes glowed a sickly green, and the once calm winds began to bite and whip at the exposed demigod as the trio advanced further into their chanting. A beam of brilliant blue emanated from the Fates and struck Percy in the chest. At first he hardly noticed, his senses overwhelmed by the echoes of the voices of fate in conjunction with the howling winds. Soon, however, all other stimuli his body was receiving was overwhelmed and overshadowed by a new sense. Something that originated near his heart. It encapsulated all that he believed, and all that was his duty to perform. It was his reason for being, having always been present, but only now becoming fully realised. The sense of Fate shone from the demigod, and he could feel nothing else. A/N: That's it! I have no current plans to continue with this story, but if enough people ask for it I will. Any/all criticisms are welcome, I would love to hear your suggestions!