back on stage, smiling. She apologized and started singing again as if nothing happened. But there were thing I noticed. There was a blue-ish mark on her cheek, she was as pale as ever and she was wearing the same clothes. She made it through two songs when things were getting worse. She was standing right in front of us on the stage but not looking at us and I noticed that she looked kind of disoriented and stumbled a bit. "Somethin' 'bout… You… Makes…" She was making breaks after each word and her voice was getting weaker and weaker until she stopped singing completely and looked around confused before her eyes rolled to the back of her head and she fell off the stage right into my arms. Immediately everyone shut up and started panicking trying to get to us, preventing real help from getting to her. I sat down on the ground, placing her in my lap while Thalia, Jason and Ocean were shielding us from the crowd. Where were the bodyguards when you needed them? I felt a pressure behind my eyes and didn't realize I was crying until my tear landed on Annabeth's flaming cheeks. As I went to wipe it away, I felt that she was burning up. I brushed hair out of her face and used my cold hands to try and cool her down a bit, but when I took away my hand I watched in horror at all the make-up I wiped off. But the thing that shocked me wasn't that she was ugly, because she really wasn't, but the large bruise covering the whole right side of her face. Finally the bodyguards pushed through the crowd and brought her on stage where medics took over. As they placed her on the gurney her eyes fluttered open for a second and she leaned over the side and threw up stomach acid. They took her away from me when she needed me most. My suspicions were right. I just wish they weren't. 'Annabeth Chase faints twice on last concert of Demigod World Tour', 'American Sweetheart in hospital again' I couldn't look at those magazines anymore. They wouldn't let us see her, but we needed to… I needed to. If I wanted to help her I needed proof first. I found out where she lived and my blood ran cold as soon as I realized she lived in the house where the old guy had 'imprisoned' me. So that girl with the angelic voice was her. Meaning I was right. No way in hell was there another explanation for all this. She was being abused. I waited until the ugly man left before sneaking into the house. Everything was clean and just like a year and a half ago when I was first here. There was no one there. I quietly ran up the stairs and no it wasn't clean. Not at all. There were old beer cans, dirty clothes and pizza cartons everywhere. The walls were splattered with red stains that could either be ketchup or blood and I kind of knew it was the latter. Also there was a horrible smell in the air. It was sweat, cigars, alcohol, blood and sex. I shuddered at the thought of hat he was doing. I walked to the only open door and gasped at the horrible state it was in. Clothes ripped and thrown on the ground, bloodstains and holes in walls, broken beer bottles, ash and cigar butts everywhere, bloodstained and ripped bed sheets, bloody handcuffs hanging on all four bedposts and a huge puddle of blood leading into another room. I wanted to tell myself that I was at the wrong house and Annabeth was perfectly fine. But I knew that was a lie. I followed the trial of blood into the other room that I recognized to be a bathroom. I gasped. Broken mirror, bloody razor, beaten up, half naked beauty on the ground covered in dried and still flowing blood. "Annabeth!" I choked out and covered her with my hoodie, already calling the ambulance. I tried to stop the bleeding using an old towel, but I was no expert. I started to cry and held her close. "I didn't want this, Percy…" she croaked out and I was delighted that she was awake. I looked at her and wiped away a tear that slipped down her cheek. "I hate those skirts and crop tops and hot pants…" she started coughing and although I told her to save her energy she continued "I had to wear them all the time. Summer, spring, fall, winter… I was always cold, but he didn't care, Percy…" "Please stop… I know it. I understand and I'm really sorry. I never meant to call you slutty, I'm an idiot, Annabeth, and I'm sorry. This is my entire fault I should have known sooner. I'm so sorry… The truth is Annabeth that I love you. I love you with all my heart and I guess I thought that you were just seeking attention, although I knew you have a good heart. And I love you Annabeth! Heaven's sake where is that damn ambulance! Hang on Annabeth. I promise you that everything's going to be fine." She closed her eyes and lost consciousness. But everything was fine. They saved her and I couldn't be more thankful. The police arrested Gabriel Ugliano and he wasn't getting free in the near 300 years. And to make this short; Annabeth thankfully with Thalia, Jason, Ocean and my help recovered, gave up her singing career and gave ¾ of all her money to charity and abuse recovery clinics and all my wishes came true when she became Annabeth Jackson after three years of dating. I know it's terrible but it would mean the world if you reviewed… I really want to know if I'm terrible or just slightly terrible at writing. Also, the best of luck to those going through hard times…