know Neek's, I don't know," I shook my head nut rapped my arms around his waist. "You know, I've never told anyone else that story." Nico twisted so he was facing me, "Why not? There must be hundreds of fan girls that would die to hear your life story." Nico smirked at me causing me to frown. "Yeah, millions would want to hear my tragic tale," I muttered rolling my eyes before starting louder. "Everyone wants to hear my sob story but - (whispering) - I only told you." Nico sighed smiling while I leaned back against stone wall, "you want to stay here the night, like camping?" I asked my nonchalant voice hiding my eagerness to learn more about him. Pov. Nico I nodded, "My sister probably won't mind but I should call her." I dug in my pocket before pulling my black IPhone out of my pocket, "Hey, sis can I stay at my friend Percy's house tonight?" "Sure, but you have to go back to the beach tomorrow." "Of course, but when I said house I meant camping at the beach," I rubbed my head sheepishly hoping she would let me stay. "…" "Sis," I said hoping she hadn't hung up on me. "Can or can I not?" "Is it just going to be you two or others going to be there?" "Umm," now it was my turn to stammer. I was about to reply when Percy grabbed my phone. "Why hello there, is this Nico's sister," he said winking at me as I gapped at him, he really was turning up the charm. "I was really hoping to learn more about Nico's wonder full family. After I met him this morning we hung out and I really find him interesting I thought to myself what better way to get to know each other than hang out for night under the stars. And don't worry it's completely safe, I do it almost every night every summer." I could tell Bianca's defenses crumbling, she really wanted me to find new friends, plus she didn't want to have to deal with me (sigh), and Percy's charm was really working. "Umm, I don't know I have to ask our dad." "Stop it Bianca, we both know that your dad doesn't give a crap about Nico. And neither do you," Percy's voice had changed to a harsh whisper. "You just want everyone to think you do, but I do care." His voice cracked before changing back into a more conversational one, "I always have, ever since I saw the poor kid getting picked on the first day of sixth grade. I'm the one who would've kept bullies off his back if I could, I would've been his friend." "Oh, yeah? Then why weren't you," Bianca asked venom dripping off her words. "Because the only way I could've was if I got the jerks off mine first, but you know what I find really weird-" Percy said his tone matching Bianca's perfectly… except he wasn't just saying thing to get under the others skin, what he said he really meant. "- I find the fact that his sister who was perfectly capable stopping them watched. Bianca you just watched , you watched while they made fun of him, hit him, stole from him. I actually caught you laughing when these things happened to him. But at least he knows now, now he knows everything you've done." Percy hung up on her before turning back to me his face sporting a sad smile. "P-Percy, you knew, you knew everything?" I asked looking at him in shock. "I'm sorry Nico, I really am. But I meant what I said, I've finally got the school tyrants off my back and now I want to help get them off yours," Percy grabbed my wrist. "Everything I said to your sister is true, when I first saw you; you were on the ground picking up your books that Luke caused you to drop when he shoved you. What happened to you and me makes my blood boil, all those other kids were jerks to us." I nodded my head remembering all those jerks. *§ Flashback §* It was the first day of sixth day and I was already getting picked on and, not for the first time, I wished that I could disappear. It was only third period and I already had a black eye starting to form around my right eye. " Hey kid, show some respect," an older boy said sneering at me. "Bow before the queen of da school." I looked up, as a pretty girl wearing a neon pink shirt and white jeans. Her brown hair was pulled to the side and her eyes sparkled multicolored, little specks of green, blue, (I kinda had to use Piper because I forgot every other girl). "Kid, I said bow," the guy shoved me and I fell to the ground, my books scattering. I growled but picked up my books, my eyes on the ground. I snuck a glance back up to find my eyes caught in the grip of a pair of sea green eyes staring back at me. I gasped quietly but kept on going trying not to attract attention. I kept walking but I felt him gaze on me, I risked a glance back up. The guy who shoved me was punching the other kid but his eyes still bore into mine, they were filled with unbridled rage. I shook my head, he couldn't be angry at the guy for picking on me e probably was angry at the guy for punching him. *§ End of Flashback §* I grinned, that was Percy and he was angry at Luke because of what he did to me, not because of what he did to him. "Thanks," I said smiling. "Thanks for caring when no else did." Percy gave me a smiled soft before pulling me into a hug. I smiled and hugged him back.