we were back in camp inside of the Hade's cabin. Percy was looking better than before, the tears were gone and the light was back in his eyes. He was standing by my side with a determined look in his eyes; they looked like the ocean before a storm dark and calm. Uh- oh, whoever that's for better look out (I don't feel that bad), when Percy's eyes are like that he's either really pissed or just daydreaming, I was betting on the first. "Perc, it's time to get revenge on Annabeth," I said smirking before dragging him towards the Hermes's cabin. Conner and Travis would know what to do; those two always have plans for revenge. "Please don't tell them why," those five words where merely whispers so I had to strain my ears to hear them, but when I did they did no more than confuse me. "Perc, why shouldn't I tell them, if they're going to help us they have a right to know why." "Fine but they must swear on the river Styx not to tell anyone until you or I say they can," now Percy's voice was stronger, but I could still hear something else. Something was still up… then it dawned on me, could Percy still love Annabeth even after what she had said? I decided to ignore it for then, it was the least of me concerns. Right now I had an Annabeth to prank and two pranksters to watch so they wouldn't go overbroad. We entered the not-as-cramped-as-before cabin to find Conner (or Travis) sitting on a bean-bag chair, a bowl of ice cream on his lap, "Hey Nico, Perc, what bring you to the Hermes cabin. Anyone you want me and Travis to prank or get revenge on?" I studied him before reassuring myself it was Conner. Then said, "Listen, I need a prank from you guys but no one can find out. And you have to swear on the river Styx not to tell anyone why until we tell you, you can." Conner nodded his head before calling Travis in. Then I told them my plan, Percy listening intently. Conner's Pov. (AN: big shocker right?) Wow. Just wow, never knew that Nico could be so… so evil. Well, that's what happens when you spend so much time in the underworld, you learn new torcher plans. I got to get Nico to take me some time, bring me to the fields of punishment… and Elysium. Hopefully Hade's won't mind. Anyways Conner was setting up while I was left to get Annabeth in the position we had all agreed on, Right under the big oak tree next to the Aphrodite's cabin. "Come on Annabeth, I've got this huge surprise for you," I said luring her in to the trap that she didn't see. "I swear, I thought I saw Percy and Nico there. I think they were talking about someone Percy was into now." She looked pretty interested… or maybe jealous. Jealous, got that Percy was over her, at least that's what Nico said she would be, "Okay, Conner bring me to them." She commanded, I now understand why Athena is a war god as well as one of wisdom. "Drew, would want some new gossip." Wow, thought Annabeth hated Drew and her gossipers, boy she's changed. "Yeah, come on," I said forcing a smile, wow first time I had to do that. "Fallow me." I led a growling and… smirking (?) Annabeth to oak, I looked up into the foliage to see Nico with a bucket in his lap giving me a-thumbs up, that was the signal. I should start hearing Percy and Travis, "Yeah and way his eyes," wait, a guy. Hhhmmm not part of the plan, but whatever, "-his eyes shine or his rare smiles. Whenever I see one of those I-I just feel as though it's just for me." "What!" Annabeth whisper screamed into my ear, thank the gods we were still out of ear-shot. "Percy's in love with someone already!" I was just as shock, I mean I knew he would say something like that but the way he did made me think he meant it, no matter who it was. "I know what a shocker, never expected him to like a guy." "I don't care if it's a guy," Annabeth said waving dismissively before continuing in a more fuming voice. "-but how could he be over me so fast? I mean I'm really amazing and the only reason he defeated the titans, plus it was my battle plan that let him put Ghea." Annabeth was acting like a real jerk, so unlike her. I slapped my hand over her mouth; I didn't want to get caught. I wanted to know who seaweed brains liked. I dragged her into the tree yanking the rope from Nico, who had a confused look on his face. I tied Annabeth to the tree my hand still covering her mouth before reaching for the duct tape that hung from my waste and covered her mouth and ears, don't need her hearing any important secrets. I made sure to explain why, "I need you to shut-up so I can find out who Percy loves, and you're bound to give us way. Don't' even ask about Nico later." I jumped lightly on to the same branch as Nico positioning myself so I could hear, "Travis, I think I'm in love with… Nico (AN: sorry turned into a slash)."…. WHAT THE HADES… PERCY"S IN LOVE NICO! I turned to see Nico reaction to Percy's revelation to find sleeping Nico. He was sleeping through the whole revelation! I would have to wake him up and tell him, wait he wouldn't believe me; he'd shrug it off as a prank. I would still convince him, no matter what. And I have the perfect partner in crime to help me. Link to a great picture that really fits this len4iik . I would really appreciate so reviews.