trying to salvage her hair, and I had my sword again. It was loud and messy and this was truly my element. Children of Poseidon, I was told, knew how to thrive in chaos. Maybe because it reminded us of the sea because of how unrestrained it was, but whatever it was, I was really appreciating it. The water swirled around my feet, and I started to feel my strength come back. I stood tall and ready to win a fight. "Still want a piece of me?" I said. The empousa lunged— —and my sword cut cleanly through her. The gold dust mixed with the water and I had to spat some of it out of my mouth. Monster dust was nasty and it was going to stick in my hair until I take a long shower tonight. "You," I said to the Laistrygonian who was stuck in a toilet seat. I held the tip of my sword up to his chin. "Where is he?" The exchange was happening on the third floor. I may not be the fastest runner but the adrenaline and the energy rush from the water was really helping. "Out of my way!" I shouted at people as I flew past mortals on the escalator. They gave me a wide berth. I wasn't sure what they were seeing, but it certainly wasn't a teenage demigod holding a sword. And as long as the Mounties weren't coming to arrest me or anything, I was happy. I also wasn't worried about not finding them on the third floor because arrows were flying. Literally. The second that I stepped foot I saw an arrow lodged in a large potted plant. More were in the air as the short Virgil Coeur was shouting orders. He was standing on top of a table; the quiver strapped to his back and the bow was in his hands. "Don't just stand there!" he shouted, his face was turning scarlet. "Kill him!" Most of the empousai were gone, leaving one left, and there were two dracaenae that were armed. There was also a lot of gold dust on the ground and footprints. I ran into the fight and let the battle reflexes take over. I wasn't aware of much except for the blood pounding in my ears and the weight of my own sword. Everything was hyper focused and I was getting a Matrix -like awareness when the arrows came too close. Camp training told my body how and when to dodge them, and how to take out the monsters without getting eaten. My body was on autopilot and I wasn't even sure how long that was going to last. There was only so much that a demigod could take. I made the last empousa explode in a shower of ichor and gold: and that was when you could see Archimedes. He was standing near me and had taken down another dracaenae. The dust sticking to him made him into a target, and Virgil notched an arrow in the bow, ready to let it fly. "You've foiled me for the last time!" "We-we've just met," I panted. The adrenaline was leaving and the headache and pains were retuning. There was one monster left, but I really needed to catch my breath. The dracaenae came at my side with a trident in her hands. That actually felt insulting. Archimedes and I got her at the same time. I had my sword in her stomach, and he had his knife in her back. The trident clattered to the floor and Archimedes took his cap off. His blond hair was plastered to his head with sweat, his jacket was gone, and there was a long gash on the side of his face. He wasn't so worried that there was an arrow pointed at him. "Put that down, we got you." "You're being extradited," I said. "Have fun explaining to daddy why you stole his stuff." An arrow was let loose, but we ducked. "Stab him?" I asked. "Politely," Archimedes said. "We're in Canada. We have to do things politely." We both had to hold Virgil as we ran out of the mall. He was out cold after I'd grabbed the trident and hit him over the head with it. Archimedes had put the never-emptying quiver of arrows on, and had the bow in his other hand. That was when the police came and I was disappointed that they weren't the Mounties arriving on mooseback, if that was a real thing. We were outside the mall by the time more police cars came, and we were trying our best to look inconspicuous as were leaving the fair. "How do we know that we weren't hit?" I said. "Those arrows were going everywhere." "I think it's pretty obvious." Archimedes grunted when he almost dropped his side of Virgil. "One little prick on the finger, and Eros was ready to defy his mother and marry Psyche." "Sounds like a great story," I said. "Does this one have bellybuttons and butts, too?" "She became a goddess after dying. There were three trials that everyone wanted her to win except for Aphrodite. It's a great love story." "She became a goddess," I repeated. "Why can't we have that sort of luck? We saved the world and what do we get?" "Life," Archimedes snorted. "As much as I would have loved to design a building, all we get is..." "More danger," I finished. "You would want a building." "I would love to design a building," he clarified. "There's a complete different with the intention." We were outside the fairgrounds, so we dumped Virgil in a pile of snow. He stirred and mumbled something in his unconscious state about revenge. "Ready?" "Yup," I said. I got the locket out. Once opening it, we would all be transported back home with Eros there. "You know, I still haven't seen any mooses yet." "It's moose !" Archimedes said. "For the last time, it's moose not mooses!"