had. Not glancing back to see if they were following what she'd said Katie arrived at the fight as Percy was being thrown into a window. What had thrown him into it was by far the oddest monster Katie had ever fought. It seemed to sometimes to be a pale face lady or forty or so years and sometimes a smoky incorporeal formless shadow. Travis had retreated into the open doorway and was grasping at his bloodied arm an unconscious body she assumed was Leo was laid half in the hallway. She focused on Travis's wound for a second and wished she hadn't. It seemed to have been torn by teeth. The ghost, turned on Katie as Percy tried to stand. While he'd been thrown at the window he been spread so had also hit the sides. Still, the wind seemed to be knocked from him and Travis looked like he was struggling to stand much less fight. She was on her own for the moment. The ghost charged and Katie braced herself. ~(#)~ Despite what people thought of her, Katie was a good fighter. Sure she couldn't compare to people like Percy or Clarisse but she could hold her own. She favoured two short swords because they didn't tangle with each other as longer blades would yet she could still get round an opponent's shield which tended to provide good protection against her right hand but could lead to more clumsy opponents tangling themselves trying to bring it round to their right in order to defend against her strikes on their more vulnerable flank. Better balanced and more skilled fighters could get around this but her unique style still tended to throw many people off balance. Unfortunately Katie liked two things when she fought, space and a solid opponent and when denied both these things she struggled. Space was vital for Katie because a lack of shield meant she was trading protection for manoeuvrability. Nowhere to manoeuvre meant all she was doing was losing protection. The monster screech seeped into her bones making her shiver with fear but she held her nerve and tried to lash out as it approached keeping its talons from her face, giving herself room to think of the myth this creature may have come from. And then she was going to kill it. Unfortunately the ghost woman didn't seem to be in favour of her plan and she phased past Katie's swords and then solidified and tried to rake her talons across her face. Lunging backwards she somehow regained her balance. The creature had to solidify fully when it attacked so Katie tried to bring her swords down on the ghosts head but it was already fading back to a mist. Groaning Percy stood and picked up his sword. "Ugh, I hate ghosts," he muttered while twisting knots out of his back. The monster hissed in frustration. In its moment of distraction Katie lunged, high and low, but it faded, solidified and tried to claw her face again. Instinctively Katie raised her sword arm, she stopped the talons mangling her face but her left arm took the brunt of the hit. Crying out she dropped one sword and retreated clutching at her arm. The ghost cried out in glee, forgetting Percy, it dived at Katie. Percy had been four meters away when he'd stood up, too far away to help. She was on her own. Facing the ghost with only one short sword she switched into more of a fencers stance, allowing her injured arm to stay back. Her blood felt like it was burning and sweat ran into her eyes. The monster slashed at her again and again, Katie fended her blows off desperately. Suddenly it turned into missed and flew through her. Katie felt as though she was breathing glass and she wretched against the pain. Doubled over she sensed the monster behind her. She tried to turn but all her focus was on the pain in her throat. She closed her eyes and waited for death. "Oh no you don't," she felt a hand, wet and sticky with blood dragging her, with relative ease, to the floor. Travis was kneeling beside her as Percy parried the blow and advanced, trying to push the monster away from the two injured Demigods. She glanced at Travis who looked pale and sickly, blood oozed from his wound. He still had a stupid grin on his face. "You owe me," he forced out. Standing Katie helped him to his feet. She turned just in time to see Percy thrown against the wall his sword falling from his grasp as the ghost lifted him from his feet, pressed him against the wall and began to choke him with strength that it shouldn't have. While the choking didn't seem to be having any apparent effect Percy's legs kicked uselessly and he didn't look like he was going to be able to escape by himself. "Anytime now," he called. The ghost flung him to floor with a great crash. It turned to them with hungry eyes. Both Katie and Travis were injured and in no shape to fight this thing. Katie wished she hadn't sent Lou away. "You ready?" She asked Travis, who looked extremely prepared for fainting and not much else. Still he nodded. She was about to say on three but the ghost lacked her patience and it through itself off of them. Katie raised her sword certain it would do nothing when the strangest thing happened. The ghost froze. Its face spasmed, contorting into with effort. Katie noticed the blue energy that seemed to restrain it like chains. It looked like it was trying to turn to mist but the chains must have stopped it. A sword punched through its stomach, as it dissolved it revealed, Percy looking a little red in the face and behind him Lou Ellen looking pale. "Guys," she called, "we need to leave now. " So what do you think?