what I would get them back, those jerks, I doubt they even have a reason for attacking him. We were just through the forest when I saw Nico on the ground blood covered him and the tree goons where running away! But they weren't my first priority; I had to take care of Nico first. He looked worse for wear, I knelt down beside him, "Nico, are you still alive?" What? I was really worried and I knew how bad the triple threats were. I inspected his wounds, they were pretty bad. He had gashes across his chest and burn marks covering his arms and legs( sorry really bad at describing injuries ) and arrow heads inlayed in his legs as well. "Yeah, I'm alive Perc." I looked up from his wounds to see his heavily lidded eyes peering up at me. "Neek's, what did you do to upset the?" "Nothing, I was just getting up when they burst into my cabin. I did nothing to provoke them; they acted like they had permission?" I nodded my head; they did seem to know when I was leaving, who would have sent them after Nico? No one here had any grudge against him. Shook my head, I had to treat him first, I looked around for Conner, He was nowhere around I got up looking for him. I had to get bandages; I started too walked towards the woods again only to find my path blocked by a force field, like the one that surrounded camp. Those jerk Ares camper locked him in, I was pissed. The triple threats would pay for doing this to him. I turned back to Nico and took off my shirt and began to tear it into strips for bandages, I didn't notice the faint blush forming on Nico's cheeks. I gently lifted him up off the sand and began to treat his wounds gently pulling out the arrow heads; I could heal most of them with water from the lake, but some of them I didn't want to risk. I picked him up into my arms, careful not to jostle him and carried him towards the edge of the lake. I kneeled down again but this time I was in the water up to my waist. I will the water to heal him, to fix his wounds, to help him as it would me. I felt a tug in my gut before seeing the water snake over Nico bandaged form. Nico's Pov. I felt a tug on my back, arms and legs as the water took effect, I could feel the skin reknit itself, and the blood wash away. I looked back up at Percy whose face was filled with worry. "Percy, I'm fine. You can let go of me now." I said. "I can walk on my own." I swear I could see Percy smirk at my quip, "If you can stand why don't you get out of my arms yourself." Wait, I was in his arms? Time to start hyperventilating; I shot up from his arms only to find myself feet deep in the water of the lake. I was a little scared; I wasn't in my element and if Percy hadn't grabbed me I could've drowned. This time Percy's hold was firm, not giving me any room to wiggle out, "Nico, I gonna go back to the surface, you have to hold your breath." I nodded and got ready. We were out of the water (thank the gods) and I tried to get out of Percy's iron grip. Percy laughed at my struggles. "Nico, I'm not going to let you go ever," the ending was merely a whisper and I realized that Percy was leaning closer. We were so close our noses touched, I was breathless, and it wasn't because I was holding my breath, "I will keep you safe and you will be mine." One more whisper before our lips met in a sweet kiss that tasted like salt water taffy and the dead's murmured voices. But all that was interrupted when Conner, Travis, and Leo came out of the bushes a small device in Leo's hand and a camera in each of the twin's hands. "Looks like our plan worked," Travis commented to the other two. "Now you know who the crush is Leo, you satisfied?" "Y-yeah, I never expected this, Percy why didn't you tell anyone?" Leo asked Percy who was blushing just as much as me. "Because it wasn't anyone else's business. Anyways if you had a crush or lover, wouldn't you be afraid of rejection or messing up the friendship you already had?" Wow, how long had Percy loved me? How long did he keep this secret? Did he keep this, as long as he kept his others, did he- these thoughts bounded inside my skull waiting for me to speak them. I did, they sort of burst out, "P-Percy, how long have you kept this secret, as long as the others?" Oh crap, oh crap, Percy would kill me for mentioning his ex and his mother. Percy looked down at me (I was still in his arms) his eyes sparkling instead darkening, "No, I kept this one longer." I was surprised to say the least until Conner interrupted. Conner asked suspiciously, "What other secrets are you keeping Jackson?" At this remark Percy almost looked… afraid? Key word almost, he still kept his brave act. "What my secrets are for me to know and you hopefully never to find out," he said coolly, he turned his head to me. "Nico, do you want to go back to your cabin?" I nodded; now that I thought about it I was drained. Percy gently put me back on my feet, though I still had to lean heavily on him. Together we walked back to the Hades cabin, now welcome to the son of Poseidon, leaving the two sons of Hermes and one son of Hephaestus behind, all three confused.