be a good idea to tell Nico about Gabe. The poor kid seemed troubled enough already. On the other hand, Percy didn't want to keep secrets from Nico. Why was that? Percy wondered. Nico was leaving in the morning. They probably wouldn't see each other ever again. But still, Percy felt like he should tell Nico something. Not a lie, but not the whole truth, either. It would help Nico focus on something other than the pain when Percy cleaned his cuts. He gently took Nico's arm, which held several relatively deep cuts, and dipped a cotton ball into the antiseptic. "Well," He began again. "I was raised by my mom, since my dad died before I was born." Percy began to clean out Nico' s cuts as he spoke. "When I was young, I was alone a lot because my mom had to work hard to support us." Now that the cuts were disinfected, Percy wrapped them in soft white bandages and gauze pads. "I just don't think any kid should ever have to be alone, that's all." He finished the wounds on Nico's arms and gave him a smile. Nico nodded sadly. He knew about experiences changing the way you think, much more than any person should. "Got any more cuts that need attention?" Percy asked. He did; he had a lot more, actually. But none were too serious, except maybe the ones on his back, but he didn't even want to take off his jacket, much less his shirt. But he had taken off his coat, and now he pulled it back on. "I'm fine," is all he said, quietly. Percy had a nagging suspicion that Nico wasn't being honest, but he didn't press it. Instead, he began to clean up the first aid supplies. He glanced up when he heard Nico speak again. "Thank you. A-a lot." he nodded in thanks and tapped the back of Percy's hand with his forefinger. He didn't know why, he just felt the urge to take it; hold it. But he didn't, and to make sure of that, he shoved his hands into his pockets. "Do you…I-I should go." "You don't have to." Percy heard himself saying. He glanced up and quickly met Nico's eyes, which looked so exhausted Percy wanted to curl up just looking at the boy. "I mean, the offer to stay the night still stands. It hasn't gotten any warmer, and no offense, but you look like you could use a good night's sleep to get your strength back. I could sleep on the couch, and my mom's shift doesn't end until five in the morning, so you could sleep a few hours and…" Percy realized he was rambling. He snapped his mouth shut, his face flushing. "Sorry. If you want to leave, you can." Nico didn't protest or even agree necessarily, simply accepting that he would stay the night. It's not like he wanted to leave - he did want to stay, he was just afraid. Afraid that he'd get hurt, that this was a trick or that Percy would change his mind halfway through because thiswasn't possible. No one was ever nice to Nico di Angelo. "No," he said quickly, not even confirming that he was staying. "I-I mean, it's your house. You should sleep in your own bed. I-I don't want to make things any harder for you, just, like you said, I can't really go back out there and -" "Hey." Percy said softly, putting a gentle hand on Nico' s shoulder. "It's okay. Really. I'll sleep on the couch, so I can keep an eye on the clock." He reasoned. Percy's room didn't have an alarm clock. "Seriously, don't worry about it. It's only one night; it's the least I can do to give you a bed to sleep in." "But you don't owe me anything," Nico was genuinely confused. "What do you mean 'it's the least you can do?" Percy rubbed the back of his neck, tilting his head to the side. Technically, that was true. Percy had just met Nico. Why did he feel the need to help Nico so badly? "I… I'm not sure." He admitted. "I just…" Man, this was hard. Percy wasn't used to talking about his feelings. "It's just not fair that you have to go through this." He said finally. "You deserve better." Nico just sighed and looked down. He used to think that he did deserve better, but now, not so much. Bianca's death was his fault; he shouldn't have let her go off like that. He should've protected her. It was his fault that he was like this - homeless and running from monsters; he was the one that ran away. It was and always was his fault. "No," he said quietly. "I don't." Percy frowned slightly, his bright eyes darkening. "I don't think that's true." He said. Nico was just a kid, how could he possibly think that he deserved this life? The way Nico was talking reminded Percy of what Gabe would say. 'If you listened better, I wouldn't have to punish you.' 'You just had to disobey me, didn't you?' 'It's your own fault, kid.' Percy set his jaw and shook his head. "That's definitely not true, Nico." He told him. Nico just shook his head. It wasn't worth the fight, and he didn't think he could handle one right now. He sighed and rubbed his face wearily. "Fine, but if I am staying. Can I go to bed now?" He probably sounded whiny but he didn't care. He'd act like a real person once he had some food and rest, he decided; for now, he slept. Percy nodded, deciding to let the topic drop for now. "'Course." He answered. "I'll be right outside if you need anything. G'night." Percy stood and left, closing the door quietly. The fourteen year old dragged himself into the dingy living room and collapsed onto the sofa with a yawn, falling asleep instantly.