they were so close. Percy had known Nico for years; Jason was closer to Nico than anyone else besides Hazel, who was Nico's older sister. That would just be cruel. Of course he didn't think it would be easy to watch someone die, but he didn't think it would be quite this hard. This was just painful. Leo's attention turned back to Nico when he heard the boy start coughing. The coughs were weak and hoarse, from his chest rather than his throat. Then blood dribbled from his lips as he slumped against Leo, who held him close, terrified, and unsure what to do. He couldn't do anything to help Nico; they were too far beyond that point. It was all he could do to hold him and whisper comforting lies, telling him that everything would be okay. But they both knew that wasn't true. "L-Leo," Nico wheezed, hands grasping at anything they could find. Leo grabbed his hand when it grasped at the wound in his stomach because when he did, Nico made a pained noise. Leo's lips trembled as he saw the tears in Nico's eyes. "I don't-" Nico whispered but choked, cutting himself off and he shook harder than ever. "I don't want to die..." Leo swallowed and shook his head. "It's okay," he lied. "Everything's gonna be okay. You're gonna be fine." Nico shook his head. He sniffed and took a few shaky breaths. "Don't lie to a dying boy, Valdez," he whispered, weakening again as his coughing had stopped. He'd stopped moving other than his shivering and gasping breaths; each breath was a struggle. It was painful for Leo to watch. "L-Leo? ...Jokes...w-will you tell me those jokes you had?" Leo wasn't expecting that, but he nodded. "Yeah, o-of course," he had to stop to think for a moment, taking another minute to regain his composure enough to speak. "S-so when's the best time to go to the dentist? At tooth-hurty! A-and what did the tree say when..." Leo trailed off when he realized Nico had stopped moving. "N-Nico...?" The younger boy was still leaning on Leo's shoulder, but he was no longer shaking, nor struggling to breathe. Leo realized that was because he wasn't breathing. Leo's breaths became thick as he was filled with fear and tears welled up in his eyes. He fearfully looked to see Nico's face. His eyes had closed. His face had lost all color and his lips were already turning bluish. There was still a stain of the stream of blood that trickled from the corner of the boy's mouth, and Leo watched as one last tear fell down Nico's cheek. Leo choked on a sob, covering his mouth and shaking his head. "N-Nico," he gasped, tears starting to fall. "Nico, n-no, please d-don't...you can't..." but Nico was gone. And no amount of begging or crying would bring him back. Leo broke down in tears, turning and burying his face in Nico's hair. He held Nico close, cradling his lifeless body in his arms. And he cried. It was almost an hour later when the others ran into the shelter. Percy burst in first, followed by Jason and Frank holding an already-crying Hazel. "Nico, I-" Percy stopped in his tracks. Still in the same spot they'd left him in, Nico was slumped against the wall. His head was hanging, eyes closed, lips, hands, shirt, and the ground around him covered in blood. Leo was pacing on the other side of the room, covering his mouth with one hand and shaking his head, muttering to himself in Spanish. He looked up when the others came in, eyes red, his face full of pain though no longer crying. His lips trembling as he looked up at the others who stared back at him. He couldn't speak, he didn't trust himself to without breaking down. Finally he just shook his head and turned away again. "H-he's gone?" Jason whispered, but Leo didn't respond. He just squeezed his eyes closed, struggling not to cry. Hazel burst into tears and Frank held her close. Jason punched the wall hard enough to make it crack. He then cursed and held his fist, clenching his jaw and closing his eyes tightly trying not to fall apart. Percy was frozen, staring at Nico's dead body in shock. His brain didn't seem to have registered that Nico was actually dead - he was gone. Then he fell to his knees, tears streaming down his face. Piper was crying and Annabeth tried to comfort Percy but he shook her off. They all stayed like that for a while. Even when they got back to the ship everyone was quiet, mourning over the death of their friends. There were too many losses to celebrate the end of the war. There was nothing to celebrate. No one understood why Leo reacted the way he did over Nico's death. They all thought that Leo was scared of him; none of them knew the truth. They didn't know why he locked himself in the bunker for weeks after they got back to camp. Why he cried every night and blamed himself for Nico's death, thinking if that he hadn't lied and just helped him sooner, he wouldn't have died. No one understood why Jason seemed continuously angry with Percy, who'd fallen apart after Nico's death. Even after Nico was gone he kept his promise; he didn't tell anyone Nico's secret. Even Hazel was surprised at their reactions as well as her own. The others were too; they thought that her being the daughter of death, and having died herself she would be more accustomed to it. No one had realized the difference Nico made until he was gone. Leo kept thinking that this was just a terrible nightmare, that he would wake up the next morning and see Nico sulking in the corner and everything would be fine. But Nico di Angelo was dead, and he didn't think they'd ever be 'fine' again.