had finally managed the only thing in between her and Percy's glorious manhood was the thin material of her black thong. Percy leaned forward and nipped at her neck, his warm breath tickling her skin. "This won't work at all." He whispered, tugging at the band of her thong. A giggle escaped Annabeth's throat while she tangled her hands in his hair. "What do you suppose we do?" She asked, biting her lower lip. With a sharp tug, Percy ripped the underwear from her body, grinning like the roguish teenage boy he was. Annabeth gasped, her eyes widening in shock. "I'll buy you some new ones." Percy answered her silent question. Annabeth smiled, leaning forward and kissing him senseless. His hands roamed her body, gently cupping and squeezing her creamy breasts, then moving lower down her flat stomach to the junction between her legs. He teased her with a flick of his finger and she gasped loudly, holding onto his chest for support. Percy watched her, while she closed her eyes and parted her lips. Gods, she was beautiful. Perfection. His. She tilted her head back, the tips of her curly hair falling over her shoulder. Annabeth breathed harder while Percy pleasured her, the slickness of her core coating his fingers. He delved into her, groaning at Annabeth's sharp intake of breath. "Wait." She whispered into the enclosed space. Already the air was sizzling around them, the window of the door steamed up from the heat coming off their bodies. She reached down towards his wrist and tugged. "I don't want this to be over too soon. And if you keep this up…well…" Percy grinned and touched his wet fingers to her lip. He was completely floored when she took them into her mouth, swirling her tongue around and lighting him up even more. "I want to be inside of you, Wisegirl." He growled between his teeth, shifting her position just a little. His throbbing, aching erection touched her core; Annabeth arched her back, grabbing onto the sides of the lawn chair with both her hands. Percy groaned, dipping his head towards her breast and suckling her tight nipple into his mouth. A shiver ran through her at the feel of his tongue on her tender skin. Gods, how she wanted him. Now. Annabeth reached down and grasped his hard shaft in one hand. Slowly, carefully she lifted herself just a little before guiding him into her core. Percy groaned while he closed his eyes and laid his head back against the chair, gripping her hips with both his hands. Annabeth moved in a sweet, tormenting rhythm. She leaned forward, nipping at his lips, staring into the depth of his emerald green eyes. Their breath mingled as Annabeth hurried her thrusts, the feel of Percy inside of her almost too much. "Wisegirl…" A husky whisper, a plea almost. He met her thrust for thrust, while their eyes were locked. And with a suddenness that surprised him, he felt a surge run through his body, a tingling at his back that rose up his spine and into his limbs. With a jerk and a loud grunt, his muscles tightened, the tendons in his neck snapping taut while he squeezed his eyes shut. He released within her in a rush of total bliss. Annabeth kissed him. A passionate kiss – the kiss of eternal lovers. She cupped his face in her hands and pulled back, smiling at him. "It's kind of hot in here." She whispered with a mischievous glint in her dark eyes. "Think so?" He asked on a sigh, leaning back in the chair and feeling…good. Annabeth snuggled up against his chest and sighed. She felt content just being with him this way, listening to his steady heartbeat, to his breathing. "You are very spontaneous, Wisegirl." She laughed. "With you, always." They sat there for a long while, caressing each other with feather light touches and small kisses. Until Annabeth tensed and sat up with a look of utter astonishment on her face. "What?" Percy asked, alarmed. "Shh." And then he heard voices. He couldn't put into words how grateful he was that the window was too fogged up to see through. "Oh…crap." Annabeth rubbed her forehead and the look on her face made Percy laugh. Until he recognized the voices and heard what they were saying. "Why would someone leave their pants lying around?" Annabeth giggled, laying her head in Percy's shoulder while she listened. "Might have fallen out of someone's bag." Pause. "These look like Percy's pants, Thalia." Annabeth bit down on her lower lip to hold back bubbling laughter. "Nico, everyone has black pants. Leave them and let's go." "Thals – these are Percy's pants! You don't think…you know…him and Annabeth -" Percy cringed but chuckled, burying his face in Annabeth's hair as he pictured Nico's perturbed expression. There was a sudden silence that stretched on for minutes. "Come on Deathboy." They heard Thalia's words. "My gag and bondage are laid out and was hoping you could use that sword of yours…" Annabeth sat up and grimaced while Percy did his best not to laugh out loud. "I didn't want to hear that!" Annabeth whispered. "At least Thalia got your Nico away." Percy said, listening to their receding footsteps. "Imagine if they had caught us like this." Annabeth chuckled. "Yeah. Not so good." She leaned forward and kissed the tip of his nose. "I wouldn't mind staying here a while longer, you know." Percy arched a brow playfully. "Oh?" "Yep. Because…" She trailed a finger up his stomach. "I can't get enough of you. You're like a drug and I'm completely addicted." "Well." Gently, he grazed her lower lip with his teeth. "We wouldn't want you to suffer withdrawal, now would we?" Annabeth laid her arms around his shoulders and smiled. "Never." Percy knew, every time he now set foot into the little shed… yeah, it had a completely new feeling to it and he liked it.