of a long fall. "I'm not jumping without you!" Annabeth cried, tears welling up in the corner of her eyes. "They'll just have to kill us both!" They turned together to face their attackers. The men slowly approached them now, swords glinting wickedly in the moonlight. Percy set his jaw and squared his shoulders. So this is how it ends he though dryly. Looking at it now, a noose doesn't seem all that bad really. "No," he said defiantly. "They won't." He swept Annabeth up into his arms and kissed her smack on the mouth, only pausing a moment to lock his eyes with hers before throwing her to the other side of the gap. He drew his saber and spun around once more, ready to face the onslaught. "PERCY! NO!" Annabeth screamed as she landed. She landed wrong on her ankle, pain flaring up and down her leg like lightning. She knew she wasn't making it back onto the other roof to help Percy. She whirled around to look for Percy in the tangled scene of battle, but could not get a clear look at him. She'd catch a glimpse of a shock of black hair or a flash of his blade as it rained down upon his enemies. For the most part, he seemed to be winning against his attackers and was simply finishing off the last few. Annabeth crawled back to ledge and was about to try and cross when she heard a sound that shattered her heart like so many pieces of glass. A resounding explosion of a rifle being shot, followed by an even more deafening silence. The sharp, bone chilling sound of metal hitting stone, clanging like a great bell as it came to rest on the pavement. And the worst sound of all: the muffled thud of a body hitting the ground, much like a dead branch striking upon the hollow earth on the coldest night of winter. Annabeth's heart froze like a block of ice. No. He can't be. He can't be! Percy! Annabeth scrambled to her feet, her injured ankle forgotten in her haste to find Percy. After jumping back across the gap, she scrambled to where she last saw Percy standing. She found him lying there, a hole punched through the fabric of his coat in the center of his chest, a trickle of red blood leaking from the ghastly wound. She put her hands over the hole finding his body to be cold to her touch. Oh gods, he's dead! Annabeth took his head in her hands and started to sob uncontrollably. "No! NO! NO! This wasn't supposed to happen Percy! You were supposed to live with me. We were going to be the best pirates. Together! You can't do this now dammit! I-I-I love you, Percy. So much. I wanted so much for us and now…." Annabeth broke off into heartbroken sobs that racked her whole body as she curled into a ball on the ground. Leo, Piper, Hazel and Frank all came out onto the roof, weapons at the ready, but found no one to fight. Instead, they found Annabeth curled into a ball, weeping over the corpse of the now late captain, surrounded by the remnants of his final battle. The group gathered around and each spoke a few words on his behalf, saying that he was a true hero, despite being labeled as a criminal by the royal navy. A man of strength and loyalty, an adventurer in his prime. Loyal until his last breath. Everyone bowed their heads in a moment of silent reverence for their fallen friend. "Well that was all very touching, but it'd be swell if someone could help me up now. This roofing thatch is simply full of chiggers that I'd rather not get to know better." Annabeth lifted her gaze to the body lying in the center of their circle, unsure of who she heard. "Percy….?" She asked weakly. Slowly, Percy's now not-so-dead body sat up and regarded the hole in its chest with passive interest. "H-how...?" Annabeth stammered out, her voice failing to work as her brain struggled to find an explanation. Wincing, Percy took off his shirt to reveal a thick steel plate, a small hole punched into the center of it. Gingerly, he pried the plate off of himself and removed the bullet that was buried less than a half-inch deep into his flesh. Percy tossed the projectile to Frank, who caught the object with a start. "Your "bulletproof vest" needs more iron." he said flatly, giving everyone a dry grin. He turned to Annabeth with that self-assured smirk on his face. "What do I always say? Nothing's ever as it seems when you're with p-" Annabeth launched herself at him pummeling him with fists and words alike. "YOU-YOU- IGNORANT, UNBELEIEVEABLE ABSOLUTE-" Annabeth was unable to finish her thought as Percy gave her such an intense kiss that Hazel, Frank, and Piper blushed and averted their eyes while Leo laughed uncontrollably. As the two separated, Percy leveled his sea green eyes with Annabeth's stormy gray ones. "And I love you too, Annabeth Chase." He said with a smile. Annabeth, her brain not even near in shape enough to come back with a witty retort, simply kissed him again. - Several Days Later- "How's the starboard side look, Chase?" Percy called out to Annabeth from the wheel of The Trident. "Clear, Captain!" she replied, giving him a small smile. "No storms coming in, no Navy chasing us, no killer pirates bent on plundering everything in sight-" "Aside from us, I presume?" Percy interrupted with a grin. Annabeth rolled her eyes at him. "Aye, aside from us." Percy clapped his hands together in delight and wrapped his arms around Annabeth's shoulders. "Splendid! Nothing but my ship, my girl, and a beautiful ocean. Does life get any sweeter than this?" Annabeth chuckled and planted a kiss on his cheek. "Just wait until tonight, Seaweed Brain, then you'll see." Fin