on her feet. Annabeth grabbed Percy's hand and led him in the other direction, towards the stairs. While fending off an attack from Piper, Leo had caught their movement and couldn't help but bring it to the group's attention, "Don't let Coach Hedge catch you alone again, lovebirds!" Travis perked up, "What do you mean again ?" "Oh good, story time!" Katie squealed as Leo dove into his version of the story. A light breeze washed over the Argo II as Percy and Annabeth climbed to the open deck. The moon was full, the stars were bright, and there was not a cloud in the sky. Festus creaked and happily spewed flames as they approached the bow. "Well, another crisis avoided by the great seven," Percy lamented. His voice dripped with sarcasm, but his eyes twinkled as he wrapped his arm around Annabeth's waist. "Listen, Percy, I'm sorry I froze back there. Clarisse struck too close to home. All the memories and pain flooded –" Percy interrupted her by kissing her full on the lips. When she broke away, he replied, "It is okay, we took care of it. You don't have to do everything, Wise Girl." "Neither do you, Seaweed Brain," She cooed softly. Both of them stood silently for a while, looking over the bow at the camp below. They were finally home. Percy ranked this moment near the top of his favorites, not quite touching his and Annabeth's reunion at the Roman Camp, but above when they had been fished out of Tartarus. A happy thought dawned on Percy. He jumped and hugged Annabeth tight. "That's it!" Annabeth looked utterly confused. When he didn't elaborate, she prodded, "What's it?" Percy calmed a bit, "Well, at least I hope that's it. I mean, think through all the Greek myths you know. Who's left?" "We are, Kelp Head. The Gods survived, and so did we." "No, that's not what I meant," he was stunned Annabeth hadn't figured it out before him, "We've beaten Kronos and the Titans and Gaea and the Giants, what's left? In our lifetime there couldn't be another prophecy, another war, because the real baddies will be dust until long after we are gone." Annabeth frowned when he said gone, but laughed a bit when she realized he was right, probably . "Percy, if we've learned anything, it's that the Fates don't like us very much. Don't jinx it." She wagged a finger at him but smiled. "I don't care. They've done their worst, I know it. Yeah, there will always be monsters, but nothing we can't handle together." Her stormy gray eyes grew bright at his last word and she kissed him, "As long as we are together." Percy couldn't remember the last time he saw her smile like that. The exchange was momentarily ruined when Hazel burst onto the deck, followed by Frank and Jason, who were calling after her. She looked panicked, and Frank had a worried expression, but it appeared to be concentrated on Hazel. Jason looked like whatever had happened was nothing to freak out about, which put Percy at ease. Hazel's eyes swept the deck frantically, before she rushed over to Percy, "Did he come up here?" Percy and Annabeth exchanged a confused look, and Frank explained when Hazel began wheezing, "Nico's gone." "Define gone," Annabeth requested. "He's not on the ship anymore. This was the last place we hadn't looked," Hazel answered, seemingly recovered. "So? It's Nico we're talking about," Percy replied without really reflecting on the events of the previous hour. Jason and Frank scowled and Annabeth punched him lightly on the arm. Hazel looked horrified, "After what just happened downstairs, Percy? After you left I spoke to him quickly and we went back to everyone. A little while later I noticed he wasn't in the room anymore. We searched, but…" Her voice faded and a single tear rolled down her cheek. Jason looked as unsurprised as Percy felt. Frank and Annabeth were only concerned about Hazel, who continued, "He didn't say goodbye, not even to me. He's just gone." The five of them hung their heads in silence. They all felt for Hazel. All of them had missed an important goodbye at least once. Percy remembered when Annabeth had been dragged off the cliff by the Manticore, when they had first rescued Nico, and that Nico never got to say goodbye to his beloved sister, Bianca. "Maybe that's a good thing," Percy surprised everyone, including himself, by breaking the silence, "I mean, no one likes goodbyes right? This way, Nico's not really gone, he is somewhere. He's just not here right now. We'll see him again." Hazel pondered this for a moment, and then gently hugged Percy, "Thanks." Jason clapped him in on the shoulder, "Wow, didn't expect that out of your mouth, Percy. Annabeth maybe –" "But not from a Fish Face," Frank completed. Everyone laughed, and Frank turned bright red, not expecting a joke like that to come from his own mouth. The three turned and allowed Annabeth and Percy to have their privacy. Annabeth looked up at him, "Percy Jackson, that was one of the most intelligent and sensitive things you've ever said. Do not make a habit of it," she said with a huge grin. "What? But you always call me an idiot!" Percy exclaimed. She laughed, "Yes, but as long as it doesn't endanger our lives, then you're a cute idiot, Seaweed Brain." Percy sighed, "Why can't you make just one thing easy for me, Wise Girl?" "Because I promised that I would never, ever make things easy for you. And I, for one, keep my promises," She said, the happiness practically oozing from her voice. They kissed, and Percy let himself melt into her. For the first time in years, they were safe and happy. They were home and with their best friends, but most importantly, they were together. Percy didn't intend to let a single one of those things change.