so... coupley. He knew it was stupid, that Jason would never look at him like that but he felt that jealousy hit hard it was something to focus on that wasn't the possibility of Percy dying right this second and feeling it crash on him like a wave. "Hey, what you said about Percy. Are you sure?" Jason stared at him imploringly and stepping closer until he was in the son of Hades personal space. "Yeah, I don't mess around when it comes to death man and not when it's you know..." Nico looked up only to be swallowed in Jason's blue eyes. If only he could actually sink into them then he could disappear in there forever. Right now he really wished he was taller he didn't like how Jason looked down at him. "Right I wouldn't think you would Nico but… but the spider he pierced Percy here." He touched Nico's neck where Percy had been pierced by the leg of the spider and he nearly jumped out of his skin at the contact. Nico fought hard to hide his blush and shrugged Jason's hand off. He found out Jason had cold hands Nico placed his hand where Jason had touched him and rubbed it because it was tingling a lot. He hated crushes. When he looked up Jason looked a little hurt as he held the offending hand that had touched Nico close to himself. Nico would have felt bad if Jason hadn't looked so cute with his kicked puppy face. "But you didn't actually see him die either and I'd like to think that I of all people could be trusted to know such things after all my father is kind of the lord of the dead and all." His voice cracked at the end going a little higher and gods he hated puberty. "Yeah I know and also since you love him." Nico could have sworn Jason looked a little jealous but that was just his selfish minds playing tricks on him. "Gods where would he have gone where?" Jason scrubbed a hand across his face and sighed. "Hey uh you should probably you know get some rest you look like death warmed over and I should know." Nico awkwardly poked him in the arm. "Besides looking for someone when you're tired isn't going to help, you know? I'll be around too to help so if you need anything I'm available." "Yeah you're right." He sighed and yawned causing Nico to yawn in turn really out of all the things to be contagious. "No use when I'm dead on my feet. See you in the morning, I will see you won't I?" Jason pulled Nico into a hug and whispered the last part into his ear causing the hairs on the back of his neck to stand on end. "D-dude," he sputtered turning a nice shade of crimson but not bothering to push Jason away. "Shut up I'm just glad you made it back safely and you've given me the best of news besides the fact that you're safe." Nico felt Jason's arms tighten around him and then the son of Jupiter kissed the top of his head. He felt his mouth come unhinge and just hang open. "Whoa!" Nico pushed him back only to see tears slipping down the blonde's cheeks. "Whoa… don't umm cry I can't promise that it'll be ok but I can promise that I will help in any way I can. We will find him no matter what. Dead or alive and you know more than anything what he means to me." Damn puberty making his voice crack awkwardly all the time it wasn't because he was about to tear up. "Thanks Nico." Jason breathed into his ear sending a shiver down his spine yet again. They parted ways and Nico snuck a second glance at Jason before he went back into his cabin. He would find Percy. That night Nico cried. PERCY While he was falling and his neck was on fire from the pain and the wind hitting it he wondered if it would hurt or if he'd die from the hole in his neck before he hit the ground he really hoped that it was the later. Percy thought it sucked that he'd die like this. He thought he might get to live until he was an old man with Annabeth the girl who was his best friend but not the love of his life. He regretted hiding the fact that he liked boys and maybe he would have come out but that wasn't going to happen now. He closed his eyes waiting for the eventual impact but just as he thought it was over the end never came instead it felt like he was being pillowed on something soft, weird. When his eyes opened so did his mouth. It wasn't that he'd stopped falling it's that he just continued to fall beneath him was no longer the rapidly growing land. It was like being out in space the ground could not be seen and around him there were no clouds to be seen, nothing like someone had erased everything. The pain in his neck disappeared and when Percy moved to touch it he found that the wound was gone and the skin was not rough from scabbing and his shirt had long dried the blood was the only reminder. His insides flipped, this didn't feel right. It felt like he was surrounded by evil something he had fought before. The feeling he had now was what he felt when Kronos had used his powers to slow time. It was making him sick and the stomach dropping sensation of falling wasn't going away anytime fast either. "Gods someone help me please." He clasped his hands together and prayed. He wouldn't cry he wouldn't give up not now, no way. "Anyone please help me." "Jason, Nico." Percy cried. ….. A/N: This pretty much ignores Blood of Olympus. =D