Athena finally spoke "Apollo we agree that father must be brought to justice but what of the shame it will bring to us? If this were to get out we would be pitied and scorned for breaking or vow of virginity." Apollo sat there for a moment stunned at what Athena had said. After a few moments of thought Apollo said "Athena, Hestia I want the both of you to know that while I cannot even begin to understand you situation I do love the both of you and wish no harm to come to either of you. However, that being said I must ask you how do you feel now that it has happened to someone else that it has happened to Artemis? How will you feel when father does this to another goddess? Is your want or need of not being pitied so great that you would let this happen again when you now have a chance to put an end to it?" Hestia and Athena looked at each as if having a mental conversation and finally turned to Apollo and said "you are correct Apollo this should never have happened nor should it happen again, but Athena and I believe we need to include Demeter and Hera in this as they have been affected by it as well. It should also help with Artemis when she wakes showing our support of her." For the first time in hours Apollo gave a small smile and said "you are indeed correct and I am thankful for your help in saving Artemis and bringing father to justice." Line Break While the gods where in the other room discussing how to go about seeking justice against their father, brother, and king, the victim of his latest assault began to slowly stir. The once beautiful silvery eyes of Artemis began to flutter open. As she was opening her eyes Artemis started looking around the room to see if she could recognize her she was. After a moment she realized that she was in the hospital wing of her brother's temple. She asked herself why she would be here and suddenly remembered the vicious act committed against her by her king and most importantly her father. Suddenly a scream of utter desolation could be heard throughout Apollo's temple. The scream brought the gods to the side of Artemis immediately. Once they arrived they found Artemis uncontrollably sobbing with her knee's up against her chest screaming in pain. Apollo was the first to act and said "Artemis it will be alright we are here for you." "How! How can it be alright!" yelled Artemis "you do not know what happened! What that disgusting pig of a man we call our king and father did to me!" "Artemis! Artemis! Please calm down!" said Apollo trying to get Artemis's attention. "And we do know what happened. I found you before you could fade and the help of Hestia and Athena we saved your life." "Why! Why did you not just let me fade it would be better than facing the other after what has happened! Yelled Artemis "Artemis!" Yelled Hestia "do you truly think that you are the only one this has happened to because if you do you are sorely mistaken I can assure! And what about your hunters? What would happen to them if you had faded? They would be left at the mercy of vicious males such as your father, do you really want that to happen?" Although she was still crying Artemis took in what Hestia was saying and sat there contemplating what she had just said. After a while Artemis looked up at Hestia and said "you are right Aunt I cannot and will not allow the actions of so vile a pig make me fade. But I must ask you what did you mean when you said it had happened to others?" Hestia slowly look towards Athena who slowly nodded in agreement then Hestia said "Artemis you are not the only goddess your father has raped. He started with Hera and shamed her into becoming his wife, he then raped Demeter which as you know resulted in the birth of Persephone. He Threatened me into allowing him to raped me by threatening Athena's and yours virginity and finally even though he swore to me he would not do it he raped Athena and now it seems he has taken you as well." The expression on Artemis's face changed from one of sadness and loss to one of irate anger and yelled "he did what!" "Please do not make me repeat that Artemis it is a very painful memory." Said Hestia Artemis's gaze changed from one of righteous fury to one of compassion and understanding and said "Aunt I did not mean for you to repeat it again I was in shocked that it has happened to so many of us. However, we must do something to show him the error of his ways." "We were discussing that very thing when you woke up and started screaming" said Apollo. "We are going to ask that Demeter and Hera join us. They have known Zeus longer than we have so maybe they will have some much needed insight that will prove valuable." "I would prefer to keep this between us but I see your point. Perhaps we can talk with them later after I have rested some more." Said Artemis "Of course sister that would be just fine. It will give us the chance to summon them to my temple." Said Apollo "Apollo, wait" said Artemis "will you please stay with me while I rest I would feel safer if you did." "Anything for my lil sis." Replied Apollo "Hestia, Athena, can you gather the others and have them meet us here in two hours? That should give Artemis enough time to sleep." Asked Apollo. "Of course we will find them now and inform them of the meeting" replied the two goddesses.