bandits and other pirates before, famous and dangerous alike, but he'd never bothered to keep track who they were before any of their encounters. He looked around to find his crew mates, but they were no where near the deck. He'd guessed that they were probably ransacking the small ship. He stole a glance at his ship. Conflict was occurring. Somehow, bandits had managed to hop towards his galleon, leaving Leo Valdez and Nico di Angelo in defense of the ship. Percy didn't worry too much, he trusted his friends, and he knew how strong they could be. Percy had grown tired of the tension between Scatron man and himself, so he charged. Their blades locked, a piercing shriek as bronze and steel collided. Percy could see the man smiling through the gap between their blades. How and old man could be so strong, Percy had no idea, but he figured he didn't have much time to figure it out. Each of them pulled back their blades, losing the lock. Scatron thrusted his cutlass, aiming towards Percy's heart, but he had side stepped just in time. Percy slashed in a wide arc, damaging scatron in the knee. The old man howled in pain, but regained himself immediately. Suddenly, he was a killing machine. Scatron swiped and slash, lunged and thrusted so fast, Percy hardly had enough time to dodge. He'd gotten cut by the bandit's blade several times, but that didn't stop him from keeping away. The old man had driven Percy to the edge of the ship, leaving him no where to dodge, so he tried blocking with all his might. Percy felt the waves hitting against the crumbling wood like pounds from a vibrating drum. He felt the ocean churning, renewing himself in its essence. Now, he didn't mind a dip in the water once in a while—in fact it would have revitalized him—but he figured now wouldn't be the best time for a beauty bath. He felt a tingling sensation in his gut, a slight pain as if he felt the ocean calling for him. With one big scream, a tidal wave rushed over the him, nearly tipping over the smaller ship. The wave had been so powerful, it had knocked Scatron off his feet, sending him sprawling to the floor. He looked both astonished and disgusted, as if Percy had slapped him in the face with the world's largest tuna fish. The bandit was about to stand until Percy put the tip of Riptide on his neck. A whimper escaped Scatron's throat, but the old man scowled as if he had newfound hatred for Percy. "Poseidon scum," spat Scatron. "The gods shall fall. Their reign in the world will end, along with their pathetic little demigods. He rises again. And when he does, you better find yourself hiding before it's too late." Percy had no idea what he was rambling on about, but he felt that it must have been important. "That's flattering, do you mind being more specific about who 'He' is?" The sinister smile on Scatron's face made Percy feel a little nervous, as if he were planning a deliciously gruesome death for him. "The Great Lord, of course. The Master of the Abyss. The Crooked One. " Percy wasn't the smartest of guys, but he was pretty sure those titles meant something extremely powerful and dangerous. He was about to press the old bandit on, but Hazel ran up to him with an abundance of shining gems and gold inside a sack. "Captain!" She called. "We managed to take everything on board. Piper is already back on the Curse with Leo and Nico, and we should be heading back too. I've got a feeling this ship won't last longer." She was right, of course. Percy was sure the export was decomposing in a way. Once every few minutes you could hear the clashing of wood falling into the ocean, or the creek of one of the mast's daring to drop on top of them. "Women on a ship!" cried Scatron. "A disgrace to sailing under the Black Flag. They bring bad fortune!" For some reason this angered Percy. He hated when other people trashed on his crew mates. "Oh, really? What are the odds? Looks like we seemed to turn out luckier than you." He glanced at Hazel to see if she was offended, but her face was blank of emotion. "Let's go back to the Curse," He told her. "The rest are waiting." "What about the bandit?" She asked. "Leave him here. He'll find out a way to survive." Despite his anger toward Scatron, Percy still hope he would survive the wrecking ship. Sure, he'd caused them a lot of trouble, but he was still human. They had left the old man glaring at them as they crossed on board to the Atlantis's Curse. Leo and Nico stood triumphant over downed bandits, the same ones who had tried to interlope their ship. Leo had a confident grin on his face as his crew mates returned, while Nico just leaned against the foremast, giving his sister a small smile as she walked toward them. "Leo, head course to Ogygia." Percy ordered, "We'll need to restock on supplies and make some repairs." Leo frowned at Percy, obviously sensing something wrong. "You sure about that? I mean, didn't we plan a few pits stops at some villages?" "Those will have to wait, pal." The mood on the Atlantis's Curse was jolly. They had won, acquired a ton of cash, and beaten a hoard of bandits, yet the warning that Scatron had given Percy worried him. Still, we didn't feel like killing the happy mood among his crew mates just yet. If anything, they earned it after some hard work. Which was another reason why he wanted to head back to Ogygia, they needed rest. Percy stared at the orange glow of the ocean as the sun set into rest at the base of the sea.