I don't have my swimming costume," Leo said blandly. "Neither do I!" Calypso leapt up and ran to the sea shore. Leo followed, dazed at her sudden change of mood. "Swimming in the sea surrounding Ogygia helped me relax whenever I felt especially sad," Calypso explained. She glanced at Leo. "How about it?" "Uhhhh… does that mean we'll have to take off our clothes?" Leo said stupidly. He felt his cheeks burning, perhaps literally. "It's OK, it's dark," Calypso giggled. "What, you scared? Surely I can't have found Leo Valdez' weakness?" Leo couldn't turn down a challenge. He began to undress and Calypso followed suit. But he tried not to look, to be respectful – despite Calypso not having said he couldn't. When he heard a splash of water he finally stole a glance; he caught a glimpse of her bare back and waist. Even though her immortality was being questioned, she looked like a goddess underneath the gentle moonlight. When the water level reached just above her chest she called out to Leo to tell him to hurry up, and who was he to disobey? The water was cool and biting, but it was bearable and refreshing. He waded over to Calypso and stopped when they were standing face to face. Leo was slightly taller than her, which was always an ego boost. "You know… they say the water feels less cold when you put your head under," Leo said, but found himself whispering. It was as if any sound could ruin the captivating sight in front him. "OK," replied Calypso, her gaze fixated on Leo. At once, in sync, as one they submerged into the water. Out of interest, Leo tried to create fire in his hands. Much to his shock, it worked for a split second. But that was enough for it to light up the water, and Leo saw… well, a lot. When they resurfaced, Leo immediately began to apologise. "Schist, Calypso I didn't realise that would actually work, I swear, I'm not a pervert!" Leo babbled. Calypso silenced him by placing a finger on his lips. "It was both ways," she said, and Leo swore she winked. He swallowed. "So… you're not gonna kill me?" "Please! You've done far more annoying things," Calypso assured. "Just think of it was a quick preview." "P-Preview?" Leo stammered. But Calypso only laughed, and started swimming further out to sea. They didn't go Camp Half-Blood next. Festus treated them to another rollercoaster ride à la bronze dragon, and they stopped off in Lisbon. After that, they nipped over to Venice (no way were they going back to Rome after last time), followed by Berlin, Bern, Vienna and Budapest. They encountered a few monsters but it was few and far between, and it seemed like even the few they met were half-defeated already – Gaia's fall was still hitting them hard. They ran out of money in Lisbon (Leo had run dry of euros and of course Calypso didn't bring any money), so as a source of income Calypso sang as a busker. Her voice was so hypnotic and captivating that she earned enough to treat them to a restaurant and new clothes. Leo was as mesmerized by her voice each time as he was the first time. It never got old. While enjoying the sunshine in a countryside in France, Calypso asked again. "I really want to see Camp Half-Blood, Leo," Calypso sighed. She was wearing a green sundress she had bought at a market stall, and she looked wonderful in Leo's opinion. "I ought to go," Leo admitted. "So why aren't we?" "I'm having too much fun with you," Leo grinned. "So am I!" Calypso assured. "But it seems amazing there… being around people who are just like us." She was right. Leo had robbed her of the right to be around other demigods long enough. It was time for them to go, and Leo to face his friends after being dead Gods know how long. He wondered if Apollo was still in trouble with the rest of the Olympians (maybe he was sent to Camp Half-Blood to replaced Dionysus? That would be hilarious). How was Jason getting on with building all those shrines for all the minor Gods? Were all the couples still together? Leo hoped so, then he wouldn't feel so bad when he rubbed his new relationship in their faces. Indeed, he knew his life was destined to be with Calypso. But this would be in the treacherous world of demigods – more importantly, with the rest of his best friends. "Let's go then," Leo said. Calypso blinked. "Now?" "Yeah! Why not?" He got up and strode over to a snoring Festus. "You ready for a long journey, buddy?" Festus snorted sparks. Calypso hurried over, ecstatic. Leo felt his heart stop for a second when he looked at her. Dying had totally been worth it. They hopped on and with their regular stance of Leo holding on and Calypso wrapping her arms around his torso. Close was comforting, and now, no longer awkward. "Let's go!" Leo yelled, and Festus shot up into the air and soared. The familiar rush of the wind as they gained height was nothing compared to the euphoric swelling his chest as he knew he was going back home, with Calypso by his side. He wasn't sure what the Gods had in mind for his future, but as long as Calypso was there at every step of the way he was going to hit the ground running. Behind him, Calypso screamed with fright, thrill and joy. "I LOVE YOU, LEO VALDEZ!" she roared, rivalling Festus. "I LOVE YOU TOO, CALYPSO!" Leo bellowed in response with no fear, no shame and no pretence. In that exact moment, with Calypso clinging onto him for dear life and Festus spewing out healthy flames of fire, Leo could've died happy. A/N: Hope you lovelies enjoyed it, please review to make me a little happier! :)