was shoulder length now and it seemed no matter what he did he could not tame his hair, in the end he always gave up and left it a mess, it's not like it looked that bad. Last he looked into his own eyes; they were dark, almost black and let little light in, although that could be due to where he was. The Underworld didn't really have natural lighting lest you count the river of fire and various torches. He walked away from the mirror and to his closet, he had no idea what to wear, perhaps black and black. Staring at the copious amounts of black clothing and the odd blue piece here and there he just grabbed for whatever. He came out with black skinny jeans and a black T with a, low and behold, skull motif on the front. It was so original he could spit. He even had matching black socks; he grabbed his boots and pulled them on. Once ready he spared a look in the mirror, gee if he put eyeliner on he could be Goth, what a shocker. Nico left his room to eat breakfast. Joining his Father for breakfast was always interesting. Between eating his marshmallow only cereal, could he even call it cereal? Of course he could, that is what the box said after all, and Demeter practically shoving stalks of wheat down his throat it was nice. He still supposed she wasn't all that bad but the woman seriously did not want to see that her daughter might be remotely happy with his dad; Demeter could really get on his nerves. One good thing came out of being in the Underworld so often, he and Persephone actually sort of, maybe, kind of liked each other. At least she wasn't threating to turn him into a weed again. Nico had to say that really liked Persephone, after she had calmed down and they had their really weird heart to heart she wasn't all that bad, kind of like Hera he supposed, sick of all the demi-god children their husbands had. But that wasn't to say that he didn't still have nightmares about bees, although now it was popcorn and bees. "Nico, you need to eat cereal. I do not care what the box says, that" Demeter pointed to his breakfast. "Is not good, you need to eat more wheat, you'd do better if you did. After all it was because of the wheat I gave you that you have grown into a nice young man, so much better than my dear brother." Hades and her gave each other stiff smiles and Nico had to roll his eyes, seriously where they in the third grade or something? He glared at her as she ate her grossly healthy breakfast; there wasn't even any sugar on her cereal, "healthier" she always says. Marshmallows were breakfast, heck sometimes Percy had fucking ice cream, oh what he wouldn't do to see Percy all tied up buck naked with ice cream on his body ready for Nico to like off, he really needed to stop that at least in polite company, gods Percy can be such an imaginary tease. That son of Poseidon always had to invade his brain and do things to little Nico he wasn't so sure he appreciated, it was hard enough knowing that he could never have the beautiful boy. Seriously he was a fucking parasite and he just happened to latch on to Nico's every train of thought. He tried to mentally squash Percy into a corner of his subconscious, as usual it failed miserably. "Father," Nico spoke up gaining Hades attention, "may I leave the table?" He had finished his cereal, marshmallows, just not the milk it was always gross and sickly sweet. He waited as his father gave him a slow nod and small smile. Hades wasn't stupid, he knew something was wrong with Nico and when he found the source of his sons constant sighing and bad tempers he would crush it without a second thought. Well of course unless Nico really didn't want him too, whatever was going he was going to find out. He had a feeling that his wife already knew, maybe he would consult her later. "If you're going up to the mortal realm bring a jacket, it's getting cooler." Nico just raised a hand in response to Persephone. It was weird how the goddess cared for him, not unwelcome in the least and just almost, like a real mother would. Nico actually kind of liked it, it reminded him that some gods were bigger than not liking a demi-god simply because of whose it was, he really was fond of Persephone, he would never admit it though. Stalking to his room again he opened his closet, he'd be damned if he didn't listen to her. She could get weirdly worried about him. Nico grabbed his aviator's jacket off the first hanger to the left and slipped it on, that should do the trick. Since, well he can't remember when, but, the jacket had actually been fitting him properly instead of always falling off one shoulder when it wasn't zipped up. Nico thought he looked like he should in, not like a little boy trying to wear his father's shoes or something to that affect. Finding his iPod in the pocket he untangled the headphones and stuck the ear buds in. he thumbed through his collection of metal and rock and settled for Avenged Sevenfold. He pressed down on the song "Nightmare" and cranked up the volume as the music began to come through the head phones Nico turned to find a shadow. He stepped into it not really thinking of where to go. When he heard the obnoxious noise and many interesting smells he realised where he had gone to. Great way to try and put Percy out of your mind when you shadow travel to the fucking city that demi-god lives in.