now rookie. Oh, one more thing, I said you can call me anything, but my actual name is Cain. Time to see if you're worthy of being called Demon." Cain smiled evilly before pushing Percy over the side of the wall and down into the arena. The drop wasn't high and certainly not large enough to cause Percy even the slightest amount of discomfort. "Which one am I supposed to be fighting?" He shouted up at Cain, slowly feeling around his pockets for something that he knew should have been there. Within seconds he was holding Anaklusmos. It was comforting to know that no matter where he went, so did the sword. "All of them. A Demon could easily break down any amount of Angels, don't you think?" Cain grinned, drinking the rest of his beer in one go. Percy was starting to think that he was just drunk and wanted to see his friends slaughter the Hero of Olympus just for fun. "I think you're taking this too far, but what the Hades." Percy muttered to himself with a shrug before rushing towards the closest person. She was his height and had long thick black hair that was tightly pulled into a pony-tail. She had a shield and a spear like how Thalia would fight. Percy had beaten Thalia before, even while she'd been boosted by the Hunter's blessing, he could beat this woman who had a gaze so sharp that he was certain it could do more damage than the huge spear in her hands. Just as he'd been about to strike out, he was forced to defend at the last possible moment when that huge spear came crashing down on top of him. His whole world went black and that was the last thing that he remembered. The woman took a long few seconds just looking at the body in the sand at her feet. "Are you sure you got the right one?" She asked in an accent that was quite similar to the one belonging to Cain. Their leader of sorts just sighed heavily, "For the last time, I don't choose who gets the mark. The fact that he even has a black mark is enough confirmation for me, as it should be for you. I'll just have to train him until he can beat you back without even batting an eyelash." Cain shouted, his voice serious and not to be provoked. Percy groaned in his unconscious state. "Only time will tell." The woman answered quietly, once again looking at the body by her feet from behind her gold colored eyes. She didn't ever have high hopes for those who were chosen by the mark, in her mind no one could have gone through anything as traumatic as she did, but everyone else kept their stories to themselves, despite the fact that they were the only ones that each other had. "Laurette, play nice. Put our Demon somewhere he can rest, he's going to need it as I'm going to force him through Hell when he wakes up, but right now..." He announced before turning his back on the arena and started walking towards the archway of stone that stood just slightly taller than himself. "I'm off to the pub." He smiled to himself. It was always the small things in life that made the days go smoother, especially when you were an immortal who had to protect a world where true threats hardly ever surfaced. Yeah, that pub was definitely a good idea. Still, Cain couldn't help but think back to the unconscious son of Poseidon in their home. The summon that he'd received was one that he'd never seen before. The one who was giving Cain orders must have seen a huge amount of potential in the boy because right now Cain couldn't help but agree with Laurette, he wasn't all that impressive, but no one ever was when they first became an Angel. Cain had to be fair to the boy, he'd not even gotten halfway through his transformation into being one of them. Those who called themselves Angels only registered the fact that they were finally complete in their transformations once their eyes had turned pure gold. One of his Gods had called him a Demon... On the same day that the mark had claimed him. That wasn't a coincidence, that was someone playing games with destiny. So they believed the son of Poseidon to be the one who could become a Demon among Angels, did they? Lauretta was right, only time would tell. Cain would think on it while having a pint and watching from afar how the boy's Gods dealt with his disappearance. He was sure to have some fun with a few of them, perhaps he'd even directly meet some of them and tease about the boy's return. One thing was for sure, he couldn't wait to see the kind of monster he'd be turning the boy into, one with so much hidden potential that they were going to gain the title of Demon, Cain couldn't wait... After all, in all of his life living with the Angels, only he had ever been given the title of Demon, perhaps that was why the son of Poseidon was being set up to Cain training him. Perhaps there were further plans for the two of them to lead the defensive against a threat that Cain couldn't imagine them being able to defeat alone. Now, onto far more important matters... What kind of beer did he fancy? A/N: This is going to be a really slow story, so I'm hoping that you guys stick with it because I know you'll all love it. I need some feedback though, how are my concepts? How are my OC's? I'm gonna try and get quite a darkness on the characters in coming chapters. Oh, and I'm unsure of the pairing so far, but I'm pretty much known for my Pertemis, what do you guys think?