too much trouble, did he?" "No more than usual from what I've learnt," Reyna replied, "How did you too meet?" "He tried to stab me when I was blowing my nose." Reyna looked a little horrified by that, so Rachel quickly backtracked. "It was a fake sword he bought for his sister in a gift shop. He accidentally whacked me with it when I blew my nose and apparently scared him." Reyna let a small smile slip onto her face, and Rachel thought it was absolutely breath-taking. Little did she know that Reyna couldn't tear her eyes off Rachel's bright smile either, completely enamored by it. She couldn't remember the last time she'd felt so shy and flustered around a girl – that was a lie, she remembered. It was when Percy had introduced her to Annabeth, but she liked to pretend that it had never happened – but found that she didn't mind too much. "That's quite a story," Reyna chuckled. "I have plenty more to tell if you have the time." Reyna had all the time in the world, but she didn't want to seem too eager, so she shrugged her shoulders and looked away. "I suppose I do have some time to spare." Rachel grinned and began recalling every interesting story she could remember, determined to keep Reyna smiling. By the time the gallery had closed, they were both breathless and grinning, oblivious to the fact that Percy and Annabeth had left literally five hours ago. They'd spend hours upon hours talking about everything and nothing, from how the fact that they both were technically Percy's ex was hilarious, to Reyna's love of horse riding and Rachel's love of art. They'd even had a debate on whether Greek mythology was better than Roman mythology, and Rachel was glad to say that she had won that debate. But now they both out in the cold, no Percy to be seen, and neither of them were ready to go home just ready. Both desperately thought of a reason to try and stay together for longer, and it was Rachel's stomach who came up with the answer. It suddenly made a loud noise, and Rachel realised that she hadn't eaten in ages. "Hey, you wanna go grab a McDonalds or something?" Reyna smiled and nodded. "Sounds fantastic. The food they had there wouldn't fill up a guinea pig." "I know, it's like they want you to starve!" "They probably do so they can steal your money and made you into art." "…Why did you say that? Now I'm imaging dead bodies trapped in the statues." "Could've happened, you never know." Reyna rolled her eyes and tried not to smile. She failed miserably. "This just makes me thing that you're using your love of art to disguise the fact that you're a serial killer," Reyna joked. "Ugh, but killing people takes time and effort. I'd rather just let other people do it." They both laughed, ignoring the people around them who were more than a little disturbed by the strange conversation the two girls were having. Eventually, they found a McDonalds and got some food to eat. "Think we look a bit too posh for this place," Rachel chuckled, "The guy at the desk looked like he wanted to ask if we'd got lost." Reyna snorted and tried to pretend it was a cough. "I know that guy, and that was definitely what he was thinking," she said, "He's my friend Nico, and he's never been able to get me to eat here before. I always tell him that he couldn't get me in here even if he bribed me with a million dollars… which he did once." "I once bribed Percy with 2 million to be a model for my art class. But he said there was no way in hell that he was going to sit still on a stool for an hour, buck naked." "Understandable. I'm not sure that's how I'd want to spend my weekend either." Rachel frowned a little. "You'd be a great model though." "…Would I?" Rachel gave a look that simply said 'what the fuck?' "Have you ever looked in the mirror? You're gorgeous! Of course you'd be a great model!" Reyna nearly chocked on her food. "Um, t-thank you." "…You sure you're not up for sitting on a stool naked for an hour?" "In front of a bunch of strangers? No thanks," she replied with a snort. "Who said that you'd be in front of strangers?" Reyna gave Rachel a long look, trying to work out if Rachel was implying what she thought Rachel was implying. "…Are you asking me to sit naked on a stool for an hour in your room?" "Well, bed or stool, I'm not picky." Reyna gulped deeply, registering that this was not the kind of conversation to be having at god knows what hour in a McDonalds. "…Bed sounds comfier." Rachel sent her a downright sexy grin, and Reyna fought back the urge to lean over and kiss her until neither of them could breathe. "Yay," Rachel cheered, "But I'm not into the whole one night stand thing, so are you up for maybe… doing on a date?" "Yes," Reyna answered a bit too quickly, "I-I mean sure. Sounds good. We could meet up in Starbucks next week." "Or Friday?" "Or Wednesday?" "Tomorrow?" Reyna found herself nodded and smiled at Rachel, who was beaming away. They knew they had to go home sometime however, and after exchanging numbers (and a chaste kiss on the cheek from Rachel) they got a taxi and went their separate ways. Rachel was buzzing, and ready to thank Percy all over again for his brilliant idea. Really, people didn't give him enough credit for how brilliant he was. But Rachel couldn't help but send one text before her phone died on her. Goodnight Reyna xx ;) - Rachel Goodnight Rachel x - Reyna And that was enough to keep her smiling all night.