then you wouldn't have to look for someone to replace him in the ranks. It's also a lot less paperwork" Reyna crossed her arms from beside Nico. She wasn't supposed to be she was sitting in the Queens chair. Needless to say they were all pretty informal. "I don't know Rey, it seems little cliché to me." Frank said. "Torture is last century, kill'm and grill'm. We just sent him back to Purgatory is all and besides it's not like I do the paperwork anyway." Nico grinned at him. Hazel rolled her eyes. "I'm glad you two get along so well to exchange killing methods." "You make it sound like they're two little girls passing their dairies back and forth… huh guess they are." Reyna and Hazel chuckled. "Never going to let me live it down even though it happened when I was fucking five years old, gee you guys way to make me feel all warm and fuzzy here." He rolled his eyes. "That's what friends are for sweetie. We're to make fun of you free of charge, steal your food, make you uncomfortable, you know friend things." Reyna put on her best Cheshire cat grin and aimed it at Nico. "We should go topside, I hear they now sell frozen yogurt." Reyna looked up to stare at Hazel. "Wait let me get this straight, frozen yogurt? They do that? Oh man I've gotta get me some of that maybe they have little chocolate and almonds or something." Reyna hopped off the Queens throne her two gold and silver dogs following her at her heal. "Yup and many more kinds oh but sorry Nico they don't serve death with sprinkled torture." He stuck his tongue out at her and tumbled from his oh-so-comfortable, not really, position upside-down on his father's throne. Hazel and Reyna snickered as he stood up and dusted his clothes off. "Oh shut it you hyenas." "Topside will have to come later someone's doing some heavy hocus pocus up there." Frank squinted as he held a note that had magically appeared in his hands. "Says here… whoa, whoa, whoa that's… These guys must be into witchcraft really heavy. For Hell's sake if they are at this level you'd think we would know about them already." Nico snatched the note from his hands and quickly read it over. It read that what someone was attempting topside and it detailed the summoning ritual. "Calm you pants Frank it won't work. There are so many mistakes in this thing that the most it will do is make the room smell bad. Who informed you of this?" He wondered why it wasn't given to him specifically but he figured because the lesser demon was smart enough to know this ritual would never work. Reyna snatched it from him and read through it as well then passed it to Hazel. Her golden eyes moved from line-to-line. "You know sometimes I wish the people who tried this shit weren't I don't know, weird or crazy. You know what I mean?" Hazel made eye contact with Frank. "You know like a cute boy with dimples, maybe curly hair and brown eyes, like the one who managed to summon us for all of ten minutes some years ago. What was his name… Valdez or something like that." Frank couldn't agree more. "Oh dear lord we're going to hear about the missed opportunity for days now." Reyna grumbled looking petulantly to the side. "Don't even remind me. Remember who took the brunt of the moping and had to do ice cream runs all the time. Those two simpering imbeciles didn't even think to just I don't know go topside and jump his bones." Nico didn't want to hear another ten years of moping and regrets. "Well I wasn't allowed remember dad freaked out when someone actually managed to summon not only Frank but me as well. So he put me on lock down and sent his underlings to collect anything that could possibly be used to bring me topside." Her golden eyes were shimmering with sadness as Frank silently wrapped her in his arms. "Ugh gag." Hazel glared at Reyna. "You two are just mad because you don't have someone. You're still single and dads been bugging you both to find someone." Reyna had an interesting relationship with the lord of the Underworld. He was like a strangely caring distant uncle, sort-of, if you squinted really hard. Frank was smart and kept out of these kinds of fights. "Yeah, yeah; alone forever and all that shit. Don't need to hear it from you princess." Reyna growled out. While the rest of them continued to bicker Nico felt a strange surge in the pit of his stomach. This was a feeling that had only happened once before when he was a child and ran away to the topside. His father had used a summoning spell to get him back which, for the record, is totally cheating. He put his hand out to cease the bickering. "Guys, we might have a serious problem. That not-so-dangerous summoning spell is working. It's fuck'n blood magic, the vilest of kinds too. Whoever this is they're going to suffer at my hands." He felt the binding magic slither around his skin and then worm its way under. Judging from the irritated groans it was happening to them too. "See you guys' topside." Frank was going to fillet whoever summoned him alive. The magic wormed its way to his strangely still beating heart and curled around it nearly suffocating it before it poured out the summoners blood into his body, his heart. In effect it married them and oh did he want a divorce. "Yeah see you there." He closed his eyes and let the magic pull him where it needed. This was going to be so much fun. …. A/N: Umm the ritual is totally bogus. =D Oh and did anyone get what I did with the candles? Huh, huh anyone?