throw better punches. "Good lesson everyone. Tomorrow we'll work on staying light on our feet." She picked up her bag, and as she was walking away, I caught her eye, and she nodded at me. I don't know why, but I grinned at her. Turns out, that wasn't the only surprise of the day. When we got to dinner, our Praetors had an announcement to make. "The time has come for another quest." The dining hall broke out into low murmuring, but when Philip raised his hand, it fell quiet again. "There have been rumours that a distance slab created by the Sixth Legion during the building of Hadrian's Wall has been found. If these rumours are true, then we must find it and bring it home. As you all know Hadrian's Wall marked the north-west frontier of the Roman Empire. So why is this slab so important? Well apart from marking the completion of a section of the hall, these slabs were also imbued with protective spells by the Vestal Virgins, strengthened by their blood sacrifice. It was hoped that this magic would protect the empire from the barbarians and the monsters of chaos of the north. It worked. Now one of these slabs has resurfaced. If we can find it, and bring it back, then we could use it to reinforce the borders around New Rome. This is exactly the sort of extra protection we could use right now, with the Titans on the rise." There were stunned gasps, and expressions of disbelief, of fear, and of hope from the campers. They were terrified. If there was something that could protect them, we needed to bring it back. Before they could get too loud, Philip continued. "One hero has already been chosen for this quest. As a son of Jupiter, it is only fitting that Jason Grace goes to reclaim his brother's legacy." I had to try very hard from groaning. Would they ever stop expecting so much from me? It won't go away you know. People won't stop expecting things from you . Great, now I even heard her voice in my head. Philip was staring at me. I knew he expected me to go up there and act all solemn and pleased that I was given this great honour. I tried my best to fake it. If Reyna can fake not being angry, you can fake being happy, Jason. Get it together. I had begun to follow her example. Little did I know I'd come to rely on her for much more. I stood beside him and he clapped me on the shoulder. "The omens have been read. The gods approve of this choice. Who will join him?" I knew Dakota would volunteer but before he even had a chance to open his mouth, a tiny, twelve year old girl was piping up from the back. "I'll do it, I'll go!" I frowned and when I looked at Philip, I was glad to see that he also looked puzzled. Good, I didn't want to trek across country with a grumpy girl who was just as likely to spear me in my sleep as save my life. "Sit down, Ramirez," someone shouted from the front. "You just got here." But she didn't. She stood up on the table and stared down at us all. "Every single one of you has had the chance to prove yourself. To prove your loyalty and love for this city. Let me prove myself to you now. I claim this chance." Gods, did she really buy into this 'for the gods and Rome' bullshit? No one actually believed in that. But whatever her beliefs, this twelve-year-old girl looked really impressive, staring down at us all like that. But the more I looked at her, the more I started to notice something else. One hand was on her dagger, the other clenched in a fist, her mouth fastened in a tight line. She was terrified, but here she was, volunteering anyway. She was either really eager, really brave, or really stupid. Anyway it was clear she felt like she needed to prove something to the rest of us. "Reyna. No one doubts you, but you just got here. You need more training," Philip said calmly. She snorted. When she spoke, her squeaky little voice rang out, tinny, in the hall. "Everyone here doubts me. I know. I see the way you all look at me. You don't trust me. Well when I bring your golden boy back to you safe and sound, you'll know you can trust me." I rolled my eyes. Yep, definitely trying to prove something. For starters, more mature than she looked. I wondered why. This girl was a mystery. Philip was about to say something else, but she cut him off. "Look, from what I understand, there hasn't been a quest in a while. Which means that most of you have been stuck in camp for a while. I was on the run just a few days ago. I know what it's like out there. I'm smart and resilient. Jason will need my expertise. I can do this. I know it." Most people still looked doubtful, and I was about to tell Philip to shut this down, when he said, "Very well Reyna. We shall read the omens, and if they are good, you will accompany Jason on this quest." Octavian, the scrawny augur, was coming forward to read the guts of some teddy bear to let us know what exactly the gods said, when Dakota piped up, "Wait we need to choose one more person. Custom dictates three companions on a quest. I volunteer." I grinned at him. Wouldn't be so bad now. But when I looked at Philip, he looked sad. "No Dakota. Only two will go on this quest. We don't have the campers to spare." Dakota was going to protest, but Philip cut him off. "What do the omens say Octavian?" The omens were good.