yes I remember you children now! Please get back to the gym, and refrain from loitering in the hallway anymore." She told us. The man just shot me in particular a dirty look, and his power started to radiate even more. What could he possibly be? I had no idea what gave off a power-level that high. We ran towards the entrance to the gym where we met Grover. He quickly briefed us on the situation. "Okay, the demi-god is a girl. Her name is Nicolette, she's sitting up there in the bleachers by herself." He said pointing up towards the top of the bleachers. Sitting there was a girl, probably twelve years old, so two younger than me. She had bright blonde hair, and was wearing a blue zipped up jacket, with combat boots on. I couldn't be sure who her parent was based off her looks, I would have to get closer to figure that out. Normally each Olympian's children had a distinguishing feature. Poseidon children smell like the ocean, and have oceany green eyes. Children of Zeus, like Thalia, have the dark electric blue eyes, and normally blonde hair, however Thalia's was black, I prayed to the gods this wasn't a daughter of Zeus. Athena's children normally had the same stormy grey eyes as Annabeth. Well there weren't any children of Artemis other than me, but if there were, they'd have the same silvery eyes as I did. I couldn't tell who this girl's parent was. "Alright well if she's right there then let's go get her. Where's our monster?" Percy asked. Grover looked at me. "You smelled him right?" He asked. I nodded. "Yeah, it's that old French teacher dude. What is he do we know?" I asked the Satyr. Grover shook his head. "No, I haven't figured that out. I can't get to her because whenever I do Dr. Thorn shows up. Dr. Thorn is the monster." He explained. "Well for now let's just mingle with the crowd, because I see him waiting near the door she's right next to. Let's just mingle till we see if he moves. Percy, you and Annabeth take one end of the gym. Grover, you and I will take the other. Jay you stick to the outside of the gym and try to stay undetected and get to that girl. You're the only one who could possibly stay undetected now." Thalia commanded. We all nodded and straight away I retreated to a corner of the gym. Well… I tried to. The minute our group dispersed, I was mobbed. Mobbed by the group of girls, that had been walking all around the gym, finding boys to pray on. I tried my best to get out from the middle of them, but it was no use! I looked up desperetly trying to catch sight of the girl and Dr. Thorn. I did, and I almost screamed when I saw what happened. Dr. Thorn was dragging the girl away, despite her kicking and protesting. To my absolute horror, the man… had a tail, but not a normal tail. It was a scorpion tail, I saw the back-end of it when he exited the door! I knew what the monster was now, it was a manticore! Those were more deadly then Cyclops and hellhounds put together! They were some of the fastest monsters in existence, and there sharp poisonus barbs would kill you in seconds! To make matters even worse, I saw Percy run out the door after him, by himself! Percy was strong, he was probably the strongest in camp half-blood, either first or tied with Thalia and I. However he wasn't nearly fast enough to take on a manticore by himself! As much as i hated to admit it, i was the only one who could possibly be fast enough to fight that thing. I improvised, I dropped to the floor and crawled out of the mob of girls. I couldn't find Annabeth, Thalia, or Grover anywhere, I would need to go after Percy and Dr. Thorn by myself. I was the only one who would even have a chance of matching his speed. Well just this morning I was playing basketball with my pet baboon friend, and now I'm chasing an evil monster that would probably kill me. Yup, all in an average day for the first son of Artemis. A:N) So here it is everyone the first chapter of "The First Son of Artemis book two: A mother trapped! I am SO excited to bring this story to you guys, after how well the first book in this series did I had to continue on and I can't wait to do so! So for those of you who are reading who haven't read the first book in the series called "The First Son of Artemis" a big welcome to you and I hope you enjoy my content!:) If you haven't read the first book, I highly suggest that you go read that, that way you'll have a better understanding of the story and Jay!:) Now for those of you who didn't read the Kane Chronicles and were therefore confused by the first part, trust me when I say that will be the only real major mention of magicians and Egypt in the story. I will have small mentions here and there but nothing major! I will eventually have a series where I write Jay into the Kane Chronicles, but that won't come till at least after I've finished PJO:) Also if you haven't read the Kane Chronicles, I highly recommend you go pick them up if you're a big fan of Rick Riordan, while its not as good as PJO in my opinion it is still amazing and you will have a very fun time with it!:) So that's it from me guys! Don't forget to follow the story to know when I update, and please leave a review of what you guys think! Have a lovely day! Goodbyeeeeee:)