others. Instead we saw something far worse. About fifty feet away, lying on the gym floor, was a floppy green cap just like the one Bianca di Angelo had been wearing. Near it were a few scattered trading cards. Then I caught a glimpse of Dr. Thorn. He was hurrying out a door at the opposite end of the gym, steering the di Angelo kids by the scruffs of their necks, like kittens. "Alright Perce let's go." I said as we stealthily made our way towards the monster Percy pulled out his magical pen Riptide and I had my hidden blades ready. The door led into a dark hallway. I heard sounds of scuffling up ahead, then a painful grunt. Percy uncapped Riptide. Percy's pen then grew in his hands until he held a bronze Greek sword about three feet long with a leather bound grip. The blade glowed faintly, casting a golden light on the rows of the lockers. I clicked my bronze watch and released my golden bow. A quiver and more than a dozen arrows appeared strapped on my back. I notched an arrow getting ready for anything. I also had my four orbs circling behind my back in case I needed them. Percy and jogged down the corridor, trying to stay silent at the same time, but when we got to the other end, no one was there. Percy opened a door and we both found ourselves back in the main entry hall. We were completely turned around. And Dr. Thorn was no where to be seen anywhere, but there on the opposite side of the room were the Di Angelo kids. They stood frozen in horror, staring at Percy and I. We advanced slowly. I clicked my bow returning it to normal, but I unsheathed my hidden blades. My bow would've been slightly useless since the room was kind of cramped. "It's okay, were not going to hurt you." Percy told the kids. They didn't answer. Their eyes were full of fear. And that's when it hit me I could sense the mosnter all over the room. "My name's Percy, and this is Blake" Percy said, obviously trying to keep his voice calm and quiet. "We're going to take you both out of here and get you two to safety." And then I sensed it behind us. I had my four orbs turn into a giant shield. And four spikes pierced through the black shield, luckily however none of them got past. Percy however who had whirled around when I did. Got stabbed in his shoulder and was slammed into the wall. I roared at the monster and was about to strike it, but it's tail swatted me like a fly sending me to the other side of the room. I had my shield form back into orbs and made them come back towards me and as I was about to strike once again. I heard the monsters voice. "I wouldn't do that boy." The monster said as I finally got a clear view of the creature. The creature looked to be a golden manned lion, but it had small wings on its back and a large tail with spikes on the end. 'Manticore, shit. And he got Percy right in the shoulder, damn.' I thought to myself as I noticed Percy's coat was pinned to the wall by a black dagger-like projectile about a foot long. And it ha grazed his shoulder blade. And I knew the poison already was in his system. I wanted to attack, but I also noticed his lion clawed paw on Percy's throat. "Move and he dies, boy." The manticore said menacingly. I glared and sheathed my hidden blades. And all of a sudden WIISH! A projectile impaled my right leg. I growled slightly and grabbed the spike and with a roar of pain I pulled it out of my leg. I then focused on my hand and with the powers of the ice dragon I made Ice form around the wound to make sure that I wouldn't bleed out. I then tried to heal the wound using my nature abilities, but with the poison coursing through me I just couldn't. I was barely able to get the ice to form around my leg, but with healing you had to concentrate a lot harder. The manticore then through another projectile and this time I used my orbs cover my head as I thought that was where he was aiming, but instead the projectile logged itself right next to my head and into the wall. "Now all three of you will come with me," Dr. Thorn said with a crackle. "Quietly, obediently. And if you make a single noise, if you so much as squeal like a pig and cry for help, I will show you just how accurately I can throw." And all I could think was " Shit , Ember's going to kill me." So here Is the first chapter to the story, I hope you all enjoyed I hope you hit that follow and favorite button. If you want to follow my stories click the follow button and you will receive updates on when I post. Review on your thoughts everything you guys/girls say I take into consideration. Just try not to completely bash me please. It will be a little challenging on posting chapters, because insert drum roll, I got the job. If you guys read my previous stories second to last chapter at the very bottom has all the details, if you haven't checked it out and read it I recommend you go do that because I had some serious news posted, so again go look at that. Also big news: If you haven't done so already go look at my profile and a poll is currently posted every vote is critical as it will affect this story. And I guess that's all I got for you today. I hoped you enjoyed and see ya.