I'll prove it." She said "See, if this is the hand I right with, then this is my right hand. And see how it goes out in the same direction the bridge goes? It's right." Percy was silent for a bit, then he tilted his head and just said "Huh, how 'bout that." "Remind me to never let you drive me anywhere." Annabeth said "Oh, it's the stupid dyslexia. I get them mixed up sometimes." "Don't you think you should've thought about that before you decided to try and blind lead me through a videogame level?" "Okay, maybe. But you gotta admit I put the 'sexy' in 'dyslexia'." Then he was quiet for a bit before he went "No, wait, that's not right." Annabeth burst out laughing "My god, your head is full of kelp!" "Well, you better learn to live with it, Wise Girl. You're gonna be stuck with this idiot for the rest of your life." he kissed her "I'm gonna marry you if it's the death of me." Oh, God. Somehow she had ended up in the bathroom. She hadn't looked in a mirror since she'd put the owl earrings in that morning. She hadn't even realized she was still wearing her wedding dress. Her beautiful, impractical, white wedding dress that was now stained with drying blood. On her abdomen and thighs where she'd put Percy's bleeding head. Oh, God. She bent over the sink and vomited. When she was finished she felt dizzy. Maybe she should've eaten something. She sat down against the bathroom wall and started to cry. She felt so SICK of crying. All she'd done all day was cry, but she couldn't stop herself. If Percy didn't make it . . . No. She couldn't afford to think like that. Percy would wake up, there was no other option. Annabeth stood up. She washed the make-up off her face. She unlined her hair (Which was already disheveled with strands flying everywhere) Then she unzipped her blood-stained wedding dress and let it fall on the floor. She picked it up, threw it over her arm and carried it around as she walked down the hall in nothing but her bra and panties. She found shelf full of hospitoal gowns and put one on. Then she went down to the hospital gift shop (Why do hospitals even have gift shops? Like, Hope you enjoyed the tumor! Please, come again! ) and bought herself a shirt, pajama pants, to wear and a backpack, which she put her wedding dress in. When she got back, Percy still hadn't woken up. However, there was a new blond figure sitting next to him. "Luke when did you get here?" "Just now." "Things go alright with the police?" "About as well as you'd expect." he said "Annabeth, you know he's gonna wake up, right?" " 'Course he is. He wouldn't actually die unless it was over something really stupid." Annabeth said "I hate this." Luke spat "Yeah, well join the club." "First Thalia and now Percy. Just . . . who's next?" Annabeth didn't say anything "I'm sorry, I guess I shouldn't be bitching about my feelings when you're. . . Well I guess you're pretty upset." "Oh, no. Upset dose 't begin to cover what I am right now. I don't think there's a word that covers what I am right now. But I'm not gonna waste it whining about how much this hurts. I'm going to utilize it. Use it. Get some shit done." Luke looked at her like she was a little girl who'd just realized Santa wasn't real. "We tried playing by their rules and just look where that got us." She continued "We can't just sit around and wait for things to get better when they won't. Not without a good push." "What're you thinking." Luke said "How do you feel about doing some recruiting?" He gave her a smile like There's my girl. (Really late at night) "Oh, hey. Did you record the news like I asked?" Reyna asked "I still don't get it. But, yeah, I did." "Shh shh shh, Just watch." she fast forwarded to a report coming in from Washington. "In other news, the US senate has recently heard a shocking realization that the long rumored existence of a sub-division of the human race, called 'mutants' are, in fact, real. A young man by the name of Luke Callestine approached the senate and gave a presentation about mutants being the next phase in human evolution. With super-human abilities that differ in every case the public seems unsure of how to approach this new chapter in mankind's history. But one man has absolutely no doubt in his mind as to how the mutant issue should be dealt with. And that is Senator Octavian. He has called every member of the mutant community to be registered, with files explaining what power and what dangers they might have, completely open to the public. He has dubbed it, the Mutant Registration Act. Public and political support is quickly growing for the MRA And it's safe to assume Senator Octavian will be taking a leading role in humanity's fight for protection against these menaces." "So we're public now." Jason concluded "Kind of a game changer, isn't it?" "No, not really. We knew this was coming It's more of a game starter." Reyna observed "Moe was right. There is a war coming. There's just two thing left to decide: When it's going to start. And what side your on." "Not much of a decision then," Jason said "No, I guess not." Reyna said as she snuggled into him. So . . . yeah, there you go. I feel like I could've handled Jason and Reyna's into's better and I know I'm not the best and fight writing yet. But I hope to improve as I write this. As always, I ask that you review letting me know what you thought and I will respond in my updates!