gave her a treat which I told her was not fair, and every time I told her no fair she would just wink and stick her tongue out at me. I then bent over and put food in her bowl. Ember let Luna go and Luna went to eating her breakfast. I then sat back at the table. Sally after doing dishes dried her hands. Looking at Percy. "Is it school or... " She didn't even finish. "I think Grover is in trouble ," he said and told us about his weird dream. Apparently Grover was being chased by a monster in a wedding dress, which kinda seemed a little too weird for me. Now I know what you are thinking why are you saying all of this in front of Ember about Grover and stuff, well after the hell hound incident we told her everything. I mean she already knows the mythology world so why not. And we also did a test to see if she was a demigod or not, I asked Percy to pull out his sword which he did I then took his sword out of his hands and not to cut her but I placed it in her hand which showed she was a demigod as bronze would just pass through a mortal. She was either a demigod or something else. I know for fact she isn't a monster though. She might be a demidragon, but Nah there's no way I mean I would have sensed it right. I didn't sense that one dragon in Platt's book store so it's a possibility, but highly unlikely. "Grover is you're guy's satyr friend right?"Ember asked. "Yeah he's our friend satyr. He's a Really cool guy, and Percy I'm sure he is fine. Maybe you had an actual mortal dream. I mean, Grover, in a wedding dress that is a little farfetched, don't you think." "But it seemed so realistic. Blake he might be in actual trouble." Percy said in worry. "Grover is a big satyr now Percy. If there were a problem, I'm sure we would have heard from...from camp..."Sally's shoulders tensing at the word camp. "What is it ?" Percy asked noticing her tense at the word camp. "Nothing," she said. "I'll tell you guys what. This afternoon we'll celebrate the end of school. I'll take you all and Tyson to Rockefeller Center- to that skateboard shop you guys like." That I have to say would be cool, but unlike Ember, Percy, and Tyson I didn't really like skate boarding. I would probably buy a bike or something instead. I could see Percy was really tempted, as these have been some hard times for Percy, Sally, hell even Ember as she has lost her memory and practically had to start a whole new life. As they didn't really have much money and every time I offered them some they wouldn't take it. Unless it was for a birthday or other special occasion then they would but other than that they wouldn't take anything I offered. "Wait a minute," Percy said . "I thought we were packing for camp tonight." She twisted her dishrag. "Ah, dear, about that...I got a message from Chiron last night." I immediately started to worry 'What could possibly be wrong with camp. Did something bad happen maybe they were under attack from Luke.' And it seemed as if Ember caught my look of worry as she grabbed a hold of my hand underneath the table and gave me a gentle encouraging smile. I gave her a thankful look and smile for the comfort. As soon as she saw my smile she looked away and let go of my hand. 'Did I do something wrong?' I thought to myself. "What did he say Mrs. Jackson?" I asked . "He thinks...it might not be safe for you all to come to camp just yet. We might have to postpone." "Postpone? Mom how could it not be safe? We are half-bloods! It's like the only safe place on earth for us." Percy said. "Usually dear . But with the problems they're having-" "What problems?" "Percy...I'm very, very sorry. I was hoping to talk to all of you this afternoon. I can 't explain it at all right now. I'm not even sure Chiron can. Everything happened so suddenly." Millions of questions passed through my. What could possibly be wrong with camp damn it? "Man and I really was looking forward to seeing this camp for the first time." Ember said with disappointment twisting her purple crystal which she always did when saddened or irritated. "Next year sweet heart I promise." Mrs. Jackson said to Ember . Ember sighed with disappointment. All of a sudden kitchen clock chimed the half-hour. Sally looked relieved at the sound. "Seven-thirty , you guys should get going Tyson will be waiting." "But-" "Percy we will talk this afternoon. You all need to head to school." We all sighed and nodded our heads. School honestly was the last thing on my mind. But we had to get to Tyson or he would get upset being alone as he was afraid of underground traveling alone. We packed our backpacks and headed out the door. Ember and I were out the door, but Percy stayed at the door. "Mom, this problem at camp. Does it...could it have anything to do with my dream about Grover?" I heard her voice from the front yard. "We'll talk this afternoon, dear. I'll explain..as much as I can." Percy reluctantly told her good-bye. We then jogged to reach the number two train. I noticed Ember's eyes narrowed looking in the shadows. "What's wrong?" I asked her. "Nothing just thought I saw something," She said. "Wait where is Luna?" "I'm leaving her home today I decided she should just stay home. Since you know it's just the last day of school." I told her. Little did I know that I wouldn't be seeing her for quite some time.