a young Apollo camper racing toward me. "Percy-arena-man looking for you." He said between breaths. "Whoa, calm down, take a deep breath, and tell me what's going on. Ok?" The kid stopped for a sec and took a deep breath. "This morning Clarisse was training in the arena when this guy just appeared out of nowhere. When Clarisse demanded to know where he came from and what he was doing here, he just stood there. Didn't say a word. He wouldn't speak to any girls that asked him anything. Then, one of Clarisse's brothers asked him the same question and all he said was '"Are you the one called Perseus Jackson?" 'When Clarisse's brother told him no the guy said '"Then you are not worth my time."' The entire Ares cabin was furious. Clarisse demanded that he fight her, but he just kept standing there. That's when I left to find you. I'm scared of what Clarisse is going to do to him. "Just my luck. I can't just have a normal day, can I? No, I get to have some random stranger, who I'm assuming is god (how else would he have just appeared in camp), looking for me. "Alright" I told the kid. "Take me to this mystery man." When we got to the arena, there was already a huge crowd gathered there. Not good. That means that someone is fighting, and I bet I know who. The crowd parted as I made my way through and when I got to the front, I saw a guy standing in the middle of the arena with a bunch of Ares kids standing around him, their weapons drawn. The man was about 7 feet tall and bulky. He wore golden armor that shined like the sun. In his left hand he held a black kite shield edged with gold. In his right, a spear with a golden shaft and silver blade. The shield was about half his size with the image of a lion. The spear was as tall as him and had a lion's head at the base of the blade. Down the middle of the blade, there was something written in a language I'd never seen before. He also wore a helmet in the shape of a lion's head with a black plume that covered the top of his face. The lower part of his jaw was tan and his mouth was scowling. Clarisse looked livid, her fist clenched tight around her electric spear Maimer. "Tell us who you are!" she yelled. The man just stood there silently. Then, Clarisse's scowl turned into a mischievous grin. "Oh, I get it. You're too scared to talk." The man started to chuckle to himself, then it turned into outright laughing. Clarisse was completely red faced. Once he had stopped laughing, he spoke in a cold, deep voice that reminded me of Kronos. "Scared? Of you? Why, a fly wouldn't be scared of you. You weaklings are not even worth my time. I am here for Perseus Jackson, not you, girl. You are not even worthy enough to clean the dirt off my boot. Now, be a good little girl and bring me the Jackson boy. Until he is standing here in front of me, I have nothing more to say." That was the last straw. Clarisse yelled as she and her siblings charged the man. He effortlessly dodged attack, after attack, after attack, occasionally knocking out an Ares kid with his shield or his spear. Eventually, he'd defeated everyone except Clarisse, who was still charging, and missing, him. Finally, he slammed his shield into her arm, breaking it. She dropped her spear and fell to her knees clutching her arm. She was panting and covered in dirt while the man hadn't even broken a sweat. Chris Rodriguez, Clarisse's boyfriend, rushed to help her. "Now." The man said as he calmly. "Does anyone else want to have a go at me?" everyone was too shocked to answer. "Good. Now bring Perseus Jackson to me!" "Here I am" I said as I walked up to him. I knelt down beside Chris and told him "Chris, take Clarisse to the infirmary. I'll deal with him." Chris nodded and started to lead Clarisse out when she said. "Jackson, beat his face in." I nodded at her as she left. "Well then, I assume you are Perseus Jackson then?" "Yes I'm Percy, but who are you?" He smirked a little and brushed some dirt off of one of his pauldrons. "Ah yes, where are my manors. My name is Kendaar Yuvonam. It is a pleasure to finally meet you Mr. Jackson." The sudden attitude change was a little creepy, but at least he wasn't bashing my face in, yet. "So what is it that you want from me? It must be important if it made you knockout the entire Ares cabin." "They attacked me first. I was simply defending myself. As for what I want with you, well that is simple. You see, I represent some very powerful people and the have sent me to challenge you to single combat. Do you accept my challenge?" "What will you do if I say no?" "Then I will leave. But, I doubt your friend will be very pleased when she hears you refused my challenge." He was right. Clarisse would kill me if I turned this him down. Not to mention that the camp wouldn't like it if I just let this guy go. "Alright, I accept." "Excellent. Now, allow me to clear our battlefield." He snapped his fingers and all the unconscious campers disappeared. "What did you do with them!?" I yelled. "Do not worry. Your friends are safe in you camp infirmary." With the arena clear, he readied his spear. "Now then. Prepare yourself, mortal. Defeating me will not be an easy task." He said as he took a fighting stance. I pulled Riptide from my pocket, uncapped it, and prepared myself as Yuvonam charged.