will be predictable, anything can happen." "Basically I have to pick between Order and Chaos, and no matter what I pick, one of them will die?" Hestia tends to her hearth. "The life of a hero is never happy, Perseus. That is how it has been, and will always be." Percy thinks of Luke and Annabeth, the wolf children with their sad, broken eyes. He thinks of his Luke, with his calming smile and endless warmth, but his distrust and pain, his kill-or-be-killed life. The Other Annabeth, with her bright eyes and quicksilver wit and love, but never loved, never wanted. And he thinks of the green thread, bright and thick. "There is another choice," he says, removing Riptide. Hestia looks at him, her eyes guarded and blazing. "There is," she says. "But that will upset the scales forever, will change everything." It's your Hamartia, Percy. You would sacrifice the world to save the people you love. "I don't care," he says strongly. "I don't care. I have spent too long being the pawn of you all to care anymore. I will save the people I love." Hestia smiles, a smile of pride and compassion. "I have lived centuries and witnessed the rise and fall of many like you, and you asked me a long time ago if you would make the right decision." She pauses. "I believe you have." Percy remembers the prophecy and how it predicted he would die. He remembers how he feared it, loathed it, but now all he can feel is the calm of acceptance. He is done, done with being a toy soldier for the gods to wield, done being the face of another battle in a war that would never end. Hestia gently touches his forehead with the back of her palm. "Being born a hero is a curse, and hence, any blade he wields will always be cursed as well." A hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap. He finds himself smiling. Ironical that what saved him the most shall hurt him the most. He turns to the Fates. They gaze at him with the knowledge of centuries, ancient and all-knowing. Through the voice of Rachel they speak, "What is your choice, hero?" He closes his eyes. . A strong blast of wind storms through Olympus, blasting open the doors of the Throne Room. Annabeth stumbles back in surprise, time is unfrozen, and Percy snaps back to life. The angry howl of the wind deafens him; the sands of fate and time begin blowing around the three of them, circling them with greater and greater speed. Luke shouts out in alarm. The soul of Kronos, sensing an open and far more powerful body around, immediately rushes out of Annabeth's body. She is thrown back into the air, back bending backwards, as a harsh golden light poured out of her eyes and mouth. The light surges into the air, and in one terrible moment, forms the body of the ancient Titan king. And then streaks right to Percy. Percy feels as if his body is being ripped apart, bones fighting bones, muscles fighting muscles. The dark power of Kronos tries to overcome his body, tearing his flesh apart, raw and angry, it feels a hundred times worse than holding up the sky. Percy screamed, a primal, unearthly sound, ripping from the base of his throat towards the storm around them. Luke staggers to his feet and Annabeth gasps in shock. For a second Percy freezes, and Kronos almost takes control, but immediately he's fighting back, pushing his power farther and farther away. With a final yell he rips Riptide from his pocket, and for the final time uncaps it, revealing the shining, gleaming sword. He catches sight of his reflection, one bright green eye, and one golden. He looks at Luke one last time, memorizing his electric electric eyes, and skin and bones and body, and then makes eye-contact with Annabeth, who, despite all the crazy she has gone through, immediately understands what he is going to do. Her eyes fill with tears and they are grey, oh god, he's wanted to see this for so long and- -and Luke's finally figured out what he is about to do and he surges forward eyes angry and wild and scared, oh so scared. Don't, Percy yells soundlessly. This is my choice. My choice. My choice. My choice. His body is being ripped apart and this will change the world forever and he will never see those eyes again and he's going to die and- -and he has to do this. He painfully lifts Riptide to his back. Luke is screaming now, but Percy can't hear what he's saying. Annabeth is holding him back, tears streaming from her eyes, but she understands what he's going through, understands better than anyone else, because he may love Luke, but Annabeth is his Other Half and- -and his fingers tighten around the grip, sword in position and- He screams, last words of a falling hero. Family for everyone. Promise me, family for everyone. At both their nods, Annabeth clutching Luke around the shoulders as they looked up at him heart-brokenly, a seal for a promise they would never ever break, Percy stabs downwards. As the darkness encompasses him, he remembers being happy. He is five and he can hear the snip of the green thread all the way at the other end of the park. Nothing will ever be the same again. (And we'll be running, running, running again) (And we'll be running, running, running) A/N: Okay, that took FOREVER to write. Really. A huuuuge thanks to my lovely Beta, Daughter of Apollo 14, who actually read this MONSTER of a one-shot and editied it for me. YOU ARE AMAZING. I hope you all loved it! :) Lots of love, Dragonseatingme Disclaimer: Don't own anything. Lyrics quoted in the beginning and end of the story belong to 'Young God' by Halsey. THAT SONG IS JUST ashfhjfjff, LISTEN TO IT.