his gut told him it was Annabeth. It was the same gut feeling that led him to come to New York every year, the same feeling that told him jumping into that box full of blue water would be the best decision of his life, told him trusting Rachel would make him a better person, that he needed to follow Grover into that goddamn park where he met Juniper, that his soul-mate was Annabeth. He didn't even think about it. Percy had always been spontaneity and emotions and act first, think later. If he felt it was Annabeth, then it was her he would go to, even if it ended up breaking his stupid, fragile heart. He sped down the corridors, bumping into people, throwing back apologies but not stopping. A few officials called back to him but he ignored them. Chris looked up from one of the vending machines and gave him thumbs up and a grin. It fuelled his crazy run. He broke out of the glass doors and into the pool area, looking wildly around. The steady chatter of the crowd and the occasional loud laugh filled the air. He turned towards the bleachers and stared at them, searching for her. He walked slowly towards it, not stopping the scanning of everyone's faces. He couldn't find her anywhere. He carefully gripped the railings, which were chest level. He remembered the four zeroes that greeted his eyes; he had actually done it, he had actually finally finally met his soul-mate. It wasn't much of a decision. He gripped them hard and hauled himself over. People had noticed him by now and they gawked at him. A couple of them fumbled for their phones, some for their autograph books, but he ignored them all. He stood there in a soaking wet swim suit, a towel hanging around his neck, barefoot, wet hair sticking everywhere, searching everyone's faces like a madman. She wasn't there. He quickly walked to the staircase, taking two steps at a time. When he neared the exit, someone grabbed his arm. A teenage girl smiled back uncertainly at him. Percy tried to keep back the growl at being stopped, but was only partially successful. The girl grew even more anxious, but still ploughed through. "She left," she said her voice slightly shaky. Huh, maybe he looked a lot scarier than he previously thought. He scrunched up his nose in confusion. "I'm sorry, I don't-" "Annabeth," the girl cut through. "She said she was going back to her hotel." That threw Percy off guard. He looked stupidly at her. "How did you know…" He trailed off uncertainly. The girl gave him a slight smile. "You're gripping the timer so hard in your hand it might break," she said. "Her timer's zeroed. It's not hard to connect the dots." Percy blinked. He was actually right for the first time in his life. "Thanks," he said gratefully. The girl's eyes twinkled. "Invite me for the wedding, yeah?" . He rushed to the exit, pushed a man out of the way and nearly made three people drop their food. He winced slightly as one little girl's ice-cream fell to the floor. He smiled sheepishly when the mother glared at him. "I'm sorry," he yelled, behind his shoulder. "But I've got a soul-mate to catch." That seemed to work well because the mother's face softened and she nodded understandingly. Idly, Percy realised that it was a pretty damn good exercise and resolved to use it whenever he could. Later, however. . He skidded to a rest when he stepped down the last step. The grounds of the stadium were pretty much empty, only a couple of people milling about. Good, he thought. At least there won't be any audience. He turned to his right towards the exit, and saw just a hint of blonde hair in the distance. He broke out in a sprint. "Annabeth!" he yelled, but she didn't seem to hear him. He increased his speed. If she exited the stadium, then she would get lost amongst all the other people on the streets of San Fran, and he'd lose her for good. He didn't know anything but her first name and a load of help that would be if he had to search e very hotel in the city to find her. He knew this was his last chance. There would be no more numbers flashing on his watch, nothing to tell him whether he was closer or further away from her. They could cross each other on the street and not even notice. And he couldn't deal with that, not again. "Annabeth!" he shouted again, louder, louder, he had to be louder. She was walking fast, a little shakily, like she desperately wanted to go go go. "Annabeth!" he tried again. "Annabeth Annabeth Annabeth!" In the last yell, she stopped, along with Percy's heart. Slowly she turned around. Percy was only a few metres away from her and when he reached her, he dropped his hands on his knees and panted. "You know," he said between breathes. "You're a hard person to find." Annabeth met his eyes cautiously, a little hopefully. "You're just not trying hard enough then," she said. Percy laughed. "It took me a while," he admitted. "I came pretty close a couple of times." Annabeth sucked in her breath. Breath-taking stormy silver eyes peered at him. "And….?" He grinned and lifted up his Timer. "I've finally found you." 0:0:0:0:0 Whoooooop, that was fun writing! A huge, giant sized thanks to my amaaaazing Beta, Daughter of Apollo 14, who basically has not lost any faith in me, despite my ZERO writing in the past few months. You're the best! The Timer concept is based on a Netflix movie (TiMERS, I think) which I haven't watched, but have read is very good. How'd you guys like it? Tell me through a review! It would make my day ^-^ Lots of Love, Dragonseatingme Disclaimer: Don't own anything.