just slightly ajar. The throne room, if you could call it that was enormous, larger than Grand Central Station in New York. Massive marble columns led up to a domed roof. The space in between was a moving image of the night sky, with moving, glittering constellations. Twelve thrones sat in a U shape around a central hearth. Each throne was a depiction of the Olympians domains. One was blood red, whilst another solid gold. Another was bright pink and another a contrast of metal, wiring and mechanics. The seats of power of the twelve Olympians. Last time we were unable to attend the council meeting or see their seats of power so I had no idea what to expect of the throne room. Two of the thrones were occupied. One, at the head of the room had a man with a neatly trimmed grey beard and a dark blue pinstriped suit. He was sat on a throne of storm clouds and lightning. Zeus, King of the Gods did not look happy. He was eyeing Grover and I with a dangerous tone as we approached. The other man, to Zeus's left was sat on a large throne that resembled a deep-sea fishing chair. In the holster where the rod would normally be placed sat a large trident glowing with a celestial power. Poseidon, sat his body visibly tense, his eyes raging a dark almost black, green colour. The tension in the air between the sons of Kronos was palpable. I gulped before stepping up and kneeling before Zeus. "Why have you come before us demi-god?" Zeus seethed out. It was clear they had just finished an argument, and the anger present in both gods was still bubbling beneath the surface. "M… My Lord, Zeus. We have come to return your bolt." I almost whimpered out. The sheer pressure of the glare he was giving me burning a hole through me. As I finished speaking his glare lessened to a point I could raise my head. Grover to my left was shaking in fear. I slid the bag off my back and presented the bolt to Zeus. The bolt flew out of the bag, growing and beginning to spark. It reached his hand an 8ft long bolt of pure lightning that crackled under the touch of its master. "A daughter of Athena no less, to return my bolt." Zeus said with a smirk on his face. Poseidon let out an underlying growl. "What of my son Perseus, girl?" he said in a completely flat tone. I froze under the intense glare he was giving me. If I didn't choose my next words carefully they would certainly be my last. I bowed my head. "My lord, your son, Percy… He fell." Poseidon's hand snaked around his trident, his knuckled turning white as he gripped the weapon. "Meaning?" he whispered out in a deadly tone, his body shaking with anger. "We were at the edge of tartarus… and.. and.." I said, tears beginning to stream down my face, the words choking in my throat. At this point Poseidon was now standing, flecks of green light coming off his form. I could see he was trying his hardest not to burst into his true form and obliterate us. "POSEIDON, REIGN IN YOUR ANG…" A female voice across the room began before stopping as Poseidon's trident flew across the room with a sonic boom, impaling around her throat. The woman, A grey eyed goddess with long raven black hair, wearing a long elegant grey dress. My mother, Athena was trying and failing to pull the godly weapon away from her. "ENOUGH!" Zeus roared slamming his master bolt, silencing the entire room. "Release her!" he bellowed out at Poseidon. With a grunt he stretched out his hand and his trident flew back in, releasing my mother, who began coughing, a few traces of ichor dripping from her throat. "WHO DO YOU…" Athena started before Zeus stood, his nostrils flaring. "LEAVE!" He yelled, with a boom of thunder emphasising his voice. Athena met my eyes before turning and leaving in silence. "Now brother, you will listen to this demi-god's tale, and you will not lose yourself again." Zeus said in a dark tone. Poseidon nodded and settled for glaring at me instead. I looked over to Grover, who had still not moved since he first bowed. I took in a deep breath and carefully recounted the quest to the two. When I finished with Hades letting the two of us free Zeus began scratching his beard with a curiosity. Poseidon however had resulted to sitting silently letting tears roll off his cheeks. For all I knew he had never spoken to Percy, so I wasn't sure why he was so heartbroken over Percy's death. "Very well young hero. You may return to your camp." Zeus announced gesturing us off. I stood, as did Grover, who still had his head hung and we walked out. As we stepped out into the fresh air the doors closed shut behind us. I instantly fell to my knees on the steps and began retching. Grover placed a hand on my shoulder his face still gaunt and pale white, sweat trickling off. The pressure in the throne room was almost too much for us. After a minute or so I looked up to see a grey eyed woman at the bottom of the steps. Her eyes sad with recognition. A second later she disappeared in a flurry of owls. "Come on, let's get out of here." I whispered out. Grover helped me up and together we walked out and down towards the elevator. The sights, sounds and smells of Olympus seeming less and less appealing with every step. AN: Tell me what you guys think. Had this idea for quite a while and have been planning it out. Didn't want to stick to the most generic story lines that most go for. Instead this is something way out there. Till next time!