haven't said anything about where we are. I thought for sure that you would have said something about it by know..." He whispered. Sally smiled softly. "You think I would forget this place." "Good... I was beginning to think that I'd have to show you all over again..." Poseidon said softly as he kissed her again before he smirked. "In fact lets just do that for good measure..." -Do not disturb - The next morning Sally woke feeling warm and happy. Her hair was messy and spread out all over the pillow. She smiled and turned over to see a sleeping sea God next to her. Her heart was beating fast and she smiled softly. "Well...looks like you showed me a thing or to." Poseidon stirred before he pulled Sally closer to her. He was happier than he'd been in years since he'd last been with Sally. He sighed heavily as he smiled softly in his sleep. Sally smiled softly and kissed his tanned nose. "Poseidon." Sally hummed and hugged him tightly. "Wake up sleepy head." The sea God stirred but mumbled still not wanting to wake up from his slumber. "You're not old enough to grumble." Sally teased. "You are too young to be awake this early..." He said pulling her to him tightly as he snuggled her to him. "Shush Sally... Go back to sleep..." He said. He wanted this moment to never end her in his arms forever. Sally laughed, it was a warm and happy sound. She rolled her eyes and kissed his forehead. "I'm hardly young anymore, now up with you silly man." He sighed as he scooped her up easily and took them both to the kitchen. "Fine, fine I'll get up with you. And don't say that you're still beautiful..." He said. "Coffee?" He asked setting her down softly wrapping her in the blankets. Sally rolled her eyes her eyes gleaming as she took in the beautiful man. She held the blankets so she wasn't completely naked in front of her lover. Even in her old age Sally was a modest women, she had a beautiful body by any standards but she didn't flaunt anything. "Very well I will stop saying such things. And I would love some Coffee." She said. He smiled and nodded and started out on the coffee as he held her to him again. He loved the feeling of her bare back on his fingers. "What do you want for breakfast Sally?" He asked her slowly "Whatever you want I'm fine with." Sally said smiling softly. "I'm just happy to have some time with you. " Sally said. Poseidon smiled softly at her. "For once you say that ... So let's make some blue pancakes then..." He said smiling softly at her as he kissed her forehead. "Let's get the things that we'll need. " "You know that I ruined Percy with all my blue food obsessions." I said lightly smiling at him. Then I went to the kitchen after dropping his Hawaiian shirt over myself. Then I took down the pancake mix and then giggled as he brought down the food coloring. "You're so cute." "I'm glad that you did it... I am glad that you stood up for yourself to Gabe..." He said smiling as he took it from her and started making the food for them. Sally stopped slowly. "Poseidon...I haven't been with Gab in years. I believe I sent his head to...um never mind. What made you think about that?" I asked blinking as I watched him start to cook. "Well it's the reason that you made the blue food. Percy told me a while ago. That it was your way of rebelling against him. And you just kept doing it no matter what "Poseidon said slowly. "Regardless of that fact I still love that you do it..." He said Sally almost dropped what she was doing she had completely forgotten that the reason she became so obsessed with blue food was to stand against the horrible man she had been with. All of her memories of blue food we're happy one so she never thought of gab. After a few moments she looked at him her eyes searching the deep depths of his. "You wanted to kill him didn't you? Me being with him you know why I that right?" Poseidon looked away from her slowly. She could always tell that stuff about him it drove him insane how easily she could read him. And how he could only barely read her. "I don't want to ruin what we've had Sally let's stop talking about it alright?" He said slowly Sally smiled and shook her head coming closer to her now again lover. She kissed his shoulders and hugged him around the middle. "You were always a worry wart, honestly you aren't going to upset me. I know that time was hard for you, it was hard for everyone. But I'm here, now, with you because I want to be. I mean there must be a reason that no matter how hard we try were pulled together again." Sally said slowly rubbing his chest soothingly. "Yes this is the truth..." He said softly kissing her nose gently. "Finally you're realizing what I've been told you for years..." He said before he started making the pancakes for them both. So happily Sally sat down and had pancakes with the sea God, the other worry she had was how she was going to tell Percy that she and his father were going to get back together. But that would come later. -Fin- Hello everyone! It's Kitsu! Finally I know, but I've finally gotten time to do one! I hope you guys enjoy our one shot! I believe Dragon will be the next one to do one, but I might be it. It'll keep you on your toes ^_^ Leave a comment down below for us please we really appreciate it! Thanks and have a good day!