shout in unison. "We're falling!" Jean Luc shouts, stating the obvious. A white dragon flies away, Lydia in his hands. Her blonde hair unruly and her left pink stiletto falling towards the ground. Jean Luc fell through the hole, manipulating the winds and landing softly below us. Apparently his power don't give him good depth perception and he got confused. A lot of our powers (except for mine, Amber's, and Chris's supposed divine time manipulation) aren't really useful in a situation like this. And I felt a rush of relief. It was snowing. We were in Southern Ontario, but I wasn't sure where exactly along the lines of North/West we were supposed to go. We were being pulled towards the back of the plane. "We're jumping." I asserted. The rest shrugged, each jumping out one by one. I manipulated the falling snow, creating a ball around us. When we hit, I heard a large crunch. The sound of snow being crushed. I willed the snow to move, a tight feeling in my stomach. I shook the excess out of my shorts. Oh yeah, did I tell you I have to wear summer clothes in the winter? It's a pain, clothes shopping during the winter season. We dug out of the ball. Most of my companions were shivering. Amber released a blast of heat. They kept shivering, but I needed a fan. (I doubt anybody cares, but Star Wars spoilers ahead XD Skip the bold parts if you do.) We stare at each other until I strike up a conversation. "Has anybody seen the new Star Wars movie?" "I have!" Amber shouts. "I don't watch movies." says Jean Luc. "I downloaded a bootlegged torrent." Ken adds. "Are you guys talking about episode eight? Eleven was soooooo long ago." "Well, don't give me any spoi-" I was cut off by Ken. " Han Solo dies. His kid kills him. " "Dude!" I shout. I already knew though, I just wanted to see if anyone would tell me. "We should get going," Jean Luc says, "the sun's going down. I can feel it." "I can see it. Your point is?" says Ken. "You idiot," Chris says, "when the sun goes down, we can't see. It's snowing, we have no shelter, and the worst predators and monsters stalk at night." "Who you callin' an idiot?" "You!" Chris shouts, "You're the one who just made two grammar mistakes in one sentence!" Ken lunged at Chris, sending a large fist towards his face. He dodged every punch with extreme accuracy. He ducked beneath Ken's left hook and sent a jab to his stomach. Ken fell, coughing. He soon became attuned to Chris's strategy. Every time Chris threw a hit, Ken either caught it or blocked it. It went on for thirteen seconds. Ace pulled Ken off Chris. The boy struggled, but Ace sent a wave of despair energy through him, knocking him out. He crumpled to the ground. Chris willingly stopped, even though he knew he could easily kill Ace. We got our bearing and decided to build a house. Chris must have had some legacy of Hephaestus or it was another one of his strange powers, because he built that house in six minutes. I was a small cabin. He used his carpentry powers to build us beds. I was one floor and not insulated, but what do you expect to get accomplished in four minutes. Amber kept a steady flow of warmth flowing the the cabin. She turned it on some sort of autopilot. Believe it or not, Jean Luc and I slept outside. And I was still unbelievably hot. We created a heavy snowfall over us, and I drifted to sleep. First I had this Star Wars dream that ended with Khione saying, "I am you mother Jean Luc." I'm just noticing how genius I am. After that, it took a turn for the signature "frozen-and-wathcing" demigod lucid dream. I open my eyes. I'm on a bedroll next to Amber. Suddenly, Amber rolls over and speaks in my ear in the same raspy voice, " Watch your friend, don't tassste hisss blade. Watch him closssse but don't be ssswayed." The same shadow-covered man from before beheaded her, and I sat helpless. He held his left arm behind his back, as if hiding something. He pulled his right arm in the air, and the second his sword almost hit my face, I woke up. I was in sleep paralysis and saw a figure run. I caught gleam of bronze and heard rustling in the tree behind me. We need to move. Like now. Jean Luc must've already went inside. I trudge through the heavy snow and open the door to the cabin. "Hey, David. Sleep late?" Jean Luc said. Amber elbowed him, "You literally just woke up." Her smile was bright, as usual. Everybody was awake, and I'm too lazy to go into detail on the cabin, so you can imagine it. "We need to go." I say, grabbing my white duffel bag. They followed me out and I touch the ground. I know mud can get you stuck, but I was sinking, and so were my friends. A sticky situation, eh? I will tell you guys about it next time. As for now, Drake invited me over for some hors d'oeuvres. Yum. I'm doing a new thing where at the end, I give the current stats of the character who is the main POV of the chapter. David: Power: 65 Intelligence: 61 Happiness (-20 to 20): 11, cuz it's snowing. Money: $12.32 and 2 drachmas (about $50 if he traded for USD) Inventory: duffel bag, red velvet cake mix, car keys, smart phone. Wounds or bruises: Scrape on his arm from falling out of plane (Not permanent) A /N: Yay, chapter one! Sorry it took so long, I finished it and had to restart from the second page since I deleted it. Read and review and let the Drake be with you. -DSoH