dissolved into a bunch of blue shards. I turned to deal with a skeleton. My sword went through its ribcage, before I sliced upwards, turning it to dust. It felt like I had been holding the button forever. Just in case I wasn't pressing it hard enough, I pushed a tiny bit more. Small Bob was a couple feet away, fighting just as hard as me. He swept a paw through a cyclops and watched it explode into dust before dealing with the rest of its group. A group of empousa approached me surrounded me on all sides and attempted to attack me all at once. I sliced through the first one as the others closed from behind. I slashed at one, injuring it but not dissolving it. The one next to it wiped at me and landed a hit, creating a cut across my shoulder. I hissed in pain and grit my teeth, stabbing the monster through its midsection. Two sounds echoed across the battlefield, causing everyone to pause. Tartarus laughed as Damasen roared in agony. Apparently the death of a giant was something to see. Tartarus approached the fallen Damasen. His drakon was nowhere to be seen. It must have been dissolved. Tartarus placed a hand upon Damasen's chest. Even though they were both miles away, I could see the fear in Damasen's eyes. He stared into Tartarus's vortex of a face as he slowly dissolved. Tartarus had killed him by laying a single hand upon the giant. The golden dust of Damasen was sucked up into Tartarus's face. All that remained him was his broken lance. Tartarus stood tall, towering over the battlefield. In his chestplate, I could see a familiar face. Damasen's face was twisted in pure pain, his hands pressed against the inside of the armor as he attempted to free himself. Tartarus's laugh boomed across the field. PERSEUS JACKSON He shouted. You are alone with no one to help you. When will you give up? I stood frozen in fear. He was right. There would be no reinforcements for me. I was alone, in the birthplace of all things evil. There were millions of monsters here. They all hated me and no matter how many I killed, they would keep coming back. There was no point. But almost immediately after I had that thought, I remembered the reasons I had fought for so long. My mom, who had loved me and raised me for so long. I had promised her that I would come back to her alive. I had made that promise an eternity ago, when I was in Alaska with Frank and Hazel. I remembered the sun and the stars. I remembered sitting in the sun and relaxing along the water. I remembered watching the stars and Mom's moonlace that bloomed and shimmered in the night light. There were my friends back at Camp Half-Blood. The playful banter we made at each other, and the close bonds we had formed with each other through our experience in combat. We hadn't given up through the battle then. They had kept fighting, they had inspired me to keep fighting then. They would continue to inspire me even now, when they weren't with me. My friends aboard the Agro II. They were headed to a battle almost impossible for us to win. They kept going at it anyway. I couldn't give up if they weren't. And Annabeth. She was everything to me. We had fought by each other's side for almost six years now. I would give anything to sit by her side once more on the dock of the lake at camp, and soak in the sunlight by her side. I had promised her that we would never be separated. I had broken that promise to keep her safe, but I couldn't give up on ever being able to return that promise. I loved Annabeth. I loved her even more than I would be able to put into words. I could feel her lips on mine through memory. She was amazing, she was beautiful. I had to get back to her. At that exact moment, the button I had kept my hand on for so long finally dinged. The button shuddered silently and disappeared with a pop. I sighed in relief. Bob and Annabeth had made it to the surface. I didn't know where they had popped out, and if my friends aboard the Argo II were able to receive them. But at least they were out of this place. I had my mobility back. Tartarus continued to laugh. Your friend has escaped, Perseus. But you. You will be in my grasp forever! He stepped toward me, the monsters retreating from his path. I was unable to move once more. I couldn't speak. Tartarus stood directly in front of me. I had to crane my head in order to look up at his face. I still couldn't move my body. Riptide was by my side. I could do nothing as Tartarus reached down for me. He picked me up with no resistance, holding me in his fist. He held me up to his face. You are nothing to me. He said. I could almost see my life force being drawn out of my body. But I suppose I could entertain myself with your suffering. I was terrified out of my mind. I was getting dizzy by staring straight into the whirlpool of his face. His grip on me was tight, and I could feel my bones protesting against the pressure. I was a great distance away from the ground. I saw no escape from this without injury. He laughed once more. I gasped as he tightened his grip on me. You will die, Perseus Jackson. And I will find immense satisfaction in watching it. He said. I could feel the smirk in his words. With that, his grip tightened even more, and my vision went dark. A/N: Thank you for reading, and please review!