I wanted to be a part of my son's life in every way possible – but during times that I woke up later than usual, Noah knew that he needed to do things himself. I shook my head as I noticed his tie. "Your tie's crook," I said as I bent down and fixed it for him. He gave me a grin as he lifted his arms above his head. I rolled my eyes as I lifted and seated him on his seat, which he claimed was too high for him. After handing him the syrup, I sat down in front of Noah, wary with what I was about to say him. My son poured half of the syrup on his pancakes and began eating alternately between the pancakes and hotdogs. I watched him for a minute with a smile on my face. Aedan Noah had really grown up. His blonde curly blonde hair was as messy as mine; his green eyes were bright as he stuffed his mouth with food; his features were a mix of mine and her . My son was good-looking – and I'm not saying this because he's my son but because it's the truth. He's already smart for his age – which I was pretty certain he didn't inherit from me. He didn't talk like most five year-olds do. Whenever he speaks, it was like talking to an adult. I cleared my throat and Noah looked up from his plate, a smudge of syrup on his nose. I smiled as I wiped it away. "What is it, Daddy?" he asked. "Noah, do you remember Reyna?" I asked nervously. My son frowned. "Of course, isn't she your girlfriend?" My eyes widened. "How did you know?" Back when he was four, I told Noah that I would spend my life taking care of him and not date anyone. That was before I met Reyna Rivera, or as my son likes to call her, RR. Reyna was this beautiful woman around my age. She had dark hair, dark eyes and caramel-colored skin. The first time I saw her, she made me get a hit on my self-esteem. She carried herself with so much confidence that it was hard to be comfortable around her. But once I got to know her, I realized she was a big softie. Especially when it came to children, which made her and Noah a perfect match. Right after our first date, I brought her home to meet Noah. I wanted her to meet my son. They were an instant hit. Noah didn't let her go and told her all about his toys, the TV shows that he liked and his playmates. After she left, Noah asked who she was, and I told him she was a friend, which she really was back then, but our relationship had grown until our sixth date, when we kissed and became boyfriend and girlfriend. Reyna was perfect. She accepted Noah and was willing to put up with my son being hyperactive. I loved her. I looked up at my son, afraid that he was going to be upset. I did promise him, after all. "Aren't you mad at me, buddy?" Noah jumped off his chair and walked over to me. He tapped my lap and I lifted him and seated him on me. My son looked at me. "Of course not, Daddy. If Reyna makes you happy, I am happy." He looked down, his cheeks reddening a bit. I frowned and wondered what that could mean. He looked back up at me and said, "Besides, Daddy, I have a girlfriend, too." I almost fall off my seat as I stared in shock at him. Did my son just really tell me that he had a girlfriend? "What?" I asked him. "Noah, you're five. You're too young." Noah wrung his hands. "But Daddy, I really like her." "Buddy – " I began but the clock chimed, signaling that we had to go now. Noah grinned triumphantly as he jumped off of me and grabbed his backpack. "Don't think we're done talking, young man." Noah stuck his tongue out at me as he ran outside to my car. Reyna was waiting for us in the coffee shop, a blueberry smoothie in hand ready for Noah. My son ran up and gave her a big kiss on the cheek when she handed him his smoothie. "You rock, Reyna!" he exclaimed, taking a sip. She smiled at me and gave me a kiss, which my son didn't look too happy about. He covered his eyes and said, "Ew." I laughed and ruffled his hair. He gave me a glare. He then seemed to remember something and set his cup down and looked at Reyna. "So, Daddy told me you're his girlfriend," he said. I rolled my eyes at his tone. It was like he was the parent. "It's okay. You make Daddy smile, so I'm okay," he said, smiling. Reyna smiled at him, holding my hand under the table. "Thank you." "You're not going to be happy to hear this," I said, giving my son a teasing look. He understood what I was about to say and jumped off his seat and ran up to me. "He said he has a girl—" Noah covered my mouth with his little hands. "Daddy, that's a secret!" Reyna laughed and was about to take Noah from me when a shadow passed us. I was too busy tickling my son to actually notice. She grabbed my arm and gave it a squeeze. I looked at her and saw she was gazing behind me. I turned around and had the shock of my life. There she was, looking as beautiful as ever, her blonde hair falling perfectly over her shoulder; her gray eyes still held that distracted look like she was thinking a million things at the same time. "Hi, Percy," she said softly. "Annabeth," I whispered. [Next - Chapter 2: YOU'RE GONE TO ME]