Zeus yells trying to seem like the good guy We all started sitting on the floor as it seems any chairs were blown to bits. I started to zone out as he started talking about our value to Olympus and how great we were albeit he seemed to do this with a careful eye of Hera on him with almost every god watching him closely. "Now we get on to the gifts for your valued service," Zeus says starting to lose the facade Most the demigods were too tired to ask for much so they simply held off their request. Then it came to me. I felt the sweat dripping on the back of my neck when I looked into the gods eyes. I knew this next sentence could be the most dangerous thing to ask them to do but thinking about how Percy gave his life for this I steeled my nerves and said strongly. "I ask that you give Luke another chance to be good again. With Percy's last act he had taken the evil out of Luke and while I don't think he shouldn't be held accountable for his crimes I think you should at least give him another chance." To say the gods and demigods were surprised would be an understatement. I immediately head cries of "no" to "he betrayed us". "Silence demigods. Now as for the request we will bring Luke here to see if he stands up to what you said." Zeus says obviously wanting nothing to do with the son of Hermes With we see Luke appear in shackles on his hands. His old armor still on from the battle. He was receiving glares from almost everyone in the room as he looked around trying to figure out what was going on. "Luke Castellan do you agree or don't agree to the fact you sided with Kronos in the last war?" Zeus asks holding his temper "I will tell you the same thing I told Annabeth,I Luke Castellan swear on the River Styx that I don't remember siding with the Titans in any war," Luke repeats from earlier "What impossible you tried to kill all of us you can't not know anything," A camper shouted a bit angrily Most agreed with his opinion and started to agree with it. "Demigods be quiet. Now it is obvious that my son Percy died saving this man and purging the evil within him. If you hold Percies name in any honor you will shut up." Poseidon says holding tears back from the death of his son "It is clear that the boy has no evil within him and isn't the same man you fought. Now as for my daughters idea I agree with it that he should have one last chance to correct all of his wrongs." Athena tells the campers "I second that notion as he should have a chance to make up for all his faults," Hestia says "I'll agree as long as he doesn't do anything evil, Percy would always pull something like this instead of just killing him," One camper said Just like before the room had swayed towards my idea. I see Luke half happy he is going to live and half sad that the only reason he gets another chance is because Percy died. "Alright Annabeth your request has been granted Luke you swear to have no memory of the past war then you are free." Zeus says with lots of self restraint "As for all this talk about Percy his shroud will be burned tomorrow as we Poseidon has some special plans for it. Hermes Kindly send them back please." Suddenly the throne room blurred and we reappeared at camp. Everyone immediately started asking about the sacrifice Percy took trying to figure it out. I had half an idea where he got this from but since when did he know that story. "Hey Annabeth you have any idea where Percy got the idea for that sacrifice?" Malcolm asked not getting it "Yes but the last guy who did it…..I still don't know how Percy got the story of him," I say "This happened before," Malcolm says eyes widening "who did it do we know them?" "Everyone knows him his name. His name is Adolf Hitler. When he found out he was a demigod and that the power of the gods were in America he got mad. He wanted Germany to be the center of power but the gods wouldn't listen. So he made up a lot of fake files to make the Jews seem like bad people. This managed to get the public on edge with the Jews it only took a few months before every Jew was watched and any mistake they made was horrible for them. Finally Hitler started WWII as an attempt to get the rest of Germans mind off of him and onto the hate of Jews. He forced the Jews into concentration camps and tortured them until they gave Germany enough power to take over the world. You see a soul like Percy's is really strong in the sense he accomplished a lot in his life. But the Jews didn't do as much as Percy did so their souls were weaker making each sacrifice in the name of Germany not as strong as someone like Percy. With the gods leaking some information to the Americans they ended the war with the bombs in Japan and D-Day to try stopping Hitler from gaining all the power. With his power source of Jews gone he committed suicide. The power from the Jews were vanished into history but still for a while gave Germany a fighting edge over the competition." Annabeth explained "So Percy sacrificed his soul to Kill Kronos but you can't kill him only banish him so how does that work?" Malcolm asks Heres an update of the story and not all the demigods heard the sacrifice so thats why some know and some don't.