punches at Naruto's upper body as Naruto danced while pushing and parrying them away with his palms as he continued his assault. "Oh shit" He yelped when he felt Naruto grab him by his hand and swing him around before slamming him into the ground. "Issei!" Rias shouted as she tried to run over to Issei but Akeno stopped her. "He will be find." Akeno inform her. "Beside the barrier won't come done unless there is a winner!" "Ah my head, what happen *cough*" Issei got up to receive a punch to the stomach which cause him to cough up blood before he crashed into the barrier. Naruto wasn't finished he appeared behind Issei, he grabbed Issei and lifted him high up into the air. Then, using his extreme strength, he smashes Issei head first onto the ground in what resembles a powerbomb manoeuvre causing a massive crater to form. "Issei!" Rias shouted only for Kiba to stop her "Let me go I have to help him" "It's too late, president, he's dead." Koneko shouted. "Don't be stupid, Naruto isn't a guy to kill someone without reason and as much as he don't like Rias-chan he don't blame Issei for what happen to him." Sona said. "Issei is unable to battle so the winner is Naruto Uzumaki of the Sitri peerage." Hilda announce with a smile on her face. "You did it!" Momo, Murayama and Katase shouted as they hugged him as the rest of the Sitri peerage were clapping him. "Naruto-kun, you really did it" Murayama said. "I knew you could!" Katase said. "Thank goodness you're not harm." Momo asked. Naruto grinned "Thanks girls and I couldn't have done it without any of you." "Naruto-san." A voice came out from behind. "Tsubasa-san." Murayama asked as Naruto turn around to see a tall girl with blue, shoulder-length hair and matching eyes. She has the basic appearance of a tomboy, and has abishounen face. "Don't need to be formal this time Murayama." She turned to Naruto and lick her lips she become horny any time she see a man get muddy and sweaty after they fight. "I know we already met before but I was not happy that you brought into this family but after seen what you did in the lunch room and today, I am glad that you joined, so could you please forgive me." "Of course I can." Naruto offered his hand and she took it. "His hand are so big and sweaty Ahhhhh." She moaned in his mind. "I still don't like you." Saji said while Naruto gave him a death glared. "Saji!" Momo hit him in the head. "You were awesome Senpai!" Ruruko Nimura said with a blush on her face. She is a short, petite girl with brown hair in long twin ponytails and green eyes. "That so bad ass how you kick his ass" Reya Kusaka is a slim girl with long brown hair that ends in two short braids and matching eyes. "Can you teach me some of those awesome moves?" Tomoe asked. She is a girl with shoulder-length, reddish-brown hair and brown eyes. "You did a great job Naruto." Tsubaki said. "You made me proud Naruto-kun." Sona said as she walked up to him as the girls released him. "I am glad." Naruto said with a smile on his face. "I am sorry for calling you Sona-c-" he receive a kiss on his lips that lasted for five seconds. "A reward for making me proud," Sona said to a shocked Naruto with his fingers on his lips. "Was it your first?" Naruto nodded his head. "Mine too and you can call me Sona-chan." As she walked off leaving a frozen Naruto and everybody else. "How dare she take my Naruto-kun first kiss?" Momo, Murayama and Katase shouted as Naruto stood there with a goofy grin on his face. "I need to make her proud next!" Saji shouted as everybody recovered. "Hell yeah, today is my lucky day" Naruto said. "You are right brat. You got kiss three times today but the last is the most important because you got it on the lips!" Kurama shouted in joy. "Shut up Kurama." Kurama laughed at his host red face and his now popular status among the Sitri girls. "Why am I jealous that Sona-sama took his first kiss?" Hilda said with a pout on her face which made Saji jealous. "Uzumaki" Rias yelled in demonic tone. This got all attention of the Sitri teams' girls and boy. They watched as a crimson aura started surrounding her body. "I shall not accept this loss, the only reason my Issei loss was because he was inexperience using his gear so the next fight will be when he can fully use his powers!" Akeno, Koneko and Kiba smirked at the blonde and vanish in a Magic circle. "Even if he could control his power, I will still kick his ass." Naruto said. "Naruto! Language!" Katase warned. "Sorry." Naruto said. "I never knew that Rias was such a sore loser." Momo said as they all nodded their heads "You cares, I won so let celebrate!" Naruto shouted. "Hai!" They shouted. Two hours later Rias still could not believe that her Issei was defeated so easily by Naruto. "Shit I can't believe that kind of power escaped me!" "Ah what happen?" Issei finally woke up and saw that he was in his house and he knew that he had loss. He turn around to see his team looking at him, he gave Akeno and Rias apology look. "I am sorry if only I was stronger." "Ah don't worry my Issei-Kun, it's okay" She rubbed his hair while Akeno just ignored him. "I will make you stronger!" END Jay3000: Can you give me some ideas of what Naruto should ask Rias for, for wining the match. Prev Name: Type your review for this chapter here... Post Review As Actions Share Follow/Favorite Help . Privacy . Terms of Service . Top