down on his length. "Percy," Kronos growled out one final time feeling himself release his hot seed inside Percy. "Kronos," Percy gasped, feeling himself clench down on Kronos' length. He rode Kronos' orgasm out, still bucking his hips making Kronos hiss, gritting his teeth. Percy moaned feeling the sheer amount of seed that Kronos ejected into him fill his hole up. "Fuck, Perseus," Kronos breathed out, still high from his orgasm. He looked at the younger Titan who still clutched onto his neck, Percy's face buried into the crook of his neck. Kronos smiled, gently easing himself from Percy and placing the younger one on his feet. However Percy nearly lost his balance, too tired to keep his body held up. Kronos held onto Percy's waist keeping the younger Titan steady. Minutes passed until Percy finally removed his head from the crook of Kronos' neck, his head resting against the older Titan's. "Kronos," Percy whispered, moving in for the kiss he missed after the bed collapsed. It was a loving kiss, Percy showing Kronos just how much he enjoyed every minute with Kronos tonight. Kronos parted losing his breath, his throat now dry he needed something to quench his desirable thirst. Whilst hugging Percy though, he still felt something hard in between them, he looked at Percy then down his abdomen, then back up again to Percy's hot and bothered face. "You've endured every inch of me," a surprised look painted Kronos' face, "and you've lasted every second without cumming?" Percy blushed, this being an actual worthy achievement for him. He wanted a Title, a certificate framed on his wall saying ' Perseus Jackson. Conqueror of the Titan of Sex' . "Told you I'm worth it," Percy smiled giddily. "Oh, you're worth it," Kronos smirked and moved down, placing kisses down his abdomen. "You're worth every inch of me." "Kronos," Percy whined, "Kronos no…" "And now time for dessert, Perseus," Percy's length was coated with glistening pre-cum, too desirable for Kronos not to deepthroat. Percy hissed when he felt the Titan lick the tip of his length. His hands automatically diving towards Kronos' head, trying to steady his quivering hips. He could feel himself becoming undone. "Shit, shit," Percy groaned repeatedly feeling Kronos' hot cavern attack his length. Kronos had an easy gag reflex, meaning that he could take Percy in fully. His hands anchoring Percy down to the wall as he bobbed up and down Percy's length, twirling his tongue over Percy's length making him buck into the older Titan's mouth. "Ahhh, Firefly," Percy cried out in ecstasy, digging his fingernails into Kronos' scalp feeling himself release under the expert's tongue. Shutting his eyes, he felt his whole body spasm in Kronos' mouth, feeling the older Titan gulp his load down. There was a sudden explosion, and then the sound of gushing water filled the cabin. "Percy…" the Titan stared at the fountain, getting to his feet, placing his hands on Percy's waist. He turned his head back to Percy who had a stone-faced look on his face. "What the fuck was that?" "I... " Percy was lost for words, feeling his cheeks heat up. He stared on at the fountain, spraying water everywhere drowning his whole cabin. "You couldn't control yourself," Kronos wheezed out, finding this hysterical. Never had he ever witnessed something like this happen before in his ancient lifetime. Percy blushed. "It's not my fucking fault, idiot!" he smashed the older Titan with a punch in the shoulder, a pout now on Percy's face. Kronos couldn't stop laughing, cradling Percy in his arms. Percy observed the older Titan above him, never seeing him so happy before in his life, a smile creeping across his face at the thought of it. He lay his head against Kronos' chest feeling his soothing deep laughter reverberate through his lungs. He began to laugh along with him. Percy's feet nearly gave away again from exhaustion, Kronos managing to catch Percy just in time. He picked up Percy bridal style in his arms, gazing at the younger Titan's sea green eyes. He felt Percy's arms wrap around his neck, pulling him in for one last kiss that night. " You're my Firefly," Percy whispered when they parted, stroking Kronos' cheek. He never wanted this night to end, he wished every night with Kronos would be like this from now on, though he could feel his body yearn for sleep. " I'll always be your Firefly," Kronos smiled, "but for now you need sleep, Perseus." He felt Percy nuzzle his face into his chest, thinking that he was an oversized pillow. He's so cute when he looks sleepy , Kronos thought, smiling to himself. Kronos waded his way through the water, making his way to the bed at the other side of the room that was dry. He gently placed Percy down on the bed, watching Percy curl up into a fetal position. Kronos perched on the edge of the bed watching the gentle rise and fall of the younger Titan's chest, laying there soundly exhausted from his ministrations. He leaned forward stroking Percy's cheek, still feeling how hot they were. Percy smiled, his eyes still shut feeling Kronos' tender touches. Kronos brushed a few stray strands of Percy's hair away from his face, before placing a kiss on Percy's cheek. The older Titan laid down on the bed snuggling up beside Percy, drawing the duvet covers over them. The cabin was an absolute mess, the scale of the damage inevitable. One bed. Broken. One Poseidon. Obliterated. One fountain... Yet that all didn't matter as the pair lay down on the bed of Percy's half brother Darren, exhausted from their night together. "I could fuck you all night long, Firefly," Percy mumbled sleepily. "Oh, we'll have plenty of time for that in the future," Kronos chuckled. Not to Kronos as he wrapped his hands around Percy bringing him closer towards him. And not to Percy as he was finally with Kronos again.