stunned demigods behind me. "Well? Not even a thank you? Good gods, Artemis was right about you guys, don't be so impressed." Be it my grin, my manner of speaking, or the mention of Artemis, Thalia's gaze darkened. After a moment she looked at the now disabled Manticore then back to me, trying to find words, and when she did find them, I was honestly not surprised by what she asked. "Are you Zeus's child, and if not, how can you use lightning?" Like I said, not surprised. "Zeus is no father of mine, and no, I have no clue how I can. Best guess I have is that my parent is above the gods, that or somewhere along in my life I've gotten his blessing, but probably not." I finished saying this as the hunt appeared from a corner of the building. I smiled towards them, and walked over to meet them. After a moment of conversation, we moved towards where the Manticore was. The lightning had luckily cauterized the wound that most likely would have bled him to death otherwise. Glancing towards the lady Artemis, she nodded towards me, I reached out with whatever power I had, and forced pain to flow into the nerves of the beast. "You will talk, child of Echidna, be it willingly or by force," I murmured to him, letting the air around me glow a menacing shade of crimson. Darkness seemed to gather around the hand which was touching the beast, before lurching forward. The thing's eyes slowly widened, before the screams came, and oh how glorious those screams were. "Castilion! Castilion sent me by the will of Kronos! Make it stop, PLEASE MAKE IT STOP!" Some of the hunters were looking in horrid fascination while I did my work. After gaining another nod from a now pale-faced Artemis, I paused before saying softly, "And what were those orders?" He mumbled something incoherently. I growled before increasing the pain tenfold, the crimson glare around me was now blinding, "I WAS TOLD TO CAPTURE THE SPAWN OF HADES. STOP, JUST STOP WITH THE SCREAMING!" Spawn of Hades, damnation. After a moment, I slashed my dagger across the creature's throat, killing it. The demigods were now looking at me with something akin to fear, but also with traces of admiration. I slowly moved towards the two children, who had begun to cower as I approached, I noticed that the air around me still glowed crimson, I cut that off instantly. "Are you two okay?" I said this as gently as possible, at this point in my life I stood somewhere near six-foot two inches tall, which made the gentle giant image a bit harder to pull off. The demigods nodded hastily, I decided not to bother them anymore, before turning back to my lady. "I suppose that we're gonna have to bring them to camp then?" Artemis nodded with a slightly annoyed expression. I sighed, that place held little respect for the hunters. "... there's something else, isn't there Artemis?" Over the years I had gotten quite adept at reading her emotions, she was leaving something unsaid. "Yes Rorick, I've been sent by Zeus to hunt a creature. Alone," This led to cries of disapproval from the hunters, and a look of irritation from me. "I take it that there is no way around it then?" Artemis shook her head. "Well, that leaves Zoë in charge of the hunt then, I suppose we might as well join Perseus on his back though," There were a few nods to what I said, I motioned for the rest of them to leave, and they did so, surprisingly. Artemis was looking out to the sky, no, she was glaring at it. Glaring at a certain constellation, Orion. "You know… I talked to Hades a while back about what that bastard did," I said quietly to her. She whirled around to me with wide eyes, "What do you mean what he did," I rolled my eyes at that, "He didn't belong in Elysium, after what he did to all those women, and what he tried to do with you and the Hunt. So I pulled some strings, and now he's in the fields of punishment, suffering eternally for what he did." Time passed as she stared at me with a soul piercing gaze, I continued to look to the sky in calmness, "I always wondered what it was like, to be among the stars. So much space and time between them, and yet they never know how far apart they are, because they've been there for so long." I shook my head slowly, "But then again, I'd have to die to be up there, I used to think that's what I wanted. Now though, I wish I could stand here with the hunt forever, they're a better family than I deserve" I smiled at Artemis, before embracing her, "If you need me Artemis, just say my name, and I will come, no questions asked," I pulled away and looked into her eyes, "For any reason, any time, any place. Depths of Tartarus or not I'll be there for you. You brought me out of the depression that would have led to my own life ending, and now, well, chances are pretty low of that." She nodded slowly, and I saw something that I chose not to remark on, a blush on her cheeks. Slowly I moved away from her, and back to where the hunt had left, I stopped one last time before saying, "Goodbye Artemis, I'll see you soon enough." I reached the hunt who had been listening in on the conversation, I glared at them. With a resounding yelp from the younger members, flinches from the older members, and a chuckle from Zoë, we left for Camp Half-Blood. To a place where I would learn who my father truly was. Just saying now, I'm going to be a bit sporadic with my updates, Hope you enjoyed!