quickly heads for the pantry. "Hazel? It's me, open the door?" He eases the door open so that Hazel isn't startled. "You can come out now, and hand me some bread?" Hazel has a bag full of food. "That was fast," She says, not processing what Nico said "Oh…should we make a run for it?" she asks before she sees Percy come up behind Nico and gasps. "Nico!" she squeals, before landing a hard, swift punch to Percy's lower body. The shock and power have him winded and on the floor in seconds and he flops ungracefully against the stone, grasping at the place she hit. "You must be Hazel," He chokes out. "Pleasure.." he flops onto his side with a grunt. Nico blinks and takes a piece of bread from the pantry, before he takes the food from her grasp and wraps her in his arms. "It is going to be alright, Hazel. Calm down. We don't have to run." Hazel panics slightly "But I...you...why is he not dead?...and how does he know my name?" she asks, confused and jittery. "Dead?" Percy rasps, slowly getting up. "He's from your stories, Hazel" Nico pets her hair, "He did not want... does not … want payment." Hazel's eyes light up "Really?" she says her smile growing bigger than Nico had ever seen it, she starts to jump and giggle almost as hysterically as Nico had before her. "Excuse me, but...ah-dead?" Percy asks, even though he's quite sure he's invisible at this point. Nico lifts his shirt to reveal a rather rudimentary, but sharp dagger strapped to his hip with what looks like ripped cloth. He uses it to spread the jam he sees on the shelf over his bread while he eats and watches Hazel dance happily in the middle of the kitchen; eyes warm but sad. Percy clears his throat. "You were going to kill me?" He asks. "Only if I panicked and could not go through with...it." Nico says, calm again, even though his world has tilted and cracked. It will take a while for him to patch it all up and feel comfortable in his own skin again. He shrugs, "People like to take… by force." Percy looks like he's going to be sick again. "Has that...happened often then?" He asks, his jaw tensing in a mix of anger and disgust. Nico's eyes harden, "I don't usually plan to give in, so they don't get much of a chance." "You mean you would have...if I...?"Percy shakes his head. "N-no it is better if you do not answer that, I do not want to know..." Percy massages his temples. He is so sick he could throw up, and he really wants to punch something. If only Octavian were there. Nico shrugs, and continues eating. The bread and jam are so sweet, and Nico hasn't eaten much of anything for the past week, and fills up easily, no longer hungry halfway through his meal, but forcing himself to finish even when he feels like throwing it all back up. "Now that you mention it though..." Percy says softly. "...There is something you could do for me ...if you feel up to it..." He scratches the back of his head hoping he's not bringing it up too soon after such an episode. Nico instantly tenses, and drags Hazel behind him. If this man has brought up Hazel's (and his) hopes only to burn them to ash, Nico will kill him without hesitation. Percy flings up his hands in reassurance. "It is nothing bad!" He says and winces as the motion exacerbates the pain from earlier hit. "Ow." Percy lifts his shirt to check the spot, where a small bruise is forming right above his hip. "That was an impressive hit," He laughs. Nico doesn't move, but mentally approves of Hazel's right hook. He'll have to tell her later. "What is it that you want?" He asks cautiously. "Well I was not assigned an apprentice you see, and I have always really wanted to teach someone...I want to create a generation of knights who remember the once ways and revitalize the chivalry and honor that comes with the position, which has," he gestures to Nico's state "obviously been corrupted beyond my wildest nightmares...I want to... make you a knight...what do you think of that?" Percy says expectantly hoping he isn't coming on to strongly "You want to make... me ... a knight?" Nico asks; he's never heard anything so ridiculous in his life. "And a chivalrous knight at that." He's torn between suspicious and incredulousness. He looks to Hazel, wanting her opinion. Hazel also seems skeptical she wants to believe there is a knight out there that is like the ones from her stories, she wants to believe that Percy is it, and the thought he could make Nico into one as well? Hazel knew Nico was already there he just didn't have the title. She doesn't say anything but her eyes speak volumes to Nico. "I wouldn't have asked just anyone." Percy's eyes harden, "I would not have asked if I did not think you were capable and deserving of something greater...please..." And there it is again, Nico shudders. Someone, not Hazel, thinking he is worth something. That he deserves better. Nico's never had that from anyone except his family. His mother, Bianca, and Hazel. He has always been the worthless orphan, the bastard. He could not forget it, it was branded into his very being, literally , he thinks fingering the mark on his arm beneath the cloth. "I-" he chokes, "I will… think about it." Percy nods with a serious look on his face but doesn't say anything. He's turns to leave, but pauses and looks back at Nico. "Just to clarify, whatever you decide does not affect my decision to let you stay here," he says softly. "Good night," he adds and nods to them both before retreating to his room, a hardened, pensive look on his face.