as either Andronika or Justine, bowed to the Fates. "If I may ask Ladies Fate, what are my other names? I assume I have one from each pantheon." The Fates nodded. "As an Aztec, Adelita, as a Norse, Erica, and as an Egyptian, Insaf." Andronika nodded and bowed to them again as they made their exit before looking up at her adoptive parents. Jupiter/Zeus smiled and waved his hand and a large yet simple throne appeared, golden swords built into the arm rest and a soft and comfortable silk cushion covering the seat and back rest. He smiled. "I hear by move that we allow young Andronika to become a member of the Olympian council. All opposed?" Nobody raised their hands, and Andronika smiled as she grew to her newly discovered immortal size and sat in her throne, where she stayed for the rest of the day, celebrating her birthday before she departed the next day. Off to see her blood family and learn what she could. Xxxxxxxxx Alexandra smiled in wonder as she toured Egypt, walking slowly towards one of the sun god, Ra's, temples. A quick trick of the mist and she was past the preists, only to walk into the main temple and find the Falcon headed god himself, sitting on his throne, with his hawk headed son beside him. "Pharoah?" She asked shyly, instantly getting the gods attention. Ra quickly shrank down to his human size and hugged her. "The fates told me you would be coming my daughter. Come now. We must train. As of now, I announce you the Egyptian goddess of priests, magicians, magic, hosts, and nomes, along with all of your greek and roman domains." Andronika nodded, and almost instantly adopted the head of a white Falcon with a razor sharp black beak and glowing red eyes, just as the priests walked in. "Pharaoh! Pharaoh Ra! Are you okay?!" Ra smiled and gently ruffled his daughter's feathers. "I am more then alright. Meet my daughter, Insaf. Goddess of priests, magicians, magic, hosts, nomes, heroes, demigods, constellations, demi immortals, swordsmanship, separation, resurrection, battle instincts, intimidation, unity, leadership, and international warfare." The priests smiled at the new goddess and bowed politely. "Our apologies for any inconvenience this may have been Princess Insaf." Insaf nodded calmly. "There was no such inconvenience." Horus nodded happily. "I like her already." Ra smiled and laughed, and from that day forth, for the next 20,000 years, Insaf was trained to be a true Egyptian warrior, heroine, and goddess. And then, was off again, to learn from the rest of her relatives. The pattern was repeated as Alexandra went from pantheon to pantheon to learn. However, that all changed when she felt a strong tug towards New York City , and her greek form spoke. Grandfather is summoning all Olympians to Olympus. I think they believe us dead. Alexandra nodded and flashed to the Olympic throne room, landing right in front of Queen Hera. "Hello again grandmother." Hera looked at her for a moment and smiled. "Welcome home Andronika. I suppose you're here because your grandfather summoned all the Olympians." Andronika nodded and followed Hera into the throne room where she was content to see her throne still empty. Growing to her godly size, she sat in her throne and smiled. Zeus apparently had managed to forget that there was in fact a goddess of heroes and spoke. "Andronika, I know you are exempt from the Ancient rules. I must ask you to go find Percy Jackson and Jason Grace along with the other 7 and aid them in the gigantomachy." Andronika nodded. "Permission to use my powers and revive a few heroes?" Zeus nodded. "Granted. Do what you must." Andronika nodded again. "Yes Grandfather." And she flashed away to the Tiber river, waiting quietly in front of it after having a chat with Tiberius. Waiting on the 7 to arrive. Xxxxxxxxx Percy Jackson had somehow managed to get himself in another fight with Jason Grace, the son of Jupiter. They'd just pared over the Tiber river and we're going to talk to the river god and we're surprised to see him talking to what appeared to be a young demigoddess. "Hey!" He called out, getting the girls attention. "About time you showed up young hero." She responded. Percy growled, but let her continue. "I am Andronika. Greek goddess of heroes, honor, justice, respect, perseverance, intimidation, unity, constellations, and demigods along other things. My grandfather, Zeus, sent me to aid you." Percy cheered mentally. "Finally! Some help!" Andronika nodded. "Indeed. Now, I can get you to the house of Hades." Percy nodded and the pair started to walk back to the boat. Where, to Percy's surprise, Annabeth bowed respectfully. "Lady Andronika, you were missing for centuries!" Andronika smiled. "I know. And there is no need to bow Annabeth. We're technically cousins." Annabeth nodded and Andronika smiled a bit more. "We must wait until nightfall. I am calling in a bit of extra help." Jason looked at her. "Maybe for the greeks, but we don't need it." Andronika shimmered and turned into Justine. "Hold your tongue Praetor. For I am the patron goddess of roman demigods as well." And she returned to her greek form. Deciding to hold his tongue when he noticed the imperial gold Gladius at her side, Jason and the others waited until nightfall, and we're surprised to see the constellations glowing brightly, their lights focused on the deck of the Argo II. Slowly, the beams of starlight took form. Andronika grinned. "Meet my companions, Orion, the hunter, Perseus, the slayer of Medusa, Bellerophon, the tamer of the Pegasus, Atalanta, the fleet huntress, Theseus, the slayer of the Minotaur, Bianca Di Angelo, the daughter of Hades, and Zoë Nightshade, the ex-lieutenant of Artemis." Nico practically tackled Bianca in a hug as everyone else hugged Zoë. This will work well. And you're welcome Artemis. Andronika thought. This will work well indeed. A/N Reviews please peoples. That's all I'm saying.