with what happen to the vans. But, it will leave everything with questions. Why did they do it? Why go as far as destroying the camp's van? If the Hephaestus Cabin and the Athena Cabin are all alright with what happen, does that mean they are in on the whole "destroying the vans" plan too? This made Katie really paranoid. She knew it. That's why she tried to forget about it. It is all too silly to think about the Stolls. And, why should she think about them so much? Ever since they met, Travis did nothing but to make her camp life as miserable as possible and Connor is no different from his brother. It is best to not get involved with them in any way possible. She left the dining pavilion, but after walking a few meters away, an IM appeared in front of her. When the image cleared up, the image of her grandmother appeared. And, by the way she looked, Katie feels like she brings bad news. "Katie, dear. Did I call in a bad time?" Her grandmother asked. "No, grandma. I just finished eating. Why did you call?" Katie asked back. "Dear, I called to tell you that your father can't pick you up tomorrow." This revelation caused a frown to Katie's face. "Why is that? I thought he was alright a couple of hours ago. Did something bad happen to him?" She asked, now worried of her father's state. "No! Nothing's wrong. He is alive and well. It is just that he is going to be busy for the next couple of days in his work." Her grandma replied. "Work? I thought his work doesn't start until the first day of class?" She asked. "It doesn't. But, the company that wants to hire your dad suddenly has to drop some of their employees because of budget cuts. Because of that, his friend isn't sure that he can help your dad get the job that easily. That is why your dad is going to take his job application into the company personally. But, with his age and experience, I don't know whether he will be hired by the company or not." Her grandma's words caused her heart to turn into lead. Just as she already accepted that fact that they are going to leave, this happens! She wants to cry in frustration, but she knew she can't do that right now. Not with her grandmother looking at her. She needs to be strong, even if it is just for a while. "So, who will take me home then?" She asked her grandma. "Your grandfather told me that he would do it. I do believe that he misses his little Katie." Her grandma told her, with made both of them laugh. She knew how much of her grandfather loves her. So, it wouldn't count as a surprise that he would be outraged when he hears that his little granddaughter didn't come home sooner. "I can't wait to see him. See you soon, Grandma! I love you!" She said, waving at the fading IM image. "See you in a couple of da—" Her grandmother's voice was cut off by the arrival of her grandfather. "IS THAT KATIE! DON'T FADE AWAY YET! I WANT TO SEE HE—" And the IM image disappeared. She made a small giggle before sighing of what happen to her father's work. What do things like that happen to good people? And, that's that with Chapter 1! Hope you liked it! If you do, please Favorite it and Review what you think about it. If you have anything you want to ask, Review about it too! Also, please check my other PJO fanfic, "Crossing the Multiverse". I had that going for a long time, and it is an interesting story to check out! Just so you will get hooked for the next chapter, here is a bit of what to expect in the next chapter: Katie was just finishing reading her book, when her grandmother called from downstairs. "Katie! There is a man in a business suit that wants to talk to you!" Her grandma said out loud. Katie frowns. Their farm is far from the main city. Sure, some salesmen would come and sell their stuff here, every once in a while. But, if your house is one hour drive from town, no one would even think of going to your place, much less wearing a business suit. Katie could therefore conclude that this is part of her other life, her life as a demigod. And, this "man in a business suit" could be either two beings: a monster who wants to kill you and drink your blood, or a god who wants to ask you a favor (quest) that involves a monster that wants to kill you and drink your blood. Either way, Katie knew she was screwed. She took her hairpin from her drawer, and walked downstairs. As expected, her grandmother is already in the kitchen, without a doubt preparing something for their "guest". She exhales a deep breath and open the door, and who she saw was not the person she would expect to knock at her door. The middle-aged man has built like an athletic figure-slim and fit with curly salt-and-pepper hair, blue eyes, elfish features, and a sly grin that will make you say that he knows what to say in every occasion. It was the kind of grin that she despises the most, as she always see this kind of smile every time two brothers would go to her cabin and prank on her just for fun. Yep, he is the Stolls' dad alright. Hermes, the God of Messengers, Travelers, and Thieves. "Katie! I was just in the neighborhood, and thought I would pay you a visit." Hermes said, with his carefree voice. "Can I come in?" Does Katie really have a choice? Interesting, right? Review, Favorite, Follow and let me know that you love me. :)