in her throat. I was nervous without the noise, with it she was freaking me out. It's weird being alone with a teacher anyway, especially Mrs. Dodds. She stared at the frieze with a strange sense of hatred, like all she wanted to to do was pulverize it. "You've been giving us problems, honeys'," she said, her voice cold. Percy did the safe thing and said, "Yes ma'am." I stayed silent. She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket. "Did you really think you two would get away with it?" She looked at Percy and I with a look that was beyond angry: it was evil. She's a teacher , I thought quietly and nervously, she can't hurt us. "We- we'll try harder, ma'am." I said quietly, inching closer to Percy. Thunder shook the building with a loud crack. "We are not fools, Percy and Jayme Jackson," Mrs. Dodds said with a grim tone in her voice. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess and you two will suffer less pain." I raised my eyebrows and looked at Percy. What was she talking about? All I could think of was when I tied Nancy Bobofit to a chair in the dorm room. Or that time I stole the answer key off of my science teacher's desk and cheated on my test. "Well?" Mrs. Dodds demanded, her voice sharp and angry. "Ma'am, I don't-" Percy said when she cut him off by hissing, "Your time is up." Then it got seriously weird. Her eyes glowed like half-lit charcoals while her fingers extended into crooked talons. She leather jacket melted onto her back and molded into giant, bat-like wings. Grover was right, Mrs. Dodds wasn't human. She was now a shriveled up, prune-looking hag with bat wings claws and a mouth filled with yellow fangs. And she was about to mince me and Percy. It got even weirder. Mr. Brunner, who'd been reading in front of the museum no more than a minute before, wheeled into the doorway of the gallery, holding his pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy! Jayme!" He shouted and tossed his pen in the air before pulling out two short mechanical pencils and tossing them to me. Mrs. Dodds lunged. With a yelp, Percy dodged a slash of talons next to his ear and I leaped out of the way from a slice at my chest. Percy pulled the pen out of the air and once it hit his hand, it wasn't a pen. It was a full-length bronze sword - the sword Mr. Brunner used on tournament day. I caught the pencils, one in each hand, and they extended into two bronze daggers. Mrs. Dodds spun toward Percy with a murderous look in her glowing eyes. Percy was shaking so violently he almost dropped the sword. Mrs. Dodds let out an evil snarl that sounded out with a, "Die, honey!" She flew straight at Percy. "No!" I cried out, adrenaline pumping through my veins. Terror shined in Percy's eyes and we both did what was natural. He swung his sword and I brought down the dagger in my right hand directly into Mrs. Dodds' leathery back. The blades passed through her body with a strange hiss, like she was made of water. Percy's sword in her shoulder, my dagger in her back. What was left of Mrs. Dodds reminded me of a dust storm in the Sahara. She exploded into a yellowish-gold powder, vaporized where she stood, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur, and a chill of fear running up and down my spine. I felt like her two glowing charcoal eyes were still watching me. Percy and I were alone. Alone with nothing but a ballpoint pen and two small mechanical pencils. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody but us. Percy's hands were trembling violently when my knees gave out. I just sat on the floor, knowing I couldn't walk. What was put in my lunch? Had we imagined the whole thing? Percy and I walked back outside slowly. It had started to rain. Grover sat by the fountain, using a museum map over his head to shield himself from the rain. Nancy. Bobofit stood near the fountain talking to her ugly friends, still drenched from her swim in the fountain. When she saw us walk out, she sneered, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." "Who?" Percy and I asked in unison, making me raise an eyebrow. "Our teacher, duh." She said, her voice annoying me easily. I kept my eyebrow raised while Percy blinked. Who was Mrs. Kerr? We didn't have a teacher named Mrs. Kerr. "What are you talking about?" I asked her, my mind filled with the stress from our endeavor inside. She made a disgusted noise as she rolled her eyes and turned away. Percy asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was, which he replied to by saying, "Who?" He paused first and wouldn't look at Percy, so immediately knew he was messing with us. "C'mon, Grover. He's serious, we're serious." I said, my voice tight with impatience. Thunder cracked loudly overhead. Mr. Brunner sat under his red umbrella, reading his book. It was like he never moved. We walked over to him. He looked up at us, looking distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen and pencils. Please bring your own writing utensils in the future, Mr. and Miss Jackson." We handed him the writing utensils, not realizing we were still holding them. "Sir," I asked, hiding the strain in my voice with a sweet and innocent tone. "Where's Mrs. Dodds?" He gave me a blank stare in his ancient brown eyes. "Who?" "The other chaperone," Percy continued for me. "The pre-algebra teacher." Mr. Brunner frowned at us and leaned forward, looking mildly concerned. "Percy, Jayme, there is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know there's never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you two feeling alright?"