eyelids were drooping, and then I remembered why. FYI, getting up at three in the morning is not fun in any way except that you get to watch everyone else be grumpy too. I used my hands and brushed the cinders off then used a trick Percy had taught me (he has to know a few things). I concentrated and put my and on the surface. A few seconds later cold water was seeping back into the floor and repairing it. This takes extra energy because normally you can't do this unless you know how, but I did because I was so awesome. Well, maybe I was just tired so I couldn't tell I was being weird. Recommended: DON'T WAKE UP AT THREE IN THE MORNING! Getting school supplies is not worth it even if you turn up in class unprepared. The house we were renting was so far from the school that we had to drive all the way plus pick up school supplies that somebody (Percy) had forgotten to get last them night like we had planned. Anyways, as I was saying I had put the medal in my pocket which was getting uncomfortably warm when thankfully gym ended. I ran into the locker room. Celestia followed me, getting suspicious. "What are you hiding?" she asked me. I took the medal out of my pocket and showed it to her. Thankfully my shorts weren't harmed, but the medal was still steaming. Celestia's eyes narrowed as she examined it. Finally, she handed it back to me with a look of wonder on her face. "Jocelyn, you have found one of the last olympian medals. If you have godly blood in your veins it will grant you the power of enhanced speed and strength. You must be careful. Many people would kill to have this. Guard it wisely." Then she turned out of the locker room and left. The medal had cooled down so I put it back in the pocket. Maybe it really was gold after all. Score! One olympic medal in gym class and I destroyed Paige. Best day ever. Gym was also that last period. Alex's P.O.V Gym was, well, I'll put it interesting . I couldn't hang out with my friends or else Paige would notice, so I was stuck listening to her complaining about Jocelyn. Awkward because Jocelyn was my friend. And we were like sisters. Of course, it is nice to have a break from them once in awhile (Just kidding Joce! :-P). Paige and her other glamorous gossipers had not participated in that after Paige's fail, but had sat there in a huddle with me (now included! Ugggg!) and discussed different ways to do their hair. I was bored out of my mind. Who does that?! Ponytail, down, messy bun. All a girl needs to know. Braids are cool looking but not practical. Well I guess I do dye my hair purple at the tips, but still, not the same. They did seem to be in a pretty malicious mood because they had started to unconsciously take their makeup out and started giving the bleachers a makeover with masquara. Anyways, I'm pretty sure Paige trusted me more now so my current mission was complete. The next phase was going to be terrible. I had to go to a sleepover at her house and set up a game of truth or dare. Luckily, I had a few more weeks before that step went into action. Getting back to the house was a total relief. The girls hung out in me and Jocelyn's bedroom for a little while while the boys played video games. We talked about boys, Paige, and gym then sparred for an hour and a half. Definitely not normal teens. After that, we took took turns in the showers, dried our hair or put it in a messy bun or on Jocelyn's case a braid, and went downstairs to challenge the boys on the Xbox. The video games were fun. The boys won the first round and I sat out then Celestia sat out and we kicked their butts! Jocelyn and Annabeth had picked up a few tricks from the first round and I was there to help more with strategizing so it wasn't that hard. Celestia's P.O.V. I feel so bad for Alex. That must be terrible to sit around with Paige and the Gossip Girls (us CHB girls' nickname for Paige's friends. It was Blondie Queen and the Gossip Girls) doing nothing. And she had to go to the sleepover next week. I knew that it was all for some plan of her and Jocelyn's but I felt terrible. Anyways, I was quite interested about the medal Jocelyn had received. I had the feeling it was more that just chance that it had showed up here. Perhaps there was a demigod in this school descended from one of the original Olympic athletes. If so, and they were also half god, that meant i would be noticeable and that they would probably be dangerous. I had a feeling that we would find out who they were, although whether or not we would like that process was questionable. Finding out who demigods were was not usually a peaceful/painless. Process. That led me to wonder whether Alex would discover anybody at the sleepover. Those were particularly good for unearthing demigods chaotically. Later that day I fenced with Jocelyn with my new sword and she cheated (she just told me that I cheated because I went invisible). Jocelyn's P.O.V. When I woke up I noticed something weird in air. I didn't realize what it was until Alex woke up a second later and said, "Furry!" We ran outside, and low and behold I was face to face with my old teach. Mrs. Dodds. "Hi," I said. I relaxed once I realized it wasn't one of her sisters. Mrs. Dodds hated Percy but no so much me. "Hello Sweetie." "Sup?" "Nothing." "What do you want?