sounds an alarm if I kiss a guy, Luke. It'll be fine. Besides, Artemis knows I'm faithful to my oath, which is technically only broken when and if you get married or get knocked up by someone. You're my first and last infraction." Luke grinned, the expression not quite reaching his eyes, and stroked Thalia's hair. "For the first and last time?" Thalia's stomach dropped to the floor. Of course, now we need to say goodbye . "Luke", she started, and Luke put a finger on her lips. "About the hypothetical job that hypothetically kept me in action, I may have had an…offer", he said, nervously. Thalia caught his hand in hers again and pulled him closer to study his face. "What kind of hypothetical job?" I asked. Luke bit his lip. "The kind of job that hypothetically makes me the captain of Davy Jones' immortal crew", he said, and explained without Thalia's question, "It's a ship crew, aboard the Flying Dutchman, whose captain ferries souls lost at sea back to the Underworld. Kinda like what Charon does, but it's at sea, and I – if I hypothetically take this job – I'll be alive again, in theory, but I can't set foot on land, except for one day every ten years." He stopped, waiting for Thalia to respond, and took her some time to. "Davy Jones' ship?" she asked. "Yes." "The one from the stories. The ship that goes underwater and all that shit." "The very same." "And the captain's job is vacant?" Luke hesitated. "Eh, well, the rule is that only stabbing the captain's heart can kill him. As you would know from the stories, the captain's heart is cut out and kept inside a treasure chest." Thalia winced, and Luke smiled. "Whoever stabs the heart, his own must take its place", Thalia said. Luke nodded, pursing his lips. "Well", she said, "So you got a hypothetical offer to...to kill the current captain and replace him?" Luke nodded again. "He's...he's not doing his job. It's a Titan, hell bent on giving Poseidon a hard time." "Poseidon made the hypothetic job offer?" "Neptune, actually", Luke replied, "The Roman version." Thalia paused, the lack of any emotion on Luke's face shocking her into silence. "Say something", Luke said. "You…" she replied, "Are you considering taking Neptune up on his hypothetical offer?" "Thalia", Luke said, "If I were to do it – hypothetically – I'd live forever. I'm a warrior, I can beat most people in a swordfight. It's going to be pretty tough getting to my heart. Especially", he said, looking at Thalia nervously again, "if I were to keep it where I plan to." Thalia caught it before she had fully internalized the news of what Luke was gonna do. "With me", she said, "You were gonna ask me to keep it?" Luke leaned forward and kissed her lightly. "My heart is already with you", he said, "The beating thing pumping the blood in my body might as well be." "Luke!" Thalia cried. "Ten years at sea, one day on the shore, Thalia. It's a much better offer than anything I would've imagined." Thalia gaped at him, as he blushed in the light of the Isles and looked down. "That is, of course, if you were willing to infract your contract once every ten years", he looked up and grinned, "I promise not to knock you up." Not being able to decide whether to punch him or kiss him, Thalia threw herself at Luke, who caught her and fell to the ground, an arm's breadth from the tip of the ledge. "Luke", was all she could say, "Luke, Luke, Luke, Luke..." He lifted his head and kissed her. "Say yes", he said into her mouth, "Say you'll do it. Say you'll come meet me." "Yes", Thalia replied without hesitation, "I'll do it, I'll guard your heart, every day of the ten years that you'll be gone." Luke yelped with joy and kissed her again. "Thank you" he said, "I'm so sorry..." "Shut up", Thalia murmured, and Luke laughed. They got up, still in each other's arms. He kissed her nose. "You'll get the heart as soon as I kill Davy Jones. I can't come to meet you then. We'll see each other only ten years later now." Thalia returned to gaping at Luke. "Davy Jones? You have to kill Davy Jones ?" Luke shrugged. "It's his ship. He sucks at captaining it, but it's his." "Luke", Thalia said to him, "The guy's a legend." Luke looked at Thalia and rolled his eyes. "I'll send you the chest when I kill him, Thalia", he said, ignoring her fear completely, "I just…" he paused, "Are you sure about this?" "I don't know what I was thinking when I came here", Thalia said, "I couldn't possibly have gone on after this, Luke. After I finally saw you…this is my only way to survive. I would die, the pain of never seeing you again after all this would've killed me." Luke leaned in to kiss her, hard. She sensed his urgency and knew he was leaving. "Keep a weather eye on the horizon, my Grace", he said, getting up, while Thalia's ledge started returning to Tartarus. Thalia smiled through fresh tears and Luke turned away to leave. A thought struck her, and she got up and grasped his shirt. "Wait", she said, as he turned, "How did you know I'd come?" Luke smiled his sad smile. "I didn't". "But then…" Thalia trailed off, and Luke ducked his head. "Neptune made the offer the same day I killed myself. I refused then, but I'm going back to retract the refusal." Thalia's breath caught in her chest. "You…" "I couldn't leave without seeing you, Thalia. Even if it meant waiting for an eternity", he took her hand out of his and kissed it, beginning to dematerialize. Luke disappeared like a ghost, and Thalia was left standing over Tartarus, sobbing uncontrollably. Right. Ten years it is.