going hard enough on me!" Perseus growled as he dodged a strike from Irene. They were in a white palace. Everything, everywhere was white. "I-I hate you! I don't even know why I was ever friends with you! Your just plain evil!" Irene screamed and slashed at Perseus again. Her words stung Perseus and he faltered slightly allowing Irene to once again knock his sword from his grasp. "Go on Irene, do it." Perseus said as his voice cracked slightly. Tears streamed down Irene's face as she looked away but delivered the final blow. Perseus' body dropped to the floor. He was dead. And Irene couldn't stand it. She dropped to the floor crying and cried for hours before realising she had to go back. Perseus' body glowed slightly and Irene realised his power was going to be released. This is my domain. Can I...create a box or something to store his power? She thought. As she thought that a blood red box appeared in her hands. As Perseus began to glow brighter and brighter, Irene concentrated. In a flash of light all of Perseus' power was released but this was Irene's domain. With Perseus dead, here it couldn't do anything. Perseus' power, which seemed to be a glowing red light, was sucked into the box Irene held. Irene went to another room in the palace and opened the door. It was empty except for a white pillar in the middle. She walked up to it and placed the box down. She left the room and thought about a portal opening up to the Primordials throne room. "Irene! There you are! Perseus' Army has seemed to just...disappear." Chronos, Primordial God of Time said. "He's dead." Irene croaked. The Primordials looked at her sympathetically. Chaos had told them about her's and Perseus' string being intertwined. "I'm sorry Irene. And we all miss Perseus too. But now that this was is over...let us celebrate!" Chaos boomed. A month later. A month since the war ended. Perseus had destroyed man villages but Irene saved many. Gaea's domain was a mess Gaea was being quick to patch it up. And as for Irene, she was a mess. She spent countless nights not sleeping and wondering whether it was worth it. She could never let those people die but the price...for her it was too much. She wondered whether she would've been happier if she let Perseus destroy everything and lived a life with him. Just him. Just by hearing his name her heart fluttered. But now he was gone. And he would never be back. Currently Irene was in her palace. The great, noble, selfless Irene. She thought bitterly. No one needed her anymore there was peace. And Irene was upset anyway. She was starting to go numb. All she could feel was pain. Ever since Perseus died she'd been in depression and refused to let any Primordials help her. What if I ended it? I'm not needed anymore anyway. "Oh but Irene, you are." A voice said. Irene's head snapped towards it. Standing there looking very pale was Ananke, the goddess who faded long ago. "Ananke?" Irene asked. "My dear, I am so sorry. I never knew I was fading. And I thought that by intertwining your strings Perseus wouldn't ever try to destroy everything because he loved you." Ananke said. "What do you mean that I'm still needed?" Irene asked. "In the future...Perseus he had a child he created it. That child will then have another child and of course Perseus is going to have legacy's. One day...his legacy will gain his power. And just like Perseus he will try to destroy the world. It won't be his legacy who's mad but when you put Perseus' power into that box it contained his soul. Perseus' soul will take over his descendant and he will try to finish what he started." Ananke explained. "When?" "In many millennia Irene." Ananke said. "I'm supposed to wait. In pain. For that long? Why can't I ever do something selfish." Irene moaned. "You could kill your self Irene. Store your power like you did with Perseus and when the time comes. You'll be reborn." Ananke said and Irene contemplated whether or not to do it. "Fine but one more question. How are you here?" Irene asked. "Irene when I faded at first I was just floating around in the void. Until you created this. This realm Irene. I foresee that it shall become 'The Realm of the Faded' so I'm here because this Realm is where I'm supposed to be." Ananke said and Irene nodded. Ananke disappeared leaving Irene alone. She knew what she had to do. She found the room Perseus' power was stored in and went into the room opposite. The room was the same as the other. Irene created another box except this one was pure gold. With a deep breath she began to focus. She focused on her power draining and her soul leaving her. Creating a sort of relic for he reincarnated-self. A bright white light and the box was on the pillar and contained Irene's power. Irene was on the floor. Dead. A/N Sooooo This is a new story. This is PerZoe I'm sorry for those who hate it. This Chapter is basically what happened in the past. If you haven't guessed it already in the future Irene will be Zoë Nightshade and Perseus is well, Percy. WARNING. Percy isn't a hero in this obviously. It's just all the stories where Percy is bad is always him being betrayed and wanting revenge so I wanted to do something different. Anyway I hope you liked this chapter. And I have honestly never read a PerZoe story so I'm hoping this is original. I'll honestly be surprised if someone has done something like this because this is my own original idea. If not then, great minds think alike? Chapter 2 for Destiny will be out but until then stay tuned and ELDER OUT!