and leave so we can "talk" to him. Grover is taking us through the alley's so we can get there quicker. I'll talk to you in a few Sea Princess :) I got up and walked out of the coffee shop and started walking home. I felt like I had to go comfort Mr. Italian and kill who ever made him mad but it would be creepy if I randomly be like "hey you look sad, let me give you a hug and a kiss and make it better". As I kept walking I passed an alley way and was pulled in. I felt strong hands against my wrists and felt someone kiss me fiercely. When who ever kissed me ran out of air, they pulled back and I got a good look at them. Olive skin, puppy dog brown eyes, shadow black hair... OH MY GODS IT'S MR. ITALIAN WHO KISSED ME! "Uhhh" was all I managed to get out. "I'm sorry but I was tired of you acting all innocent and I needed to talk to you and ask you out but you were never around and I'm done sitting behind watching you and I felt that if I didn't do something soon you would be taken and no one is taking you away from me. I will make you mine and I kill anyone who tries taking you away from me" Mr. Italian said in a silky voice that was laced with an Italian accent. He kept rambling saying I was mine and no one was going to take me away from him so I shut him up with a kiss. "You need to stop talking and make me yours if you want me" I said. With that I walked off and when I got to the alley where the ambush was supposed to happen I looked at the group of family and friends and mouthed four words... I dealt with it. Now that might not be entirely true but still. ~A Weirdly Comfortable Feeling~ Over the next few weeks, Mr. Italian would snatch me up, kiss me and growl when ever people looked at me weirdly. He was possessive of me and I found it cute. As the days went on, I realized I never got his name and didn't know what exactly what we were. So one day when I was in Candyland's Paradise, Mr. Italian walked in and sat down with me. "Ummm can I ask you something and you not get offended" I asked shyly. "Sure" Mr. Italian replied. "What's your name. I never knew and I just realized that I only ever called you Mr. Italian. Then again I only ever called you Mr. Italian in my head because that's the only place I ever talked about you, in my head" I started to ramble. "It's Nicolas but everyone calls me Nico. Besides, you never told me your name either so I shouldn't be offended if I don't know your name" Mr. Italian, now known as Nico, replied. "Percy. Hey Nico, what are we. I mean are we dating or are am I just some toy because I'm not going to be a toy. I've been in a relationship like that and I'm not going into another one" I said quietly. "You are my boyfriend, not my toy. Besides that, have you ever thought about whose going to tear your but in two" Nico replied. "Oh very funny. It might be a hard life out there for some but not me" I said with a huff and a small smile played on my lips. Soooooo, for being my first Nercy story, is it any good? I will gladly except comments on how it was and what I could do to make it better (if it wasn't any good). Ummmm what else was I going to say... OH YEAH! So I feel that I have to many unfinished stories (I'm counting the digimon stories that I put on Hiatus). To fix this I decided to deal with one story at a time. Now since I was doing this contest for Takara Phoenix, I had a couple ideas. This is actually the second one that I had (being as the first would have taken to long to get to the actual romance) so I have that story (which has yet to be posted), and my two or three other stories. I also have two or three ideas that I want to do and I have written them down. So anyways I'm going to first try and get PERCY'S GAY! finished (or at least the list of couples I have finished). After that I will work on Finding Each Other (or whatever I named it... I'm having one of those moments where I forget the name of something even though it's on the tip of my tongue) and then I will post another oneshot (it's going to be the sequel to PJO Vs MLP being that I've had the idea down for a while now and just have never done it), and then my Frozen/RotG/PJO crossover (which I REALLY need to finish) and then my other ideas... Now I don't know how long it will take me to get this done. I have a few other things I need to do and I also have to deal with my life outside of Fanfiction and not only that but I have a little over a month before school starts again (I go back the day after Labor Day). Please be patient with me. I will try to post new things at least once a week, if not more. At the very least, it will be every two weeks. It shouldn't be like that though. Anyways, thanks for reading the story and Takara Phoenix, if you are reading this, PLEASE tell me how well I did. After reading all of your stories, I feel as if this is the dirt under our shoes compared to your stories.