almost to Maupin when my legs gave out, "Mom," I asked, "can we take a rest soon? My legs are getting tired." "We have almost reached Maupin," Mom answers, "can you hold out until then?" "I…" I say struggling to stay balanced, "I think so." "I am getting pretty hungry as well, mom," Yamizaki added, "we also have a lot of questions for you, mom." "I am well aware of that, Yamizaki," mom said sadly, "but it would be unwise to answer your questions at this point because we are about to go into a canyon, so we need to focus on the road. Once we stop to get food, I promise to answer any questions you two may have." "That's reasonable," I agree. "SAKURA!" Yamizaki says angrily at me. "BAKA DŌRO NI SHŌTEN O ATEMASU! WATASHITACHIHA TABEMONO O ERU TOKI, WATASHITACHIHA WATSHITACHI NO KOTAE O ERUDESHOU!" I yell at him before he can say anything else, which also manages to shut him up. I am also a little surprised that I didn't mispronounce anything. Mom was equally surprised, but didn't say anything while we biked down the canyon. Fortunately, it wasn't too steep. We finally arrived at Maupin after biking for I wanna say 5 hours on Bakeoven Road. Needless to say all three of us were completely drained. Yamizaki and I were more tired than mom was, so we rested at the nearby city park for an hour. Our relaxation was interrupted by my stomach. "Someone hungry?" Mom asked. "Absolutely starving," I answer while taking off my helmet, "I am not going anywhere until I get some food in me and feeling back in my legs." "You also owe us some answers, mom" Yamizaki adds. We spread out a blanket making sure we didn't disturb any underground bee nests or worse, hornet nests, in the process. The three of us each had a turkey sandwich mom made just before we left. A car pulled up as we finished our sandwich. A young man of about 20 years stepped out of the car and called out to mom, "Miki!" I immediately recognized his voice. That young man is Kaze Shinomori, a self-taught swordsman with amazing skill. Apparently, Kaze and dad have been friends for a few years now. I have seen him a few times, but I don't know him very well. Mom trusts him which makes me a little relieved, "I am glad you are safe, but you need to leave Maupin, the sooner the better." "I am well aware of that, Kaze," Mom answers, "but the kids need to rest for a while longer before we can continue biking to PDX Airport." "How about I give you a lift?" Kaze asks. "Mom," I answer quickly, "we need to leave here before Prometheus finds us. I say we get a ride." We put our stuff into Kaze's car and left the park quickly. We decided to leave the bikes behind to hopefully throw Prometheus off our trail. Yamizaki and I crashed almost immediately after getting into the car. Even though we wanted answers, Yamizaki and I were completely sapped of any energy to say anything about the questions we have because of the bike ride here and severe lack of sleep. I wake up to Mom waking me and Yamizaki up. Yamizaki and I slept the whole way to the airport from Maupin. "Sakura, Yamizaki," mom said, "we need to get moving. Prometheus is right on our…" Prometheus appears in front of us, "...tail." "You know," Prometheus says angrily, but he never lost his cool, "that was very rude of you to leave before our business was concluded, daughter of Athena." "What business is that, Prometheus?" Mom counters giving Kaze a nod. Kaze answers with the same silent nod, "as far as I am concerned, our business ended last night. In the name of Lady Artemis, I, Miki Kaoru, will never let you have those kids!" Mom charged him with bow in her hand. Kaze quickly got us away from the battle and we headed towards dad's private jet. Mom's battle with Prometheus quickly migrated to the airfield. Yamizaki and I had good view of the battle from the jet, which was not good thing because as we started moving, mom fell to ground and never moved again. I promised myself that I would never cry, but I couldn't hold back the tears. Yamizaki tried to comfort me, but we both needed the one person who we saw die. We needed our mom to tell us that it was only a dream and that everything will be alright. Sadly, this pain in my heart is very real and that realization made me cry so much that my eyes started burning. We cried for I wanna say two hours, then we got called up to the pilot's cabin. When we arrived, I saw the biggest storm I had ever seen, but what the pilot couldn't see was the Greek gods battling the Titan of Storms. The pilot tried to maneuver around the massive storm but was not able to, "Kids," the pilot said, "I'm sorry, but I won't be able to get you to New York like I promised your mom I would." "Don't worry about it," I reply, "you took us as far as you could. Where are we now?" "We are about to crash in the ocean outside of Ocean City, Maryland. Prepare for emergency landi…" We found ourselves knocked out from the impact. I don't know happened after that, the next thing I know, I am lying on a beach barely able to move. I catch sight of this young lady running up to me before my eyes closed, "Dad," she called, "I found a body. Please come quickly." Another person came up to me and checked my vitals. "Is she alive, dad?" "Yes," he answers his daughter, "but she is…" I don't hear the rest as I fall unconscious before I can hear the rest.