was playing and a dance floor was set up. People began exiting the throne room and heading to the party. "Always ready for a party huh?" Ares said. They rolled their eyes and said, "Duh," Percy hung back waiting for people to clear out so he could slip out without being noticed. He already had plans on how he wanted to spend the foreseeable future. When everyone was gone, Percy made to sneak off through a side room to escape the party. But when he turned, he saw Hera glaring at him from her throne. "Hera other universe or not you better not blast him." Poseidon growled. "It isn't me!" Hera yelled. Percy tensed a bit but then surprisingly made his way over to her throne and bowed. "Seriously?! He only bows to either his father or Artemis cos obviously he's a man and even Zeus doesn't get as much respect but Hera?!" Apollo yelled. "Lady Hera, I was wondering if I could please have a moment of your time." Percy asked quietly. Hera narrowed her eyes at Percy but gave him a slight nod. "I just wanted to apologize for the way I spoke to you last year after the quest in the Labyrinth. I didn't actually agree with what she said to you but I was naïve and stupid. I was trying to direct your anger toward me instead of her. I am sorry for what I said." Percy explained. He bowed and turned to leave but was stopped when Hera spoke. "HA! I can apologise." Percy said smiling smugly whilst his friends rolled their eyes. "You. Percy Jackson. APOLOGISED! This Percy must be better than you." Clarisse said. "HEY!" Everyone laughed. "Wait, Perseus." Hera called. Percy turned back and looked up at Hera, half expecting to get incinerated. Once again everyone chuckled. "I believe you are trying to avoid the celebration, correct?" Hera asked. Percy nodded warily. "Well, I will help you. Thank you for your apology. While I was angry, I understand your reasons." Hera said with a small smile before she snapped her fingers and Percy vanished. Percy reappeared inside an empty Camp Half- Blood. Percy felt relieved knowing he wouldn't have to deal with anyone seeing him leave. He quickly went into the Poseidon cabin and gathered clothes, money, drachmas, weapons and supplies. He grabbed a piece of paper and wrote down a short letter addressed to Chiron. "A letter?" Hazel asked. Percy left his cabin and walked into the dining pavilion where he convinced a few nymphs to give him some food for travel. Percy walked over to the brazier and dropped a couple pieces of his food into the fire. "For Lady Hera. Thank you for getting me off Olympus." "Ok he's definitely more respectful than you." Clarisse stated. Percy muttered before jogging off to the big house where he left the note for Chiron. Percy looked over the camp one last time before he made his way up Half Blood Hill. After petting Peleus, Percy turned his back on his home for the past four years, unsure when or if he would see it again. Line Break "Line Break?" Conner asked. "Yes Conner. It breaks lines." Lou Ellen explained saying it slowly as if talking to a child to which many laughed. The next morning when Chiron returned to Camp Half Blood with the demigods, he was greeted with a letter that sent a pang of pain through his heart. Dear Chiron, I am letting you know I won't be staying at camp for a while. After everything that happened yesterday, I have decided to spend some time traveling. I need some time to sort through my emotions. Please don't think I am angry with you or anyone. You are like a father to me, and the campers like my brothers and sisters. I just need some time to myself. Please don't search for me. I will return when I have figured things out. Thank you for everything Chiron, and please tell the campers I am sorry. Thank you, Percy Jackson. "And that's the chapter." Hermes concluded. "Dang you hurt me Wise Girl." Percy mocked. Annabeth glared and slapped him upside the head. "Good for you." She said before kissing him. "Is there going to be any love?" Aphrodite asked. Just then a flash of light appeared and stood there were five figures. Thalia Grace, Zoë Nightshade, Phoebe, Chloe, And Percy but with the brown hair and brown eyes as he was disguised as Blake. "Who are you?" Zeus asked. Percy or should I say 'Blake' smirked. "We're from the universe your reading about now." "Zoë?" Came Artemis' voice. "Hello Milady." Zoë greeted until she was tackled into a hug. "B-but Chaos said everything was the same in that universe...you died." "Spoilers." Zoë smirked. "Woah ANOTHER ME?!" Thalia shouted. The other Thalia just smirked. "Wait why are the Hunters here? And who's the guy and the little girl?" Malcolm asked. "I'm Chloe Daughter Of Athena and a Junter of Artemis, Blake here is the man who saved me from my uncle and loads of others and he's our big brother." Chloe said making Blake smile. "Big brother after Phoebe accepted me when we beat Heracles up-" Blake face palmed and so did Thalia. "Blake shut up." "Ok." Chloe and Zoë laughed as Chloe climbed onto Blakes shoulders. "This man was accepted by the Hunt?" Artemis asked. "Yep and he's the best man out there." Phoebe said shocking everyone. "Thanks sis." "No problem brother." "Oh and to answer Aphrodites question yes there is love in this story..." Blake trailed off. Aphrodite squealed. "Ugh. Who wants to read the next chapter?" Blake asked. "Me!" Poseidon said and Hermes tossed the book to Poseidon. A/N and that's the first chapter of my alternate universes. How will Annabeth and Artemis react to Percy and Artemis' relationship in the future? And which other characters make an appearance? Watch out for the next one and... ELDER OUT!