leave each other's side, for any reason at all. If one needed a drink, the other followed them into the kitchen. It they had to leave each other, they spent five minutes saying goodbye, and were back together within forty five seconds. I hadn't seen them all day, except for the few times they came to the kitchen for a small snack. They really needed to eat more than they were at the moment, so I told them that they had to go out for dinner somewhere. I didn't care where it was, as long as they ordered something with higher calories than a cracker. I had to pretty much force them out the door, and that didn't even work until I threatened to shove everything in the house down their throats. Paul and I had a long discussion while they were gone about what the living situations would be for the next, well, however long Percy and Annabeth decided to stay. Although I might help with that decision a little if they wanted to leave to early or stayed too long. I loved my son, but sometimes he had the brains of his father. As early as it was, I was anxious for grandkids; Percy would kill me for saying anything like that out loud, but it would be fun just to get a reaction out of his thick skull. I could be that mean to Percy, but never to Annabeth. The current situation made me really hesitant to say anything at all, for the fear that what little they had left may shatter, and the progress made so far, not that there was much, but at least they were still speaking to people. After their dinner, they were a little more talkative to say the most. They looked relatively happy for the first time since early this morning. I decided to share what Paul and I had been talking about earlier. There was no way in Olympus that I was going to let what happened last night happen again, these two were in desperate need of some sleep. I came up with the solution of using the bunk beds the spare bedroom. That way any problems could be quickly resolved without being up all night trying to get rid of the memories. They could stay for about two weeks, but after that I was going to have to make them leave. As much as I loved both of them, they really needed to move past this experience, and I was secretly looking forward to wedding invitations, but yet again my thick headed son was going to need a very large push if any of this is to ever happen. As predicted, when I brought up the subject of the future I got quite the reaction from the pair. "WHAT? I mean… okay that's great and all, but umm…" That son of mine really had no brain when it came to the concept of focusing on a single subject. I blame the ADHD, and I am beginning to think those blue cookies are rotting his brain. I mean, we do need to discuss this, but I guess it could wait a little longer. I was waiting for a reaction, but that never came, so when they got up and left, I let them. After a while I could hear talking coming from the bedroom. I tried so hard to just let them be, but as you know, curiosity killed the cat, and I was no exception. I walked over and stood at the base of the doorframe. I heard the whispering coming from the inside. "… I know but…" "We really do need to go soon. We will attract monsters sooner or later, and I don't want to be near my Mother, or you in that matter when that happens." "Percy, you can be such an idiot sometimes." She got that right. "There is no way you're ever going to get rid of me, Seaweed Brain. As long as we're together, remember? I can't go back to camp, we both know that if we do, well, things could end up…bad. I can't wake up any more of my siblings. I don't care what we do, as long as it doesn't have a negative effect on anyone." Thank you, someone gets my logic. "I know, but I think that camp would be the safest place right now." "Percy, no! We really can't take advantage of the camp anymore. We're twenty, almost twenty one, and don't say that we can go to New Rome, because for one, we burned that bridge, and two, the whole city has actually been burned. You know, there is that three mile…" "You know, Wise Girl, that actually isn't a half bad idea. Not that any of your ideas weren't goods, but you know, this could actually work. Really, actually work." Huh, wonder where she got that idea. Not from me of course. It's not like I just suggested that in the living room. At least they had finally come to some sort of agreement. "Well, I guess that we could look in the area, I mean, we could ask Jason, Leo, and Piper if they want to move in with us. We could all share the rent, and that way we could several people in case of a major attack." Oh my Gods! This was actually going to work, and maybe, just maybe, I might finally get what I want. It would be amazing to finally see those two get a happy ending. They really did deserve it. Those two had a harder life than all of those Gods combined, yet somehow they were never left alone. They had done everything anyone had wanted them to do, and more, therefore, it would only be fair that things finally settled down. It is pretty customary that after one war you let a hero live in peace. If you still didn't after two, that was just cruel.