watches his perfect ski-jump nose. All of a sudden, she realizes that she most definitely cannot ask him because just looking at him has consumed all her energy. Her eyelids are so heavy that it is taking a substantial amount of effort to keep them open, and they droop against her will. She snuggles closer into his lap and can feel fatigue luring her into sleep. The last thing she remembers is Percy wrapping a gentle arm around her torso and her legs and softly lifting her off the sofa. She wakes up in Percy's bed and rumbling snores tell her he is sleeping on the floor below her. … Reyna is running late. Literally. She is sprinting faster than she has ever sprinted, and she gulps breaths of harsh air swifter than a professional track runner. It is already five minutes past the time she and Leo agreed to meet, but since she usually arrives there ten minutes early, she considers herself fifteen minutes late. She rushes into the shifty shack where she and Leo have been building their car and drops her bag onto a chair before heading into the main room. "Leo, I'm so sorry I'm—" She stops abruptly. Wooden shutters close over the windows, but the soft glow of candlelight flickers through the darkness. Candles are everywhere, she notices. They dot the ground and cover every surface of every box in sight and on top of the car they… She slowly walks up to the car. On top of the car are perched two metal puppies, one gold and one silver. Upon closer inspection, she notices that their collars say Aurum and Argentum. Gold and Silver. She turns to him, stammering, "What—what's this?" Then she notices that his untamable curls have been combed, and his uniform is straight and neat. He looks like a hyperactive elf in an unfamiliar uniform, and Reyna thinks she has never seen anything more beautiful in her life. He anxiously leans over to tap the dogs' noses with his wand, and they immediately start barking. It takes a second for Reyna to understand the message they are trying to convey, but when she does, she is suddenly on the verge of tears. Because Leo Valdez is asking her to the Yule Ball… in Spanish. Reyna is so overwhelmed that all she can do is nod. A huge smile breaks out on Leo's face—as if he thought she might say no —and she attacks him with a huge hug. So what if she doesn't have hundreds of suitors? She has one perfect guy, and that is more than enough. … Percy is trying to work on his Potions essay—really, he is—but he finds it hard to focus with the love of his life sitting across from him. He and Annabeth are in the library, studying like they always do. At least, Annabeth always studies. Percy usually studies Annabeth. She is wearing a worn navy Ravenclaw sweater. It dwarfs over her petite frame, and the sleeves are so long that only her fingertips peek out. Her cute little button nose is tinged pink from the cold, and a thick fringe of dark lashes frame her eyes. Soft blonde ringlets brush her soft cheeks and the tops of her shoulders. She is perfect. He sighs and rifles through his Potions notes, because if he does not finish this essay, Professor Snape has vowed to murder him. He is trying to find any notes about gillyweed when he finds a scrap of parchment that brings his rifling to an abrupt stop. It is the sketch he had drawn the evening before, when Annabeth asked him if he had been invited to the Yule Ball. Annabeth had been lying on his lap and the way her features glowed in the light of the flames was too beautiful not to sketch. But only when he finished drawing did he realize that he hadn't just drawn her lying there. He had drawn her— "Fuck," he mutters, then louder, " Fuck ." "Do you need help?" Annabeth asks. Percy quickly looks up from the sketch. "Um, not really. I think I got it." Annabeth snorts fondly, because she knows full well that he needs her help. She scoots over to sit next to him so she can help him look through his Potions notes. And she sees the sketch. Percy freezes. Her eyes remain fixed firmly on the scrap of parchment as her hand reaches out to take it from him. Her pink lips part and her eyebrows dip slightly into a focused frown as her gray eyes dart over the sketch. The sketch is simple and breathtaking, Percy must admit. Her features are drawn with elegant, inky strokes to precise perfection. Everything from the curve of her cheekbones to the line of her lashes is exact. There is not a single flaw in that drawing. Except that in the sketch, she is pressing a soft, chaste kiss to his lips. She finally looks up, and Percy can see thick emotions swirling in her eyes. His heart skips. "I'll…" he sighs heavily, blinking idiotic tears from his eyes. "I'll just go." He makes a move to get up, but Annabeth's tug on his hand prevents him. He is looking at her in surprise when she kisses him, exactly mirroring the kiss in the sketch. Pure happiness floods through him, and he does the first think he can think of doing: he pulls her into a massive bear hug. He can feel her laughing against his chest, and he instantly feels a rush of affection for this girl who makes him so much better. He laughs too, a deep rumbling sound that reverberates throughout his whole body and makes him feel alive. They stay like that for a while, just enjoying each other's presence. So he's not really sure if she just agreed to go to the Yule Ball with him, but he figures he'll find out later. (They do.)