back, deeper, louder. He used the presence of water nearby to intensify his aura. No letting his fear taking over, the wolf jumped at Percy but the boy squatted before jumping and spin, landing a hard kick on the wolf side and sending him in a tree. The wolf shot on his paws and circled around the boy. Percy dropped his spear and readed his fists. The huntresses shook their heads at the stupidity of the boy. Zoë was about to call the wolves back when Artemis raised her hand. "I want to see how he will handle it." Said the goddess with a small smirk. The wolf jumped on Percy who avoided at the last moment and kneeing the animal. The wolf dropped heavilly on the floor. And Percy jumped on him. He tried to lock him down but the brawl continued on the floor. Rolling, growling. And after ten minutes, they stopped. Percy was on top. Pinning the animal down. He had a knee on it's mouth, another on the rear of the body of the wolf, each hand pinning two legs. The boy was in a bad shape, blue bruises on a cheek, his leather armor was torned apart, deep wounds showing and bleeding. But he didn'tseem to mind. In a low, deep and growling voice, he talked to the wolf. "Stand down." And the wolf stopped resisting. His eyes passed from red to green and Percy's passed to a deep glowing ruby color. Percy stood up and Soon, the alpha backed down and looked at him with wariness. Percy walked close to him and put a hand on his head, petting him. "Don't worry friend, I won't hurt you or your pack." Said the demigod. The wolf sat and Percy smiled. He turned to the Hunt and Zoë smirked while Apollo began to take care of Percy's wounds. "Well, we know what your role will be now and where you will sleep, but I'm curious, how did you managed to speak with the alpha of our wolf's pack?" Asked the lieutenant. Percy seemed sheepish. "Well, it's not like we speak to each other, it's more like I understand what they want to tell me, it's instinct. I developed during my life. Which make me think." He turned to the sky and whistled loudly. A second later, Snow landed on his shoulder. Percy scratched his head gently. "Everyone, meet my friend Snow." Apollo whistled softly. He was shocked to see his new son's display. "I knew you were awesome, but in fact, you are badass." Said the god of the Sun. Percy chuckled and Artemis decided to make the decision official. "Okay. Girls, I present you our new recruit, and your new brother. Meet Perseus Jackson, Son of Poseidon, Champion of Apollo, Alpha of the Hunt." Said Artemis, putting a hand on her nephew's shoulder. Everyone introduced themselves, rather grudgingly. Some seemed indiferent like one called Phoebe, but most of them had a small glare. and Percy smiled at all them, having for the first time a family. The sun was setting and Percy turned to Artemis as she was shooting arrows with her the huntresses. "Milady. Do you want me to go and hunt for tonight's meal? I have been living here for a year now and I know the good hunting points." Offered the son of Poseidon. Artemis looked at him for a moment before nodding. "It would be great yes. Take a huntress with you as well. That way she will learn them as well." Percy nodded and turned to the huntresses. Phoebe stepped forward. "I'll go. That way, I'll see how good he really is at hunting." Said the girl with a small grin. Percy smirked and nodded. He turned around and walked away with the huntress. He was about to leave camp when he stopped he turned back. To face his pack following him. "Guys stay here, protect the camp. I'll go hunt with Phoebe. I'll come back with food." Ordered the alpha. the wolves sat reluctantly and Percy smirked. "Good boys." They have been walking for ten minutes now. Phoebe had observed the hunter with attention and had to admit that he was good to walk in the wild. He wasn't making a sound and was leaving no trace, as if he was a part of the vegetation. Then he stopped and raised his hand to tell her to stop. He crouched a bit. She followed and looked above his shoulder. there was two boars and a deer. Percy smirked and slowly unsheathed his daggers. He climbed in the trees and ran in the branches with skill. he jumped down once he was above his targets and rammed the weapons in the two boars beasts, snapping instantly their spine. Not lasting on them, he drew his spear and launched it to the deer like a javelin, hitting the beast in the neck. He got up and looked to the huntress who was mouth agape at the display of skill of the demigod. She walked to him and clapped softly in her hand. "That was a good show Jackson." Percy smirked. "Well I did spend my life in the woods. But Phoebe. We'll have a problem." Said Percy, his smile dropping. Phoebe frowned. "How are we gonna get these to the camp." Phoebe looked taken aback and then exasperated. It took them an hour to get back with the three beasts to the camp. When they arrived, everyone stared at them and looked impressed at least a little. They dropped the boars on the floor and Percy threw the deer to his wolves he turned to the hunt and both spoke at the same time. "No way we cook that." Stated the two as they leaned against a tree. Thanks to Hurader for the more than helpful review, I now corrected a few mistakes. So thanks Hurader. And having such a crowd for a fist chapter is amazing, I thank you guys!