we'd be here all day, if you wanna know everything he's done then we'd be all week" she finish after taking a huge breath. "He was part of four other quests and was the 'Great Prophesy' after I chickened out and became hunter to stop ageing. You know, a pissed of me is loads better than having an angry Percy, your toast now. We had a duel ourselves before and I was about to surrender to him, but the oracle came over. You are so lucky that he didn't use his whole limit of power on you" she said finishing of her lecture "Wait, what do you mean 'whole limit of power' wasn't that all of it?" I asked confused because what I saw was pretty intimidating. "No, it wasn't. Don't you get tired when you use your powers? cause I know I do. Did you see him when he stormed off like that? did he look tired at all? " she replied. Now that I think about it, No he didn't look tired just really really angry. Thalia must've seen what I just realised, she gave me a tired smile and walked off, but not without giving my shoulder a pat. After she left the rest of the crowd followed her lead, all of them either gave me a satisfied smile, a look of pity or a look that said 'what you did was unforgivable'. Dionysus left without a second glance back and Chiron gave me a look of pity before clopping of. Realisation dawned on me after everyone left, leaving me alone in the middle of the Arena. Percy Jackson was now my enemy, the greatest swordsman and hero of this century. I went back to my cabin to get changed before I try to apologise to Percy. Once I got changed, I went of to the beach to find Percy. It was near sunset by now and once I reached the beach I was just in time to see the sun sink into the water. There was a soft breeze, ruffling my hair a bit, the sky had at least five different colors, light blue, dark blue, purple, pink, orange, yellow. It was beautiful, there was small waves overlapping the sand. Annabeth was sitting on the sand looking at the water with Percy nowhere in sight. I walked up to Annabeth and sat down next to her. "What do you want?" she asked me not even looking at me. I winced at how rough that sounded, there was tear stains on her cheeks and her eyes were bloodshot, probably from crying. "Have you seen Percy?" I replied back looking back at the sea. "No, when I got here he already jumped into the water, I don't know where he is or if he'll come back" she said looking at me now her eyes were soft but with a tinge of hatred. "Yeah, well I came here to apologise…" I trailed of there. What if he doesn't forgive me? What if he doesn't even come back? What if-. "Don't worry Jason, he'll forgive you if that's what your thinking about" she said with a slight chuckle "Why do you think he got angry at you when you mentioned them , do you know why he stopped when I said I asked him if he really wanted to destroy our home?" she asked. I just mutely shook my head no. "It's because his fatal flaw is personal loyalty, he just can't bear to see others hurt because of him. He thinks its because of him that they died, he can't bear to see so many of his friends get hurt because of what he caused. He just can't " she replied to my confusion and that was deep . "You know, he went to half of his quests, no actually all of his quests because his friends or family was captured, hurt or was going to get hurt. He didn't do them to get glory or anything, his first quest to get the lighting bolt back?, he went because his mom was captured" she said with a look of amusement on her face. "Wow…" was all I could say. Then all of the sudden Percy walked up from the water looking refreshed. Annabeth ran over to him and hugged him tight. He looked surprised for a second before he returned it back. When they let go of each other, they walked up to me hand-in-hand. Annabeth gave me a reassuring smile then put her head on Percy's shoulder. "Hey man, ummm I'm sorry for before you know for saying all that stuff" I said looking at the sand at my feet. "And for you know basically everything" I finished off looking up to him slowly. "Its cool man, I mean everyone gets jealous once in a while don't they?" He replied back which really shocked me because of everything I said, I thought he was going to pulverise me. "Now who wants to skip Dinner and just stay here?" he asked. And that's how we ended up sitting on the sand together, with Annabeth on top of Percy and me next to him. We talked and laughed for a while before it was curfew and we had to go to our respected cabins. That's when I realised just how great of a hero Percy was. He was kind, strong, brave, courageous, reckless, easy-going, unlucky and loyal. He even told me about the inside joke he was laughing with Thalia about. Before I closed my eyes to sleep that night, I felt that I just made the best friend I could, besides Leo and Piper of course. OKAY, OKAY I KNOW REALLY SUCKISH ENDING ACTUALLY MAKE THAT THE WHOLE STORY BUT SERIOUSLY? I JUST STARTED SO YEA IM PRETTY SURE THAT ONCE I GET THE HANG OF WRITING THIS KIND OF STUFF IT'LL GET BETTER AND SO YEA THX FOR READING! YOURS IN PIZZANESS AND ALL THAT PEACE OUT :D:P:D