fatherly toward me. He never even knew me until less than four months ago. He thinks claiming to be saving me from something he can't prove is going to make me love him? He's mistaken. Patrick sighs; a puff of grey mist comes out. "It's started," he woefully says. "What's started?" I ask, curious. "I deserve to know. Why can't Hecate help? What did Helios mean when he said I have to do this by myself?" Patrick approaches me. He looks down at me, his grass green eyes filled with the regret of a dying man. When I am about to question him, I see it; from his green iris' shoots a red glow. "You're under the control?" I exclaim. "But...?" Patrick turns away from me. "Ares trusts me, however not completely. I have control over my thoughts and actions most of the time. There are moments where I can't control it. When I could, I've tried to help. Like just now, I put a charm on you to protect you from the seventh stage of Ares' plan. I can tell you all stages except the next one and stage seven." According to Patrick, stage one is separation; he tried it in Denver, and then succeeded today. Stage two is mentally breaking me; a continuous stage that is a part of the other stages. Stage three is physically breaking me. Four is emotionally. Five is next. Number six is isolation. He isn't allowed to tell me what stage seven is. Eight is Kronos entering and controlling my body. "So... You are going to help?" I clarify. Patrick woefully shakes his head. "I can't anymore; I am dying thanks to Helios. He put the Medusa hex on me. I'm slowly turning to stone. My feet..." he takes a few deep breaths. I study him; Pat's hair is longer, he is dressing in an army uniform. A purple and black striped bandana is around his upper arm. His face conveys pain. "-have already turned," Patrick finishes after breathing. "PATRICK!" an angry voice bellows from the communicator on his belt. "HOOK HER UP!" I look to Patrick with fear; one of his eyes is green, the other blood red. "Yes boss," he calmly says into the device. Patrick wheels me over next to a guy, Jeff, positioning me so we are matched up limb-for-limb. I call Patrick's name, asking him what he's going to hook me up to. However I find him to be gone. Black magic fills the air. I cough and try not to breathe in the evil. I give up after a few minutes. I close my eyes, not being able to resist. A few seconds later I can see my body. I look peaceful while passed out. Accept for the part about my skin looking like ink has exploded all over. Jeff's skin has the same effect. Ares enters the room; the sight of him causes me laugh. The god has bandages all over him, his human form damaged. Edith the Apollo kid pushes him in a wheelchair. His face looks bruised. He glares venomously at my body. "I can't wait until stage seven," he mutters. Two demigods enter behind Ares, carrying a big box. They place it on a table behind the two bodies lying on the table's heads. The demigods take a plunger-looking device from within the box, strap it onto our heads. They feed a wire up our nose; they detach the IV and air tube from me. A vial of blood is taken from each of us. Patrick returns and is given the substance before leaving again. I follow him downstairs to my kitchen, which is being used as a makeshift laboratory. On the counter there is a symbol similar to the 'bound' one I had. Patrick mixes the two samples, dips his finger in, and traces the symbol with our blood. It glows, shoots up into the air as a vapor, and then follows Patrick as he goes back to the room. I follow. When I get back, I take a double look. They move the original me to a different room after the vapor dissipates into the two bodies on the tables. I follow Patrick against my will, leaving Ares and Edith with my second body. Pat goes upstairs to my old room, carrying my body the rest of the way. He places me in my bed, under the covers in the same fashion a father would with his sleepy toddler. Patrick sits on the edge of the bed, looking at my body with his blood red and emerald green eyes. "I'm sorry Diana, but I must do this..." he chokes up. Tears race down his face as he mumbles an amnesia spell- however it's not exactly amnesia... I suddenly feel drawn to the body lying in the bed. Ten of my brothers appear including Derrek. I back up against the door as they slowly advance on me. "Don't resist Diana," one of them orders. "This is for your own good," another says. "How?" I demand. They ignore my question. "You have a destiny to fulfill," Derrek says. I try to open the door I am backed up against but find that I can't leave. "There's no escape," they all say. I give up. I go towards my brothers willingly; they all cheer. My brothers pick me up like the MVP of the soccer team, carrying me over to the bed, and are just about to plop me down into the bed when the door to the room flies open. Nathan enters, his sword in hand. Patrick uses his magic to send the sword flying into my closet. A black smoke curls around Nathan, grips him, and he slides up the wall of my bedroom. Patrick is doing the Darth Vader force choke hold but isn't choking Nathan; it's what is holding him in place. My brothers decide now would be a good time to force me into my body. Everything goes black.