fly open. She doesn't notice him at first. She just looks confused, and mad at herself for falling asleep. Then her eyes roam around the battlefield and she looks at the monsters and demigods who are trying to righten themselves. And then she sees percy. At first she doesn't seem to understand this either. And then she screams. Percy isn't sure what to do, so he just supports the sword with one hand, and the scythe with the other. Then he decides to drop the scythe. No one will be needing that. He blinks at Annabeth, and then down at the sword. "You missed all the fun," he informs her, his voice tight. His mouth tastes like blood. "Medic!" is what Annabeth shouts. She launches off the porch and flutters anxiously for a moment before helping Percy sit down. "What happened?" she demands. "I stabbed Kronos," Percy replies, reaching for her hand. "You stabbed yourself, you idiot!" "Same thing. I let him possess me. He was going to hurt you. I had to stop him." His breaths come out in gasps. Who knew stabbing yourself hurt so much? "What in the gods' names were you thinking?" Annabeth says. She looks out to the field surrounding them, and watches everyone watching them. Most monsters are unsure what to do. They saw Kronos' scythe in Percy's hand. The titan wouldn't have just lost it. "I had to stop him. I-I think you were right. 'Bout my sword. It was cursed. I don't think this would've worked, otherwise." "Gods," Annabeth says. Her hands are applying pressure around the sword. It hurts. "MEDIC!" Percy spits out blood. He wonders if all the medics are too busy to help him. Oh well. "It's okay," he tells Annabeth. She watches Kronos' army begin their hasty retreat. Percy smiles. This is exactly what he hoped would happen. "It's going to be okay," Annabeth says to him. Her bottom lip is quivering and her eyes are tearing up. "Can I have that kiss? 'M terribly greedy, y'know." Annabeth hiccups and nods. She leans over and plants a kiss on his lips. It's much shorter than he would have liked. "I wish I could've stolen more kisses from you," he whispers. "Please don't cry." Surprisingly, that doesn't help at all. Big, fat tears start coming out of her eyes. "It's going to be okay," she says, and kisses him one more time. All that's left of Kronos is gold dust. It comes out with Percy's last breath, and Annabeth wipes it away. It has no business being there. Chiron believes that because Kronos died in a body that was mortal, his death will be permanent. At least, that's what he tells Annabeth. The next day, they burn Percy's shroud. The camp cheers for the hero of Olympus, and Annabeth likes to think that Percy would have hated it, but appreciated the effort. Annabeth watches the Poseidon cabin from afar. Everyone else is in bed, and the harpies can be heard screeching in the distance. They don't bother her, though. Perhaps they can feel the anger she's radiating and take it as a sign. She likes to think that she's handling everything well. She creeps closer to the cabin, slowly, hardly moving at all. She makes it to the door and stands in the threshold, her hand on the doorknob. The low structure hums around her, welcoming her. She wants nothing but to be anywhere else. But for some reason, she still stands in the doorway. Perhaps she's searching for the boy who stole so much of her heart, and then ran away with it. Annabeth's anger makes room for hatred. She isn't sure exactly where these emotions are coming from. Malcolm says it's grief. Fuck Malcolm. The cabin seems empty without Percy's sly smile. Annabeth sits down on a bed - not his. No one bothered to make his bed. She places Percy's golden pen on the sheets in front of her. It looks innocent. She wishes it would melt into a puddle of gold and ink. It seems to take hours to pull the lid off and then a bronze sword is in her hands. It shines brightly, its cleanliness mocks her. In a detached way, she wonders who cleaned his blood off. She feels frozen in the moment. The feeling is broken when the blade suddenly feels too hot in her hands. Like a grenade, she tosses it across the room. It flies over a bed and under another. It doesn't explode, but she does. " I hate you !" she yells. Annabeth isn't sure what she's yelling at anymore. The cabin doesn't respond. The only person she wants to hear a response from isn't there, and his sword lies forgotten there for years. In the attic of Camp Half-Blood lies an empty painting. On the floor in front of it is a blanket with an unhealthy amount of dust blanketing it. There's also a broken Christmas ornament that fell at some point in the decades since someone had ventured to the corner. A book lies forgotten on the floor, opened to a page that was never finished. A/N: this was going to have a sequel that was like HOO or at least parts of it, but that's not happening now lol. (also, if you're thinking riptide was only gold in the movies, i pictured it more like a fountain pen because i don't think they had like bic pens when percy was chilling around camp halfblood. plus it's more classy.) if you notice any places that seem like they need line breaks, lemme know because this website hates me and i had to go back and put them all in. do you see how many line breaks there are. do you. do you. anyways, thanks for making it all they way through this. it took over a year to write so i feel like there's so weird things going on, but i hope you enjoyed it.