me knowing that I looked like one too. My prominent cheekbones and jawline – things I inherited from my father – didn't help the gauntness of my countenance, either. It was obvious that I was more than a little worried – I was scared. I couldn't imagine how I would manage to act normal around Fletcher all day, especially considering he was here to "watch over" me. As I stepped into the shower, I considered just how ridiculous that sounded, Fletcher watching over me . I could think of no one less responsible than Fletcher Meadows. With that thought, I sped through my shower, brushed my teeth, got dressed, and raced back downstairs. I had not been fast enough. I gaped at the disaster area that was now my kitchen and tried to decide whether I should call nine-one-one to report a burglary. Nine-one-one, what is your emergency? Hello, yes, my best friend has stolen my peace of mind, as well as all my food. "Dude!" I called out as I surveyed the damage, chip bags and candy wrappers and – did that soda can have a bite out of it? – empty takeout boxes strewn all over the counters and the floor. "Why— No— How did you do this?" "What?" he called back, obviously not paying attention. He was in the living room playing a video game. "Never mind." I sighed as I pulled a trash bag from my barren pantry and got to work cleaning up. By the time I finished up scourging the kitchen, Fletcher had put on some romantic comedy B movie. I threw myself into an armchair, ready to stay put here until my dad got home. I couldn't focus on the movie; I simply had too much on my mind. Sitting there, I let my mind drift to yesterday's dreams. Those dark figures in the cave had terrified me. I was afraid to even close my eyes anymore for fear that the shadows would be there when I opened them. And that statue on the hill had spoken. What had she called me? A bastard child? Wasn't it, like, unacceptable to call people that these days? Like I needed reminding that my mom wasn't around… Let's not go there, I thought to myself. I'd been down that path far too many times. What else had she said? Something about a… a broken oath. A "tainted vow." Whatever, it probably meant nothing, anyway. It was just a dream. With that, I forced myself to pay attention to the stale plot of the movie. Several hours and too many rom-coms later, Fletcher's stomach rumbled – loudly – announcing that he was hungry. As if on cue, he stood up and complained, "I'm starved." I got up and walked after him. "Are you sure? You ate the whole kitchen. I'd hate for you to eat all the other rooms as well," I replied dryly. To tell the truth, I was hungry too. I hadn't eaten anything all day, and it was about dinner time. "We could go pick something up." Fletcher jerked his head toward me, the same look on his face he had given the women at Vasily's, startling me. He looked at me for a moment and said, "Nah, it'd be better if we stayed here. We can just order a pizza." I got an idea. "Why would it be better to stay here?" I countered, narrowing my eyes. "Something out there scare you?" I was all in. That took him off guard. "N-no, I just, don't feel like going out is all, bro. What makes you say that?" I had him on the defensive. I steeled myself and went in for the kill. "You're right, it would be a shame if we were to run into anymore hungry beautiful women. After all, you're supposed to be watching over me." Fletcher was in shock. However, we both turned our heads when we heard a key turning in the front door. Finally, my father was home. I shot Fletcher a glare and ambled back to my armchair. He followed and took his place on the couch. "Hi, Papa," I spoke, a hint of annoyance in my voice. All this nonsense was really eating at me. "Hi, Mr. Lebedev," Fletcher mumbled, still in a daze. "Ah, hello, boys. How was your day?" I picked up on the anxiety in his voice. "Fine," I replied. "We just watched movies. Also, we need to go grocery—" "Alexey," he interrupted with my seldom-used proper name, "we need to talk." Papa, Fletcher, and I sat in silence in the living room – the two of them on the couch and me still in the chair. Nerves flooded my body. I had no idea what to expect, so I kept up my act. "Uh, Papa, is there a reason we're having this talk with Fletcher here?" Fletcher eyed me carefully, as if gauging how fast I could run and whether he could catch me, but he stayed silent. "Fletcher is here because I asked him to be." "I don't understand. Is someone dead?" "No, Alexey, no one is dead." My father sighed. "Yet," Fletcher murmured. Papa gave him the evil eye. "Okay, I've had enough," I declared. "Tell me what's going on. Now." Papa looked away for a few moments, and then looked me directly in the eye, and began to speak. "This is difficult, Alexey. You— We are in a difficult situation. And I know that we've had hard times before, and we've always gotten through them, together, but nothing like this. What I'm about to tell you, it's… Well, frankly, you aren't going to believe it." "Can you get to the point?" "Please, Alyosha, I'm trying. Your Papa is trying. But, I will attempt to cut to the chase. This is about who you are. Or, more precisely, what you are." He took a moment, rubbing his eyes. I said nothing. Finally, he started again. "You, Alexey, are a demigod."