chest and pretended to do chest compressions. "Doctor," Annabeth guessed. She was still pretty sober. Will stopped the motion and started laughing. "Yes!" he exclaimed. "Its funny" -he paused due to laughing too hard- "because I AM A DOCTOR!" Will stood up and so did Nico. He helped guide his boyfriend to a seat. Percy, Jason, and Piper laughed hysterically. Annabeth went up next. Nico ignored the game and found a place in the back to sit with Will. The son of Apollo looked lovingly into Nico's eyes. "Can I kiss you?" Will asked. "Will, you are drunk," Nico said. "Noooooo," Will sang in a deep voice. Nico sighed. "Yes you are. I do want to kiss you but not li-" Will tackled Nico to the ground. He started sloppily kissing him. Nico was okay with Will kissing him, but Will was drunk. He tried breaking up the kiss; Will stopped and moved to kiss Nico's neck. "Is this okay?" Will slurred on the pale boy's neck. Nico nodded. "Will, how about we do this when you are sober," Nico suggested. Will kissed and sucked and his neck and collarbone. Nico gently and slowly pushed him off. Will stayed off. He looked at the rest of the group, surveying them. Will looked at Nico. "If I had to give you a kidney, I would do it," Will said. Nico deciphered this as drunk Doctor Will saying he loves him. He wrapped an arm around Will. "I would do it for you too," Nico said through a chuckle. Will smiled. Will's eyes drunkedly scanned the room. He slowly stood up. He approached the table with food and booze; Frank had left Will's half-filled bottle there. Nico's boyfriend grabbed the bottle and chugged the rest. He went for another one. Nico jogged over, snatched the bottle from his hands. Will protested; Nico stuck his arm out as far away as he could. Will tried to get the bottle, but Nico's body blocked him from getting the prized possession. Will gave up after a few seconds, not realizing the rest of the drink stash. Hazel approached them, grabbed the bottle, and disposed of it for her brother. "Nico?" Will tiredly said. His head was on Nico's shoulder. "Yes?" Nico deadpanned. "I love you," Will said. "I want you-" he jabbed his pointer finger in the son of Hades' chest "-to go to bed with me." Nico's eyebrows raised. What was Will saying? "Go to bed, as in….?" Will stood up straight, or at least as straight as he could, grabbed Nico's hand and dragged him over to the bed. Meanwhile the rest of the group watched in confusion, awe, and caution. Will dropped Nico's hand once he got to the bed. Will took off his pants, kicked off his shoes. He climbed under the black covers, snuggled into the mattress, and then looked at Nico expectantly. Nico stayed where he was. "I want you to sleep right here," Will told Nico. He patted the spot next to him. Nico looked over to the group. "We can leave, if you want," Annabeth said. "We could all go to Percy's cabin." Nico studied Will, and then looked back at his friends. "If you don't mind," Nico sheepishly said. His friends left right away. Hazel gave Nico a hug on her way out, whispering to keep safe. Nico promised he would. Nico changed into his pajamas and climbed into bed with Will. Will drew him in close, wrapping himself around the tinier son of Hades. Nico stroked his hair. "I lub oo," Will groggily said. Nico chuckled. "You're kinda cute when you are tired. Love you too," Nico replied. Will was snoring lightly soon after. Nico positioned himself comfortably with his boyfriend before falling asleep himself. Nico woke up slowly. He had one of the best sleeps since Tartarus. Typically he was plagued by nightmares of the place when he forgot to take his sleeping medication, but the previous night was different. He remembered clearly everything that had happened the night before. He remembered the movie; people eying him to monitor how much he would drinking; stopping at one due to Will drunkenly entering the cabin; taking care of Will; falling asleep asleep with Will. Nico realized that Will was still holding him then, and the two boys were facing each other. Nico gave Will a peck on the forehead before carefully removing himself from his boyfriend and bed. Nico entered the bathroom and brushed his teeth as well as got dressed. He left the bathroom, found that Will was still out cold. Will was snoring loudly, which was very cute to Nico. He looked at the time; his clock read 10:26AM. He heard Will move. He looked back to the bed. "Nico?" Will groaned. "What am I doing here?" Nico chuckled. "You got really drunk last night," Nico bluntly told him. Nico helped his boyfriend out of bed. Will was obviously hungover. He was dizzy and stumbled around. Nico got Will to sit down on his bed. Nico grabbed Will's pants. He gently pushed his boyfriend to lay down on his back. "Never thought that I would be doing this," Nico embarrassingly commented. We put Will's feet through the leg holes, then got the son of Apollo to stand up. He pulled them up so they were on his boyfriend's body correctly. Nico got Will to do up the zipper and button. It took Will a minute but he got it eventually. Will and Nico decided to go to breakfast. Will had Nico guiding him the whole way. Luckily Chiron was too busy in the infirmary tending to alcohol-related incidents to see the Head Healer in this state. Nico sat Will down at the Hades table and got them both breakfast. A coffee for both, plus some eggs and cereal. Will thanked Nico for helping him. Nico sat down across from his boyfriend. "I," Will proclaimed miserably "am never having that much to drink again."