look like her normal self. They probably didn't. "I am Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena and architect of Olympus." Grover then started. "I am Grover Underwood, satyr and Lord of the Wild." Rachel then stepped forward, while looking extremely nervous. "I am Rachel Elizabeth Dare, and I am just a mortal who can see through your mist thingy." Again, Leo, Jason and Piper looked at her in shock. It was as though they were expecting her to say something different. Paul's turn. "I am Paul Blofis, I am just a mortal." He seemed delighted saying that though. Sally then stepped forward, feeling Poseidon's eyes on her. "I am Sally Jackson, clear sighted mortal." The reactions that got out of the three new demigods were more than what they expected. Piper squeaked, Leo gasped and Jason's mouth dropped open. Sally looked confused as to why they would have such a reaction to her name. Tyson broke the tension. "I am Tyson! Peanut Butter!" He yelled with a grin. Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked at Tyson who was now smiling to himself. They chuckled. Percy now knew it was his turn. He had a feeling he would get the biggest reaction of all so he purposefully waited till he was last. He stepped up and saw the trio's eyes widen drastically when they rested on him. He smiled. "I am Percy Jackson," they gasped, "son of Poseidon, and savior of Olym-." He was cut off when a body slammed into his; almost knocking him down if it weren't for his fast reflexes. He caught the person who slammed into him and now seemed to be trying to wrap their self around him. As soon as he saw the blonde hair he realized he was holding Anna from the future as she clung to him, sobbing. He knew his face must have looked priceless, but everyone else's were about the same as his. In fact, Nick and Thals looked like they were holding themselves back from doing that themselves. Anna continued to sob and Percy's instincts kicked in. He always seemed to have an uncanny ability of comforting Annabeth. Ever since they first met he always seemed to know what to do when she was upset. He tightened his arms around her and rubbed his hand up and down her back in a soothing gesture. He kept whispering "Shh" knowing that will somehow sooth her. And it did. After a few minutes her crying began to grow softer until she was only sniffling. Percy continued his ministrations until he was positive she stopped. Sometime during all that, Zeus popped them up some couches and chairs so that they could be comfortable. Percy walked toward the biggest couch, Anna still wrapped around him, including her legs around his waist, and carefully sat down, setting Anna next to him. Annabeth looked extremely worried about her future self's behavior toward Percy and feared something happened to him. It would explain a lot. She sat on the other side of Percy, after the way her future self acted, there was no way she was leaving his side. No one else made to sit down, they just continued to watch Percy and Anna. The futures were looking upset and Nick and Thals still had that strange longing look as they stared at Percy. The present people were now extremely worried and slightly horrified. What happened to make Anna act like that towards Percy? Percy continued to rub Anna's back as she rested her head on his strong chest. Her hand still curled around the last thing he gave her before he disappeared. Just sitting there, smelling and feeling him again, was enough to make Anna want to cry. But she stopped herself. She knew she was in the past and he was not the Percy that she lost, but essentially, he was still Percy. She pulled her head away from his muscled chest, circled her arms around his neck, and pulled. She could see the surprise on his face right before she kissed him. Annabeth gaped at her future self who was now kissing a very bewildered Percy. She was not the only one. Everyone, except Nick and Thals, had their mouths to the ground and were looking with wide eyes as the daughter of the Wisdom Goddess and the Son of the Sea God kissed. Percy, though still looking bewildered, made no move to end the kiss Anna initiated. After another minute of Anna kissing Percy passed, she finally stopped. She had a huge smile on her face while Percy could only gape while his cheeks started to turn red. Anna giggled, completely opposite of what she was like when she first got here. She looked around and noticed everyone's faces, especially her mother's murderous expression. Reality seemed to crash back into her and her eyes widened when she realized what she did. She quickly let go of Percy but did not move away from him. She would not be able to be separated from him now, she couldn't. Her cheeks flushed and she looked at the ground, not wanting to see everyone's faces anymore. "Sorry." She muttered so lowly only Percy could here. He gently nudged her with his foot, unnoticed by everyone else, letting her know that it was okay. They always were good at their silent communications. Thals decided to save her embarrassed best friend and sat next to her. "So, are we going to read this book or not?" She asked loudly, taking the attention off Anna. Zeus got over his shock and cleared his throat. "Y-yes, let's begin the reading." Everyone then settled on the couches and chairs. The couch Thals, Anna, Percy and Annabeth were on gained Nick and Grover. Thalia sat on another couch with Jason, Leo and Piper. Sally and Paul sat on a love seat and Nico, Rachel and Tyson sat on the remaining couch. Zeus grabbed the book and began to read. Percy I