things he'd seen before, and then more he could never have imagine. Further, away from the palace and his father, away from the fields of asphodel and punishment and Elysium. He knew he'd never find an end. The realm of Hades was as never ending as time. The landscape grew rougher, the same dark light above him that had turned his skin so pale that it hadn't even changed back when he'd spent two weeks in the Mediterranean. There was nothing here but lost souls. Spirits without thoughts floating aimlessly. Maybe it was a punishment. Maybe they just like solitude. To Nico, endless years amongst the endless chatter of asphodel would be as bad a punishment as any of the rolling rocks or the like. But Nico had seen the punishment some of his own siblings received at the hands of Hades' torturers. He had no desire to experience that for eternity. He dropped down in a place further from any he had been before. There were hardly even any souls around here, just endless, endless nothing; a waste or emptiness. Nico sat cross legged, like a child, and let himself be consumed. He could give himself some time to feel this misery. That was how he'd always dealt with it before. The first time they'd all seen Annabeth and Percy kissing, when the mass of campers around them had been delighted and carried them off to the lake, laughing and joking, Nico had carefully slipped away and let the tears spill. He was better off alone, away from prying eyes. It was the way it worked for children of Hades. They could never be comfortable amongst the living. It wasn't long before he realised his were not the only cries he could hear. He quietened down. Who could possibly be out here? The ghost goddess maybe? But it didn't sound like her. She always tormented Nico with his mother or sister. This cry sounded like a baby. He got up and followed the sound. Maybe it was foolhardy. It could have been a monster, but Nico was far from helpless. And nothing ever really tried to hurt him down here. The underworld was his element. There was a cave a little way off, echoing with the sound. Maybe it was just the spirit of a baby, one that died in infancy, but it was incredibly loud for a spirit. He peered into the cave. The darkness here was even more pronounced. And sure enough, there, lying on the floor and wrapped in a bundle of cloth, lay a bawling baby. A real one. Pink, chubby arms, and everything. Nico wracked his brains. He couldn't think of any monsters that disguised themselves as babies. It seemed like a pretty good cover, luring a caring human to their death. Except, if you were going to lure a human to their death, this was not the most efficient place to do so. Nico was probably the first human in centuries. Except for the baby. He approached carefully. The baby stopped crying to hear him approach. The noises it made instead were gurgles. Nico almost found it sweet. "What are you doing?!" hissed a voice behind him. Nico spun around, hand on his sword. A strange old woman was looking at him. "Get away! Go! Get away!" "What's it doing here?" asked Nico, in confusion. "Get away! Master's orders! Get away!" "But, it's just a baby," said Nico, "what's it doing here?" "Get away!" hissed the woman, shooing at Nico with hands, "Master said no one should touch. Get away!" "Master?" Nico prompted. He was not going to leave a helpless baby alone in a place like this. Who would have sent the baby here? He looked down at it, a pale thing with just the beginings of jet black hair and dark eyes. It reminded Nico of someone. "He looks like me..." "Get away! Master get cross! No one touch baby!" "Is your master Hades?" Nico asked. "Yes, god! God of death! Fear! Get away!" "This is a son of Hades?!" Nico growled, furiously. "No!" cried the old woman, but she was looking away, almost a comedy depiction of a lie. "No! Not for you! Go!" Nico seethed. This was a son of Hades! This was one of his brothers. "How long has he been here?" "Lifetime!" the old woman answered. "Get away! Not for you!" But Nico would do no such thing. At least he and Bianca had been locked away in a children's paradise. This brother of his was stuck in hell, unable to grow up in case he could reach sixteen, and then forgotten about. "I'm taking him!" said Nico. "No!" cried the old lady, lunging forward, but Nico was quicker. He plucked up the baby and held it like he imagined people should hold babies. The baby smiled at him, a watery, toothless smile. Nico smiled back. "Give it back!" the old woman cried. "Give it back!" "No!" cried Nico. "He's my brother, so I'm going to care for him. How could you keep him here?" "Safe!" cried the old woman, "safe! Gods!" "That prophecy was fulfilled eight years ago!" replied nico, scornfully, "He's fine now." "No!" cried old woman, "gods be angry! Gods not forget!" "It's fine," said Nico. "He's coming with me. What's his name?" But the old woman simply shook her head, her eyes wide. Maybe Hades hadn't even bothered naming the child before hiding him away and forgetting about him. Nico wouldn't put it past him. No one would have described Hades as loving. "It's alright," he told the baby, "My name is Nico. I'm going to look after you." The baby gurgled and smiled. He held out one chubby hand and gripped Nico's finger. He had a grip like a vice, but Nico didn't mind. The baby was going to be safe now. And Nico wasn't going to let anyone hurt him. Not even the gods. AN: Good or bad, please review! x