a smile. She beckoned him over. He grinned and walked over. "Hey," he said, sitting down. "Hi." "I don't think I've introduced myself." He stuck his hand out, his smile never wavering. "Nice to meet you. I'm Leo Valdez." She giggled, taking his hand and keeping it in hers. "Nice to meet you. I'm Bianca di Angelo." And for some reason, his heart felt a lot lighter. Who knows how long I've been awake now? The shadows on my wall don't sleep They keep calling me Beckoning... Who knows what's right? The lines keep getting thinner My age has never made me wise But I keep pushing on and on and on and on ~Nothing Left to Say Now by Imagine Dragons This was a random one-shot because I am SOOOO conflicted over who I ship more: Caleo VS Lianca (Leo X Bianca)! I just dabbled in it one time and then discovered how freaking adorable they could be. And this one-shot is kind of a combination of both Calypso and Bianca liking Leo so... This did NOT come out as planned. Calypso was supposed to side with Gaea or something and Zeus would have to punish her so Apollo would bring her in to say goodbye and say that was her final wish (to see Leo again) and then he'd be all depressed and meet the reborn-Bianca and... yeah. Leo was never supposed to die and the other members of the seven were never supposed to be mentioned or Hades or some random kid I named Tyler. *pants* Okay, done rambling! Welp, not exactly. If you've read any of my work, then you'd know that I am in the Austin & Ally fandom AND PJO. But for some reason I CANNOT WRITE ONE-SHOTS FOR A&A! I have too many ideas that go too deep into detail and I don't wanna waste a good storyline... Gah. And I'm running low on inspiration and this came out also 'cause I'm an expert procrastinator. And so... I have no idea what else to say. WAIT! Those of you who know me from A&A, I'm sorry I kinda disappeared on you. I just have no simple ideas I can turn into one-shots like this, so I haven't posted anything. Also, I'm having an inner battle with myself, as I have a PJO story planned (and am working on) and I don't know which A&A story to do next. One is a crossover (I have a bad feeling that if I change it it'll come out like...um, little kids are reading this. Sorry) and the other I have no clue how to start. To top it off, my oh-so lovely father stole my computer that I saved ALL my plans and chapters on it; and I have to beg him not to delete them. But, I'm happy 'cause I'm getting better at doing 2,000 to 3,000 word chapters. It might not be long to some, but I'm pretty happy with it. And I don't like to spend very long on one chapter 'cause then I feel like I'm wasting time. Disclaimer — Annabeth: So, you're saying that we're make believe characters from some book? Me: Yep. Pretty much. Percy: But we're standing right here! We're REAL! Me: To fangirls, yes, you're real. But to 'normal' people, you're just book characters. Clarisse: Then why are you writing about us, punk? Me: 'Cause I'm insane like that. Piper: Uh... why am I here? Me: *shrugs* In my mind, where crazy things happen, you're my 'character BFF'. In which, my make-believe best friend. Piper: Oh. Annabeth: Moving on! We ARE real! Me: If you say so... I have blackmail on all of you. Clarisse and Percy: No, you don't! *look at each other* *disgusted* Me: *stifles laugh* Yeah, I do. Piper: What blackmail? Me: I can easily write a fanfic where Annabeth is girly, Clarisse is lovesick, Percy is a bad boy — which now that I think about wouldn't be so bad — and Piper... well, Piper, you're okay. I won't be that mean to you. Annabeth and Clarisse: WHAT?! Percy: *thinks* *tilts head* Huh... me a bad boy... Piper: Aw! Thanks! Me: Yep. I've actually had some ideas of the whole 'Mortals Meet Demigods' thing. Btw, this idea is kind of mine, please don't steal it: Mortal, his friends and Annabeth go to his motorcycle-riding competition, when Annabeth finds out that Percy is entered in it too. BAM! Bad boy!Percy engaged! Percy: *pops collar* Huh. That actually wouldn't be a bad look for me... Annabeth: *blushing like crazy* *muttering* Not gonna say anything... not gonna say anything... Clarisse: *gags* Great. Nice job, Prissy. You made Princess into a girly mess. Piper: Actually I think that was Envy. Everyone knows Percy doesn't have an ego. Percy: *blushes* Me: *grins* Clarisse, if you say the disclaimer, you don't have to watch girly!Annabeth and sort-of-has-an-ego!Percy anymore... Clarisse: Done! Okay... never done this punk's disclaimer before... Um, Envy doesn't own anything you recognize. She doesn't own Nothing Left to Say Now but she recommends Imagine Dragons because THEY ARE AMAZING! She only owns the storyline and someone named Tyler. Me: *snaps fingers* Everyone: *disappears* OH! Before I forget, those of you who are in A&A fandom (yes I do talk about it a lot. Sue me.) I realized something pretty insane. Rick says that some guy named Austin is in the Apollo Cabin as in THE GOD OF MUSIC! When I realized it all I thought was, "OH MY FREAKING GODS!" It's official: Austin Moon is a demigod. BOOM GOES THE DYNAMITE BOOM! (Hehe, I have stolen some very strange catchphrases, haven't I?) Sop! (Just so with a 'p' at the end.) I have just told you my amazing discovery... now I must go... before the FBI come hunting after me... you have been warned... Please review or PM me! Give me some ideas 'cause I'm running low on inspiration, as I said before! Stay Rossome ;)! EnvyNV out!