hide. Now, I have no choice to kill you… my own precious teacher." Yes, the Giant was his own student. A student who chose to go on the dark path. Chiron felt enraged by the news. But if she truly died, she would go to Elysium. "Then we shall die together, as a teacher and a student!" He reached into his pocket and pulled out his last salvation. A bottle full of greek fire, except multiple times stronger. He remembered his master telling him that he would die this way, and that he would know when to use it. Now was the time. Not when the monsters appeared from the labyrinth, not during the Titan War, not the battle with Gaea at Camp Half-Blood, but right now. He could feel it. Now was the time. He thought he would feel fear, or maybe even courage and determination. But instead, he strangely felt happiness. And a bit of peace. His student then charged. FlashBack "Excellent. You have mastered more than five glossa(greek word for tongue). You're now a polyglot!" said Chiron happily. "But teacher, I want to learn more! May I please learn Persian?" asked the yearning student. "Aha, not yet my boy. But soon. We shall fight off Persia with the help of the Athenians and the Spartans. When that happens, you can learn as much as you can. Now, go review your arithmetic homework!" "Yes teacher!" And with those words, the child ran off, smiling at his classmates. Few Months Later "But why Lord Zeus? WHY!" shouted Chiron. "SILENCE!" yelled Lord Zeus. He then added, "That boy has a dark prophecy. We all heard it from the fates. He will one day help another evil force in making Olympus fall. He must be banished… forever." Chiron broke in tears. He looked around the throne room, each god and goddesses face full of anger. "I… refuse. I'm his teacher, and I must guide him on the path he is destined to!" Lord Zeus sighed. "Chiron, you will be banished from the throne room forever. I'm sorry it had to be like this… but I've had enough of your insolence. All in favor?" The hands went up unanimously. "You…. You can't possibly…" On his knees, he stared at his own broken reflection from the puddle of tears and sweat. He was then teleported to Thebes. "Lord Zeus, you have't informed him about the other prophecy. That Chiron is destined to die with his own student," said Apollo. Zeus raised his hand in a look of disappointment. "No, Chiron knows. He has not heard of it, but I think he knows it as well. This… cannot be prevented." "And of the boy?" asked Athena. "Send Athenian assassins and kill him in the dark while he's asleep. Chiron will not be there. Hades, you know what to do." The god and goddess looked sadly at each other before teleporting. And Chiron never saw his face again. End of Flashback Chiron quickly unleashed the cork and let the essence spill out behind his back. Chiron couldn't manage to stop shaking. He would see his true student's face once again. After all, he wasn't as experienced as his master was. But he did learn a thing or two from his own master. Wordsmithing. "WHYYYY!" snarled the monster, now face to face with Chiron, on the verge of decapitating him. "Because… I'm not like you… I still have a soul." He smiled. And with that, they both erupted in flames and fragmentation. 3 Days Later Midnight-colored birds circled through the orange sky in swirling paths, the colors of their skin lit up by the specs of distant suns. The horizon ahead was purple-hued and seemed to drift across the edge of the world. Beneath it all was a vast, green forest that once held a great amount of joy and life. And in it all sat two silhoutted figures against the sole dusk. With a set of binoculars covering his eyes, a girl analyzed the distant lands with a sharp eye. The little girl beside her grappled a handful of green grass and yanked them from the sacred soil, throwing them around to pass the lonely time. I can feel his aura. I know I can. He has to be alive. "How long, Thalia?" asked the little girl, with juvenile respect for her elder. "Not long now," she replied. She sighed. "It… looks we we can't go back," she sadly informed her. "Oh, okay." Was the response. She then looked up to ask. "But why?" She knew, but she asked nonetheless to maybe persuade her elder. "I… can't see anything but black. It's all burnt down to the ground. And I think it has been for days, since there's no smoke." She offered her a small smile, but it could not fool the experienced child. "I want to go back! Just to look!" The purple-hued horizon, supported by the solitude of rays met the knoll peaks and the valley, surfing against the wide fields of plains. The girl set his green eyes towards the village ahead, empty aside from the newly-bloomed strawberries. "Please Thalia. He… he might be there." 3,211 words. Not bad, but pretty short. Don't worry though, this is just the prologue. This is supposed to be centered around three characters: Percy, Artemis, and Chaos. I feel like all the stories are too happy and cliched so I changed it up a little. Yes, there will be Pertemis, so don't worry. But it might get a bit sad with the feels so be prepared. :) Also, make sure to review and tell me how you want things! If it gets too sad, I'll change my style from there. Spread it to your friends if you think they'll be interested. Phew, okay done talking. See you next chapter! (Probably around next week. Follow the story!) :D P.S. - Don't know much about PJO or HOO so correct me if I get any character's names wrong!