advice. If your mom wants honey, tell your mom to buy salsa with chips instead. Don't tell me I didn't warn you. Also, tell her that Percy says hi. Hyperion pushed Annabeth away like a mosquito. Except, Annabeth is a lot bigger than a mosquito. And a lot prettier too (not to offend the mosquito species) I came out of the water cursing. Kids, don't do this a home. My eyes were blazing with anger. Maybe even red. I wish I could have lasers like Superman. I came all the way, and I couldn't die like this. Especially when Oceanus is toying with us. I threw the Trident, which I forgot it was still in my hand. Thought I didn't know how. It probably appeared in my hand after I fall or something. The Trident went straight to his chest and the whole Trident completely past his body. Both of Hyperion sides were bleeding. Badly. " Owwwww! " Hyperion roared. In my ears it was like: Hallelujah, Hallelujah. Cause for the first time in forever (Put in the music from Disney's Frozen) Cause the first time in forever… Sorry I got distracted. I was feeling confident. I had a feeling that he was going to go to Tartarus today. My favorite place in the world. That place is hell. I brought out riptide, which was in my pocket and hit him in the face. And he disintegrated. I know that was a little mean… Ok, really mean to hit him in the face, but I was tired of being the weakling to these people. " Well done, Perseus Jackson. " Oceanus said. " You did much better than I thought you will. " But since I am feeling merciful today, I will kill you quickly." " Not so fast, Oceanus. " I said. Honestly, the so called strongest Ocean guy forgot something. And it was the cage. I turned towards where the cage was and summoned a giant fist of water that destroyed the cage completely. At That moment, I wished I could take a selfie and put it in Instagram: Just a regular day in the ocean: Son saving his Dad. Poseidon stumbled. But then… He changed. He looked exactly the same the last time I saw him. Black hair, a black beard with sea-green eyes like mine. His face looked about 30. He looked strong and powerful. The way he should be. He opened his hand and The Trident went to him. He threw the Trident and went through his stomach. Annabeth stepped in and hit him in the face. And I hit him in the chest. Oceanus disintegrated. I gotta admit, compared to the other battles this one was pretty easy. Maybe he used Hyperion and the monsters cause he knew he wasn't strong enough to kill me, and trap my father. He shouldn't deserve to be the Titan of the sea. He should be the Titan of Losing. Losing for him is like winning ( In my opinion). Poor Oceanus. He will have a fun time being in pain and suffering. " Perseus Jackson " My Father said, " My son, you have grown strong, and you have done well. " His face was filled with love and pride. I've never felt this good before. Well…except kissing Annabeth. But that doesn't count. But this was a close second. My Dad said I did well. It wasn't much of a compliment, but I love him for that. I felt good, very good. Then surprisingly he took a step forward and hugged me. He felt warm and felt like a human being and not a god. His eyes were fill with pride. " You have risen above every hero, Perseus. Even Hercules isn't better than you. " Finally , I wanted to say. All my life, I wanted to be exactly like Hercules, or even better. And this moment has come. I think my eyes are moist (Tears). " I must go my son, but thank you for saving me. " He turned to Annabeth. " You have done well, Annabeth Chase. Take care of Percy and be with him always. Can you do that? " " Yes. " Annabeth said. Before he was about to leave I said: " I love you dad." " I love you too my son. I hope we meet again. " His body turned white. When a god is about to show is true form, this is the best thing to do : look away. Annabeth and I turned away as he showed his true form. You see a god's presence is never actually in the same place at the same time. That happens rarely. The gods can be in many places at the same time. But when their whole presence is together in one place… Their presence can incinerate or dissolve anyone who looks at them. And you wished you could do that when something bad happens to you in your house or school. I felt a bit sad. I wish my dad could stay a little longer. " Seaweed Brain, let's go home. " I nodded. " What I like most about you Percy out of all the reasons is that you will do anything to save your friends and family not matter what circumstance. You will sacrifice yourself to save a friend. She leaned over and kissed me. I felt better. So, Annabeth and I, holding hands, went to go home. The end. Wait… The story doesn't end here Lol. Wait a moment… Does this thing work? Testing 1,2,3… The End. P.S .: But wait! You forget to write a story about when Percy was… Sorry Kid . Don't give the author a hard time. He has a lot of hard stuff to do in his life (like doing homework). Don't bother him. He's kinda tired of writing Fiction books about me (wink, wink) He has many other things to do in his life. Peace. THE END (Seriously?) 10