cabins had of course seen to the decorations and such. Cabins 4, 5 and 6 had (reluctantly under Chiron's orders) worked together to attend to the food, music, logistics, costumes and making sure no one killed each other (in order of importance). All in all, Luke decided, this wasn't that sucky of a Christmas as he had feared. "Luke!" Gus hollered from where he was lugging the Athena Cabin made props to the Big House. "Can you stop whatever admiration of the Christmas tree thing you're doing and help us here?" Luke, startled out of his musings, nearly crashed into Lee Fletcher in the hurry to get to the props. "Careful there." Lee said, hefting a guitar onto his back precociously. "Also, nice job on the tree." "Nice job on I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa - Oh Wait Is That Zeus . How are you guys not killed yet?" Lee shot him a shit eating grin. "The gods are more lenient on festival days. Though at any rate, you shouldn't expect it to become a regular at the campfire." "Hope not." Luke agreed. "Would be a shame to see the lot of you killed." "Well, now, the lot of us-" " Luke !" Gus's shout caused them both to wince. "Help. Now!" Lee popped his ears. "Is he still angry at you about the lights?" "Not really." Luke shrugged. "I stole one for my Cabin from the Dionysus Cabin. They had plenty supply." "Uh huh. And about the wreath you stole from our cabin-" "Luke fucking Castellan!" "Would you look at that, I've got to go." Luke took off jogging towards the Big House. "Bye, Lee! Later." Lee cursed something in Ancient Greek, vaguely insulting and vaguely fond. Okay . Luke decided. Maybe Christmases at Camp won't be so bad after all. Ten years later. Jason Grace did not remember much from his time at the Roman Camp, but with his slowly returning memories he could certainly place events that could have only occurred in Christmas time (and Saturnalia, a voice at the back of his mind whispered.). It had only been two days since the whole fiasco with Hera, and an (according to Chiron) frustrating Winter Solstice, but that didn't seem to do much to hinder Camp's celebrations. It was apparently a bit subdued with Percy's disappearance, but honestly , Jason couldn't tell. What Jason could tell was that the Zeus Cabin needed serious last minute decorating. According to Annabeth, the Zeus Cabin hadn't been decorated for Christmas since the Big Three's oath, which could very well be never in the demigod's years. His sister, Thalia, had never spent a Christmas at Camp ("Except as a tree," Annabeth said with a wry smile, "and oh yeah, also one disastrous and memorable one, but she bunked in Cabin Eight.") and he couldn't imagine any of the other demigods daring to put up Christmas decorations with the statue of Zeus looming over head. So here he was in the Big House attic, on Christmas Eve, with a seriously hyper Leo, searching for anything that even remotely resembled a wreath or tree. "Dude," Leo called out. "Look at what I found!" "If it's another drakon tooth, I'm not really interested-" "Nope!" Leo cried joyfully. "It's some fuzzy dice that supposedly belonged to some Gus or the other. Apparently he stole it from Chrysador's Honda Civic-holy heck , are those ventriloquist dolls?" "Christmas decorations." Jason reminded him. "Ventriloquist dolls are cool and all, but this is Christmas not Halloween." "Totally think you could have made a nativity scene with these dolls if you had enough creativity." Jason tried to resist rolling his eyes. "Just-let's just finish this, alright?" Leo cast a curious glance back at the puppets. "I'm bringing them down." Jason turned around to look at Leo so quickly, he tripped over a box he hadn't seen. In the hazy sunlight that streamed through the tiny window, he barely managed to read the legend on the upturned box: EXTRA CHRISTMAS ORNAMENTS. He took in the spilled contents: baubles, and angels, and bells, and cardboard cut outs of snowmen and Christmas trees. Upon further inspection of the crate, he found candy canes, a holly and mistletoe wreath, some funky looking tinsel and a set of lights among other decorations. "Wow," Leo said; Jason started-he hadn't noticed Leo come up. "Guess we got what we needed. This is a lot of stuff to be kept locked up in the attic. Let's take it down." And so they did. They found Chiron waiting at the edge of the ladder. He looked relieved. "Oh, you boys are back! I was a bit worried since it's been ages since any one went up there-not since the last oracle-" Chiron broke off abruptly. Immediately, Jason realised that perhaps the box had been left in the attic for a reason. Leo-bless his soul-broke the silence. "Were we not supposed to use this?" Chiron let out a stressed laugh. "Oh, no, no. It's fine. I just hadn't seen the box in a pretty long time. We used it till a couple of years ago-you're free to use them." "Are you sure?" Jason asked warily. "Because if it's important-or if there's some sentimental value attached to it-" "Jason," Chiron cut in kindly. "It's Christmas. There's sentimental value to everything. I'm sure." "Okay." Jason said disbelievingly. "Okay...as long as you don't mind." Chiron didn't say anything. He just nodded. "Well," Leo said, "We don't have all day, Superman. Let's get to decorating your Cabin." He skipped out of the Big House. Jason followed him mutely out the door. At the last minute he turned back. "Chiron, are you-" "Just do one thing alright?" Chiron interrupted. "After you put everything up, would you mind putting up the lights you find in the box on the pine tree?" Jason blinked, "Thalia's tree?" Chiron smiled, and not for the first time, Jason could see the years he'd been forced to endure in his eyes. "Exactly."