arm not holding Elpis around her son's neck. Percy seemed a bit overwhelmed by the reaction, but he sunk gratefully into her embrace like he'd done all his life. Ellie shrieked happily at the sight of her brother. Apollo seemed to realise that this was a private moment and slipped away after placing a last kiss on the forehead of the shroud covered body and muttering a quick, quiet prayer. "Mom," Percy said finally, pulling himself away from the hug, "Mom what are you doing here, what about Ellie-?" "I had to come as soon as I heard." She slumped against her son ( her baby boy, when had he grown up so much ?) all the grief she'd been a witness to today finally making their way to her heart. "Percy, I was so scared - I was so worried -" "I meant here as in the Shroud Room," Percy said. "Isn't it - I don't now, morbid? Especially for a three month old to be in here?" Ellie just smiled knowingly up at her brother, blue eyes twinkling. Sally looked down at her daughter tiredly. "She's going to grow up with a very strong stomach, this one." Percy laughed bitterly. "Let's hope she'll not have to." "Bad day," Sally said. She reached up to clasp Percy's cheek. When Percy smiled it was sad and distant. His green eyes swept around the room, over the rows upon rows of bodies. "The worst," he agreed, and closed his hand around her own. He let his eyes snap shut, sighing deeply. "I know," Sally said softly. "It's been absolutely horrible." "Mom," Percy swallowed. He opened his eyes. "I want to stay here, just for a few days. There'll be the funerals, and I have to pay my last respects...I have to stay and help pick up the pieces..." Sally didn't say anything to that. "Mom...?" Percy asked. "Okay," Sally said quietly. "Just a few days, alright?" Percy nodded and ducked down, pressing a kiss to Ellie's cheek. She giggled and touched her brother's face. Sally watched as Percy's face broke out in a true smile for the first time today, watched as her kids - her kids - interacted, love lacing each action. "Thanks, Mom," Percy said finally, straightening up. "I'll be safe, I promise. I'll be back for my birthday and the blue cake." Sally sighed. "I lucked out," she mumbled. "Huh?" Sally just smiled in response. "Keep me lucky, Percy." Maryse was still in the office when Sally went back. The blonde woman hadn't seemed to have moved since she'd left her, and didn't seem likely to do so anytime soon, just staring straight ahead at something in the distance. There was an untouched glass of orange juice and a cookie beside her. Sally sat down next to her. "Maryse, you've got to eat-" Maryse shook her head. She wasn't going to get through her, Sally realised. The poor woman seemed to still be in shock. Sally pulled Maryse to her feet and the woman complied uncomplainingly. "Where do you live?" Sally asked her. It took a good minute for Maryse to answer. "Connecticut." Sally nodded. "That's near enough, Maryse. Let's go get you cleaned up and we'll come back here okay?" "But my Eliza..." "Will be waiting for you." Sally reached out to tuck of strand of blonde hair behind Maryse's ear with her free hand. Ellie had fallen asleep in the midst of it all. "We'll wash up and get some food into you, then we can come back for the ceremony, quick as you please, sweetheart." "I don't want to leave her." "It will take no time at all," Sally said. "You'll be back here in no time, and then no one will take you away from Eliza. Does she have belongings she'd want to take with her to the underworld? Anything she would want? Anything she'd prefer to a shroud." Maryse swallowed. "There was a teddy bear, a Mr Biscuits...her favourite bracelet, pink and sparkly. She had a red frock which she absolutely loved...she wore it every chance she got..." "Let's go get them dear," Sally said. "Do you have a ride home?" Maryse shook her head. "I-I hitched a ride with a friend..." "And you'll do so again," Sally told her. "I'll drive you, my dear." Maryse just nodded, still shaking like a leaf. Her green eyes surveyed the room, sweeping across the photographs of past campers and plaques that bore musty names before finally stopping on Ellie. Her mouth made a small o , and her eyes widened just a fraction. Oh no, Sally thought. Was this a bad idea? "Is she yours?" Maryse asked softly, eyes latched on to Elpis. "She's beautiful." Sally felt a smile begin to bloom across her face. "Thank you." "My Eliza was that small once," Maryse said, almost dreamlike. She shook herself. "Can I-can I hold her...?" "Of course dear." Sally deposited her sleeping child in the younger woman's arms. Maryse's eyes brimmed with tears, but her grip was gentle and firm on Ellie. It seemed practiced. "Let's go?" Sally asked gently, swinging open the door. Maryse nodded her assent and Sally lead her to Thalia's pine tree where she'd parked the Prius. She cast a final look at Camp Half-Blood, the wreckage and the haven, then seated herself in the car. Maryse followed, Elpis clutched tight in her arms, as she clambered in behind her, driving into a new, crueler life. I'd say I'm sorry I made your eyes bleed, but honestly, it was your choice to read it so I'll ask instead : WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU? WHY ARE YOU READING MY SHIT STACK OF A STORY? Okay, but honestly though, if you did read this, thank you SO much and I hope this wasn't TOO bad; I tried. I really did. Tell me what you liked, what you hated, what confused you, what I should improve on int the reviews. :) Thanks for reading!