my sanity." He rubbed his forehead, catching sight of the iron medications that Taylor had left. He sighed and got a glass of water for Will, and took one of the little circular, white, pills out. He handed them to the crazy boy and prayed that he wouldn't choke. Will dutifully swallowed the medication, and gulped down the water. He handed the cup back to Nico, before promptly falling asleep again. …o… Will wasn't tired. Sure, he felt weak and all, but after realizing that Nico was here, he had been pulled out of his stupor. He had only felt colder after that, realizing that he was in the Hades Cabin – the opposite of sun and warmth. But for some reason, he didn't feel as weak as before. He wondered if Nico had something to do with it. Will had decided to mess with Nico a tiny bit. The little guy was easily annoyed, whether or not he showcased his emotions. It was fun to mess with him, especially since he would turn incredibly red in the face when embarrassed. It was weird seeing the son of Hades flustered, because not only did he look adorable, but it was one of the few times he didn't try to hide what he felt. It was difficult to get Nico to open up…and he had found out recently that Nico talked to Will when he was sleep. That is, when Will was asleep. Not Nico. That would be weird. Will wondered if that was possible. It had happened when Nico had visited the Apollo cabin before leaving a few days ago. Will had been asleep, and Nico had started talking to him. He woke up in the middle of Nico's talking, but had stayed still because he knew that Nico would stop if he knew Will was awake. That was how Will found out about Nico's past – about how he had felt isolated at the camp because of his father, the death of his sister, and why he hated the Hunters of the Artemis. Somehow, Nico's sexuality slipped along the way. That part Will wasn't concerned about, since who Nico liked didn't matter to him. Will was hoping that Nico would start talking again if he pretended to go to sleep. He wasn't sure why he felt the undefinable longing, but he assumed it was to understand the little Italian kid more. He didn't want to pressure Nico into telling him anything, so now was the best time to learn something. He plonked back onto the bed after taking his medications, pretending to fall asleep. He heard Nico sigh in relief, and then the grating of a chair being brought up to his bed. Then, out of nowhere, a warm pressure against his forehead. "You're freezing," Nico muttered. "And I'm not exactly the best person to make people feel warmer…I always just end up making people worst." Will attempted to maintain a steady breathing pace. Wait, how did he breathe when he was sleeping? Was it slow? Fast? Normal? What was normal? "Except you," Nico continued, causing Will to freeze. "You're my closest friend…you mean a lot to me. You put up with me, make sure I interact with people, and have made me a better person…you even listened to me the one time I started ranting when you were pretending to be asleep…" Nico trailed off, realization most likely hitting him. Will felt a warm presence on his face again, near his eye. He did his best to not flinch at the close contact – after all, eyes were very sensitive parts of the body. That reminded Will, they really need to open up an eye clinic at the camp, campers really- "Will, I know you're awake," Nico grumbled, poking the boy's cheek. "You might be sick, but you're breathing too fast." Will kept his eyes closed, "That's creepy. You memorized my breathing pattern." "It's not creepy. You just sleep weird." "I do not." "Also, you're speaking in coherent sentences. May I assume that means you've been out of your drunken stupor this entire time and have simply been messing with me?" Nico said, jabbing Will in his side, hard. Will yelped, shooting into a sitting position. He glared at the teenager, "You sound like Annabeth scolding Percy when he gets hurt." "Because you've been faking sick this entire time," Nico cried, throwing his hands up. "Do you realize how worried I was?" … "AW, NICO, I'M SO PROUD OF YOU! YOU'RE SHOWING YOU'RE EMOTIONS!" "WILL, YOU CRAZED BUFFOON LET GO OF ME!" "MY LITTLE NICO IS GROWING UP INTO A FINE YOUNG MAN!" "I'M YOUR BEST FRIEND, NOT YOUR SON!" …o… Taylor crept into the Hades cabin, concerned for Will. He hadn't come back to the cabin, and she was unsure if he was still safe. She pushed open the black, wooden door, quietly; surprisingly, a small bit of light escaped from the cabin. She slipped inside, and almost immediately a smile tugged at her lips as she saw the scene splayed out before her. Any doubts that she might have had about Nico di Angelo were dissolving right then and there, replaced with some form of respect. The boy sat next to Will, who was fast asleep inside the same bed she had left him in. Next to the table, a small lantern and book were placed. Nico glanced up at Taylor, and raised an eyebrow. She shook her head, before gently backing out of the cabin and closing the door. The son of Apollo and the son of Hades…what an odd friendship, eh? ..o… Hello, hello! My "name" is Ethempat but feel free to call me Eth or Ethem. :3 This is a little gift for my amazing friend Sam (I didn't tell you this, heh-heh) who's been really helpful since I came back and really deserves some appreciation! She writes Percy Jackson fics *wink wink* *nudge nudge* Thank you for reading, and please review. :D