the internet without him ever reading the book, and now they suspect that I did the same since they all think we work together as a team, which was true, but never cheating or anything like that, and now they were going to take our grades away, or worse for Percy, they were actually going to make him read the book! "Well?" she demanded "Ma'am, I . . . we don't . . ." "Time's up!" She hissed. Then, the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow bright like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched and turned into long talons. Her jacket melted into her back and turned into big leathery bat wings. She was a shrivelled hag with wings. Then, if you can believe it, things got even stranger. Mr. Brunner, who'd been outside a few minutes ago, wheeled his way into the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted and tossed my brother the pen. Mrs. Dodds lunged at us. With a yelp, I lunged at my brother, using my wings to propel myself and him away from Mrs. Dodds. Percy grabbed the pen in mid air, but when he grabbed it, it wasn't a pen any more. It was a 3 ft. bronze sword . . . Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, the one that he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds slashed at us again, and we both leapt out of the way. I landed a little ways away from Mrs. Dodds, and I almost impaled my back on something. It was a black sword hilt protruding from the museum floor. When I say black, I mean like, a chaotic black. I grabbed the hilt and pulled. It came out a lot easier than I thought, because I went flying back next to my brother, who was desperately trying to get away from Mrs. Dodds. He noticed me, and gestured for me to get up quickly. "We need to get rid of her." I said to my brother He nodded. "But, how are we going to do it?" He asked me "Well . . ." I said, "We have swords, might as well use them." He finally seemed to remember the bronze sword in his hands. He then noticed the black one in my hands. "Where'd you get that?" He asked me. "Lets just focus on not dying." "Okay, yea." Mrs. Dodds lunged at us again with murderous look in her eyes. And we did the only thing that came naturally to us. We swung the swords. They passed clean through her body, as if it was a heated knife going through butter. Hisss. Mrs. Dodds was like a sand castle next to a power fan. She turned into dust and evaporated on the spot, leaving the smell of sulfur and that evil feeling as if she was still watching us. We were alone. Nothing was in my hands any more, and Percy only had a ball-point pen in his hand. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. In fact, nobody was there except for me and Percy. My hands were shaking really bad, Percy wasn't doing any better. His face was white with fear as all the blood drained out of it. My lunch must have had something spoiled in it, or something. Had we imagined it all? Percy was there with me, and his face was still white with fear. It started to rain. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map was over his head. Nancy Bobofit, still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, the rain not helping at all, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw us, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butts." My brother, still slightly colourless in the face, looked at her confused, "Who?" he asked "Our teacher. Duh!" "We . . . never had a teacher named Mrs. Kerr, and if we did, I don't think she came on this trip with us." I said. "On that same note," Percy said. "Where is Mrs. Dodds?" He asked. "Who's Mrs. Dodds?" She asked/spat. We decided to leave that alone. Nancy rolled her eyes, so we left to go see Grover. We asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But he paused and wouldn't meet our eyes for a bit, so we thought he was messing with us. "Not funny, man." I said, "Not funny at all." "This is serious man." Percy said Thunder boomed, which shocked us. So we went to go see Mr. Brunner, who had his red and white umbrella propped over his wheelchair still, as if he never moved. He looked up distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen, Percy. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future." Percy handed him the pen, not even realizing he still had it. "Sir," I said, "Where is Mrs. Dodds?" I asked. He stared at me blankly. "Who?" "The other chaperone. Mrs. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher." my brother said for me. He frowned, looking mildly concerned. "There is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I'm concerned, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you two feeling all right? Alright, this is going to be the first chapter for my first book. Feel free to leave positive feedback if you like. I already have this entire story laid out in my head, same thing is said with the rest of the 4 books. Though, some suggestions would be nice, but I will only pick one that fits best (or have a bunch of them together) with the idea I have in-mind. Anyways, feel free to share this with your friends I will update as soon as I can, so be alert to when it happens. next chapter will be Percy's POV, and I will continue to alternate, Odd numbered chapters for Aaron, Even for Percy. I hope you like this chapter, and the ones from here on out :) Peace out...