sure are having a hard time right now." The emcee said. "Now, let's welcome our last performer…" Percy, Jason, Leo and Frank was still in the euphoria as they were still fidgety from their performance. "That was good, Jackson." Percy glared at the one who greeted them. "Thanks, Castellan." Percy snapped back. "Too bad she's you bestfriend . You should see her expression when I told her- " Luke never got to finish his sentence as he was thrown back when Percy's fist collided with his face. "Don't you ever come near her again." And Percy walked past Luke, who was holding his now swollen face. "Wow Percy, I didn't know you had a punch in you!" Leo said amazed. Percy just laughed and he was later joined by the gang. "Jason! That was a performance!" Piper said as she ran towards Jason and hugged him. She was followed by Calypso, who looked nervous, and Annabeth who was walking with Hazel and Grover. "Oh, Leo. You know Calypso right?" Piper said as she dragged Calypso towards Leo. "She's my classmate and she's super nice. I bet you could be friends!" Piper teasingly said as she elbowed a blushing Calypso. Leo was also as red. "Hazel." Frank acknowledged. "Hey, Frank." Hazel said as she nodded to Annabeth. Annabeth walked slowly towards Percy and all his euphoric feelings was washed out and he was taken over by nervousness. "Hey." She asked and peered at him through her lashes. "Hey." "Ummm… Nice song." She said playing with her fingers. "Yeah, thanks…Ummm…Annabeth I….really like-" He glanced at his bandmates and they were all urging him to go on. "I- I really like…" Percy never got to finish his sentence as Annabeth lips was on his cheek. Oohhs and ahhhs came from their friends. "Thanks, seaweed brain." She smiled and he didn't know what came over him. He grabbed her by the hips and crashed his lips to her in a chaste kiss. She was shocked but Percy felt her shoulders relax. Percy smiled at the kiss. When they broke up, Annabeth's eyes was still shocked and Percy smiled down at her. Grover patted his bestfriend's back and Leo whistled and Frank keeps saying not bad, Percy . Percy laughed and bend down so he could whisper in Annabeth's ear. "I love you, wise girl." Annabeth's eyes widened but they soon changed to that of happiness. "I thought you didn't." She whispered back. "I have deep regards for you as well, seaweed brain." Percy jumped with joy. And keep shouting. "Oh gods! She loves me!" Percy did a little jig and everyone erupted in laughter. "Of course she does! She did from the start!" Grover said. Annabeth blushed and Percy looked at her with a mischievous smile. "You did from the start, huh?" "I'm sorry to interrupt you guys," A man's voice called from behind them. "I'm Chiron. I'm the manager of Halfblood Records. Uh, how would you like to be one of our artists?" A man on his late forties was standing behind them. Everybody's eyes widened and Leo was first to recover. "OH YEAH! The ladies will love Leo more!" Calypso playfully punched him. "Uhh. Sure. We'd love to." Jason said as he shook the man's hand. "And this here sir, is Grover Underwood, he was the one who gave the lyrics the melody and Percy here was the one who came up with the lyrics." Jason said. "We're kind of a total package." Leo said as he wiggled is eyebrows up and down for emphasis. "Great. We'll have a contract signing at 11 tomorrow. Can I have your contact information, perhaps?" Chiron said as he proceeded to type in Jason's number. "Seaweed brain. This is it! You're going to be a rock star!" Annabeth excitedly turned to Percy. But Percy was already at the phone with his mom saying how he's going to tour around the world. Annabeth smiled at him. He's so childish. She shook her head. "And the winner is…." They didn't notice the winner of the battle was to be announced already. They went to the backstage as Chiron excused himself. "The Demigods!" They erupted into shouts. Jason hugged Piper. Frank and Hazel was smiling widely. Calypso was clapping her hands and Leo was dancing around. Percy, Annabeth and Grover was on a group hug and soon everyone joined in. "This is it! Two wins in a day!" Frank said. "Yeah! First the record deal then the battle of the bands!" Jason affirmed. "Actually," Grover whispered to Percy but loud enough for Annabeth to hear. "It's two wins in a row, right Perce." Annabeth and Percy blushed. Grover just laughed. It's finally time. Grover thought. All of them was happy especially a green eyed, 17-year old boy. She finally realized. OOOOOOOOOENDOOOOOOOOOO A/N: Wow! This is my first fanfic ever published online! Yahoo for me! I know it's not good. (It's my first time, forgive me!) I accept criticisms and such. Oh and please let me hear what you think and review. It is highly appreciated. Everyone could probably guess I'm a fan of 5SOS. (I know, I'm hopeless.) Well, I absolutely adore PercAbeth! I ship them so hard I couldn't breathe every time I see their names together. Yay! If there was any holes in the story, I apologize. I'm really new so….yeah. And by the way, the jokes are not from me. It's from my friend and it's perfect for Leo's personality. Also, this story is very long for a one shot, and again apologize for that. Bye guys. Hope to see you on my next story. (If I can publish one again.) And that's a wrap! Peace out Demis! Disclaimer: All characters used in this story belong to Uncle Rick. I only own the story plot. (Kind of. Because I based it on a song.) The song is owned by 5SOS entitled Heartbreak Girl. If you're a fan, review and let me know Word Count: 5875 Words