been this close to him before. The experience was euphoric. "Since you dislocated your elbow on that slide and I had to drag you to the nurse." Annabeth threaded her fingers further into Percy's silky strands as she furrowed her eyebrows against his forehead. "Weren't we five?" He'd beaten her out. She couldn't fathom the fact that he had even liked her. He was one of the most popular guys in the school. Being the swim team captain, he was labeled as a jock, which meant that basically every single girl that inhabited Goode High wanted him. But he chose her. Out of all the girls in their high school that were no doubt prettier than her, she was the one he had kissed. If she hadn't fully been before, she was definitely head over heels in love with him now. Percy smiled at her, yet again making her insides clench at how cute he truly was. Not only was he amazingly handsome on the outside, but on the inside he was just as mesmerizing. He could be a complete dork sometimes, but that just made him all the more charming. He had held her heart in his hands ever since he first said hi to her in that kindergarten classroom. "What?" He asked defensively, another chuckle seeping through his lips. "You were cute. I couldn't help it." Red flared upon her cheeks as Annabeth resisted the strong urge to kiss him again. She tried to focus on anything other than the way his lips were curled into that perfect smile. She zeroed in on the soft tug of her hair as he played with the strands. "Well, I've liked you since you fell down on that ice skating rink when we were twelve." Percy grimaced slightly, but didn't pull away from the soft embrace they were holding to Annabeth's pleasure. "Oh my God. That was so embarrassing. I was trying to show off, but ended up falling flat on my face." Annabeth giggled slightly and Percy playfully glared at her, but didn't hold the gaze long before it softened and was replaced with another grin. She shook her head softly against his. "No, I thought the way your cheeks turned red was adorable." And when he looked back up at her into her eyes, his own so green and hopeful, she couldn't focus on anything else again. It was her turn to kiss him now. And so she did. Annabeth decided that if they made this an everyday thing, she would be evaporated by the end of the week. Every part of her skin that was in contact with Percy - her nose, her fingertips, her lips- were tingling with the shocks that came from the touches. She was burning. She could feel it in her cheeks, but she couldn't care less. She was enjoying the moment way too much. Click "Paul!" A familiar voice hissed. "You said the volume was off!" "I thought it was!" Percy and Annabeth separated and looked to their right to see Sally beaming at them warmly and Paul holding a phone in his hands that happened to be aimed at them. "Sorry!" Sally apologized, though she didn't truly look guilty. "I've been waiting forever for this boy to own up to his feelings!" "Mom!" Percy whined from beside Annabeth, only making her laugh. "Annabeth, honey you wouldn't believe all the times I had to hear this boy go on and on about you and what you wore to school that day or what shade of grey your eyes were!" A light blush began to dust Annabeth's cheeks at the thought of Percy thinking all of those things about her. If only she had known. "And don't even get me started on the fear! I knew you loved him and every time I told him, he only denied it as a 'Mom thing'. If only he would have listened to me and just told you-" " Mom!" Annabeth chuckled, albeit nervously. The hope of him coming home every day and blabbing about her had never had to the courage to cross her mind. He was actually self conscious and worried about rejection. It blew Annabeth's mind. Sally ignored the pleading look her son gave her and turned to face her husband with a whimsical glow in her eyes. "Let me see the photo!" Percy let out a small groan at the sentence and Annabeth giggled at him before grabbing his hand. He looked up at her, his frown softening a bit as he squeezed her small hand in his. The warm and calloused palms gripping hers made her heart fill with an odd but fairly familiar warmth. Love. She felt it whenever he entered a room or even looked at her. It was an uncontrollable emotion that Annabeth couldn't hold back no matter how hard she tried and she didn't care anymore. "They are so cute!" Sally exclaimed as she looked at the picture. Annabeth felt too scared to walk over there and catch a glimpse of the photo. She didn't want to know what it looked like. "Paul help me get the printer set up!" Sally ordered her husband, dragging him into the living room. "I want to get this on paper!" Annabeth simply laughed as she watched the couple try to hook up the machine with her head on Percy's shoulder. "I love you too." She answered him. She never had earlier, she hadn't had a chance to. She was too preoccupied with other endeavors. She felt Percy's arm wind around her waist. "Yeah, I could tell Wise Girl." He said with a chuckle. She crinkled her nose against his shoulder but stayed quiet, breathing in his oceanic scent. How he could still smell like that after more than half a year away from the beach she had no idea, but she savored it nonetheless. It was something that always meant Percy. It was just him . And she loved him. Terminé