pop/rock tune, and the crowd became silent again, eager to listen to the next song. I opened my mouth and started to sing tenderly. You were my conscience, so solid, Now you're like water And we started drowning, not like we'd sink any further But I let my heart go, It's somewhere down at the bottom But I'll get a new one And come back for the hope that you've stolen The tempo became faster and the song became more soft rock. I'll stop the whole world, I'll stop the whole world From turning into a monster eating us alive Don't you ever wonder how we survive? Well now that you're gone, the world is ours O-oh uh-oh, o-oh uh-oh I'm only human, I've got a skeleton in me But I'm not the villain, Despite what you're always preaching. Call me a traitor, I'm just collecting your victims And they're getting stronger I hear them calling (Calling) They're calling! (Calling) I flipped my hair out of my eyes, tapping my foot and swaying my hips to the rhythm, watching Sarah dance stupidly, and the audience started to sing along. I'll stop the whole world, I'll stop the whole world From turning into a monster eating us alive Don't you ever wonder how we survive? Well now that you're gone, the world is ours Well you find your strength in solutions But I like the tension And not always knowing the answers But You're gonna lose it, You're gonna lose it I'll stop the whole world, I'll stop the whole world From turning into a monster eating us alive Don't you ever wonder how we survive? Well now that you're gone, the world... I'll stop the whole world, I'll stop the whole world From turning into a monster, eating us alive Don't you ever wonder how we survive? Now that you're gone, the world is ours Everyone cheered even louder than they did for the last song, and I blushed, slightly out of breath. A thrill rushing through my body. After a few minute we got ready for the last song. Thalia and I wrote this song a little while ago, and it's about Marianna. Believe it or not, there was a time when the three of us were best friends, but she started to change in 8th grade, and became a real bitch when we started high school. Thalia and Hazel started to play a hard rock song, and then Piper joined in. I opened my mouth and started to sing once again. If I'm a bad person, you don't like me Well I guess I'll make my own way It's a circle A mean cycle I can't excite you anymore Where's your gavel? Your jury? What's my offense this time? You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me Well sentence me to another life Don't wanna hear your sad songs I don't wanna feel your pain When you swear it's all my fault Cause you know we're not the same (no) We're not the same (no) Oh we're not the same Yeah the friends who stuck together We wrote our names in blood But I guess you can't accept that the change is good (hey) It's good (hey) It's good Well you treat me just like another stranger Well it's nice to meet you sir I guess I'll go I best be on my way out You treat me just like another stranger Well it's nice to meet you sir I guess I'll go I best be on my way out Ignorance is your new best friend Ignorance is your new best friend This is the best thing that could've happened Any longer and I wouldn't have made it It's not a war no, it's not a rapture I'm just a person but you can't take it The same tricks that, that once fooled me They won't get you anywhere I'm not the same kid from your memory Well now I can fend for myself Don't wanna hear your sad songs I don't wanna feel your pain When you swear it's all my fault Cause you know we're not the same (no) We're not the same (no) Oh we're not the same Yeah we used to stick together We wrote our names in blood But I guess you can't accept that the change is good (hey) It's good (hey) It's good Well you treat me just like another stranger Well it's nice to meet you sir I guess I'll go I best be on my way out You treat me just like another stranger Well it's nice to meet you sir I guess I'll go I best be on my way out Ignorance is your new best friend Ignorance is your new best friend Ignorance is your new best friend Ignorance is your new best friend Well you treat me just like another stranger Well it's nice to meet you sir I guess I'll go I best be on my way out You treat me just like another stranger Well it's nice to meet you sir I guess I'll go I best be on my way out The audiences cheered the loudest so far and I grinned so widely it hurt. My friends rushed up and we all hugged each other before turning towards the crowd and bowing. "WOW!" Sarah exclaimed 5 minutes later, when it was quiet enough to speak again. "Aren't they amazing? I never expected them to be as good as that. Hell, I wouldn't expect anyone to be as brilliant as these four girls were!" We blushed at her words. "Why don't we give another round of applause to these girls?" The audience roared and I smiled again, squeezing my friends hands. I looked at the cheering crowd in glee. Everything changes now. How was it? Sucky? Good? Awsome? Sickening? If you think it was good, I'll continue. If you think it was bad... I will still probably continue... POJ, out! (Stay fierce!)