just a boy and doesn't deserve this. I know that," Hades murmured. Nico groaned and his eyes slowly opened. He tried to get up but Hades pushed him down. Nico looked at his father confused and closed off. Then he looked at the Water Nymph he had saved who just waved and walked out leaving him alone… with his father. "W-what are you doing here, M-my lord," he asked nervously. Hades looked at him blankly, now that Nico was awake, he had a million questions for him. "You tried to kill yourself," Hades stated bluntly causing Nico to flinch. He once again tried to sit up, stifling a groan of pain. He let out a noise of surprise when he felt two arms pulling him up gently, making the pain dull a bit. He silently looked at the bandages on his arm running a finger over them slightly. "I wasn't… I wasn't…" he began. "Don't try to tell me that you didn't, Nico! Just don't," Hades interrupted angrily. The ground around them began to shake, violently. Nico tried to keep still but it was hard because his father was making the ground hurl around. "S-stop it hurts," Nico muttered. Hades immediately calmed down, he didn't want the wounds to reopen. "Nico I have never been so…" he began harshly but he paused when he saw Nico begin to cry. His non-existent heart began to clench. Nico never cried in front of him. In fact, Hades didn't think that he ever cried. "You've never been so disappointed. Because that's all you ever felt and all you'll ever feel. Yeah, I know. I'm pathetic and I can never be as great as Percy or Bianca. I'm sorry," he breathed out between sobs. Hades never felt so evil. He truly made Nico feel worthless. "Worried." Nico looked up through tears. "I have never been so worried, Nico. Seeing you pale and almost dead…" he said quietly. He wasn't used to this. Being open about his feelings. "I thought you wouldn't care," he said. Hades had barely caught it though. He didn't like that Nico thought he neglected him so much. It hurt to hear so much pain in his child and his disappointment was only for himself now. "Nico I may be harsh, but I will always care. I promise you that. And… Nico I know that I say that you're a disappointment and I'm hard on you but the truth is that I couldn't have asked for a better son Nico. It took you almost dying but I realize it now," Hades stated with the most emotion Nico had ever heard. "Really?" "Really." A few minutes of silence later, Nico spoke up, wiping away his tears. "I didn't try to kill myself. I just wanted to get rid of the pain. Thalia was alright with it so I tried to as well. I guess I was a bit too hard," Nico said. Hades nodded. "Never try it again. Or you will be cleaning out the Hellhound cages for the rest of your life," Hades said partially serious. Nico gave him a small but genuine smile. The first smile of his that the lord had seen in almost a century. Erwiana had decided to make an appearance once again. "Nico, I have a present for you," she chirped. She pulled a box from her back and handed it to Nico who looked at her curiously and then at his father who gestured for him to open it. It reminded him that he should also make up for lost time. Nico slowly opened the box revealing a small black metal circle. "It's a shield. Press that button in the centre," and Nico did. The small circle immediately fanned out to create a huge majestic shield decorated with symbols of the underworld and Olympus. "This is amazing! Thanks," He said happily. Erwiana smiled happily. "It's time for me to get back. Who knows what Persephone will do to the Underworld while I'm gone," he stood up and was about to walk out but he turned around to see Nico staring at all the designs on the shield. "Be careful alright, I'll be back soon. And Nico, I am proud to have you as my son… Remember that," he muttered before shadowing away. … Two weeks later, Nico was nursed back to full health. His father hadn't visited after that one encounter so Nico decided to go visit him. He landed in the Underworld and bowed at the throne. Hades immediately gestured for him to rise eying the bandages on his arm. "How are you feeling?" "Fine my lord," he replied. "Nico you don't have to call me that anymore. Address me as you dad alright?" Nico nodded. "Alright…dad," Hades nodded. Persephone rolled her eyes and pouted in her throne. Hades shrunk down to human size and kneeled to his son height. He then conjured a box out of thin air placing it in his son's hands. "A great warrior deserves great weapons." Nico opened the box and pulled out a pen like Percy's but it was black. He clicked it and it drew out into a giant sword that Nico stumbled back with a yelp. Hades steadied him and ignored Persephone's snickering. "Thank you!" he said happily. He hesitantly wrapped his arms around his dad (after shrinking the pen again). Hades froze and Nico thought that he took it too far. He quickly began to release him only to be pulled back. Hades pulled his son in tighter loving the feeling. Nico looked surprised at first but quickly melted into the tender embrace. "You're welcome." Hades finally realized how it felt to bring a smile to his son's face and he wanted to do it more often. He never wanted Nico to have a reason to not live and always wanted to feel proud of him. "Let's go train," Hades said walking to the door with Nico right beside him. The end! Thanks for readin!