Annabeth had seen anyone successfully stand up to the queen, and her heart had warmed that day when her father had led her personally into the royal stables on Annabeth's tenth birthday, telling her to choose her horse. Annabeth didn't choose from the horses already standing and lined up. Her eyes had been drawn to the pretty gray mare lying on the ground, and the damp little horse that was lying beside her. The chestnut must have just given birth to her foal, Annabeth had thought. She looked to the little creature, the newborn… "A colt, your majesty," the stable master reported to her father. Annabeth studied the practically black colt. The little thing had long legs, and two huge eyes that seemed to glow with life. He struggled, and stood up on its feet, then promptly fell back down on the straw. Annabeth gasped, starting forward to help the colt, but her father had held her back. Annabeth looked up into her father's warm chocolate eyes, confused. Her father explained, "You have to let him learn himself. If you help him now, he will never be able to be a good horse." Annabeth understood, and stood back when the colt tried a second time, and a third. She practically whooped with joy when the tiny fellow finally succeeded, and she stretched out her arm. "I want that one!" She exclaimed excitedly, pointing. The stable master started. "Now Crown Princess, that mare is not for riding…" "No, I mean the little one! The black colt!" The king and the stable master both looked towards the colt, who had trotted over to his mother and was feeding contently. The colt paused and looked at them, flicking his ear, as if he knew that he was the subject of discussion. He trotted over and sniffed Annabeth's outstretched hand. Annabeth noted with fascination that the horse had white markings on his nose and around his eyes. The stable master, slightly miffed for reasons beyond Annabeth, protested, "I do not think that a wild colt is suitable for the Crown Princess…" The king interrupted, "It will be all right, Geryon." He turned to Annabeth, his eyes almost sparkling. "If you think that you can handle him," he said with a sweep of his arm, "You can have him." Annabeth beamed. Annabeth smiled at the memory. The king rarely had free time, so whenever he spent time with his children, Annabeth treated it as something invaluable. That was part of the reason why Annabeth was so ecstatic about the ride today. King Tristan II had finally gave in and agreed to Annabeth's birthday ride proposal. Even though he probably had mounds of work to do, the small, selfish part of Annabeth cheered triumphantly. I will just help him later, Annabeth thought as she walked along the stable halls, nodding to the saluting guards. I am to become the future queen; more practice cannot do me any bad. When she saw the gleaming white coat of her horse, she grinned. Pegasus was truly magnificent, his snow-white coat and mane making him seem as regal as a prince. His dark gray coat from when he was just a colt had faded into dappled gray, then pure white, and he had grown to a full seventeen hands, which had aroused many concerned whispers from court officials and such. The future queen, riding a seventeen-hand tall stallion? Of course they wouldn't know or care about the fact that Pegasus was the gentlest horse there had ever existed on this land. Annabeth knew better than to let those comments get to her head. Even the queen's regular "looks" could never come between Annabeth and her beloved horse – no, Pegasus was more than just a horse. Having cared for Pegasus ever since his birth, Pegasus and Annabeth were inseparable; they were, as some would say, life and death partners. Annabeth tacked up Pegasus, talking to him all the while, and led him outside, where her father was waiting already with his gelding. "Ah, Annabeth, here you are." Tristan led his horse over, his eyes twinkling. The two horses snorted and touched noses. Annabeth smiled in return, and was about to say something when someone called from behind. "Annabeth!" She turned around, finding Piper holding a mare of her own and grinning from ear to ear. "Piper!" Annabeth exclaimed, letting go of Pegasus's halter and rushing over to hug her sister. "I didn't know you were coming! In fact," Annabeth eyed her father, standing innocently behind the two girls with the horses. "I think someone specifically told me that you are not coming along with us." "Of course!" Piper's kaleidoscope eyes danced with laughter. "Would it still be a surprise if everyone knew?" The two girls laughed as their father coughed. Pegasus nickered and flicked his ears. "I think that the horses are eager to go." The king mounted his horse. "Shall we?" The trio left the rings, heading towards the outer fields and woods. A small group of guards trailed behind. As they left, Annabeth gazed longingly at the training rings and the two sparring soldiers. Yeah...I couldn't think of any pet that Annabeth owned in the canon, and the other pegasus names in PJO seemed weird in this story (I mean, a horse named Porkpie in a medieval kingdom...it simply won't work), so I just took the name Pegasus! A bit lazy, but, eh, it works... Think of it, Annabeth has a white horse named Pegasus, and Percy's horse is...[SPOILER! well, y'all have probably already guessed anyways XD] As you can realize, the way of speaking of many of these ppl seems a bit stiff, like "and so she shall be", "does she not seem like a wonderful girl", etc. Don't worry, it's not a weird disorder of mine; it's on purpose. EDITED 12.30.2013 - combined prologue and chapter 1 Ok, first chapter up! Like? Dislike? Be sure to throw a review this way if you have the time!