hands into the pockets of his dark trousers. He looked nervous. "Are you sure you're okay, Nico?" Kay said, in what she hoped was an understanding voice. "I'm fine , Miss. Honestly." The smile Nico gave her would have been charming, but the effect was ruined by his swollen lip and battered face. "How did this happen?" He shifted uncomfortably, rubbing the back of his neck. "I … um … I don't …" He was interrupted by a small cough at the door. Standing in the doorway was a tall boy with messy black hair and green eyes. Kay recognised him. Percy Jackson was quite the enigma in the school; by far the most brilliant to ever attend, he skipped several grades in most subjects and was taking several more. Kay herself had never taught him – she only taught up to sophomore year, and Percy took senior level math, however she had heard he was excellent at math. By far the most infamous thing about him though, was his refusal to say a word, except in language orals. "Hey Percy," said Nico, sounding relieved. "Miss Hoban, can I please …?" "No you may not," said Kay, frowning in disapproval. "Would I be right to say that Percy here would know how you got these injuries?" Percy kept silent, and Nico refused to meet her eyes. "Miss …" He sounded desperate now. "I have a lesson now and I'm late enough as it is …" Kay's frown deepened. "Fine. But we will talk more about this." Nico nodded hurriedly. "Of course. Bye Miss!" He all but ran out of the door, closely followed by Percy. Kay sighed and went to her next lesson. Chapter Ten Jason was in the same Mandarin class as Ethan. "So," he said, popping his chewing gum, "where you from?" "California," Jason answered. "Pretty warm up there, innit?" "Yup." "Big change from down 'ere." "I was under the impression Maine was further north than California." Ethan frowned. "Whatever dude." "So," Jason said, trying to make conversation, "what's your favourite subject?" Ethan chewed his gum thoughtfully. "Dunno. P.E, probs. You?" "I don't know what it'll be like in this school, but I like music the most." Ethan looked at him oddly. "Oh. You're one of the band geeks, aren't cha?" Jason furrowed his eyebrows. "No, not really. I enjoyed music class, but I never did anything extra-curricular that was music related. I was a lot more sports-orientated in that." Ethan nodded. "Ah. All right then." "Why?" asked Jason. "Is there something wrong with liking music?" "No, no," said Ethan. "It's just … well, band geeks aren't fun to hand around." "How so?" "They don't know how to have fun , y'know?" Not for the first time, Jason found himself nodding, despite thinking, 'no, not really' . Jason found it hard to concentrate in Mandarin. Ethan didn't seem to understand that, yes, Jason was actually interested in learning this language, and didn't want to compare boob sizes of the girls in the class. Jason hadn't even gone two lessons without sitting near Nico, and he already felt he was going insane. _/_/_/_-_/_/_/_ Jason sat with a large group at lunch that day. It was different to sitting with Percy and Nico, and not in a good way. Jason didn't like attention; it had always meant getting preached to and insulted in his childhood. He much preferred to be left alone. The table this large group sat on was a long one near the centre of the cafeteria. It was long and rectangular, and one of the shorter ends was pressed against a wall. Jason wanted to sit there, to fade into the off-white paint, but couldn't. He had to sit in the centre. Jason knew a few people there: Ethan, who was in his Mandarin and math class, sat directly to the right of a boy with short blond hair and blue eyes – Luke, Jason thought he was called. No doubt his sister's next fuck-toy. Speaking of his sister, she was sitting on the other side of Luke, looking as smug and overly-sexual as always. Chris Rodriguez sat next to his sister, reminding Jason of what Leo may have looked like if he had grown up in a different environment – they had the same sharp features and mischievous grins, and looked to be Hispanic/Latino. Jason didn't know the rest of them, but he assumed he'd learn who they were eventually. Luke smiled at him. It wasn't a comforting smile. It was more … predatory. Jason gulped, and sat down. End Part One. So … Love it or hate it? Kind of a plot bunny that was jumping around in my head … if you've read The Sharpest Lives (if you're a fan of OOC characters, adding different backstories, and basically fucking around with characters without it technically being an AU then you may want to read it), this was a plot line to one of the movies I imagined Nico being in. I thought it was interesting, so I put it into a story. If I turned this into an original story, it would be in the chapter style of Witch & Wizard , if you've read that series (highly recommended), i.e. short chapter that flit through different points of view. This is part one, because I personally hate lots of really short chapters. If I have them, I tend to do as I have above, and just group them into parts. By pure coincidence, this happened to have ten (not counting the prologue). This is probably going to be quite dark – it's dealing with serious abuse, neglect, bullying and mental disorders, what do you expect? – so if this is currently testing your limits on how 'dark' you want something to go … well, this story probably isn't for you. For those who are wondering, this story is 27 pages on Microsoft Word, Arabic Typesetting, size 20, with narrow margins. It's also 9462 words.