well." She propped her elbows on the bar and sighed. "But enough about my problems, I know you have plenty of your own. What can I get you, ladies?" "The usual," said Annabeth, sliding onto a stool between Rachel and Piper. "And can you put a shot of nectar in it, please? My back is killing me." "Maybe you should sleep in a real bed for once, instead of passing out at your desk all the time," Rachel suggested mildly as soon as she and Piper had ordered. Annabeth tried to ignore the concern in Rachel's tone, wanting to seem nonchalant. "I never mean to; there's just so much work I have to get done." Piper raised an eyebrow, but she and Rachel let the subject drop. Rose returned with their drinks: a cup of black tea (with nectar, as promised) for Annabeth, a latte for Piper, and Sprite for Rachel. Annabeth was content to let their conversation float over her head as she sipped her tea and watched the snow thicken outside, feeling the effects of the nectar as the pounding ache in her head and back began to ease off. Piper had been right—just being away from her responsibilities for a while made her feel like a huge weight had been lifted from her shoulders. At camp she could never show weakness or take a day to relax, especially with Percy gone. Everybody was counting on her to be the leader, to guide them through these upcoming negotiations with the Romans; besides, at the moment she only trusted Jason as far as she could throw him. She hadn't realized how exhausted she was until she'd taken a step back. Making a vow then and there to start taking more time for herself, Annabeth was snapped out of her thoughts by the door opening again. The resulting gust of wind cut through her like glass and she instinctively moved closer to Piper for warmth. The newcomer was so wrapped up in heavy outerwear that Annabeth couldn't make out any features other than a few long strands of curly hair. But as she began to remove her wet clothes (dripping melting slush all over the floor in the process) Rose answered their unspoken questions for them by hurrying out from behind the bar and enfolding the stranger in a tight hug, saying "Thank the gods, I thought you'd never get home in this weather." Said stranger laughed—a pleasant, happy sound. She pulled off her hat and scarf to reveal lovely dark skin and bright brown eyes. "The train was a nightmare, but I got here just fine." She pulled Rose in for a kiss; it was only then that Annabeth finally recognized the new arrival. "Jill?" The two women broke apart. Jill looked over and grinned. "Well, if it isn't Annabeth Chase, looking all grown up. How's it going, kiddo?" She handed her hat and scarf to Rose, who was looking on fondly, and rushed over to enfold Annabeth in a hug. "We have a lot to catch up on, you and I. Starting with these lovely ladies," she said, motioning to Rachel and Piper. Annabeth drained the last of her tea and set it back on the counter. "Well," she said, "I was at the Grand Canyon last month..." . . . "We should probably head back to Camp," said Rachel. "I promised I'd help Kayla with a project she's working on and it'll take a while to get there with all this snow." Murmuring agreement, Piper rose from her seat and gathered up their coats while Rachel settled their tab. Rose came out from behind the bar and hugged them all; if the hug Annabeth got was longer than everyone else's, no one said a word. "Iris-message us sometimes, okay?" murmured Rose when Annabeth finally pulled away. "Every time you go back to camp, it's as if you've dropped off the face of the planet." Jill shook Rachel's hand, ruffled Piper's hair, and gave Annabeth a one-armed squeeze. "Agreed. Don't be strangers to family." They said goodbye to Rose and Jill, who held hands in the doorway and watched them as they headed out into what was now a full-blown snowstorm. "Gods, it's freezing," said Rachel, hunching her shoulders against the wind. "I feel bad for the pegasi." "I wonder what we did to make Khione mad today," Annabeth added. "Normally the mortal weathermen can tell us something about possible blizzards, but this is pretty unexpected." "Annabeth?" asked Piper after a while of walking in silence. Her friend's voice was tinged with apprehension, but Annabeth was too caught up in her own thoughts to pay it much thought. "Don't look now, but is that woman behind us . . . supposed to be glowing green?" She risked a glance over her shoulder and immediately suppressed the urge to do a double-take. About a hundred feet behind them was a woman, her pace unhurried and her coat hanging open despite the weather. And, just as Piper had said, she was surrounded by a flickering green aura—too bright to be anything but a goddess or a Titan. She locked eyes with Annabeth and grinned widely. Annabeth didn't even stop to consider her next move. She seized Piper and Rachel by the wrists, turned, and ran for her life. A/N: Sorry this took me so long! I've had it written for AGES but the editing also took me AGES, so here we are. I wanted to make sure this was really good for you guys and I think I've finally gotten it to where I want it! There will be two more chapters, for the afternoon and night. I don't know when I'll have them finished, but they're my priority right now. Be patient and I'll have them up as soon as I can! Writing this has really cemented my love for Annabeth. Oh, the crap she puts up with... Reviews are like getting As on all my finals ;) EPC