do me now," she cried out. He grinned, "Even better." Willow leaned her back against the tree as Leo picked up her legs and positioned his cock at her snatch. "I swear to Hades if you take your ti-" she began, before being cut off by him entering inside of her. Leo grabbed her perfect ass with both hands, hoisting her up with both hands, squeezing her round cheeks as he thrusted into her, basking in her shrieks of pleasure. He could hear the smack of their hips meeting every few seconds, feel her insides squeeze him with every thrust, see her breasts bouncing, mouth moving in not-so-silent words. "Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fucking fuck!" She squealed as his cock tore through her, filling her to the brim. "What are you?" Leo asked furiously, slapping her ass with one hand. "I'm a slut!" She whispered, dark blue eyes locked onto his. "Louder!" He roared, eyes darkened, brows narrowed. Willow looked nervously over his shoulder, where he assumed were a group of campers. "They'll hear me," she explained, as he slowed down his movements. "Wait, what are you doing?" she asked. "I want to hear you beg," he demanded. "No way! Not now," she protested. Leo slowly started moving out of her, bit by bit, millimeter by millimeter. "You wouldn't..." Willow bluffed, as he slowly got to the halfway point. "You couldn't," she claimed, as he was left with only a quarter left. "Fuck it, I'm a slut!" She screamed, seeing the campers look towards her, but Leo didn't thrust back in. "I said," Leo explained, enunciating each word carefully, "I want to hear you beg." "Please," she sobbed, "give me your cock." "And why should I do that?" Leo asked, harshly looking at her. "Because I'm a slut," she begged, "and I need it." "Whose slut are you?" He asked, driving himself slowly back inside her. "Yours! I'm your slut, Leo," she told him. He grinned. He grabbed both of her wrists and pinned both of them over her head with one hand, and with the other, grabbed one of her breasts. "Thank you," he whispered menacingly, leaning close to her, before leaning away again and beginning to take her savagely. Leo increased the tempo, pounding her as hard as he could. He released the hand on her wrists and began choking her with it. Her hands fell and moved to grab his but she made no actual attempt to pull him off. Actually, was she pulling his arm closer to her? Shit, Willow's into some really kinky things, Leo thought. He on the other hand, was enjoying the sublime pleasure of being inside of her, unprotected, feeling her walls directly, feeling her tightness constrict him. She was moaning, mewling, groaning, and writhing all because of him, her face contorted with pleasure at being fucked so brutally. "Oh my gods!" she cried out as she clamped onto him in a vice-like grip, fingers clawing his arm and cunt squeezing his cock. Her eyes rolled upwards in pleasure. Leo slowed down, not that he had a choice not to, since she was so tight around him that he literally couldn't pull out. Finally, panting, her snatch loosened its death grip, and she hopped off of him. "Gods, that was great," she said, breathing heavily. Leo was still horny though. He grabbed her hips and spun her around, her hair twirling as she cried out in confusion. He threw her upper half against the tree as he pulled her ass closer to him. "Oh, fuck," Willow said, just before Leo poked back into her. She grabbed onto the tree for dear life. He tore through her just as fast as he did before, using her only for her body with no regard for how he was making her feel. He had only one thing on his mind, and that was to get off. "Fuck me! Fuck my slutty pussy!" She goaded him. Leo grabbed her hair, pulling her head back. Her back arched, and her ass pulled farther away from him. "Yes, yes, yes, yes!" Willow squealed as he slammed into her. Leo let go of her hair, slapping her ass with his now free hand. "I love your huge fucking cock," she moaned, head turned toward him as she placed a hand on his shoulder. "You'd better," he muttered, eyes locked onto her ass, bouncing with each smack of their hips. It was mesmerizing, seeing it jiggle back and forth. Leo honestly stopped paying attention to what she was screaming after that. Between her tits and her ass, he had no way to stay focused on her moans. None of her ecstatic screams reached him except for one very poignant phrase that pierced his mind. "Say my name Leo, say my fucking name," she ordered, taking control again for the last time that day. "Willow... Willow... Willow!" He grunted, as he lost it. His stamina ran out for the second time that day, but with no condom between them, all his semen went straight to her womb. "Shit, Willow, I..." He apologized. "No worries," she smiled. "I can always get some Plan B from the Stolls." "One way," she grinned naughtily, "or another." "Fuck, wait, we're still on the 'tour' aren't we?" She asked. Willow rifled around her medical bag. "Here, sew your shorts back up," she commanded, tossing a needle and thread at him, "so your ding-dong doesn't happen to fall out. I need to re-do my make up." Leo nodded and did as she asked. "Hey, what about your panties?" She shrugged. "Keep them," Willow said, "I've got plenty more. Think of it as a memento." "Leo, by the way, this doesn't make us a thing. I don't like doing relationships.," she told him. He nodded and looked down, crestfallen. "But, if you're feeling horny one day, you know who to go to." Leo grinned. This camp was definitely better than what he had first thought, even if he was related to Spock.