to comfort him. "You two love each other, no doubt about that. Didn't you promise her that you two are going to be together forever?" Percy looks at his Mom. "How did you know that?" "Annabeth told me things Percy." "I don't know. Things are falling apart lately and I don't even know why." "You two were probably stressed out after everything you've been through. As matter of fact this should be the time that you two should be there for each other. You should try to understand each other." "I just can't understand her sometimes." Sally smiles at him. "Then try harder. Annabeth is a strong girl but sometimes there are things that can she can't handle but you should of all people know that. She got a lot in her shoulders now." Percy let out a deep sigh. "I guess you're right." "Am I not always?" Sally joked. Percy chuckled. "Just think about it through. Tomorrow you can go back to camp and you two should talk." Sally stands up. "I'm going to cook us some dinner. What do you like?" She ruffled his hair. "Anything." She chuckled. She left him pondering on the living room. After some time he stands up and go to his room. He let out a deep sigh as he looks out from his window. His eyes caught something on his bedside table. He walks towards it and pick up the picture frame. It was a picture of them. Grover took it. He was looking lovingly at Annabeth while she was reading. Annabeth has a smile on her face and so does he. The twinkle in their eyes is no doubt a sign of how happy they are to be together. Just then Percy realized that Triton, Poseidon and his Mom were right. They are perfect for each other. Right then he called Blackjack in his mind. He needs to get to camp right away. After a couple of minutes Blackjack was already on his veranda. ' You called me boss? Nice to see you're okay.' " Thank gods you're here. Take me to camp." He ordered to Blackjack immediately. "Percy!" Sally called. Percy mentally cursed. He almost forgot to say goodbye to his Mom. " Give me a second." He told Blackjack as he ran off to say goodbye to his Mom. Sally just rolled her eyes on him as he stuttered to say that he's going back to camp. His Mom was happy to hear about that. She told him to take care and say hi to Annabeth for her. It took them only a couple of minutes to get to camp. By the time they got there it was already time for camp fire. Annabeth was sulking beside Thalia and Grover. They found out that Percy was already awake and that he was okay now. The camp was happy to hear about it. When they asked when he is coming back, Chiron said that he went home. Of course Annabeth was happy to hear that he is okay now but she can't help but be hurt that he didn't come to see her. She scolded herself for feeling bad. If she didn't break up with him then maybe he is with her now. "Hey are you okay?" Thalia asked her as she put her arm around her. She forced to smile at her. "Hey he's okay now." Grover said beside her. "I know." Then she looks at the fire. Not wanting to talk anymore. Grover and Thalia look at each other. They gave her space. They know that she's hurting because Percy chose to go home instead of going back to camp. " Grover." Grover was startled to hear Percy's voice in his head. " Pretend that you are not to hearing me." Percy ordered to him. " Where are you man? Are you okay?" " Yes I am. Can you do me favor?" " Sure. What is it?" " Can you move a little closer to the right and give space between you and Annabeth." Grover's eyes got wide. He looks around to see where Percy is. " Hey I told you to keep it low." Percy scolded him. " Sorry." He grinned. "Are you okay Grover?" Thalia asks him. "Why are you grinning?" Grover shook his head. Thalia scrunched her eyebrows and went back to talking to her brother. Grover scooted far away from Annabeth when no one is paying attention to him. After a couple of minutes, Percy head towards where they were sitting. He has his hood on. He's well aware that campers noticed him except for Annabeth who is so deep in her thoughts. The campers pretended that they didn't see him. The music still played but their eyes were kept on the two leaders. Percy sits beside Annabeth and Grover. Their friends were shocked to see him but he told them to keep quiet. Annabeth still pays no attention on her surroundings. Percy clears his throat. "How are you doing Wise Girl?" Annabeth abruptly look too her side upon hearing his voice. "Percy?" She croaked. Percy pulls down his hood. "Hey." He smiled at her. To everyone's surprise Annabeth flung herself to him. She clutches on him as she started crying. The campers watch in awe as the two hug each other tightly. "Shh it's alright now. I'm here. I'm okay." He comforts her. Annabeth just keep on crying. "I thought I've lost you." She said in between sobs. Percy pulls away slightly. He too was crying. "I'm sorry for hurting you." Annabeth shook her head. "No I'm sorry. I'm sorry for.." Percy cut her off with a kiss. This time the whole camp cheered the two broke away blushing. "Finally!" Thalia shouted. Annabeth laughs as he hugs her again. "I love you." He whispered to her. "I love you too." "Together forever." Percy said to Annabeth as he kisses her again on the lips. The end! I hope you guys enjoyed the story.