she was about to do and she smiled widely at her and mouthed a good luck. She saw him looking at the horizon. His coat has been laid on one of the chairs. The liquor stands on the center table. Percy's leaning on the railing. His one hand supports himself and the other was clutching the glass so tightly. She can tell that he's been so deep in his thoughts. She's having a second thought if she should approach him or not. But what the hell she thought, it is now or never. "Mind if I join you?" She can clearly see that he's not expecting company and she knows that he didn't expect to hear her voice. He didn't say a thing for a while and he didn't make any move to tell her what she's supposed to do. The air blew and she can't help but to hug herself because of the chill that it sent to her body. Slowly, Percy turns to her and she can see the emotions building in his eyes. "Annabeth." He breathes. Gods, how she misses him saying her name, only he can make her name sound so beautiful. "Percy." Percy crossed the distance between them in an instant. Annabeth let out a squeaked as he pulled her in his arms. She never expects him to act like this but she's not complaining because right now Percy is kissing her hard on the lips and she's not backing down from it. She returns the kisses with so much vigor. She's trying to tell him how much she still loves him. They didn't know how long they stayed like that but the kisses turns from hard to soft. Percy cups her cheek while her hands are at the back of his neck. In between kisses Percy tells her that he still loves her and that he's so sorry for everything. Tears started to roll down her cheeks and Percy stops from kissing her so that he can kiss the tears away. He wipes then for her as he lovingly look at her. "I'm so sorry." He breathes as he kisses her cheeks. Annabeth hugs him so tight. She laid her head on his chest. He hugs her too as he kisses the top of her head. They stayed like that for a while until she pulls away. "I'm so sorry too." She started. "No." Percy cuts her off. "I'm the one who made a mistake. I'm the one who screwed our relationship." "Percy.." "No, please listen to me first. I know I've been a bad boyfriend back then." "Hey, that's not true." She trailed his lips as she said that. Percy catches her hand and kisses it. "I'm so sorry and I want you to know that I'm willing to change anything just to make you mine again. It's been hell without you beside me." Tears started to flow in his eyes too. Annabeth tip toed to kiss his lips and wipes the tears away. "I want us to start over again." He stated. "Will you be my girlfriend again?" Annabeth smiled widely. "I never thought I will hear that again." Percy smiled too. "Believe it because it's true. I've been a fool to let you go. And an ass for dating those women but I never stop loving you." "Only you can make me feel whole again." Annabeth snorted breaking the moment. "You stole my line." Percy suddenly laughs. The laugh that Annabeth misses so much. "I intended to do that." He kisses her softly again before resting his forehead with hers. "So what do you say Annabeth Chase, will you be my girlfriend again?" Annabeth cups his cheeks and kisses him. "Yes you dork." Percy picks her up and spun her around. It's the first time he did that. He looks so young and carefree that time and she can't help but to feel so lucky to see this side of him. Well she's been so lucky in so many things now. Once he puts her down, he hug her again murmuring in her ears how lucky he is to be with her and that he really, really loves her. And in return she told him how much she loves him too. "I love you Percy Jackson and there's no one else who can replace you in my heart." They were kissing again when they were interrupted by a cough. They pulled away slightly to see who it is and they were met with Jason's secretary. She looks so uncomfortable as she says that they're looking for Percy because he'll be up soon on the stage. She excused herself after that and hurriedly went back inside. The two lovers laugh as they watch her go. They shared some kisses more before finally decided to go back inside. Annabeth fixed his shirt as he put his coat back on. He kisses her once again before offering his hand to her. Hand in hand they went back inside and they can see the different reactions of the people in the party. They were all aware that the two used to date and seeing the smile on their faces and their intertwined hands they know that they got back together. Cameras were turned to them as they made their way to their table wherein Percy's family was seated. Annabeth smiled at them and they returned it too. She can tell that they were happy for them. Percy's smile never leaves his face until he was called on the stage. They were all too shock to see Percy kissed Annabeth on the lips before he went to the stage. He's never been one to show affection in front of a crowd but maybe this time he's very much willing to change that. Because this time he's willing to show the world how in love he is to Annabeth Chase. I'm thinking about doing another chapter. Let me know what you think. Review is very much appreciated.