just to get you back." He admitted. "If it weren't for Jason, Piper and Leo I may be lost." "I'm sorry." Annabeth managed to say. "It's okay. Don't feel sorry for me. I've done stupid things and you had the right to walk out on me." Percy stated. "I won't deny that it still hurt a lot but I'm happy that you finally move on. You finally found someone who's better than me." Annabeth shook her head vigorously. "No." "What?" "Steve is not my boyfriend Percy." She said pointedly looking at him. Percy scrunched her eyebrows. "What do you mean?" "He's just a friend." "But I thought…" "No. He's just a friend." She slowly inched towards him. "I've been so stupid." She said as she was standing so closely to him. She hesitantly holds his two hands, grateful that he didn't pull away. "Leaving you was a mistake." She finally admitted and letting her tears flow freely. Out of habit or so Percy thinks, his hand automatically reaches out to wipes the tears from her face. If there's one thing that he hates most is that seeing her crying at it was because of him. "Hey." He softly called wrapping his arms around her. And he's thankful that she didn't pull away but instead he felt her return his gesture. Percy felt content as he holds her in his arms. Maybe it wasn't like before but at least it is a step closer for being friends again. "We've both made a mistake." Annabeth slightly pulls away from him so that she can look him in the eyes. "We both hurt each other but that doesn't mean I stop loving you. I'm so sorry for hurting you." He apologized. "I want you to know that I already forgive you for a long time now. And I want you to know that I only want the best for you even if it means breaking my heart." He softly runs his thumb on her face. "I'm finally letting you go. All I want is for you to be happy. You don't need to worry about me bothering you again." He tries to smile playfully but it looks like a grimace instead. "No." Annabeth shook her head. "Don't go." She pleaded. "Please don't leave me." How Percy wanted to hear those words from her for a long time. And just by hearing it Percy's control broke and he kisses her right then. He pours all his emotions, frustrations, longing and love on that kiss. Annabeth kisses back with the same fervor. When they pulled away, Annabeth rested her forehead on his. "I love you." A smile crept to Percy's face. "I love you too." He hastily pecks her lips once more before drawing her for another hug. This time his hug is tighter. He repeatedly kisses the top of her head. "I'm so in love with you Annabeth Chase." He can feel the smile on Annabeth's face in his chest. "So does that mean you're not leaving anymore?" She finally pulls away. Percy smiled sweetly at her. "You always knew that I don't want that job. The only reason I accepted it was to.." He cut off. "I'm here now." She stated. "And even if you decided to go still I will come with you." Percy didn't expect that. "Really?" "Really. I'm not letting you go this time." She smiled at him. Percy's smile was so big. He picks her up and spun her around. "Gods I love you so much." Annabeth laughs with him as she tries to stop him from spinning them around. When he finally let her down, she reaches up to kiss him passionately. "Can we go home now?" She asks as she draws circles in his chest. Home. Percy can't help but smile. For the past six months he never called it home. To him it was hell, a reminder that he screwed up a lot. Living there alone was pure torture to him. But this time, he will allow himself to call it a home again. "But of course." Percy glances at where his friends are. He knows that they are watching from a far. He smiled at them as he flash a thumb up sign at them before finally breaking away at their embrace. Piper and Leo snorted at their friend's gesture but they are happy that the two finally got back together. On the other hand Jason has still doubts in his heart and Piper notices it. She can't blame him because they saw how Percy was so devastated. Piper put her hands on his to show him that she understands. Jason smiled timidly at her. They watched them as Percy led Annabeth to the passenger side before going back inside the car. "They're going to be okay." Piper reassured him. Jason put his arm around her. He kisses her cheek. "They'd better be or else.." "Or else what?" Leo butted in, smirking. "Come on Jason, stop being an overprotective dad." Jason punches his arm for good measure. "I'm just looking out for him." "And so do we." Piper stated. "It's Percy and Annabeth." Leo stated like it answers all his doubt. "True." Piper second handed. "Stop it you two." Jason scolded. Leo patted his back. "Now come on. I believe Annabeth left someone behind and it's our duty to make him feel comfortable." He smirked. "Now you're talking." Jason shared the same mischievous look. Piper just shakes her head while watching the two shuffles away. She turns her back to where Percy's car a while ago. She strongly believes that Percy and Annabeth will make it through this time. And they will definitely be there to help them through it. With a contented smile she follows back the two inside to make sure that they will not do something stupid to Annabeth's friend. What do you think? Do I need to follow up on this story? Let me know what you think. Thanks in advance.