let him tuck his head against her chest as their legs tangled together and she comforted him, running her fingers through his hair. "Plane to base, do you read me? Engines are failing, we can't-" Static filled the room again. "The control centre tried everything they could," Lawkins said quietly, his voice grave. "It wouldn't reach them. There was nothing we could do." There were screams. Shouts. Piper felt the piercing pain in her chest; it vibrated throughout her entire being. She squeezed her eyes tighter, wanting to block it out. She didn't want to remember, because it hurt. All she wanted was to have him back. "Oh fuck! Fuck, it's over!" It wasn't Jason. Jason never cursed. "Oh, God." His voice was thick. Piper could hear sounds in the background- screams, yells, glasses breaking, children crying. She didn't want to imagine it. "Pipes," he said suddenly, brokenly, and her eyes shot open. "Piper, I'm sorry." More sounds. She couldn't breathe. "I'm sorry. I promised you I would come back. I'm sorry." His words cracked. "I wanted to watch you dance." His voice was a whisper, but it was loud over the background noises. "I wanted to marry you, to have a family with you, to wake up with you every single day of my life. I'm sorry we can't have that," he wept. "I love you, Piper McLean, I love you and I've loved you ever since I met you when we were nine, when you crashed into me with your skateboard." The static was gradually increasing, and it was getting more and more difficult to make out what was happening. "You were so beautiful. You were my best friend." Piper's breath was coming out in gasps and so was his, and her whole form was reeling with emotions. "Oh shit, oh shit." Another voice was speaking, mumbling prayers. "It's close. The ground. It's so close. I love you, Mom. It's over." "Pipes… I love you." And then there was a loud bang, and it all shut down in an avalanche of static. Opening her eyes, Piper didn't realize how quiet it was. Her breathing was heavy, and she could feel the warm tears streaming down her face. Josh offered her a glass of water, but she didn't take it. Both Josh and Lawkins stared at her with sympathy in their eyes. But Piper said nothing- instead, she stood up on shaky legs and made her way towards the door, pulling it open with trembling hands and exiting the office. Neither man tried to call after her. -oOo- Piper's life wasn't routine anymore. Every day she promised herself something new- just to avoid disappointment when something went wrong. Now there was no chance of any jutted nail being a driven into a smooth strip of wood- no chance of any more sparks. It took months to even begin healing. She hadn't told anyone about the recording, but instead repeated the same simple actions everyday- wake up, eat breakfast, somehow scrape through the day, eat dinner, then sleep and repeat. It only changed when she finally picked up the courage to flip open the photo album on her bedside. It involved crying and screaming and cursing because she was so angry at how fate treated her. But seeing Jason's face again made her remember, remember how he would always tell her to get back up strong- and she started to change. She began dancing again. She got offered a job working as a dance teacher at an elementary school- and she adored it. The kids were absolute angels, and they reminded her how much more there was of life to explore. She began to see her friends more- the first time she had stood waiting at Leo's doorstep and he had opened the door, he had given loud a woop of joy and pulled her into a hug, dragging her inside the door then forcing her on the couch to watch a cry-worthy bad chick-flick. "Just like old times," he had said, as they stuffed their faces with popcorn and threw some at the overly exaggerated characters on the screen. Annabeth, too, was overjoyed. Her, Hazel, Reyna, Calypso, Rachel and Piper had spent a well-earned girl's night together, laughing as Annabeth imitated Percy in the morning, and Hazel told everyone about Frank's worrying obsession over romance movies. Sure, it hurt, but Piper was happy to have her friends back. Her dad called her. They finally spoke after years of unspoken bad blood, and they arranged to meet up together someplace. When two years had passed, Piper went to visit Josh Mentolin and Gary Lawkins in the office. She thanked them and apologized for walking out so rudely, and was then met with a group of people waiting in the lobby on the ground floor. They were all of different ages, of different nationalities and cultures, but there was one thing which brought them all together, and Piper realized this soon after they invited her to sit with them. Every Tuesday, since that day, the same group of about twelve people met in coffee shops and restaurants, just to remind themselves and help each other with the pain that one day- one single day- caused them. But they became some of Piper's best friends. Four years had passed, and Piper was happy. She still cried whenever she saw his face on the wall, or on the screen or a page. She still missed him dreadfully, and it was oh so fucking painful sometimes, but she knew this was what he wanted. He would have wanted her to get back up strong and ready to fight, just like he always told her to. He wanted her to take risks. And that was exactly what had happened. -oOo- I know you all hate me for going MIA for month and then showing up with this. I'm sorry. I love you guys? Be sure to drop a review. Please. :D Feel free to rant.