never seen a more idiotic act if stupidity." "I didn't fall in with her because I'm stupid," Percy's angry voice finally interrupted. "I fell in for her because I love her." Annabeth felt her heart expand in her chest. She knew it was the truth, of course, and he had said it to her many times already. However, no matter how many times he said it to her, showed it through the adoring kisses he gave her every day, through the way he gripped her hand as they walked, when he whispered it into her ear when he thought she was asleep... she could never get tired of it. Butterflies fluttered in the pit of her stomach every time she heard those words from him. "W- what ?" Athena's jaw dropped. "I couldn't bear to lose her." He paused and his fingers found Annabeth's, and squeezed lightly. She squeezed back. Athena appeared thoroughly bewildered, and for once, had been rendered speechless. "Son," Poseidon started, his expression filled with awe. "So what you're telling us... is that you fell into a place - a place death would be heaven in comparison - because..." He swallowed. "Because you love her?" "Yes," Percy replied, unblinking. "Isn't that enough?" "Your love for my daughter is so strong that you fell into Tartarus for her?" Athena's mouth was hanging open in shock, as if the idea had never occurred to her before. "You were willing to give up your sanity for my daughter?" "I would be giving it up if I had let her go." Annabeth couldn't control the wide smile which spread across her face. Gods, she loved him. "Annabeth," Athena turned to her. "You believe this?" She felt the wave of disgust roll through her before she could stop it. "Of course I do! How can you possibly not?" The red hot anger attacked her. "Why would he fall in for any other reason?! Why? Come on, mom, tell me why!" Athena remained quiet, which was pretty smart in itself, according to Percy. "It's because he loves me, mom! Isn't that obvious?" Annabeth rolled on. "He's the only reason I got out of their alive. And I could promise you, if our roles were reversed, I would have done the same for him." She paused for breath. "I would have fallen in for him without a second thought, mom. Isn't that enough for you?" She said quietly. Athena observed them both impassively, her beautiful face void of any emotion, her eyes dark and calculating. Then she sighed. "Yes. Yes it is." She focused her gaze on Annabeth. "I'm sorry, child. Forgive me. I just..." she swallowed nervously, as if building up the courage, "I just don't want you - after everything you've been through - I just don't want you getting hurt again." Somehow, Annabeth knew this was her mother's way of saying sorry. Sorry for all of the hardships she had suffered in her life. Sorry for not being there for her all the time. "Mom," Annabeth whispered. "Keeping me with someone - someone I love so much it hurts - is the only way you'll be protecting me. Trust me on that one." Athena nodded tersely and stepped back. "I do." She turned to Percy. "Make sure you never hurt her." "Wouldn't dream of it," Percy promised. "Or I will turn you into a tea cup," she threatened menacingly. Percy chose not to reply to that one. "Oh, and mom?" Annabeth asked as Athena turned to walk away. "Do us a favour, and keep Hera in line." Athena grinned slightly. Just a small smile. "Will do. And you, son of Poseidon. Make sure you never call my daughter insensitive again." With that, she swept around and walked away, her cloak flowing behind her. Poseidon stared at them awkwardly for a few seconds, but then his face broke into a warm, proud smile, his eyes twinkling. He patted Percy on the shoulder. "Good job, son." He winked, and then he was gone. -oOo- "Well," Annabeth began as they walked back towards the car, their fingers still intertwined. "That was interesting." "Would be more interesting if we had gotten back in time to finish the movie." "Sorry, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth said, her heart light. "We can watch it when we get home, ok?" Percy glanced at her, slightly astonished. "What made you so nice?" "Careful, Seaweed Brain. Or my mother might just appear in the middle of the road." Percy scoffed. "So? I have you here to protect me." They walked in silence it a couple more steps, enjoying the cool breeze. "At least now we know who was throwing popcorn at you. What do you think dad was congratulating me for?" "For scoring such a awesome girl like me," Annabeth replied happily. "Oh wait, not girl – legend." "I'm serious." "So am I." Annabeth smiled, and then saw Percy's expression. "Okay, fine, he might also have been congratulating you on getting past my mother with all body parts still intact. But I bet you anything, my first idea was true too." "I learnt a long time ago," Percy stopped in the middle of the sidewalk, pulling Annabeth closer. "Never bet against Annabeth." Then they kissed, and kept on walking. -oOo- I know some of you wil think that that was one of the worst fanfics I have ever done. I certainly do! And I give you my deepest apologies for scarring you people forever. :( Well, as crappy as it is, I didn't want to just delete it and know I suffered a dozen headaches for nothing. So thanks for reading. But at least I tried. That's something. I'm not even gonna tell you to review. It's that bad. Oh, and btw, for those of you who don't know yet, THE RELEASE OF FINDING DORY HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED FOR 2016! *party popper explodes* *confetti everywhere* *up beat music starts playing* *random people throw rose petals* *everyone partys* :DDDDDDDDD BE HAPPY PEOPLE! CELEBRATE!