the other boy's eyes before he got off one him by pushing back with his arms, rolling off his knees and standing up. Turning around he didn't have any time to react when it hit him. Literally. Percy gasped and he dropped Riptide that was in its pen size as pain exploded through him. He heard Nico scream something and instantly went on high alert, but the pain was too great for him to do anything. He fell to his knees and cried out softly when he looked down to see a large spear, running through his abdomen. Percy could see his vision was tunneling, he felt tears fall from his eyes. It hurt so bad… At least he protected Nico, he thought dimly… Percy looked up through the helmet he still wore and saw that Nico was standing a few feet in front of him, summoning the dead and dark vapors rose around him. He sent them towards the giants when he turned to Percy, and noticed his lower lip was quivering. Nico turned back round, summoning more dead to attack the last two giants who struck at the undead one blow at a time with clubs. You aren't going to give up just like that now are you? Gaea cooed within his mind. Grinding his teeth together as fury built up inside him, he gripped the spear that was lodged through him, whispering "One… two…" Then he broke it in half, giving a small yell. Breathing heavily, his chest rising and falling in great heaves, he moaned as he reached behind him and felt for the tip. He found it was only a simple spear, one with a carved tip instead of metal. He bit the inside of his cheek as he pushed the remaining bit that hadn't broken off in, when he let out a groan of frustration and ripped off the damned helmet. With a sudden moment of rush, he shoved the remaining bit of the spear from the front and into the back where he kept it inside of him thinking better than ripping it out. He moaned in pain as it burned furiously, and knew he wasn't going to last much longer, but he absolutely had to protect Nico. He wouldn't give up this time. Unsteadily getting to his feet, he shuffled forward his feet scuffing the ground, and he put a hand on Nico's shoulder. Nico turned his head tears in his dark eyes, when Percy gave him his crooked smile. "You are such a stupid hero…" Nico choked out. Percy grinned despite the pain, and ruffled Nico's hair. "Let me protect you." "I'm not a damn kid!" He whisper shouted, not trusting his voice it seemed. Percy turned towards the remaining giant steeling his resolve as he uncapped Riptide which he had picked up, as Nico's army fell away and he said as he walked forward towards the giant "I know, but I'm going to do it anyways." What Percy didn't notice as he faced certain death was Nico reaching out to him, tears streaming down his face as he faced the brink of exhaustion. Percy narrowed his eyes, a heavy feeling of knowing settling within him, and the giant ran attack him though it looked pretty beat up. Percy gritted his teeth and ran at it, and managed to cut it from its mid belly that bulged like a beer gut and down when the mighty son of Poseidon was hit dead on by the club it swung as it bursted into gold dust. Percy flew through the air and landed where the boulder that almost crushed Hazel was, his back impacting the rock, blood flew from his mouth as he slid down to the ground, his stomach bleeding profusely and blood leaking from the corners of his mouth and ears. Black dimmed his vision and he felt himself exhausted of everything he had, when he looked up and managed keep his eyes open when Nico skidded in front of him, getting on his knees. Percy knew he didn't have long, especially with all the blood pooling around his body. He could feel that one of his legs was broken along with some of his ribs, but a cold numbness was overtaking his body. "P-Percy," Nico whimpered, tears falling from his eyes as he stared at him. Percy smiled, his eyes heavy and he panted for breath as it became hard to breathe. "T-tell everyone I'm sorry… Gaea was… controlled me…" He said furrowing his brow staring blankly when Nico put a hand to his face, wiping away some of the blood leaking from the corners of his mouth. Lifting his eyes to look at Nico, he saw him Inches away from him. Lifting up his arm so his hand could wipe the other boy's dark locks out of his eyes he listened as Nico said, "Percy… why?" Nico choked out, and Percy gave a weak smile his strength fading. "I had to protect you… I'm sorry for everything I've done to you for you to hate me…" He murmured when Nico hugged him, burying his head in the crook of his neck. Percy could feel the wetness of the boys tears on his skin when he lifted his arms to hug the boy back, though he could no longer feel and part of his body except the warmth Nico was giving him. He rubbed Nico's head comfortingly when a minute passed and he stilled his bright eyes half closed as his heart stopped slowly. Ba-dum Ba-dum Ba-dum… Silence. He never got to hear the words Nico whispered to late against him as he cried his anguish out. Hours later, Hazel and Jason, both bruised and bandaged, found Nico in the same position, his tears dried out, laying against Percy's cold shoulder, having this tear streaked, heartbroken look on his face, the little light in his eyes gone, plainly showing grief over the loss of the one he had always loved.