"It's the thought that counts, Nico. Thank you." A rosy blush formed on the merman's cheeks. Nico scoffed and rubbed at the heat. "It doesn't help anything, though." "Sure it does," Will insisted. "You can tell me all about it when you get back. I'd love to hear about it from you. You haven't seen one either yet, have you?" "But it wouldn't be the same," Nico whined. He rubbed his forehead and messed up his drying hair in the process. It was standing up all over the place, but Nico either didn't notice or didn't care. "Maybe there's some salve Saphira can cook up that can protect you from the sunlight…" Will tilted his head. "Who?" Nico looked up. "Oh. I never told you about her? She's the local witch of the palace. We've been good friends for a while now. She's the one who showed me the way up here—even though I was fucking caught in a net because of her," he ended in a bitter mutter. Will chuckled. "I see. A good friend, huh? Maybe you should bring her along next time? I'd like to meet her." "Yeah, if she'd stop lying about being 'busy'," Nico muttered. "I swear she knew everything that was going to happen before it ever did. She always liked spoilers…" "Did she," Will said. He was growing more and more amused by the second. Nico seemed tipped off by the laughter in Will's voice. He looked at him, eyes growing suspicious. "…What are you thinking about?" Will leaned forward, mischievousness oozing from his body. "What did she tell you about today?" Nico frowned. "What do you mean? She told me that she had to scout out this place and get stuff for today. Why?" Will couldn't help the grin that broke across his face. "I can smell some interesting things in that satchel you brought with you." "This?" The merman grabbed the bag at his side and riffled through it. "There's just snacks in here and…" Nico's eyes blew wide. His face turned the shade of a tomato. "Wha…What?" Will raised an eyebrow and picked up the bottle that Nico was staring at. "She seemed to believe things would get a bit…intimate, did she?" he wondered, recognizing the smell of lube leaking out from the glass. He turned his grin to the red merman. Realization made Nico hide his face in his hands. "She did say something like that—oh my gods I'm so sorry !" The vampire fell into a fit of laughter. "I—I have to say, your friend seems to have thought of everything!" he exclaimed. He popped open the cork and sniffed at the contents. "This is almost exactly like the stuff we have here on land." Nico just groaned in his hands. "How would it even work, anyway?" Will continued just to tease the merman. "You'll have to explain how exactly merman anatomy works. But you don't know anything about land folk, do you? It looks like we have a couple of awkward conversations ahead of us." "Shut up," Nico muttered. Will just chuckled and corked the bottle. Tossing it into the satchel, Will focused his attention instead on wrapping his arms around the hunched Nico. "Easy, tiger," Will said, still grinning. "I'm sure she was just messing with you." Nico raised his head and glared at the vampire. "That would make two of you." Will winked. "Forgive me, but how couldn't I? You made it really easy, Nico." The merman's face was still bright red. He shoved Will off of him. "Fine," he said in a not-so-convincing tone. "I'll just leave then. See you in never." The vampire laughed and hugged Nico again. "You can't leave yet! You said you'd stay until I had to leave!" Nico's nose wrinkled. "Fine," he said. "But then it's see you in never." "I think I can get you to change your mind," Will purred. "How about no ?" All it took was a couple kisses up the merman's gills to get him to cave. Their lips met with the heat of a fire. It wasn't a painful fire, but rather a pleasant sting of water coupled with the heat of their tongues dancing together in their mouths. Will could have lived and died a thousand times if only to experience that kiss only once. And that was before Nico scraped his tongue on one of Will's fangs and— oh . The taste of Nico's blood coupled with the kiss? It was basically alcohol. Eventually the vampire had to force himself away just so he didn't full on bite Nico. But it was just as difficult to hold himself back once he set eyes on a very disheveled merman prince below him on the shore. Nico's cheeks were a pleasant red hue, mirrored by his swollen lips. That and his half-lidded eyes were very hard not to ravish. His eyes rolled over the merman's body, only to freeze once they reached his silver-scaled hips. Will stared at the merman's tail for a long time, almost not comprehending what he was seeing there. He blinked several times, but the sight didn't disappear like a dream. Which meant… "I think you really need to explain that anatomy now," Will rasped out, glad he wasn't able to blush. Nico erupted into a fit of giggles. He grabbed Will by the collar of his shirt and drew him down into another searing kiss. And Will realized he couldn't care less about how different they were. Even through the pain, they were their own people—and Will found that Nico was one he could quite happily fall in love with. ~ ҉ ~ A/N: I hope you enjoyed! Please tell me what you thought of it—review, PM me, or you can find me on Tumblr (my username is songofthewinterspirit) because I also draw and stuff. Yeah. I hope that was enough fluff and plot to satisfy you. (The OC Saphira was CrazyCookieChick—not very accurately, though. Love you hun!)