felt the vein on the side of his neck, your thumb brushing over his Adam's apple. Sweat dripped from his forehead as he had never seen this side of you. Time stopped for the second time that day. No one else mattered. It was just you and this boy, the world around you was dead at the present moment. "Someone's asking for their death sentence by me," You cocked your head to the side, finally looking up at the boy's face, horror written over it. Pale and ugly. Just like all the time's you have been called (y/n). Unleash it. "Well, today is your lucky day, I'd happily give it to you." Your hand tightened around the boy's neck finally making him gasp. His lungs were drained of the precious oxygen they needed, the longer you held him there. Oh, how you wanted to do so much to this brat that lay before you at your mercy. This was why you wanted to leave this cruel world, to live in a world where you would never experience this anymore. Where you could be free of this humiliation. Isn't it time you put others through this mess? "Please... stop... (y/n)..." The boy had now started to gasp for air, as you continued to stare at his face blankly. His mouth unable to form the words he longed to beg you for mercy, to let him go. No. You have suffered enough from this (y/n). It's time you let go of the control you have kept me under. By now his body was shaking uncontrollably, the blood draining from his face. No longer was he one of the popular kids. He was being put down, reduced to nothing, by this average teen he knew nothing about, except your name. The bystanders stood there watching this scene unfold, not one daring to intervene. He looked directly into your eyes pleadingly, trying to get the message across, though he saw nothing. This wasn't you. There was no emotion; your eyes were blank. No soul and no life occupied your body. "Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about," Your voice was tainted with hate, as you looked directly into the boy's eyes. Staring into the soul of this bag of blood God had decided to place in front of you. "Every bright smile hides the thousands of pain they experience..." "Yet it is people like you, that don't give a shit for the rest of the world and others. How naive of you and your so called friends. You may have dreams for the future, but I don't. I've been robbed of this," You slammed the boy up against the canteen wall head first, "in a way you won't understand." "And in a way which you will never experience." You continued, losing control over your own body. His face scrunched up from the searing pain that exploded over the back of his head. He cried out in the most inhumane way, his vision turning white for a split second. Suffer, just like everyone has done to me. "Pathetic," You spat out, malice evident in your voice. You let your rage consume over your body, ever so close to snapping the spine at the back of his neck. You watched the sweet crimson liquid started oozing out the back of his head, painting the dull yellow walls a bloody red. "What a pretty colour isn't it?" You said blankly to no one in particular, a smile adorning your dark face. Your free hand brushed the wall, the liquid staining your hand, tainting you unclean, as you brought it up to the boy's eyes for him to see. His eyes widened, his thoughts blanked out at the sight of his own fresh blood on your fingers. He tried desperately to lash out of you, to free himself out of this containment, but his body was dead. Unresponsive. It felt like he was possessed under your control. But you weren't doing any witchcraft. You knew all too well that this boy's time would be up in the next few moments if you didn't let go of his fragile porcelain china neck. This was just the beginning of his trip to hell early. Don't let go. Let him suffer the way you have suffered. "(y/n) STOP! You'll kill him!" Your ex-best friend's voice brought you out of your uncontrollable state of mind. Your eyes finally turned to the human life's fate you still held in your hands. You let go, taking a step back, as you watched the boy slide down the canteen wall, painting the walls with his own life that was leaving him. He collapsed on the floor shuddering, trying to regain his fragile breath, his chest rising and falling violently with difficulty in an attempt to calm his deadly pulse. People rushed towards the boy, your friend too pushed you out of the way and began to cry out his name. You took a step back. Then another... And another. Retreating away from the mess you had caused. This isn't me. It isn't my fault. No one can know about my past. I want to forget my past. Not to remember it. I want to move on. You turned back to your table by the window, checking if your phone was still there. The younger pupils stared at you; their faces having the 'deer in the headlights expression'. They started to back away from the now highly classified crime scene. Get out of here. Your instincts called out. You felt sick as you drifted in and out of consciousness, your breathing starting to pick up as you stumbled towards your table for your school bag and phone. Your blood pressure increased; beginning to feel the walls of the building around you crush the last of your humanity. You grabbed your personal belongings and ran away from the hell where no one cared, still hearing the voices and screaming of your fellow classmates.