have that space over there by Luke." She pointed to where Luke was sitting against the wall, and while there was only barely enough room for the two of them in the cleared area, Solara thought that it was the best place in the world. She didn't say anything though. She just nodded and made her way over to Luke and slid down the wall next to him. She offered him a small, tired smile, but decided that she'd let him decide if he wanted to talk to her. "Thank you," he said quietly, so quietly that she almost missed it. "What do you mean?" she asked and used the same amount of volume that he had. If he didn't want anyone listening in, then who was she to argue. "For helping... for helping my friend," he said, "Thalia wouldn't have lasted as long as she did without you there to help her." Solara sighed, "I'm just sorry that I couldn't do more... and sorry that she died trying to help me." Luke shook his head. "She wanted to die. I knew her well enough to know that she hadn't wanted to live like a hunted animal... Thalia also did what she did best. She was helping someone else... Or well, fighting to protect someone else." "She sounds amazing," Solara said. She sighed and reached out hesitantly towards his hand. Lightly resting hers on top of his she spoke again. "You sound like you were really close to each other." "We were just friends," Luke said, and he was staring at their hands, but he didn't move his away. "Doesn't mean you can't be close," Solara defended, "There was someone that I considered my brother, but we both knew for a fact that we weren't related in the slightest." "What happened to him?" Luke asked. Solara had to blink furiously to hold back tears. "He died," she said. While it might not be strictly true, the barrier that separated her from Triton might as well be death. She had also cared for Luke as a brother once upon a time, and she had actually watched him die a couple of times, so she was totally lying to him. Yeah, she didn't believe that line either. "Does the pain ever go away?" he asked. She shook her head, "No," she said, "I won't lie to you and tell you that one day it won't hurt anymore. Time, cannot in fact, heal all wounds. The pain becomes less, and one day you'll wake up, and her death will not be the first thing you think of. You won't ever forget her, I can promise you that, but eventually the memories won't be as painful. You'll be able to think back on the good times without it hurting so much that someone ripping out your heart can't possibly feel worse. You'll be able to smile when you talk about her, but the pain won't ever fully go away. Hell, you may not want it to after awhile, because the pain reminds you that she mattered." "She does matter," Luke said more to himself than to her. "And that is why it hurts so much right now," Solara said, "Let yourself feel the pain for now... I've, sadly, found that it helps the grieving process. The sooner you let the pain in, the sooner you can remember to good memories without it hurting." "You've lost more than just a surrogate brother." Solara nodded. "Yeah... So many people die around me," she frowned and shook her head, "I swear it's like I'm cursed, because no matter what I do, the people I try to save always end up dying." "Is that why you're leaving?" he asked. "Partly," she admitted, "I can be a loner so much easier out there. To just blend into the crowd, and let everyone pass you by. For me, that's better than watching people I care about die." "You'd rather be on your own," Luke nodded, "I can understand that." Solara gave him another sad smile. "Maybe we'll see each other again one day," she said, "But for now, I need to be by myself... I still have my own grieving to do." Luke nodded and managed a small, sad smile of his own. "Well, you know where I'll be." "That I do," Solara said, and she did, she knew exactly where he was going to be. End Notes So, that refused to end. The song the chapter title comes from is 'Her Name Is Alice' by Shinedown. Okay, it isn't that bad, but I had thought that it was only going to be about 3k, and then it turns into a 4.5k monster. Anyway, Solara is somewhat similar to my old character Solaris I'll admit, but there are some pretty big differences between the two, and unless someone has a really good memory, or has that story archived somewhere, I'm not going to tell you what changed. I also greatly changed things from my last plot, and I haven't actually seen a story like mine in this fandom before, and it's kind of weird, and can be argued that it's a perfect self-insert type of plot... But I really don't care. (Yes, read into that Demi Lovato song lyric, I love that song.) Because I haven't had this much fun writing a story in years. Tl:dr I no longer care what people think, and I'm going to have fun with this. :) Please leave a nice comment on your way out. Haters are going to hate, but please keep it to yourself. As my mother taught me, 'if you don't have something nice to say, then don't say anything at all'. Questions and constructive criticism will also be accepted. (I will always accept constructive criticism, without it, I would never get better.) See you next time! ;) (I'm going to aim for weekly updates, but it may end up being every other week, or monthly if I get a job.)