out and woke them all up. Annabeth's arm was bad the sword went all the way through her arm and out the other side. Tyson's leg was just as bad and they knew that the nectar and ambrosia wasn't going to fix it as easily as last time. Then Daylon walk over put his hand on Annabeth's wound she cried out but then there was a purple glow that got brighter and the color came back to her face and then the light died and he moved his hand and the wound was just a tiny scar on her arm. She looked up at him then thank him and got up he then over to Tyson and did the same to him but it took a lot out of him and he stumbled but he picked himself up and they got moving to the bus station a half mile down the street but the weird thing was the mortals seemed to see none of things that happened witch was good and weird that's they didn't say they killed fifty innocent people with a bomb. At the bus stop "Alright get on board" said the clerk as the group left the station. They got on the bus and headed for San Francisco to Mt. Tam that's where Hades said they where being held at the peak right where the old titan palace was witch couldn't be good. They got to the mountain at about 7:30 pm it was get in colder but they didn't care they walked up the path and they saw the dragon Ladon he was as big as Percy said they had bad memories in this place. Daylon moved up the side of the garden all one hundred heads snoring like coiled cables glinting bronze. Then of course someone stepped on a stick and the dragon woke pissed that someone disrupted his sleep. When he hissed it sounded like they got to close to 100 snakes at once they ran for their lives and the sudden movement made Ladon lunge just then lightning arced out of Daylon's hands Tyson started pummeling head after head and swinging as fast as he could everybody started running again and they got far enough that Ladon decided he wouldn't leave his post but if they came back he would eat them as soon as he could. They ran up the stairs to find a build building not the titans building but the same black marble. They started looking they searched for a while then split up to search then Daylon found a basement and he went down and found the 12 gods but something was wrong he he didn't see the guy who was there with them. He ran over to Hera first and asked "are you ok Lady Hera?" she said yes and told him he must brake the cells with his combined power. He started building power felt it expand in his chest to brake them when the guy came in with all four of his group. He told Daylon to back away from the cells the guy was like 16 maybe 17 he was to Oracle from Camp Jupiter Octavian. "You where foolish to come here without a weapon what happen Ladon got it?" Daylon grits his teeth "No but if you don't let them go I will free them and let them exact vengeance on you little Oracle. "Try lets see who faster." Daylon exploded killing the 3 people near Octavian but he threw his knife at him. Daylon saw the glint reacting he jumped in the air and summoned his swords and landed feet first ready to kill but he didn't have to all the gods where freed and back to full power also just a little angry at him before Daylon could kill him lightning exploded from behind Daylon and killed Octavian. An Iris message appeared and they saw Nemesis standing there with her back to them saying "we have collected enough energy to empower me Octavian now come back to the"...she had turned around and saw all 12 of the most powerful gods and godesses looking very pissed and she stopped talking then slashed through the message and went into hiding till the time was right. On Olympus "Thank you Daylon for coming to get us from them.""sir if I may how did they capture all of you I mean all 12 of you that seems impossible?" Daylon asked. Zeus looked down at his body distastefully. "they had the help of all the titans... Goodbye Daylon we will meet again." Daylon left for Camp excited to get back. at Camp Half-Blood Once they got back there was such a big party that it took a whole day for the cleaning harpies to clean it all up people where still asleep from it but Daylon and Jenny. Jenny made Daylon tell her everything that happened and he didn't mind at all because he missed Jenny and he wanted to let her everything and she laughed and awed when he told her about the healing and the whole trip she said "wow I hope I get to do something like that when I'm old enough." he smiled and went to Rachel's to thank her for looking after Jenny these past three weeks. He knocked "may I come in?" again he heard scrambling then a "yes" he walked in and found her sitting in a chair holding a book he didn't pay attention the the cover and said "I just wanted to thank you for keeping a eye on my sister while I was gone so thank you." she nodded and he sat down and she asked all about the quest he started from the beginning and they talked till the sun came up and Daylon walked back to his cabin got in bed and closed his eyes he remembered its good to have a real family and went to sleep with no dreams for the first time.