fisting Percy's hair in his hands when he felt the younger Titan move in, sucking it gently. He smirked pleased with Kronos' reaction, teasingly licking it with the tip of his tongue causing Kronos to arch his back. He moved away from Kronos' Adam's apple, resting his head on the other side of Kronos' neck. Percy shut his eyes, focusing on thrusting deeper, trying to find Kronos' prostate. He could hear Kronos' voice quietly mumbling his name through his laboured breaths, though he knew he'd found it when Kronos bucked his hips in response. Percy sucked in a deep breath, holding the angle of the position he was in, trying to continuously thrust deep into Kronos. He grunted, feeling Kronos' walls clench around his length, knowing the Kronos was reaching his peak. He placed one arm beside Kronos' head, holding himself up, whilst his other snaked down towards Kronos' length, cupping his balls gently. He began to pump the older Titan's length. "Fuck, you're good," Kronos laughed through his laboured breaths, "Where did you learn this?" "Secrets of the trade," Percy winked at Kronos, thrusting harder on that particular comment. He smiled, hearing Kronos curse, continuing his ministrations, twisting his hand as he jerked Kronos off. The bed groaned, squeaking in protest from the pair above it. "Shit," Kronos gasped out, as he could feel himself nearing his peak. He cupped Percy's face in one hand, his other hand still in Percy's hair bringing the younger Titan closer to him in a dizzying kiss. Percy moaned into Kronos' mouth, his thrusts becoming sloppy as Kronos clenched down on his length, he too was nearing his own peak. Percy could feel the knot deep within his abdomen tightening, his body in absolute pleasure. He began to thrust harder, wanting to finish at the same time as Kronos, picking up the pace with pumping Kronos' length. "Percy," Kronos was the first to separate from the kiss, gasping out as he reached his orgasm, his vision blurring and seed shooting all over his and Percy's heaving torsos. "Firefly," Percy cried out, feeling himself too come undone at the same time as Kronos. He bucked his hips into Kronos, filling the older Titan's asshole to the brim, riding his orgasm out. He collapsed on top of Kronos, barely managing to hold himself up with his arms. They lay there in a sandwich, bodies panting and eyes shut from how high both of them were. Minutes passed and Percy was the first to move, coming down from his orgasm first. He observed the older Titan's face, eyes still shut and mouth still agape. His eyes trailed down Kronos' body, noticing Kronos' glistening cum coating his abs. Percy moved down slowly, his breath fanning over Kronos' abs tickling his skin, whilst he continued to watch the older Titan. "Percy," Kronos panted out, his hands quickly finding Percy's head, digging into his hair. "Can I clean you up?" Percy asked, his mind racing at the thought of such a ludicrous request. "Hmmm," Kronos hummed, too exhausted to formulate a response in his lust filled mind. Percy moved in, his tongue flicking against Kronos' scorching skin tasting Kronos' own seed. A bittersweet salty flavour made Percy shudder, his body responding to such an erotic act he was carrying out. Percy continued with his dessert, succumbing to the flavour of Kronos' seed, lapping up all of Kronos load. Kronos kept arching his back from the sensation of Percy's cool tongue against his flushed skin, enjoying every moment of Percy's assault. Once done Percy straddled Kronos waist, watching the older Titan who finally opened his golden eyes. "You know, you look bloody hot when you fuck with an unbuttoned shirt," Kronos stated grinning. "What?" Percy was confused, till he looked down at the sweat covered shirt half falling off his arms. "Oh." He said in realisation. "Here," Kronos smirked, his hands moving up to peel it off Percy's body, throwing it to the floor. "Thanks," Percy blushed, not meeting Kronos' eyes. His mind was racing, still not over the fact that he had just taken Kronos in the asshole. "Come here," Kronos warmed, wrapping his arms against the younger Titan's back under his arms, pulling him close. "Kronos," Percy whined, "I was gonna have a shower and you should join me too." "Tomorrow," Kronos stated, shutting his eyes. Though his breath hitched, feeling his dick twitch at the thought of Percy's request, his mind drifting back to earlier on in the shower when he was daydreaming of Percy. "But-" Percy protested. "Tomorrow." Percy opened his mouth, then shut it again gazing at Kronos' smiling face, illuminated in the moonlight. "Fine," Percy mumbled, not wanting to start another argument so soon. Though it was for the better, or Kronos would've had a round two with Percy, rendering Percy unable to walk the next morning… "Let's play this Pocky Game again sometime," Kronos breathed out, his eyes still shut though he had a playful smirk on his face. He drew the covers over them, completely forgetting about the Gods that were hunting them down. The only thing that mattered was his Percy at that moment. "I'm sure I'll win next time." "We'll see about that Firefly," Percy smirked, snuggling deeper into Kronos' comforting embrace, glad that this game wasn't over just yet . Thank you for reading this lemon! I hope it satisfies your desires for the Peronos ship that sails and will continue to sail for all of eternity! If you love this pairing, feel free to request me any other ideas or moments you want to see happen between these two! Follow and fav for more in the future. And whilst you're here, check out the other story I'm writing called 100 Days Lost in Time's Domain – a reader insert story into the PJO world with a twist. ;) Good Morning, Good Afternoon, Good Evening and Good Night! Have a great day my lovely readers! ~ Fates Moonlight Demon