which the young fan had just run out of. "That's why I took a gap year. For art. That's what I do. And-" Suddenly, they both jumped in shock as someone banged on the glass window next to their coffee table. Jason peered outside to see an impish man- no, more like boy- with a slim and scrawny build, wild, unruly, curly hair and an elf-like face. He banged on the glass again impatiently, waving at the two of them and smiling cheerfully when Piper scowled. Jason's gaze shifted past the man- Leo, he assumed- to a group near the exit, and recognized his art history professor. He caught sight of Jason staring at him when his eyes scanned the room, searching for stray students, and motioned dramatically for Jason to hurry and join them. Eyes widening at the idea of getting into trouble for spending time with someone instead of observing the art work, Jason pushed back from the table. "I have to go-" "Jason, wait-" Piper began desperately. "Please-" "Piper, I have to go, sorry," he stumbled over his words, and casting her panicked face one last look, her lips parted, her eyes blown wide with despair, he stumbled out of the coffee shop to where his class waited, all, including Mr. Ashton, too absorbed in their own talk to pay him anymore notice, thankfully. "Hey, man, wait!" He heard a voice behind him. Leo. "Jason!" Her grip was strong, and he slowed down. She jumped into his vision, he front of him, grabbing his arms. "Jason, wait, please." She stopped, breathing hard, and tightened her grip on his arms as if expecting him to try to escape. But he didn't, and waited to hear her out. Partly because he just couldn't leave her, not after all the trust that has accumulated between them, a tower of blocks constantly growing and growing, almost tipping over. Unstable. And also because she looked absolutely dazzling at the moment. God, he was never gonna make it in life. "I- I'm sorry," she said again. Her voice was low, but laced with desperation and intensely genuine. "Really, I just couldn't bring myself to tell you. Then you would treat me like an artist, and that's not only who I am. I like you, okay? Really. I'm sorry, I am, but you just made me feel so happy for a while and I didn't want to ruin it and-" She abruptly broke off, because suddenly, Jason had erratically surged forward, grabbing her face in his hands and pressing his lips to hers. Catching her by such surprise that she almost stumbled, he muffled the rest of her frantic words. Her lips were warm and soft against his as all other sound around them dissipated, unmoving at first, but then slowly responding. He broke away first, still clutching her face in his hands. Her hands were clutching his shirt tightly, as if he would choose that moment to suddenly run off. Granted, he might have. Their breaths mingled, their lips still close, almost brushing against each other. Then her lips broke into that gorgeous smile and she laughed quietly, delightedly, a beautiful sound. Reaching up with one hand, she gingerly pushed his glasses further up his nose. "Sorry," Jason whispered. "I had to do that." Her eyes moved up from gazing at his lips to meeting his half lidded eyes as they stared down at her. She was short, compared to him. At least eight inches shorter. It was adorable. "So I guess secretly slipping that slip of paper with my number into your back pocket didn't make much of a difference, then?" She grinned mischievously. Jason's hands immediately reached into his pocket, and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper. "How...?" "Skills I picked up from Leo," she responded easily. "Told you he gets into trouble a lot." Jason chuckled. "Great use of them, Pipes." She smiled at him, the corners of her eyes crinkling. "Well, that was unexpected." Jason pulled away to spin around as Piper slipped her hand easily into his. Leo stood there, the amusement in his eyes barely suppressed. He grinned as Piper rolled her eyes. Grabbing Jason by the collar of his shirt, she spun him back around to meet her eyes. "So I didn't go into all that trouble to put that slip in there just so you could go home and throw it away." "No, it was to get her hand on your ass!" They both decided to ignore Leo's voice as Piper blushed. "So use it," she finished. "Or?" Jason pushed. "I'll just spend the rest of my days waiting in New York art galleries, waiting for you to show up to admire my work." She smirked, and Jason couldn't resist leaning down to kiss her again. "Jason Grace!" He pulled away in surprise to see his professor some distance away, glaring at him disapprovingly. Piper laughed in front of him, and stepped back. Waving, she grabbed Leo by the arm, a bit too harsh, judging by Leo's loud yelp (or maybe he was just too dramatic) and casually strolled out of the exit, leaving Jason staring after her. And yes, he never exactly dreaded going to art galleries ever again, knowing he would have something much better than the same repetitive, depressing and gloomy paintings to distract him. -oOo- Sorry, sorry, sorry. I know I've been MIA for a while, it's been really tough lately, but I know no one wants to hear my sob stories. :) I don't know when I'll be able to update anything next- hell, I don't even know when I'll be able to write again, but I'll just take it slow and try my best. I know some of your summers might be ending right about now or in a while…? So this was just to cheer you up. :) Good luck with school/ college/ wherever else. Thanks for not sending me death threats. That's all I gotta say.