heart. How long it must have been since she had let go. Pulling her closer, he stroked her hair tenderly and whispered sweet nothings into her ear to comfort her as her tears wet his skin. "Sh, it's ok, I wouldn't leave you. Promise. I promise, Piper, I won't leave you." Once her sobs had quieted down, she pulled back to look at him, her eyes red. "Sorry. I don't know what-" "It's fine. I get them too. Only mine are about losing you, and not being able to save you again…" A wave of misery overcame Jason. He truly despised those nightmares. Tenderly, Piper stroked his face. "I know. Trust me, I know." Once she had calmed down, and quit reliving the horrible memories, Piper bought up the subject again. "Your turn now. Why were you awake?" Before Jason could reply, Piper's eyes widened. "Gods, Jason, why are you so hot?" Her eyes widened even further (which Jason doubted was even possible) until they were the size of saucers, and a slow blush was creeping up her cheeks. Jason couldn't even begin to describe how cute she looked when she as embarrassed. "I- I didn't- I didn't mean-" Jason chuckled at her nervous stuttering. She glared at him. "What I meant to ask was: Why is your skin so warm?" She lifted her hand to place it on his forehead, and then pulled it away, a grim expression on her face. "You're burning up." "Should we call the fire department?" "Ha-ha, very funny," she replied as she jumped out of the bed, her voice literally dripping with sarcasm. Jason groaned, already missing her warmth. And the need for her only increased when he was hit with another abrupt round of fatigue, nausea and headaches. Swinging open the cupboards and drawers, she asked: "Where's that emergency nectar?" "First cupboard," he managed to moan, and Piper sent him a concerned side-long glance as she took out the tiny tank filled with the godly drink, and also took a small cube of wrapped ambrosia. Walking over to the bed, she slowly lowered herself beside him so as not to shake the bed too much. Within minutes, his condition had gone from perfectly fine to fever ridden zombie freak. The dark circles were prominent under his eyes, his skin was a ghostly pale, and his blond hair was glued to his forehead with sweat. He hadn't ever felt anything this bad. With the same tenderness she had shown when Jason had been stabbed back when they were sixteen, she gently helped him sip some nectar, while speaking words of sweet comfort into his ears. She unwrapped the ambrosia, but was careful not to give him too much. Already, Jason could feel some of his strength returning. But the nausea and headache was still present, and so was his fever. Apparently Piper had noticed too, for she had immediately leapt up to her feet. The sudden movement made Jason dizzy, and he groaned. Muttering a hurried apology, Piper ran to the bathroom, grabbing a clean face towel on the way. She soon came out carrying a bucket of water in one hand and the towel in the other. She set the stuff near the edge of the bed, balancing it so it wouldn't fall. Climbing over to sit next to Jason, she leaned against the side wall so that she was facing the side of Jason's weak (and slightly pathetic, in his opinion) form. Gently, she lifted his head and set it on her lap, and swiftly got to work. When the first ie cold towel made contact with his burning, feverish forehead, Jason almost yelped, but Piper shushed him. "Trust me, it'll help." "So you've been taking first aid classes," Jason mumbled weakly, but still jokingly. "What else have you been hiding?" She rolled her eyes good naturedly. "Shut up, or I'll go." The touch of the cool towel on his forehead, plus the feeling of Piper near him was so comforting Jason began drifting into sleep, "Oh, no you don't. Don't fall asleep, Jason. The fever won't go down." Jason groaned. The nausea was threatening to spill out his guts. "Don't, Jason. Just hold on. Just hold on, sparky." As soon as Piper said those words, a fresh wave off memories rolled into Jason's mind. "You haven't called me sparky in a long time," he managed to croak out, hoping she'd remember and play along. By the looks of it, she did remember. Her eyes lit up, and a smile traced along her lips. "Stick with me, and I'll insult you all I want." Their laughs mingled together. Piper removed the cloth from his forehead and placed her hand on his neck to check his temperature. She smiled. "Well, what do you know? They say laughter is the best medicine. I guess that's true." "Are you sure that was laughter which healed me, or a certain daughter of Aphrodite?" Jason asked, grinning. "Oh, I don't know. What do you think, sparky?" In response, Jason pulled her down and pressed his lips to hers. Moments later, when they were snuggled together, forms entangled on the bed, did Piper say those three words again. Directly into his ear, just as he was drifting off into slumber. The three words which only the two of them knew – knew how important they were. How many loving memories were held in those words. Three words which had the exact same meaning as three other words, only a little more meaningful. "Stick with me." -xXx- Well, that was a lot longer than I expected. I swear, the thing just kind of wrote itself. But it was seriously enjoyable writing it. PLEASE REVIEW. I BEG U. I accept prompts and requests in the reviews too. And I was thinking of making a fanfic including a bunch of chapters on HoO ships, based on different songs. Not exactly songfics, just following the song's storyline. What do you guys think?