with wide eyes as if he was a totally different person. While Percy was four years older than Nico. Percy thought of the little boy as his brother and so far, one of his closest friends. However, his relationship with Bianca is different. For her whole life, Bianca looked over her brother. She filled the maternal position in their mother's absence. She was unnoticed by the people around her. Percy had no idea if he had parents or not, but he was unnoticed by the people around him as well. They were mature and for the past four months, equal partners in helping Nico grow up with a childhood. Percy and Bianca stared at each other until Nico interrupted there weird little moment. "You should probably be asking Grover that Perce." Nico chuckled slightly. "Yeah…" Percy looked down at Grover who was still bleating on the ground. "He may not have deserved that." Bianca through her hands up defensively. "I thought he was going to attack me!" She said and Nico helped the poor guy up. While Nico helped him up, Grover's pants seemed to rip as he was pulled off the ground revealing his lower body. Bianca and Nico shielded their eyes just in case but instead of two human legs there were two furry goat hooves. Grover seemed to have little horns grow out of his head and Bianca stepped back slightly while Nico stepped further in awe. The two siblings were so different. "A faun?" Percy tilted his bemused. He was shocked by his own words. Why the hell did he call Grover a faun? Before the half-animal could explain himself and everything else that just happened a feminine voice spoke out. "Satyr!" All four of them looked over to see a teenager around the age of 16 walk towards them. She was beautiful. With copper colored skin and silky black hair. Her eyes were the color of volcanic rock and a silver tiara rested on her head. She looked like a Persian princess. "Lady Artemis wishes to speak with Bianca Di Angelo and her two male companions." She said the word "male" with such disdain Percy flinched slightly. "Wait… Like the goddess Artemis?" Bianca asked hesitantly. Percy could tell Bianca was confused by the information. However, for some reason he wasn't. It was not much of a surprise when Grover transformed into a faun err… satyr. It was instinct when Percy called him a faun like it was instinct to take the gun and (with perfect aim) shoot down the manticore. See! Percy even knew the monster's name from instinct as well. "Lady Diana, as in the goddess of the hunt, moon and nature." Percy spoke. However, he instantly regretted it when the girl immediately snapped her head to look at Percy. He shrunk back slightly. The girl's eyes widened and her volcanic rock eyes seemed to burn with fury. "Satyr, lead thee to Lady Artemis's tent. I must speak to this male personally." "Yes Zoë." Grover immediately followed orders and dragged Bianca and Nico where the group of girls were setting up camp. "Wait, whoa time out here…" Bianca tried to reason as she walked off with Grover. Percy was about to call out to Bianca and reassure her that she was fine and that she would be alright facing the goddess. However, Zoë stomped right up to him and pulled up his jacket sleeve. "Hey… What are you doing?" Percy drooped the rifle with a thud and grunted slightly at the girl's force. He stared down at his forearm. SPQR was tattooed into his skin with five bars below it and a skull above. After taking a shower one night when Percy's dorm mates were heavily asleep, Percy found the tattoo and felt a slight connection along with another across his upper back. However, it was not strong enough to bring back old memories nor did the other tattoo on his back but Percy decided to keep both a secret. The tattoos seemed unimportant any way. But when Percy looked at Zoë's face when she saw the symbols on his arm, they were definitely not unimportant. "Who are you, demigod?" The girl hissed, gripping Percy's arm with an iron grip. "I…I don't know okay? My name is Percy Jackson, I'm 14-years-old…" "What do you know…" Percy didn't know it was possible for her grip to get even tighter. "I t..t.. told you! I don't know, alright? I woke up with no memories about four months ago." Percy hoped that was good enough information for Zoë' to finally let him go. 'God Damn she had one strong grip.' "Can you please let me go now?" Zoë' let go and pushed Percy making him stumble a little. There was silence as Percy held his bruised wrist and Zoë looked at him, deep in thought. Percy waited for her to say something, anything. While her behavior earlier was intimidating and hurtful Percy hid his hope that this Zoë' girl could help him regain his memories. She seemed to know something about his past. After several moments of waiting (on Percy's part) she finally spoke up. "Thou will discuss these problem with Lady Artemis in her tent. Bring your weapon as well boy." She said icily and walked off, Percy hesitantly following her. With a rifle strapped to his back and jacket sleeves rolled up, Percy faced whatever came next with a determined expression. After four months of praying for a clue, he finally might get something. So this is the re-edited version of an old story line I have had for a few years. I'm quite young so my writing skills aren't really on par with other writers who have experience on . This story line took me some time to create so it could be more realistic and more interesting than what I earlier wrote. I hope the story line interests more readers and…. Yeah! Please give comments and tips below, I'd really appreciate it. Thanks!