Will winked. When Nico pretended not to hear him, he got up, walked over to him, and put his hands on Nico's bare chest. "Don't think for a second that I don't like you in that way. I have had feelings for you since our hands touched on the battlefield. I hope you feel the same way," Will whispered, leaning in close. "I feel that way about you too," Nico stammered, flushing. Will held Nico's hand as they left camp and waited for the taxi. The gesture was unfamiliar to Nico, but he liked it. "You okay?" Will whispered. "I'm fine," Nico replied and he gave Will's hand a squeeze. He liked how stable Will was; he wasn't about to fade away at a moments notice. "Piper recommend a French restaurant and I was thinking of a walk in Central Park afterwards," Will said. "Thanks for arranging this," Nico said just as the taxi arrived. They got into the back of the car and held hands. They told the driver where they were going, but they rode in comfortable silence. They didn't want the driver to know every detail of their private lives. When Nico stepped out of the cab he was in awe. He had been to New York City before, but he never realized how huge it was. He saw the Empire State Building, where he once visited Mt. Olympus, and the Brooklyn Bridge in the distance. All the attractions and activity around him made him feel small and insignificant. He grabbed Will's arm for emotional support and they walked into the restaurant. Even though the big city overwhelmed him, he couldn't wait to see Central Park later. "We have a reservation for 2 under the name Will Solace at 6:00," Will told the hostess. "Of course, right this way," she said, leading them away from the entrance. "Is it a date? We do have some quieter, more secluded tables in the back, if you want some more privacy." Nico was surprised by this, the hostess seemed okay with the fact that they were together, but Will didn't bat an eyelash. "Yeah, we're on a date and a table in the back would be great," Will said awkwardly. The hostess sat them down. "Ok, great! Have a good one," she winked and walked off. "That was strange," Nico said to himself. "What was?" Will asked staring right into his eyes. Nico was startled. He didn't expect Will to hear him. "Nothing. It wasn't you. It was just that the waitress didn't seem to be prejudiced against us, because we're two guys on a date. It even seemed like she supported us..." Nico trailed off. Will laughed. "Nico, It's okay that we're dating. New York is a progressive place. Most people here will support us. Stop worrying, it's not good for you," Will said smiling. For good measure he added, "Doctor's orders." Which caused Nico to bury his face in his hands. "You mean a lot to me. Just wanted to tell you that," Nico said and for the first time ever, he initiated physical contact. He placed his hand on top of Will's and he smiled in response. They had a good dinner. It wasn't particularly romantic, but they both enjoyed it. "Are you ready to go to Central Park?" Will asked. Nico nodded, he was looking forward to some quality time with Will. They left the restaurant and walked through the archway welcoming them to the park. Instead of holding hands, Will wrapped his arm around Nico's waist. In response, Nico did something he would think was a dream later. He kissed Will on the cheek, not caring who saw. Will was surprised by this, but he liked having Nico show affection for once. "I like it here," Nico said after a while, gesturing to the park and city in general. "I don't feel like I have to be so...closeted." "I'm telling you people will accept us," Will said, smiling. Nico rolled his eyes, even though he knew Will was right. Will brought Nico to his favorite place in the park. It was a secluded area where children would sometimes feed the ducks during the day. The sun was setting an Nico noticed Will was getting tired. "Let's go rest on that bench over there" he suggested. Will, who was strictly a morning person, obliged. "This is a beautiful spot," Nico commented, referring to the sunset. Will nodded in agreement. They sat in silence for a while, looking into each other's eyes. Suddenly Will couldn't take it anymore. He needed to satisfy his longing for Nico. He checked that no one was watching and pressed their lips together. The best part was that Nico was kissing him back. Nico's first kiss was soft, short, and sweet. It wasn't over-the-top mushy, but it was more than just a peck. He was slightly startled when Will kissed him, but he found the experience enjoyable. "That was nice," Nico said, pulling away. He then went in for another, this one a little deeper than the first. "Was that your first kiss with a guy?" Nico asked. "It was my first kiss with anyone. I wanted it to be with the right person. You know, you're really special to me," Will said as he kissed Nico again. After their date, Will walked Nico back to the Hades cabin. When they were in front of the door, he grabbed both of Nico's hands, pulled him close and kissed him. "It's official, we're boyfriends now!" Will squealed. "Good. Maybe another date soon?" Nico said. He had never felt more comfortable with his sexuality. This statement earned him another kiss. He could hardly believe it. His first kiss was barely an hour ago, and now he couldn't stop. "Goodnight Will. See you tomorrow," Nico yawned. He went inside and fell asleep thinking about Will. He couldn't wait to see him again. Author's Note: I hoped you liked it! I'll be uploading another chapter soon.