of the shadows. "You have information?" he asked, tone uninterested. When this had started, Luke had constantly been working to charm her. Lacing his sentences with compliments and sweet words, looking her over in a way that made her feel like maybe her little crush could become something more. But he had long ago abandoned this approach. He had no longer needed to charm her, his blackmail was more than enough. And now, he wasn't even Luke anymore. Luke was gone. This was Kronos, and he certainly had no interest in the frivolities of flattery. "Yes," Silena answered. "The Ares cabin will not be participating in the war." This information caught his attention. He looked up, his oddly colored eyes contemplating. "You are sure of this?" "Based on the latest news, yes." He looked at her menacingly. "Is that all? You could easily have shared this through the scythe charm, there was no need to meet in person." "Charles is dead," Silena said, as evenly as she could when the words stung her tongue. "Ah, yes, your boyfriend. So?" The indifference in his tone was cruel. "I was told he would be safe," she said, trying to keep her voice from shaking. "And he would have been, had he not gone on that mission. You should have kept him from going. That one's on you, darling." When Silena didn't respond, he continued, "And if that's all, I'll be leaving. Keep me informed." Silena watched him leave. The scythe charm was digging into her palm, and she realized it was because her hand was tightly clenched. A cold, heavy feeling was seeping into her chest. Why had she given him information again? Her work as a spy had cost Charlie his life, and yet she had still reported to Kronos. It didn't make any sense, though nothing seemed to make sense anymore. So what if he told everyone her secret? The person she had been most desperate to keep it from was already dead. At least she could do something right, to honor his memory. Her head ached as she trudged back to Camp Half-Blood. Back to the people she continued to betray. If I am here, you're somewhere here. She didn't tell anyone when she started seeing him. She knew it was in her head. She knew it was just the guilt, the pain, the shock messing with her. But still, her heart stopped every time, and her stupid brain fell for it, and she believed for just a moment that maybe he was really there. Maybe he had survived. And then it would pass, and she would stand there, feeling crushed. Every time it felt like he had died again. Every time she was forced to remember that death was permanent, and Charlie was dead. Dead because of her. Now, as she rounded a corner on her way back from the stables, she froze. There he was, standing in front of her, smirking the way he did when he was happy and had a surprise for her. Then the feeling of relief passed and she realized that it was happening again. She realized that she was slowly losing a grasp on reality. She stood, feeling as if her insides had frozen over, staring straight ahead at Charlie who was there but wasn't. That's how Clarisse found her. Staring off into nothingness, with an expression that was impossible to discern. Wherever you go, you'll only find me. The flames of the bonfire danced, reaching for the sky, radiating what was supposed to feel like warmth and comfort. Silena felt suffocated, as if she was burning away. Memories whirled around in her head, of her and Charlie, sitting together, laughing, sharing s'mores, singing along in broken voices. Almost always they would end up the subject of numerous jokes, and they usually caught sight of coins exchanging hands as people placed bets on their relationship. The Aphrodite cabin would sit huddled together, analyzing their every move and arguing. Sometimes the Apollo kids would jokingly dedicate a song to them, and they would blush, holding hands, slightly uncomfortable but also savoring the attention, enjoying each other's company. Now, as she sat in front of the fire, her siblings who had dragged her away from the cabin sat pressed around her, unusually quiet. The singing was subdued, and Silena could feel the pitiful gaze of the other campers. The entire camp felt shrouded in gloom, with an imminent war casting a shadow over everything. She noticed the Stoll brothers looking around at the campers suspiciously. Trying to find the spy that had ruined everything. The fire did not feel comforting today. It felt like a warning of impending doom. Of the world up in flames. And it seemed to know that she was part of it all. These shadows of mine are comprised of you. As she faded out of consciousness, she wondered what would become of her. Would her betrayal condemn her to eternal punishment? Would her sacrifice earn her a spot in Elysium? Would the two cancel each other, sentencing her to the Fields of Asphodel? Charlie would be in Elysium. Would she get to see him? Or was separation their only destiny, even after death? Everything hurt. She could feel her connection to the living world fraying. How would the living remember her? A traitor, of course. She had ruined her cabin's reputation, lost their love and respect. She would be that stupid Aphrodite girl who betrayed everyone over a crush. It was better, then, wasn't it? That she would be dead, freed from the burden of everyone's disgust and contempt. Spared the torture of living in a world where those she cared about hated her. The sounds of battle raged on, a thousand galaxies away. The connection broke. And her spirit left, to see the unknown. And maybe to see Charlie. I am a planet now, you are a planet too, and now we'll meet in the world of stars.