clearly visible. Her lower lip wobbled as she slowly nodded her head. She walked unsteadily to the couch as Jason placed the lap top next to him and reached up to grab her hands. Gently, he pulled her down onto his lap and just let her stay there, burrowing into his warm chest. He remained silent, but pulled her closer, wrapping his arms tightly around her body and dropping a sweet kiss into her brown hair. Her fingers dug into his waist as they tightened their hold. When she finally spoke, it was to tell him something he always dreaded to hear from her. Her voice was broken and soft, and it cracked in the middle. "It was a raw burger with a soggy bun and pee instead of apple juice." Sure, if someone else heard those words, they would send Piper straight into a mental asylum, but Jason knew exactly what she was talking about. Him and Piper shared a system in order to rate the severity of their nightmares; a bearable one would probably be an okay meal with a missing ketchup sachet, but the worst nightmares possible would often be described as the most revolting, repugnant and repulsive dish imaginable. Jason was sure that if there was pee present instead of apple juice, the dream must have been bad. Really bad. Jason squeezed his eyes shut as she began to shake in his arms. Her warm tears were wet against his chest. "Hey," he said as he grabbed her by the waist, lifting her easily and readjusting her so that her legs were at either side of his waist. Grabbing her face in his hands, he pulled her closer so their foreheads were almost touching. "Hey, look at me." Slowly, she looked up so that her ever changing, watering eyes met his. He instantly spotted the sadness and pain which lingered in them. She reached up to gently cup his face and stroke his cheekbones. Her eyes travelled over his face, as if memorizing his features, a kind of desperation deeply hidden in the action. Her fingers began to trace every part of his face; his eyelids, his jaw, tenderly brushing her thumb over his bottom lip, then leaning forward to softly press her lips to kiss the tiny white scar on his upper lip. Jason remained unmoving, bringing his hands down to her waist, fitting them to her curves, allowing her to repeatedly touch and learn his features, knowing it was helping her in many ways. Gradually, the desperation in her fingers increased, and soon, she was leaning back on his legs, giving her space to trace the white scar against the hard muscles of his stomach. Jason could see the hardness and anguish in her eyes increase, and he sighed quietly as she bought her fingers up to her lips and then pressed them against the raised white mark. "Piper," he whispered. "Stop." She didn't. Her fingers flew over the mark on his abdomen again and again, reliving the terrifying memories it held. It was horrible for the both of them to see the scar. It was undoubtedly the closest Jason had ever been to death, and she had been there to see it. Without even having to ask, he knew what the nightmare revolved around. "Piper, listen to me," he said again, more forcefully this time. Her hand froze, and Jason grasped the chance to pull her towards him again. They were stomach against stomach, chest against chest and forehead against forehead. Reaching down, Jason slowly bought her hands back up and set them on his shoulders. She instantaneously weaved both of them into his hair, setting her upper arms on his shoulders. Their lips brushed against the other. Warm breaths mingling, they moved even closer, trying to minimize gaps and maximise contact. "I don't wanna go back there," she whispered softly and brokenly against his lips. "Ever." "You won't," he murmured back, his lower lip brushing her upper one with every word. His head was tilted up slightly to meet her eyes, since sitting on top of him elevated her form. "We won't. Ever, ever again. I promise." "You can't promise me something like that, sparky," she said softly. "None of us can promise each other that we'll be alive tomorrow." "You're right," he said, his hand finding its way under the hem of the shirt she was wearing and making soothing circles on the skin there. "I can't promise you that we'll be okay tomorrow, or next week, or maybe ten years from now. But I can promise you that we're okay now." She gazed straight into his eyes. One of her hands instinctively moved out of his hair and reached down between them to lightly touch his scar. "See?" he asked quietly. "I'm okay. We're okay." He grasped her wrist and made her press down on the mark harder. "Okay?" Instead of replying, she simply nodded her head, a lone tear streaming down her beautiful face. He wiped it off with his thumb. Suddenly, simultaneously, they both leaned towards each other and their lips crashed in a passionate yet sweet kiss they had mastered by now. "Wanna stay here with me?" he asked she had pulled away. Nodding, she got off of him and settled down next to him, curling in a crescent form against his body and setting her head against his shoulder. Jason lifted up the dreaded electronic device from next to him, set it on his lap and sighed as he looked at the document. "Need some help?" He internally smiled as he heard the teasing, playful tone weaved into her voice again. "Yes, please," he said fervently. "I have no idea what the fuck I'm doing." "Okay, then." She sat up, and pulled the laptop so it was set between them. "Let's rock this motherfucker." And Jason had to admit, completing the damn essay was much more bearable with an overly active, hyper Piper by his side.