like she's going to hurt me. Unless… I said, "I'll-I'll try harder, ma'am. " Thunder shook the building. "We are not fools, Percy Jackson, " Mrs. Dodds said. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain. " I didn't know what she was talking about so I got on my guard up. "Well?" she demanded. "Ma'am, I don't... " "Your time is up, " she hissed. Then it started too happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. My knees started to shake when it hit me what she was. A Fury. Ida's POV I was quietly following Percy and Miss. Dodds in the shadows, ready to jump out and protect him if that monster would try and harm him. You see I know all about the monsters and demi-gods because I'm one too, my mother told me a year before she disappeared and she also told me that Percy was one too. I started to train to defend myself and Percy and after we got attacked by a hellhound I decided it was time I started to train him too. I hid behind a pillar and listened to their conversation, both Percy and I figured out that Miss. Dodds was a monster but what kind? We didn't know. So I was a bit worried for Percy sake, he looked over at me with his eyes and I move my hand to my bracelet. My mother gave me it to me same day she told me the truth and it could turn into a bronze scythe, she told me that it was a gift for my father so I could protect myself and everyone I care about. When Miss. Dodds started to say that Percy had given "them" problem, I started to get suspicions. I kept watching until she started to turn and I froze for a moment. " A Fury. A fricking Fury is here! But the only way it could be here is under order from-" My eyes widened in realization. " Hades…" I got out of the shock and ripped of my bracelet and it turned into a 6 feet long scythe with a 3 foot long bronze blade at the top. I got ready to attack when Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at Percy and I sprang into action, l blocked her talons with the flat side of my blade and pushed her back. "Percy grab the pen!" I shouted and he and quickly snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, when it hit his hand, it turned into a sword-Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds spun toward me with a murderous look in her eyes. I grabbed the scythe in both my hands and prepared to distract her so Percy could attack. She snarled, "Die, honey!" And she flew straight at me. I braced myself and blocked her attack again and Percy got to her side and swung the sword. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she were made of water. Hisss! Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching us. We were alone. There was a ballpoint pen in Percy's hand. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody was there but us. I walked over to Percy who stood frozen and put my hand on his shoulder. "Perce…" he looked up at me and I could see in his eyes that the mist tried to affect him, I snapped my fingers in front of his face and dispelled the affect from him. He then smiled at me. "Thanks sis" he said, I smiled back and we started to walk. "No problem short stuff" I ruffled his hair and he pouted. "I'm not short!" I couldn't resist to chuckle at his expression. We went back outside. It had started to rain. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw Percy, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt. " Percy rolled his eyes, I could tell he remember my lessons about the mist and it's affects so we kept walking, ignoring her angry shouts. We waved at Grover and walked over to Mr. Brunner who was sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if he'd never moved. Thunder boomed overhead. We went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, Mr. Jackson. " He handed Mr. Brunner his pen. And thanking him, acting like the mist was affecting him. Percy jogged back to Grover who looked ready to pass out, but I stayed behind, Mr. Brunner raised his eyebrows and looked at me. "Something you wanted Miss. Smith?" he asked, I smiled innocently and leaned forward so I could whisper in his ear. "I know the truth centaur-" he tensed at the mention of his true nature. "And so does Percy" I continued, I moved back and looked at him with a blank face and I could tell he was shocked. "In other words we need to talk" I said with a serious voice. There we go the first chapter is up I hope you guys liked it so please rate and review:)