get slapped by a bus tomorrow." "It's hit , Seaweed Brain," she mumbled sadly. "Whatever. My point is..." He rubbed his eyes tiredly. "I know that I can't promise you something like that. How can I promise you something I'm not sure of? I can't. That's for the fates to decide. But I can promise you this: I will love you, ok? Maybe I can't promise you that I'll live forever, but I can promise you that I'll love you for as long as I live. If I die tomorrow, I'll love you tonight. If I die in a year, I'll love you for another twelve months. If I die in 10 years, I'll love you for a decade. But I swear on the river Styx, Wise girl, nothing - nothing - is ever gonna change how much I love you." Annabeth stared at him, gaping. Her eyes began to brim with tears. Again. "And I didn't even have to write any of that!" He finished proudly. Annabeth finally managed to crack a small smile. "Percy," she marvelled, "you should be an orator." "Uhhhh... what?" "Never mind." Percy glanced at the book. "I'm gonna kill Piper." "Okay." "Okay?" "Okay." And without warning, Annabeth burst into tears again. "That's- that's their always!" She sobbed hysterically. Percy just wrapped his arms around her again, and slowly pulled her back down onto the pillow. He kissed away each of the salty tears coating her face. Once her sobs had quieted, she burrowed her head in his chest, and Percy settled his chin on her head after dropping a light kiss in her hair. Wedging a leg between both of his, Annabeth finally - finally - drifted back into a deep slumber. The crying must have tired her out. "And that-" Percy said to the empty cabin, "- is why I don't read." -oOo- Sunlight streamed in through the open windows. Annabeth was suffocating. She was enveloped in a cocoon of duvets wrapped so tightly she could hardly breathe. Not to mention she was sweating. Percy , she thought drily. Only he would ever get so overprotective he would try to boil her to protect her from the cold. "Percy," she moaned, still half asleep. "Shut the curtains." When there was no reply, she pulled a hand out of the covers (which proved to be highly difficult and inconvenient) and patted the space next to her. It was empty. A wave of sudden panic rode through her, and dread seized her in its horrifying hold. What if Hera had taken him again? What if he had left in the middle of the night - for some random god damn Percy-like reason - and hadn't ever returned? What if he had been attacked? Injured? What if- A sound interrupted her terrified wondering. The comforting sound of water running from the direction of the toilet. The relief which ran through Annabeth at that moment was so strong she could've cried. But she didn't. She couldn't possibly have any more tears left. Slowly, she untwisted herself from the bundle of quilts strangling her, and stepped out of bed to meet the harsh reality of life. She stretched, and groaned loudly. Then a horrifying sight caught her eye. A puddle of water lay on the floor. And placed haphazardly in the middle - completely drenched - lay The Fault In Our Stars. The book . "Percy!" She screeched so loud she probably blew up the roof. "What?" Percy ran out of the toilet, shirtless, and one button of his jeans still undone. He was armed with a sneaker in his hand. "Where's the spider?!" "What," began Annabeth, pointing at the soaked book in the ground, "is that?" Percy looked at the floor. Then he shrugged and dropped the sneaker. "It's a book." "And why," Annabeth asked through gritted teeth, "did you feel the desperate urge to destroy it?" Percy didn't miss a beat. He just simply stated: "Sorry, but... well, it made you cry, didn't it? I just didn't want you to read it again in case it hurt you like the first time." All of the anger and shock escaped Annabeth in the blink of an eye. Percy had done that for her . To protect her. It was surprising how sometimes even the simplest of gestures could cause Annabeth to feel so touched. To feel so loved. And before she knew it, hot tears threatened to escape from the her eyes. Again. "Oh, shit, I made her cry," Percy cursed quietly, but before he could do anything else, Annabeth leapt at him and smothered his soft, salty lips with her own. -oOo- "ANNABETH!" An ear splitting screech filled the air, coming from the direction of the Aphrodite cabin. "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY BOOK?!" "Thanks so much, man," Jason whispered fervently to Percy. They stood together outside the Aphrodite cabin. "You just saved my life. I don't think I can ever see Piper cry over that again." "Dude, trust me, if there was anything I wanted less in the world, it's to see Annabeth cry over a book. It sucks. Big time." "They don't let you get any sleep either." "Yep." "Well..." began Jason, rubbing his hands together, "I think we both know what's the right thing to do." -oOo- "JASON!" "PERCY!" "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY BOOKSHELF?!" -oOo- Well, that's that! I absolutely loved writing this, mainly because it contained two of my top fandoms: HoO and TFIOS*. I sincerely hope none of you decided to be rebels and decided to read this despite the tfios spoiler warnings. You have my deepest apologies. Seriously, I'm sorry. Btw, I know ruining not just a book, but an entire bookshelf, even if it is only in a fanfic, might be seriously shocking to all of us, and I'm sorry, but u know…. Percy and Jason just don't understand. Please review if u liked it, and DEFINITELY review if you're a fan of tfios too! Cheerio!