Percy was so surprised by this. Annabeth always seemed to enjoy his company, yet she was always so alone. Percy had always thought of her as the girl who pushed everyone else away, but he was now wondering if maybe Annabeth thought everyone else pushed her away. Annabeth was always so isolated- did she think that no one wanted her company? That she didn't deserve that? Percy was so lost in thought, he didn't even realize Luke had gotten to the table and sat down across from Thalia until Annabeth looked up, shooting a longing and hateful gaze at Thals. Percy broke off from his daze then, getting up. He ignored Grover and Jason's surprised yelps as he got his stuff and headed towards Annabeth. Percy plopped down beside her, fixing a stare at her. "What is up with you and Thalia?" He asked, not even caring as she stated at him in surprise by the fact that he had just joined her. Annabeth bit her lip, shrugging. She made her eyes almost emotionless, almost able to cover up any of her internal thoughts and feelings. Almost. Percy slunk his hand up to her chin, staring at her with such raw emotion, he could see her gulp. He didn't care what his other friends were thinking, about what must have been going through their heads as Percy had sat beside Annabeth. Percy bent his head towards her. "Why do you hide yourself away from everyone? Why do you separate yourself from everyone? Wise Girl, I know what it's like to want to be away from everyone else. I've had that raw feeling of having to leave everyone eat me up inside, that sadness and anger boiling up inside me. Yet I've never tried to push them away. Why do you? Don't you know people want to be around you? Don't you know that?" Percy finished his rant boldly, leaning in so his head touched Annabeth's. He forgot that he would have to leave her in the end- have to leave everyone within one year. Percy moved closer, until he could feel Annabeth's breath on his lips. He moved his hand to her cheek, as she stared at him with bold gray eyes, unmoving. Before she closed the gap between them. Annabeth's POV Annabeth hadn't known Percy for very long. But in those moments, he had shared such care, been so honest and understanding. In those few moments, Annabeth had realized she had liked him. But she was used to having unrequited live for someone. And heck, countless girls had liked him. The moment Percy had placed his hand on her cheek, she realized that he had feelings for her too. Annabeth had realized that Percy Jackson, the popular boy who everyone loved, who has went through the pain of his mom dying, who had went through so much more than people knew, Percy Jackson had cared for Annabeth. He hadn't overlooked her. He had seen her for her, and Percy had stuck with her. So Annabeth had let her emotions get the better of her as she leaned into kiss him, closing her eyes. His green eyes fluttered close against her face as their lips moved together. Annabeth forgot the sounds of people nearby eating lunch, talking, screaming. She felt her heart puns as she leaned closer, wanting to melt into this kiss. Annabeth had been kissed before, but never like this. She had never understood that feeling of wanting to just dissolve from pure happiness by a kiss. Until now. Annabeth finally pulled away, breathless. Gasping for hair, and no doubt heavily blushing, Annabeth looked around to see that no one had noticed. No one had seen what Percy and Annabeth had just shared with one another. The world was still spinning, time still went by. It was as if nothing had changed. With one kiss, nothing had changed. Annabeth looked back into Percy's sea green eyes, which were fixated on her in shock. With one kiss, everything had changed. Annabeth swallowed, still staring at Percy. What was he going to do now? Percy stared back with care in his eyes. That is, until he suddenly stood up. "Why did I do that? I shouldn't have done that! What's wrong with me?" He muttered, pressing his hand against his face. Annabeth froze. Percy didn't want to kiss me? She thought to herself, confused. She stood up, turning away and walking off. " Of course he wouldn't want to kiss me. Why would he? I'm just that girl who never needs or deserves attention. There's a reason I don't stand out in a crowd. I don't deserve to..." Annabeth thought to herself as she headed to her next class. She didn't matter, this shouldn't bother her. Percy was just doing the smart thing and realizing that she was a waste of space, that Annabeth shouldn't deserve his affection. Annabeth could learn to accept that. After all, she always did eventually. The end. I'm kidding! I'm kidding! Lol, sorry not sorry. I'm going to split this story into two or three parts... I've been working on it for a while, sorry if it's trash. If you have any suggestions on what you think should happen, I'd love a review! Please let me know what you thought of this chapter, and if you hated it, I would LOVE to know why. I love criticism, as long as its constructive! Review, favorite, follow, whatever! (The more I get, the faster I finish the next chapter XD. Lol, I'm kidding, but it seriously makes my day to know what you guys thought.) Oh and also, what do you think of the title? I was debating between "Wednesdays" and "The Abused and the Forgotten"... Let me know your thoughts since I'm unconfident and self conscious! Anyways, byeeeeeeee for now! If you want to read other stories that are as bad as this one, I have plenty of other PJO ones... (more shameless self promoting...) ~FandomQueen713