instead of capturing me?" I wondered out loud. "Because it was a trap", a voice said and Celestial Bronze nets fell down on us. Order appeared along with Luke, Annabeth, Clarisse, Lucas, Nyasa from the Hephaestus cabin, Malcolm from the Athena cabin, and Chris Rodriguez from the Hermes cabin. Seeing them all together made my blood run cold. "Luke. When Ace reforms, he'll come after you first", Thalia threatened. Order laughed. "I didn't tell you? You don't reform when you die from these weapons. Your soul is destroyed". I grabbed the net and tore at it, trying to escape. "I wouldn't do that", another voice said and a cloud appeared with a video stream of Tommy holding a blue dagger to Percy's throat. "Tommy, you worthless traitor", Lee seethed angrily. No way out. "What do you want from us, Order?", Percy asked. "Simple. I want you all dead", Order said. Tommy pulled the knife back, but it went through Percy without making a mark. Percy shimmered and disappeared and Tommy slumped to the ground, Percy standing above him with a sword. The blade was spotless, but the hilt had a gold stain from ichor. "Now!" Percy yelled. I tore the net off and flashed away, then pulled it over Malcolm and Chris' heads with my power over precious metals. I pulled the net downward, trapping them, and then the Champions sprung into action. Lee sped towards Nyasa, knocking her over, then fired a grappling hook around Order. It strapped around her and he pulled her across the ground and out the door at lightspeed. He came back into the room and tossed Order into the floor, leaving the Bronze grappling hook around her, keeping her from teleporting away. Thalia picked up a blue dagger and stabbed at Order, but Luke knocked her away before it hit. She drew another dagger, holding one in hammer grip and the other in ice pick. Luke swung his sword, but she deflected it and stepped behind him. Luke backflipped with his sword, slashing at Thalia, but she sidestepped and slashed his side open with her silver and gold dagger. Something moved toward me from the side and I barely blocked a swing from Lucas' sword. I fought him off, pushing hi, against the wall. Something hit me in the back and suddenly a blue tip was protruding from the right side of my chest. I felt dangerous magic moving through my body from the point of impact. Lucas swung his sword downward and I heard Thalia scream, "NO!" and suddenly Lucas' sword was made of foam. It hit my head and bounced off. The sword tip flew out of my chest and I turned around to see Luke about to stab at me again. Suddenly Luke crumpled to the ground, a blue hilt sticking out of the back of his head. Thalia was standing several feet behind him. I slashed my sword at Lucas, cutting his chest open. Lee, Medea, Thalia, and I regrouped at the wall we had entered through. "That's all of them", I said, coughing ichor. "Hades, Nico, you got stabbed again. Let's get back to base and find Apollo", Thalia said. We flashed into the castle. Percy was downstairs, talking to Chaos. "Good, you're back", Chaos said. "I trust there were no casualties in the battle?" "Luke was killed with a rune dagger, and Lucas was hurt badly with Stygian Iron. I think I know why Ace left this dagger, too", Thalia reported. "He left me his shape changing ability". Chaos nodded his head. "I expected as much, he was very fond of you. I'm sorry for your loss", Chaos said. Apollo appeared. "I heard someone needed help?" Nico tried to step toward him but passed out. Apollo frowned. "That's not good. Multiple stab wounds and it looks like a curse". Apollo flashed him out. "Do you know anything about these daggers?" Thalia asked, handing him the blue dagger she used to kill Luke. Chaos looked at it closely. "This is a cursed blade. It does much more damage to an immortal than usual, but there's nothing special about it", Chaos said. "So, Ace is just reforming. Order lied, then", Thalia said. Chaos looked uncomfortable. I pushed the thought out of my mind and wondered briefly when Ace would reform. December 31st Minutes before Midnight Mount Olympus Percy POV Thalia laid Ace's automaton down, pulling it into pieces. She took the head and gave it to Beckendorf, then lit a fuse next to the rest of the body. At exactly midnight, it fired into the air, shattering the automaton into microscopic pieces, creating a firework covering the entire city of New York, and spreading the pieces everywhere. Beckendorf melted the head down and shaped it into a dagger, the two jeweled eyes becoming the hilt, and combining it into blue rune metal. The result was an amazing dagger, beautifully carved and jeweled. Beckendorf cooled it and Thalia sheathed it. 'Ace, if you can hear me, I want you to know we are on our way, and we will avenge you', I sent out mentally. Epilogue Unknown Location Unknown Date Unknown Time Ace POV I can't describe what was happening to me. Everything was black, or white, or red, I couldn't tell. There was another entity similar to me in this place when I got here, and I felt another enter soon after, or maybe a long time later, time was fluid here. I had no idea who was with me, or where I was, just that I was there, and I was me. I couldn't move, or see, or feel, I just existed. Suddenly I felt movement. There was something pulling me away, and gradually I could feel myself becoming alive again. "Welcome back to the world, half-blood", a sinister voice told me. And everything became clear. A/N: Here we go! A new story, shorter chapters so I can update faster, and lots more sadness and death. Yay! R&R, all!