and nails along the sensitive patch of skin just above the waistband of his ripped jeans. "Never thought you'd be the one to say that, Perseus ," she purred into his ear, knowing exactly what to say to turn him on to the max. Annabeth wasn't much of a seduce, but when she was this desperate, she could definitely pull out all the shots. Her fingers worked to unbutton his jeans at a leisurely pace, taking her own sweet time. And then the tips of her index and middle finger disappeared into the waistband of both his jeans and his boxers, gently feeling the skin there. Percy groaned, his head lolling to the side, providing Annabeth full access to the soft skin along the side of his neck. Instantaneously, she flattened her tongue against his collarbone and slid it at a lazy, languid pace up to his ear, tenderly nibbling on his earlobe then nipping at the skin (just because she could and knew it would drive him absolutely insane ). Fingers probing deeper into his boxers, Annabeth cherished the grunts and groans he was releasing. The first tentative touch of her finger against him made him gasp out loud. He wasn't usually this sensitive, but doing something so… dirty in secluded classroom where anyone could walk in on them at any moment was heightening the feelings and emotions. It was a definite risk for Annabeth. If anyone discovered them in such a compromising position, it would immediately ruin her good school girl reputation, making it crash and burn on the ground. It was a cunning yet simple plan. But she knew Percy, being the stupid, clueless idiot that he is, hadn't caught on yet, as he was making absolutely no move to stop her actions. Soon, she had her hand completely wrapped around him, slowly running her palm up and down his length. Her other hand was set on his hip under his shirt; her lips still moving against his neck, working to undo him inch by inch. "Fuck, Annabeth," he moaned as she increased her pace, pumping him quicker. Then the alarm on his phone began blaring out, instantly warning them that it was time for Paul to leave the staff room, and Percy immediately tensed up. "Shit, Annabeth, stop." "Not until you say you'll come with me to the party," she hissed into his ear. She could almost feel Percy's eyes widening as it dawned upon him. "You- you little-" "I know," she whispered, and began to move faster, lightly brushing her fingernails along him then grabbing him again and squeezing and feeling- "Annabeth, Paul's go- gonna be here any second, dammit, stop," he managed through his moans. Annabeth was aware that he was too far gone to be able to force her to stop, so he was completely in her hands now. She knew, after months, that he was close. She could tell by the hitch in his breath, by the tensing of his muscles, by his sounds of pleasure increasing in volume. She picked it up a notch. "Exactly. You don't want to let your stepfather see you like this, do you, Perseus?" she asked quietly, her lips brushing against his pulse point as she spoke. It was almost enough to drive him over the edge, but not quite. Footsteps began sounding down the corridor. "Shit," Percy cursed. "Annabeth." "Say you'll come to the party." "Annabeth." " Say it ," she commanded forcefully, her hand still moving against him. "Or I swear to God I won't stop. It'll bad for me, but it's gonna be even worse for you." "Godammit!" "Perseus," she whispered. The footsteps were definitely getting closer. Almost to the door. The doorknob began turning, creaking slightly in the process. "Alright, alright!" Percy said desperately. "I'll go." Annabeth restrained her smirk of victory, and she pulled her hand out of his jeans and hurriedly buttoned it just as Paul stepped into the room. She spun around. "Hey, Mr Blofis!" she said cheerfully. "Morning, Annabeth," he replied sleepily, yawning. That was all it took for Percy to grab his backpack, hold it in front of his crotch and rush past Paul and out of the room, sending Annabeth a death glare as he left. "Where'd he go?" Paul asked in surprise as he looked at Percy sprinting down the almost empty hallway. "Ah, probably the bathroom," Annabeth said offhandedly. And she didn't doubt it. Nor did she doubt what he was doing in there. "Oh, by the way, Mr Blofis," she said as Paul set a stack of papers on the desk. "Percy's accompanying me to a family dinner party tonight, so he won't be home." "Wow," Paul said as he glanced up, looking surprised. "Must have been hard to talk him into that one." "No, actually," Annabeth said as she dragged her chair back to her desk and sat down, pulling her notebooks out of her bag, even though the bell was still a couple of minutes away. She smiled up at Mr Blofis, all innocent and angelic. "It wasn't that hard at all." -oOo- #sorrynotsorry Please spend 10 seconds of your life to drop a quick review. You have no idea how motivational they are. :) I promise, the next chapter of my multichap Percabeth story will be up soon! I'm nowhere near giving up yet. Btw, I might be considering making this fic a whole series of AU one-shots of Percabeth and Jasper and maybe some other HoO ships where at least one of them is punk or something (as u can probably tell, I haven't exactly thought this through yet). Like, maybe in the next chapter it could be Punk Annabeth and sweater Percy or something, or maybe Jasper. Tell me what you guys want. So, if by some miracle you enjoyed this, don't forget to follow or put this story in alerts or subscriptions. Sorry for any mistakes or typos or anything. Love you guys, thanks for reading! Review!