album and there would be a few pictures of him in it. Then they (Sally's grandchildren or great-children) would ask who that was and she would have to reply, 'I don't know.' "-Perséfs Tzákson, O gios tou Poseidóna!" Percy looked up to notice that Hestia had already finished the ritual and he was glowing a dark golden. But before Percy could observe the effects Aphrodite had pushed Hestia out the way and kissed Percy on the lips. Percy glowed a bright pink and he looked terrified at Aphrodite. "W-Why?" "Cause you're hot and every god/goddess blesses someone differently than the other." With that the love goddess ran -skipped- off to her throne. Artemis stood up, "While I can't bless due to your gender, I can give a warning. Zeus and Ares will wake in a few minutes so you need to get out of here. I can't promise to not hunt you down-" Percy winced- "But I can give a hint, a sliver light will shine on your arm when we are nearby." Percy smiled and bowed before running out the doors. A few minutes after Percy had left, Zeus and Ares had woken. Poseidon, Hades, and Aphrodite quickly flashed out the area. The water bounds vanished with them. Zeus got up, weakly and growled "ARTEMIS, GET YOUR HUNTERS!" Hera helped him raise to his feet, he was really regretting choosing monster, because now that brat would come back to life again and again! "Perseus Jackson will die, by my hand or another!" Percy ran and sat in the dark alley as he smelt a demigod coming his way. He didn't want to attack anyone but the scent was so enchanting. It smelled like hot metal mixed with iron. He now knew why monsters chased after demigods. While the scent would normally be sickly to him, it smelled delicious yet arousing to him now. Percy glanced to where the scent was coming from and saw a small boy out the corner of his eye. The small boy had dark eyes and curly blonde hair. He wasn't ugly or attractive just plain. He had the face of someone you would forget in a second. He looked around twelve or eleven years old, the same age I was when- he shook his head to clear his thoughts. The boy was dressed in raggedy old clothes and had dark bruises covering his face. His long hair covered a part of it but it was still a visible bruise. The boy sat down next to the son of Poseidon and Percy had to hold his breath to stop from pouncing the boy. "Hey, i'm Calvin will you do me a favor?" Percy raised an eyebrow while he ran his eyes across Calvin's form. While he was surprised the boy had the guts to ask a random stranger, he couldn't help the feeling of arousal he felt I wonder how it'll feel to rip that small body apart. "It depends on the favor." Calvin smiled and laid his head across the son of Poseidon's lap ignoring the way Percy flinched at the contact. This boy needed to move now, or Percy wouldn't be able to control himself. "Kill me." Percy was silent until he heard his gut answer It's not murder if the person tells you to. It's just assisted suicide. Listening to to his gut was getting harder but the boy looked so tasty, just laying on his lap. Calvin was calm and looking at Percy with hope in his eyes. Hope that Percy would send him to Hades. "Why?" He had to know, what had happened in his life that would make this boy want to offer himself to a monster? There were easier ways to kill yourself, why did Calvin have to choose one of the most painful methods? "Mommy said she'll sell me to the highest bidder and I prayed to daddy, but he doesn't care." Calvin pushed his hair back to show the large bruise that covered the entire half of his face. "Mommy gave that to me when I kicked one of the guys in the balls.I ran away three months ago. I can't take it anymore, please kill me." Percy looked around and when he saw no one that would be a witness, he leaned down slowly. "You sure about this" Percy didn't want him to change his mind last minute, Calvin nodded and closed his eyes. To be honest, Percy had no idea what had happened. One second, he was placing his teeth on the small boy's neck, the next he was chewing a huge hunk of meat in his mouth. Blood was everywhere and Calvin's eyes were losing it's light. "Calvin, how did you know I was a monster?" The boy lifted his mouth slightly "I-I have ne-never me-met a mortal ...with t-those ey-es." And before Percy could ask what he meant, Calvin's head rolled back. Percy stared at the dead body in his heads and was surprised when he felt no guilt. The Joker said it best- We stopped checking for monsters under our bed when we realized they were inside us. The Moirai watched from above in a tree. Clotho slowly pulling out the dark brown thread and handed it to Atropos, who cut it with her scissors. Lachesis grabbed a sea-green thread out of air and twisted it. The line that was previously about nine inches long was twisted with a black thread. The two threads twisted with each other until it became a round circle. "Their fate is entwined with each other." Lachesis spoke wearily, "Every being needs a name, even monsters." Atropos said in the same tone as her sister. Clotho looked at the bracelet Lachesis had in hand and spoke, "Thanaro, the perfect combination." Author's note- Thana-ro: ( Feminine version of death mixed with the ending of (νερό) nero which means water in greek) Perséfs Tzákson, O gios tou Poseidóna ( Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon -according to Google Translation.