of notice in me, Seaweed Brain," I began cautiously and smirked. He blushed a deep red. "Well, yeah..." he cleared his throat, and I quickly picked up that it was a habit of his when he was nervous or apprehensive. Hurriedly continuing before my courage dissolved, I asked, "and why might that be?" I hadn't realised it, but our faces were moving closer with each syllable. I could see his eyes flickering towards my lips. "Well, wise girl... maybe it's because..." He looked as if he didn't know how to continue, so in a burst of boldness, I leant forward and closed the gap between us, locking my lips against his. They were soft. And warm. With my heart fluttering in my chest, I felt a surge of warmth overcome me, and when I finally had to pull away from lack of breath, my lips were tingling. I could still taste him on my tongue. There was a moment when I stared directly into his mesmerising green eyes, and I caught on to the tiny ring of hazel surrounding each pupil, and the hint if blue in the corner of the left iris. He stared back at me with a look of awe. Our lips were still close together and our heavy breaths mingled. And then both of our mouths simultaneously broke into smiles, and he chuckled. "The truly weird thing is that I don't even know your name," he whispered against my lips. "Annabeth. Annabeth Chase." "Annabeth," he repeated it, savouring the word as it rolled of his tongue. It sounded beautiful from him. "Well, I believe I deserve to know the name of the gorgeous owner of the lips I just kissed." He blushed, and said, "I'm-" "JACKSON!" The roar came from inside the restaurant, and the man immediately jumped up. "Oh, shit- Annabeth, I-" "It's okay, go. I should be getting back in too, we've been out here for about half an hour already." He shot me a grateful smile ( oh my god ), hurriedly pulled the door open and rushed inside. I followed at a more leisurely pace and began towards my table, my mind reeling. Oh my god, I just kissed him. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my-" My internal freaking out was interrupted by Calypso's scream, "And the soulless returns!" Rolling my eyes, I slipped back into my seat. "Oh my god, Annabeth, where were you? We were gonna call you," Piper said, then ran a hand over her face and cracked a small smile. "We half thought that you were so angry that you decided to go off and kill yourself or something." There was a short silence. Then Reyna spoke. "Well, that's fucked up." "Oops," Piper said quietly, sounding horrified. "Annabeth, I'm so sorry, I wasn't thinking-" "It's okay, Pipes," I said, even though it wasn't. They all knew how sensitive I was when it came to the topic of depression or suicide. Those two words had had a big impact on my life in more ways than one. But I didn't want anything, especially everyone's guilty expressions, to ruin my good mood today. "Doesn't matter. Forget it." Piper still looked regretful and doubtful, but her expression immediately brightened up when she saw our food heading towards our table. The wonders of food. Bad decision, but I decided to look up again, and was met by the green eyes. He shot me a playful smirk, but by now I had trained my hormones to not go insane. So I simple smiled back. He set the food down on the table and began to stroll away, hands in his pockets and whistling innocently. My eyes narrowed. The others immediately began to dig into their food in a not so civilised manner. I looked down at the plate it front of me, and my eyes caught on the corner of the napkin next to my food. It said, in tiny black wonky handwriting: Percy And below it, there was a ten digit number . His number. He gave me his number. I'm counting on you, wise girl. ;) My insides immediately erupted into joyful flames, and I stuffed the napkin into my purse before the others could see it. However, judging by the way they were attacking the food in front of them, it didn't seem like there was much danger of that occurring. My eyes lifted to gaze at the spot Percy had been walking towards. He was leaning against the bar counter with his hands stuffed in his pockets, talking to a blonde man. When he felt my gaze on him, he shot me a sidelong glance. Then another man came up from behind him and tapped his shoulder, forcing him to turn. But I could see his cheekbones were lifted up in a smile. I smiled too. Completely love struck. Immediately I knew what my order would be the next time I turned up in this place: fried chicken, with a cute waiter on the side , please. -oOo- If you've gotten all the way down here, you have earned my respect. Congratulations. Or maybe you just skipped to all the way to down here. :/ I wouldn't blame you if you did. I'm not all that happy with this fanfic either. Ik Annabeth was kinda OOC, but this is an AU fanfiction after all, so… yeah. This was supposed to be 1000 word drabble type thing and now look at this. -_- I have no idea where the part about and Annabeth and the suicide came from so I just hope it kinda boosted your curiosity. Idk if this is going anywhere, so eh. It all really depends on the amount of reviews and favourites and follows I get, and how much u guys like it. But I have a feeling this could be going somewhere. ;) REVIEW if you liked it, and then I'll decide whether this is worth continuing.