to sit up and immediately regretted it. "Calm down, Percy", said Hermes. "We'll be back at camp in an hour. Just rest until then" "What happened?" I asked. "You were stabbed by a spear from a Cyclops. Then, you managed to jump in the ocean, which healed you a little. After that, Hermes got here with his boat", Frank explained. "Annabeth, are you alright?" I asked. "I'm fine", she said. I drank some nectar and went back to sleep. Thalia POV After the gods appeared, it took a while to get everything sorted out. After Hermes finished up some things, he left to pick up the Seven from the island. Then, Artemis had convinced Eve to join the hunters. After all of that, Calypso and Leo show up at the beach, and Calypso's unconscious. So I'm thinking, Leo kidnapped a Titan!. Apparently, he made my dad, Zeus, let him go. So she's staying at the Big House. It's been a crazy week. Suddenly I saw a boat sailing in. Everyone ran to the shore waiting for them. As soon as the boat hit the shore, campers began jumping onto the boat and running inside. Just then, there was a huge flash of light and the boat disappeared, leaving several campers floating in the water. Percy POV When all the campers mobbed the boat, there was a huge flash and it appeared in the throne room of Mount Olympus, on the 600th floor of the Empire State Building. I looked around and saw that Thalia, Reyna, Nico, Grover, Leo, and Tyson were also here. The boat disappeared and we realized the gods were also here. "Let the Olympian awards ceremony begin!" Zeus boomed. Lightning flashed. Zeus is a drama queen. "To begin, all of you will be given partial immortality" Zeus snapped his fingers and we all turned gold for a moment. Then, it faded, and we all looked the same. "Perseus Jackson! Thalia and Jason Grace! Nico di Angelo! All of you, come forward!" Zeus called. We stepped forward. "Is there anyone who would say these heroes do not deserve this?" The other Olympians shook their heads. "You four shall be made the Champions Of The gods. You will have the combined power of all of the gods, major and minor, along with the gifts you have now" Suddenly the room completely filled. All the minor gods entered the room, and every single one held up their hands. Huge orbs of color appeared. They all blasted into the center of the room, creating one glowing, massive, ball of energy. "Before you accept this gift, I must warn you. The initial process will be very painful, and you must go on another quest for your power to be activated. On this quest, none of your demigod powers will work, only your natural abilities", Zeus warned. Jason spoke up suddenly. "I am sorry, but I must decline this gift. I am done with quests, and battling", he said. "Well, we have to give you something! What do you want?" Zeus asked. "I want everyone at Camp to have partial immortality while they stay there. I want homes and schools built at Camp Half-Blood. At Camp Jupiter, demigods grow up, get married, go to college, live a normal life. I want this to be possible here", Jason said. Zeus clapped his hands together. The room shook. "The borders around Camp have been greatly expanded. Supplies have been emptied at the beach for homes and schools. As for everyone but the Champions, get back there and start building. Champions, here is your quest" Everyone but us three flashed out. "I want all of you to steal every apple from Ladon's tree. Bring those to us, and then take out every patch of monsters in America. Gaea told her army that should she fall, they should attack the mortal world, starting with New York. Now, begin. You may take supplies, and choose one more camper to join your quest, who can use all their demigod abilities. They will also become a Champion. You must leave by October. Today is September 13th" As I was walking out, my father pulled me aside. "Two new campers will be coming to the camp before you leave. Choose who you take wisely, because both of their abilities are more than meets the eye", Poseidon said. "Okay", I said. "We'll choose carefully". "Also, I have news. Your sister is at camp, and one of the new campers will be your brother" 3rd Person POV The Dodge Viper sped along a small country road. The driver, no longer wearing a police uniform, could see strawberry fields in the distance. Suddenly a huge Hyporborean giant ran in front of the car. It hit his legs and he flew into the air, landing on top of the car. He grabbed the roof and held on tight. Then, a Cyclops charged the car and leapt onto the roof. He smashed the sunroof in and reached his hand down. The driver swerved and slipped, trying to lose them. Then, a large tree with a dragon next to it appeared next to the road. The driver turned sharp, trying to make it in, but the tires lost their grip and he sailed off the hill with the dragon. Both monsters were slammed off of the car, taking most of the roof with them. The car flipped, and slammed into the ground at the bottom of the hill. The driver dove out of the car just as it exploded, sending him flying across the grass, finally stopping when he hit the porch of a large building. He stood up, dusted himself off, and walked over to the crowd of people forming. "James Moore, Son of Poseidon, at your service", he said, his sword morphing into a backpack. "Where's the centaur? I need to talk to him" A/N: So what did you think? Too long? Too short? Too cliffy? Review people! Tell me what you want to see!