at the page, impassive and motionless. "Piper, if you don't like it-" She leant forwards and kissed him passionately, smiling into his mouth. He kissed her just as roughly and hungrily, his hand creeping up to curve around her neck and pull her closer, holding her in place. Hands creeping up under the hem of his shirt, her fingertips skimmed the strip of skin right above his waistband, and he moaned into her mouth. But that was about as far as they could go on a roof. It turned out into a pretty heavy make out session, anyway, with Jason ending up on his back again with Piper settled on top of him. "I love it," she whispered against his lips. "Thank you." Her voice broke with emotion. "Hey, guys?" The narrow space between the buildings caused Leo's voice to echo up all the way from the ground. "Jason? Piper?" "We're up here, repair boy!" Piper called back. "Quit making out and come on down! Everyone's waiting!" Piper sighed, and smiled ruefully at Jason. "The cabin, tonight," he promised quietly, making her laugh. Standing up, he looped an arm under her knees and one around her neck, scooping her up. Piper leant her head against his shoulder, absorbing the warm heat radiating through the fabric from his skin, and squeezed her eyes shut. Jason leapt up on the edge of the roof, and jumped off. Piper felt her stomach drop for a moment as Jason tightened his arms around her, but then the wind slowed and stopped completely, indicating Jason had set his feet on the ground. She opened her eyes as Jason pressed his lips to her forehead and gently set her on the ground. Leo stood in front of the, tapping his foot. "Gods, I feel like such a third wheel here." However, he grinned to show he was just joking. But Piper still pulled him into a hug and sweetly kissed his cheek. "Well, you're mood has improved a lot since this afternoon." He looked past her to stare at Jason. "I don't know how you live with her, bro." Jason grinned. "Trust me, I don't either." "Hey!" They both chuckled, and each looped an arm around one of Piper's shoulder, who was now slightly shorter than both of them. "So I'm guessing you showed her the album?" Leo asked as they stepped inside the brightly lit hall. "He sure did," Piper replied. "It was awesome." "Hey, there she is!" Hazel's voice called out. "The Birthday Girl!" "How was your little trip to the roof?" "Pretty romantic, huh?" "Naughty, naughty, Piper!" Piper hurriedly scanned the room for something to throw at Rachel, who was laughing her head off with Calypso. "Shut up, that's my brother you're talking about!" Thalia flicked Rachel on the head with her index finger as she walked over. "Exceedingly disturbing, guys. I've known this dude since the day he was born." Next to Piper, Jason laughed. "You're just in time, Pipes," Thalia said, ignoring Jason, and leading Piper to the centre of the room where a tiny table was set up. On it was a beautifully decorated cake, with black and white roses lining the corners, and in the middle it said: Happy Birthday, Beauty Queen. "Just to let you know, Leo was in charge of ordering it," Annabeth whispered into her ear. "Yep, I can tell." Everyone gathered around as Piper stood in front of the cake, with Jason next to her, gripping her hand. And they all opened their mouths to scream in unison. " Are you one?! Are you two!?" "Are you guys seriously gonna count all the way to 17?!" Piper shouted, laughing. "Make a wish, Piper," Jason whispered into her ear as the shouting around her rose in volume. She took a moment to consider. She thought back to her friends. To Annabeth, Reyna, Calypso, Hazel, Percy. She thought back to her family. Her siblings, her dad. She thought back to everyone she loved, and everyone who loved her. To Leo. To Jason. She knew what she wanted. And blew out the candles, knowing she'd made the right wish. Then she felt her face being pushed into the cake. Yep, definitely made the right wish. - oOo- REVIEW. FOR ME. I think that was by far the longest fanfic I have ever written. A special treat. But that was a lot of fun! I especially loved the ending. I absolutely adore the friendship between Piper and Leo, and I've been meaning to make that a big part of one of my Fanfics for a long time, and I finally got the chance today. I hope you guys enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! And I also seriously hope there was enough Jasper in it for you! Some people actually think Piper charmspoke Jason into a relationship. Horrifying, right? So I was just trying to clear that up a bit. Uncle Rick never actually mentions Piper's Birthday, so I had to do a bit of research about star signs to see which one matched her personality most. In the end, I decided on Libra. Kind, compassionate and caring. Two of my best and closest friends are actually Libras, and they are both two of the best people I know. This fanfic is to thank one of them, who has been continuously supporting me throughout my journey on so far, even though she doesn't know it. She thinks she's been criticizing some random author who I recommended to her, but I've actually been using her criticism to improve. :D I just wanna thank my friends for making this a wonderful day for me, and for always being here for me when I need them. I love you guys. Oh, btw, which The Mortal Instruments Fan here noticed the quote I used? All credit goes to Cassandra Clare for that of course, but that is one of my most favourite quotes in the entire series. PLEASE REVIEW.