was lying on the mound of treasure, eyes almost sleepy as they gazed over at Nico. With a grunt, the dragon shifted on its nest and readjusted itself, crossing its forelegs and turning its head slightly to get a better look at the human before it, the hunting hound at the man's heels whimpering softly, tail between her legs. White feathers, Nico thought subconsciously. Feathers. It's stronger than a regular scaled-fire-breather, at the very least. And older than most, by its size. The dragon and the man looked each other over for a moment more before the dragon parted its jaws to speak in a deep, rumbling voice that made the floor of coins shudder. " You have found my home, " it said, not sounding very surprised. Nico swallowed, trying to keep his sword raised. The beast cocked its head. "Are you here to slay me?" it drawled. " Or perhaps to threaten me into offering you some of my treasure? If that, be my guest and take a handful. I have too much for my liking, anyway. " Nico's eyebrows furrowed. "D-Dragon treasure is bad l-luck," he stammered, trembling unwillingly. " Not when given willingly ," the dragon responded, sounding disappointed. "I take it, then, you're here to try and slay me." Nico gritted his teeth and forced himself to calm down; turning to the same mindset he had for every other slaying. It's just an animal, he thought, and you're the hunter who needs its meat and hide for food and warmth. End its life, and strike. Kill it quick and without pain. But he found himself unable to move in the piercing blue-eyed gaze of the dragon. "Will you not answer?" it murmured softly, voice like a brush of fresh air in the musky smell of caves around them. Nico shuddered. The beast lifted its head, and stretched its neck so it was closer to him. " At the very least ," it said, just as softly. " Tell me your name ." The human blinked. "Wh-Why should I tell you that?" " Because the victim has a right to know the name of his killer ." The dragon's gaze was so, so soft, as if Nico were its baby and not its hunter. Nico found himself involuntarily melting under that gaze. "N-Nico. Nico di Angelo," he mumbled, lowering his sword. Vaguely, he heard the clatter of that sword falling to the ground a moment later, but he was captured in the dragon's gaze. " Nico the angel, " the dragon tasted the name carefully, as though it were a sacred thing. "So sad, isn't it, that you were here to kill me, little angel?" If Nico hadn't been hypnotized, he would have bristled and sputtered at the monstrosity for daring to even mention what his name meant and then making a damn pet name out of it. It was embarrassing enough to his fellow knights, but a dragon —a beautiful, powerful, golden dragon who watched on him with such a gentle gaze? It was downright humiliating . But Nico couldn't care any less, because the beast was shrinking, morphing into a human like the black-haired man was. And bloody hell was he gorgeous . Sun-kissed skin, bright blue eyes and golden hair greeted Nico, on a face that would have borne the name angel far better than he did. It was, indeed, a man's body the dragon took up based on the shirtless well-toned chest that he got to see, so Nico could assume he had always been male, and the sight also held his gaze, though the surrealism was fading ever-so-slightly. Nico narrowed his eyes at the beast when he realized that the blond was nearing him with bare feet sliding almost silently on the sea of treasure, and he tried not to stare too openly at the way the red-brown fabric of his trousers held his legs appealingly. He made up for the blush blossoming in his cheeks in his glare. The dragon-turned-human looked down at Nico's fallen blade with hints of amusement in his blue eyes. "You dropped your sword," he said matter-of-factly. Nico resisted the urge to roll his eyes, but the corner of his mouth quirked upwards without his consent. The blond smiled in return, eyes sparkling. "Does this mean you're rethinking killing me?" he wondered, voice hopeful. "More like I'll drink in your presence before I can think any further to pick it up," Nico replied, finding it a lot easier to talk while the being looked like that . Gods, there had to be something wrong in the air if he would say something like that out loud ! The blond's smile widened. "Then how about you come closer, so you're not near it if you retaliate?" Nico didn't budge. "What's your name?" The dragon huffed in amusement. "Gwillym." "Quite the mouthful," Nico murmured back, his consciousness seemingly lost in those eyes. "Can I call you Will?" Gwillym nodded his head acceptingly, eyes glittering. "Of course, angel." Nico melted a bit inside. Somewhere in his conscience, the black-haired male knew that that wasn't how he normally would have responded. He knew that he was supposed to be mad at Will for something and strike at him with his sword—to lob it off and shove it at that toothless creep Octavian as his prize. But the rest of his mind threw that lingering thought far far away from the present. After all, why would he want to cut off the head of such a beautiful, kind-hearted man? With a smile that threw away the rest of Nico's worries, Will held out a hand for Nico, inviting him with his eyes. The black-haired man took it without a moment's hesitation, and allowed himself to be dragged deeper into the sea of treasure that brought about a dreamlike glow to the immortal's body. It was as though Gwillym— Will , Nico corrected himself subconsciously—was his own light source. His own sun.