claustrophobic. He debated bolting now, but he couldn't resist the sight of the warm steam rising from the stove. He reluctantly shook the girl's hand. "Nico doesn't like to talk much," David told her. "Except when he's got his sword pointed at you." Cassie nodded as if she understood. "Why don't I call everyone, then? I'm sure they'll all want to meet Nico." Cassie cupped her hands around her mouth. "Meeting! We have a guest! Get your butts down here!" There was a series of grumbles in response. Cassie turned towards Nico again. "Come on into the dining room, Nico. Everyone's nice, I promise. Well, they're all nice at heart at least." Nico followed Cassie and David into the next room. It looked like it was once a private dining room. The chandelier was lit up, and a large wooden table sat in the middle, with a mismatch of chairs surrounding it. At one end sat another girl who was playing cards with the blonde boy next to her. A red headed girl, who had just entered from one of the doorways, took a seat at the table. A tall blonde followed her, drop dead gorgeous except for a giant baby bump. "Did you buy me clothes, David?" the blond asked as she sat. "I swear nothing fits anymore." David shook his head as he sat at the head of the table. Nico took the empty seat next to David, and Cassie pulled up a chair in between Nico and the red head. "I was too busy saving Nico over here." The blond groaned. "Thanks a lot, squirt. Did you at least buy food?" "I'll go tomorrow," David told her. "I'll take that as a no," the blonde huffed. "Everyone," spoke up Cassie, "this is Nico. David found him wandering around by himself. He's going to stay here for the night. Let's all go around and introduce ourselves, hmm?" "Introduce ourselves?" questioned the blonde. "Should we tell him all our problems to him, then? Like some twisted support group?" "Say whatever you want, Libby," Cassie said patiently. "Nico, my name is Cassie. I would tell you my age and godly parent, but honestly I don't know. I woke by a statue of the prophet Cassandra about a year ago, with no memory of anything; I took my name from the statue, because I really don't even know that. I was by myself and confused as heck when a monster attacked me, and David saved me. He assumed I was a demigod since a monster attacked me, and, you know, I could actually see the monster. He offered to point me towards one of the camps, but I didn't know anything about them or demigods or myself, so I stuck with David. I like to say I'm 16, because I am probably somewhere around there." She turned to Nico, "You want to introduce yourself?" Nico shook his head, and David spoke up. "My name is David Lauden, my mother is Nemesis and I am 17 years old." He stopped then, indicating he wasn't going to say any more. The blonde spoke up next. "My name is Libby and I'm an alcoholic." "Libby." David groaned. "Kidding, squirt, feel like I'm at an AA meeting here. Lets all be kind and share, shall we? Welcome to the outcast demigod support group," Libby said sarcastically. "Libby," David sighed again. "Fine, fine. My name is Libby, I am 17 years old, and I am a child of Aphrodite. I am not currently at camp because some little demon decided he was going to use my stomach as a breeding ground. So I hightailed it out of there before anyone could find out. And me and lil monster over here holed up with these freaks." "Now, Libby, " said Cassie, "don't you talk that way about Cassie Jr." "No, it's a boy," spoke up the redhead. "Shut up!" Libby yelled at them. "I don't care what gender it is, and Cassie, you can name it whatever you want when it finally pops out because it is all yours and I want nothing to do with it." Cassie turned to Nico, "Don't mind Libby; she's just moody." Libby stuck her tongue out at Cassie. Nico was beginning to realize what David said had been true; none of these people could hurt him if they wanted to. However, he was beginning to think a lot of them would try. He was already feeling uncomfortable, like he didn't belong here and he needed to leave. But he forced himself to sit and listen to the other teens. "Hi Nico, my name is Patrick, son of Vulcan," the boy with the short blonde hair next to Libby spoke up. "I am 15 years old and I left Camp Jupiter because I can't kill things, and that's not really cool at a bloodthirsty Roman legion." "Patrick's our pacifist little freak. 'Oh, I know it's about to bite your head off, but can't you see how sweet and innocent it is?'" Libby mocked. Patrick ignored her, and the dirty blond girl at the end of the table spoke up. "My name is Bea and I am a daughter of Apollo. Oh, and I am 16 years old." She, like David, stopped there, and the red head took that as her cue to speak. "Hello Nico, I'm Fallon, daughter of Mars. I am 15 years old and I left Camp Jupiter because I am a failure. By now they probably think I am dead." "Great!" Cassie said. "So Nico, this is everybody. Everybody, Nico. I'm going to go finish cooking. Bea, would you mind bandaging Nico's arm?" The girl nodded. "Good. Nico, you can follow Bea." She turned to David. "Anything else, great leader?" Libby cut in. "I'll help with food, Cassie, you can't cook for shit." David nodded. "Sounds good. Call if you need anything, Bea." "Will do, captain," Bea responded. Libby spoke up, sarcastic once again. "Outcast demigod support group adjourned."