wanted to be outside, away from the crowds and curious looks. I didn't want to be trapped at a table by myself, dreading that someone would come up and talk. No one would do it to be friendly, I was fairly certain. By now, that girl and her friend had probably spread certain. The story of our first meeting through the whole school, maybe embellishing a few things, like how I called her awful names but somehow come on to her at the same time. Regardless, I didn't want to deal with angry boyfriends and indignant questions. I want to be left alone. I turned a corner into another hall, intent on finding an isolated part of the school, and stumbled across the very thing I was trying to avoid. A boy stood with his back to the lockers, thin shoulders hunched, hunched his expression sullen and trapped. Standing in front of him were two larger boys, broad-shouldered and thick necked, leering down at the kid they had pinned against the wall. For a second he looked at me, quietly pleading. I swore. Quietly using a word mom would tear my head off for, these two idiots had no idea what about to happen. Why? Why couldn't I leave it alone? "Don't lie to me, freak," one of the jocks was saying, shoving the boy shoulder back into the lockers. He had short ruddy hair and was a little smaller than his bull necked companion but not by much. "Regan saw you hanging around my car yesterday. You think it's funny that I nearly ran off the road? Huh?" He shoved him again, making a hollow clang against the lockers. "That snake didn't crawl in there by itself." "I didn't do it!" the kid flinching from the blow. "Brian, I swear, that wasn't me." "Yeah, So you calling Regan a liar then?" the smaller one asked, then turned to his friend. "I think the freak just called Regan a liar, did you hear that Tony?" Tony scowled and cracked his knuckles, and Brian turned back to the kid "That wasn't very smart of you loser. Why don't we pay a visit to the bathroom?" Oh, great. I did not need this. I should turn around and walk away. The kid cringed, looking miserable but resigned, like he was used to this kind of treatment. I sighed, and proceeded to do something stupid. "Well, I'm so glad this place has the same gorilla faced morons as my old school," I said, not moving from where I stood. They whirled on me, eyes widening and smirked "What's the matter; daddy cut you off your allowance this month, so you have to beat it out of the loser and freaks? Does practice not give you enough manhandling time?" "Who the hell are you?" The smaller jock, Brian took a menacing step forward, getting in my face. I gazed back at him, still smirking. "This your boyfriend, then?" He raised his voice. "You got a death wish?" Now, of course we were beginning to attract attention. Students who had been averting their eyes and pretending not to see the trio against the locker began to hover, as if sensing violence on the air. Murmurs of "Fight" rippled through the crowd, gaining speed, until it felt as if the entire school was watching this little drama play out in the middle of the hall. The boy they'd been picking on gave me a fearful, apologetic look and scurried off, vanishing into the crowd. You're welcome, I thought resisting the urge to roll my eyes. Well I had stepped into this pile of crap; I might as well go all out. "New kid," grunted Brian's companion, stepping away from the lockers, looming behind the others. "The one from New York." "Oh, yeah." Brian glanced at his friend, then back at me. His lip curled in disdain. "You're that kid who shanked his cellmate," he continued raising his voice for benefit of the crowd. "After setting fire to the school and pulling a knife on a teacher." I raised an eyebrow. Really, that's a new one. Scandalized gasps and murmurs went through the student body, gaining speed like wildfire. This would be all over school tomorrow. I wondered how many more crimes I could add to my already lengthy imaginary list. "You think you're tough." Bolstered by the mob, Brian stepped closer, crowding me, an evil smile on his face. "So you're an arsonist and a criminal, big deal. You think I'm scared of you?" I straightened, going toe to toe with my opponent. "Arsonist, huh?" I said, matching his sneer with my own. "And here I thought you were as stupid as you look. Did you learn that big word in English today?" His face contorted and he swung at me. We were extremely close, so it was a nasty right hook, coming straight at my jaw. I ducked beneath it and shoved his are as the fist went by, pushing him into the wall. Howls and cheers rose around us as Brian spun furiously and swung at me a second time. I twisted away, keeping my fists close to me. "Enough!" Teachers descended from nowhere, pulling us apart. Brian swore and fought to get to me, trying to shove past the teacher, but I let myself be pulled off to the side. The one who grabbed me kept a tight hold of my collar, as if I might break free and throw a punch at him. "Principal's office, Kingston," ordered the teacher, steering Brian down the hall. "Get moving." He glared back at me. "You too new kid, And for you better pray you don't have a knife hidden somewhere on you, or you'll be suspended before you can blink." As they dragged me off to the principal's office, I saw the kid watching me from the crowd. His brown eyes never left mine, until I was pulled around a corner and lost from view.