whole life now doesn't it. A magical camp for ADHD and Dyslexic kids of myth people, why not. "So just how many are there, you know, kids like me." She didn't seem sure on how to answer. "Well alot I guess. I mean their gods so I guess their always having, ROCKS!" As I pondered why the hell the gods were having, rocks, my mom yanked the steering wheel hard to the right. Narrowly swerving out of the way of three massive boulders that came sailing through the air straight at our car. "What the, where did those come from?" I looked behind us only to see three nearly fourteen foot men running after our car. Not to mention I could swear one of them looked like Teddy. "Um mom, there are three giants chasing us. And I'm pretty sure it's the guys from the gym. OK I'm pretty sure it's them, cause one of them is wearing a tank-top." Mom stole a quick glance in the rear-view mirror then swore under her breath. I gently – and I mean extremely gently smacked her on the cheek, "Language mom." She threw me a faint smile before a boulder smashed into the trunk of our car, sending us spinning until we crashed into a tree. I'm not quite sure of what happened the next few minutes to be honest. All I remember is mom trying to pull me out, she was bleeding from a nasty cut above her left eye. Her arm looked like it was broken and I think her nose was too. She kept muttering she had to get me to safety. Me on the hand, despite 'the out of body experience' and the what I'm hoping is just a sprained ankle. I seemed perfectly fine. That is until one of the giant men – Teddy – grabbed my mom and threw her three meters away. "Now where in the world are you running off to little Samson?" I glared at him with all the fury I had, which was alot. "Not that I mind much, I actually like it when my food puts up a fight. Makes the meat more delicious." He laughed loudly and the others joined in, one of others behind him started making his way towards my mom. "Hey what about the mother other here, she could do as a nice bedtime snack right." When I heard that my gut twisted in a painful way, but surprisingly I felt an incredible power surge through me. All of I sudden I was hyper aware of everything around me, mapping out battle strategies in my head. Without really thinking about it I lunged after the open car door, ripping it clear off its hinges. Then hurling it with strength I didn't know I had at the giant that was about to grabbed my mother. It hit him clean in the neck, knocked him off his feet and sent him skidding a good two meters. The other two just stood there, dumbfounded for a moment before they turn to look at me, disbelief and rage brimming over in their eyes. Teddy moved with more speed than I thought a giant possessed and backhanded me into the car. Pain shot through my left side and I knew something was either broken or at the very least cracked. "You know on second thought, I don't like my food fighting back." He snarled and I knew I was a dead man. Scratch that, I mean dead boy, seeing as I'll never make it to adulthood. And if I thought my day couldn't get any more messed up, well I was wrong. For just as Teddy raised a large rock to start the tenderizing process. He was suddenly struck lightening. Now as I looked up, the sky was just beginning to brighten with the first rays of morning light. Plus I couldn't see a cloud for miles, so where the hell the lightning bolt come from? Then a horse just materialized out of thin air, followed by a jet black horse with wings that landed next to it. Then another one with – wait, is that lightening bouncing off its body. But stranger than that was the fact that these weird-ass creatures appeared to have riders. A dark skinned woman with cinnamon curls and lustrous golden eyes was one the first horse that seemed incapable of staying still. A man with windblown black hair and sea green eyes smiled at me from the back of the black stallion with wings. And a man with short blonde hair and the most piercing blue eyes I've ever seen stared at me form the back of the braying thunder horse. Said man then dismounted his steed and walk – with an almost kingly authority – over to me. He held his hand out and I took it as he pulled me to my feet. He offered me this cube that looked like a gram cracker of some kind and told me to eat it. When I asked why, he said it would help with the pain. The thing taste like my mom's homemade fudge, which was my favourite food, and surprisingly I felt the pain in my side begin to subside. "Who are you people?" I asked him, feeling an odd connection to this strange man. "My name is Jason Grace. And I've come to take you home... cousin." TBC Author's note : What we have here is a classic example of an idea popping up in your head and refusing to leave. After trolling through – if not hundreds – of Greek god fanfics, more specifically Percy Jackson fanfics. I noticed that there wasn't a single one about a child of Hercules, so TADAH. Please R&R and let me know what you guys, my good fans and follower thing. By the way, this is my first Percy Jackson fanfiction and I plan to make it epic my own right. So stay turned my peeps.