to Starbucks. Making her sit in the cafe, he applied the ointment gently and wrapped it with a cloth. Her heart was warming and she looked at him like she just wanted to hug him. Of course, this time he was unaware of the fact. He had a dark expression and he thought about the message intently. "Here." She smiled at him. "Thank you." "Hmm." She frowned, noticing his face. And that moment, he didn't speak a word. She was worried. Yes, after ten years, she was worried for someone. And that was Percy Jackson. He left her office without a word. She contact ' Jackson Granite's ', unfortunately, he hadn't come for the last few days. She chewed her lips but not the food in front of her, making Thalia stress out and pull her spiky hair. She pulled the neck of the t-shirt Annabeth was wearing and shoved her on the bed. "Alright, tell me what's this business." Annabeth sighed and sat up straight. "Percy's not answering me" Thalia frowned at her. "From when did you start calling him that?" She glowered at her. "I'm worried sick of where he's gone and here you're taking interrogation with me." Thalia sighed and and sat next to Annabeth. "What are you to him?" Annabeth was surprised by this question. "What?" "What do you mean to him? What does he mean to you?" She pondered over this question but looked sadly at Thalia. "I don't know." Thalia sat across Annabeth cross legged and looked at her determined. "Listen, I don't know what happened what tell me everything." So she did. As events were discussed, her thoughts seemed organised, and she felt an affection towards him. But somehow the affection seemed strong. "Thalia, why do I feel like this? When he tugs my hair in, a feeling in my chest spreads, and when he behaves like a gentleman, it warms my heart." Thalia sighed. "So you knew that he was my cousin." Annabeth nodded. "And you played like a perfect doll in the shelf." Annabeth gave her a silly smile. "And you've changed greatly." Thalia stared at her then burst in a fit of laughter. "Girl, how ironical!" Annabeth cast a confused look at her. "Oh, god! Soon Annabeth, soon you'll know why." With that she left the room. Annabeth was alone in the house . That was depressing, and lonely, though hard to admit, since Annabeth would've laughed in the past if someone told her that she was afraid of being alone. She wanted to know where this guy hid. Then suddenly it clicked to her. "Percy lives in Thalia's father's apartment. Let me check over there,"she thought. She hit her head for not remembering that. She followed up, check the names in the lobby and found his name in the top floor. "You sure live alone." she thought. As she waited in the elevator, her sped at the speed of 120 km/second. And the moment she ringed the bell of the mentioned house, she nearly fell when the door opened. There he stood, looking as handsome as ever, only that she saw something white peaking out of his white shirt. She tackled him angrily. "You horse! Do you know how much you've worried me?" He smiled at her sheepishly, trying to rub his head. When she touched his chest, he winced. She glanced at him, then tore open his shirt. "Wha-" "Oh my god! Percy! You have to tell me what's going on." He gave her a dry laugh. "You sure are curious. But I can't." He got up from the ground and took another shirt. "Why." He stared at the shirt. "I can't. It's just not right." She was about to say another word when- rrrrrrinnnggggg! The door was opened without a warning, a few bodyguards barged in, letting someone in. "Well, well, well. If it isn't for my little brother." She looked at Percy. His eyes turned dark like the storm. "Why are you here." The man, who somehow had the same eyes and same hair but not messy and his face was not very familiar. SHe got up, dusted herself and came in front of him. "Excuse me, could you please tell me what is going on?" "Annabeth, don't go near him." The man smiled. "Of course not, beautiful one. I'm Triton Oceanus. Of course, I used to be the son of both parents, but now I'm the son of a dad and a mom. And I think dear father wants his favourite son to be played with." He gave her a heinous laugh. "For once I thank lord that I'm not his heir. So, Percy ready to go? Or should I call the man upstairs? I'm sure he would like to sweep this place clean. Or should I-" He caught Annabeth's hand, "-add our little miss in our glorious journey?" She wanted to help. She took a deep breathe and, "I want to-" "I'll go. Leave her at once and don't tell it aloud, Triton." She frowned at him, even glared while he started walking behind his brother. He stopped for a moment and looked at Annabeth sadly. "Percy Jackson, we're waiting." "I'm coming, just give us a moment please." They were left alone, near the doorway. She softened her glare, her eyes turning sad. "I'm sorry Annabeth." He did something very unexpected. He leaned, closed his eyes and cupped her face. When their lips met, she was sure her heart was on fire. Her stomach churned wildly and her brain suddenly went blank. "Goodbye Annabeth." And then she was standing alone, dazed, wondering what just happened. And then and there, she realized what was the definition of that affection. It was true love. To be continued... Author's Note: So, how was it? Was it good/bad/not really great? Please review and tell me if this was fine to move further. -The author. P.S. I will surely update the next chapter after your thoughts so don't despair.