couple of people were snoring lightly, but they all looked so . . . peaceful. Percy and Annabeth were curled up next to each other, Percy's arm draped around Annabeth's shoulders and her arm lying across his stomach. Her head was resting on his chest and his face was turned towards the top of her head, his hand resting on her hair. Their legs were tangled together under the blankets, and Annabeth looked entirely content, as if she didn't care if she ever woke up. She sighed dreamily in her sleep, and Percy snuggled a little closer to her. Next to them, Jason and Piper were sprawled next to each other on the second mattress; Jason was splayed out like a starfish on his back, his head tilting to the side, his glasses askew on his face. His mouth was slightly open – one of the snorers. Piper had her head on his stomach, and she was smiling in her sleep. On the third mattress, Frank had his arms around Hazel like he was holding a football. She was curled up in a ball against his chest, and his chin rested on the top of her head, his arms encircling her protectively. Calypso almost found it funny how much bigger he was than her. And then, finally, there was her Leo. He was on the floor in front of the couch – the couch wasn't big enough for the both of them, and Leo had insisted she take it. He was sleeping on his stomach, snoring loudly with his face in a pillow. One of his feet was dangerously close to Frank's nose, and his left arm was draped over Jason's head. The other arm was still reaching up towards the couch. Reaching for Calypso. Calypso didn't realize it at first, but she noticed that all of the demigods were sleeping close together, all seven of them subconsciously leaning towards each other. Annabeth's fingertips were touching Piper's back, and Jason's leg was brushing Hazel's. They were all connected, even in sleep. The scene was so perfect that Calypso found herself wanting to take a picture. They were asleep, but she thought they deserved to remember this moment. It might be a long time before they would get another one like it – one never knew, with the lives of demigods. Luckily, Calypso brought her camera with her. The first few weeks after she and Leo left Ogygia together, they took a whirlwind tour of Europe, and Leo built Calypso her very own camera, one that printed out the picture as soon as it was taken. She'd discovered that she loved photography, and she used her camera every chance she got. She always kept it with her. She tiptoed over to her suitcase by the couch and took it out as quietly as she could. With a smile on her face, she snapped a picture of the seven sleeping demigods. The picture spewed out of the camera, and Calypso looked at it with a smile. She'd have to make copies for everyone. Calypso felt happy. These people were her friends. She'd had her doubts at first – of course, she was happy to be with Leo, but she'd been nervous about meeting all of his friends. Would she have a place at Camp Half-Blood? And then, of course, there was the matter of seeing Percy again, but that had turned out not to be such a big deal. He'd made gallant apologies to both Leo and Calypso, and Calypso found it easy to forgive him. Percy Jackson was a kind soul and a good friend to her. It took a few weeks, but Calypso found that she did have a place at Camp Half-Blood. The other campers welcomed her easily, and with Leo at her side, it was almost perfect. Calypso had friends, and she was happy. Happier than she'd been in a long, long time. In the morning, when the demigods woke groggily from sleep, they found Calypso's invisible servants making breakfast for them in the kitchen. Calypso had summoned her magic servants to the apartment – she didn't know how to cook herself, although she was determined to learn. But she wanted to do something nice for her friends. And since she couldn't sleep anyway, she was up before any of the others. She was standing in the kitchen, pouring seven glasses of orange juice, when the demigods stumbled sleepily into the room. "Whoa," Leo said, eyeing the breakfast buffet spread out on the kitchen counter. "Sunshine . . . you did all this?" "My servants cooked," she said, smiling at him. "But I poured the juice. I can do that much, at least." Leo grinned at her, and her heart fluttered in her chest. "If this is a dream, nobody pinch me," Percy said, rubbing his hands in anticipation. Annabeth pinched him anyway and he smirked at her. The counter was filled with plates of Belgian waffles, cinnamon French toast sticks, a stack of blue pancakes, a large bowl of scrambled eggs, a plate of steaming bacon, and a bowl of fruit salad. Percy's eyes slid to Calypso, and he smiled a thank you at her. She smiled back. "Leo, I think Calypso's a keeper," Jason said as he began piling his plate high. Leo grinned and went to put his arms around Calypso's waist. "Tell me about it," he said, and he kissed her. The seven demigods and Calypso sat down at the kitchen table – which was miraculously big enough to seat all of them – and dug into their meal. Percy drenched his blue pancakes in syrup while Annabeth chided him, Jason sprayed whipped cream onto his waffles, Piper filled her plate with healthy fruit and Frank took almost all of the French toast sticks. Hazel and Leo challenged each other on how many eggs they both could eat. Calypso felt herself smiling again, and she sipped her orange juice so no one would see.