How do you know?... Wait, no way... Grover!" "GROVER!" Percy yelled. "Put it on speaker!" "Shut up," Annabeth said, holding up a hand. "I can't believe this! How are you?... I met him at the airport, we both missed our flight." "IT WAS HER FAULT!" "Yeah, no, I have job interviews scheduled… I didn't even know you were in New York! And your contact info changed. Keeping up with you is impossible… Wait but how do you know Percy?" "WE'RE BEST FRIENDS!" Percy answered. "Wow, small world." Annabeth said. "YO GROVER HOW DO YOU KNOW ANNABETH?" "I met him a long time ago in California," Annabeth supplied. "Dude put it on speaker!" Percy whined. She rolled her eyes but tapped the speaker icon. "GROVER CAN YOU HEAR ME?" "Yeah man stop yelling!" The sound of his best friend's voice somehow made Percy feel 100% better. "What were you doing in Cali?" "I lived there for a while." "No way. What else haven't you told me?" Percy asked suspiciously. "A lot, actually. But how did you meet Annabeth?" "She cut me in line and made me miss my flight to New York!" "You would have missed it anyway!" Annabeth protested. "Noooo." Grover laughed. "Listen, guys I gotta go," he said, "But we have to meet in New York, Annabeth! This is my current number, so use it." "Wait but won't you meet me?" Percy asked. "Bro I'm literally coming over today! Be here on time and drive safe and stuff. Bye!" The call ended. Annabeth exhaled. "Seriously, what are the odds?" Percy grinned. They spent the next hour sharing stories about Grover and laughing until they ached. Hour 11 They had been quiet for what Percy judged to be too long, so he took it upon himself to start a conversation. "So," he began slowly, trying to be careful with his wording. "Why architecture? I don't mean that in, like, a negative way or anything, but just, of all the jobs, why that one?" "There doesn't have to be a reason," Annabeth answered. "Yeah there does, there's always a reason," he argued. "Then what was your reason, for trying marine biology?" "I love the ocean. I love the water and I love everything that lives in it," Percy replied with a smirk. "See, there's always a reason. So what's yours?" "It's not as simple as yours." "I'm not that stupid, I'm sure I can still understand." "Fine." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "There was a brief period in my life when I didn't live with my dad. I ran away when I was seven, and met some other kids who ran away from home. It was like I finally had a family. But then, that didn't work out. It was temporary, and I hate temporary. Architecture, if you do it right, means creating something permanent, something that will outlive you. Which, I guess is why I was drawn to it." Percy wasn't sure how to respond. He wasn't expecting something that deep. "I told you it's not that simple," Annabeth said, when he still hadn't responded. "That's good, though, isn't it?" he said thoughtfully. "I mean you have a really good reason, that's why you're passionate enough to move to the other side of the country. My reason was kinda weak, and maybe that's why I couldn't stick with it." "Your reason for working in the bakery is strong though. Maybe that's what's best for you." "But I feel like I'm not that passionate about it. I want to love something as much as you love architecture." "You'll find something," she said deliberately. "Someday." Hour 12 The journey was coming to an end and the idea of never seeing Annabeth again was too painful for Percy. Somewhere along the road he had developed a serious crush on her, and saying a permanent goodbye was not an option. "You should come over for Christmas," he blurted before he could stop himself. "Yeah," Annabeth said offhandedly, clearly dismissing it as an empty invitation. "No, seriously," Percy continued. "You shouldn't be alone for the holidays. And we take Christmas very seriously in our house. It's all out." Annabeth looked at him carefully, judging how authentic he was being. "I couldn't impose," she said finally. "Anyway, you should spend the time with your family, not some random stranger you found at the airport." "Okay, fair point, but you're not some random stranger anymore. I think a twelve hour drive is enough to make us friends?" "Maybe," she agreed, "but not the type of friend you invite into your home on a special occasion." "Why is that? "Because…" she faltered, apparently unable to come up with a valid reason. "Because that's what's socially acceptable," Percy supplied. "But screw that. You're spending Christmas in New York, and you don't have any friends or family here other than me, and I guess Grover, but he's already with me. Anyway, you won't be spending Christmas in some dingy hotel room as long as I'm around." "I really don't want to intrude-" "The more the merrier! And you could be very useful to us. I can guarantee that we have way more freshly baked cookies sitting at home than we know what to do with." He paused before adding, "Actually, we do know what to do with them. We feed them to me. But that's probably not good for my health, so you can save me from a serious food coma. See, you're a hero." Annabeth laughed. It was a glorious sound that made Percy feel the same warmth he felt after eating one of his mom's cookies. "Fine, I'll come," she said, though she sounded reluctant. And Percy felt wonderful, because he had a beautiful girl who he really, really liked coming over for Christmas, and he would be there on time to do all of his favorite things with his favorite people, and it basically was turning out to be a pretty great holiday.